포레스트 검프
6,Jenny, what's that girl? He's not playing with Forest. He's so selfish
1,It's not that I don't understand Forest's feelings for Jenny, but it was too much. I feel sorry for Forest who loved OO until the end, and Forest must have AIDS. I want to give it away. OO Jenny year
1,Forrest named after the head of the KKK gang, a white extreme right-wing black murder group, and Jawsensing's specialized water polo reactionary sentimental film, which his mother doesn't even know she's no longer watching because she wants to send him to the poor school
2,Someone recommended the movie to include the ending
3,I didn't even remember it because I saw it when I was young, but when I grew up, I didn't see a pushover like this either. I hope to get rid of Jenny's Reality is not a life that goes by like a gump
6,A movie full of unrealistic things. Nevertheless, a fantasy that I hope will come true at least once.
1,I don't know... Since I lived doing what I could, I became a billionaire and lived in peace It was fun, but I couldn't relate to it at all. Life is not so easy.
1,What kind of a retarded man who fought in the Vietnam War, got an honorary medal from the president, and even caught some shrimp, and became CEO overnight to make a lot of money... If I drew it realistic, I wouldn't say anything.If you don't show the process and do anything, the result will be a success. Midas? I'm so touched. Since it's a masterpiece of a loose-fitting bubble movie, I want to fork out the eyes of people who say such things because it's a life movie.
6,26 years after it was released, it's a little I can do whatever movie I can, I can do anything, but I can't relate to the reality now
1,It's not fun. Unprecedented horoscope bubble
1,Spent two hours and 22 minutes in my life.
1,The movie that made me feel uncomfortable watching because of Jenny. It's terrible
6,I thought my whole life was a comedy in a box of chocolates. It turned out to be a feather flying in the wind. Just as Forest, who always ran forward, looks around and is immersed in emotion, we run from the perspective of the present, but if we put our sights on life, wouldn't it be awkwardly scratching our heads?
1,It's just a story about a lucky jerk
5,Everyone appreciates and admires a life as pure and honest as a fool. However, there is no life like Gump where he wins the lottery about 10 times by chance or by chance. In other words, if the story composition is unlikely at all, fun, lessons, and touching are not good.
6,I don't quite understand why it's a masterpiece. A person who has met a chance in the midst of an impressive trend of the times. What is special about him? Arisong Hanks' performance was good
5,It was just like that.
6,Don't decide the standard of life recklessly
6,There were no lessons as if they were not textbooks of life. Well done
1,Jenny used Namjoo because she is stupid
5,The movie is rumored to be a masterpiece, but I couldn't touch the heartstrings of Kim Min-ki. It's fun, but I don't know there's a lesson, and Jenny is ridiculous. I think I used it because I was stupid
4,Is Little Forest really Forest's biological child? That's the only question left at the end of the movie. The story of an idiot who was bewitched by a promiscuous hippie woman named Jenny and carried a child of unknown descent before she died.
1,Life is like a feather!And Jenny died of AIDS
4,Hey, ma'am, ma'am, ma'am
2,A true OO movie ....
6,There's only life, death, and anarchy. Human beings love, fight wars, run, live without thinking, and leave the world when it's their turn...
6,It's strange, he's a VIP player from NCAA, so popular in the U.S., a Vietnam War hero who made headlines all over the country for flirting on TV, even for running, and the founder of a conglomerate, who doesn't know the story when he talks about his past, and no one even knows who Gump is. I guess the U.S. doesn't have newspapers and other media
6,Sometimes it's okay to go back. That time is not meaningless at all either.
6,It's boring. It's not fun.
1,I was rather embarrassed from the beginning when I watched this movie after being recommended. A parent named his son because he respected the leader of the white supremacist gang, the KKK. This part made me uncomfortable and I ended up closing this movie in five minutes of play time.
1,Jennie, you're really bad at this. You're looking for Gump when you're sucking up all the sweet water and turning over Ji-Ae
1,It was so boring and boring.
1,I won football, won the President, won the Medal of Honor, won the Table Tennis, won the President again, caught shrimp, invested in Apple, became richer, traveled around the United States, became famous nationwide.What kind of storage is this?
2,What do you mean, how can I live? I'm living my life to the fullest, but I didn't have that luck. It's possible because it's a movie. You're learning the attitude of life over there? It's good to be positive, but...
6,When Forrest asks to marry her, she'll just keep enjoying her life, and suddenly she'll die, so she'll show up with her child and pass it on to Forrest?Forrest's child, it doesn't make sense that he hasn't been in touch for so long, and that he should suddenly show up before he dies and get married
1,I'm asking Jenny. Is this Gump's son? At a glance, the man who passed by lived enough to fill a bus full of people. Do you have any conscience?
2,The main character is Jennie. I just turned my life around. But I made a mistake because I just couldn't take care of myself.
6,11.10.22. Ron Forrest! Roowon!
6,The meaning and workmanship are good, but it's boring everywhere
3,The life story of the selfish king and the king of hogu, who deceive and take on another person's child as your son when a drug addict who has lived a promiscuous life dies of AIDS.
1,I don't know what the hell the lesson is. It was so boring. What was it? It was a movie that was neither touching nor interesting to me.
2,Forest loves a rag out of all that rag, so it's a movie. This is a movie
5,It's normal. Movies that have different preferences
1,I think it's misogyny, so 1 point.
6,Just a pretty movie. A movie about ideal. I've studied the U.S. Army for over 10 years, but I've never seen a veteran living like Forest since I left the military. From the running scene, I could feel the touch of Hollywood and Jewish sponsors. I think the original artist would be upset because the story changed.
1,I can't believe the Shawshank Escape at the time was being pushed to this kind of movie
1,Tom Hanks' acting is cringe-worthy. Delete it after 30 minutes.
6,A movie that you can watch once in a while
5,I felt uncomfortable when I saw the female lead. She's so selfish
1,It's not fun to say that oldies are fun
1,The movie is good, but it is too unrealistic. Lucky and talented, and people who see this might think, "Let's overcome it hard," but it's full of dreamlike things.I just did it.It's easy to become a millionaire. He drew a novel that was so vain that it might not be true story. I just lost my luck.
5,Tom Hanks and other leading actors are very good at acting. However, while only stories like myth are listed without probability, Jenny's behavior is simply not convinced. I even doubt that Forest Jr.'s father is Forest. If it's a true story, I'm sure you'll be surprised.
5,I'm on a roll, but I don't know if it's that fun
1,Is society in the '90s so promiscuous?
6,Over the middle, the immersion level has decreased, and it's so good that it's unrealistic and less fun, but anyway, Lieutenant Dan is funny here, rather than giving hope... Should I say it's close to comedy? It was more racy than I thought
1,In terms of fun, it's zero points.
3,The End of a Patriotic Conservative Youth Played by Hippies
4,Honestly, it wasn't as touching as the rating, but it was just a calm movie
1,Forest has no loyalty
4,Can I make a provisional conclusion that Jenny is trash? Forrest, who doesn't ask or want to know about Jenny, does she really love her?
6,It's more boring than touching.
1,It has a higher rating than you think. It's not my style. It's a movie that people either like or dislike
6,Tom Hanks' finest performance!
1,Jenny is a real villain. I have nothing to say. The director seems misogynistic.
5,A movie that doesn't know much about life, which is a topic that I've been talking about for more than two hours. The acting and the costumes are excellent.
3,I met Kim Chi-nyeon and watched a bad ending movie.
6,It's so nice, but I want to give Jenny a double bath.If Gump was poor, would X have come to him?
1,I guess it's not a masterpiece for everyone
4,JENNIE... She's the original.I think Kim Chi-nyeon got inspiration from Jenny.
1,It's a masterpiece, but my wife is exactly like Kim Chi-nyeon. She's been staring at Jenny all her life, but Jenny will be playingI said I'll play and do it, so I look like Kim Chi-nyeon at the end
4,Can you control the comments?
1,It's so much fun. 1234
1,When I first saw it as a kid, I was moved, but as I got older, I didn't like it. It wasn't a masterpiece
3,by chance and by chance JENNIE is a bit annoyed
1,It wasn't very interesting and a waste of time
1,To be honest, no more than nine points. It's really at the beginning of 8 points. It's not as fun as About Time, and it's way below the real Shawshank escape.
1,Monthly E is better (same rating)
1,I don't know where to be touched
1,It must be a movie worth watching.
5,Another evangelicalism that speaks of positivity and hope
1,I don't know why it's so high
5,Did a woman show you that you don't follow a strange man, that you get drugs, that you get diseases? I felt a little strange because the female protagonist looked like a loose woman.
3,Tragedy of a fool who met the wrong woman and was kept in the field for life
1,It's just a lesson. I hate it
1,When I saw it for the first time, it was very touching, but as I watched it 2 or 3 times as I got older, I started to see things that I couldn't see at first, and I thought that this movie was not just a touching movie
1,"I'm going to meet you now". I recommend it
2,A movie that shows the ideal case of a lucky fool and makes everyone stupid
5,The scary things behind the fun and touching moments
1,Let's get rid of the foam, everyone
6,Watch. Overrated movie. I know it's a touching movie
3,The story of not giving in to the hard fate given to me, but overcoming it, was good, but it didn't overwhelm me
1,I thought about what would be left after this. When I first saw it as a child, I was moved, but every time I see it again, I wonder what I want to say.
1,It's too high... It's too high
4,Just less than expected. I don't know how many times I'm upset because of Jenny. Forest is a Bodhisattva
3,It's too far from our reality to feel touched. Everything Gump does is ridiculously released, as if by God they believe in. My life will never be as lucky as Gump. It was so fictional and crude to feel touched that the immersion was also low
4,I expected a high score, but it wasn't that fun
6,Personally, it's a very disappointing development.The movie is very different from what I think. It seems to be a movie that depicts the success of a normal person, contrary to the good reviews. It's a pity that the movie made the parts of life less detailed than the real story.
1,If you stay still, you'll succeed in everything! Wow! That's a really good movie!
1,I can't believe it's 9.35.
4,Why is this so famous and touching? The whole time I saw it was unbearable. Oh my god
1,I don't know the reason why the score is high. I'm trying to watch it until the end, but I couldn't watch it because I kept sleeping around the cave scene
6,Again, I shouldn't have believed in ratings
6,I don't understand how this film won the Academy Award for defeating the Shawshank EscapeFor me, it's like the eight wonders of the world
1,There's no answer.
2,a boring, boring movie
5,I think I'm a fool. I don't know. I don't know what's good about it. There are people like me.
6,Am I emotionally dry?
5,I enjoyed watching the showshank escape, and I was looking forward to it, and I watched Forest Gump. Why was the Shawshank escape delayed? It's just a calm movie, isn't it?
6,Hmm... I don't know.It was touching, but it was too conservative.I was a bit reluctant to do that I give you 6 points, but if you watch the movie, it's 10 points
1,The movie is good. However, it falls short of expectations. I don't understand the backlog of contemporary Shawshank escapes. I'm really sorry, but 1 point for grading
1,Eustist Gump
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,Life is a chocolate box
5,There was nothing to watch except pure emotion.There was no emotion at all about the content of the film.
1,The message is important, but the purity of the movie is tainted in the process. The result is good, but it dilutes the result by putting the legitimacy of American conservatism in the middle
1,Can't understand the heroine's behavior.
5,Impression from time to time, the lesson is great. But it's boring and less immersive. Lesson This means that the proportion of boring stories is greater than the lingering feelings of emotion.
1,America's own twisted, middle school level childish film, really nothing but a laugh
3,Boring...
6,I don't like Tom Hanks narrating. I wonder if there are any impressive scenes other than the list of modern American history.
3,I don't like it. It's not fun. I didn't expect too much. It's not touching. It's long. It's a hundred times better for boys or three idiots in striped pajamas. I'll give you three points for fear of getting dumped
1,a typical American movie
5,I don't know about Americans back then, but can you relate to modern people now? I think it's highly valued because I jumped on it
1,JENNIE and I say "I'm so sorry"
5,It was a development that a bad boy became a soldier and then a ping pong prodigy that I didn't understand at all
4,My subjective... It's touching, it's not touching, it's fun, but it's out of the blue.
5,I'm bored the whole time I watch it.
5,I was just bored...Are you emotionally dry?Why is the rating so high?
6,It's like an American movie. Whatever you do, you become the best.
5,It's a good story, but in the movie, Forrest Gump just adapts to everything
1,Wow, I'm a middle school student, but it's no fun, and the quality is old-fashioned
1,Not really
6,A typical American human drama...
6,It was not enough to win the best picture award over "The Shawshank Escape."
6,I'm sleepy. I'm sleepy. I can't watch it because I'm too sleepy
1,Why is it so easy for you to live your life?Do you think that's possible?In the world these days?
1,A film so unrealistic. The story and the lesson are too obvious. Mooring zinc smoke is also 2 percent short.
1,be inferior to Augustrush
1,I slept because I was bored
5,You can't be happy just by feeling happy
6,Why is it called a masterpiece?
1,Why do you have the same ratings before and after watching it? It gives me goosebumps
1,It's not bad, but I think it's too high.
6,a film that gave me a good feeling of hope
1,Jenny didn't have to leave the trash behind until it was time to die. What kind of movie is this?
1,I'm buying it now.I'm not very impressed.It's kind of forced...a grade-pointing machine
1,I was bored to death
4,Personally, I don't know why this is so touching. I'm just saying
1,a shameless Jenny
5,If you don't agree with the plot or describe small things in a big way, the score is
1,It's not funny, it's shocking
6,It's just that
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
5,Too much coincidence and hyperbole. It's not boring.
1,In reality, a fool is just a fool
6,Hmm………………….
1,It's not a big deal.
1,It's so boring...Avatar is much more fun
1,You glorified the Vietnam War.The American Supremacy is annoying...
3,Too much exaggeration and coincidence comes as ridiculous, not touching.
6,I'm not touched.
1,Let's put everything aside. The national team is the best
1,Sorry... national team fan ^^
1,It's not as fun as the national team.
1,Compared to the national team, the score is too highLet's cut it a bit
1,The national team is much more fun
1,the best movie
1,It's 10 points
1,National University of Korea
1,Objectively speaking, the national team is more touching than Forest Gump
1,The best! The rest of us got 1 point
1,The development of the story is focused on the main character's luck.
6,It's nice to see because it's pure and passionate.K
4,The success story of a lucky fool's life
1,I don't have an eye for movies.
1,-..- It's not that bad
6,I'm enlightened, but I'm bored.I was embarrassed when I complained about my bad hair
1,There's a lesson, but it's not fun;; it's in the top 10 ratings
1,a really touching movie
6,an idiotic success story
6,It's not a big touching moment. It's a heartwarming moment.It doesn't look like the best.
5,I didn't like it.
4,There is no realism or justification in the development of the situation. a fairy tale
1,a masterpiece of a fishing film
6,I believed in the = B rating too much HJ: That's childish
1,Well, I'm really not funny
6,It was a huge hit with the Lion King in '94. I don't think it's me.
6,All the time watching, my feelings are absurd and bizarre;;; not touching. I enjoyed it, but it wasn't a masterpiece
6,A story that is carried out by chance... I wasn't touched
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Not good.
1,not much
1,Cash disappointed;
1,Where is it touching? Where is it fun?Where are you getting into character?Where's the empathy?
1,It's not that
1,The dead poet's society is better
5,It's touching, but it's not enough to push my favorite Shawshank--
1,I can't believe it
6,The acting and the content of Joko were original, but it was obvious.
1,It's not that
6,Life is luck. My luck is 98 percent... 2 percent effort. That;;
1,I'm trying to give a lot to the audience, but... I don't feel anything
1,It's worse than Shawshank's escape. It's not touching, it's comic, it's fun, it's all loose...
1,It's too long. 142 minutes;;;
1,It's sad. It's touching
1,It's not that
1,It's hard to feel it
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
1,I'm so disappointed
1,Where is the touching moment?
1,have no feeling
1,It's just boring
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?T
1,I'm so touched that I want to give you 1 point
1,It's so boring
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?
1,It just wasn't fun for me. That's all;
1,It's a movie that doesn't hit home
1,...I'm falling asleep
1,Wow, good
1,The worst. ㅠ.ㅠ By the way, is your name KYUNG JUN?
1,It's a movie that doesn't reach you very much
1,It's a movie I've never heard of before
1,That's the worst. Boring.
1,Personally, I feel frustrated when I watch a movie like this.It's just...It's very uncomfortable.
1,As if it's not
6,Six points
1,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,be bored and boring
5,It's just normal
1,If I were lucky, it would be unrealistic
1,It's all talk Manet was boring
2,I can never agree with a well-made film or nihilism about history and beliefs
1,I'm not impressed. It's just boring. I'm lucky
1,It's not a big deal. It's just a story about a lucky person
1,It's good
1,It's so boring
1,The worst movie in my life
1,What's left of this movie? opportunism
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it so much? I don't know where to be touched...
1,The worst movie is "Naver Netizens"You guys don't even know Jam Lotte movies
1,I get depressed when I watch it
1,I don't know if it's because of her being bizarre the day before
1,Shawshank is the best
1,This movie is the best, but I have a showshank!
1,The best movie ever! It's so much fun
1,A good movie... But isn't 8 points good enough?
1,It's fun
1,cool
3,I didn't like it.The rating is too high.
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,I'm yawning
1,I don't think that's the best movie I've ever seen.But it's a good movie
1,This isn't it
3,People must like this kind of thing. I'm bored the whole time I watch it
1,Let's make Terminator 2 the top 10...
1,The best movie of all time
6,A ridiculous but funny and funny movie ^^
1,Maybe it's because it's been so long since it came out. Compared to the movies these days...
1,It's not this ranking of 7 points, so 1 point... It's worth seeing
1,I can't believe this is funny. I can't believe it.
1,It's a box of chocolates in nice packaging, but there's no chocolate in the box.
1,Everything changes!!
1,a poor work
1,Rubbish movie, no place to be moved be full of other people's wills and no ego
1,Are you trying to fight a war? Defconn one
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
3,A movie that NEOCON will like... The deep conservatism and prejudice behind the entertainment...
1,The success story of a white supremacist southern conservative.
1,White supremacy, heroism, glorification of the Vietnam War... the decisive version of American supremacy
5,Whenever I watch this movie, I get scared of Hollywood movies
1,The success story of a white supremacist southern conservative.
1,I'm so lucky, but I don't hate it.
1,The female lead is so prettyShe's Mrs. Shawn Pan.
1,Tom Hanks' best performance.
1,A good movie. But a better movie...
1,A good movie. But it's too high.
6,The subclass of 'Naveen' packs America into conservatism. The director is scary.
1,not much
3,Vietnam, the United States, Americanism. Why did they gather at Woodstock?
1,Why is this a masterpiece?
6,I don't think it's more than this movie.
5,A movie about a bowl of life, not the art of living. Life is never beautiful
1,It's not worth watching a damn movie
2,For the American people.an American film
2,Forced watching movie during middle school class. Long live America kkkkdan
1,If it's a movie for KKK, I'll give you a perfect score.
1,I've seen it more than three times, but racism.American, conservative, and dangerous movies that brainwash it
1,I liked it when I was young, but when I grew up, it was a movie with a lot of American conservative ideas
5,There are aspects that glorify the American conservatives, but this is fine
1,I'm sleepy.;
1,Long live America!
6,A glimpse of the history of the United States at a glance.
5,The story of a genius who is a bit lacking, I feel uncomfortable being so American-centric
1,Before the title...
6,I don't know because I haven't seen it from the beginning, but it seems like a movie that is well expressed to fit a masterpiece
1,a crystal of artificial emotion
1,Oxu0606<-- 1 point because of this number
1,a perfect performance compared to a poor production
4,I was looking forward to this movie, but it wasn't good. I'll watch it again
5,Let's not trust the score too much.Disappointed.
6,It was a bit boring
6,Well, I'm not as good as I thought
5,I really didn't like it
1,a typical American film
1,At some point, I don't like moving movies
1,I can't believe this movie won the Shawshank and won the prize
3,Need to tell if it's an American history story or a sad movie
5,I'm not mature enough, the movie is just the norm.It is also so boring.
5,The running part is jam. And not much
5,The beauty of living with feathers...
1,I caught a cold
1,the best movie
1,Let's win no.1 on "Radio Star"
1,It's a good movie, but it's a forced story. You have to go down
5,Look when you're sober. When I feel sleepy, I fall asleep.
1,We're not chocolate! Our lives were born for a definite purpose
1,Is there a more subtle right-wing movie than this?
1,a film that sneaks up on America's imperialist hegemonic war
1,a film cleverly advocating American superiority using blunt force
1,Ideas are so boring, and American ideas are so disgusting
1,Are you telling me to live like a fool?
1,If you're against war, you're considered a drug dealer.
5,It's fun, but moving...
1,It's not that impressive.
1,It's just a movie
1,My heart is warm, but it's a little...
1,The acting is naive, the scenario is cruel.
5,I enjoyed watching it, but I hate the conservative view.
1,The idea of this movie is impure.
5,the final version of the American conservative right-wing film
1,The main character is naive, but the movie is clever.
1,An anti-warist is a troublemaker and a druggie? It's excitement!
1,Typical rubbish movie based on American chauvinism
1,not much
1,It's well-made, but I'll lower it since it's not No.1
1,American Supremacy...turning anti-war hippies into drug addicts
1,Why are these movies in the top ranks? That's ridiculous
2,a good movie
1,Ryeo-cha
3,Tom Hanks acting as well... Good!
5,A movie that is well-dressed but shows American supremacy again
1,Great
1,The story of a genius with a low IQ is just pretending to be a successful story
1,American chauvinist film...Treat hippies as trash
5,What? Everything that innocent people do is a success?Ha ha.
6,I was moved when I was in middle school, but now I'm in love with horror thriller
2,I like Tom Hanks' acting, but...
1,It couldn’t be worse.
1,I didn't like it.
1,The main character is so stupid^^ LOL
4,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,I can't click. I was going to give you 10 points...
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1, check,  keep  in check
1,I'm touched ㅠㅠ I'm crying so much My eyes are swollen I missed my horoscope ㅠㅠ
1,the worst movie of one's life
5,It was boring...It's a low level ;-_--_-;
1,It's so boring. Hooray to America? lol
6,Long live Gump! Long live America! That's amazing.
1,My heart is 8 points, but I have to give 1 point.
4,I don't like it because my life is like Gump.
1,Overrated movie... Six points
1,Bored
3,an American story
1,not much
1,I don't like Hollywood movies.
6,a movie that I didn't feel much about
1,Consistent with blatant sentimentalism without properly describing the lives of the disabled
1,American filmmaking
6,American heroism
1,I slept after watching this.
1,Hollywood-style squeezing. I'm touched.
5,I don't really...
6,A movie that was forced but funny in its own way
1,It doesn't make sense...The movie... When I was running...It's contrived!
1,I can't really relate...
1,It is more interesting to buy OOO
4,Hollywood style squeezing touching ㅜㅜ
3,I was bored because I saw you in middle school.
1,- The only thing to see was the Phantom from the Vietnam War. - The end
6,Well, it was just like that. Was I expecting too much?
1,an old load
1,Amadeus is first place!
1,so, that
1,A fun drama.
6,Well, what if it wasn't Tom Hanks?
1,Expanded reproduction of Pax Americana
1,The Scariest American Mansae Movie
1,Thriller
2,a decent movie
1,I guess everyone has different tastes--ㅡㅡ
1,I'm pissed off
2,Hollywood's best trash movie, story is the best, topic is the worst
4,I don't know if it's because I saw Maraton first.
4,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9 points. one's personal opinion
1,That's not fun.
1,...............please
1,the worst movie ever
5,It's too much of a one-sided nature
4,I saw it yesterday. It was boring.Can't relate. Can't understand Netizens -_-
6,It's boring, but it's a little touching
3,The best part of making an American hero under the veil of an Academy Award!
5,the culmination of an American heroism And the sacrifice of Andy Duprain.
1,I wanted to be noticed... ㅜ.ㅜ
6,When I was young, I was touched, and when I saw it again, I got 3 points because of America
6,The first movie is touching, but the second movie is disgusting
1,The movie that made Tom Hanks a banned actor!
1,Heo Poong-seon struggles to boast about the baron's adventure, America.
2,It's such an American movie. Touching? Fun
1,a film representing the far right in the United States
1,I'm not in a good state of mind.
1,I'm not that...
5,It was pretty boring
4,The Academy's second mistake! What else is there besides subtle nationalism?
2,It's too much
6,I saw it at school and it was too loud -ㅅ-
1,not much
1,I enjoyed watching it
1,I enjoyed it
3,It's 20% short of a masterpiece.I'm not a bad student, but...
6,Humanism is somewhat relatable, but American superiority in the movie is tilted
2,The height of American Supremacy. It's more bitter than laughter
1,A typical American hurrah.A trash movie...
1,This isn't right.
1,Tom Hanks really has no end to his acting...
1,It's a really fun movie
1,I'm so touched.
1,It's so calm
5,Don't you think life is too easy?
6,...an exciting trip to American modern history with a fool
