천녀유혼
6,It's just good, not to the point of making a fuss
6,Human beings are also popular in China.In Korea, we only know martial arts and ching channel mania.
2,The rating is too high.  Now that I see it, it looks like children'
1,It's a movie that's been postponed for decades because it's not strangely attractive. I am confident that I watched more movies than ordinary people, but the first movie I watched in my life that was not interesting even for a second was "The Ghost of Heaven." The worst...
6,It's childish now, but considering the times, it seems to be a pretty good work. It was good to see the prime days of Jang Kook-young and Yang Jo-hyun.
2,No fun. The story is so empty
6,I remember JIN JONG HYUN being so... Looking back at it after I got older, it was prettier than I thought. The story is a Chinese bizarre novel
1,Mano of a Man and a Woman with a Boy
1,country of input and return
6,It's kind of fun
6,Dynastic is the most beautiful. I could see it interesting considering that the technology was poor at that time.
1,Dynasties Hyun Jang Guk Young, pretty and cool. However, the rating needs to be adjusted
5,I watched it because my teacher told me that it was the best movie in my life. It wasn't funny. Jang Kook-young and Wang Dao-hyun's beautiful looks were obvious, but they couldn't be touched by their unfulfilled and mournful love
6,DONG HYUN's beauty covers up the sad story
2,The only value of this movie is the beauty of dynghyun
1,I'll have a double portion of jajangmyeonLOL
1,Let's adjust the rating.
2,It's a movie you can't find real fun. If you look at it now, Jinja is so childish. The blue light? Tell the kids to see it. It's been 98 minutes. I give you two points because of Jang Kook-young and Cho Jung-hyun.
1,Are you kidding me? These days...
6,Ost and the bath kiss scene are really beautiful
5,Why are people crazy about these third-rate martial arts movies? I don't get it.
6,Every time I watch this movie, I remember when I was young, I used to cover my sister's picture with a bookcase.The story of an impossible love between a ghost and a student
1,a childish Hong Kong film that is well-received by an actor
1,It's not my taste
6,I don't think it's touching because I saw it now, but it must have been fresh then I think it's kind of gross from time to timeㅜㅜ
5,The idea was good, and the actors who fit each role were casted, but the actors' acting was clumsy, and the characters lacked description, and the ending was clumsy.
1,Jang Kook-young and Cho Rong-hyun are pretty and cool, but this isn't it
6,Jang Kook-young and Dynastic... And boredom.
6,the noble Jang Guk-yeong and the beautiful dynastic county That's all.
6,Jang Kook-young, Dynastic County...And a little bit of classic fiction.The end
6,The cultural sensation of the late 80s and the sentimental memories of the two actors,
5,It's pretty inside the dynasties
3,There's nothing to like.
5,I looked forward to the classic masterpiece, but it's tacky. It's too old.
3,I showed a cold reaction to this movie
1,April 26th is awesome
1,What is it? Really
1,No matter how you look at it seems it is not.
1,What is it's...
1,What's this?
1,Let's send it back to the original location. It's fun, but this isn't number one.
1,Puppy-like charm
1,April 26th. Don't manipulate NAVER ratings
1,4.26 What happened to Naver?
1,Adjustment 1
1,Why did it suddenly become first place...Are you crazy?
1,Back to the original position!
1,I can't understand the high scores... Did you re-release your marriage? @.@
2,I remember that dynastic was so beautiful... ...but that's all.
1,rating adjustment
1,This movie is not going to win first place with a rating of 9.30! Need to adjust the rating!!
5,I don't recommend Chinese movies
1,I think your labor score is high
6,Maybe it's because it's such an old movie... I...It's just...
1,It's nothing.
6,The second one is the funniest
6,DONGHYUN was popular
1,not much
1,Lee Young Hwan, what is it?
6,What if a ghost that should be scared is so innocent and pretty?
6,To be honest, it's a movie that focuses on attractions, but Jang Kook-young is really cute.
1,I think the expectation was too high because of the good rating.ㅜㅜ
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,I don't think it was my cup of tea.
6,Jang Kook-young is so cute
6,a subtle mystique and coquettish dynasties Jang Guk-young, which you can't see anymore.
6,That strange humming music...
6,....It was okay
1,It's a good movie, but... It's an overly high score.
1,When is it going to turn off?
1,When I was young... I enjoyed watching it.
1,It's not fun
1,It's an interesting movie, but second place is a little... --;ㅡㅡ;
1,The movie is good, but I don't think it's the top ratingI'm going to peel it
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,The millionaire's first love is more touching
1,Well,,,
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
1,Did you have high expectations?
6,I don't remember clearly now.
5,Did I expect too much?;;
6,I guess my expectations were too high
1,To lower the rating
1,It's so much fun.
1,This kind of movie... It's well made to be No. 1, but I don't think it's No. 1.
1,We have to prevent the Jjangkae movie from entering the top 10.
6,There was no movie like this in this day and age
5,I guess the movie before '90 never suits me. It's worth seeing.
1,Top
1,What a ranking this is;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
1,The movie is not all about casting
6,Maybe it's because I'm not born to be married. Except for dynastic prefecture, there's not much...
4,Compared to the rumor, it's just...
6,DONGHYUN in the movie is a fantasy
5,Honestly, it stinks a lot.
6,The movie that put the pea pod on teenagers at that time
5,"Wang Jo-hyun is pretty" is not about the movie.
1,It's such a waste of time
1,-_- Good
1,This is really famous^^
5,I don't know what it was like when it was released in '87, but now... I don't know. It's coming.
1,Cho Hyun, you acted well
2,I didn't watch the movie, but I watched the cartoon, so 2 points
1,It's not good
1,Even now, I think dynghyun is pretty.
1,Why is the rating high? I'm speechless
1,This isn't right
1,Invalid due to poor fan management
1,Winnie the Pooh
1,1st place in grade? Isn't this a hoax?
1,It's a really good movie, but this is ridiculous
1,Which fan cafe are you from?Jang Kook Young? Wang Jo Hyun?
1,It doesn't make sense.
1,This movie is not bad, but stop manipulating Wang Jo-hyun fans. -_-..
1,Does this make sense?
1,I agree... 7 or 8 points are appropriate. Let's stop joking around
5,Why is the score so high? I don't like it.
2,The Soul of Man and the Blue Woman
6,It's worth watching
1,Is this fun? JINYOUNG's show
4,I think animation was more fun
3,martial arts enthusiasts,
1,not much
5,It's not just 10 points.
1,The level is...
6,It's worth seeing.
1,It's so boring
1,-- How can I get a good rating?
1,Stupid ghost stories.
6,The second half falls short of expectations.
5,It was worth watching until the kiss scene, but if it wasn't good from the end, Jang Kook Young is cute
5,As expected, JINYOUNG!
