가버나움
10,How can you measure the weight of your life? I burst into tears as I took the last picture with the smile on my facecrying
6,Capharnaum
10,It's like a mixture of emotion and anger.What a heartbreaking movie!The acting, the directing, the atmosphere are all great
10,
10,
2,Koreans are very strange. After watching that movie, I gave him a high rating as if he were a man. Is there a funnier irony than this? Koreans, isn't that movie production itself child abuse in your eyes? There is a scene where children smoke, but they don't accuse Koreans of child abuse movies after making a fuss? I'm sure Hitler will cry. You can't make a movie like that in Korea. Why, because for Koreans who are so racy and racy, the scene of child smoking in the movie itself is child abuse. Jung-jae, now I can't help but laugh when I see that you gave me a movie rating with your palm turned upside down. That movie is impossible to produce in Korea. Why, because of child abuse. It's horrifying to see how far-reaching and dog-mongering is. In Korea, production itself is impossible, but you should be ashamed to watch a foreign movie and give a high rating.
10,About despair and misery.
10,I hope there will be peace in the Middle East as soon as possible.
10,I feel sad and my heart feels heavy
10,
9,How can tears not come out of my eyes? It's sadder that it's not a long time ago, it's a reality now, and it's going to happen more
10,
10,
10,Rough, emotional, humane, and unlearned, but more righteous and wise than anyone else
10,
10,It's a sad movie because it's so realistic. The main character is so good at actingHaha
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a great movie
10,My heart ached the whole time I watched it.
10,웰메이드 영화
9,A story that may have been in Korea 70 years ago. I hope they have a better future than now
10,The biggest victims of the war are women and children.  May the world come where children are respected and loved
10,A movie that made me think a lot. The fact that it was not an easy problem to solve and that it was ongoing made me feel stuffy throughout the movie.I thought he was so good at acting while watching, but I was surprised that he was not a real actor.
10,It's so sad that it's hard to watch until the end. But I have no choice but to see it.The world is too harsh for a little kid. I watched it while choking up.
7,A movie that honestly reflects a life that rolls like a wheel and is trampled like a bug
10,I think this is the first time I have been greatly impressed by a movie.
10,Irresponsible bottom poor kids just tears?
10,the extravagance of expression I don't think I can do that if I'm in my own situation. Zain! That's great
9,I turned it off because I was so tired.The rating is a small cheer for Syrian refugees.
9,More, more, more reality, which is still going on.Not a movie, but a documentary
10,I recommend you watch it right away.
9,It is a movie about social problems in various global villages, and I was shocked to know how my friends in the Middle East lived while watching this movie.I hope that many welfare systems that reduce this kind of work will be operated by the country.
10,My heart was pounding after the movie.A movie that makes me ashamed of myself as an adult.
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,
10,A movie that you must watch once in your life. A movie that reminded you of the greatness of the basics. Jonas is so lovely...
1,Syrian version of Park Hwa-young is the worst
10,a movie that is touching in everywhere
10,Parents who don't take care of their children are guilty
9,It's a movie that makes you feel that there's no direction beyond reality
10,a smile while taking a picture of one's ID card The only smile in the movie at the end...a poignant movie
10,
10,
10,A movie that I watched while crying
10,This is a must-see movie and a reality to face.
10,The reality is sad that it won't be more than this and less miserable
10,Early marriage, drugs, child abuse, war crimes. I respect the director of society who captured the other side of society in only two hours with emotion
10,If you wanted to give a hug to the main character, that's too bad
10,The perfect movie.
10,This is what a movie is like.
10,It's my life work. After watching this movie, I can't lament why my life is like this There are so many people who are struggling more than me
10,I watched the movie thanks to my daughter. My heart feels heavy.I think I have to look at it one more time to leave something behind, so I'll look at it one more time slowly and leave a review of the complex emotions that come from my heart.
10,Is it God's play to have a baby born where it shouldn't be for those who desperately want it?
10,
10,It reminded me of the truth of the movieI think I saw the reason for the existence of the film and the direction that the true film should pursue
10,A movie to remember even after 50 years
10,A movie that you want to look away, avoid, and pretend you didn't see!The heartbreaking reality of children suffering from adults' mistakes!  If there's a qualification examinations...
9,It is surprising that the situation of children's rights in Lebanon, once called Paris in the Middle East, is this much. It vividly captures the poor social life of illegal immigrants from Syria and Africa, and the miserable human rights of children and adolescents, including early marriage of an 11-year-old girl and children with no birth records. Those mindless parents deserve to be sued anywhere in the world!!!
6,To be honest, I was not as sad as I've ever been, so I was not moved. Everything seems relative. But I like the last line of Zain. I think God wants man to be trampled.
10,A movie where you can feel the emotions in your expression. It is a heartbreaking and thoughtful movie.
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,
10,It's such a heartbreaking and heartbreaking movie.
10,
10,I don't think this movie can be described as funny or boring If you think of it as a fun element, it may not be that good, but it is a movie that delivers a lot of things, and it seems to convey a message in the reality that it is selfish to rely on each other even in difficult situations
10,It makes me rethink the medium of movies.
10,While I was watching, I thought, "It's heartbreaking because it's actually happening," but I'm angry that the children in the situation played it, how selfish, cruel, and ignorant we are living without knowing anything about what's happening on the planet.
10,A movie that I watched with more anxiety than a horror movie.My eyes are tearing up after it's overI want to bawl, but I can't.Maybe it's because of the message the movie wants to deliver...
10,Heartwarming movie..
6,I got emotional when I pulled the water bottle
10,It's so sad...
10,I didn't think much about it, but it's filled with social problems that leave a deep and strange impression.And the child actor's acting and charm were impressive, so it was a relief that I could see it personally
10,The weight of life that is truly conveyed...
10,
10,A movie that helped me pay more attention to the immigrants around me
10,Zain is laughing, but why am I crying? crying
6,
10,I've seen a lot of movies about poverty, but it makes the rest look like bourgeoisie. He took pictures with a handheld camera as if he was observing himself like a documentary, but his immersion was amazing. The echo of his first and last laughter is also quite great.
8,The story consists of two axes. The part that can be insufficient in storytelling is doubled in meaning by persistent exploration of life in the two worlds. And above all, it is his own acting that brought the film to a high level. I feel more shocked that I was a refugee, not an actor. On top of that, how baby Jonas is so good at acting... ...Rahill smiles brightly at Jonas, revealing what the director wants to say (actually, too explicitly).
10,It's a movie that you want to give a life to people who haven't thought about what it means to give a life
10,It's a must-see piece.
10,I don't think it's the first time I've felt this lingering feeling. He's a fool, and he always forgets. I should make a resolution of my life instead of ending it after watching a touching movie.
10,A movie we should see discussing spoons. Zain, who was cut by a crumbled and broken wooden spoon, had a tenacity to be a good person. There was also an obsession with life. There was a lot to learn from the appearance of Jain who was not weak. Rather than hoping for the end of appearance, academic background, money, and the earth, I should be a person who finds and bumps into what I can do like myself, lives my life, learns from better people, sees and gives to less fortunate people.
10,Reflection, touching, admiration, pity
10,진짜 리얼하게 촬영하는 것 같아요. 주인공과 주변 사람들을 통해 감독의 의도가 무엇인지 알 수 있었고, 감동적이었다.
1,Boring.
10,A movie that showed that this world exists. It makes me think again about the life of refugees
10,Jain looked more comfortable in prison.For them, the child is a labor force, a thing to sell, so they're going to keep having children.Ugh.
10,Your smile made me cry
10,The movie that I couldn't watch because I was afraid it would hurt my heart, I leave it in my heart belatedly.
10,I think the smiling person will keep the past and rise again. The fact that this isn't just a novel...It makes me look at myself more
10,Life is OO. Life is hell
10,After watching the movie, I think it was a good thing to watch. I'm done sleeping today.
10,My worst is like a normal routine for them.A movie that makes me reflect on myself a lot
10,You have to be happy.crying
10,I was looking at it with mixed emotions...At the end, I ended up crying...
10,
10,A movie that resonates and touches people's hearts about what humanity is. The realistic description was overwhelming enough to make it seem like a documentary.
10,
10,Sowing seeds knowing it's going to be hard. Animals can bite and kill if they have babies in that environment. How can they fight without contraception? No wonder only children are pitied and adults are being sued. I want to bring up a very smart and wonderful kid like that
10,It's my first time to write down a movie rating. I cried and laughed all the time watching the movie, and I was overwhelmed with indescribable emotions. It was a movie that will remain in my heart forever.
10,
8,It is heartbreaking to see a mother who gives birth to a child without countermeasures and sends her daughter to marry at the age of 11, and a mother who is worse than her son, who wants to have a daughter dead and have a daughter.
10,The reason we're alive is because of interest. To be alive to look back on the neighborhood. I won't forget Jardine's eyes and smile. It breaks my heart the whole time I see it, and I don't have the courage to see it again, but it made me realize that we must look around and live... a movie of one's life
10,I was thankful to the director who made this movie.I couldn't sleep because I was so touched.The saddest and most painful movie I've ever seen.
10,All this fault lies with the adults Especially for politicians
10,
10,At the end, I was shocked when it came out that actors actually cast refugees and people who were struggling on the streets. It was so heartbreaking that actors were not cast in really wealthy families, but people who were really suffering acted as actors (in a way, they showed their lives as they were, not acting).
10,The movie is over, but I can't stop crying The reality hurts so much, the land hurts so much... But I'm so thankful that I can relate to the pain in the hearts of many people by making this movie
10,The best movie of my life. Even if I watch it three times, I'm not
10,
10,If you don't watch it, you'll lose your life
10,
10,I wondered how he could act so well, but he wasn't a child actor and he was actually a refugee.crying
10,The movie that I watched with tears in my eyes... I hope the children who act in real life will be truly happy
10,I felt the gratitude of my life
10,I can't believe I'm not an actor who thinks about me in the middle of work
10,
9,
10,My heart aches to tears
8,
10,
9,
10,Some children in the world have a happy Children's Day and some on the other side of the globe have a hell of a day.
10,It is a movie that makes you see from the child's point of view beyond the difficulties and selfishness of parents, and you realize that the best love and respect, not the best, is truly the most precious value that a baby needs.
10,Shocking but touching. No, more
10,Are you crazy, human?
10,A must-see movie! Recommend.
10,A movie that every adult in the world should watch.
10,It's just a great movie. I'm getting emotional towards the end
10,
10,
10,A movie that has no choice but to have a high rating.a movie that doesn't require a part-time job
10,Although my life did not do my best, I always appreciate that excuses, laziness, and happiness were with me.
10,After watching this movie, I talked about the reason why celebrity Kim Min-kyo lives without children on the show. I heard that I didn't see people who wanted to give birth from a child's perspective, so I sympathized a lot with this movie. It makes you feel it. She's not giving birth for her baby, she's just thinking about herself. It is a pity that a country that lives without it should be educated to get out of the yoke.
10,More miserable hypocrisy and lethargy to know that you are an adult but will do nothing but watch movies
10,May all the children in the world be happy.
10,The movie points out that you live a hard life somewhere on the ground. It shows for hours where I've never been from far away. It's dark, and the boy's face is darker.
10,I wanted to hug Jain when he was next to me.
9,Ja-in's performance where he slapped the audience in the last scene. May everything go smoothly in his life.
10,Can I rate this movie?
10,The greatest movie in the world.
9,The birth of a family. Two hours of pain is compensated by an epilogue.
10,I hate the reality that made a 12-year-old child think he would accuse his parents.
10,I was afraid that a bad adult here would abandon the baby because he might steal the money
10,Please don't give birth to a baby without thinking It is child abuse from the moment you are born. Your parents are proving you're a pig. I'm angry.
10,The gap between reality and the last ID photo. I saw the lives of people and refugees why this movie is a masterpiece. This made the welfare workers look great and my selfishness insignificant.
10,If you really want to look back on your life, you have to watch it at least once, and through this movie, you will think that not everyone is living a happy life yet a movie of one's life
10,It's such a good movie
10,A movie that makes you think a lot...I have met refugees in person, so I think of them more and my heart aches.
10,I don't appreciate my life. Self-reflection
10,I saw the height of poverty. a movie that was very sad but made people laugh everywhere
10,
10,
10,Who made the children cry? We know the answer is in the tears we shedding tears
10,I can't express it in wordsㅠㅠT
10,It was heartbreaking because there were many people who were in a sad and difficult environment to the point of tears. I hope you grow up in an environment where you can have a better life through movies
10,I wonder if it was just me who seemed most comfortable when he was in prison.
10,Zain, who had a dark gray face throughout the running time, saw the smile in the last scene and felt that he was originally a really pretty child. The world would have taken away a smile. A truly shocking last smile. It's a masterpiece.
10,I hope it will be a world where all children can smile brightly like the last scene of the movie.
10,My heart was relieved by the smile of the last person, which I had felt sad all the time. Make sure you watch it
10,It's a heart-warming movie.Compared to those kids, we have so much that we still want more.It's something that adults must look at and deeply reflect on.I strongly recommend it.
10,Can we just dismiss this as a refugee film? The world is already hell and heaven for someone. Don't lean on religion and cry for help. If this world is business, realize like a boy, and live right, fighting against evil instead of sympathizing with it. The establishment of the past will be wiped out of this world. And I hope that parents whose lives are pain and tragedy can never expect happy children. The surface is talking about refugee issues, but it's a film that gives insight into the lives of all mankind, everyone. I hope a lot of people will watch it.
10,
10,It's been a while since you saw this movieI pray that God's mercy and grace will be in the lives of the people who made this movie, the protagonist Zain, and the children there♡
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,
10,Can we talk and act like ourselves in the same situation? It's an excellent production and performance that melts various issues such as refugee and child abuse, lack of system, and human rights issues. I strongly recommend it.
9,Is there another movie that is more heartbreaking and pathetic? Based on a true story, it is a movie about the hellish life of Syrian refugees without exaggeration or distortion. After watching this movie, any human being will feel deep empathy and guilt.
10,Project Florida in Lebanon
10,
9,Lesson: Let's not give birth without covering it. I should be thankful that I was born in Korea, but it was a little boring and depressing in the middle, but at the end, there was a twist and it made me emotionalIt gives me goosebumps that one life comes when one goes
10,I didn't dare to sympathize with their pain because I hadn't even experienced it. But my heart aches and tears all the time I see it. The parents of Ja-in, who gave birth to several children without taking proper care of their children, and Ja-heel, who tried not to give up Jonas despite bad requirements, are compared.
10,I thought it would be nice if everyone was happy in this world.Especially if it's a world where children don't suffer
10,I was deeply moved by the great shock I felt in the environment opposite to the world I live in and the way I tried to overcome the adversity
10,The tears that I held back from the last smile came to my eyes
10,I hope that the actor who plays Jain will continue to be an actor What a natural actor ㅠㅠㅜ
10,When Jain smiles at the end... I don't think I've seen you laugh throughout the movie. They're supposed to be innocent smiles.
8,It sometimes seems excessive to show the reality of terrible poverty, but it is still enough to be shocked. Children performing so naturally are impressive.
10,an immature parent
10,
9,Humanity should reflect on the reason why some people call natural basic rights a miracle to others, are called miracles.
10,The weight of a child's life shouldn't be this hard
10,While adults crumble at the same ordeal, children bear their share of the adult
10,So sad and beautiful eyes.Make sure to watch it this winter.
10,Jonas Zain wasn't an actor ㅜㅜ... I'm so angry with your parents that my heart is about to explodeMy heart races when I see Jain and Jonas' cuteness ♡♡ Be happy in the future, angels ♡♡
1,It was the worst
10,The love song of an actor who plays Jain makes life more painful.
6,No one knows what's going on in the Middle East
10,A movie where my complaints, worries, and hardships make me ashamed
10,It's so realistic that it breaks my heart
10,
10,Zain and Jonas are equally poor and difficult children, but there is a clear difference between the two.  Parents' indifference is what makes life more impoverished than poverty, war, or racism. If you're going to raise an unloved child, don't give birth. Isn't that what he wanted to say until the end?
10,Even if you forget everything else, you won't forget your smile
10,
10,A movie that made me reflect on my life and gave me a way to live in the future
8,I thought it was an obvious, poverty-selling movie, but it's not. More than half of the people are born in hell.
10,
10,Throughout the movie, I got goosebumps, and tears came from the laughter of the last person.The reality and true acting impressed me deeply
9,
10,
10,The best movie I've seen this year is 10 points.
10,They say it's a movie, but it's not a movie
10,The best movie of my life!
10,
10,The lingering feeling of the movie is painful
10,I was really immersed in it. The members are so good at acting. It's a movie that makes me think a lot. It's my life movie. Thank you.
10,The difference between an adult and a child stems not from responsibility but from the ability to take responsibility
10,
10,
10,Life now is heaven if I don't complain.It makes me reflect on my greedy life to have more. Sad eyes and a smileless expression looked pitiful the whole time, but Ending's smile is just a pure child.Thank you.
10,When I blew out the cake instead of Jonas, it seemed like his expression, the whole universe...
10,It's an extreme reality show to call it actingSo a very sad reality...It must be a lame video, but it was a movie that stood out with the directing beauty that you couldn't turn a blind eye to.To me
10,For someone, I felt contradictory and alien, looking at the reality that I encounter every day from the perspective of the audience and shedding tears endlessly. A film that you dare not judge.
10,It was the first time I cried because I was so sad I hope you watch it. You'll appreciate everything we've been given for granted I hope the world will be protected by everyone
10,
10,Sometimes there are movies that I don't understand on Naver movie rankings, but I agree with Gavanaugh. It's really impressive. Not to mention the cinematic fun of course... if you want to watch a heartbreaking and poignant movie, I recommend Gavanaugh
10,
10,Another movie of my life.And... Jonas is so cute.
10,It seems to give a lot of nuance in life.I respect the director who made a good movie.Thank you for what you've got.Also, I need to walk on the right path.
10,I think it is the most ideal movie. I cried a lot while watching the movie that many people felt, were moved, and helped them with their power
10,After the best movie in my life, I felt the great power of a movie that burst into tears after watching a standing ovation video at the Cannes Film Festival.
10,Love is the responsibility of a child who has never learned to love
10,The movie that made my heart ache all the time I watched it, I want everyone to watch it...
10,I cried because I was moved to hear that life was hellYou remind me of a person who was born to be loved
10,It hurts deep in my heart
8,Why are you giving birth without responsibility? have a headache
10,the best movie
10,I lost track of time. I really want to recommend it to all adult men and women. If you are going to be a parent in the future, please watch this movie and have a sense of responsibility We also need to think about how much butterfly effect can be generated by the pleasure of the moment of adults I thought about it very carefully I don't think we should just blame the refugee problem, but we should come up with a realistic alternative  And she's so good at acting.I'm not a child actor, but I'm surprised that it's actually a refugee cast.I can't believe I'm watching this now.
10,It was only then that I could breathe when I saw the last smile of Zain. But it still hurts to think that more children, refugees, and illegal aliens will suffer. It is one of the masterpieces that made this fact so vivid.
8,
10,
10,It would have been better if this was just a movie story, but the fact that it's happening somewhere on Earth still makes me angry after watching the movie, and I'm ashamed that those parents aren't my parents there
10,
10,On the other hand, I was proud of Jamal, who was struggling in the harsh reality, and felt bitter.
10,
10,Without much expectation, I didn't know what it was about, and I happened to see this movie and I just lost what to say  It allows you to feel cool and frustrated at the same time with every word of the main character child. It's a movie that has a lot of aftereffects
10,
10,I felt like I had a rock on my chest the whole time.
10,Some families are violent in their very existence
10,A child is not a parent. Parents also become true parents through the process of becoming parents. Human beings are not all human beings. A human being who only conceals and gives birth is nothing more than an animal that reproduces frequently for pleasure. These humans are sociopaths and psychopaths who do not sympathize with the pain of others and children more closely. Through this movie, I look back on the recent horrific incidents of child abuse. For a healthy society through the promotion of children's human rights, I think the perpetrators of child abuse are those who need treatment for family life and protective isolation for the safety of others and children, a small unit of society.
10,ㅠㅠ I'm touched. an individual in the five fingersIt's a masterpiece
10,
10,It's such a good movie.
9,It's like a documentary
10,At the end, the scene where Zain smiles when he takes an ID photo made my heart sink It's a movie that makes you feel that your worries and worries are small things in your life
10,My heart was wet with Jain's eyes.
10,
6,It's just the power of a true story and an actor, but there's no impressive production at all
10,If the director's version comes out, it will have to end in the Beirut explosion
10,Look, my environment is changing
10,a film that makes 0.46 percent of humans incomprehensible
10,Wow, I wish this was a movie. Yeah, it's a movie. This is the movie.
10,Is there our happiness in such things as money, house, fast car, woman's reputation, social status?
10,
10,Children are innocent and adults are guilty. I doubt if I think God exists even after seeing this.
10,If life was like a flower to all children,
10,I can eat, sleep, and lie down.Thank you.
10,It's a masterpiece that I can't say anything about. Shimema Heaven is my top movie, but it's tied for first place
10,A story of a 12-year-old who is more mature than me, living in reality.
10,The movie that made me think a lot...The movie that I watched with my friends' recommendation without any special information.It is a pity that there is no such good movie theater.
10,cool
10,A sad movie. Sad movie.
10,I think this movie is the best. In fact, even the actors were realistic enough to cast children in the third world, who lived close to the reality in this movie, on the street.Despite their lack of acting experience, I think it was possible because they contained their reality. Even the content I think is too seriously good and valuable a movie. I'm not going to spoil it, but if you haven't, make sure to watch it. Really. It's so. I want to make a movie like this.Make sure you watch it. Anyway... I don't have anyways
10,a life-time movie that makes one cry
10,I recommend it. It was impressive
10,My favorite movie!
10,
9,If you can't take responsibility, you shouldn't have a baby. It's similar to the 5th and 60s in Korea
9,a movie that shows the reality in plain sight
10,
10,I think I've been singing all this time.You have to work hard. I heard you're a real refugee. I hope you grow up to be happy
9,a film based on a true story about the reality of poor countries
10,
10,I thought how accidental life was.  When I'm depressed about being left behind, someone else somewhere is living in an environment where it's hard to find respect for life. We talk about life where we can do something with effort, but I think how fictional and vain hope it is. How coincidental is the fact that when I am simply born here and take this comfort for granted, some people are threatened with survival simply by the fact that they were born there. I'm not saying that I appreciate and recognize my good fortune. The story is not that their lives in eternity are unhappy or that they feel sorry for them.  the coincidence of life It was a movie to think about how absolute it was. I couldn't make an impression throughout, and I was angry and sad, but I could have pity on how fragile their lives or my life were.
10,I learned and felt many things through myselfThe last scene where I smile lasts for a long time
10,Please watch it. Please watch it마지막 I cried when the last jane laughed Really loudly
10,I'm sorry, Zain.
10,It's my first time to write a movie score. It's a movie that lingers for a long time after watching it. There's a different point to watch than commercial movies. The realistic production and immersion that makes you hold your breath and appreciate it are unrivaled, and when the ending credit goes up, the unknown emotions that come from deep inside come out. I think it's not a movie, but a story of the side of the world we live in.
10,I can't even say that I'm really good at acting. Because it was their lives
10,I wish you happiness in front of you.I just want everyone else to be happy.
10,Please get out of here.Recently, I have been on the news often, and this movie reminded me of it again.I cried like crazy
10,This is so touching. But it's so depressing.
10,It's a heartbreaking movie. I can't forget the sad eyes of the main character
10,For a French movie, a very well-made movie, child actor, and acting skills are amazing. It's a movie that makes my heart ache
10,Poverty is like the most painful punishment that slowly kills the body and mind.
10,A movie that I dare not add. The sight of Jonas holding him and taking care of him as best he can makes adults feel ashamed of his irresponsible attitude
9,Poor movies make you humble. It's hard to live looking down. They didn't do anything wrong. The problem is the adults who didn't learn... At least let's not be hypocrites.
10,I got to know you through the recommendation of Ms. Park Cho-rong, who appeared on the video trip last week.As a result of watching the movie, as an adult, I'm sorry and sorry.  Dear little angel, of course, I watched it on U+TV as an oil service.I was so touched that I could not waste 67,000 won.  I enjoyed the movie.Park Cho Rong, fighting!
10,The reason why I want to be a missionary, the reason why I do intermediary training.
10,How dare I judge their lives
10,Our lives are cruel.
10,
10,I shudder with guilt the whole time I've been watching... A movie where my heart gets ripped off... When you smile... I can't help but cry.
10,Why should a 12-year-old child look so tired? Whatever it is, adults are at fault. The back of my head tingled with the line, "Children living there die only when they get sick."
10,
10,The whole time I watched, my heart was covered with pain. His own life was too much for him to exist. Even now, other people will live like this.
10,I feel so sorry for the children who are suffering from having so many children that they won't be responsible for, and I think we should be alert to these problems
10,The lives of those we saw were reality, not screens.
10,
9,Preparedness, realism, and realism win
10,
1,
10,I watched it because the reviews were high When I watched the movie once, my heart was so sad and when I watched the second time, I cried a lot.It's based on a true story and it breaks my heart to think of young children who are still living such hard lives
10,I am ashamed of my complaining life. Actors, everyone who made this movie come out in the world, I pray that you live happily ever after. A must-see movie in your life
10,20 minutes into the main character and cheered for his life until the end
10,
10,A movie that is honest and sad. a life-grateful movie
9,
8,What is life as a human being a human being?
10,Poverty destroys the soul of man
10,The director and the real actor were the best
10,I almost cursed the parents who had children again
10,
10,It is highly complete because it expresses what you were passionate about in a movie. It is the first time that I have seen the making film right after watching it.
10,
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. It makes me rethink my life.I recommend it
10,
10,
9,It proceeds calmly without any time to be sad or heartbroken. A place where dignity as a human being is lost without even the boundary between an adult and a child. I can't even imagine the weight a child will carry in a place like this
10,It was touching to see the child take care of him. Overall, the acting was good, and it was a movie that made me think again.
9,The lesson from the ending was a bit smaller(?) than I expected, but overall, it was very attractive, so I lost track of time I think I was more immersed because I knew that the actor who played the role of Jain was "Jain"
10,May all children in this land grow up to be respected and loved.
10,Who do you blame and curse at? There is only a sense of shame and helplessness about myself standing here and not being able to do anything. What a great life they are to curse their parents in that situation. Who knows how to do nothing worse than cheap sympathy and only blame?
9,The last time the child laughed, he criedIf you can't take responsibility, don't raise him, don't give birth. What nonsense is that when God takes one and gives one?
10,A bitter, painful, and sad movie...
10,With the opportunity to watch such a movie, what role can we play to present miracles to children?
10,Thank you for giving me a big lesson and a thrill.
10,It's dark and sad. The sight of the young soul suffering even impoverished my mind. In the process of calmly solving it, I just feel sad.  The arguments made by the child born were justified, convincing and sympathetic enough. It was a movie that made me feel that there is no God, that if there is, it is a useless God. In the last scene, I realized that I knew this child would laugh, too.
10,an accidental movieAs a mother raising a son of a similar age, the life of a refugee suffering from complicated emotions and civil war is so heartwarming that it lingers all day long
10,I hoped it wasn't a true story of the actors who play the role, but no matter whose story I wrote, there are many people who are real.
8,
10,
10,
10,
10,It's touching. Make sure to watch it.
10,
10,The smile of Mazimza Zain is long to be remembered
10,I sat there for a long time after the movie was over. It was so sad that Zain might have been helped, but children like Zain would still be dying in the midst of war.
10,I can't believe I can only give you 10 points.
9,We worry about living a better life, but they worry about living.
10,I remember children suffering anywhere in the world right now
6,The process by which the fairies make a final struggle at the end of the thunderbolt. If it was a documentary, I would have given 10 points. I don't think it's 10 points for a movie.
10,Isn't it a documentary where you can see Nam Joo acting well? I can feel how grateful I am to live in Korea.
10,I've never seen such a depressing movie before that I can't take my eyes off two childrenI want to go around the world and make a donation and live my whole life
10,The audience was able to feel the liveliness of the Syrian refugee child as he/she was told to express the pain and frustration he/she felt in reality, not acting. There are worse and worse conditions of poverty, but a precious film that makes you feel pity and self-reflection despite the minimal expression as a film
10,It's a movie that can't be expressed in words
10,It's so cruel that I can't watch it twice
10,
10,It's a movie that makes me realize that being a parent also needs qualifications.Parents who have no ability to raise them are so busy fulfilling their sexual desires that they can't think about the consequences of their selfishness.Children born are guilty of meeting parents who aren't like their parents.May condominium supply and contraceptive education be activated in those poor countries.
8,I thought his acting was so realistic.There was a reason.^&^
10,
10,I think a movie that is realistic and makes you want to practice immediately after appreciation is a good movie in this genre. When you watch this movie, you just can't say anything, and in fact, the lives of the actors and the lives in the drama were not much different, so it makes you want to give immediate help, such as the Gavanaugh Foundation.
7,A good movie doesn't suggest how to save the world
10,Zain is better than his father His father is pessimistic that his children are caught by his ankles and that his spine is bent But he tried his best to protect his sister and Jonas Even though he didn't keep it until the end, he was the best father in the world I applaud you   I think it's a masterpiece
10,
10,Touching. Touching. Touching. Touching
10,My heart was burning and I was going crazy
8,The child's expression represented the whole situation.
10,I love your acting. With a child's sensibility, life is pure but just... I support and support you who worked hard in front of your life. For a better life... To happiness~~^^*
10,It just breaks my heart.I wonder if there are many children who are not cared for even though they have a large population.I hope there will be a world where we can spread our hopes
10,
10,You watch for 20 minutes, smoke for 20 minutes, smoke for 20 minutes, smoke for...
10,It breaks my heart to see you being so realistic. My heart aches.
9,I cried because there was no answer. When life started from a high place, when it crashed endlessly, I just thought, "Floor, underground, gutter from the start." No word came out. I felt as if I had become a human being before death.
10,After learning about the behind-the-scenes of the casting, I felt the reality heavier and the crazy acting skills were understandable. Movie is about taste, but I hope everyone watches this movie.
10,When Jain and Jonas parted ways, my heart was touched.I was proud and amazed to see him do his best to the baby until the end when life was too much for him to say
10,If Lebanon is like that, how much worse is Ethiopia trying to stay here illegally?We look back not only on the rich but also on contraception and population.
10,It hurts, but this is reality.
10,
8,Even if you are poor, you can give love and have the right to have children, but please give birth to a life you can take responsible for. I oppose abortion because it is also a sin not to have a pregnant child.
10,I feel so sorry for Zain. And he's responsible. Cool... I'm sadder because it's a true story
10,
10,A story of survival that is different from Korea happening on the other side of the globe. The main character's performance is touching. While watching the movie, it was heartbreaking to think of our lives living in Korea, which is unstable and unreasonable, than the life of the child who is threatened with survival due to the absence of his parents. Nevertheless, the movie calmly shows that the morning comes as if nothing happened. It's as if you're telling me that mornings are bright and life goes on regardless of whether I'm having a hard time or not. Cruel.
10,My heart aches from beginning to end. A boy who wants to be loved.
10,
10,It's so touching I really recommend it!
10,After "Cinema Heaven," which I watched when I was young, everyone was able to experience similar stimulating and interesting movies, but it's been so long since I saw a movie that made my heart flutter
10,I can't forget Xyle's smileㅜㅜ
1,The director is Muslim, so he focused on poverty, but Islam is the problem after all.
10,It's great that a kid on the street, not an actor, learned to actA movie with a good story. It's been a while. I watched a good movie
10,The message to our young people living in a time of materialism and abundance is huge.Everything must be done with responsibility and effort, and nothing can be gained.It's a heartbreaking movie and I'd highly recommend it if everyone saw it
10,Phew... I'm upset. Really. Kids have to dream
10,I thought that he was a child who grew up in good clothes and loved by his parents. He was young, but he acted really well, so I watched him comfortably, but he was a refugee. It made me think again about refugees who thought it was only a matter of others, and I think there are many people like me because of this movie, and I think it will be a very meaningful movie for them
10,Even though I cried throughout the movie, Jain with a calm expression sent Jonas and I cried a lot...
10,
10,
10,
9,Be humble. Be thankful for what you have rather than complain about what you don't have.  I'm embarrassed.
10,It's a movie that expresses reality in a clear way. I thought the main character's expression was too real to call it acting, but it was a child who actually experienced it. In the act of not betraying the responsibility given to him, he felt that he was more mature than an adult.
10,
10,같은The same country has lower human rights for women.
10,Rather than using the charity's entertainers to force publicity, a movie like this...
10,She's such a pretty girl who can smile like this.Parents are the ones who steal laughter from this child.I don't know if a 12-year-old's head should look like that. feel suffocated
10,Why are people made so uncomfortable? Why is it so hard for us to grow up to be 'good people' alone? Why does it seem impossible for humans to become better people without care and love? I had a lot of thoughts while watching the movie.
10,Let's not be irresponsibleYou're all parents just because you're giving birth?
10,The story of our world, so harrowing and so sad. But I'm glad Jonas is alive.
10,It's a realistic story.
1,Grading for reduction due to excessively high
1,That's too much
7,It's more heartbreaking because it's a true story. Instead, parents' tears flow
10,Many people who watched the movie would have thought like this. Poverty is the problem. Or a country that has failed to protect its people is a problem. Or irresponsible parents are the problem. There are many things like that, but I think so.  Now, do you think that material abundance and development bring us happiness? Anyone can paint a picture that if they were born to good parents, they would be happy if they were educated, if they worked hard and made a living. Zain is a Syrian refugee who came to Lebanon. Damascus, the capital of Syria, has long been a hotspot between the Middle East and Europe since ancient times. For a long time, the selfishness of complex and insidious humans has made Syria a hell of a situation now, as everyone knows. Lebanon, where Jain lives, is also under Western control, but it does not seem to be a different situation.  You may think it strange to say this, but you're lucky. He went to the media to sue his parents and filmed and became known. Can I say that people who became the scenery around Jain in the movie are better than Jain? The same is true. People who are still struggling outside the film had no choice from birth. Those who are lucky to be born in a good place on the same planet spend, eat, feel happy, and dream of greater satisfaction, while those people live in an "uncomfortable" miserable reality in poor conditions. It is a serious imbalance. What's more miserable will be solved by economic development or world order, good policies of the country! The simple idea of can never solve it. It is already shown through numerous evidence. The beautifully wrapped power and the power of the state, business, and military are violence, resulting in so many misfortunes.  Whether it's religion, struggle for rights, or reckless development, people are dying amid human greed and mutual neglect. Life is breathless but soulless. What about Dane? I don't mean to believe in religion. It's just that we're so
10,I've been feeling bitter all day Woollim is big. Live a happy life
9,I hope there will be no more pathetic parents who are poor and make their children get better and suffer.
10,It really resonates
10,It's one of the must-see movies.Make sure you see how natural the acting is. I'd like to thank everyone who made the movie and acted. As in this movie, I hope that comfort and stable lives are waiting for those who are still in extreme difficulties.
10,
10,
1,The movie was good, but the rating of 9.54 is too high, so 1 point for average adjustment
10,It's a movie that I can't express in words
10,It interprets time and space from the perspective of acting, the expression of being a child, life in Lebanon, and children and women.It's always painful and shocking.
10,It's a sad reality.
10,The movie that should be shown to Korean society, which is criticizing Joker's birth rate as falling
10,A murderous movie. Like parents who just buy kids without a plan, or animals who pay for kids. I feel so bad for Zain and I'm so proud of him. ㅠㅠ
10,
10,A film dedicated to all parents in the world. What do you want from your parents? It was so impressive to see the 11-year-old main character answering to the judge's question, "Please don't let me have a baby."
10,I can't believe what happens to the same person on the same planet is right. I found meaning in the tears I shed endlessly.
10,A child's smile is an unforgettable movie of my life. It's a few inches above the Academy
10,I support your life with both hands
10,I watched it over and over again because the last Zain's smile was so pretty.It breaks my heart that reality is more cruel
10,
10,This movie is so realistic that it is painful throughout the movie. I learned from this movie that it is hard to watch with my eyes open.It's a heartbreaking and desperate movie. It's a movie that makes you cry and laugh together. I cried a lot while watching the movie. If I can recommend a movie to someone, I would recommend this movie.
10,War, poverty, bad habits... I pray that all of this will go away
8,
10,It's all a perfect movie.Not to mention the actors' performances, they're the best. I think it's going to be my favorite movie.
10,A movie I want to show to hypocrites
10,
8,Jjangkae and the Middle East and Africa are not places for people to live and are not people.
10,It's a true story. It's up to the parents to have a child. A child has never given up being a child. But society is not
10,I just wonder why this movie was not highly regarded.The beginning and end of the movie continue to make me feel gloomy and also make me think again about 'What is life?' And if you are becoming an adult, I want to see you more.The most important movie is the combination of three beats, which leaves a lingering impression even after a few days.
10,
8,Korean Protestant translation, Gavanaugh as the Bible sounds.Different pronunciations are inevitable from country to country, but it is not reasonable to forcibly call Kafarnaum "Geovernaum." Korea's Christianity does not have only Protestantism, and even Protestantism uses many other Bible editions besides this translated scripture.However, in Korea, there is a problem that only Protestant-interpreted Korean scriptures are cited in movies and novels regarding the Bible. This is also for proper understanding of Western humanities.It's quite disturbing.
10,It was very touching.A movie that everyone should watch
10,A movie that's not worth a hundred out of ten.There are so many people in this world.
10,Jonas, who grew up being loved by his mother but couldn't be with his mother, and Jain, who left alone without being loved by his parents, are heartbroken
9,- Please don't let me have a baby. - I don't think I'm going to have any more. - That baby in the boat is going to be born
9,
9,I was heartbroken from the beginning of the movie, so I divided it up several times. Every line of yours made me sad. In the end, I couldn't forget the child's eyes, so I watched them twice in a row.
10,A film that makes you reflect deeply on life.I can't forget my own eyes and tears.How many parents have children without responsibility?
10,I was so impressed and I think it's a must-see movie in my life.I strongly recommend you, fighting!
10,
10,The movie of my life that I saw a year later.
10,It was so touching, sad, sad, and heartbreaking
1,
10,
10,
10,Mom's mental triumph. Scared. Shocked by the self-acting, Jonas body
10,
8,I thought I picked a good child actor, but I was casted on the street
10,The world from the perspective of Zain and Rahill was so dark and hellish that I couldn't control my sadness throughout the whole time. Still, Zain and Jonas' parenting diary, trying to live somehow, made me smile like a father. I thought his acting was so real, but he's a refugee.It was a shock in that they were illegal aliens, and I admire the honest story that melted their hard lives and the director who directed everything brilliantly.
10,My heart hurt so much the whole time I watched it. I am so sad and angry that there are two hellish places without women's rights and children's rights in reality.
10,Yohas... So cute.ㅠ
10,It was such a sad movie. I hope you're happy
10,
10,For the first and last time, Zain smiles at himself for the first time. In fact, Zain must have waited so long for his existence to be recognized.
1,I think it's going to be foam.
9,a man born with a smile unlike othersI hope your future will be full of happiness.
10,Howling that we cannot turn away from where we turn away.
9,How a boy teaches an adult. It is a tragedy in itself
10,I didn't expect to cry at the ending scene.I have nothing to say...crying
10,After watching this, I became a bit shy that I eat well and live well in Korea
10,I should put aside cheap sympathy and think briefly about what I can do and act.My pain was a luxury and I lived like a dog pig.
10,It is the best movie of my life. Thank you so much for the good movie
10,I really want to recommend this movie.
10,Please watch things like this, not forced commercial movies Everyone...
10,
10,I can't forget the last look on my face. The life of a young child who was struggling to survive in irresponsible adults was desperate and painful. Are we not grateful for what we have even though we already enjoy a lot and are greedy for more?
10,The last scene was just...I was so sad that I cried
10,I think it's realistic and it's a movie that should be noted in society You did a great job
10,I think you showed the exposure of children to poverty and crime very clearly. It's a movie that makes me think a lot
9,I was so surprised that it was the real story of the main character. An unprotected refugee child living an adult life and their story in the blind spot of human rights.
10,It hurts.
10,I can't forget the expression of the last self.
7,You don't learn, you don't know what misfortune is, and happiness is relative...I think depression is a real rich man's disease
10,I can't help but be loved.
10,children whose acting is real Ishmael Bea's "The Way Home" book plus a movie that more people want to see.
10,I'm feeling overwhelmed.I hope all the children in the world can be protected and loved.
10,God only gives you a chance. Nothing more, nothing less, just looking...God gives many things but does not take them away. It's people who take it away. The smile of the last self was really a jewel in this movie.I feel like my past is all forgotten with just that smile of yours, and I think about God and maybe God gave me many things, but the most blessing of them is the smile... I think it's sending a small message of hope that not all mankind will be happy, but that they won't lose their smiles, and that there will be many social messages. In a world that is getting colder, the movie feels like every scene of the movie is stabbing the heart, just like its own lines.
10,Zane, you're the only one who's grown up.
10,It is amazing and touching that all these contents that give love and hope are true even in the face of infinite pity and misery. Realizing that a weak child can be greater, the youngest is so cute and lovely
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen If you were always happy, I would be happy
10,The heavy echo comes as a reflection on my life.Where is the god I believe in and that child's god headed now?
10,
10,
10,The main character is so good at actingWhen the main character cried, we cried together 슬I'm sad
10,I could feel the importance and misery of life at the same time, and I could feel grateful for the reality
8,For some, life itself is hell
10,
10,
10,
1,Thank you. My score is 1 point, too bad
10,Zain wasn't acting, it was life itself.
10,A place where even words of comfort and hope feel luxurious
10,a work of miracles Everything is great.
10,
10,How can I explain this feeling in a movie with a long lingering feeling?  A heart-warming movie hoping that Zain and the rest of the cast will be happy! Zain! Please come back as an actor!
10,Please watch this movie. It's a movie that I can't watch without tears. I felt like I had lived in a movie all the time."Mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife." That's from the bottom of my heart.
8,Frankly, it was surprising that there were still many irresponsible and stupid parents in this era who had no contraception and no plans to give birth. I liked the fact that it had a calm tone and camera angle
10,I couldn't control the feeling of being overwhelmed throughout the credit, so I cried my eyes out.
10,A heartbreaking, dreary, and lingering movie. Zain and Jonas, I wish all the cast members are happy.
10,People who don't take care of their children.Your eyes tell you a lot.
10,I saw a movie on U+ Uflix.Life is hell!!!
10,
10,It's heavy, and it's a lesson that hits my heart
10,It's the movie of my life movie.I hope everyone watches it.
10,Life is a pain
10,I'm saddened to think that kids my age are still living with a bigger burden than I am, because I cast them and made them look like they're actually selling things
10,
10,I feel sorry for the sad reality
10,The best movie, Zain's eyes, was acting that could not be done unless it was real
10,You think it's a parent if it's cheap, right?
10,
10,It shows that giving birth to a child in an unprepared social system home environment itself is abuse
10,ㅠㅠ A movie that I watched with tears in my eyes from the beginning to the end ㅠㅠ It was not just a common moving movie that had a lot of impressive scenes, but a really well-made movie
10,I feel like I'm falling apart.
10,I couldn't believe it was a child's performance.Heartbreaking movie but moved by the acting of two children
9,An adult worse than a child.A better child than an adult.The eyes of the tired man are the first.It's such a desperate hardship for a child to go through.
10,This is a movie. Thank you
10,
8,A movie that makes people who are dissatisfied with reality appreciate everything
10,The last twist proves why it's the best movieMy heart hurts so much and I keep thinking of the movie star, thank you.For living!
10,I hope you are happy. please.
10,It's a heartbreaking movie. I cried for over half an hour I can't get over it I wish the male lead a very, very good life
9,Zain is a smart, intelligent child. If he was born to a good parent, he would surely be a big success. You don't necessarily have to be rich and good to be a good parent. I think parents who sincerely care for their children and care for them with love are good parents. Jain's parents are the worst as parents. It was time to seriously think about the existence and role of parents when they told me not to have children
10,
10,Life movie that gave me a second thought about refugee issues, child abuse, and women's human rights. A man who forcibly married Sahar at the age of 11 and got pregnant and killed in two months later. A child without a birth certificate. wages not received for being an illegal immigrant I couldn't feel comfortable for a single moment while watching the movie. The movie made me realize that there are people who can't enjoy everything that I usually enjoy for granted.
10,
10,
10,Became one of my life movies. How can that little kid be so charismatic? Is it because I experienced the novelty of the world too early at that young age? The cool and indifferent eyes that seem to transcend the world that comes out of those eyes... That's incredible What about the production? The storyline is so perfect that there's nothing more to say
10,
10,I'm so embarrassed about the ID I get when I'm in jail for murder
10,
10,It was a movie that reminded me of the responsibility of my life.
10,I can't forget the expression of myself enduring the pain of life throughout the movie.
10,
10,
10,
10,I started watching the movie because I couldn't fall asleep at dawn. My heart ached so much that I cried my eyes out of coursecrying
9,I realized how simple I looked at the world. Throughout the movie, tears flowed not just because I was sad, but because my heart hurt so much. I couldn't laugh with Zain when he did.
5,It's a reality somewhere on the same planet that you don't want to believe, and there's probably a hell of a lot more. The acting and accusation of parents were awkward, but the main character's acting skills were surprising
10,I cried more because I remembered my cats from the street
10,My heart aches because of you who are somewhere else
10,
10,After watching it, I looked for reviews and actors
10,
10,I don't think it's a movie that I'm going to evaluate. My heart aches
10,
10,What is a real life of dignity, no matter how high a man of rank and honor, more dignity than his will to live?
10,I saw it twice! The main character's acting is the best.
10,At the end, I was impressed by the expression you smiled at. A child who could smile like that was living a life of hardship without facial expression
10,Capernaum masculine nouns [speech] where you put junk... There was a jewel.
8,It's sad, but I have to admit, that human rights depend on which parent they are born
9,It was so touching
9,I was shocked throughout the running time of the movie, but I felt a little relieved when I was blocked by his smile. A family received the Palme d'Or award, but it was said that the reaction was lukewarm in Japan, and I could see why.
10,a speechless film
9,Isn't a mother's breast the most basic and reasonable thing that should be given to a baby? It's so sad that the situation of the two children who were deprived of it
10,It was all the more heartbreaking because it was the reality that teenagers had to live without even having to receive compulsory education, get married as if they were being sold when their first period began, and fall asleep even if flies were stuck all over their bodies
10,ㅜㅜ I see the world again
8,In the last scene, when the cameraman tells me to smile, I feel the same way when I look at the smiling Zain, which makes the child sad and laugh, and eventually gives the message that he is an adult
10,Human beings who live for pleasure in an instant are animals, not humans
10,a wordless film Make sure to watch it
10,It was all the more touching because it was performed by refugee children, not actors. I felt ashamed of myself for complaining about reality.  It was the first time that God took one and gave one.
10,A movie with a strong echo... I couldn't swallow the snack I was going to eat while watching the movie.
10,The story of a child named Zain was realistic, and I was moved to see the scene where he delivered the love and affection he had not received from his parents to a child named Jonas.
8,I can't say anything All human beings are precious as they are
10,I feel the basic value of life and thankfulness for it again
10,I cried for the first time after watching the movie.
10,It is a hundred times better than a Korean New Wave movie to cry while playing sad music. It's a movie that makes you want to cry
10,A movie that I saw by chance! It hurts so much that I can't help but cry. A child cannot live without love and compassion. Looking at you reminds me of my childhood and I understand why I was attracted to abused children.
8,A movie that made me shed more tears at the smile of my last self.
8,It is not rice and water that Africa needs most support. It's a condom
10,This is the first movie that lingers in my life for so long. I can't forget the movie because I feel overwhelmed.
10,I can't control my beating heart.
9,I was able to laugh.
10,It's so sad and sad that it's not a made-up creation, but something that's happening in a country right now.As a baby mother, I cried and watched as I broke up with my mother, cried and fell asleep with hunger, and Jain was struggling to protect Jonas somehow.
10,It's a very, very well-made movie that really touches your heart. It's the world on the other side of the world, but it's the basic right of people who can be me, who can be our people, to live. Please look at it   Make sure to watch it
10,Even the loud cheering and appreciation for the touching feels extravagant.  I can't stop crying at the last laugh for a while.Still, thank you
10,It's hard for me to see a stone baby even as an adult, but with what kind of heart and responsibility did Zain take care of the baby?I hope all the children in the world grow up like children.I want to give you a hug saying you did a great job
10,I didn't cry a lot, but I didn't cry much.
10,A movie that makes you think of a lot of things
10,I was sad and laughed all the way
10,Acting prodigy. It's OOO. The baby
10,I should've seen this at the movies
10,My heart ached because Rahill's affection for his son Jonas felt like my heart. It's a great movie
10,I downloaded the movie a few months ago with my son who went to the army, and the son who was fiercely opposed to accepting refugees was sad and pitiful for the first time It reminds me of how surprised I was to hear that the children were real refugees. It was a good movie to watch with the children
10,It was a movie that I wanted to watch and give to my child. It's been a while since I saw a great movie
10,I cried and watched it again.  A son of Jonas' age is sleeping in the next room.  I'm going to give you a hug.
10,Yeah, this is really a movie
10,If you don't need to say anything, you have to get 10 points
10,The number one priority over healthcare and food aid is the supply of contraceptives
10,In my mind, I think the best movie of the year is Gavanaugh. It's just a pity that I'm behind in my extreme job.Garbernaum is more than a movie. It is a movie that anyone can watch at least once, regardless of the genre they like. I hope Zain is really happy.
10,There is always sorrow in the eyes of one's own. His expression is beating his chest.As Jain said, it feels like stabbing in the heart.I liked it because it was a movie that reminded them of their existence, not a common sympathy movie. At last, I cheer for myself who has lived my life as one.
10,Poor life and blackness
10,The highest rating I've ever seen, and I was wondering why, and I saw it on cable a while ago, and I only saw 140,000 of these masterpieces, and it should have been re-released
10,Revenge for life that doesn't even exist
10,I hope that the adult's life that comes to see the world once again will not be terrible. It was a movie that reminded me of becoming an adult who lives harder for the next generation.
10,a poignant movie while watching
10,The movie made my thoughts and eyes tear up
10,I loved the main character's acting
10,I saw it on TV. It's so sad.
10,I wonder if there's a god. I hope we can live well together in this year Really... at least there shouldn't be people starving to death. It's so sad
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot about Syrian refugees and parents and children. Your smile at the end leaves a lot of lingering feelings. It's the best movie ever.
10,Every scene left me deep in my heart.It's a great movie. There's a lot of stuff in it that makes me look back on my life
8,I think that 12-year-old kid has suffered more than I've ever done in my life
10,A family, more heartbroken than the Florida project... I bow down to my love and respect
10,My heart aches and tears come to my eyes. Even now, countless people, especially young children, live in that reality ㅠㅠ
10,I don't know what to say and I can't say anything.
10,I logged in to get a perfect score It's been a while since I watched a proper movie May all the children in the world be safe and happy. And what should we do...
10,I feel guilty after watching the movie I feel sick of my greed
8,I remember what the Japanese writer said.We're born between poo and pee.
1,The United Nations and the United States are all blank. The African and Latin American civil wars are all to blame!
8,I thought a lot about it and it was good. But I'm not sure if it's well over nine points. I think it's about 8.5 points.
10,In the last scene, tears poured out from Zain's childlike smile.
10,More than a movie. It shows life in plain sight. neither more nor lessThe facial expressions and eyes of a small teenager say everything.It's the best movie of the year.
10,I want to give you a round of applause
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.
10,As an adult, it makes me feel really shy and sorry  It's my first time writing a score and review. For children born all over the world, I hope that basic love and care will spread throughout the world. I pray.
10,My mom drank a lot of coffee when I was pregnant.
10,Adults, the environment is the problem.I hope you can meet good people, good adults, and be loved and respected now.I hope you can grow up to be a good person and a good adult.
10,It breaks my heart that Zain, Sahira, and Jonas actually exist, and I'm sorry.
10,I'm looking forward to the movie that I'm going to watch on vacation Haha
10,The best movie... I hope the world comes for children
10,It's obviously the best movie, and I'm crying over the uncomfortable truth
10,It makes me feel so many things. be heartbroken
10,Inequality in life forced upon birth.an indisputable fateWhat kind of child would want to live that kind of life.If you look closely, the world is not beautiful. It is a ruthless and terrifying place.Beyond the blackness, my throat was hot and painful.What the hell can I do?
8,Thank you and appreciate my life in Korea.
10,About a child's life and how he feels. It's a calm but loud movie.
4,What is it all about?
10,Jain, Jonas, I love you ♥ Be happy!!!There's a better world, or I'll make it!
9,Life that I imagined but never felt like it was real life.
10,A difficult life seems to weigh too heavily on me.
10,a thought-provoking movie
10,The best movie I've ever experienced.
10,The best movie of my life movie.
10,I was so sad the whole time I watched it.
10,a work that strikes the dead end of life
10,It's a heartbreaking and lingering work.
10,Unlike a movie that mocked and caricatured poverty.
10,It's heartbreaking
10,The moment I feel ashamed of myself because there's nothing I can do other than watching a movie in my room
10,The Story of Lebanon's Tragic Heungbu
10,I watched it with a high score, but it wasn't as fun as I thoughtBut I watched it until the end. It wasn't fun to watch the last scene, but I can't give you a lower score than the rating
10,A movie that can't be expressed in one line review. I write it and erase it and leave it like this
1,Refugee Out Lebanese Sentimentals
10,...it's the best movie.
10,It's a sad movie but sorry for being an adult
10,Zain, who says life is dirtier than shoes, also does his best for his sister and baby. A movie that irresponsible adults, parents want to repent
10,My chest was numb, so I only watched half of it and stopped watching it.I didn't have the courage to keep watching.After a month, I saw the rest today.be in the dold
10,I heard it was incredible, so I was curious and looked at it was amazing
10,Unlike the forced tear-jerking films, this movie shows the way it is. His acting skills prove it, and I was heartbroken throughout the movie.
10,I'm glad to see you. Thank you
10,The appearance of a calm boy who seemed to have been tamed by misfortune was more painful.
10,Teenagers are in the blind spot of the country. This is because adolescents are considered to belong to their parents, saying that their parents can be responsible. I think "Gavanaugh" is a good work that contains the life story of such a teenager.
8,His eyes... I thought it was too realistic to call it acting, but it wasn't acting
10,It's a movie that gives a lot of irresponsible parents a chance to reflect. It was a movie worth watching even if I paid more.
6,I'm disappointed
10,It's touching. It's like my favorite movie
8,If there is a hell in this life,
10,Every action of my own was painful as if it pierced my heart. The last photo shoot and the postscript were painkillers that reduced the pain. It's the most painful. I think it's the best movie
10,It was the best performance I've seen this year
10,Will we be able to evaluate this movie?
10,Didn't he want as much as he did to Jonas? Your smile is the most touching.
10,This movie doesn't force tears and emotions on the audience. I just showed you the reality as it is, but tears come out of my eyes. I think it's the first time a movie is this realistic and heartbreaking. I really really hope you watch it.
10,I watched it while eating, but I couldn't eat
10,What should I do?
9,I'm just thankful that I was born in Korea.Hell Chosun. Hell Chosun Street is recommended by people.
10,I've never cried this much while watching a movieIt's a trick
9,I didn't expect to cry at this age after watching a movie. The content of children suffering is always the most painful.
10,The movie that allowed me to reflect on myself and reflect on myself was a movie that made me realize that even if I was not old, adults should learn from children, and it was a movie where sadness and anger coexist
10,an unforgettable film
10,My husband's responsibility is worse than Zain's - a stuffed pig
10,If you want to learn a life lesson, please watch it
8,I can only say that it is shocking to see my daily life that I forgot or ignored.While watching this movie, the feeling point was who was wrong.Maybe it's the parents who sold Sahar, or maybe it's the society that created the ecosystem. Is it our fault that we ignored it even though it happened?
10,I can't forget how Jain shed tears. It is a movie that many people want to see, where they could think about the lives of refugees, especially refugee children, while watching their own real stories, not made-up stories.
10,When I had an extreme job, there was no theater, so I put it off and watched it Look.
10,I have a lot of thoughts after watching it
10,Touching movie. Touching movie
10,The movie that I dare not find fault. Everything was good from the casting. I watched the movie with tears in my eyes for the last half hour.
10,I couldn't help but cry because of this reality.Watching movies like this makes me think that I should work harder. I hope Zain is happy.
10,A movie that makes me feel ashamed for complaining about my life
10,It's a good movie I enjoyed it
10,It's a movie that's touching and lingering. It was worth the Cannes Film Festival jury award.
10,I screamed when I found Jonas.
10,It's been a week since...
10,I can't forget the last smile
10,Who took away his smile?
10,I can't forget the last smile. Gavanaugh. I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,I have nothing to say. A true ten-point movie
10,How can it be so scary?
10,I respect you and respect you. I always respect you. I love you with a grateful heart Parents
10,I was wondering how he could act like that, but it was real ㅠㅠ
10,I can't express my feelings easily. May hope and blessings be with them and everyone in that life now.
8,It was an opportunity to rethink the importance of freedom
10,I'm sad because it's a true story.Juyeon is also sadder because she is a child whose birth was not registered.
10,No one around even knows there's a movie like this.
9,Anyway, giving birth without thinking is the problem...
10,I will never forget my smile.
10,It's the best movie ever. I hope everyone watches it. I hope that the human rights of children will become more and more respected. Every word of you that makes me think that if I can't take responsibility, it's much better not to give birth.
10,feel a lump in one's throat Poor, but poor, very thoroughly accepting the world.
10,After watching this movie... I couldn't sleep. It is not easy to talk about movies with indescribable shock and pain. I recommend you to watch it.
10,This is perfect for movie acting
10,My heart aches because it's so realistic.
10,I think the tears that came after Jain sent Jonas were because he understood that his parents sent him.  Despite his young age, his acting and expression were incredible.
10,A heartbreaking and painful movie to watch. Cursing ignorant, selfish parents and their reality of being only such parents, and cursing crazy people who take advantage of those miserable people.
10,I had to watch it at the theater, but it was a good movie to watch at home. He stopped the movie dozens of times, breathed, wiped away his tears, and grieved. It's a movie that seems to transcend everything
10,It's a touching movie Recommend.
10,It's more heartbreaking than sad because you can't guess. Was there really nothing his parents could do?
10,It's a very good movie.
7,A place where it is a luxury for children to sleep comfortably. Gavanaugh
10,an exploratory film
10,A movie that I couldn't laugh or cry about
4,It's touching, but it doesn't suit me. But I know it's a movie that's several times better than movies like extreme jobs.
10,I lost what to say.
10,It's a movie that makes you reflect on yourself a lot It's a masterpiece with a rating of 10...
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,a movie that makes one look back on life
10,I saw a great movie.My heart aches because of your realistic acting.ㅜㅜ I hope the children born to be loved will be happy...
10,a very exotic country A movie that breaks my heart and makes me look back on my life
10,This is not a movie! It's real
10,The best movie of my life, so to speak.
9,I guess having a baby isn't all parents. Movies are fun, but they can make you feel frustrated.
8,A child trying to take responsibility in the midst of adults trying to pass on responsibility. Who is the adult?
1,Honestly, it wasn't that great. LOL
8,If you're an irresponsible parent, don't have children.
10,It's a movie that pointed out that there are people who are having a hard time living comfortably in the present, and it's a movie that makes children look back on their lives and thoughts
10,Makes me think deeply about myself.
10,It was the most heartbreaking movie I've seen recently. Young Ja-in, who tried to take responsibility for Jonas somehow, was more like an adult than irresponsible adults who said that the reality was too heavy to be a choice. As a mother of a child, I watched it crying because my heart ached.
10,My heart aches. I'm sorry and sorry for the children because it's all their fault. I want to live with them, but I can't help anyone because my life is too much. The reality of heartburn keeps me from moving for a long time
10,It's a movie that everyone should watch
9,Children are not guilty because there are many adults who are worse than children
10,...Recommend.The word parasite comes out here too.Come on...
10,Wow... I can't forget the smile of the last person. The first time I smiled at the end of the movie...
10,It's a great movie I'm tearing up
10,I watched my favorite movie with my daughter and I like her
10,A must-see movie! How can a child care about people and be smart? I wanted to adopt all of them. There are hundreds of millions of kids like that in Lebanon, in the Middle East, in India, in China, in Africa, all over the world. I think about the child's right to basic living security and world inequality.
10,A dark... And a bright smile like a fluorescent light at the end. My heart aches.
10,I'm not bored for a second.From 1 hour and 24 minutes, my heart aches and I only cry. It's not like the production or video was great, but there's a big echo
10,Touching...I want to look back at least once in my life...
10,I'm crying. I hope everyone in the world will be happy by making this movie so well I realized that every little thing is really important to us
7,No one can blame a child
10,I think about what role I will play from the perspective of being a parent who lives in the present and raises children. What kind of parents would I be?
10,Who did we cry at?
10,The story of a child born in an unfortunate environment is told calmly, but the content is not calm. The more immersed I am, the more realistic I feel, so there is something that comes up from my heart. The last smile was so bright and I burst into tears. I'm shocked at the actual casting of refugees.
10,It's the best movie ever.I pay tribute to the director to all the actors and even Jonas.
10,I'm touched twice that he's actually playing his life
10,I'm feeling overwhelmed.
10,I cried a lot. I wish there were fewer kids like Zane.
10,I watched half of the movie crying
10,Anxiety erodes the soul, and poverty erodes life and hope.  ND
8,It seems that refugees need condoms more than food. She's poor enough to sugar-water her, and she's pregnant again
8,It seems that refugees need condoms more than food. She's poor enough to sugar-water her, and she's pregnant again
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot in my life
10,A movie that reminded me of the reason for my existence in my life
5,In 20 minutes, you can clearly understand the content of this movie, and the rest of it was just a series of boredom, but the Gaemong movie has too high a rating
10,It's a tearful movie.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,Parasite in Korea and Parasite in Lebanon. Is the world of human life hell or heaven?
10,Nothing is fake. Everyone is real.His eyes are also more poignant because he has no choice but to do so.
8,The child played according to the child and cried over the life of the child who could not live like a child due to the pressure of the environment born in the slum, and the child's smile at the end made me cry once again.
10,The best movie. It makes me think a lot. However, I have more thoughts after seeing the review by critic Heo Nam-woong. That's all I can think of. The actors are doing well out of povertyEven so, the many human rights issues that this movie presents end in the safety of actors.
10,This must have been Korea a few years ago, right? A meeting between a genius director and his own. I'm just crying.
10,Such poor children, always bless you.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,You'll be respected and loved, Zane
10,My smile was so bright that I cried without realizing it. I don't know what to say I was so sad.
10,In a world dominated by the environment, it is possible because it is human
9,If you are not qualified to raise a child, you should not give birth. I'm just giving her pain.
10,The acting was so real that it was weird.It was real...I felt it while watching the movie. I should be thankful.It's the movie of my life movie.
10,I hope you will be happy as a child who is respected and loved
10,Let's share the fault of dictators with millions of children in North Korea who are living worse than them, liberal democrats all over the world
10,I guess it felt like a documentary because the main character showed the reality
10,How should we act to live without consuming sympathy? a reflective film
10,It's a good movie that leaves a feeling of melancholy and lingering emotions. My heart aches for the maturity of trying to give love to a newborn baby in a difficult situation that I didn't get from my parents at a young age. I hope it will be a world where these children can live happily.
10,It's not easy for an adult to raise a child. That tiny little body holding the baby is a close call. With an incredibly strong sense of responsibility as a child... I'm still feeling emotional after the movie.
10,It was touching.
10,Sigh... Oh...
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
8,The little help you get from ordinary people who are not protected by obliging parents, but who have good intentions, is rather touching
10,It's painful, but it's the best movie.
10,I watched the movie introduction and the theme was interestingThank you
10,There's no need for words. - Just look
10,Islam seems to use God incorrectly. It's definitely fecundity... My father's appeal to me that if I had a lot of kids, I'd be better off. God takes one and fills the other, and she loses her guilt. I hope all the children in need will be saved.
10,I have nothing more to say. And the true story is so sad
10,Documentary... The life of Jain, who became an adult early, is more desperate than my life now.I think everyone will feel different pain.
10,I'm really surprised that 12 does this.
10,I watched VOD at home because there weren't many movie theaters and time zones, so I wish I could have helped the movie a little. I watched it 3 times in 2 days and it still lingers ㅠㅠ
10,This is a movie.Poverty is not a mistake, you can tell from this movie Poverty is a sin, please don't have children if you're not confident in making my child happy
10,It wasn't just sad. It was fun because the composition was solid. It's a movie that shouldn't be fun. It wasn't a waste of time.
10,I tried to hold it in and it ended up bursting.
10,If you're not ready to raise a child emotionally or materially, don't give birth. But everyone is like that. Because other people give birth. To give birth because you happen to have it, it's a sin.
8,an indisputable inheritance of anger from parent to child
10,The reason why a movie should be made
10,May God be with you.
10,I can't stop crying. Zain, Raheel, Jonas, Sahara... I just hope you're happy
10,I should always live with gratitude.
10,Jain, Jonas, be happy
7,The movie is uncomfortable, but Gavanaugh is not easy to watch
10,Five stars is not enough. Please make sure everyone hasn't seen GavanaughMake sure you watch it. It's a heavy, complicated movie that hits your heart and head
10,Shaking... It's my life movie!
7,Let's always be thankful for the current situation
10,Being a mother raising a baby made me feel sad and emotional, and I ended up crying. I want to be more helpful to these precious children
10,It's a sad story.
10,Creepy child's acting skills, street casting, a movie that touches people's hearts and really makes them realize the value of life
10,Is it a sin to be born? It's just that he's more pathetic than I am, and he's crying.
9,I can relate to the saying that children are the greed of their parents.
10,I cried my eyes out because of you who do not cry like a child in the midst of sorrow and pain...Like a child...
7,It's only been an hour, but it was really hard to see I held it in to see how my life was going, but I became happy after seeing the ending It's more like a refugee problem than child abuse, but the director's perspective is cold but warm What should we do with the refugees? It's too much for compassion
10,It's really well-made. His acting was great. And I liked it because it was a happy ending.
8,Throughout the movie, I felt uncomfortable and hurt as if I had faced an uncomfortable truth. Unlike me, who lives comfortably, I felt uncomfortable knowing that it would be an uncomfortable truth that these things were happening and that it would end up with cheap sympathy like Bethat.
10,If I had a baby, I'd have to take responsibility.
10,I can't forget my own eyes
10,The weight of the miserable life that must have been carried by a small and delicate soul to pull out a sword with a brackish hand makes me tear up
10,The life we enjoyed was so luxurious and rich.This is really a movie.
10,Wow, it's a really good movie.
9,It's a movie that makes me feel a lot.Jain and Jonas are so good at acting
10,My hobby is watching movies. For the first time in my 30 years of life, I leave a rating. Just Jain's eyes tell it all. Well, it's the best movie of my life. For the first time since I was born as a man, I cried while watching a movie. I watched this movie too late. I should've seen you sooner.
10,I hope so many people in the world can live a happy day even if it's a raw story that makes me feel sad after watching this movie
7,It's a movie worth thinking about.
10,A movie about a boy who wants to be a good and great man who accuses his parents of suffering and poverty in his life
10,The last scene will be remembered forever.
10,It is a movie that tells you that you are happy from being born and living in Korea
10,I cry when I see your smile
10,The most valuable movie I've seen this year
8,My heart was heavy the whole time I watched it.I came to think a lot about poverty and the lives of refugees and the role of their parents
10,A movie that reminds me of the meaning of life
10,I'm tearing up
10,It's a really heartbreaking movie. Teary tears at the child's cry!
10,There was an indescribable movie, a life-shaking message
10,I watched an impressive movie after a long time.
10,It was a shocking movie. I think the two best child actors I will remember the most in my life. Syrian refugees and illegal aliens in Kenya. I'm surprised again by the behind-the-scenes story of the last ending credit casting.
10,It's so touching.I pay tribute to Jonas for doing his best. Waiting for Rahill who can't come back, she said, "Your mom is worse than my mom," and I laughed and cried. And I felt a tingle in my heart.
10,I can't forget the last scene. If you're a parent, don't you think you should raise them instead of giving birth?
10,The cross shone, but the misfortune of the children was endless.
8,The sound of Zain running is still vivid in my ears
10,The irony of punishing those who don't exist in the world. It wasn't that the boy couldn't smile. I can't get rid of the smile of my self in the ending scene.
10,신의 가호가.
10,A movie that doesn't waste stars...
10,Young Ja-in is saying something more right than adults Even if you have one child, you have to have one when you can raise it well. If that ability doesn't work, it's right not to give birth. This movie makes me think about how good Korea is to live in.
10,I wish the heartbreaking movie Zain was happy
10,Baby, always be happy and live a happy life with such a bright smile
10,Perhaps he was sorry for his younger brother Sahar, who sent him away, who did his best to protect baby Jonas, but no one paid attention to him, let alone the best. The scene where Ja-in, who never smiled, smiled brightly and innocently at the last scene, felt black for a long time. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's such a precious movie. I'm speechless.
10,I felt humble myself sympathizing with their lives
10,It's a movie that breaks my heart.
10,I felt it after watching 10 minutes after starting not too long ago.Oh, it's not a movie I can handle.I turned it off like that.I suddenly remembered it again, so I held it in and watched it, and it hurts a lot.I don't like this kind of movie and I hate it more because it can be real enough.
10,The movie that made me realize how happy my complaints are
10,Oh, it was a beautiful and sad movie of the year.
10,I can't forget the boy's eyes
10,It's the most touching!I hope I can see you in other movies
8,If the main character lives because he is not mature, he will be around the same age as my great-grandfather.I've been through all sorts of things
1,I can't believe it's real
10,Horror movies are scary, romance is romantic, and drama is touching. But this movie is sick. If this movie made you cry, I recommend a movie called Rome.
10,I thought my heart was breaking because I was in pain
10,a film that makes one so grateful to be able to eat, sleep, learn, and work
8,I thought it was a meaningful movie and I enjoyed it
10,Why didn't I see it at the movie theater? Why did I watch this now? ㅠㅠ
10,It's not a movie that I watch for fun, but it's better than other movies
10,There is nothing to see in a place of adversity
10,As I watched the parents who were sued by their 12-year-old son make excuses that they were financially difficult and had no choice, I felt that unqualified people were the same everywhere.
8,The boy's performance touches the heartstrings of the boy, which makes him think of many things that contain a lot of things
1,The score is too high. Let's lower it
10,It's a movie that touches my heart.The child who plays the main character is also good at acting.Once again, I was surprised that this boy was a Syrian refugee. The boy's smile was beautiful in the last scene
7,Samaritans' lives, rampant in Gavanaugh, where they come from and where they go
8,I feel overwhelmed and applaud the boy's courage and effort...^
10,It's a must-see movie this year
10,The ending credit goes up, but my tears go down endlessly...Zain's Sad Eyes and Distressed Voice ㅠㅠ The Movie of My Life
10,It was so touching. I managed to find it on the last day and it was so touching.
8,When I hear that I sued my parents, I wonder what's wrong with this family.
9,A movie that makes me think a lot.This is a movie.
10,It was so real that I felt guilty. I almost adopted him.
10,Jonas is so cute.I keep thinking of Zain carrying a heavy baby...I was so ashamed of myself when I saw Zain.
10,A movie where no one stood up a minute after the ending credit went up. A heartbreaking feeling lingers throughout the day.
9,I was heartbroken. No one would have ever felt the heart of a young brother who tried to protect his sister until the end, the heart of a brother who found out that his brother was dead, and the heart of a brother who returned home after leaving him
10,I want to ignore the movie that I am thankful for and feel sorry for, but I have to live in a world where we have to live together. I reflect on myself and think about the answers to the questions that the movie asks
10,I sympathized with the children who live in the environment, not the movie actors who are overwhelmed with words
9,It's a really touching movie.
10,This is the best movie ever.My heart is choking up the whole time I'
9,I enjoyed watching it!!
10,I walk the spring path for a long time, reflecting on the value of life
10,Thank you for the good movie. It's really the best.
10,Life is by no means equal or rational. Most Koreans said it was a story of Syrian refugees and that they could not be allowed to waste them with our own taxes. However, our tax is still used every year to cut down intact trees and plant new colorful flowers. This is reality
10,There's a reason why you look like you're not acting, not actingI remember her smile at the end
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpieceA really well-made movie...The director is amazing. I hope many people watch it
10,It's so sad. Your kindness breaks my heart even more
10,There's no point in stars
10,A story that reveals the lives of movie actors who must watch twice and three times.I want to give you a big hug you ㅠㅠ A movie for all the people in the world...
9,Real documentary movie... Even the actors were real.The weight of a poor, irresponsible family in the eyes of a young boy.I'm sad.
10,It hurts me so much that I am a real person, but I am really sad when I think that acting is my normal life.I hope you grow up to be a person with a warm heart and become a big person and be a helpful person. I wish you happiness.
10,be short of ten stars
10,I keep thinking about Zain. I watched a great movie.
9,Refugees appeared as actors, but their acting skills are as good as professional actors. I feel that all parts of Syria are represented in a realistic way. It elicits a visual empathy that can be seen even though it has not been there in person.
10,It's the best. If you haven't watched it, you must watch it
10,a film that gives a gentle echo
10,My heart was heavy the whole time I watched it. I wonder if that's the only way children can live who can't even prove they're human. I hope that the organization called Gavanaugh will keep its meaning and meaning well.
9,A growth film in which an unintended life survives on its own. I hope you're happy
10,I don't really watch movies like this Because I get depressed...But it shows the reality of human rightsI feel sorry.
10,It's a must-see movie
10,It's not like having a baby doesn't make you a parent.A realistic movie that makes you realize the importance of life and family once again...I'm feeling overwhelmed. Please watch the sad movie.Even at a young age, he acts so wisely and realistically well.
9,Life is like XX...
10,It was a movie that was so sad and sad.However, I reflected on myself when I saw myself living in the midst of that.It makes me look back on myself as an adult.
10,My life is OO...ㅜㅜ
10,Living human beings, turning it into a ieosseumni think what is this time?Long day of the movie.
10,a film that reminds us of the meaning of the word human rights
10,The directing is the best, and I was like, "Wow, I should act like this." But I can't believe I'm making a movie with people in this situation. I'm so immersed. I'm sure you've never acted before, but it's amazing that you can do this in front of the camera even if it's your own story
9,If you don't want to love your child, please don't give birth
9,The last laugh when you're recognized as a person,
10,Whoo - what a great movie.I'm becoming infinitely ashamed of myself.
8,Can I act like him in that situation?
8,I hope Zaini is happy. Please
10,If this is the reality of solving real text news through video, where is the center of our happiness? When the balance is so bad, happiness causes feelings of wanting to feel the same shame.  I hope everyone will have a happy world. The reality is unrealistic enough, so I hope your unrealistic wish comes true
10,I was shocked and heartbroken from the first scene.  My heart has been hurting so much all the time I watched it, and I can feel the last scene of the actual refugee children more deeply and I think it will remain for a long time.
8,The answer is that life is not born.
10,I saw every aspect of man! I'm sorry, but I can't say...
10,It was a movie that made me open my eyes for a while after living with one eye closed. The director, the actor, the staff, and the producer all made it with one mind, and I hope that the influence of this movie will continue steadily.
10,It was sad and touching that the child's world approached in a realistic way.
10,It's a movie that makes you cry when the credits go up. I hope that thoughts and practices come together at the boundary between reality and movies.
8,Tears didn't stop at the desperate situation of the heartbreaking boy. The film's directing power and fresh camera composition were enough to amplify the sadness.
10,I just ate, slept, went to school, and saw Ja-in, who was my dream, and I felt so sad and sadOnce again, I've come to think about what kind of parents they are, and I feel sorry for those who are still suffering somewhere, that every child in the world needs to be protected and loved
10,It's a movie that made me think that I should live like a true adult who is not ashamed to watch children and it's really touching
9,A good movie. A movie you want to watch more
10,It's the best. There's no needless words
10,If you want to get married and have a baby, develop responsibility first. Not as much as this movie, but I grew up under irresponsible parents and had a hard time growing up. Please don't be brainless and think ten thousand times before you get married and have children.
10,I'm heartbroken.If watching this movie can help you...I hope to see a lot of movies like this.
10,"Have you ever lived like me? That's never gonna happen." …… The director is a genius. The script gives me goosebumps. And the acting gives me goosebumps..
10,I hope a lot of people will watch it. It's been a while since we last met. Ah... The birth of this year's movie
10,I couldn't point my finger at the people who were born in the poor country itself and didn't know and learn. It was a story of people they wanted to bring out of the world they knew.
9,Time of Sigh and Tears - Cine 21 | Lee Yong-chul
10,The tears that I held back from the tears I held back...
10,I hate the world and it's so unfair
10,I don't know what to say.
10,What kind of parents can I be? It breaks my heart that the boy asks me not to let my parents have children anymore. I shouldn't have... I'm sorry.
10,Still, it's lovely.
10,It's heartbreaking.  I hope rich people don't get greedy to have more and contribute to society.
10,I hope you can dream of being loved and respected and live a life where you can laugh your heart out!
10,The child's smile rather made me cry.
10,It's so sad... A moving movie that I haven't seen in a while
10,In the meantime, the movie I saw was not a movie, but it was so realistic that my heart sank It was so hard to live, but it was not hard for me to have a hard time. The quality is not comparable to that of the new school of Korean movies. Korean movies are still far away
10,I saw Zain smile for the first time in the last scene. She's so pretty when she smiles.
9,I think the reason why it remains lingering is that the actual characters told their stories.
9,ㅠㅠ Must watch! I think there are more happy children in Korea
10,A little boy gives a big aftertaste...Ps. Jonas is cute
8,It was good to see the other side of the world as a documentary and drama-like movie
10,I hope that there will be more works like Gavanaugh that can contribute to social issues I won't forget your smile for a while
10,The emotion of pressing with blackness exploded in the image of Ja-in carrying a knife. Since then, I have been out of my mind for a while because my chest hurts. This is when an adult says sorry...  At times like this...
10,It would be nice to promote this movie so that more people can watch it, even if it's not a box office hit, but the tiredness of children gives pain and sadness to the viewers
8,I feel sorry for him, but I can't relate to him because he's from another country.
10,Have you ever been miserable like us?And another sinner who gives birth to another baby
10,First list of my life movies
10,My heart feels numb. I keep thinking of Jonas' face
10,What if you accuse God? What would you plead if you set up a god in court?
10,I'm glad I went to the school that I wanted so much ㅠㅠ I could see how blessed it is to have someone to be educated, eat, wash, and rely on.
10,Watch the best movie
10,My heart is choked upcrying
10,It's a movie that makes my heart ache ㅜㅜ
10,You don't even have feelings?
10,I didn't see it, but I cried a lot
10,The last scene of the movie brought tears to my eyes. I can't believe I saw your expression in the last scene.
10,A story we need to know. I couldn't stop crying
9,I hope all adults in the world can watch it
10,Wow, I didn't even know this kind of movie existed because of the monopoly of domestic movies, but I saw it because it was released on the corn by Saturday Super Movie. It's amazing. Let's improve the screen monopoly of domestic movies!
10,A movie that makes me look back on myself
10,It was a really good movie.Saturday, April 6th, 2019
10,The media and commenters who promoted unnecessary hatred and fear of refugees for political use should watch this movie and reflect on themselves
10,It was a life I didn't know.
10,While watching the movie, I was so touched and echoed through Zain Make sure to watch it!
8,Even though I knew the stories of a sick person who had a hard time, I turned a blind eye to my ambivalent self. I thought I would stop watching the movie for about 10 minutes, but I was determined to live a frustrating, heartbroken, and hard life.
10,I think I watched a great movie after a long time. Rather than being a person who watches their lives and is relieved by my life, I was just sad... The story of people who had no choice but to. And Jonas was so cute
10,A minimum education is necessary for all mankind.In the last scene of the movie, I felt sorry for Jain and his parents
10,I can't believe that only 140,000 people watch this kind of trick in Korea, where 10 million movies are pouring in. Let's not monopolize the screen to raise the level of sophistication.
9,Rather than saying that your life is better because you have a harder life than yourself, let's just watch this movie quietly
10,I saw it because Nell's Kim Jong-wan recommended it, and I strongly recommend it. Heartbreak must see
10,My heart aches. I'm embarrassed
10,The last scene is a movie that makes you think a lot
9,How did you make it?
10,It just makes it impossible to be sad. If a child living in the same generation suffers, there is also a responsibility to be called an adult.
10,Life movie. I felt guilty after watching it.
10,'My hypocrisy. Face my cheap pity.'Time to maintain a contemplative attitude. There was nothing I could do to help him. All I faced was my poignant pity and hypocritical tears, not his pain. I could just look back at myself.
10,It was a movie that made me think about myself again.
10,A man who was forced to make the same choice in the end.
10,Calmly washing his brother's underwear with menstrual blood. It's very sad. Thank you so much for making such a good work.
10,As a person who has lived in Lebanon, I felt that it really shows the reality. I felt how luxurious many complaints I made while living in Korea were, and it was a time when I was one with all my emotions. I also became grateful.It's the best movie ever
8,I'm satisfied. Please watch it^^.
10,It was a movie that made me feel emotional and lingered for a long time.It's a movie for us, but the reality of life for them is so bitter.
10,I thought that I wanted all the people in the world to be happy. It should be remembered that 'parents' are not only life-bearing beings.
10,In a way, people who criticize their parents have no choice but to make the same reality
10,It's a documentary style because it's based on a true story, but it's very realistic. May you only smile from now on. I also pay my respects to the director.
10,I don't know if I deserve to cry.There's still a place like that on Earth.I hope the miracle in the movie will happen in real life...
10,The best movie! Heartbreaking and choking movie! Strongly recommend!
10,What can I do?
10,It's so sad and it hurts
9,First, it's fun Something that humans shouldn't lose Humanity
10,How many in this country...Parents who just give birth to my greed without thinking and don't care how I grow up...The last child's smile tells everything. It's a really well-made movie
10,I couldn't get out of his eyes for a while.
10,It's a must-see movie. I was glad to see this movie after the movie.
9,It breaks my heart. First of all, the children in the North Korean political prison came to mind first.
10,The children who acted were real refugees ㅠㅠ they were so good at acting.May your life be happy from now on. ㅜㅜㅜ
9,Thank you for your life. I feel even more sad because there will be so many Zain Sahars right now.
2,Look at the reality of Europe today. Whether Islam is a pathological society is their problem. God who saves those poor people, at least, does not live in Europe. Pity for others is always a double-edged sword. That's why people in Korea feel sorry for them are unhappy
10,Wouldn't it be more inhumane to criticize for being inhumane? It was a movie that made me ashamed of myself for being indifferent to the other world.
10,I feel so sorry for the babies
10,"But God doesn't want it. They want us to be trampled on the floor." Is God dead, didn't he exist in the first place?
10,Today is the third time I watch it, it's new and we all learn from it. It's a movie that gives us a little leeway to learn and share appreciation in life
8,A meaningful movie is certain
10,It's not just a movie, it's a reality, so it's all the more gloomy.
10,I blamed my parents for making my life like this, but I think they are better than the main character
10,A glimpse into the reality of Syrian refugees and irresponsible parents
10,My heart hurts... My heart hurt so much that I cried my eyes out.
10,Oh... I'm sad. A boy with sorrowful eyes filled with sorrow and pain...No, maybe 12 years old... Raheel, Jonas and the rest of the family. A man who runs with a sword in the death and fury of the Sahara. As much as it's heartbreaking, it still lingers in my heart
10,I reflected on my mind when I looked at and judged with prejudice against the wanderers and sulky people on the street. I think our society needs a lot of love.
10,It was hard to look at the screen at the moment when Ja-in's confession that "living is like crap" overlapped with Ja-in's appearance being dragged out to court. How can a child's unfocused eyes be so pitiful... ...with no end to despair?
10,A lump of a 12-year-old boy who was forced to sue his parents rises desperately between the thick cigarette smoke and the absurdity of the hot sun.
10,The movie you have to watch because of the last scene
10,It's a movie to recommend!
10,It's a movie that makes me think more about the Korean Peninsula
9,Heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart breaking heart
8,It's good to watch a movie that makes you think a lot twice
8,Whether it's a movie or an agitator, there's agitation, so it's a good movie from that point of view
10,The movie reminded me of "Nobody Knows" directed by Hirokazu Koreeda throughout the movie. My heart ached throughout the movie.
10,May you and your friends live well!
10,Kim Sung-hoon of Cine 21 said, "The irresponsibility and unethicalness in the frame in contrast to the miracle outside the frame." What is this dog sound?
10,I paid for it on U-FLOW and watched it late at night.ㅠㅠ I didn't want to watch this kind of movie because I raised my child.I'm glad I saw it.
10,It's a sad movieIt's a movie about what kind of parents I have to live with
10,A movie that is 100 times more meaningful than other movies.
10,Let's increase the number of theaters so that we can watch more of these movies like this please
10,Out of more than 30 years of movies, the ending went up and I spent an hour expressionless   This is really... I thank God that I was born in Korea where I can eat and sleep well
10,I was so sad watching this movie from my father's point of view...From the beginning to the end, it was so desperate...What the hell are your parents?Parents who just give birth and don't raise...Children suffer because of parents who are always cheap.
10,A life movie that doesn't need words!
10,Please make sure no one has seen the best movie in their lives
10,Various emotions and thoughts are intertwined, so I can't comment. The problem of refugees, the lives of innocent children are portrayed so realistically.
6,A film that delicately captures the lives of Lebanese refugees, but it is hard to understand them because the eyes of the film are obsessed with the cheap pity of those who only know their lives. If you sympathize with your grief and anger, you don't deserve to discuss their lives.
7,The ending is Deus X Makina style, but the affection for the character makes everything beautiful.
8,I couldn't think of anything to say it was someone's fault after watching the movie or how I could help them.It's so sad that we can't help but sit on the sidelines and accuse the society of what the film says. I want to give you a standing ovation.All other people deserve to be loved and respected
10,I wish all the children in the world would be protected and happy
10,I was so ashamed of my life when I saw irresponsible parents about life and a child who felt only pain born in the world due to a torn poor environment, struggling to live somehow. It felt very far away, but after seeing it, it is a masterpiece that may be present to someone close to you.
10,A movie that is so real that even the pain and sadness are considered for fundamental problems
10,This kind of movie should open a lot of theaters.
10,Best movie. How could you make a movie like this without God's will?  I pray for the children.
10,It's so sad. What the hell is this feeling?같은Looking at the responsibility and the self trying to move on in the same world, I am infinitely ashamed of my frustration with my little failure
10,While I was watching it, I was like, "Oh, my." But I still want many people to watch this movie.
10,Let's work hard and be thankful!
1,It's not my style, but it's not fun.
10,A must-see movie after the Green Book. The actor's acting and directing skills are great. an artifice reflected in reality that reflects reality
10,The lament of OO's life bursts out of the child's mouth.Please don't let my parents have any more children, no more children like me. a clear cry through a desperate life-I have dignity. I'm here. I want to live as a person
9,Get over it. Life starts now
10,A movie that makes you think and act with your head and body
10,Help these kids. Don't ask for help because they're grown-up refugees
10,The moment Jonas' face was found in the dark, tears burst
10,Wow! I'm touched느There's no one like Noir.It's an amazing piece that makes you think a lot
10,That was a trick! I'm so thankful that I can watch this kind of movie
10,A movie that made me realize, shed tears, moved me, and showed me the reality
10,You're gonna call us names But you'll never be like us
10,The best movie I've seen this year...I'm going to finish my review for the first time.
10,Tears fall from her bright smile at the end...For a 12-year-old who can smile so beautifully, the only thing I can see throughout the movie is resignation and lethargy.
10,The movie that makes me thankful for what I have is a sad and sad movie.
10,Thank God I wasn't born in an Islamic country
10,Sick, sad, angry, tearful...How grateful we are to live.
10,I feel uncomfortable watching and feel like I'm stabbing a needle in the heart. I wish there would be more places where these movies are shown than ordinary killing time moviesI watched it at COEX.
9,How extreme poverty drives people... The boy who refused to give up until the end in it was really tearful and great. It's a shame that I watched it so late.
10,There is no child born wanting to be born. As I reiterate my responsibility as a parent, I reflect on whether I am a good parent to my children.
10,I thought of a movie with a cruel story of war, and I was moved by it unexpectedly.
10,Make it easier to see social problems. a movie made with a heavy heart I decided to worry about the world as everyone's.Recommendation. A movie that takes time. The child was an adult.
10,I've lived my life to the fullest to hear the last line
10,What a movie!The movie that I could concentrate on for 2 hours... It's been a while
10,Zain's acting skills are superb. The eyes that just popped out of real life...
10,I can't forget the heavy emotions I read in my own expression
10,I was really sad because my heart felt heavy...But there were so many things to think about, so it was a movie worth reflecting on.
10,I'm touched. It's the best
10,If you're going to have a baby, have a responsibility
10,A movie that makes me ashamed of myself for being materialistic.
10,I watched a movie with a message after a long time. a film that is not flashy but has a genuine echo
10,Who can throw a stone at a 12-year-old who sued his parents?
10,I was so glad and thankful that I was not born as a refugee.A movie that makes me feel grateful for everything.
9,Would you still say there's a god?
8,It was a movie that made me think about the reality that I was in
10,Life movie. Why are the biggest victims of all the wrong things children?
9,It's a heavy topic, but I liked it ^^
10,Is this the world that the anarchists and Darcy want? It's such a hard movie
10,After the movie, I gave myself a standing ovation for 30 minutes
8,It's a moving and good movie
10,Movies are touching and entertaining, but sometimes they teach us sharp lessons like knives.A movie that makes me keep thinking even after the movie is over.
9,It's amazing and touching! The acting is too good to be an amateur actor.
10,It was very impressive. It's a masterpiece
10,Korean people, please look at all of them. Hipsters who call them misfortune porn are just right
10,He's not an actor. He's a real hero I didn't know the time went by
10,I saw the witness and thought that the child was acting really well, but I just got mad at him.I can't compare the contents of the movie because of the different kinds, but I didn't know what movie it was and the reviews were good, but it passed by 2 hours. I was curious about the next story and it ended
10,Realist work showing the reality of refugees. There are many people living harsh lives in the global village.
10,It's the best movie everIt's getting heart-breaking and warm
10,It's the best movie everIt's getting heart-breaking and warm
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch it!
10,I can't stop crying.
10,The ringing sound lingers for a while.
10,I happened to see it. Please watch it twice, three times ㅜㅜ
10,Best movie. Refugees are all our problems
10,I should always be thankful. Make sure to watch it ㅜㅜ
10,It was the first movie of the year ~
10,How can I evaluate this movie after watching their close-to-real life sitting in a comfortable chair with 10,000 won?
7,I don't know, living was a tragedy
9,It's a blessing to have children.k. However, in these days of low growth, I think I should plan more carefully and have children. Otherwise, the child can grow up to be a poor person not only in material but also in spirit, and live life pessimistic or meaningless.
10,I recommend a meaningful movie.
8,"I wanted to be loved and respected." "I wanted to be a good person.I think we should think more intensely about the conditions of life, love and respect.
10,A movie that you must watch. A movie that makes you look back on your life
8,At first, the cry that I wanted to be a good adult remains a lot. I think it's our role to help children dream of becoming good people and become good adults.
10,It's heartbreaking to see if it's acting or real
10,The director's delivery is great.
10,The movie made me think that our daily lives will be a legacy to future generations.You have to live your day well and be a responsible adult.
10,A movie that brings tears to a child's eyes when he smiles
10,I look forward to the peace and development of the Middle East as soon as possible.
10,I'm so touched that you cast real refugee children
10,The movie that made me look back on my life is the best
10,I have nothing to say.You'll know when you see it.
10,It's sad that it's such a sad story...What do you know...ㅠㅠ,I felt that the role of parents was this big, and I was so sad for the child who was suffering.crying.
10,Touching. This is called touching
10,A true, thoughtless representation of a parent.
8,A movie that reminds me of "Nobody Knows" by Hirokazu Koreeda
10,Charges that 12-year-old Zain throws at every adult in the world. Throwing it at those who started the war, those in power who abused their power, parents who abused their children, and most adults who were indifferent to the darkness, poverty, and suffering of the world...
9,It's so much fun
10,It's the best movie of my life.Every parent or parent would feel like this ㄴI dream of hope while feeling gloomy. Ah, g.B. Just the feeling of being overwhelmed...
10,Oh, really, oh, as a father, really...Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it
10,It makes us reflect on the attitude of our lives that we do our best.A good movie that lingers for a long time~^^
9,While we are trying to define ourselves as the underdogs, somewhere far away, people who really need to be protected are fighting their lives.
8,It was a pity that there were fewer movies and theaters worth watching than any commercial movie. I thought it was a movie about poverty, but it contains a lot more than I thought
1,Documentary Gatta Is Not Fun
10,I think it's a great movie
10,It hurts more because it's real
8,The kids' acting doesn't seem like acting
10,I was so sad that there weren't many theaters  It was a pathetic movie that made me think a lot about whether a parent was responsible for having a child
10,I cried the whole time  I hope the world will be a happy world for the kids
10,Zain is a giant, a giant and a hero. I was so embarrassed when I saw Zain. I learned more from a 12-year-old than a bunch of professors
10,a movie full of unexpected
10,a touching movie, called "Garbanaum"
10,I saw it at the Busan International Film Festival and it was so good. I watched it again and again. It's a good movie ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
9,Heartbreaking movie ㅜㅜ..
9,the weight of one's own life I live with all my strength every day, but the appearance was so precarious.
8,Tears welled up from the last boy's smile
10,I'm donating to UNICEF, and I think I should continue to donate more
8,You may feel bitter about the story of a distant country, but this story is the current North Korean story and it was the story of my father who lived in Hamgyeong-do with a flower swallow during the Japanese colonial period.
10,My heart was pounding and I was so overwhelmed that I cried, and I called everywhere and urged them to watch it!I was so amazed by the children's natural acting that I was so into it that I couldn't close my mouth because of the wonder. Strongly recommend
10,I'll never forget the world that's in your eyes
10,a fundamental review of a world full of miserable children
10,Zane, there's no one like you anywhere. Jain's words that he wanted to be a good person, that he just wanted to be loved and respected, were so heartbreaking. Because I and we do, too. Because I was born human.
10,It was such a meaningful and valuable movie~I'm going to cherish this emotion for a long time~If there were kids in their teens, I would have watched it with themI was sad because there were still elementary school studentsThe male lead's eyes are still vividHow happy our lives areRealization
7,If parents are unable to do so nationally, forced abortions should be made abortions. 10,000 people born in the year, let's go!
10,It's a bit cold from the start to the end of the movie. Phew...
7,Outstanding acting and unforced production. However, I admired the actors' performances throughout, and it hurt me to learn that they brought people who were actually in difficult circumstances, not the original actors.
10,I cried because my heart hurt so much when Zain laughed. I will cheer for Zain and Jonas to be happy for a long time.
10,"I sue my parents." That's a great saying.What's the point of having a lot of babies when a child is dead and it's okay to be pregnant again? It's a masterpiece that's shocking and touching
10,What a great movie! I'll have to watch it again!
8,I got emotional seeing you being realistic and bare
10,A very valuable and meaningful movie
10,Hell Joseon is nothing
8,I realized how happy my environment is
9,It's a movie that gave me all the excitement, fun, and things to think about it
10,A movie that lingers too long...
10,I've seen it twice.My heart aches. I sue my parents, who are young but have a strong sense of responsibility and are not responsible for having a baby.ㅠ
10,After the movie, everyone quietly watched the end credits rise without getting up from their seats as if they had promised. I wondered how the child's eyes were so painful, sad, and deep, but everything was understood by looking at the last caption. I think it's a good movie to watch.
10,It's not the cheap sympathy and song of the missionary community, it's the movie that gives us the idea of what we can do to give them the help they really need
10,I'm embarrassed. I'm not satisfied
10,Make sure to watch the best movie of your life!
10,Throughout the movie, I was assimilated into my emotions and changed my perspective on refugees.
10,I strongly recommend itㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'm going to watch it again when the vod comes out
10,A movie that makes you think about reality, not a movie after the credit goes up
10,Adult ignorance is a sin. Pain is a child's job. crying
10,It was such a heartbreaking movie. It's a movie that makes me ashamed of myself for giving up half my life and living.
10,I thought it was a realism movie, but it's a movie that gives a deeper shock and lingering impression because it's reality
10,You have to be happy. I couldn't help but cry when I saw the last scene
2,The film, which won high praise and applause at Oscars and various film festivals, had more crying in the back seat at the screening than after the screening, and I think this is the difference between the East and the West.There is love in the family, but there is no classroom for fun^^;
10,Is it joy to be born in the world? Is it a curse? My head is lowered because I want to be comfortable. Isn't luxury a sin because a glass of thoughtless water depends on who dies and lives?What would it have been like if I were born as Zain?
10,Thank you for letting me see it.It's a movie that went in with a light heart and felt the weight of life.
8,It's a movie that makes you think a lot.
8,A reality that can't end with a happy ending
8,There was a lingering effect in the last scene.
8,Tragedy when parents are not like parents
9,I think the sad story went well with the role of Zain There were so many parts that made me cry, so I had a hard time holding back my tears Oh, and I was a little surprised when I saw the movie casting and explaining the current situation of the children! I think I did a great job watching it before the screening
10,It's a story of the socially disadvantaged. It's well-made from the child's perspective Even if you relate to the movie, it's hard to say that you relate to their lives It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,It was touching. It was heartbreaking.
10,I couldn't say anything for a long time after the movie.Everyone was sorry. Can even the characters in this movie be completely criticized?
10,It's so touching  I'm also the parent of a single-parent family, but I can relate to the fact that raising a child is hard enough to give up life I think it's human nature to fulfill your responsibilities.
10,I was surprised to see the movie. I was surprised to see the real story. I was surprised to see the movie. I was surprised to see the reason why I made this movie. I was surprised to see it. I'm glad I didn't know
10,There is no child born wanting to be born. It is the best.
10,I watched an unforgettable movie.
10,I transferred it raw to the screen.a documentary scenarioI sighed the whole time. At the ending...But I can't stop crying.
10,The whole time it's chilling, it's smashing me harder than anyone else in the midst of a flurry of provocative films
10,The tears I shed after watching this movie are the tears of Garbernaum.
10,What human dignity can be viewed with the eyes of a minority. I hope everyone who thinks they're unhappy will take a look at it's
10,Don't feel sorry for him. I hope he can help
10,The story of all refugee children.
10,The movie was short of 10 points. I could learn a lesson in many ways
10,It was the best. crying
10,To make you think, to show the invisible, to say what you have never been able to say
10,It made me think a lot.
10,Poverty is not a sin, but it is a sin to push children to the brink using poverty as an excuse. There is no need for irresponsible parenting.
5,There is a feeling that Europe's plight is reflected in the film's evaluation. I agree with the suffering of refugees, but the truth is that they have a desire to say, "You can't handle it, stop giving birth to them."
8,From a long standpoint, you're a cheeky person
9,What can I do for broken human dignity?
9,It's a movie that makes you think a lot
10,They are crying out for their parents and human dignity to everyone in the world One side sings, "You are born to be loved," and the other side fails to register the birth, making the situation and environment of not being a living love on this planet heartbreaking
10,It's a movie that makes me sad and sad and makes me think a lot!
10,It's heartbreaking to see that there are kids out there who don't even know they're being abused
10,My heart ached the whole time I watched it.It's a shame that there aren't many places that show this movie
10,It's a movie that's hard to say. But a good movie!
1,A movie like this... It's okay
10,a film that makes one's eyes water
10,A movie with nothing more to say. He was not even interested, but he almost threw up because he was disgusted in the part of Jesus Christians who were being silly in prison.
8,I guess the world is still bearable because strangers may be warmer than blood-sharing families.
10,I can't forget the ending scene
10,A movie that makes you think a lot
10,a heartwarming film
10,I'm sorry for the word "the best". I'm root for you
10,Jain's smile is so pretty...
9,There is also a slight intersection between Lebanon and Shandong, Seoul, 40 years ago.
10,Tears welled up Tears welled up
10,It's a touching movie that can't be believed to have starred non-professional people.
9,It depicts child abuse, poverty, and refugee issues as heart-breaking reality. I think the cast members are real refugees.
7,As an adult, you feel ashamed.
10,I wanted to be a good adult, but society didn't allow it, and I didn't have a chance, not because I didn't have the ability.  But you have to take responsibility for what you have to take responsibility for.
10,It makes me rethink how to live and what's important.
10,I hope you watch a movie that's sad and sad
10,It's a movie that makes you feel a lot...
10,I watched the movie with (G)I-DLE
8,A child who doesn't know what happiness is tries to live the world.Those who know that birth is not a blessing are in tears.
10,A movie that changes the way you think about refugees...
10,I just wanted to sit and cry even though the movie credit went upI wanted to see you smile morea heartbreaking movie
9,If the direction of the director's goal is clear, the movie's message is also powerful, and although there is no special narrative, the director's persistence makes the movie unfamiliar.
7,Poor thing, but I don't think it's rated that much. Did I look forward to it too much?
10,A movie that makes you reflect on living your life
9,It's a heartbreaking movie.You have a beautiful smile on your face
10,The most meaningful and touching movie
9,No time to cry. I'm out of breath with anxiety.ㅠ
10,It's a movie that makes me think about what's really important
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's the best
10,Life is like hell, I wanted to be a good man.
10,You'll have to watch it.
10,Thinking that they're actually having a hard time...My heart aches...To have a baby...First of all, I want to worry about whether I am ready to take responsibility, plan, and give birth.You gave birth recklessly and left the child unattended.The life that was chosen...That's too bad.
10,I was so happy and sad when Jain laughed. I think it will last for a long time
10,Thank you for the last laugh
10,Your smile is rather sad. I'm touched
10,a must-see movie
10,Someone's acting will improve over time. But you won't be able to play this movie. May the male lead grow up beautifully
10,I can't forget the look on my face.
10,Best movie ever. Jonas must have had a hard time
10,It's a movie that's touching even if you watch it again and again
10,Tears didn't stop in our lives that we couldn't even measure.
10,Because you gave birth to me. crying
10,What's wrong with a child born poor? You have to pass on the parents' karma to a child so that you don't give it to a child, don't take the pain yourself, don't break the child, give it to the child, but don't take on your own misfortune
10,At the end of the movie, I couldn't help but cry.
8,It makes me think a lot.
10,Your wish: I wanted to be respected and helpful
10,The story of pure souls bearing the horrors of life
10,I can't say anything after watching the movie. I thought what I was saying would be cheap sympathy.
8,From the first scene to the last ending, I was immersed in it. It's so realistic that I don't know if it's a documentary or a movie, and it makes me sadI hope the main character is happy^^
10,A film that reminds everyone of the importance of what they have
10,This needs to be in the "Captain Marvel" movie
10,Wow... That's awesome.
7,I think it's a movie that makes you think about human existence and the dignity of human existence
10,a miraculous movie I respect you.
10,It was the best movie ever, as if I had seen a perfect, moving, and sad documentary
10,It's a movie that's really exciting.
10,This is a movie. Let's make it like this!
9,A movie that made me realize that I have so much, "No one but me can blame me," my mother's cry, "I wanted to be respected and loved."The sight of a man struggling to get out of his situation is sinful in any words
9,It's so cruel that there's nothing I can't do
9,I have to think about the contradictions in this huge world, the things that no one cares about, and think about what I should do.
10,Poverty, human rights, the nation's bystanders... There's nothing right. It's a total level.
9,the inheritance of poverty through ignorance and irresponsibility. a film that calmly shows its violence
10,When I took a picture at the end, I got goosebumps when I smiled broadly
7,It's a good story, but it's too longㅠㅠ 90 minutes would have made sense of the message
10,This is a real movie! It's too bad I can only give you 10 points. I cried because I was so moved to see Jonas get back at the airport last time ㅜㅜ
10,I thought it would be a movie that would make me cry because I was sad, but it was a movie that I couldn't cry because it was sad but heartbreaking. It was a documentary film that showed a reality that I understood and didn't want to understand.
9,It's a frustrating human rights movie. The whole mess.
10,Throughout the movie, I held back my sadness and watched it until the end, but I ended up crying without realizing it.I hope you all watch.
9,What is human dignity? After watching the movie, it seems like my worries and wishes are boring.  I want to live more like a human being.
10,It was a meaningful movie
9,Director, actor, and director are all outstanding. As the director says, "I believe in the power of movies," I can't get out of it ~
10,When I saw Jain smile at the end, I felt a strong impression that my hair got crooked, and I could see a little baby looking at Jain anxiously while being tied up. 정말 It's been a long time since I saw this great movie
10,A movie that gives a heavy echo. When I take a picture in the last scene of smiling in the movie, I can't forget the smile
10,a movie that makes you think deeply
10,I cried a lot when I went to watch it alone I really want my parents to see it
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. I recommend you to watch it
9,I hope they can smile in real life
10,I still feel heavy even after the movie when I think of countless Zain. It's the best movie.I'm sorry even for the tears.Jain, be happy
10,This is not necessarily a story of another country.Irresponsible pregnancy and childbirth make everyone unhappy...The heart of your brother and Jonas.That affection was conveyed to me as it was..."It breaks my heart...My mom's words stab me in the chest like a knife."
10,I found out the problem of domestic violence. Adults, please reflect on yourself
10,More than anything, I was more moved after watching a meaningful movie casting story
10,a knife-stabbing film
10,I was so ashamed, so ashamed, and pathetic of myself for a few days when I cried and cried because I was a senior in high school.  What am I gonna do for them? What should I do? What can I do?
10,It's your first rating. The best movie
10,a movie full of gloomMaybe he just turned a blind eye to the fact that many people in the world are still suffering from poverty and threatened with survival.I had a lot of thoughts throughout the movie I wish I could lead the whole world not to think but to practice.
10,The last one with a bright smile
10,Ha... This kind of movie should take over the theater.
10,Make sure you watch it. Watch it twice.
10,I haven't seen a proper movie in years
10,a heartbreaking film You're responsible for the birth?  a must-see movie
10,Maybe it's something our parents might have been through.And it's even more heartbreaking to know that the young actor in the movie was cast in a similar environment
8,A story that tells us that there exists a child who cannot prove that he exists. Parents who stand by and rationalize without knowing their faults can deny the existence of their children. This suggests that the birth of irresponsible life can be a tragedy, not a blessing.
10,It's a great movie. It's a great movie.I was surprised
10,It covers a variety of topics. Refugee child abuse, uneducated people becoming parents, etc. It was bitter and thoughtful.
10,I hope many people watch this movie and sympathize with it and think deeply for a while.
10,It's a heartbreaking movieThere are a lot of alarms.
10,I'd like to donate to the Gavanaugh FoundationI watched it with the kids, and they were touchedI was embarrassed as an adult the whole timeI can't believe such a good movie is in such a small theater.I hope many people watch it
10,This movie is an extreme case, but as soon as Korea is born, the class is divided by the family background and economic power, and the possibility is trampled by society.the inheritance of poverty.Seeing young people and beginners working hard now, I think it's better not to have children.
10,It's my first time getting a rating. It's just the best
10,The kids and the cast didn't act well, they just recreated their lives.It's sad
9,The actors were amazed by the street casting and applauded their performance.I also cheer for their hard lives.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot about childbirth and a sense of responsibility
10,I want to thank the director for letting me know that this is still a sad, painful movie
10,Wow, that's great. A lot of things.
10,a story someone must be going through
10,Reflections on my life that I thought was unhappy
10,They're not all professional actors.I felt more sad because I thought the acting was not acting, but it was a happy ending, so I felt a little comfortable, but it remains in my stomach as if I had an upset stomach somewhere.
9,I remember the last scene, Ja-in's smile
10,It's so touching
10,"You have to become a good adult."
8,I thought about why people live
8,In a very different world, I was a blessed man
10,As the largest exporter of adoption, I have nothing to say.Poverty does not save the nation.
10,It's a really good movie. I strongly recommend it
10,It's such a shame that there are so few theaters for such movies. All human beings should be respected. It's a work that showed it with eyes.
8,Please let it spread.
10,Is life a curse, not a gift, for those who have "survival" everything? Will they have God? What does God look like to them? That's the movie that made me ask myself this question
10,"My mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife."Jain, Jonas, Sahar, Raheel.
10,Zain and Jonas are so cute and their acting is so realistic. It's a movie that gives a lot of messages
10,It's been a long time since I felt overwhelmed at the theater and reflected on myselfThe acting skills of all the cast members are beyond description
10,Someone will still be despised, hurt, and in pain, so may the world come to embrace them.
10,A movie you shouldn't miss. It is also surprising that they cast and filmed real refugees.
10,For the first time in my 30 years of life, I have a GPA. It was a movie that made me think about many things. I can't forget every expression on my mind. I hope that God's blessing will be filled in your future.
10,I'm so ashamed of being greedy and whining about life. I'm touched and complimented
10,I was so touched by the movie
10,I've never seen such a heartbreaking movie
10,Wow... Whose fault is it?
10,Life and movies that I don't dare comment on
8,I feel dizzy because the screen is shaking. I have a lot of thoughts at the end
10,It's a movie that's so immersive and heartbreaking.No, it's reality.
10,Please don't let me have any more babies I can't stop crying even after the movie.I can feel the pain that the child must have had.I want everyone to see it
10,Look at this! It makes me look back on my life
10,Look at this! It makes me look back on my life
10,Director, you're amazing Nam Joo's sad eyes are lingering
10,Your acting is amazing. It's so touching
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot about life.
10,A movie that anyone who's going to be a parent should watch once. It tells us that we all have a right to be loved and respected.
10,It showed the blind spots of life so realistically and sadly that it was so hard and painful throughout the movie. But I think it's a meaningful pain enough, and I think it's all about the movie that I'll think about reverently at least once.
10,I'm sure she's just like me
10,Did you feel that their lives were uncivilized? You think you're more human than them because your lives are better than them?We were just lucky.
10,I can't forget the face of Jain, who sent Jonas and looked back and laughed for the first time at the end ㅠㅠ
10,Will we be different after watching this movie?
10,It made me look back on my life and thought that I had lived a wrong life, and it was a movie that was able to immerse myself in the movie for a second without any tools
10,The best movie! It's a great movie!I was surprised again that it was filmed with real people and I want everyone to watch it!! It's my favorite movie
10,I was so overwhelmed by the children's lives. I think it's a movie that makes such a heartbreaking story really well, and I feel responsible for paying more attention to the world I live in.
10,A movie that depicts the reality that is still happening somewhere.
10,I was very sad because the movie was a reflection of reality.
10,I happened to watch the movie on time, so I trusted the rating. Your eyes make me think a lot. After the movie was over, I sat for a long time and burst into tears. I hope many people watch it
10,I'll look for volunteer work. ㅜㅜ
10,It was a long film. Recommend.
10,It was a good movie that made me feel a lot of things. It's touching.
10,A movie that makes me cherish my life now
10,There are difficulties in life everywhere, but I am thankful for my life now and I will live by helping my neighbors in need with love
10,The way he hugs the baby,
10,The 12-year-old boy's cry is tearful and heartbreaking.It's a movie that will remain in my memory for a long timeI strongly recommend it
10,Oh... Really... My heart aches with pity ㅜㅜ
10,It is a refugee movie, but it is very difficult.It's unfortunate, but it's still a little uncomfortable.
10,The least protectedYou're saving NARS
10,It was so sad. Life of miserable children. I've come to think again. In all the world, children suffer the most. I want to make a lot of money later and help
10,Refugees should receive dignity and love as human beings. It is a painful movie.
10,It makes me think a lot. You must see it.
10,If you're disappointed or upset that you're pregnant with an unwanted gender after trying to have another daughter or another son, watch this movie and calm down. You will welcome a new life with true love.
10,I couldn't help but cry when I saw you smiling. I can't explain how sad it is ㅠㅠ I hope you can be happy in real lifecrying
10,The director is amazing! It's like an election beyond the limits of the movie - I wondered if it was possible to be this natural. Devilish adults, heartbroken by the warlike reality. I feel suffocated. Thanks for laughing, Zain
10,Have we ever felt that life was dirtier than my shoes when we were 12 years old? It was not a sad movie, but a movie that made my heart heavy.
10,Someone said that living is like hell. Someone who resents her parents...Someone who doesn't have a dream...Hell Chosun, you can watch it at least once
10,Don't say Hell Joseon. I know you mean it, but this movie won't make it
10,I'm tearing up and my heart is breaking
10,It's a movie that resonates a lot. I think it'll linger for a long time
10,The adult seat, especially the parental seat, is a film that tells us that there is a great deal of responsibility, and it also makes us think that refugee issues should be more concerned.
10,If you have a 2 to 3 year old baby or if you are a parent, please watch it.
10,It's not boring at all. It's fun I heard you cast actors. That's
10,I really enjoyed it!
10,The best movie... I paid 10,000 won and watched it. It wouldn't have been a waste if I said 1 million won
10,The best movie. I could feel how fierce the life of the main character child was It's not acting, it's realistic detail, especially the scene where you smile at the end
10,But you're still going to be born
10,Actor's acting, director's directing, scenario, everything close to perfection.
10,It was sad but I got more angry.The fact that you're having a baby in the second half of the reality is...I agree that every child is a parent's greed.
10,It's a touching movie. Jain is the best!
9,I felt relieved only when I saw the last smile of Jain. I hope the earth will be where lovely children can live happily.
3,I love these realist accusations, but the storyline is plain and boring. The camera work was good.  The story is a bit disappointing. But it's a movie that makes me thankful that I was born in Korea, where the country protects me and the system protects me
8,I thought the content would be heavy, but I lost track of time because the kid was so cute. She's so pretty when she's so pretty
10,Wow, it is a heartbreaking movie, but at the end, I can smile. Even though it is surprising that the actor was really a refugee, it still lingers. I recommend this movie!
10,I couldn't take my eyes off the screen.This is really a movie.
10,It's not a sympathetic movie. It was a movie that showed how painful the reality of the bottom of Middle Eastern society can be.
10,While watching the movie, I thought about what I could do to help children who were neglected by adults' faults and indifference. My heart ached so much.
10,I can't forget the devastated look on my face as I put my child in a pot and walked down the streetI support you to live a valuable life with a new life in Norway
7,A movie that appreciates living now. It's too bad that it's 130,000. Because of the screen quota, childish Korean movies like bungeoppang are over 200,000 to 300,000 won.I hope to reduce the screen quota and see many of these masterpieces. People should also raise standards.
10,I didn't think much and I feel heavy
10,The difficult and hopeless reality of Syrian refugees...As the war engulfed the nation, the people could not be treated as a person without nationality, and the babies born grew up without a birth registration, and they were kicked out of the hospital even if they were hurt.I'm so sad
6,Rather than poor standards and criticism of standards, the child's deep and heavy eyes represent everything.
10,Zain Alaphia... I wish you happiness and blessings.
8,an uncomfortably stark film Nevertheless, the reason why we cannot turn a blind eye to the screen and reduce the rating is that it is a reality that we should be responsible for. The story of the director and the production crew, which continues after the movie, leaves the film's completeness out of the film's category.
10,It's a movie that makes me realize that I have to live like a parent I've come all the way here on purpose because there aren't many theatersa commercial world in which good movies have become difficult to watch comfortably
10,I must not forget that there are always people who are suffering on the other side of the comfort and comfort I enjoy.
10,It's a must-see movie once.
10,Well, like that, is it real?It's been a while since I watched a meaningful movie
10,It was so sad if everyone saw it
10,Sigh, my heart aches.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
9,The expression of the last character lingers in my mind. It is natural that all human beings should be respected and loved, but it breaks my heart behind the reality that they are not. After watching the movie, I hope that change will happen in reality so that we can get away from selfishness and have a little prejudice against refugees
9,In the Middle East, France, Lebanon,
10,I can't forget Jonas' innocent face in Zain's
9,The main character, Zaindu, is amazing, but...I think the directors who shot the movie with all their lives are amazing. This is what I want to do.
10,A real movie with a message!
10,Thank you to the production crew for rescuing the children. And what should I see and do. What can you do?
9,It's heartbreaking, but I feel sorry and hate for myself because I know it will only end with this heartbreaking feeling. I think I have to live with myself in my heart for the rest of my life.
10,Acting was possible because it was them
9,The truth I knew but didn't want to know this much. Children who show their lives, not acting, are the most impressive. It's a movie that's worth watching and thinking about. Truth
9,It was nice to be able to think deeply after a long time.
10,The bitter aftertaste still makes my heart ache
10,A true story that happens on the other side of the world! a poignant movie
10,I got to know Gavanaugh after watching a TV program movie. I was so into it that I went to the movie theater and watched it.I kept getting emotional. It was so good that I wanted to see it again. There aren't many theaters, so I watched it from afar, but I don't think it's a waste of time to move.
10,The main character boy who was trying to wipe away the tears to survive and save continues to glimmer! I'm worried about how to live well and what I can do for people who are born the same human being under the same sky and whose basic dignity has been trampled on
10,I can't say it's not the best. 126 minutes felt short. I wish you happiness, who was stronger than an adult
10,These days, it's not easy to meet touching movies. It was outstanding. ^^
10,..so that I can be sad and think a lot
9,I look back on myself for not being satisfied with what I was given. I hope everyone can watch a meaningful movie
10,It's a movie that we must watch in this era.It was impressive
9,Look at the people who live fast and have a hard life
10,I want to thank the director for making this movieI think this is a movie
10,A movie that children and parents should watch together
10,A movie that anti-abortion people want to watch
10,I couldn't get up afterwards
10,When the movie is over, many things come to me.It gives deep thought to who did something wrong and what was wrong.There is a reason why actors' words and actions are not just acting, but come true.I want everyone to watch this movie.
10,It's a movie that gave a lot of exclamation marks to the question, "How will you live?" It's a meaningful movie that gives us a chance to think about the society we live in.
10,It's more tragic because it's not acting but reality
10,From acting to directing, it's a woman's cleanest wood.
10,I felt pity.
10,It was so sad and touching.
10,I think about my qualifications to be a parent. There seem to be a lot of people who shouldn't be parents. It's not just the lack of money. You need a personality test before you become a parent.
10,You have to see it. It makes you feel responsible.
10,A movie that you'd regret if you hadn't watched it.
10,I remembered Gavanaugh and prayed for the children of that land.A man who is more mature than his parents!Every little act of you who cares about your brother Sahar still remains sad
10,At 10:40pm, the movie was shown near the neighborhood for the last time, so I put it off and saw it, and the story about this neighborhood is very gloomyBut it's a relief that you saw it until the endIt was a meaningful movie after a long time
10,I think a movie with a message and a movie that makes you think a lot is a real movie, but this movie is like that.
10,It's a great movie. The director and the actors who actually acted seem to have seen a documentary.The director who captures this on video is respectful and amazing. I hope you watch it. More than 100 Marvel movies plastered with flashy CGs...
9,We, who witnessed everything through the movie, must look back. If you don't do it after seeing it, it can be a real help
10,A cute Jonas. a commendable person I wish you happiness
10,A movie that makes me feel sad. The movie that I want many people to see...
10,If you can't guarantee the minimum right to live like a human being, you shouldn't give birth
10,It's the best move ever
9,Somewhere on Earth, this reality is still...I feel overwhelmed.
10,It was sadder to see your last smile.a great movie
9,Born in South Korea.A movie that makes me feel grateful for meeting good parents.with a heavy heart
9,Don't make a fuss
10,It's such a good movie. I can't forget the feeling of sadness after watching it
10,The pain of life, the beauty in it, and the real acting
10,Sigh... The reality is that I feel sorry for even shedding a tear. The world is driven by the 1% who have all that money
10,I was surprised that the actors were not actors, and the movie had a lot of meaning.
10,I think it's a challenge for a respectable director. I thought it was cool because my philosophical belief in my work was clear in my acceptance speech that the movie was not only for release, but also for making me think. I feel so grateful for the environment given to me. I enjoyed it. Please watch it.
9,I hope a lot of people saw it.
10,a movie with a heavy message
7,Rekindling thoughts of motherhood. What a bunch of women who abandon their children irresponsibly due to financial difficulties. It's a movie that single mothers must watch because a child who doesn't have to avoid it or give up on children is responsible for being the head of the household
9,Wounded children cover too early. (My Mister)
1,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high. Not to this extent
10,I can't forget the smile of my last selfA real movie that you really need to watch.
10,When it was released, I couldn't watch it because there was no theater, but I watched it as soon as it was released on Olleh TV. Bohemian Rhapsody also became a movie with 10 million viewers by word of mouth. "Gavanaugh" doesn't have a theater in itself.I hope it will be re-released even in the distant future.
9,The unbearable lightness of existence.No one can be born by choice
10,Even the teaching voice is soft
10,It is a movie that makes us think about the best part of the world we live in. I felt that this was a real movie. I hope many people will watch this movie.
9,We shed tears throughout the movie, but we couldn't even afford to cry freely...
10,Actually, I didn't watch the movie. I made a reservation for 5 o'clock, but when I woke up from bed, it was 5:30. I'll make sure to watch it this weekend.
10,I felt that it was a luxury that I'm having a hard time now.
9,the desperate cry of a child who grew up before his parents A good world should be a world where children can live.
10,It's a movie where you can see the reality of life happening in one place in the world.
10,Don't forget the obvious reality
10,I wish you a better life.
10,Life movie. Applause for the attempt, applause for the purpose, applause for the direction
10,A movie where you can think about giving birth and raising children without responsibility
10,It makes me think a lot and it lingers for a long time! It's touching.
10,It's one of the famous paintings I haven't seen in a long time.Even if the cast members are not professional actors, they can be touched like this. I was thrilled to see that there is a noble world of human beings who do not give in to poverty and adversity, and that even young children can protect it^^
10,I was ashamed of the lipstick that rolled around because I bought it and didn't use it.
10,I hope this movie will lead a better life
9,A movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings...
10,The depth of anger and growing pains is when neither I nor my parents nor my religion can protect me, nor I can protect my younger sister and my younger sibling.
10,The last smile... I don't think I'll forget, Zane
10,It's a good movie with deep emotion.
10,It's my first time to watch a movie for more than two hoursMake sure you watch it. It's the first time in your 40s
10,You shouldn't be a parent before you watch this movie
10,You just have to watch it! You have to watch it!
10,I'm going to write a score for the first time I don't think 10 stars can capture the echoes and teachings of this movie  I commend the director
10,The last scene, more powerful than any other movie.
9,It was a movie that made me realize so many things with immersion during the long running time. I was once again surprised that the young actors acted really well and were actual refugees.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel heavy and makes me think a lot. Thank you.
10,Is it a pathetic refugee movie? I was sorry for the prejudice. It starts with a foreign movie, but it feels like I came out after watching a Korean movie. The genius actors were amazing, pleased, and pretty.
10,A movie cut deep like a blade. Whenever I think of Jain, I keep tearing up these days. I will keep this weight of tears in my heart for a long time and remember them so that they do not become light sympathy tears. ZAIN, SMILE !
10,It's like a movie about a child's life in reality, not an actor, and I became more immersed in it. It's not that I'm happy just because others are unhappy, but my casual daily life is like a dream for someone. I thought I should not forget it and live with gratitude
10,Am I a responsible adult? The movie made me think that. My life character, Zain...
10,Crazy movie... I was so surprised that he had no acting experience It's heartbreaking that her eyes are real, not acting
10,A movie that's so heartbreaking and sad.I want to look up all the other films of director Lee.
9,I had a hard time holding back my tears.
10,a story about your life
10,Don't talk about refugees, people who haven't lived an hour of their lives
10,A movie I want to show everyone ㅠㅠ
10,If you can't take care of your children, don't give birth
9,Kavanaugh, who fell to the grave in exchange for sins committed by the elders, the young angels who were thoroughly trampled in them. Lord, they are all your children.
10,I watched it heartbreakingly. It was heartbreaking to see the current social problem that I couldn't turn a blind eye to.
10,All the audience members sat with their hearts filled with reality, and no one moved to the end of the subtitles.That's what's touching
10,After the movie, the curtain went up, but no one stood up. I couldn't get up.I don't think it's just sympathy, it's praise for acting, but it's just a bit of gloom and deep thought about the film itself
10,It was so hard to watch the whole time, but the movie everyone should feel the pain.
10,I hope Korean people will feel uncomfortable after watching this movie
10,Life movie. The power to appreciate who I am and to think about human rights
10,A movie that makes the movies I've seen so far insignificant.What a bloody world it is it?
10,ㅜㅜ There are a lot of parents in Seoul who just gave birth and couldn't take responsibility for itSeriously. It's a masterpiece!ㅜㅜ
10,I watched a movie because of my friend's recommendationI feel like I'm still in the back of my mindI want to see other people at least once
10,Great movie, great director!
10,I keep thinking that my life is dirtier than shoes...I can't forget the way you kissed Yones and cried while cutting your hairI think it's been a while since I saw a trick that memory
9,a film beyond description
10,The present reality is heartbreaking. Although Zain is young and unlearned, he makes me reflect on myself in the way he does his best responsibly even in a difficult life It's a very touching movie
10,I was surprised that the little actor who played Zain was so good at acting, but I was surprised again why I had to. I cried a lot.
10,Why do I cry at the laughter of the last person, I hope you are really happy.
10,It's a movie that I watch with pain like a knife.
10,I think everyone should watch the movie at least once.
10,It's a movie, so that's a no-smoking candle.Uh, that's not gonna be real.But the last comment before the ending credits was a child who was actually a Syrian refugee.How dare I say hope for the indiscriminate neglect and abuse of children on the other side of the globe?
10,Why universal birth registration is needed...It's a movie that tells you with a gentle touch~~~
10,It impresses me a lot and makes me deeply reflect on myself.
10,I don't know what to say.No comment seems to express the value of the film.
10,There weren't many movies I wanted to recommend to people around me, but this time it's different
10,I really want this reality to disappear anywhere in the world~~
10,It's a work that can't be expressed in numbers. ㅠ
10,Make sure you watch it. I knew why you got a standing ovation
8,It was a little explanatory, but his acting overwhelmed everything!
10,I see despair that can't do anything, spirits that will work without help from the side by side
10,Your last smile is so pretty and sentimental that it will linger for a long time.
10,It was so goodRather than just accepting it as a movie, we have an opportunity to think about it together, participate together, share together, and empathize with each other
10,I was surprised to see the ending caption that he's a Syrian refugee I learned a lot from this movie You didn't do anything wrong. It's the irresponsible adults. I hope irresponsible adults reflect on themselves after watching the movie because the children who are loved and raised are suffering from hunger and poverty
10,It was a bit cliche, but Jain's performance? was enough to offset it and indulge it He's the youngest actor to change his record.
10,The smile brought tears to my eyes.
10,They didn't cast actors, they knew they were kids who played real experiences.
10,Until now, I have donated tens of thousands of won every month to help refugees, and I have never thought about how difficult the world of refugees is.  I felt so pathetic when I watched this movie because I was planning to be extravagant with bags, clothes, and shoes that I didn't have. I'm going to make a lot of money and donate it
9,The cry of a child who is obviously unhappy and tearful.However, the movie is more uncomfortable because "The Shout" is not empathy but sympathy.
10,All of his acting is great. He wasn't even a real actor, but every expression on his face was heartbreaking
10,It was so realistic that I couldn't hold back my tears when Ji-an laughed the last time the pain came in.
10,A boy's cry for the right not to be born. My heart sinks within me.
10,While watching the movie, I felt sorry for my sadness and became endlessly shabby. This is because my unemployed effort seemed no different from any other bystander in the movie as I pretended to be a good person with a generous sympathy.
10,Please don't let my parents have any more children
10,Sakhar, who failed to keep it. Jonas couldn't keep his promise. And finally abandoned himself. Zain shows the day of many weak people who are not protected by such desperate struggle.It's so realistic.a hand extended by one's own hand No, I hope we can hold your thrown hand
10,It's a movie that makes me cry a lot because I'm sad and sorry.I'm sorry, Zain, Jonas.I recommend you to watch it at the theater. See with your eyes why there should be no war and what kind of life those refugee children live.
9,She can smile so beautifully.I cried when I saw him smile
10,The movie's gaze overlooking the houses of the poor with the roofs pressed by tires makes us all like "Gods in Pain." Is it God or us who turn away from them? A movie that makes you worry ^^;;
10,A movie that considers the heart of God through the protagonist, compassion and anger for human weakness, greed, and ignorance
10,It's a masterpiece. Real...
10,I think I can still hear what you were saying with your eyes.There's a lot of afterimage left.
10,It is heartbreaking. I remember a kid selling bracelets on the street during his trip to the Philippines.
10,A cruel world, a heartless parent, a child who grew up so fast...  Hell ain't over yet.
10,The last scene is the best movie I've ever seen. Thank you for the good movie.
10,I'd like to file a complaint against people who didn't give me a 10 rating^^
10,I recommend it. That's too bad. I get angry while watching it.
10,You're the best. I cried the whole time
10,I think I need a lot of attention and help in that situation as I feel sad that I can't say anything
9,A movie that is more heartbreaking to know that reality is more than a movie
10,At the individual level, we don't see a solution. I watched it with frustration.
10,Ten years later, 50 years later, 100 years later... It is a movie that will be talked about twice as much as time goes by. You can get scolded by your child who raised you right if you haven't seen a movie like this. Make sure you watch it.
9,Thank you for the great movie.
10,Humans soon go extinct.It's just a matter of when that time is.
10,Children's basic lives must be protected You have to be responsible for the name of your parents
10,..I was so happy and heartbroken to see Jain's smile at the end. He's only 12 years old.
10,I think this movie should be done in a big movie theater so that everyone can watch it and participate in changing the world, but it's a shame that it's done in an art movie theater that resonated with me about what I should do in my life
10,Do we hear their cries?
10,Unlike them, who live like they're dead every day, we're trying to go to college
10,It's a movie that made us think about what to do from the perspective of living comfortably with a new angle that there will be many people living in difficulty in the world.
10,I saw it well... It's making my heart ache...
10,the best work of all time, a painting of a terrible relationships
10,It was the first time that I couldn't calm down after the movie. I can't forget the last kid's smile
10,Where did it go wrong and the world is weighing on this child's shoulders?
8,A lot of female audiences are crying. It's a movie that makes your heartbreakingThank you
10,It was such a touching and great acting
10,I recommend you to watch it~~
8,Jain is young and does his best to Jonas, but when he cries on the bus back from the inevitable situation, everyone has to grow up preciously
10,This movie should be watched by the whole nation.
10,I'm afraid I'll forget this movie
9,You're the best. You're the best. You're the best
9,I wonder if it's happening in this era. It makes me look back on the reality of our country. I once again thought that children's basic rights should be guaranteed anywhere and at any moment.
9,I wanted to be respected and a good person
10,It is human instinct to want to be loved. Everyone should be loved.
10,It's a movie that can't leave even after the movie is over.I was so sad
10,Spending two hours watching this movie is the best thing I did this year
10,Best movie. Mental economic parental qualification.
8,the darkness that can't
9,It's a movie that many people want to see. I have a lot of thoughts. I want to watch it and have a discussion
10,Let's all live together.
10,Watching movies makes me feel sadA movie that you must watch. A movie that's worth paying for without getting a discount
10,It was touching and sad crying
10,I'm sorry I'm only shedding tears.
10,Children cannot be chosen, but parents can be chosen. Jain's father said he would be reassured if he had a family and children, but I only had a hard time. There are many people around us who have children for this reason. Please choose from the child's point of view. The conditions of parents that can be passed down materially and emotionally
9,"Gavanaugh" is not an easy movie to watch, but it's something everyone wants to see at least once. (To add a little bit of exaggeration, when the movie was over, both men and women were sobbing.)
10,Heartbreaking sad movie, just that it's actually happening now. All children have the right to be protected until adulthood.
10,The world was too harsh for a child who wanted to be a good adult.
10,It shows a dark side to the earth, accusing people of not being equal. I guess there's no casual passing events or characters. Truth and lies! Life is strongly recommended when you live beyond hunger. Humility! Embarrassment!The fact that adults live like adults...
9,It was a touching movie, and it made me look around.
10,His acting is impressive, as he goes through life without parental care
10,The lingering feeling lingers for several days. The smile of the last self lingers in my head.
10,It's a shame why there are so few movie theaters showing these kinds of movies. It's a heart-rending movie.
10,It was worth the time and money If Korea says, "Cry, you little ones!" foreign countries naturally shake people's hearts in a flowing story and make them cry naturally at the peak
9,Thank you so much. I felt it!
10,Refugees who are angry at their parents' ignorance and selfishness and are in that environment. Illegal aliens. Children were sad, upset, and their anger was a reliefout of consideration for Nar and Sahar's younger brothersHe's relieved by his last smile.
9,Even in the reality of pain, Jain takes care of Jonas as best he can.  Before that, he did so to protect his sister Sahar. Human dignity is born from there. Should the misery of reality be improved? Even if the reality is miserable, there is definitely something we can do now.
10,Korea's poor entertainment film, which has 15 million viewers, has a different message from "Extreme job. Still, the poor movie hit 15 million because of the tragedy and lack of insight caused by the screen monopoly for self-interest
1,They're doing well right now
10,This is how I get my life movie...a wordless film
8,President Park Chung-hee who helped me escape from poverty.
8,The real, real selfish people in the world are their parents.
10,Instead of providing endless support to Africa and refugee countries, appropriate contraception should be given first. In Korea, people who are not economically capable tend to have many children. I think I'm poor because I don't have plans
10,When she smiles at the end, I cry because she's so pretty. She's so pretty that she can smile.
10,a realistic work
10,It's good. It's really good...
10,You're an acting genius!
10,I have seen many movies, but this kind of movie was rare. I was really moved
8,Desperate appeals from each actor to each actor.
10,It was a movie that made my heart ache all the time. It was too much for a 12-year-old child to bear. The main character's parents continued to act irresponsibly without any conditions to raise their children, and the damage was so scary in the movie that the children were left with.
10,A film that shows the lives of refugees with a calm gaze. Now my worries are heavy on their lives, which are not given anything basic enough to feel like luxury. What kind of life should we live? What mindset should we live with?
10,I was embarrassed throughout the movie.
10,What made your life like this?It lingers in my head throughout the movie.
10,It was a movie that resonated deeplyYour first and last smile is so pretty
10,It's not acting. It's real documentary. Kids, let's live happily in the future. Jonas is so pretty
10,Don't have children if you don't have money and don't have the confidence to be a good father or mother. It's the worst crime committed against a child.
9,The first hour was a little boring and I was immersed in the next hour. It's worth watching.
10,I felt various emotions while watching the outer ear at the new starting point.
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time
10,Actions are responsible...
10,I really enjoyed it. I was touched by Jain's smile in the last scene ㅠ
10,I can't forget your smile at the ending scene.
10,A child sues his parents for failing to fulfill their responsibilities, fulfilling their responsibilities to a newborn that is not mixed with blood
10,It's perfect! It's really good! It's the best!
10,The one that I chose after watching the preview.Gavanaugh...It's my favorite movie. I would have regretted it if I didn't watch it.^^
10,My heart ached at his smile. May that smile continue
9,It's brilliant. It' It's touching.
10,Even at this hour, the miserable life that is happening anywhere in the world...The uncomfortable and harsh truth that human life in a tragic environment turns a blind eye to God.
9,hot tears streaming with all sorts of thoughts
10,If you were happy ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I thought it was like a documentary, but as expected, the person who played the role of Jain was a real refugee.
10,The best movie that really doesn't need a modifier
10,My mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife. I wish a child could be like a child.
10,The best movie ever! I hope the Gavanaugh Foundation will continue to help children. I can't forget your eyes. It's a must-see movie. I recommend it
10,The desperation of a little brother who wanted to protect his brother.
10,The movie I have seen so far is not a movie.My best movie.
10,It's a movie that I'm grateful to see the desperation of refugee life that I couldn't see up close. Don't treat them with our selfishness, the refugees they didn't want
2,After watching a movie, I saw a kid dressed up as a luxury item and it's bitter
10,It's a must-see movie that's different from the box office hits these days
10,The adults I've seen... The children in the world are happy without conditions
10,A must-see movie!killing
10,My heart aches so much At the end, it was time to look back on myself when I smiled at Jain
10,Unprepared parents can be evil.
10,The baby I'm trying to convey is engraved in my heart
9,It's so unrealistic, but it's ironic that it's still happening in reality. He dreamed of happiness, but he wanted to find the reason for existence in the hope of life that grew farther and farther as time went by, so tearful that he had no choice but to stay blank for a while. Jain, may you be happy now.
10,It's a movie that makes me speechless
10,I cried silently when I looked happy
10,"I sue you for giving me birth" wasn't an obvious new drama. The framed composition made me immerse myself endlessly. At first, I admired Jain's worldly art and survival skills, who was only 12 years old, but gradually lamented. A child shouldn't be like this. It's obviously child abuse.
10,It was so touching to see you taking care of your sister even at that young age. It's a movie I won't forget. It ended and you didn't get up again. It's so sad
10,I press my heart sadly all the time.
10,The life of the underdogs I was crying when Sahar was dragged away
10,I couldn't believe I was living in the same world.
9,나는 존경받고 사랑받는 좋은 남자가 되기를 기대하고 있었다. 하지만 신은 그걸 원하지 않아.
10,a touch of truth and sincerity
10,It's too bad I didn't see it at the movie theater. There are so many movie theaters, but why are there only these theaters? I think I watched a well-made movie that has no need for directing and acting story in a long time
10,I can't forget your smile at the end.Through this movie, I think again about how painful life is to live without hope without confirming my existence. It was so heartbreaking. I hope that day comes when everyone smiles.
8,I feel sorry for the reality of those who don't even have a choice. a vicious circle of povertyMeanwhile, the fleas' livers... May they be happy soon.And I hope the help is crazy.
9,What is happiness satisfaction in a movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings?
10,I need to think deeply about refugees and illegal aliens
10,The world we live in from our own perspective. The aftertaste lingers strongly.
10,It was a touching movie.
9,I can't believe it's so hard to see her smile
9,The first movie that I watch alone will be remembered for a long time
8,I was able to relax at the end It was so heartbreaking and sad
10,When I travel, I want to see and feel only beautiful things. So, I and people are looking at them, who made our trip uncomfortable. I just remembered those views and suddenly felt so overwhelmed. Why didn't I ever think the other way around?
10,Thinking too much, Syria, poverty, the sins of parents
10,It is heartbreaking that I can't do anything for you, but I have no choice but to express my comfort only with tears. a heartbreaking film I recommend it. Each scene and each line makes me think a lot.
10,Rather than singing and handing out supplies, people who help in life, like Rahill, who let him sleep, or Johas, seem to give hope to the recipient more I can't change the world, but I can help someone around me
10,I remembered a lot more children who were not in the movie who were suffering, and the lingering feeling after the movie was as if it were an aftereffect
10,I was embarrassed to watch a movie about Gavanaugh, lamenting my life in a warm place
10,My heart aches... -ㅜ
10,Jain, live happily like the last smile ㅠㅠ
10,I slept off tonight because I didn't feel enough to just describe it as sad.
10,Why does Jain's smile break my heart ㅠㅠ
10,The movie that left an impression on the last scene
9,A child you will never forget, a child who should never be forgotten.
10,The lingering feeling in the last scene was more powerful than any other movie
9,May all the people of the world regain their smiles
10,I strongly recommend it! Make sure to watch it!
10,I feel so overwhelmed
10,It's a movie that I really wanted to hug myself It's a movie that lingers a lot
10,You can act like that from experience.It's too bad this is what's happening.I'm sorry.
10,Best movie in the first half of this year
10,I just have a lot of thoughts
8,The two eyes of a boy who left a strong fire in my heart. Will I be able to forget? Will I be able to turn a blind eye?
8,I remember them
10,A movie that makes me feel sad.
10,If you can't take responsibility, live alone
10,A movie that makes you realize a lot and look back on it
10,A movie that everyone should watch
10,The most precious movie ever, "Gavanaugh," makes everyone watch, realize, and live their lives with gratitude
10,I can't forget their eyes ㅜㅜ
10,I've abandoned cheap compassion. It was a movie that I felt a lot.
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,I pray for God's grace
10,I love you, Jane. I want to keep this movie forever
10,I couldn't stand up because of the indescribable darkness It's a good movie that makes me think a lot It's such a waste to see only a few people
10,During the two-hour running time, I never thought Jian's expression was awkward. I didn't know that expressionless, sad eyes could turn into an innocent smile so easily. Poverty did not smile, but they were beautiful when they laughed the same way.
10,The refugees were the same people as me  I didn't know that.
10,It's perfect. It's a movie that I still remember
8,It's so realistic that it's shocking and heartbreaking, but it's a movie that has a meaning to think about
10,When I heard it was an ID picture. Your smile is so pretty that I feel emotional
10,When the mother who visited Zain said she had a child, Zain felt angry with her mother and told her not to visit again. Adults protest that the situation is unavoidable, but children are living in hell because of adults' effortless behavior.
9,I hope you don't feel sad anymore
10,Jonas' eyes acting is the best!
10,"I'm ashamed of myself for looking at refugees and poverty because it's a different world from mine." "Let's not just be moved by the movie, let's change it to action."
10,The responsibility was so heavy and suffocating to see the little one take care of another all day long in the best way he could crying
8,The main character's intense eyes, uncomfortable truth, uncomfortable reality, and responsibility
10,Why isn't it showing in the movie theater?
9,A movie that many adults want to watch and reflect on. And a movie that many teenagers want to watch and think deeply about. I hope that there will be no one in the world whose birth is a misfortune.
9,Good, good. It's really good
10,a work that makes one think about the function of a movie
10,It's like a documentary movie, so it feels more real. It's and it's touching
9,A movie that I want to watch two or three times over and over again.
10,Heartbreaking story. The reality that's still happening somewhere
10,A movie that makes you think deeply as much as a touching story
9,It is heartbreaking to see the child trying to protect Jonas responsibly without losing his humanity even in difficult reality.
9,A poignant reminder of adults' poor excuses.
10,I strongly sympathized with his words that he was sick of his parents' irresponsibility.  How could she act like that? It breaks my heart as a mother.At this rate, I won't be able to do anything for them. But it was a movie that made me think a lot
10,It was a really good movie. I came to approach the practical difficulties that refugees face. However, as I watched it, I remembered the pain of others I had read before. I don't want this movie to end up just spending other people's pain. I hope everyone can see it.
10,It's a great movie. I was wondering how the little kid would act like that, but the actual refugee casting... I thought it was so natural because the life I saw and experienced melted, but I was heartbroken by such a cruel reality. I feel like I've seen someone's life in plain sight, not a movie.
10,It shows clearly and calmly. lamenting poverty
10,I watched it with my middle school daughter. He said he didn't watch this kind of movie, but he focused on it not long after the movie started. We talked a lot after watching it. I also recommend watching it with teenagers
10,Too bad there aren't many theaters. I hope many people will watch this movie
10,A film as poignant as an old rickshaw that reminded me of child abuse refugees
9,a movie that makes one's whole body stiff under the weight of a child's truth
10,It's a must-see movie.I watched it with my middle school son, and he felt a lot of things. It's a shame there aren't many theaters
10,I should come back with my sister
10,a film that makes you think about your responsibilities as a parent
10,The movie tells the life of child labor, abuse, first marriage, illegal aliens and refugees through the lives of Zain and Zain. I felt sad and helpless, but I also gained the power to act on the clear messege delivered by the coach. It became my dream to keep the dream of a good adult.
9,Just look at it and tell me. Give me a press rating
10,Why didn't I think about this? Maybe I didn't think about it
10,The last scene of a child smiling to make the first certificate of his life made me cry
10,a poignant drama a pinnacle in harsh reality of harshness.
10,It was a movie that broke my heart throughout the movie, but at the end, I was relieved and cried.
8,It was a good movie that raised many issues regarding the human rights of children and women.
10,A movie that depicts the uncomfortable reality that we all need to know. Thank you for making a good movie.
10,Even though the environment is too poor for a young boy to endure, it seems to have touched the child's hard chest more like a takyu
10,Selfish parents the pain of children who have no choice but to grow up under them
9,The video that left an impression...
10,It's so sadcrying
9,It's a movie that shows the reality and makes you feel desperate
9,If you are a person, the desperate heart that you feel will remain in your heart for a long time.
10,A movie that makes me feel emotional.
7,It's a movie that makes you reflect on yourself
8,It's a touching story.Even though they're young, their acting is not that light
10,I could even feel the displeasure of the mother who complained that she was a mother who lost her daughter Parents are the result of their choices and causes, but they are fully dealing with the pain of their children without the right to choose, and even when they hear that they are doing it in front of them, they are mothers who lost their daughters?
9,A movie that makes you feel sorry to say it's fun
10,Project Slumdog Millionaire, Florida. These two films have helped us realize the existence of children being abused and imprinted on us by GarbernaumI hope that the birth of all the children in this land is a blessing What can we do for them?I'm only crying. I'm so sorry.
10,It's a good movie. Look, everybody
10,This movie deals with refugees, but can it be said that there are no children in Korea who think about their parents like themselves? I still can't forget the smile of the last self.
9,The reality of stabbing the heart like a knife
10,I sobbed without realizing it in the photo of Ending Zain's ID card
10,I'm a man in his 30s who went on an expedition to see it because there was no theater, and I cried without realizing it. As soon as Zain and Jonathan finally broke up, they cried as their lonely feelings were conveyed. I definitely recommend it. You have to watch it. It's a huge sensation.
10,It's a problem that people who buy capitalism should see at least once
9,A movie that has a burden of heart that no one can be free of, lingering for days.
10,"Why do sick people make families?" - "A harmless person to me."
9,Another life of neighbors and people who are oblivious or unable to see
9,It's miserable. How should we live?
10,It was a valuable movie that reminded me of why the world should change and what it really should be interested in, not just as an old child but as a cheap sympathy.
10,A parent is not a parent just because they have a child
10,A movie that makes me think and reflect on myself
10,Born in this land, a woman.It's a movie that I can't let go of now that I'm a daughter and a parent.
10,I just watched it, but I want to watch it again and the more I watch it, the more I think about it. a movie that leaves an impression every moment
10,The best movie! 100 stars
10,I realized that this is what a movie is like
10,It's beyond a work of course
9,It is realistic and sad to see it from a child's perspective. I came here to celebrate my mother's birthday, and I enjoyed it so much. The movie made me stay for a long time even if the ending credit went up.
10,Best movie. May you have many blessings
10,I looked it up because it wasn't screened in the nearby movie theater, it made me think a lot. It leaves a lot of lingering feelings, and it's a movie that's hard to write a review.It was so nice. I hope everyone sees this
10,It is a movie that the top 10 percent of Koreans, including chaebol families and children of conglomerates, will never understand and be bored. Jain, you are much cooler than the main characters who are famous for Korean dramas, chaebol, and good jobs
10,I shed tears at the sad reality ㅠㅠ
10,It's a masterpiece that can't be evaluated in just a few words
10,Until the end of the ending credit, the audience sat down and looked at the screen. No matter how independent a movie theater is, it was the first time for the audience to stay in place like this. I guess they were all in a lot of thought, praising themselves in their hearts
10,The movie that makes me cry all the time is so heartbreaking.I hope many people watch it
9,At the end, I see Jain smiling.Children who have to laugh and play for a long time in a war, not a war.This kind of movie needs more theaters
10,It broke my heart that I had a lot
8,There were many things that were unfortunate about feminism, but it was so realistic that I could understand why the whole world was paying attention It was fun.
10,Living under the same sky as them...It hurts so much and makes me cry...The usurpation of the Western powers and subsequent pauses...Why should the weak carry the wound so long... I respect the production team that made it widely known with reality.
10,Even after the movie, I couldn't get up from my seat for a long time
10,At first, I didn't even know it was showing, and I happened to see it because of the recommendation of my acquaintances, but I think it's a good thing I saw itIt was a movie that made me think a lot
9,The daily routine that adults take for granted is anger at a young child.I become solemn when I see him making his life.It's a very high quality movie as a movie. I highly recommend it!
10,It's a drama where you can't take your eyes off the movie It's so nice to see this movie
9,It's a pity that many people can't watch such movies because of the screen monopoly. The time is not right, so I kept watching Korean movies, but I was able to watch it only yesterday. One theater, one hour a day. What can be said to be wrong with the children?
8,Poor and ignorant parents continue to have children without contraception, and children sue their parents for smoking, theft, drugs, and murder, blaming their parents for having them.Is poverty the problem?Is contraception the solution?There is no basic human conscience and ethics at all.Parents and children are the same
10,a heart-stabbing film Tears streamed down after the movie.
10,My heart aches and tears like watching my childhood in a movie. I got goosebumps at the acting of a 12-year-old boy in my country doesn't have this kind of movie.Korean movies are not even like elementary school students...It's been a long time since I've seen a movie worth my money
10,I can't believe you're a real refugee. . I was moved and sad by the great acting.
10,Great movie! It's a very appealing picture of the refugee issue. This story was a reality before the movie and it is still a tragedy. It's even more heartbreaking
10,I'm going to start the sponsorship that I hesitated to doIt's too late, but it'll help someone
10,A child is definitely love
9,Life. The angle...A little deeper than sad, dark, envious, and annoying words.
10,I know that there are many children living like myself, so I can't shake off my heavy heart even after the movie is over.
10,A grim reality and an isolated life itself
10,It's a movie of a different level. Your words and actions make my heart ache.
10,What does a movie exist for?
9,The motherhood that a child draws...A film about the original humanity
10,A very sad movie. The inconvenience is that it is true
10,Please watch it! Seyoon, Momon, Momon, Momon
10,I was sad the most when I broke up with my baby and cried thinking of my sister under the window sun. Korea is not Helljoseon I want everyone to be thankful and raise their children with respect
10,It was a movie that really hurt the misfortune of children caused by adults.
10,My favorite movie, I still remember what I said.
10,It was just a movie that can't be said to be funny or sad.It's more valuable than anything else.
8,It was a movie that provided something to think about in general.
10,It's not about parents, children, refugees. It's about human nature. There's no answer. There's no way out
10,It's amazing how being in prison for a man who didn't exist legally proves his existence. Parents who can't even register their births are children who can't even take care of them while they're in jail after their own baby dies.  I don't know how many kids that's real
10,It's a must-see movie~~^^
10,I want to hug Zain
10,It was a movie that made me think that I should work hard
9,a thought-provoking movie
10,It's a meaningful movie that throws things to think about
10,It's a masterpiece, and the actors are real refugees. I was in shock. It's so sad and on the other hand, the main character has a lot of responsibility and good livelihood, so it's cool.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that made us look back and think about ourselves rather than being funny and touching.Let's hope the early movie will be a long run.^^
10,be sad and complicated I want you to curse while listening to your mom asking if you don't understand me
10,It was a movie that left a deep impression
10,I think it's the right expression to say I'm heartbroken, but I'm holding my breath because it's too life-like to be a child actorIt was a movie that made my heart ache when I tried to hold back tears from the obvious scenes and burst out in some unexpected scenes
10,It's so touching I repented a lot. ㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it
10,A good movie. It leaves a lot of lingering feelings. I was sad because her smile was so pretty
10,A child who can't be like a child.
8,It's hard to watch. It's not because the movie is bad, but the story is hard. But the movie you have to watch
10,If you're going to give birth and leave it alone, don't give birth! I'm worried about my baby ㅠㅠ
10,It was a movie that made me think about how to look at children who are realistic and sometimes cheerful.
10,Your smile lingers in my mind.
10,I can't forget their faces
10,Masterpiece... You look like a genius Music, directing, and actors' acting... Everything is amazing It's a must-see movie, including bringing characters who are actually struggling I lost track of time
10,I wanted to be respected and loved. But God doesn't want it. They just trample on us.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that touched my heart
10,I can't take my eyes off even if it hurts and hurts
10,It's been a while since I was immersed in the movie running timeThe sound, video, content, and acting were all good
10,I hope everyone in the world can see it~~
10,It makes me think a lot. It's hard to see. It hurts. I hope you watch a movie that can't be explained in words
10,Everything a movie can do.
10,A movie that you'd regret if you didn't watch
10,It was an opportunity to think about human dignity and rights. I strongly recommend it.
10,A movie that makes you interested in the poor, poor, and illegal immigrants, and a movie that makes you feel grateful to be born in Korea even though it is hard times ♡
10,I'm saddened that the main character's acting is not acting but reality
10,I watched the movie twice for the first time
10,... A must-see movie.
10,Life is so harsh.For a young boy, it's even more...What a great movie!I hope all the young people in the world are happy.Please...
10,The Amazing Influence of Films and Directors
10,I just paid for it on TV. It wasn't a waste of money over 10,000 won. I don't think I'll be able to completely organize my thoughts on the movie no matter what I add. The main character's acting was not acting, but reality itself, and I couldn't take my eyes off it throughout the movie.
10,At the end, I couldn't help but wail
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It was hard to watch a movie I didn't want that to be true But it's such a precious movie Thank you for letting us know even though we have different nationalities and regions
10,I can't forget how I looked at the end.
10,I don't get a lot of reviews after watching many movies, but why are there so few theaters in Korea where you can enjoy famous paintings?It's a sad reality, a luxury movie.I strongly recommend it
10,I don't know what kind of pain I've been through to act so well. For them, it's not acting, it's a daily reality.
10,I can't understand the sadness of those who live without the minimum conditions, but I really hope they can live in a better environment.crying
10,I couldn't say anything for quite a long time after watching the movie. I don't even know what to say. I don't know how to express this feeling. Just look.
10,It was even more heartbreaking because I couldn't curse because I was the perpetrator of my parents who gave birth to me. Where did it go wrong?
10,It lasts longer because it's not a movie but a reality
9,It was a work that I couldn't just cry.
10,Thank you for making a good movie. I won't forget.
10,I thought I should watch a movie alone for the first time The movie that made me feel and made me write here for the first time. In other words, it is a movie that I will never forget
10,a reality that clearly exists
10,I learned from a child what attitude is important in life I think it's human nature to value life in any environment
5,It is a movie that I wish I had an aunt like Sohn Hye-won.The reality is that poor people suffer a lot, and it's even more difficult to get a job
10,A heavy movie!, but an issue that must be solved with universal love that our human race faces today!
8,A film worth considering about war and refugee issues
10,a heavy and deep film It was a movie that made me look back on the things I had enjoyed for granted in my life.
10,Watch it without saying anything. And be the one who can go out and talk. For the countless lives on the other side of the globe, for the countless fires of life in front of me right now
9,The terrible realities that I can't escape, the loss and emptiness that I'm living with every hour after hour.  It's painful. Even if a small laugh bursts, my heart continues to suffer and my child's first laugh makes me cry.
10,My heart feels heavy I recommend it as a family movie
10,The willpower to live even in extreme situations becomes the driving force of life
10,It makes me think a lot.
9,The tears that the last Zain shed when he heard of Sahar... It was the first tears of Jain, who had been struggling and enduring so far. I wonder how hard it must have been throughout the movie. It's all melted away. That's the kind of scene it was.
10,A masterpiece that more people should see and feel
10,tears that burst from holding back I burst into tears with frustration
10,His eyes made me choke and choked
10,I get goose bumps even more when I hear that my child is not a professional actor
9,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie!
10,I'm so touched. I want to see it again
10,It's a movie that's breathtaking from the start, but it's a must-see... It's not just a story that happens in Lebanon. I remember his eyes for a long time
10,Titanic, Star Is Born, Untouchable 1 Pro Friendship, Shawshank Escape and Gavanaugh My Life Movie
10,I understood what the mother said, the father, the child's accusation  My intestines twisted and I felt like throwing upWhy do you have to live like this?  What's wrong with you?
10,Please watch this movie once in a while.
10,It's a movie you can't miss.
10,Based on the true story, the inside of the scene of life was delivered well  I'd like to give them a little bit of attention and help to the Syrian refugees, who are struggling in their hopeless bottom lives
10,Your life is so poignant that you can hear sobbing all over the theater.  The Ethiopian baby is the most devastating performance I've ever seen in any movie
10,It's a movie that makes you feel guilty even when you feel hurt. It's comforting to hear that the profits will be donated.
9,I'm so glad I saw you crying
10,I was so sad when I heard that I wanted to be a good person, even more because it was a reason to sue my parents. I want everyone to see it.
10,The last scene reminds me of Jain smiling brightly when I take an ID photobe full of parents  Can't you grasp the reality?No money. The daughter's being sold?I'm going to die and get pregnant
10,Make sure you watch it Make sure you pay for it and watch it at the theaterㅠㅠ There's no theater in my town, so I went out and watched it, but I don't regret it This year's masterpiece...
6,It's making me sad. My heart... ㅜㅜ
8,a realistic film about child abuse and refugee issues
10,Movie of the year. Just watch it
10,Just... make sure to watch it. The last boy's smile was so sad.
9,Hope, I'll try not to make it far away
10,A life that we can easily describe as 'terrible', but that is real
10,I watched it heartbreakingly.It's an impressive movie
9,A movie that I had to watch, a movie to watch. I made a pledge not to turn a blind eye to Burnham, which must have already been established somewhere.
10,It was so touchingIt was rather a pity that the movie was a fact.
10,It was such a good movie
10,I think casting was a great move
10,a realistic film
10,The holiest movie of the year is born on the spot that no one wanted to see.
10,I think it's a must-see movie for adults.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time!
10,There has never been a movie like this before. Is this a movie or a true story?
8,A movie like a documentary.It's so heartbreaking for young children who live hard lives as mothers with children, and I hope that all other children who live rough lives at the young age of 12 can grow up smiling like children.
2,Syrian refugees. That's not good
8,I hope there are many good movies like this in theaters I'm here to give you stars after a million years
10,Every time Zain laughed, I felt sadder. Please, Zain, I hope all the children in the world can smile like children without any worries
10,Parents have a duty to be responsible for a child who is born without a choice. Rather than explaining the numerous violence he received from his parents who were not responsible for him, didn't he sue his parents for bringing him into the world?
10,A movie that's good to watch at least once!
10,It was sad, sad, sad, scary, and it was a movie that awakened the responsibility. The young actors' acting was so good that it hurt my heart even more.
10,I didn't know who to blame first, so my heart ached more
9,It's a great movie. I can't forget the faces of the children after the movie
10,I think it's a movie to watch again A movie that lingers!
10,I remember the last scene a lot
10,It's been a while since I watched a touching movie.
10,A lot of people look at it and hope they have real help.
10,It's a movie that sighs from beginning to end, a movie that's really scary, horrible, and unbelievable, like a hit on the head
10,Thank you for the movie!
10,Life is like shit. I felt like I was full when I felt the same way ㅠㅠ The whole time I see you, I'm eating
10,A man who has seen extreme jobs twice.Personally, I recommend this movie more.
10,Writing... I'll remember it for a long time.
10,I'm sad because I'm at a loss, and I'm angry.I was already depressed these days, so I thought I was watching it for no reason, but I was able to smile at Zain's smile at the ending. I want to turn a blind eye to it, but the weight that I have to see...
10,I'm sad because I'm at a loss, and I'm angry.I was already depressed these days, so I thought I was watching it for no reason, but I was able to smile at Zain's smile at the ending. I want to turn a blind eye to it, but the weight that I have to see...
10,I thought, "This is what a movie is."
10,It's a heavy movie, but it was also very immersive.I cried after a long time after watching a movie.
10,I can't forget Jain's smile in the last scene
10,No matter how many times I look at it, it touches my heart. We humbly learn from this movie that we must rise to newness through the coexistence of despair and hope in one person.  The dignity of life and the responsibility of life love seem to be the most important tasks to be discovered and nurtured in everyone.
2,A sensual film designed to promote refugees. It is hard to accept the movie comfortably because the intention is clearly visible, although it is openly saying what it did to promote refugees.
9,Praise for the director's ability to make it so real
10,It was an intense movie.
10,There are many bad adults there, too
10,The movie that taught me the most lessons
9,Such a movie should be a hit, but the fact that it is not is disappointing.Don't discuss polarization recklessly. I want people to think about what they should think about.There were not many theaters, so I visited far away from home.
10,on the borderline between documentaries and screenplays
10,Youth is not a period of life, but a state of mind, one philosopher said. It's hard to say with confidence that there's a life that fits your age, but there must be a life that fits your age. Every day becomes a life. Unlike him, I see my daily life that is desperate.
10,A movie that makes me look back on myself.Is poverty what we think it is?
9,It's making me sad. All I can think of is these tacky words, but I want my movie parents to stop giving birth to me
10,It was so touching. I hope the main character is happy
9,The second part of this movie is "Ending Creed"
10,It makes me feel sad. Movies that keep coming to mind
10,I think this movie should be watched by all citizens. I hope many people realize how important responsibility is to have children after watching this movie.
10,a child's sharp eyes on the harsh reality
9,The saying that no one else can criticize me made me look back on the days when I recklessly evaluated someone based on my standards.
8,It was so nice to be immersed in the song
10,A movie with a powerful narrative. The memorable scenes were scenes where the main character's eyes and actions were directed without lines.
10,The scene where Jain couldn't keep Jonas until the end and cried was so heartbreaking... Shameful adults in front of children and more mature children than adults
10,Jonas, who was sent back to Kenya, is on his mind. I hope Jonas, who was the only miscreant of heavy movies, lives happily without losing his loveliness.
10,Learn from children. Young but stronger and more mature than adults. Responsibility
10,I watched it with my momㅠㅠ All through the movie, I wanted to go into the screen and come to my house to wash up and make rice beerㅠㅠ It was so touching that I feel sorry to say that it was fun
10,It was the last time I knew that Zain had such a pretty smile.
10,Even after the movie ended, I sat down for a long time because I felt sad.
9,It's a moving movie. It is so sad that reality is more cruel than movie
10,What would I have done if I hadn't watched a movie that I was dying to watch?
10,It's a movie that you can't watch twice because it hurts, but a movie that you must watch once
9,One of the great tragedies was the life of refugees, which was so realistic that it was all the more heartbreaking. More than a "movie" I haven't felt in a long time.
10,His big eyes, which handle the unrealistically harsh reality with his small body, seem strangely calm. The tears that Jain, who lived so calmly, stole only occasionally make my heart ache even more...
10,I'm feeling overwhelmed. I was so sad and sad about the situation of young children and people in need. It was a movie that made me think a lot. Thank you for making a good movie. Thank you.
9,A movie that many people want to see
10,It's been a tough movie since the beginning of the year, Zain. I hope there will be many things to laugh about in real life like in the movie. It broke my heart the whole time I watched it.
8,Florida Project to North America to the Middle East.
10,It's the best movie of 2019
10,It's a good movie. I hope more people can see it.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie
10,a poignant moving film
10,The reason why movies should exist!
10,It was so good. It kept lingering on the afterimage.I keep thinking about the main character's face.It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movie
10,This kind of movie should have 10 million viewers. It is regrettable that the reality of the movie industry has made it difficult to see even if you want to see it due to the monopoly on the screen.
10,Different cultures, but life is always the same
9,I enjoyed the movieRefugee poverty...Back-thinking film - deserves a standing ovation - kid acts so well ^^.
10,Leaving her daughter, who died at the age of 11 due to early marriage and pregnancy, it was so shocking that she said, "God takes one and gives the other as a gift," and that she wished she was a pregnant mother and daughter.And Jonas' mother, the actor, was actually taken three days after the prison scene.
10,There must be hope for mankind, right?Seeing that there are people who give us a sense of problem with these movies.
10,Thank you. It was a more realistic movie than any other documentary. I think the lingering feeling will last for a while
10,It will be a life movie for everyone who watched this movie.
10,A film that doesn't appeal simply to pity.  a film about the subject of refugees in a less obvious way
10,Tragedy of this age we need to know.
10,It's getting darker towards the end.
10,I'm angry at your screams, but the sad reality is that I can't swear at the parents' helplessness!
9,a movie that makes one look back on life
10,I felt sorry for everyone in the movie. How many children are there like Zain, Zain's siblings, Jonas?
8,It was an opportunity for me to feel the reality again and reflect on myself.
10,In the beginning, it was hard to watch a movie^^~
10,Instead of movies like this, there are more than 10 million extreme jobs LOL You're already turning a blind eye to them
10,I watched a child's life, not a movie. It was so heartbreaking and painful, but a movie to watch... a fine film as well as a film The reason why the actors' acting was so realistic.
10,I felt heavy after watching it, but I still want everyone to watch it at least once.
10,If I have to make a meaningful movie, like Gavanaugh
8,Most of the desperate suffering of poverty feel saddened by the difficulty of being treated as a minimum
10,What can I say to myself who has never imagined a life is a daily life. The movie that made me cry when I saw Jain smile
9,It's a good movie, but I couldn't think of anything new. But it's a very human and wonderful film, and it gives us a little insight into the country of the country
10,It's my first time feeling stuffy watching a movie.
9,I felt so sad about my life
10,Have I ever wished for someone's happiness this badly?
9,poverty-stricken human dignity
10,Thank you for your great work. It was a story that made me think a lot.
9,It was more than I expected and it was the best His poor life was heartbreaking, and adults were saddened by his environment
10,The last scene tells us everything
10,The irony is that this class gives birth to more children and exposes them to more pain.
7,I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't as...
10,The words came to my mind when I saw them."I'm wrong, but the world is even more wrong."
10,Poverty is a heavy burden
9,My heart is heavy. I'm embarrassed. I can't forget your eyes and smile
9,I'm so sad. I wish these kids could have a better life.
10,I'm leaving with a bucket of tears.I came out with a plan, but... Let's all live by doing what we can take responsibility for.
8,It's a heartbreaking movieAfter the movie, I couldn't stand up because I felt so emotional
10,A child who doesn't exist on paper who doesn't know his age or birthday. A child whose 12-year-old life was hellish and painful only laughs once in the final scene. The smile is heartbreaking and lingers for a long time.
10,May I dare to evaluate this movie...
10,I thought, "How dare I deserve to watch this movie?"A movie that people should watch before they die.How do you live in reality where you have no place to escape from hell?It was a movie that made me feel grateful for my life once again when I was so sick and hurt
10,I can't help but cry even if I see it many times. A movie that I want to watch again and again because of the last scene where I smile brightly. I don't want to forget my face.
8,The main character's parents are repeatedly pregnant and giving birth even though they can't feed their children right now. Two are like dogs mating recklessly on the streets. An illegal immigrant mother loves her child, but she is taken away alone, not meeting the realistic conditions for responsibility
10,A movie that I watched for two hours. A must-see movie.
6,The directing was good and the empathy was great, but I don't want to watch a refugee advocacy movie even if I don't get paid. I heard that the Green Book that won the same award is homosexual, but a movie based on the story of people who were terrorized by refugees will never get the award.
10,one of life's works Make sure you watch it
10,It is a great movie.moving
10,A must-see movie. The movie made me realize the importance of small but right choices by thinking about the impact of the environment and not wanting to go to the worst.
10,I hope everyone can watch this movie and give attention and love to many children who are in the same situation as you.
10,A must-see movie. It's not a forced movie.
10,Even the ending credit was good
10,I hope a lot of people watch it
10,A thought-provoking movie, they were already acting
10,It's precarious and disturbing the whole time. How cruel is the reality of not being able to bless the birth of life. It is the adult's fault that a child is not like a child. I'll remember your innocent smile for a long time.  I will also remember your pain.
8,There's nothing to laugh about. I lost how to laugh. The last laugh hurts
10,What if it's not living, if it's a hell of a pleasant reality for someone...The reality that children cannot bloom properly is grim.We knew that I just kept avoiding it, but I didn't really understand how they felt.I highly recommend this movie!
10,I was very touched. It is a pity that this work of high quality does not attract box office success. I hope more people will feel deep emotion and lingering emotions together.
10,The ending of 2019 is Gavanaugh
10,I realized that I had nothing to complain about in my life now.
10,The faces of Angolan refugee families living in Incheon Airport for more than a month have been overlapping, and the reality is that they are living in the same city
9,It's good~%^^ㄱㅅㅅㅅ
10,Wow, it's so much fun. I agree
10,I was looking forward to it, but it's better than I expected. It's the best movie I've seen recently. Even after watching the movie, I keep feeling emotional and thinking about it a lot. It's a shame that there are fewer theaters and fewer promotions compared to movie quality.
10,It's a movie that's so touching that I can't express it.
10,The movie received a standing ovation for 15 minutes after screening at the Cannes Film Festival
10,I can't help but noticeable.
10,ㅜㅜ Because it's reality. More. A poignant movie
10,I dare not say this is my 'life movie'. When I came out of the city after seeing Gavanaugh, I realized that I had only finished watching the movie in a cozy space far from the place. The apology and misery reduced my appetite.
10,When I took the last photo of my ID card, really ㅠㅠ I can't forget his smile
10,It was touching.I hope this good movie will be shown in many theaters.I felt the sincerity of the little actor, but he was a real refugee.
8,I think modern people need to rethink the refugee issue
7,Don't expect any fun or touching. Nothing more than a description of the grim reality.
10,The way he smiled, I could not help but cry. It's an honor not to miss a must-see movie.
9,accusations against the world represented by parents You're the best!
10,Make sure you watch it. This is a movie
10,It was only after the ending credit went up that I burst into tears and cried for a long time. The power of a movie is great.
10,A movie that shows a miserable reality.
10,A movie that shows a miserable reality.
8,This exhibition of poverty and despair in Lebanon in 2019 is very painful. However, this persistent boy's expression, who refuses to become a monster, is the reason why we have to endure this pain.
9,I want to give you a perfect score, but the rest of the scores are reserved for unfamiliar children who are still struggling with the uncomfortable daily lives of children around the world. It's heartbreaking.
10,It was the best. I want to see it again.
10,It's not even the fault of the parents. That's how I grew up. It's a matter for the nation
10,It was sad and touchingcrying
8,Heavy but not heavy.The truth of making the world good and beautiful with the gratitude of those who were loved and raised
10,Where did the power to attract two hours come from, even though it deals with a profound theme rather than an entertainment movie? The answer was found out through the caption just before the ending credit. It was because people in the situation, not real actors, expressed what they experienced, not acting.
9,If there were a lot of theaters...It's been a long time since I've seen all the seats full.
10,This is the kind of emotion that comes out of deep inside.
10,The child just wanted to be loved and respected
10,In the desperate struggle of a child to protect his or her life and the lives of his or her family. A movie where I felt respect and sorry at the same time.
10,It was a movie in which pure and beautiful acting, expressed in such a terrible and sad reality, penetrated into my heart.
10,The title could have been "Jain". It reminds me of "Jain'
10,It's the best movie of the year with the Green Book
10,Everyone'sorry.The movie that I want to see...
10,I loved the ending and ending credits that upset the boundaries between art and reality.
8,I think we need to make a lot of social issue movies
8,I can't forget your eyes!Let's not turn a blind eye to the young soul struggling in a mess of irresponsible adults.
10,After watching the movie, I was so moved and sad that I couldn't say anything about itI think deeply about what parents are
10,I wish I could just watch it This movie
10,May the filmmakers and Jonah remember the forgotten children on Earth in hopes of happiness, who make us realize that poverty is sad not because we can't have what we want, but because we have to lose precious things helplessly.
10,In the last scene, Zain's laughter couldn't hurt so much.
10,a heartbreaking film
10,I pray that more people will watch it for a long time It was an opportunity to raise the value of the movie. There's an impression that it rings the chest and hits the head heavy.
10,When Zain learned of his sister's death, his heart ached as he raced down the street with a car knife in his anger and grief. I could deeply feel the loneliness and pain of my self in the expressions of people looking at the scene with a somewhat expressionless look and the scene of everyday streets.
10,It makes me think whether it is so desperate and difficult for humans to live like humans.The smile of the last self will remain in my mind for a while.
9,Movies are like this. I sympathize with it while watching it, think about it, and stimulate my thoughts and life with a message thrown after I see it.
10,May all the children of this land grow up to be loved and respected.
9,Man is the most wicked man in the world
10,Have you ever heard of creating a foundation to help poor children in Korea even if the movie tent audience breaks through in Korea before the comment that the director continues to help children by creating a foundation after the movie?I was asked that Tears filled my cheeks in front of humanity.
9,It's a great movie. A movie that's worth the money
10,The movie makes me appreciate the current situation, but when I see myself, I feel that my appreciation is also a luxury. I was sad, but I couldn't cry. She's not crying. It was a movie that made me think about what I should do today for these kids
10,The best movie that you can't watch in 2019
9,It made me realize the reality of a faraway country
10,It is a movie that can't take your eyes off the weight of your life that is bigger than your body, from the scene where you struggle to the empty eyes, and the scene where you were angry. I hope your future will shine brightly.
10,I want to see it, but it is not showing at a nearby movie theater.
10,Sadness, anger, despair, but a last laugh gives a glimpse of hope.
10,Make sure to watch it. It makes me think a lot
10,I hope your smile at the ending will come to your life from time to time. It was a really good movie.
10,It was only when I saw the last scene that I realized that the boy had never laughed.
10,I was amazed by the detail of the video.Throughout the movie, and until the end of the movie and the captions go up, it still lingers.The first movie that made me move to write a rating ♡♡♡
10,A movie that makes you think more after the movie is over
10,How dare I grieve.My sadness is also hypocrisy.A movie that made me think a lot
10,Learn responsibility for life beyond situations and conditions and love for people around you through a young boy.
10,When the actors were filming, they were in a similar situation to the story in the movie, but it made me sadder.I wanted to be a good person when I grew upI wanted to live a life of respect and loveI would like to thank the directors and actors for their sincere message
10,A famous painting that reminds us of how precious happiness is to live like a human being.
10,I watched it with my parents and son. You like it.
10,It's a shame that these movies are rarely shown on Multiplex. This kind of movie is a real movie. Throughout the movie, I felt a lot of complex emotions and thought deeply. I recommend it.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot I watched it last week and I'm going to watch it again this week. I hope a lot of people watch this movie
10,It's a must-see movie Why it has to be repeated over and over again, and why it's hard to blame them for their mistakes
10,a movie that tears at one's own laughter
9,Watching these movies, I felt like a dog's voice, simply because I didn't have enough money to make good movies
8,I thought about it all the way home and felt sad
10,If the Florida project is a breaking ball, Gavanaugh is a very accurate and heavy fastball
10,There's not a single bad person in the movie. There are only ignorant people.It is great that it does not end with individual problems and continues to expand the awareness of the problem.
10,Smile! It's an ID picture, now I have documents to prove you.  You're going to exist now.
10,I couldn't raise my head in shame in the scene of the prison consolation performance.  A bystander pretending to be a consolation...It was like me.
9,the real story of poverty neither less nor more
10,I want to watch it again I recommend it^^
7,It was a good movie If you can't take responsibility, let's not give birth
8,It's such a heartbreaking story
10,At this moment, the real story on the other side of us is not acting, but life is a part of our mind
10,If you fill out the score, you'll get 500 won of Naver Pay points!
9,I had a lot of complaints about my life, but throughout the movie, I felt that my life was happy, and I wanted to help refugees after a long time I'm sorry I forgot. I hope the world gets better soon.
10,I'm suing you. Because you made me born... What a great movie!
10,the reality of birth becoming a tragedy
10,The movie that made me cry in a daze until the subtitles went down to the end!
10,I felt that even the emotions I had after watching the movie were a luxury
10,Director Nadine Lavaki's excellent performance. I praise the courage and sincerity contained in this movie. I could see why director Gavanaugh Nadine Lavaki won the Cannes Film Festival's Jury Prize when he thought that a family member of director Koreeda Hirokazu was great.
10,There's someone else in the world.When I saw Jain leaving Jonas behind, I cried without realizing it.I will believe that I will live a life full of laughter like the ending scene.
10,The Life of a Child Who Knew Too Early a Sad Life
10,I couldn't get up thinking after the movie was over.
10,It's a movie that leaves a lot of things even though it was hard to watch
10,More people want to see
10,It's a movie that makes you think and feel good
10,I have a lot of thoughts and a lot of lingering feelings. A movie that makes you think a lot about human dignity and parents and family.
10,The naturalness that comes from life, the reality that you're actually living that kind of life is frustrating with the feeling of looking back at life...
1,I made a reservation and fell asleep, so I couldn't watch it
10,It's a must-see...You have to be prepared to watch it. I'm going crazy.crying
10,Jain's face is indelible.  I really hope you are happy from now on
10,The fact that you can't choose to be born means that there must be a hell of a place to be born How painful is the life of a child born of a parent who has no sense of responsibility. Korea won't be any different I sympathized with the pain and it made me sadder and sadder
10,I hope everyone born is happy.
10,There must be another Zain somewhere.It's a sad movie where there are many children who are not happy because of adults who are not mature
9,Even if you don't know why you were born. Even if I don't know why I'm living. Because love is visible.
10,My heart ached while watching it.ㅠ
10,I watched it with my family on Lunar New Year's Day Please increase the number of theaters for good movies like this~~
10,I saw us getting hot in the chest.
10,It was the best 'refugee' movie I've seen recently. There is no noticeable absolute evil, but the life created by old customs that do not have a lack of social system, childbirth and abandonment, and a sense of problem is already hell enough.
8,There is no child born wanting to be born
10,I am happy to live in a good countryI cried a lot because I was so sad
10,I recommend the best movie.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,It's perfect. It's the movie of my life.
8,Adults' words stab children's hearts like knives
10,It broke my heart even more with the simplicity of being solved without grease or exaggeration. All the scenes were meaningful, and the smile of the last self was the angel itself.Every day of Jain even felt like emphasizing that there were angels in this land.It was hard to sleep
8,The intention of the movie is good, but the idea of featuring actual refugees under their own name is too white supremacy. I feel sorry for the main character, who will be displayed poverty and live as a refugee himself, the main character of that movie for the rest of his life. Thanks to you, the director will be a master and Khan will be there
10,A movie that many people want to see
10,What can a movie do? I thought about it a lot. I hope you are happy with the conclusion only in conclusion.I don't want to... But... why should I make a movie while watching Gavanaugh? Why should I go to the theater? To the director who let me know... Thank you very much.
10,Good. Make sure to watch it.`-1313
10,I can't forget the scene where I cried while throwing away my breast milk
10,The movie that I really wanted to get a rating on
10,I'm not really touched, but I admit that the MALMOE wasn't that great, but it was really memorable and fun to watch after it was worth watching I think this kind of feeling is really worth seeing
10,It's such a heartbreaking movie. I watched a movie that touched my heart after a long time
10,I hope many people will watch this movie.
10,Knowing that there are a lot of zombie-like parents who want to live off their children... The cry they asked me to make sure I didn't have any more children. It's coming to Woollim
10,It was a movie that made me think a lotI was able to concentrate better because I watched it at an independent theater
10,Smile, Jane, it's not a death report photo, it's a birth report photo! My heart aches, but I saw hope of life rather than despair in my own smile. Imagine yourself growing up right?I need to get my act together and live a straight life today. I'll do my best
10,It's a movie that makes me emotional. It's set in Syria, but rather than the political and economic situation of the country, it talks about the pain children suffer when their parents don't play their part. I hope Zain and Jonas are happy
10,I can't forget your eyes at the end.
10,Jonas' innocent face and the weight of the film as opposed. I felt a sense of melancholy and bitterness in the face of the last man.
10,I can't say anything after watching the movie.
10,I want as many people as possible to see. Don't forget that someone is living this kind of life somewhere right now. And if you think about this world again. Tears that didn't stop until all the credits went up.
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot of things
10,To poor children all over the world...
10,Wow... Everything is in one word.
10,I think you should watch this kind of movie at the movie theater. I always watched gag or action movies, but it was good to watch philosophical(?) movies
10,We need to listen to them.
10,The last smile of his... You're so handsome. I hope you always live with such a pretty smile
10,I'm heartbroken and I'm heartbroken
10,Fresh material has calmly shown that there are groups who resist, conform or resign to fate in any environment
10,No one left until all the ending credits went up as if they had promised. I'll never forget your smile. Even now, I still cry when I see myself. Now I hope you're smiling somewhere.
9,Make sure to watch it. It's a must watch movie. the structure of poverty a repetition of poverty It makes me think about the source.
10,I want to send the dog trash megalves that are parasitic in Korea to that's.
10,How much it hurt. It hurts to show calmly without hiding or exaggerating.
10,I feel like my heart is being ripped off when Jain laughs at the end.
10,Mom's saying stabs me in the heart like a knife
9,It was a heartbreaking movieEven refugees should be guaranteed basic human rights
9,I was very surprised to cast real refugees as actors
10,Sending Sahar and taking care of Jonas.I remember the scene where I couldn't leave Jonas while living fiercely and ended up crying over Jonas.
10,Everyone in the theater shed tears in the final scene. I couldn't get up right after the movie. I wondered how the child could get such a tired expression and an old man's expression tired of the world, but I felt overwhelmed when I saw the last scene.
10,It's been a while since it's been a while.
10,Too bad there aren't many theaters. I want everyone to see it
10,Touching! A movie that makes me think about how to live...
10,This is the movie of the year
10,I really enjoyed watching it!
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movie
10,The best! The first movie of the Year of the Pig!
10,It's a movie that's hard to say. It was great and I sat in the theater for quite a while after the screening. It's a movie that lingers for a long time
10,It was a touching movie
10,I was more saddened by the calmness of the loss to mankind
10,It's a brave movie. Everyone says life is precious, but isn't it too pretentious about the birth of life? How can the birth of life in countless places facing refugee disputes, starvation, and assault be regarded as precious life?  I think it's slaughter, neglect and hypocrisy. Abortion should be allowed!
10,I watched this movie when I saw Jain's eyes, who was getting a standing ovation in Cannes
8,It's not tears, it's chest squeezing. It hurts
10,A life movie that makes me look back on my life. I'm sorry, but I want to help out as hard
8,I watched a well-made movie after a long time.
9,A movie that's hard to watch while sitting in the audience. It is hard for me to be objective in the audience. By describing the bottom of the Middle East, the upper structure of politics, economy, diplomacy, religion, and historical conflicts are faced. The pain of putting the kids on the set in such a dangerous way is a bonus
10,Here's the reason why you should live right.
10,The movie I want to see with everyone living in the modern world_the starting point of each different life that I can't choose. Whose fault could it be? Who is responsible for that? In the mouth of a 12-year-old child who has to bite candy, it is said that living is like dog poop.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie with strong emotions.People don't watch movies like this. They watch something.
10,Please don't just care about the low birth rate and cheapness, but let's care about the happiness of the kids who already have them... Man is by no means sublime by birth alone.
10,The aura and eyes from a small, skinny little child seem to explain his life.
10,As an NGO member, I watched it with my colleagues It was a movie that gave us challenges and echoes even though it was gloomy. We've also realized the importance of children's education. I want to value this work more and live a life with people who are out of touch and out of sight.
10,This is what a movie is...Compare this to extreme jobs. I should've mixed it. Mix it. Make sure to watch it. Gavanaugh is the best.
10,This is what a movie is like. I sincerely pray that all the people in the world will be happy.
10,a very good movie sad or beautiful
10,It was so touching ㅠㅠ Myeongjac...
10,It was my favorite movie recently
10,I think his eyes will last for a long time
10,The warmth that you feel in between makes you feel more emotional
10,You don't need to say anything. Just watch it At the theater, a soulful work that really makes you think a lot, and it's a very delicate production
10,Please watch it.Emotions... Reality...Everything he says gets stuck in my heart like a knife.It's Haled Josey, so if you like writers, you should watch it.
9,A movie that makes your heart heavy. A movie that makes you thankful for everything
8,Jain looks more comfortable in prison.I'm glad you're going to school now, but what about many other kids?My heart is getting heavy.
10,This movie is one of the greatest movies
10,No matter how hard you try to have it, you can't have it.
9,What I felt while watching the movie was that I shouldn't just say that it's hard to make ends meet
10,It was touching. But when you don't have the paperwork, it's like an indirect message telling you not to have a baby
8,Living doesn't mean the same to anyone
10,It is always refreshing and shocking to watch movies from a strange country.While watching the movie, I empathize with the main characters, but I don't think I can really understand the situation until I die.
10,It's touching I'm so happy about the life I'm enjoying right now.
10,The smile of the last self is unforgettable.
10,In the last scene, I can't help but clap.Even though the movie was over, everyone couldn't leave easily.
7,What is evil? The ironic reality that there is homelessness because there is a house, and criminals because there is a law. It is plainly faced that it is not an individual's evil but a matter of social structure that makes criminals.
10,It's touching for a long time
10,Unprotected children, women, immigrants.A movie that shows a sad reality
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,I really want to recommend it.^^
10,It's a movie that makes me cry without any pressure
10,My heart feels numb It's a good description of the current situation where there's no solution
10,There aren't many theaters that are showing, so it's worth going all the way there on purposely. I felt grateful for my situation, location, and environment once again and thought deeply about how to live.
10,The fact that Zain is a child cast in the field shows incredible acting skills. I stare at you with my heart full for two hours
10,It seems to be a movie that is not just about refugees, but about issues that are problematic all over the world.
10,It's heavy. When I saw the trailer, my parents seemed like bad people, but after watching it all, I can't blame them easily. This is because he is not a villain with malice, but a villain who has become accustomed to abnormal conditions. Can we say that we are not responsible for that society that has become such a mess?
10,Zain, you've been through a lot. ㅜㅜ
10,The power of a real-life movie that made it impossible to breathe loudly throughout the show and to wake up even after all the ending credits went up
10,It's touching and deep until the end!
10,A life of no choice. the desperation of enduring in it I feel sadness, pain, and frustration, and I feel thankful for the life given to me
10,It's dreary. It's a serious story that doesn't compare with a shallow cult. We are all responsible as well.
10,A heavy film that only leaves the weight of the lives of the characters
10,A child who awakens mercy!
9,a film of heavy sorrow It is also a movie that I want to recommend to others. There's a lot to think about after watching.
10,a poignant film It was shocking to face the reality of refugees who couldn't reach them. And it was not awkward compared to the first acting, perhaps because the actors lived such a life. So it was even more heartbreaking. Finally, it made me think a lot.
10,I was ashamed of myself sitting in a soft chair and looking at their lives. It was complicated what I could do in the media that drove refugees to criminals and in a perverted social atmosphere that enjoyed aversion to the weak. After the movie, I cried while the ending credit was going up.
8,I am so glad and sad for the last laugh.ㅜㅜ
8,I'm getting very emotional. The main character, Ja-in, is so good at acting. I'm always grateful, but I've come to think about it again.
9,I thought I would feel depressed because it was a series of misfortunes, so I didn't watch it, but I watched it on my acquaintance's recommendation, but there is hope in a series of misfortunes. I recommend watching.
10,The face of the last man is still fresh in my eyes. A movie that you don't know if it's acting or documentary. I feel grateful for the movie that broadened the horizon of life.
10,Don't watch this movie. Only those who are confident that they can handle being overwhelmed by many thoughts. If you don't want to think about what life is, what is good, and who can be called evil, just look at the extreme job. It's a very difficult movie even after watching it.
8,I want to sue you for giving me birthIt was shocking and it still hurts me to think that there are many children
9,I couldn't see it only in the movie.
10,I really wanted to watch the movie with the hope that there was any fiction in the movie.
10,The best movie everyone should watch!
10,It's sad, but it's hard, but... But thank you for making it into a movie. I felt once again how powerful the movie was. A lot of people will change.
8,a calm gray film We all have gray lives.
10,The disadvantage of the movie is that it is so uncomfortable to be in reality.
9,A movie that every adult should watch
10,I can't forget his eyes
9,A movie that makes you not only feel pity, but also think about what you can really help
10,Don't hesitate to watch because you'll be sad and depressed after watching! I was so immersed in the movie. It's a good movie.  I'm not a part-timer. I'm an innocent viewer
10,It was a heavy subject, but it was a very impressive movie that was highly immersive because of its solid development
8,I'm looking forward to seeing you grow up
8,Men with no income should have a vasectomy
10,I hope it's shown in more theatersI think the quality of the work is the best. ㅠㅠ!
10,A really well-made movie... I hope everyone watches it ㅜㅜ
10,I hope there will be more places that show these kinds of movies.
10,It was really good because it was not a movie surrounded by unbearable sadness, but a story of reality that must be sympathized and interested.
8,Thank you. It's worth recommending to someone else
10,I volunteered to see who I could blame twice The first one was so heartbreaking, it was so hectic, and the second one was like a war.Syria! For whatever reason, war is against it
8,It is not a human duty to give birthIf you throw a movie life into the world that you want people who think they should have children because they are married, you should be responsible for protecting dignity and living happily
8,I'm behind a big movie.
9,It's heartbreaking.a movie that everyone should watch
8,It's disappointing, but it's still moving
10,My heart is choked up It's the best movie I've seen this year
9,The movie that keeps ringing in my head...
10,It's a good movie, but it's too bad that there aren't many theaters.I was so sad because I cried so much when I called the station from the prison. It's a movie that makes us think again about what we can do to get rid of this life on Earth.
10,There were many parts that were confusing whether it was social absurdity or individual values, so it was difficult to swear or defend. What a heartbreaking background and story.It's just that if there wasn't a motherhood that appeared in every new movie...The message and acting of the movie is good.Why do you and your sister look so handsome?
8,a poignant movie
10,Good. The movie, IMFACT
10,My heart sank the whole time I was watching.
10,Best movie of the year. They were given situations without a script and allowed the actors to act on their own, but it was touching because they showed their lives, not acting.
10,How much civil war devastates humans, a broken family has become a worse environment than a prison, but the extreme heart of a person who cares for his younger sister is tearful. Although he was not loved, he felt so noble that he knew how to love his younger brother.Best movie of the year!
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie that's so heavy that I've had a sore throat. But make sure you watch it. I feel like I'm reflecting on my life.I want to participate in the project.
8,It's a good piece that makes you think about human dignity
10,I don't know why it felt strange at first to say that you dare sue your parents. I'm sad that my first feeling of thinking immaturely about my child for a moment is that I'm already an adult.
10,The best acting... I can't forget the sad and innocent boy's eyes. I couldn't take my eyes off them the whole time I watched them. In particular, when I heard that I was the last actual refugee, I thought about the refugee problem again about the dignity of men I felt that I should have true humanism
10,The blackness throughout the movie. But a movie to watch and think about.
10,A movie that is too touching to watch once.
10,I didn't paint it with forced new wave and cliché, but I could feel a great emotion and echo. The main character's instant smile was a small consolation, although it was endlessly gloomy.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot
9,The movie made me feel the importance of life and humanity in the eyes of children reflected throughout the movie.
9,I'm glad you can laugh.
10,The reality is a movie that makes me sad
10,My heart hurts. It's not the sadness of squeezing it out, but the sadness that comes from deep inside
10,Your expressions and your last smile...
10,A movie that many people want to see
10,I'm still sad to see her crying after leaving her behind.
10,This is the movie.Please just let it slide.
10,"You're going to be born."ㅜㅜ
9,I was sadder because the main character acted so well, I enjoyed watching it so that it wasn't boring for two hours.
10,It was so touching
10,A movie that makes us ask ourselves countless times if we're living well
10,It's such a moving true-life movie!A must-see movie.It makes you think as an adult.A sad and painful movie.
10,It was heartbreaking because the movie was based on a true story.
10,Still, I saw hope in the smile of the last scene.
10,I feel so sad. It makes me think that people's lives are so different. I think we should cherish, care for, and share what we're enjoying right now. There must be such a place not only in Lebanon but also in Korea, so I feel ashamed that I lived without knowing.
10,I can see why it's so popular  Jonas is so cute. I'm rooting for you
10,I'm feeling overwhelming I hope you become a world-class actor
10,The people who are living that life are acting, and the pain hurts inside me
10,The children who sued their parents and the lines of their parents touched their hearts even though they were acting. It seems to be because the actual actors used people in similar situations to the roles in the play. You can see how they are doing at the end of the movie
10,I don't think I'll see you again. I'm sorry
10,I thought it was a documentary... It hurt my heart, so I kept thinking about it while I was eating. --T
10,It makes me sad. It's so touching
10,I strongly recommend this movie as a must-see movie
10,It was a movie that made me realize how happy my life was.
10,Children are natural to be loved and protected, and for the underprivileged, we should look around the right ㅜㅜ.
10,My heart ached the whole time I saw it. Looking at you, it was an opportunity to ask how much responsibility I have living.
8,The black baby was so cute and I loved his acting
10,It's a must-see movie in life
10,I smile when I see Zain and Jonas in this terrible sad reality
10,I couldn't stand up for a while because I was sad
10,Touching itself! The best movie! A movie that's more realistic than a documentary
10,There were few theaters, so I watched it in an independent theater, and it was the best movie.
9,The behind-the-scenes story of the casting in the ending was more poignant, so it was lingering. I hope the real actors in this movie will be happy.
8,Even after watching the movie, I still remember Jain's face.
8,It's not acting, it's life itself.
10,It makes me think a lot~~
9,It's a movie that makes you think about the responsibilities and duties of parents in a life born without consent
8,I'm done with casting!
5,It's sad and disgusting. But it was kind of boring.
10,a dagger to the irresponsible 'adults'
8,I heard it's sad, but it's a difficult movie. It's a bit complicated, but it's a true story
10,I think I'll have to have a child after the parent qualification examination.  I don't know if I'm qualified as a parent of two children
10,Thank you for the good movie. I'm thankful that the actual refugee child settled down well after acting.I hope that the problem of refugees will not be put together in the world.
10,It's a great work that makes you feel the weight of responsibility you have to bear if you're a parent. A grateful movie that made me realize the value of a movie once again.
10,It makes me think a lot. It makes me want to think more. I thought it was simply a touching movie, but the weight is enormous.I think they will be overwhelmed by the weight just by looking at it, but I wonder if they can even feel it, where everything is real. Would you have endured it if you felt it?
10,reconsider the refugee situation Korea is also a minority of the world population, and our children will live all over the world.Didn't we also discriminate against poor countries?
10,I'm really sad about your desperate times.It makes me think twice about being a parent.I wish you happiness.
10,Not even the tears...I couldn't even cry comfortably because I was guilty.They raised their children as they were given by their parents.Life is a pain, a small body of Zain.The weight of life on was too heavy to measure.
10,My tears felt hypocritical and my heartbreaking sentiment felt extravagant.
10,A cold but warm film by Garbernaum. Watch it
10,It's so much fun.
10,It's a poignant movie. I strongly recommend you to watch it
10,I feel that this is the power of movies. It's a movie that everyone wants to see at least once. The director's words remain in his mind that the root of all misfortunes is his childhood when he wasn't proud of
10,It's a movie that makes my heart ache.I smile at the last smile
10,It's a movie that captures a lot of life
10,I hope Zain will be happy ㅠㅠ I'm touched by your smile
10,The movie that I want to keep in mind The movie that motivates me to live a more beautiful and valuable life that I am going to live now becomes a luxury
10,It makes me think about the responsibility of the name of parents. Zain tried to protect his sister, Sahar, but failed. He also tried to protect Jonas until the end, but he failed. But what's important is that he tried to do everything he could and he tried to take responsibility.
9,A very sad and realistic movie.I was so sad while watching it, but it was more heartbreaking because of the problem that would not be easy to enter into political and economic issues.
10,Poverty is a wound, and it hurts even more if the system denies its existence. a truly scathing film
10,At the end, I got emotional when I saw the innocent face of the main character an unstoppable film
10,a heart-rending movie
8,The last scene lingers. It's a good movie that makes you think a lot
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure you watch it
10,It is a tragedy created by adults who are unable to act as adults when they barely manage to survive.
10,It's good. It's really, really good
10,Thank you. It was a good movie
10,Movie of the Year! The movie itself is good, and the behind-the-scenes story makes me moved again.
10,"My mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife."
10,I'm touched. Refugees who continue to live in a difficult environment. Your acting is great
10,Best movie of my life. I strongly recommend it
9,This is indeed a 'reality'. That's why it gets colder.
10,It's a movie I want to watch twice.
10,Unresponsible behavior is worse than animals.I hope the children live without getting hurt in this world
8,touch someone's heart in a small way
10,the best movie I'd recommend to everyone
10,A movie that doesn't deserve to cry...
10,I feel heavy until the end of the movie and the ending credit is almost over. The movie is over, but someone's reality makes my steps heavy again. It was a good movie and a painful movie at the same time.
10,A movie that makes me think about many things
10,I saw a great movie. I hope Zain continues to act.
10,It is heartbreaking that there is still a world where very basic human dignity is not observed.  Make sure to watch it. It's a good movie.
9,With eagerness for their pain to be my pain through the window I've only been looking at.
10,It's a really good drama. If it's not a big city, I have to watch it in a small theater. It's a bit disappointing. It's a
10,It makes us realize the importance of our lives
10,A movie that makes me different from myself before and after watching the movie
10,The best ending! A perfect movie
9,A movie that was good because it didn't just stay in sympathy. The most difficult part to distinguish between reality and fiction was the living eyes of non-professional actors.
10,I couldn't say it was anyone's fault. It was just their own way of life. Who can throw stones at them?
10,A really cool and shocking movie that shines even more in Korea, where movies like extreme jobs go to 10 million by monopolizing the screen. Even after the movie, the emotions did not subside.
10,I hope people who raise kids will see it
10,It's a movie that all adults in the world must watch. It's a really deep movie
5,I'd rather name it a documentary than a movie.For me, my heart was more frustrated than the original impression of the movie due to the difficult topic and extremely realistic story progress. What's the reason why you recommended watching it with your friend? I don't want children to feel the lightness of relative happiness while watching this movie
9,It's sad and sad! Recommendation
10,The best movie of my life. Pride shines even in tragedy.
10,I was ashamed of the child who had more to learn from the mature child than me, and I remembered Mr. Sunshine's gem-like lines. It's the same thing for adults and children to be hungry, but it's the adult's fault that they're hungry.It's good to have Zain and TREASURE find a new life. The birth of Catherine Bigelow in the Middle East.
7,A choice that everyone can't help, it can't be called anyone's fault. Don't be hasty in feeling pity. Just watch the boy lead a calm life. But isn't it too much to compare it to commercial movies and weigh the value advantage? Don't get too wet with intellectual superiority
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot
10,I felt heavy whether I could handle the child's struggling appearance. To dig in like this without provocative or explicit descriptions. a work as outstanding as one's own smile
10,The last scene where I didn't laugh during the movie "Running Time" made my heart race
10,That what I enjoy can be a huge luxury to someone else. It was a movie that made me look back on things that I thought were too obvious and think deeply about human dignityThank you for making a movie that I will never forget
10,It's a movie that we've never been through, but there's a lot that we can feel
10,I got goosebumps knowing that the actors actually experienced it...
8,The last one comes into my heart and makes me emotional.
10,It's a work that expresses greed, happiness, and family most realistically. A shocking ending that kept her mouth shut until the end of the ending credit.
10,Please show it in the countryside...
9,a razor-sharp realist
10,The last time I smiled... I felt so overwhelmed
10,I want to give 10 stars without saying anything, but I need to write something to register
10,I want to see you very much. This movie ㅠㅠ Korean movie screen monopoly is really bad
10,I had no choice but to let go of the documentary that didn't add or subtract. It's a human figure, and it's definitely people. Life is so miserable. I saw some hope in the last caption. Thank you for the production that taught us the reality behind the world.
10,It's a well-made movie.It's sad that something like this is happening somewhere in the world, and there's an adult who's sympathetic, who's on the sidelines, who's using it. I'm glad to see you smile.
10,If there's a god, why let them?
10,I dare say it's the best movie of the year!
10,It was the first movie I've ever seen that my heart ached all day long.
10,I'll cheer up and do my best.
10,His words pierce the heart like a sword. a film that makes one's adult self ashamed The world is already gone
8,It's definitely a good movie, but it's heartbreaking and frustrating the whole time I watch it. The main character Zain is a real Syrian refugee, so it still lingers after watching it
10,How should I live?
10,I watched it alone. I quietly shed tears and quietly clapped. You think deeply about the reason for existence.
10,I feel like I watched all the movies in 2019
10,It's lingering.Recommend.
10,It's a movie that convinces you that the sun rises in the dark and the corner that looks like a deserted place, and that hope rises
9,Wow, it wasn't just acting. It felt like I was really living that life. A really good movie. I think I watched a proper movie Good. Personally, I was a bit disappointed in the latter part.
10,At the end of the movie, the first child's laughter made me cry.
10,This movie is really the best
8,I felt so sorry for Zain the whole time I saw him.It's a heartbreaking story that reminds me of my nephew so much.
10,You're the best. I love you so much. And remember
10,It's a movie that makes me think about my life
10,The question of basic human rights! Don't blame God for what you were born with
10,Honestly, at first, it could be boring. I was dizzy because the screen was shaking so much.It's not an action movie, but it's just dizzy and sad. No matter how hard you struggle, it's hard to get out of a given life...?
10,Who can say that this child is naughty, foul-mouthed?
10,0986556564 It's amazing that it's a true story. Recommend.
10,It was so much fun I felt a deep echo. I hope to see more movies like this.
10,I felt that the only animal that could become uglier and uglier as I grew up with life was humanIt was sad to be touched by the obvious in a world where the obvious is not natural, but I am grateful that I can sometimes look back on myself with a movie like this
10,It's a grateful movie that made me look back on myself as an adult.
10,The blackness of the heart caused by the difference in the gap that is too large makes even having a heart of pity feel luxurious and guilty.
9,We need to look at the movie that we must see and the other life.
10,The more I think about it, the more tears I cry...
10,What is the human identity we created?
9,It was hard because I cried so much.  In the last caption, I'll eat...
10,It's a must-see movie.Adults know but pass by...I hope the miracle freezes over.It's heartbreaking, but I like it because it's not heavy.The young protagonist is also trying to take care of his younger brother, but the ignorance of adults is upsetting.
10,It's a shame why these children have to bear the burden of a poor birthThe reason why there is a country and society! Present the specific contents of the community that our society should aim for!I feel like I'm eating again!
10,A movie full of respect for life
6,I almost fell asleep. I know what you want to say in the movie, but the movie was too long and boring.
10,"Your life is like dog poop."
10,I hope the world will be blessed to be born
10,God send this boy to the moon
10,It's so sad. How different is life in your place?
10,Closest to us But turning a blind eye. a masterpiece
10,A must-see movie...! an uncomfortable but unavoidable reality
8,It's a movie that can't be made easily. So it's not easy to watch a movie like this. Make sure to watch it. How real it is.The expression of tiredness in the child's life cannot come out of the actor. They cast a real refugee boy. Look at it tightly
10,Even in that environment, taking responsibility for Yo-Has...Where did he learn that?He's better than his parents.Even though he's young, he's pioneering the environment.  That's sad. Actor Zain...You're making me cry. Maybe it's because it's his own life. I wish you happiness.
10,In between those movies, there's nothing left to laugh about, like an oasis.
10,I strongly recommend movies with echoes.
10,It was a movie that touched my heart. I was deeply moved
10,I'm going to see the sad reality
10,I feel so sorry for your life
8,You shouldn't be comforted by other people's pain, but it's a pity I don't know what kind of nanny I'm going to be, but the last music breaks my heart
9,Is it a problem of the same school? Is it a matter of the way of life? Or is it a matter of personal thought?a desperate struggle to break the mold of a young boy It reminds me of my parents' generation.
10,It was the coolest movie I've seen recently
8,a thought-provoking movie
8,My heart ached so much. It was that kind of movieThe main character's personal history as a child actor ㅠㅠㅠThe Unfortunate Reality of Lebanon
10,The problem is poverty.
10,You must not turn a blind eye to this story. Everyone should know. These are still happening all over the world.
10,It's a movie where you can feel the eyes of "people" and see the world from the perspective of the person we call "children."
10,I cried a lot. Life is too miserable and harsh for one's own. It was so heartbreaking. I was sorry for some reason.
10,I can't forget the touching moment I look for Zain around me again I think about the refugees again  It's a good movie. I hope a lot of people watch it
10,I was ashamed to forget about the difficult, painful, marginalized, and weak people.
10,I can't believe how sad her smile is.The reason why the last smiling person is more painful than the crying person throughout the movie can be seen in the movie
10,It was a movie where every word he said and every look he saw stabbed in the heart with a knife
9,A good movie. A movie that resonates deeply. The ruthless world created by greedy adults and irresponsible adults took away their fresh smiles.
10,I just had to look.
10,It's a movie that's beyond a movie that makes your heart warm even though you just experienced it indirectly through a movie.
10,If you let him be born, let him live.Unregistered migrant children, no one in Korea was interested. I dare say so. However, I give a big hand to the director who made this movie, which made Koreans reconsider about unregistered migrant children and refugees.
10,There were many heartbreaking moments, but the frustration melted away from the last smile. It was a big income to get to know Daejeon It Cinema while watching Gavanaugh.
10,Zain must have done something wrong, but he just stood up for it. What's wrong with the kids.Before questioning why children did this, we should reflect on why they had to do this. It may be hard, but let's not be selfish people who only think about themselves.
10,The choices of politicians make life miserable, even people who don't have parental rights
10,It's a movie that asks the meaning of God's existence
10,The truth that we know, but we don't see, it's a movie that makes us think a lot about the lives of refugees right now
10,It's a land of curses, but it's where love is desperately needed. I'm so grateful to the director for making a movie that I couldn't make.
10,I recommend it to those who haven't seen it yet
8,It was a time to look back on myself Are you qualified to be a parent?
10,A movie that shows the limit that I can't overcome even if I do my best. I think a lot and cry throughout the movie
10,The second movie I saw.It's a heartbreaking movie. It's heartbreakingBe sure to look at the best Gavanaugh I want to recommend to someone.
10,This is a documentary, not a movie.
10,Thank you for the hope.
10,The message for everyone in this era's reality film will be the same
10,Are you happy now, Zain? My pain is infinitely shabby and light to tears.
10,The children's acting hurts realisticallyㅠ
10,I was glad that I was able to regain the innocence of a 13-year-old child with the smile of the last Zain.
10,I remember the scene where an illegal immigrant woman, who was unable to raise her child, distributed food to the main character's child and took him home and washed him just like his/her child.
10,I can't forget your last smile. Among the movies I watched recently, there was the most echo. I'll give you a one-line review so that many people can see it!
10,This is their life, their reality, they all dream of happiness, and that's a very difficult reality, and I don't know how long it's been since I've shed pure tears besides the real provocative sect
10,I didn't want my tears to be cheap sympathy.  After watching this movie, I found out about the sponsoring organization. A movie has changed me.
10,The movie is over, but the tears never end ㅠㅠ
10,How could a parent like this have a son like this?
8,Being a parent comes with unlimited responsibility!
10,A movie that makes you think deeply
10,It was heartbreaking, but it made me think of precious people again!
10,A touching story. a stunning performance Top
10,The smiling face of the last child was a twist in the movie.
8,I was moved by my 85-year-old mother. It was a little uncomfortable because there weren't many theaters, but I was immersed in it for two hoursA big round of applause for the acting of the two children
10,I can't forget the boy's eyes. It's a movie worth watching
8,People who are suffering in themselves. I want to sue the parents who gave birth to me. The boy's strong criticism, "Please don't let me have any more babies."
9,Even before the last moment, I looked at it calmly, but at the end, the emotion that I had suppressed finally exploded. one's own expression I can't forget...Shouldn't we be more interested in the world we live in? That alone is a valuable movie.
10,Jain. Jonas and other children's acting was impressive. It's so heartbreaking and so good.
8,I liked the last scene where the child, who never smiled throughout the movie, closed his mouth and made an old-fashioned expression, smiled broadly. I hope my small shoulders that kept on carrying something are lighter now.
10,I watched a movie that touched my heart after a long time.
10,It was a movie that broke my heart in the gloomy reality. I hope all the children on this land are happy
8,A touching movie. A movie that makes you sad at the end. It's a good movie that makes you think of your neighbors in need. A lot of people watch it
6,It's a bit sad.There's still this ridiculous situation going on next to the EarthYou!
10,It's a movie that made me think a lot
10,the question that is thrown at all human beings, not their stories
8,태어나고 싶은 사람 있나요?
10,My mother's responsibility for giving birth to me. My responsibility for ignoring your existence
10,The emotions of anger, sadness, fear that coexist in Jain's eyes lead not to end in mere compassion
10,I hope everyone in the world will see it
10,It was sad when Tigest was breastfeeding in the detention center. I wonder how much I miss and worry about my child?
10,A valuable movie, a meaningful movie
10,I cried.It's so sad
10,"My mom's words poke my heart like a knife."
9,Can the story of Syrian refugees be portrayed so realistically? I respect the director for his directing skills, which is not just brutal.
10,Without Spider-Man, Thanos.
10,It's the best movie of my life
8,I feel grateful that I was born in Korea
10,I can't forget the look on Sahar's face when Jain was angry to remove his makeup and looked at his brother Tears streamed naturally ㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot.After the movie, everyone won't be able to stand up.
9,A sad movie. A funny movie
10,My heart aches for two hours.
4,Feeling forced throughout the movie.It was so hot that I couldn't breathe
10,I was deeply moved.How a child can endure the ordeal!
8,My twelve were full and warm, but ungrateful
8,How far is the movie and reality?
9,It was very hard after watching the movie as much as Zain was having a hard time every day.
10,I can't forget your bright smile in the last scene. It's such a great movie
10,I really wanted to clap at the ending
10,The movie was fun and made me realize the meaning of life again.
10,I hope to see many people
8,I want to give a high score to something uniqueThe acting of a child was amazing and realistic
10,A must-see movie...
10,It was sad that it was hard to see such a good movie because of the exclusive use of Korean movie theaters.==
10,Who made me cry so much.
10,A movie that makes me think a lot.
9,It was a movie that really resonated
10,A real-life movie that shouldn't be considered a story from another country
10,A heavy movie. A must-see movie
10,Is there any hope? The reality that makes me sadder when I think about it
8,A movie that stabs everyone in the heart like you said
10,It was goodHahaha
10,The world you see through the eyes of a child. How human are we living? There is a powerful message in actions from one's small body. There is no right answer to our choice, but isn't there a better way to go?
10,Who went to the hospital?
10,It's not anyone's fault
10,I felt so sad when I heard that I wanted to grow up to be a respected and loved adult.
10,It's fun. I'll go watch it again
8,as realistic as the eye can bea bright child
10,I was sorry that I was just living like that so easily
10,A movie about the life of the underprivileged in the eyes of a child!
10,Time flies. It's a movie I want to watch again
9,If you are an Earthman, you should watch this movie.
10,Make sure you watch it. I still remember the last scene
10,How hard it must have been... I hope many people in the same situation can live a better life.
9,There were a lot of recommendations, so I watched it. I just enjoyed it. I didn't cry
9,When looking at it from the eyes of others, it is just a cheeky and bold child, but if you look at the child's life a little, you change your mind. What would I do if I were Zain? Disillusioned with the world of adults who put you in that environment, yet blessed you with a bright smile
10,I'm glad I went to Norway, Zay.
10,I watched a movie today. It is more shocking that the cruel reality is not a movie setting, and more than anything, the last scene is heartbreaking
10,After watching this movie, I think my confidence to become a parent will decrease a lot. It's heartbreaking and hardLiving in this world. Realistically, the movie was made really well. It seems to be an excellent alternative to documentaries and screenplays.
10,The year of the dog's birth, Angimoring Angsuangshuangshu
9,Who's more of an adult?  May the world come where all the children on this land laugh together.
10,It's not about us in a faraway country...
8,Maybe it's a hard movie to watch.
10,Along with the shock of unimaginable extreme poverty, I was tearful and ashamed of myself as I tried my best not to give up my human principles despite my young age and the bad conditions of the theater company.
10,I hope the movie will be the beginning of the world and the changing world.
10,It became one of the best works of my life I sincerely recommend this song
10,A movie that I want to watch again, in my heart.
10,The last smile... But he still laughs
9,Terrible... funny
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,I strongly recommend it! Shut up and strongly recommend it!
10,If I had such an environmental child, would I have lived by keeping my values? Did he survive?
10,I hope you grow into a precious boy who is loved and respected in the name of Zain.
10,The child on the screen laughs, but the audience bursts into tears. I want so many people to see this movie.
9,Inequality exists with birth and disappears with death.
9,Heartbreaking movie -!!!...your last smile!!!It's so pretty. I was surprised. I hope all the children in the world always have that kind of smile.
9,I can't forget the eyes of the main character child. It feels like I bought everything. I'm touched.
9,It's a great movie that makes us look back on our lives. I hope there are a lot of theaters that you can only see in independent movie spaces like this Through a child who opened his eyes to the world really early in his childhood, we look back on our lives again. Thank you. Thank you so much~~~~
9,It's hard to express how moved I am when I sit down heavily
10,I really want people all over the world to see this movie.
10,I cried a lot. Make sure to watch it
10,The saddest thing about this movie is that I feel a lot of things after watching this movie
10,You look back as a parent.
8,My heart is choked upWhen we're indifferent...
10,When I took the ID picture, Zain smiled broadly, and the smile was so beautiful that my heart ached. It broke my heart once again that I was not good at acting, but a real person.
8,I've never seen a movie that's so direct.
10,The tragedy of this time...sad
10,It was sad and touching because it seemed to express the hardships of actual refugees that ordinary actors could not express in a daily manner.
10,A movie that doesn't irritate some people with actual pain but makes them face each other head on
10,This is a tribute to the director and all the staff.
10,Wow, in a word, it's amazing. I strongly recommend it
10,Zain! It is a movie that shows many things and makes you reflect on yourself through the life of a child. I am heartbroken.
8,Happiness is loved by parents
10,This year's best movie star's acting skills were amazing.
9,We need this kind of movie
10,Zain laughed...
10,It's a movie that I want many people to watch. Make sure to look for it on purpose
8,It breaks my heart to watch her life for two hours
10,The time when Zain and Jonas are struggling to survive is stuck in my head
10,It's a movie that makes me think about how I should live in 2019. I support your life.
10,The young actors did not act. They seemed to have just lived up to the script because they were refugees themselves. I was busy sighing throughout the movie.
10,a sad world in which a child feeds a child
10,It's a beautiful movie. It's the best movie I've seen in years. Make sure to watch a heartbreaking and resonant movie!
10,It's sadder because it's so realistic.
8,The director cast the best actor. I give generous praise to my life for playing the role more sincerely than any other actor.
10,Please don't give birth if you don't have the confidence to raise them to be generous. What's wrong with a child born. I was heartbroken because I sympathized and understood Zain's situation so much. A movie that I want more people to watch!
10,It was the most thoughtful movie I've seen recentlyI remembered what the director said in his acceptance speechI don't know any solution, but I hope we can think about it together
8,Every scene in this movie comes sharper than any existing cinematic conflict
10,I was depressed thinking about what I could do
10,A sadder movie with no make-up or exaggeration
10,For me, it was the same movie as the home run of the Lunar New Year in 2019 with the Green Book
10,It's so hard but amazing movie, it makes me think about the world
10,I wonder if his pain is only due to his parents
8,Beautiful movie...
10,I hope that happiness is a life together
10,There was a time like that in our country Thank you for the present and I hope you can support them
10,It's uncomfortable, but I think it's a movie that depicts the problems that we have to think about together I hope you watch it
9,I kept thinking about what kind of adult I would become and what kind of life I would live
10,A movie with a heavy echo that makes you think about life and surroundings
10,I can't stop laughing
10,The country is precious. Korea, my country is great
10,The start of poverty is home. Only responsible parents should be parents!
10,It was so touching to see you take care of Jonas and Sahar, even if you weren't taken care of by your parents  The miserable lives of Lebanese and Syrian refugees are so heartbreaking, the parents who live off their children are so terrible, and they're so big and grown up, so it's heartbreaking
10,I thought it was real, but my heart aches ㅜㅜ
8,The source of strength is from the ending credit.
10,It was a more realistic and heartbreaking story because Zain, Sahar, and the baby were all real refugees. I hope everyone on the planet can dream of a really hopeful future.
10,I strongly recommend it on Lunar New Year's Day. Please come and watch it
10,I felt so many things when I was young.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot about human life.
10,a realistic but not tragic movie until the end
10,It's a very good movie.It makes us reflect and reflect on our feelings.
8,Children who can't afford to live.
10,It was so sad that even bad parents and bad adults were raised like that under bad people. They were kids one day. Many children in the world will grow up like that and become just another adult. Who's the bad guy?
10,I didn't cry, but it was a heartbreaking movie. I hope this movie will help change the world a little bit.
10,The story behind the cast of the characters is interesting. It was a movie that I was immersed in. I enjoyed it.
10,The reality continues even after the movie is over
10,I can't forget the last scene
10,It's a good movie that reminds me of the meaning of life. I hope people around the world live peacefully and happily
10,I think the real director is a genius. I was surprised that all the actors were street casts. It was a movie where I could feel emotion, sadness, and joy at the end.
10,It was so heartbreaking to see the main character's situation I pray that every child in the world will be cared for and loved for being a child
10,Zain ended up being 'at the end'.'
10,The movie is over, but children's faces keep coming to mind
9,I hope all the children of this land are loved. a poignant film His eyes were so sad that it made me cry just by just looking at them
10,Survival itself, not acting, since Revenant
8,An invitation to a world I never knew
8,The reality that we need to know is that there are many people living there
10,A movie that conveyed the situation of refugees well through Zain. The movie that made my heart warm and moved when I saw myself shouting for freedom like the children of heaven
10,Sighs came out of my mouth all the time I watched, and anger came out of my mouth. Fortunately, there will be a moment when you can see the scene where the boy with the sad eyes smiles brightly for the first time on the screen. A movie that I want to recommend watching a theater with just that smile of comfort.
10,Is there really a God?  God bless you all
10,My heart is dazedI didn't come out to the world, but my parents didn't choose me, so I had to live my life, so I shouldn't choose, but in front of the reality that I have no choice but to...I hope there's no explanation of the vicious circle
10,I didn't know how much pain he would have had before he said that his life was dirtier than his shoes
10,It's been a while since I saw the movie, but it's the first time I'm so interested in this movie. I'll have to watch a movie with tears in my eyes and a smile again
8,a masterpiece following the Florida project
8,It's a film directed by a woman who can't be treated as a human being in Islam, so she's more desperate...
10,I don't know how much we're enjoying right?
9,The best movie I've seen recently... deeper at the end I strongly recommend it!
10,My heart is numb...
6,The message of the movie is cheering, but the movie itself...
10,The daily lives of refugees or illegal immigrants, who we strongly opposed last year's putting on our land, the presence of children driven from the situation amid repeated realities.
8,His smile at the end was so cute but I thought, "Oh, come to think of it, it's my first time seeing him smile."
9,Like you. You want to live. It's not going to be easy
10,It's like welcome rain for me, who was shaking with extreme job reports.
8,The main character boy's eyes are long.While watching the movie, the reality of human history, which is truly heartbreaking, came as sadness.
9,Tough, unrealistic reality movie.
9,It's a masterpiece. ㅠㅠ
8,The child is so hard on his emotions. But I felt so sad that this was real
9,You should not have a child who will not be happy in birth. A child cannot grow up on its own. Incompetent parents deserve to be sued.
10,Wouldn't it be time for Korea to have a little serious discussion on refugees? People are so diverse, but where does that diversity come from? There are no villains and no complete psychopaths, but the movie makes me feel frustrated and nervous all the time.
10,I was happy to be able to live a life where a refugee boy had a little bit of a life, to be able to think about life happily now, and to watch a movie that was touching
8,It was all right. All righta
10,I recommend it. Thank you for the good movie.
10,It was a movie that made me think about a lot of things and I think it will be a movie that I remember for a long time.If you're thinking about whether to watch it or not, I recommend you to watch it
10,ㅠㅠ So touching movie
10,It was the best movie ever. A movie that helps me look back on my life and think about my future life
10,My film of the year already in February of this year :)
10,One of this year's masterpieces... Make sure you watch it. You don't regret it.
10,the best film of one's life The last scene is the best cut I'll never forget.
10,It's heartbreaking, but I enjoyed it
10,It was a movie that didn't need any rhetoric. strike a chord with one's Tears didn't come out, but a big lump fell on my chest. I hope everyone watches this movie.
10,My favorite movie from today.
10,I want many people to see this movie   This child's words break my heart
10,It was so good. It's a movie that I will remember for a long time Make sure you watch it. I hope you grow up to be a happy kid
8,I watched it without any expectations, but there were a lot of things that remained
9,Feel a pressure on one's chest. It's hard to put words into the movie because it might become lighter.
10,It's a must-see movie. Can someone explain why the international community is sitting on its hands?
10,The atmosphere of Cine Cube Entertainment
10,A movie that makes people in need want to give practical help in the future
10,My heart aches. a film that brought the refugee issue back to mind
10,Don't let me have a baby What are the parents thinking? Religious reasons? Why do they only have children who are not responsible?
10,I hope a lot of people saw it!
1,Are you trying to shame Christianity? a film made for public self-satisfaction
9,I hope there will be no more world where children cry because of adults' faults
7,Children still dying of poverty and disease...
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for two hours. A touching story to learn from a child. I recommend it. I hope the children in this movie will be happy in the future.
10,I hope a lot of people saw it
10,A very valuable movie...A few days after the movie ended, it still lingers. It makes me think a lot.
10,In the last scene, when a child laughs, I cry...
10,You have to show a movie like thisA movie that is not a real commercial movie can be fun.It is also great that the director recruited refugees and illegal residents and guaranteed their status afterwards.I really want to recommend this movie ㅜㅜ
10,It makes me think about the things that I have to take responsibility.
10,It's a world where we live well togetherEven if life is like that, I really hope that all parents who respect and care for their children will live like that
10,The saddest movie of my life!
9,It was a sad movie from start to finish, but it made me think about a lot of things. Thank you.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I was so angry that I couldn't even shed a tear. I feel grateful for the director who asked the fundamental question about education and religion.
10,It was so heartbreaking that the ignorance of the parents was a sin.
8,It is a movie that shows many stories calmly. The biggest topic is children's rights, which are lost due to poverty. "Don't let your parents have children." The main character, who is only 12 years old, said in court.
10,A movie that doesn't waste a bit of 120 minutes of running time. It makes you think about how much of a person's life and life would be contained in what would be summarized as a social problem. Even if the ending credit goes up, the audience stays there in the lingering emotions. It was a sad and good movie.
10,My heart was overwhelmed by my work, not their story.
10,My wife said, it's my favorite movie
10,The next generation following irresponsible parents...The one who's trying to break it's...
10,I felt numb when he said he wanted to be respected and loved
10,A masterpiece that you have to watch over and over again.
10,Life movie that makes me look back on my life!
10,The depth of a 12-year-old's life, the pain, the two-hour-long immersion, the maligning of an adult who throws up irresponsibility in anger, the 11 year-old bridal fool, if you think you're lazy, watch it
10,I hope you all watch it I was so sad when I watched it ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,I can't be easily compassionate, and I'm in awe of myself
9,a film that gives a deep thought to society. It is fortunate that I was born in my country. The acting is real and gives a deep echoes
10,Throughout the movie, I felt so sorry that I couldn't breathe in my life!
10,How can I not cry when I smile?
10,The scene where I blew candles on the cake that others left behind would be memorable. The boy looked happy
8,It's worth seeing. At the theater
10,Although he is young, he reflects on his pioneering self with questions about his life.
10,The most memorable movie in my life
10,The shame of myself, sitting on the sidelines of these children's pain and not appreciating the necessity given to me, seemed to pierce my heart like a knife.
10,There is no one to blame or blame for the character. Who is responsible for the wrong situation and reality?  There's only an obligation for everyone
9,Gavanaugh is a movie that has to be made by someone and everyone must watch.I won't call this movie "ever.ever" because there is a reality that is colder than the movie.He's finally gonna laugh.
10,I can't say anything I'll give you stars instead
10,It is a masterpiece that makes Korean movies like beggars laugh boldly!
10,Please make sure everyone watched it
10,Raheel's Motherly Love and Weeping Jonas' face, a film about human dignity, was heartbroken
9,I cried watching it today...
10,It was good, but it was good I can't tell you, I'm out of breathtaking. I wish I could think deeply
10,There is no perfect good, no perfect evil
10,I feel so emotional I think it will be a movie that will be remembered for a long timeI hope to increase the number of theaters so that many people can watch this movie
10,The reality of Korea, where abortion is illegal, is not much different. The future of a child is never the responsibility of parents and individuals
10,No one is born of their own will. It's a movie that can reflect on human life and dignity, so I hope many people watch it.
10,I thought my life was a luxury through myselfThere aren't many theaters, but I hope that a lot of people take the time to watch it
10,a tremble all over one's body ㅠㅠ Oh...
10,Everyone born in the world should be loved and respected.
9,It makes sense both to himself and to his parents.Then whose fault is it?It's hell for kids trying to escape from Gavanaugh.Why doesn't Jesus' miracle happen?I came back after receiving homework that was difficult to solve.
10,I enjoyed watching ^^ which made me feel many things throughout the movie
10,I'm sad that I couldn't clap after the movie
10,Even after a few days, I can't stop thinking about it. It was more heartbreaking that the children seemed to be showing their reality, not acting. The movie that I couldn't get up until the end because I was sad.
10,It's a great movie. The 14-year-old's perspective was so adult that it was burdensome and the pressure pressed the whole movie, but I think it's a great movie. Are our daily lives different from those of Gavanaugh? Is it the same? I wonder.
10,It's a touching movie Recommendation
10,It's such a good movie, so I hope you all watch it.
10,It was like stabbing the heart. The fact that it's not fiction but reality makes my heart heavy
10,I saw the terrible reality of Zain in a warm movie theater.
8,a mockery of those who blindly believe in God God wants us to be trampled on the floor.'My heart was broken by the lines that a child uttered while crying. It's depressing because it's reality 100.
9,The movie "Nobody Knows" came to mind. A more disastrous version of Nobody Knows.
10,Thank you so much to the people who planned this movie and to Zain. I hope more people can watch the movie and feel deeply about the problems of our society  You're happy now ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,The future looks bleak.I thought about it, but I'm nothing
10,I've come to think again about children's human rights, women, refugees, and illegal immigrants. I was heartbroken when he said that he wanted to be a loved and respected adult. It was even more heartbreaking to hear that it was casting actual refugees, and that it must be a movie with life.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot.
10,It's one of the best tricks. a strong recommendation
10,무슨 말을 해야 할 지 모르겠습니다. 이 시대의 모든 사람들은 이것을 꼭 봐야 한다.
10,It's my favorite movie. Make sure to watch it. You'll regret it if you don't watch it.
10,I hope you laugh more
10,It's a movie that has a real life story
9,He's like an awl that comes out again and again, even when nothing goes his way. It makes me think about what I can do to help these poor children properly and effectively in front of this huge problem. Let's watch it one more time
10,It's a must-see movie
9,I lost track of time because it was so calm (G)I-DLE's acting is great and touching
10,I hesitated because it was a heartbreaking movie, but it makes me think a lot about human dignity, adult irresponsibility, and so on!I'm glad I saw it~~
10,I felt my heart ache all the time, and I could feel grateful for the way I am now
10,It's a movie that shows how poverty in Korea destroys families and takes children out to the streets. I applaud the video producer who expresses every expression of the real person
10,What a touching and heartbreaking movie ㅠㅠ
8,It was so touchinglol
10,The Second Holy Land of Jesus, Gavanaugh... But the reality is that you're poor.
10,It was miserable and miserable, but it was so hard that I cried more A movie I want to recommend to everyone
10,I saw the most beautiful movie of my life. I can't forget the eyes of the main character, "Jain."
10,Ugh. It's so sad but touching. ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Reality is more like a movie than a movie. It's a movie that makes you angry with the world's leaders, companies, and feel sorry for the children.
10,Watch it with the kids You'll have a chance to talk about Syrian refugees, about poverty, about parents
8,It's a trick that stands outstandingThe actors were too realistic, but they weren't actors, they were cast on the streetIt's even more heartbreaking because it's only a couple of generations ago in Korea
10,A movie that touches you so much
9,Looking at the boy who accuses his parents, I also want to accuse him. The government, the world, everyone who abuses power...
8,Age is something that you eat without any effort, and ageing like that is not all adults...
10,A heavy echo!It makes us all look back^^
9,Mom's words stab me in the heart like a knife
10,It would be nice to get a certificate to become a parent.The tears of a 12-year-old boy are heartbreaking.There are still a lot of people who live that kind of life.
10,A movie that deserves a 15-minute standing ovation in Cannes
10,I've been thinking about abandonment, but I have to think about the sins that I gave birth to.
10,It's a great movie that makes me feel grateful that I'm living a rich and happy life right now
8,Poverty. What made the child's smile disappear?
9,Children left unattended, abused and dying by adult faults.Is it true that the world will perish without repentance?
10,the dignity of life Religion, life, value... Is there anyone who can say that Zain is bad?  If you don't act, they're...
10,Don't tell me you can't help it. Don't even hide behind the practice. There is no power to change everything. Is that why you're giving up? Are you trying to bury yourself in the dark of society? Adults who are making excuses, it's not true, you adults who are making excuses. We just need to do what we need to do right now. For example, hugging a crying child.
9,Movie for us, life for them.
10,It's so sad. I sue my parents for giving birth to me and growing up like me.
9,It was good. It was a work that allowed me to think about life, children, poverty. I keep thinking about his empty eyes
10,Please increase the number of theaters! I hope many people will watch this movie.
10,I still can't forget his eyes. If only we could save them from the world. I longed throughout the movie.
10,Best movie I've ever seen. I wish this kind of movie would do better
10,I was so sad at the end It's a movie that made me think a lot
10,It's the best! It's like watching "Life is Beautiful".Especially, parents with children will not be able to stop crying when they watch this movie. Especially, it shows the life that actors are experiencing, so natural acting is the best
10,As someone said in this movie, I threw stones at my heart.
8,He or I say that living is OO.
10,Whose fault is it? What's clear is that I'm ashamed of myself too
10,Can't they be given a minimum of life...
1,A movie that only needs people who need sympathy. It was worse than a documentary to seriously solve this reality, and it was monotonous to arouse dramatic interest. The current state of the Paris Salon Left's overstated sensibility
9,It was a movie that lingers.Recommendation!
10,If you're thinking about how to live, I recommend it.
10,There was a long lingering feeling and tears at the ending credit
9,They know but have tried to ignore it, maybe our story.
9,Tears fell the whole time I watched. Slumdog Millionaire and a movie that no one knows. The story of Ani who sues parents who only give birth and neglect. It's amazing that you cast people who have no acting experience and are actually in similar situations to make this movie!
10,a thought-provoking film
10,A sad and painful encounter that exists but does not exist, and is proved to exist only when you commit a crime.
10,There's still a lot of kids who are struggling, and what you said was a lot of irresponsible adults, but the adults who made this environment at that age, I was embarrassed because I was in a position to raise children
10,It was sad, sad, and touching.
10,A movie that really drives people crazy. It's been a few days since I cried. A really good movie
10,I recommend that you smile about 1% of the time in the 1% of the movie. The last scene is so memorable.
10,The little boy looked really tough and greatI cried so much until the next day, my eyes...I'm angry. I'm sorry. I'm sick.At the end of the line, the child's saying that he wants to be a good adult when he grows up.My heart ached so much
10,Children who exist but don't exist. I'm sure there was a time when you had an innocent face like Jonathan
10,a touchy-feely trick
10,When a person is like a person, it's a person.a movie of one's life that resonates deeply
10,I want to go, but there aren't many theaters
10,It's a very sad and realistic movie. It's heartbreaking, but I'm living a happy life right now. I have a lot of thoughts
9,It was a fact, and I was sad that it was an act that actually went through that life.
9,It's a movie where you feel a sense of surprise amidst the heavyness and discomfort, and you wake up with the feeling of sorry.
10,Korean movies are different in depth from Korean movies
9,a movie that is more than heartbreaking
10,It's the best movie ever. It's the calm, heavy, heavy echoes and tens of thousands of emotions
8,The movie was made in detail and sincerity, so I realized a lot. It's a night where you have a lot of thoughts.
9,Poverty is not a crime. However, it is no different from sin to give birth to another love just because you love it and not take full responsibility for it because you are poor. A man who has endured even in that hellish environment may be more adult than his parents.
10,It's a movie that makes your heart race from start to finish
10,Wow, this is a real movie
10,I'm a beginner, but I'm not acting.She's a female director, but she's quiet and strong. Lebanon is a weak but powerful movie!The child is not the main character or the world's human scale, but human dignity is the best!Even if the movie is long, it wakes up quickly. It's a movie for human beings and lives that are worse than bad
9,I feel sorry for crying over guilt as an adult. Ask society, not the parents of those children. How long will he ignore it as a personal family affair?
10,I'm sorry. I can't express it in words
10,It's the movie of my life movie. Make sure you watch it and feel grateful through it.
9,Each child's expression contained so deep anguish and sadness that it hurt my heart the whole time I watched it.
10,I endured well in a world where none of the terrible poverty recognized you. I'll live like a weed, no matter what the ordeal is! I'm happy now!
10,I feel sad because there are so many kids who are struggling
8,It seems like a sad, upsetting, but unsympathetic reality.
10,There seems to be no God on the screen, but there is a God outside.
10,I dare say it's the movie of the year.
10,The rating is low. It's more than 10 points. The calm gaze that reflects "Ja-in" soon becomes a blackness that weighs down on the audience. Any word I say about their lives is cautious. The dry reality is far more turbulent than the author's adaptation. Zain has no choice but to accuse the parents who gave birth to him.
10,Acting is so real I can't forget the eyes of the actors
10,The hot echo of your heart!
10,I hope we learned how to express tragedy without stimulating production
8,I didn't know until I saw the ending.   I didn't know you had such a beautiful smile
10,Living is OO.Is there anything important in life?
10,The most pitiful and great being in the world is man.
10,It's vivid as if I've seen a documentary. It's a movie that makes you think a lot.
10,Even after the movie, I couldn't wake up because I couldn't handle it. It's so unfortunate that you can't choose life or birth
9,It's a movie that makes my heart ache after watching it. I wonder if there's anything I can do for more people in the world. I hope more people will watch this movie.
10,I couldn't blame my parents or my children.It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,The desperate cry of a boy in a terribly poor life lingers in my mind. "I wanted to be loved and respected, but my life is like X."A movie with a message of confusion and hope from a director who dreams of a miracle of Gavanaugh through his own smile."
10,It makes me think a lot...
9,A movie that literally makes my heart sink
8,Nadine Lavaki's acceptance speech was impressive
10,It was really nice. It warmed my heart
8,My heart breaks for them I'm a tourist and an audience so all I have to do is look
10,Really, I think it's all our responsibility. About those little kids.
10,The emotions that I have to feel after watching this movie...What should I define it as?
10,Just shut up and watch! It's the best!
10,Thank you for the kids It was hard to find a theater
9,I hope the day comes when Zain smiles sincerely!
10,A must-see movie that makes you feel the pain of the must-see movie
10,This kind of movie is a true movie.The movie made me feel and think about many things and made me feel that I should live a valuable life again.It's the best
8,It's a movie that makes me think a lot.It's not a professional actor, but it's a movie where you can feel the sincerity that's not
10,Zain Zain, smile. It's not a death certificate, it's a photo for your ID.
8,It's a good movie. It reminds me of our past.
10,It was such a painful story that I couldn't say I liked it after watching the movie, but what I wanted to say was so good.
10,It's not just a movie that saves time, but a movie that really touches your heart! Recommendations, recommendations!
10,I cried a lot while watching this movie
10,I'm so touched! I'm so touched by Jayne's acting!
10,A film that blatantly shows how out of touch and hypocrisy we live in. By far the best movie I've seen recently.
10,A movie that everyone must watch
10,The reality was the most heartbreaking movie.
10,It's a good movie. It's heartbreaking ㅜㅜ
10,Life is a fierce battlefield and hope
10,What else can I say after watching this movie?
10,I watched it without any expectations, but everything was good
10,A good movie that I watched with good people in a good place
10,a movie with many theaters
10,That's the kind of hell I'd say giving birth to a child is a luxury for parents' luxury. After seeing someone else's misfortune, I'm sorry to be relieved that I have so much.
10,It's the worst movie ever. Make sure you watch it
10,It's a movie that makes you think about life and look around more. I know that there are many refugees in Korea and there are many illegal residents, but I regret that I showed an indifferent and indifferent attitude. I hope many people watch it
10,It's well made.I'surely
10,Your words! "Please don't let me have any more children." The child who had no choice but to sue his parents.I can't choose to be born. There's a rumor that Zain expressed his feelings more while filming the movieIt was one of the biggest movies in my life.
10,Please show me a movie like this, I don't want much. Show me at least once a day. The countryside is beyond the pale.
10,It's not a movie that I can evaluate carelessly.It's really touching and heartbreaking.Thank you to everyone who made this movie.
10,It's very sad and heavy, but I want everyone to watch it. Zain laughed, but I cried.
10,It makes me look back and reflect on myself and myself
9,It was better not to portray them tragically in an impressive movie
8,Middle East version nobody knows, 20 minutes into the second half of the Florida project just watched the movie, horrified
7,I don't know if it's because I was caught up in an annoying phone call before going to the theater and couldn't concentrate in the early stages, but it's a bit boring and messy in the middle, but it works as it comes together at the end. be worth seeing in moderation
10,Every aspect that I didn't want to know is revealed. I hope you live safely, like a child
10,I just want it to be a movie... crying
8,the sublimeness of those who seek to end the chronicle of evil
10,It's a documentary. It's a reality. The whole world needs to see the eyes of a child. It's not acting. It's the truth. It'
9,I cried when I saw Jain's smiling face at the last time
10,Don't just say hope
10,I felt a heavy responsibility, which made me think a lot
10,I feel like I've seen a movie for the first time in a while. It was a movie that stabbed the heart with the eyes of a child who didn't even know his age, and every word he says
10,a work of art and popularity
10,How will I look when I watch with bated breath?
10,There are still children like Zain and Sahar, right? ...and it's just that when they grow up, they inherit the same bad habits, and they're miserable in the reality that a vicious cycle will continue.
10,Children cannot be treated carelessly even if they are their own children because they were born like that.A movie like a documentary!
10,There have been many times when I was wasting 10,000 won while watching the movie, but I am willing to watch this movie again even after paying 100,000 won.
10,I felt ashamed as an adult through Zain. [Gavernaum] It'Recommend.
8,Can we be responsible for our children?
10,It's more than I thought it'd be I watched it because the story was interesting, and the work itself was good
10,May countless children in the world enjoy happiness in love and care without being neglected or abandoned by poverty.
10,I don't think there was anything I could do to help the child.
9,Their eyes weren't acting because they lived a similar life It was the life they experienced in person and the feeling. This is the moment when I feel endlessly grateful for the ordinary life I am enjoying.
10,Heartbreaking movie. :: I enjoyed it
10,I hope many people watch it
10,The movie of my life. The movie that everyone must watch
10,Great movie, human dignity that utilizes the power of the media! Thank you.
10,The story we need to know.  a good man
10,Best movie ♡ More than a movie ♡
10,It was a sad movie.
4,Heaven can only be occupied by the poor at heart
8,tears flowing naturally
10,A scroll to the top of sorrow is a must
10,I can't easily forget the last scene of the movie that I will regret if I don't watch it.
10,The audience watched it for 2 hours without breathing
10,My heart felt heavy when I saw the last smile of Jain.
10,Poverty is not a sin, but irresponsibility is a sin
10,10 points for making the movie. Movies that you want to watch a lot
10,I had a headache the whole time I watched it, but I still have a headache after a few hours. I think I'll spend a long time thinking about life.
10,Thank you to the people who made this movie. I hope more people will see it.
10,A movie that hits the chest and head.I recommend it to everyone around me, but I don't know if you can watch it because there are so few theaters. I recommend you to watch it if you can.Zain... Zain... I keep thinking about the boy's back.
10,I brought a movie pamphlet after 20 years when I came home. I'll put it on the wall and don't forget what I thought of today.
9,This movie is good. It's bad. It's fun. It's not funny. It's a movie that can't be commented on. It's such a harsh, harrowing, hellish reality that exists in the 21st century.
10,Zain... Zain... Zain... Zain...His expression will be remembered for a long time.
10,These days, society says it is hard and hard, but you can feel what it is to live a desperate life in a movie that shows what a really hard life is. Seeing the young protagonist who does not cry even if hardships come after hardships and continues to move forward in them, I became ashamed of myself who grumbles even if it is a little hard...
10,The world is like this. I've been living with my own eyes
9,I can't forget the expression of my last self.
9,I think it's a movie that we really filmed. I recommend it.
10,How come there's no place to release such a moving movie?
8,Political conflict, as well as irresponsible parents. Religious conflicts must also be held accountable.
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot of things
10,Bad government, bad customs, bad adult hell
10,It's a heartbreaking movie. It's really well made and it made me think deeply about poverty once again
10,I think it's more comfort than comfort, but... This movie feels like it's coming at the same time. Unfamiliar.
10,I really want more people to watch this movie. It's a movie that makes me realize how cowardly and gutted I was right now when I was angry and complaining.
10,The boy's tears for the world...The cry of those who have to live in a system of evaluating human beings by paper... It's a movie that makes you have mixed feelings.
10,It's a really good movie. All the time I've been watching...It was touching that my heart was choked up even after I watched it I almost gave him a standing ovationDon't miss such a good movie
8,It's a movie that makes me think
10,As director Nadine said, a film that helps the public think. I was impressed by the movie that allows me to dynamically experience Lebanon, which is vividly drawn, along with my own vision, and the sophisticated production that does not indiscriminately display pain.
10,I can't hold my face up because I'm ashamed of the self-portraits of adults who are so terrible.  It`s a movie that lashes out at the thoughtless parents and underdeveloped society, who blindly give their children, saying that everyone is born with their food.It's a masterpiece. The tyranny of parenting around the world needs to be corrected quickly.
10,I'm speechless. You're the best
10,A movie worth 200 million times more than a hit-and-run extreme job.  Last year, the Florida project was a no-winner with God. The monopoly of Korean movie screens is serious
10,I will become an adult who tries to make children smile. Thank you for the movie.
9,Jonas was so cute that I couldn't take my eyes off him.
10,The whole sequence seemed to sting with a knife. The movie cut out something of me, and there was only emptiness in the cut and left space.
10,It's the best! I feel like I watched a documentary that was filmed calmly without an exaggerated scene. That's why it's a movie that touches my heart
10,At the end, when she smiles, tears well up and I get teary.I'm getting emotional again that there aren't many theaters where I can see these movies.
5,Five points is satisfaction with the movie. I just watched the movie. Of course, it's not a movie that I watch as "fun," and it's not a movie that's very immersive. It's calm and boring. But it's a movie that shows what the present window is. It's a movie that makes you think about this and that.
10,The real story is heartbreaking and heartbreaking
10,It's like James Dean.Swag harpoon...
10,It exploded at the ending credit
10,I think it's a must-see movie even if you're not interested in others.
10,There are so few theaters, so I will go to the movie theater that takes an hour and spring... Please increase the number of theaters It's such a good movie ㅜㅜ
10,Since everyone has been through childhood, there are essential elements that children believe should be provided, which everyone agrees with. Extremely provocative scenes are excluded as much as possible that it is being violated, but the waves behind them seem to be fully predictable.
10,a child accusing society of darkness and adult irresponsibility
10,I'm crying because it's more cruel than the movie
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,I think I'll keep thinking about it It's
10,It's a realistic movie where you can feel the sadness and sadness.
8,The ending scene was definitely the best.
10,#refugees #illegal aliens #boy law #child abuse. I can't believe you're portraying the story of a world that's far away and close to us.
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for a moment
10,A movie that makes me think about children's rights again. It was really good.
10,It's a really good movie. The acting and filming went really well
10,If I were in that situation, I would never be able to do it like myself
10,Each person must be different from beginning to end, but I think the reason for being a person is that it is pain. The movie "Gavanaugh" was a movie that tried not to display other people's pain, not to show the moment of pain, but to accuse the place of unprovoked pain.
9,It was so nice to see a moving movie after a long time. I don't cry a lot after watching the movie, but I'm crying. ㅠㅠ It's a pity that there aren't many theaters.
10,It was really good that the first movie I saw this year was this movie. I'm touched.
9,How dare anyone be free from the enormous emotional whirlpool this film gives.
10,I can't forget the last line of wanting to be respected and loved ㅜㅜ
10,We are all hypocrites. We are all no different from the Christians who sang in prison, who only commented that it was good and didn'nt do anything.
9,Make sure you watch it. Everyone
8,Time to think about refugees around the world
8,It was a movie that made me wonder what I could do for the children. I hope this heart is not just a short sympathy.
10,A movie like seolleongtang with no salt. a real country
10,I'm afraid I'm going to tell my kids, "I had no choice but to do that." Parents also make cowardly excuses in tough situations, but we can do that, too. It could be my parents' fault, but I think it's a question to ask God Why should I live this life?
10,A movie worth 10 points. It's intense from the beginning to be intense scene. As long as parents have children, is that all? Your parents aren't your parents either. Is it true that you're going to name your baby Zahar if it's a girl because you'really? You have to say something that makes sense.
10,I was heartbroken from the first scene. And I was immersed in acting like a documentary Let's give a round of applause to those who made great movies Standing ovation makes sense.
10,If a movie was born for this purpose, I would make it the richest person in the world
10,Ketchup has a name, production date and expiration date
10,It was hard because I was emotional after watching it, but I want everyone to watch it. Pinch reality and make you think a lot. It's a movie that makes sense that giving birth is not all parents.
9,His voice that he wanted to be a good person when he grew up lingers in his ears. You've been a good enough man in your life
8,Each one of us feels differently. I've come to think of many situations that may be a little different in our country. Thank you for the good movie.
10,A movie that adults must watch. Theater, we need to increase the number of screenings.
10,A movie that makes me think about poverty not only in Korea but also in the world.
10,The way a young man quietly takes care of his own life contrasts with his parents screaming that they didn't want to live like this, so don't avoid it, think about it, and work hard
10,I think I watched a good movie after a long time. I applaud the directors and actors who have made such a moving film.
10,It's so lingering... I won't forget the last scene
10,I was so immersed that I had a headache that I watched it. A line that sticks to your heart... The actors' eyes and tears... A few smiley scenes that dilute the heaviness. I felt grateful for my daily life. If you see it, you'll have no regrets.
10,His empty eyes remained lingering, but his heart ached at the reversal of the Syrian refugee situationThat emptiness can't come from smoke, and I'm so ashamed of myself for just passing by the world's wars and disasters, not tomorrow
9,The one who pours out anger at the parents, and the parents who did their best in their situation. The reality is too harsh to hold one side accountable. The movie is a must-see for those who encourage them to have children because they are lonely and old, even though the recession that is hard to live on.
10,Thank you for my present life
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I don't need to say much.
9,Looking at your smile, it feels like you endured the last 2 hours of narrative
10,It's a movie that brings reality to life. There's no saying, "This movie is based on a true story."
10,OOO's global village where a 12-year-old boy says life is like 같아. And Jonas should be given an acting award this year.
10,For two hours, BoA was so frustrated that it was hard to sit still and watch. Can we just spend this situation on movies like this?
8,There's a long aftertaste...
10,Best - the last scene really struck a chord
10,The best movie of the year, or the best movie in nearly three years. It made me think a lot after watching it. In particular, I keep thinking of the smile of Jain in the last scene. I hope Jonas and Zain are happy somewhere. May you be free from misery and oppression from what you have not chosen.
10,Ha... ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
10,I was heartbroken.
10,This movie is really a masterpiece!!!!It's a shame there aren't many theaters꼭I hope many people watch it
10,I can't forget his smile.
10,I wish I had a parent's license.Thank you to my parents.
8,I got goosebumps when I saw the last phrase
10,Justice that a 12-year-old child personally practices. + I think punishment for early marriage, trading marriage, and paedophiles should be strengthened first. to the death penalty
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,It's so sad.ㅜㅜ I hope everyone in that neighborhood is happy
8,At some point in the reality that the movie brings, it weighs heavily
10,The movie of my life became a movie that I became interested in society as well as a good movie. I can feel how much the director cares and loves the society
10,If you've done the right thing, you've got the uncivilized contraception coming from ignorance. All the parents who come out there are guilty, the government that makes it happen, the government that stands by is executed, and ironically, the smartest person is an 11-year-old child If I were born in that country, would I have reversed the same way?
10,I sincerely hope that you are happy.
10,I hope that children who don't exist in the world can be recognized for their existence.
10,I happened to see the movie Human life is equal to everyone.What a heartbreaking movie.I have to look back on my life and be interested in my neighborhood.I strongly recommend it!
9,Heartbroken all the time ㅠㅠ a system of inextricable poverty and tragedy caused by incompetent/irresponsible adults... But I still don't know if the film's limitation or advantage is that it hasn't touched the political and social problems of Lebanon's civil war and conflict, which is the source of the tragedy
10,It's like comforting at a refugee shelter with a song.The scene that doesn't fit me...
10,It's so scary.What would you have done if you hadn't seen this?
10,It's a movie that makes me so sad that I can't even cry
10,It reminds me of the saying, "Even if there are no bad children, there are bad adults."ㅠ
10,It was good to know the lives of refugees
10,It was cool throughout the movie and cried a lot afterwards
10,Tears welled up... Heart-warming...a good movie to watch alone
10,The boy's words that his life was dirtier than his shoes really hurt. Was there a movie that reflected the miserable world better than this?
10,I had a hard time watching it, but it's a good thing I saw it I can't forget your eyes
10,It's like watching a documentary, not a movie. I was horrified that the babies were really good at acting, but when the last caption came out, I was even more horrified. Everyone is saying that they are living well now. I think it's a reliefㅜㅜ
8,1 Composition similar to Slumdog Millionaire. 2 Cross alone doesn't change anything. 3. Rather than pass on poverty, let's not give birth
10,I miss Jonas a must-see movie
10,I hope that you enjoy small happiness and how much happiness you enjoy^^
8,The reality is terrible, but courage and encouragement to a 12-year-old boy who lives through it...
10,It was an opportunity to reflect on my life.I took what I enjoy for granted, but through this movie, I became grateful.
10,I feel that there are no theaters like this every time, but it's a problem of Korean movie screen monopoly.Fortunately, there was an independent movie theater nearby, so I watched it. Watching the movie made me feel so overwhelmed, and I kept crying because of the indescribable pain. It's all adults' fault.
8,The reason why my pain is shabby...
10,I'm only crying...
10,I thought the last one wouldn't laugh
10,This movie is...If you watch it without thinking, just thumbs up!It is.
10,Ketchup bottles have names, too. There is a date of manufacture and expiration date.
10,When the movie is over, I feel more sad and emotional. I hope kids like you can live a better life and be happy
10,I'm so sad that you're so calm that I can't even shed tears.
9,Too small to be a 12-year-old child, the director's view that poverty is bad in this movie is tacky, so my hands and feet are cringe- The court without any punishment for sexual harassment, murder or child abuse was a really impressive movie.
10,I was stabbed in the chest again when the caption about the last characters was posted.ㅠ
10,I understood black people by looking at the Green Book and I understood refugees by looking at Gavanaugh.
10,The movie of my life... The power of the movie is strong!
10,I want to give 10 points twice!
10,It is the power of a movie with a good story and direction. You can make a movie with a good theme and social issues, but it is hard to convey your true feelings. We have seen many UNICEF ads and know that the human rights issue of children in third countries is not good. I just feel the pity of the moment and continue my daily life
8,The supply of condoms is urgently needed. I'm shocked my daughter died and she's pregnant again. Is it psychotic to say that God takes one and gives another...
10,The movie itself is quiet, but it is a movie that I can realize a lot throughout the movie.
10,I want to believe that there is hope in your eyes and smile.
10,Why do I have water when Zain is laughing? ㅠㅠㅜㅜ
9,I felt the power of the movie. Isn't it possible for us to continue to be aware and conscious of the base of the world through movies like this?
8,It's sad and heartbreaking, but I feel that there are many different things in the world.I want the boy to grow up healthy
10,After the movie, I couldn't make any noise and couldn't get up.
10,It is so sad and so lovely.
9,an extremely brutally well-made film
10,Actors who show unpolished acting skills with a purity of 100...The movie was even more heartbreaking because it wasn't like acting.Even after the movie, the children's faces dimmed for a long time.
10,It's so hard and hard to get a basic 'live' Human rights that poverty does not have, just born and born children who are sacrificed under it. Parents who lead poor lives starting from birth. Who can say it's bad? His smile is sad.
10,Oh, it's really sad.
10,The best movie I've seen in years. The last scene made me forget the pain throughout the movie. I want to see that scene again. I want to see the movie again.Regardless of whether children or adults are seen or not, I thought our reality, which is burdensome, would not be much better here.
10,a film showing repeated poverty
10,Oh, it was a crazy movie
10,I can't forget the expression of the last self.Who can blame this kid?Isn't it the world and the adults who put despair and anger in the eyes of a child's eyes?
10,I want to believe in the power of movies.
8,The last scene is still sad
10,It's a time of touching and self-reflection that makes you forget to respect and respect the people who planned and produced this movie
10,I've never felt so sad and sick when I saw a person smile
10,I felt a barrier that was not easy to immerse myself in in the beginning, and I was immersed more deeply than any other work after that. Especially, the last scene left a deep impression. I was even more happy to spend the morning time with her in a good movie.
10,A movie that will be remembered for a long time or forever.The painful reality that we probably knew but didn't know that was happening in the distance. It's a movie that everyone should watch.
9,The sadness and anger of the children. It's all our fault... "I'm sick of adults who don't take care of their children.:
6,I saw it yesterdayI guess there are a lot of people who are obsessed with giving this kind of movie a lot of ratings~It's worth watching, but I don't think it's this high30-40 minutes in the middle is a bit boring
10,I want to see it one more time, but I can't dare go in... I think I'm going to cry. Kkoong!
10,It wasn't acting, it was just their lives
10,Biological age is not an adult.A true adult is one who has the ability to give existential value to individuals.In this movie, there are only fake adults who look like adults.Just like in real life.The last people who were disgusted were those who served in refugee camps singing.
9,Everyone lives by making mistakes, but there is a life from birth that is not even given a chance to choose among structural evil and social problems. On the contrary, I reflect on myself being busy only filling my greed in the luxury of making numerous choices.
8,Every line he shouts at us as if he is pleading with us is pathetic and disheartening The last smile of his own is long and unforgettable
10,I hope all the children in this land live in a safe and healthy society. I hope Zain, Jonathan, and Zain's sister are all happy in the new place!
10,My heart aches so much...All the children are innocent.
10,Best movie of the year!!!!
10,The childish look lingers in my memory for a long time
7,It is more touching and fun than Rome
10,I was born in this country and am happy under my good parents
1,a fictional film made with political intent
10,I added my favorite movie
9,Rather than being overwhelmed by their lives by the silent gaze, rather than clumsy sympathy and sect, it was good to reflect on themselves
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movie Recommend.
10,The echo is loud. How fortunate it is to hear that the main character's real life has improved. It's a worthwhile movie to watch.
10,It reminds me of the Florida project. So my last laugh was really
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot about refugee children.
10,I hope you watch it. It's the best
10,Honestly, I've seen a lot of movies dealing with child abuse and children on the street, but even though it's a very heavy social problem, I think I cried for the first time while watching the movie when I saw him trying to solve this problem from a child's point of view. It's a movie that deserves a standing ovation
10,Life in his eyes... That's why it's even more...Life itself, not acting. The movie of my life that still lingers even after the movie is over.
10,I hope everyone has seen the movie.
10,I think it will be the best movie of the year. It was a perfect documentary and movie that would leave director Lee out of his mind to the point of madness. The fact that all actors have actually reflected their lives on the screen makes the movie shine even more. Jain's performance is the best. This is the reason for the existence of the film.
10,The best, the best, the best movie.
1,It's not a movie. It's just "A Companion"
10,I can't calm down even when I got home. I am so sorry that I can sleep warm and comfortable in a comfortable bed wearing clean pajamas. Why can't someone in the world enjoy this and someone can't even enjoy this basic... I feel sorry for myself
10,A movie that needs words, a great movie
8,A calm movie. A well-made movie
7,Movie ethic, if you think about it over time,
9,A true hero who saves himself.If you don't get comforted by the reality that is worse than me after watching this movie, please do your best to live that weak child. What are you? I don't want to hear the same scolding.
10,The movie that everyone must watch...
10,I think parents should lead their children to grow up properly, not just because they gave birth, but because of their poverty-stricken lives, the boy felt sad that the situation would have been better if parents worked harder and tried harder to make a living.
10,It was so touching.My heart sank the whole time I watched it.It's the movie of my life
9,The gap between the play and the documentary is filled by the life acting of a refugee actor.
10,The director is a genius, showing children and women's rights, from early marriage to poor society A movie that reminds us of things that we know but don't think deeply deserves applause, so that one day someone can maybe show me the other side of Korean society
8,Our neighbors who live on this land, life and reality that can't be helped in naked and miserable poverty.And in the life that continues, deep pain and suffering...And make me see noble love
10,Lastly... The movie where the boy's laughter doesn't leave his memory easily
10,It was a touching movie that made me think a lot.
10,I just saw it, and it's a great movie for my parents. It's like a movie screaming at the world  I want to applaud your acting
10,A movie like a moving textbook
10,Tears welled up in my eyes when I saw the first scene of the skinny Zain
9,Pyeongsik doesn't give a one-line review these days? The movie doesn't appear on Naver these days. Gavanaugh even wrote...
9,The dust of complaints cleared up and my mind became clearer
9,I'm sorry I can do nothing but shed a tear with cheap pity
10,The scenes I saw from my own perspective felt like stabbing my heart like a knife.
10,There should be a lot of movies like this... Thank you.
9,Both are victims and perpetrators
10,It's the movie of my life.  I'm proud of myself for choosing this movie while thinking about what to watch.
10,My heart feels heavyIt's a movie that leaves a strong impression
10,I can still see the movie where pain, sadness, and hope coexist, and Ja-in who regained his laughter at the end.  It's the best movie ever.
10,The last scene I'll never forget!
10,It's not a parent to have a child unconditionally, but it hurts when a child in court tells his parents not to have any more babies, and I don't want to live with him.
10,I was introduced to Bae Chul Soo's music camp.It's the best movie of 2019.I thought it might be a heavy topic, so I watched it. The director shows hope in a gloomy reality.So I've seen it twice. I recommend it to those who hesitate^^
10,I hope you see it. You'll look after me again
10,I have nothing to say. It's a great movie.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I want to see it, but I can't It's so annoying to see a crazy movie playing all the time--
10,I still remember the last scene
7,I watched this movie alone on my birthday And I told my parents when I got home that I was thankful for giving birth and raising me, and thank you for registering my birth
10,My life feels so luxurious now. Should it be so difficult and desperate for a person to live like a human being?
10,It's so poignant and bitterly sad. Poverty that takes away all the breathing time. I am sorry that I cannot provide practical help.
10,May the world get warm soon!
6,It's not a movie to watch for fun or touching. It's like watching a documentary
10,Sue your parents, but also sue the world.
10,Lebanese movie? I want to watch it because it's amazing
10,How many times did Zain laugh in the movie?
10,Some movies change the world and values of the viewers. This movie is that kind of movie.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
9,"Fan ID," did anyone watch it?
10,The whole time I watched it, I couldn't relax my body and mind I want to see it again.
9,I hope your smile lasts forever
9,"People get sick and die there." I can't forget what the girl I met at the market said.
9,Jain, I hope you're as happy as you want
10,A well-made movie that makes you think a lot. It's heartbreaking, but the smile of the last person remains in my memory
9,The sad reality is that children and their parents are deprived of their lives by poverty, and they are crying and suing their parents
9,a movie that is indescribably
10,Zain choked up in the last scene of his smile.  Jain's smile, which he never smiled, was so beautiful.
8,the action of a film as a good function
10,It hurt my heart the whole time. The world that Little Zain experienced was so cruel and hopeless. It's actually more brutalAnyway, it was a movie that made me think about the refugee problem that I thought was a different world thing. I think it'll be one of the best movies in my life
10,It's a heartbreaking movie of a boy's constant shouting in hell. Beyond touching, it also changed the way I saw Syrian refugees that I vaguely felt.
10,There are so few theaters, so I went far and watched it. I'm really going to watch it again ㅠㅠ Even if it's far away
10,The child's eyes that gave up on everything were not due to perfect directing.
10,It's an unforgettable masterpiece of my life.It reminds me of North Korean defectors who risk their lives to cross the Yalu River.It breaks my heart that this movie is a reality not far from usㅜ
10,An intolerable sense of helplessness, after rising anger. I am ashamed of the tears I shed. Because my tears will never be your tears. A movie that deeply felt the sadness of the world. And a resolution.
10,It wasn't a new school. It was fun because the boy had the power to live.
10,Just watch it. Just watch it
10,People who are doing something wrong to their children should see it. They don't know
9,It's a heartbreaking movie about children who are struggling with various social and international structural problems. The main character is really good at acting.
8,It's kind of... kind of... kind of... To the incompetent adults who say they can't help but pass on the pain because it hurts. It's a movie that tells you to be more responsible. It's a good movie. I can't say anymore because I'm afraid it'll be a spoiler Anyway, I recommend it!
10,It's, uh, no need for words. I think it will be the best movie of the year.
10,The best movie I've seen in the last two years!
10,It breaks my heart. I recommend the best movie ever crying
10,I saw the movie in January, but I think it will be the best movie of the year.
10,Hope for every child
10,A movie that elicits empathy, not sympathy.
10,I recommend it so that you can watch it. Who knows the pain of these children. What can we do?
10,I cried for a long timeI can't believe I made a movie like this
10,A movie that we really need right now
10,It gives you feelings that you can't express. It's not forced.
10,I want you to be happy. The step out of the movie theater was too heavy.
10,A boy who wanted to be a good person and a mother who visits her grown-up son by buying "candy" as if she believes he has a childhood innocence. I'm still in the street. Hesitating whether to buy tomato juice or not.
5,After all, what I was trying to say wasn't clear. The movie that was sad to end
10,It was a movie that I could look back on
8,The only door to escape poverty, refugees...I hate the saying that even the nation cannot save poverty
10,A movie that can't laugh, I can't get rid of the lingering feeling.How dare I evaluate a movie like this?
10,Directed the opposite of the Korean New Wave
10,It was more heartbreaking that it wasn't fiction
10,I'm rooting for Gavanaughing!
10,a poignant reality
9,It's not fiction, but it's actually happening in the Middle East, so it's even more heartbreaking. It's touching to see the mature character who doesn't fit his age
10,It's all my first time acting, but it was a huge movie with no comparison to that depth. A movie that will go beyond empathy and be deeply imprinted in your heart. I think it's the best movie of the year
9,Zain, Rahill's acting is the best. I hope many people can see it in many theaters.
10,Don't cry, Zain... It's the adults' fault.Your courageous movements will change even more, and tears will pierce my heart ㅠㅠ
10,My tears dry up because I'm sad
10,Make sure you watch it. There's no point in saying it. Watch and feel it
8,After watching this movie, I felt that I should be grateful for the present reality.
9,I hope that the world will not be a piece of paper, but a world where children and adults can live
7,Ethically correct, aesthetically correct, politically correct.
8,The poignant directing, actors' acting, and storytelling are all excellent. Except that this isn't Beirut and you don't fully sympathize.
10,I enjoyed playing the game. From small-scale problems such as child abuse and early marriage to refugee problems, they throw a lot of things to think about. I can't believe the actors were refugees. I felt like I was beaten up while watching the ending credits.
10,The movie that made me feel many things ㅜㅜ Jonas acting prodigy...
10,Arab movies are good. I can see the truth about life
8,I felt like I was chewing raw meat.
10,The stories around us that are close and far away
10,I wanted to be respected and loved.ㅠㅠㅠㅠ A must-see movie...
10,May every man on this earth live with the rights they have
10,It was a heartbreaking and warm movie.
10,It was a movie that made me think about refugees.
10,Realistic and resonant!
10,I hope more people will watch this movie. It makes us think where our lives are. Through this movie.
10,Maybe it's because the boy's acting is his own life, but it's very realMy heart is choked upCan't we solve the ultimate poverty?
8,....,,,,..Thank you. Thank you
10,My face is red. I'm trying not to cry
9,It makes me think a lot. After watching this movie, I cry because I feel sorry for that reality, and I feel sorry for it with a few letters, so I wonder what is different from religious people who were comforting with songs in prison. Maybe I'll send you a few bucks and comfort you. It's really hard
10,The main character's acting is really good and it's a very moving and sad movie
10,It's a must-see masterpiece for teenagers
10,Decadence is given to those who do not properly fulfill the miracle of family.
7,Maybe it was because I was looking forward to it too much, but I felt like it was developing a little suddenly at the end. Perhaps because the hardships of Zain and Yonatsu were too long, there were some parts where I said, "Huh?" when the breathing, which was a little bit slow, suddenly accelerated. The part where religious groups came and danced in the second half was also a little embarrassing.
10,It was so heartbreaking. Her smile was so pretty.
10,A movie where a lot of thoughts and feelings are made
10,I'm surprised that Idlecasting is real
10,How can I explain this? It's not an easy story
10,No matter how hard I try to understand my parents, the boy's trampled and torn eyes are so clearly vain... Angry and upset
10,Movie of the Year 2019 1/27
8,My heart was filled with tears beyond words.
10,I cried my eyes out in the last scene. There's no forced tear-jerking scene. It's more emotional than any other movie. A film that could not be produced from any white compassionate perspective.
10,Nevertheless, I cried with my heart when I heard that I wanted to be a good person.
9,Even in a reality worse than the gutter, the boy's strong mind will never be broken. At least I believe so.
10,I haven't seen the movie yet, but I'm sure there are many children in the world who are experiencing child abuse. Many people will have to care for children like him with love.I hope there will be many movies like this in the future.
9,The reality of documentary films may have been better expressed because they played the refugees' own lives as they were, not existing actors. We must try and help and do away with people dying of war and poverty on the planet.
9,Gavanaugh: Old Palestinian City
10,The lives of children born with endless suffering and unhappiness because of ignorant and cruel adults were heartbreaking.
10,The whole time I watched it, it was black and stuffy, but I burst into tears at the ending Zain's smile, so no one could stand up after the movie.I cried for 15 minutes and came out
10,A child's life is so tiring. Can we say that we are having a hard time in front of this tiring life?
9,Please, if it's bad, just have sex and don't let go of the kid, what the hell is this?
10,Touching, touching and touching.The child has the right to be like a child and the child has the right to be loved, but it was touching when the child who did not receive it took care of another baby with sincerity. I looked back on whether I was giving enough love as a true mother after seeing Zain.
10,We all lie. I wish I had a lot of money. A film that just pretends to be meaningful to be okay.
10,It was such a heartbreaking movie. I'm happy that the actors are living a happy life
10,I thought I didn't deserve to cry
10,Looking back on my life so far, I was afraid of what kind of parents I would be, and I thought about what kind of mother I would be·
10,A movie full of tears
10,You have to see it, but it's hard to see it
10,It's sad, it's dangerous.영원히 I want to support you forever
8,It's worth watching. There's a lot of pain in the international community, and it's a movie that gives me an opportunity to think about how I can help
10,Don't think about it and watch it!
10,I'm feeling overwhelmed.
10,The movie that made me look back on my mother
9,Movie that resembles a documentary, moving documentary
10,Watching this movie is taking hundreds of hammering out of your chest. And it's bruised that it's real.
10,Teaching a street cast member to act in such a short time?It must have been hard to teach, but you're a genius.The eyes were so deep, so cruel, so sad.It's so sad that my heart is going to explode the whole time I see it, and it's even more amazing that it's actually happening right now, and I've been crying so many times!The best movie ever!
10,Personally, I think the Korean movie industry should be sentenced to 20 episodes of "Gavanaugh"
10,It was a really touching movie
10,The movie is so mean. You're so mean. It's amazing. The highest level. The level that the director pursues and dreams of
9,A movie that makes you feel relieved, knowing that you shouldn't define your happiness through comparison with others
10,I saw the best that I could show in a movie
8,It was a perfect movie until the end
10,Please give me a lot of movie theaters like this. It's a masterpiece that I think will come back in my life
10,A life that doesn't even comfort you with anything. For her, it's just the brothers she loves. I think there's a life where even the expression "unhappiness" is luxurious.I'm so sorry to call it compassion.What's wrong with these kids?Your smile is so pretty
10,The eyes of truth are different from the eyes of idols
10,It's a story that can happen to us
10,The movie we should pay attention to!
10,It was heartbreaking to see Zain doing his best to Jonas because he seemed to be the best he wanted someone to do to him. The tears on the bus coming back from Jain's sending Jonas, and the tears on the way back after losing her sister, were like tears on herself.
10,I want to cover my child's dirty face
10,I couldn't easily skip a single scene.
10,I think this is how movies should be made
8,The despair of the main character makes us think about the meaning of the film title 'Gavanaugh' which makes the audience feel sad.
10,I can't call it acting, but it's a realistic casting
10,It's a really good movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,A great movie, a great actor
10,It was so sad to see you at a young age of 12 with no smile and no worries
10,I got the impression that it was a representation of the slum reality. It's hard to express it as it is. I've seen the pain of plain people and poverty
9,A movie that makes you think about how to live
10,How should parents feel about their children?
10,I couldn't stop crying after the last child laughed.
10,I don't need a lot of movie talk
10,It's the best movie of the year.This is what it's like to do good things with good talent.
10,It's sad. I'm touched by his acting. I'm touched by the casting story.
10,I think you have to watch it
10,What life is. How to live.I think the child expressed the harsh reality well.
10,Who drove the children to the streets? Does human dignity disappear in the face of poverty?
10,It was a lot of fun~~
10,I'm touched. I recommend it
10,I regret not being warm to people who are more difficult than me crying
10,Awesome, awesome, that was awesome
10,The last scene... I couldn't keep an eye on him.Oh, my.
10,Whether you're human or not, let's see all the people on Earth who are called humans and weep together
9,A child's anger is directed at his parents and neighbors, all of us, who promote an irresponsible world. If all the aspirations for a happy life are equal, we should be able to give ourselves any answer. It would be an answer that can only be done by practice.
10,An unforgettable and unforgettable movie
10,It hurts more because it's so realistic
9,The twist in the caption right before the great movie ending credit... Spacing out!
10,The boy's deep eyes are impressive. How hard it must have been to taste the joys, sorrows, and sorrows of life in such a short time.
10,I can't get rid of her smile. I hope you'll be happy in the future.
10,It was good. It was good.Gavanaugh
9,It's so touching to see one side of the world we live in
8,I drew a lot of things realistically I can feel the reality
10,It was too absurd and sad for a child to go through, but it is a movie that makes us not let go of hope. The main character's great acting leaves a lot of memories.
10,It's the first time that I haven't been able to stand up until the end of the movie. I was so relieved to confirm that the main characters were closely related to the story and were helped by the organization. Make sure you watch it
10,A child's cry for irresponsible adults! The best movie ever!
9,"I wanted to be a good adult when I grew up."
10,It's a movie that makes you think againThe movie was really good
10,I cried and cried the whole time.
10,I'm sad, I'm sad ㅠㅠㅠㅠ으
10,The tears in the scene where he was moving crying to hand over Jonas...
10,I fell in love with the poster's eyes. I cried a lot because it was a reality somewhere, and I thought I should be interested in this in the future. If I have time, I'll go see it again.
10,I hope more people watch it Heartbreaking movie to watch all the time.
10,Why does my head hurt and I can't breathe? I can't leave after the movie
10,No one should be born a curse. It should not be a job where no one lives.
10,Such a good movie. The ending is perfect and the actors are good.
10,There is no need for words. Everyone in the audience is crying. A painful but precious movie. Everyone should see. Really.
8,I was surprised that it was a true story material, and I was surprised that most of the characters showed their lives to the camera.The sad thing was that the children in the movie are now living well, but the other children may still be living the same way.
10,I hope this kind of movie will be shown in many theaters.I watched it in Juan Movie Space, but it's a shame that there aren't many places that show such good movies. I made a reservation online, but it's a shame that the seats are random
8,Sad. Sad. The reality is sad
10,The last smile was so pretty that I couldn't get up
10,It is a duty to live on Earth with other people and to know their suffering. So I want everyone to watch this movie, but at least people who don't know they're blessed should watch it.
10,He is a born actor The last cut is really unforgettable
10,It's really good. This is what movies are like
10,I realized for the first time that a movie could resonate this much
10,I think this is what a movie is like.
10,I can't get the last smile out of my head.
10,A must-see movie. But there's hope.
10,The tears that I held back in the last ending scene ㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's a movie that lingers for a long time. I want to see more theaters!
10,It's a masterpiece that digs into people's hearts throughout the 126 minute running time.
9,I just want to give up everything and help
10,I ran right away on the opening day.It is a movie that I want to watch again with my acquaintances.I wish it would be a little longer.
10,I watched it while thinking about whether to go or not. If I didn't watch it, I would have regretted it It was a good movie
1,Like fabricated? Did I get fooled by the ratings again? Never watch low-budget independent films or documentary films.  It doesn't suit me 100%. Hardly restored movie taste can drop.
10,It was very moving.
10,The children's acting is touching.It reminds me of Jonas.I applaud the director.
10,I can't get up when the ending credit goes up. A movie that has a lot of lingering emotions and makes you think a lot
9,the writings of critics on the bulletin board right next door It's not a wordplay, and did they write it knowing what their own posts mean?
10,The whole time I watched it, it was a bit dreary, but it made me smile in the last scene.  Top.
10,At the last ending, Jain smiled brightly, and tears burst out suddenly. The way he took off his luggage and smiled as if the dirt had disappeared, that he was a child. It was so paradoxically sad
10,Make sure to watch the movie It touched my heart throughout the movie
10,I have to watch it.The world created by adults...
10,Definitely the movie of the year!
10,At the end, the kid smiled and it was so sad
10,Jahan and Jonas, who got emotional while watching it
10,She's such a bright, bright smiley kid.
10,Every look in his eyes is lodged in his heart. I simply thought the child's acting was crazy. I wonder how many lives that child has lived. However, it is heartbreaking to think that it is an experience, not an act. Pray for your future.
10,I wanted to be a good person
10,A film that makes you think about the role of parents. It was a touching movie that shows the weight of life through the eyes of a child.
10,A heartbreaking story, a story of people who have to live like trash and ghosts because they are not citizens. It reminds me that there are people like this next to us
10,Iron Man, no Batmobile, no vibranium, a small but great young hero, Zain
10,At the end, I burst into tears because of the smile I had shown
10,It's a great movie. I cried a lot in the last scene of Jonas's hat.
10,It's the best. It's been a while since I saw a movie like a real movie.
10,I cried a lotcrying
10,The last time I saw him smile, I felt a bit at ease
10,This kind of movie is not a waste of money and time. I want to express my gratitude to both the director and the actors.
10,It's a movie that touches my heart
10,Does God even exist?     The smile of Jain brings me to tears.
8,The one who understands the essence in the harsh reality is older than me Your parents' excuses are like our old excuses
10,I was surprised that the way I directed it was a little dizzy, but I didn't get permission for the live itself, so I did it secretly like a guerrilla shoot.Even though Korea is a truce country, there are few children who can't register their birth because they are peaceful.What he said was so sad and upsetting.꼭Make sure to watch it
10,A Study on the Present Situation of Real Dog Pigs' Life to Human Pigs Who Pout Because They Are Hungry
10,Touching... It makes me think a lot.
7,I sue God.
10,It's not an ordinary slum storyThe movie that cost more than the price of gas in Busan last year
7,The message is good, but honestly, I dozed off in between.It may be because I have a poor eye, but I don't know how to appeal to the other public if I make the audience as sleepy as I, who belongs to the audience who sometimes look for art films, feel sleepy.
10,잘 됐네. 여러분 꼭 보세요(10/10)
10,It's making me feel sad crying
9,A child's accusation of thinking where it went wrong. "Don't let your parents have any more babies."
10,Heartbreaking reality...It's touching.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot Make sure you watch it. You won't regret it
10,I watched it because of my friend's recommendation, and it was so good that I didn't regret it! I can't wait to watch it again!
10,100 out of 10! Please let everyone see Gavanaugh
10,This movie will definitely lose N.
10,I know it's hard for you, but why don't you take responsibility for the lives of children left to satisfy your desires? It's really 12 years old, but the boy looked like a hero. A true hero! Zain!
10,Are you Christian missionaries? The scene where the refugee camp comforted me with a song...At first, it was ridiculous and it was cursing, but then I thought it was the director's intention to pin us all down All of us end up with cheap sympathy with no serious concerns and no real help.
10,It's so painful and hard, but it's so good and a must-see movie. I felt sorry and ashamed because I turned away and avoided it because I was tired and hated it.
10,I wondered why he was so good at acting, but he was just expressing his daily life
10,It's a touching movie where you can even hold back your tears
10,No child is born wanting to be born. All children are the parents' greed
9,Beirut and Gavanaugh
10,I felt uncomfortable while watching it, but I watched it while cheering. I was surprised by his acting, which is not an existing actor. Make sure to watch "Gavanaugh"ㅠㅠ This is the movie of the year
10,A life movie that I will never forget for a long, long time!
10,It's still January, but I've already found this year's movie. I should go film the Nth car
10,An ending in a movie that's not happy, an ending in a happy reality! The director's ability to change the world!
10,It's a great movie. I couldn't get up from my seat even after the movie. At the end, I cried when Jain smiled.
10,The child actor's performance was different. Although the Florida project, which left a deep impression, Room's child acting remains in memory until recently, Gavanaugh's child acting was slightly awkward but deeply resonating. I learned the reason at the ending. I hope you always smile like it's your last.
10,Reality is more heartbreaking.
10,A movie that allowed me to reflect on my relative happiness and be satisfied with what I have. I was so sorry the whole time.
10,It's a hell of a realistic, sad movie that's still going on somewhere
10,I really wanted everyone to see it. I've watched it several times from the film festival to the exhibition, but the more I see it, the more I think about it. I really support all the people in the world
10,The reason why I can't help but cry at the last smile is because I regret my life in Hell Joseon
10,A surprising interpretation by critic Jung Sung-il.  A good movie was made ten times more touching again.
9,A story about a ray of hope illuminating the dark and deep despair. It is heart-warming to see the biggest victims of bad habits and socially entrenched evil deeds rather reject the bad habits and seek true humanity. The ending will be stuck in my memory until the end of the year.
10,A movie that makes me want to send hellish people to Lebanon all the time.A 21st century masterpiece reminiscent of Italian neo-realism.
10,the expression of one's own toward the world
10,I wish you happiness like a child now
10,If a well-made movie is like this, parents and refugees
10,I couldn't stop the tears from flowing throughout, and the last smile left a deep lingering impression. I hope it's not real, but it's real...
10,I feel weird. It's hard to say in one word
10,This is a movie. I hope the day will come when all the people on earth will be happy
8,His smile was like sunshine
10,This is not poverty porn. Adults should let children know. There's a god.Whether it's absolute poverty or relative poverty.
8,The acting of the main character in the movie is very natural.The desperate situation of refugees is naturally being staged
10,A movie that can never leave even after the movie is over. I can't forget your smile and eyes. A movie that's heavy and intense. Please be happy, Zain!
10,It feels like I'm eating 100 sweet potatoes without water. What should I do with this gloomy feeling?
8,There's no document to prove human. There should be none.
9,The power of the film to keep you warm beyond the screen
10,I hope you all watch it once in a while.
9,10 is like a part-time job, so I have 9 left. I think it's an independent movie, so there aren't many theaters. I watched a good movie after a long time. I highly praise it There are a lot of lines that I can relate to I recommend a good movie
10,I'm suffocating the whole time. I have nothing to say Make sure you watch it
10,It still lingers. Zain laughed and I cried
10,The ending scene... I cried so much I strongly recommend it
10,It is angering to portray irresponsible and debauched adults with children's eyes. a film that is really needed in this age to raise awareness of social issues
10,a self-evident document that proved itself in the eyes of the world
10,The whimpering in the theater...
10,Take the tissue. You need it at some time
10,I'm so proud of her. She's so handsome.
10,A movie that can't happen right after it's over. It's a movie where you put your hands together and cry inside
10,Anger from the boy's parents / Responsibility in the boy's actions / Guilty in the boy's eyes / Endless tears in the boy's monologue / A movie that saw hope in the last boy's smile. I hope the number of theaters will increase so that many people can watch it
9,It's so nice... I almost cried
10,I feel like this year's first movie will be my life moviecrying
10,I understand why everyone is telling me to watch "Gavernaum." Make sure to watch it Watch it twice
10,So that children and children who want to grow up to be loved and respected can be realized in reality...! It's even more heartbreaking because it's the story of those who are living really hard lives. Let's hope everyone can see it! I recommend the best movie of my life movies.
10,Tears fall down without realizing it ㅜㅜ
10,This movie is already the best movie of the year that you can see from the perspective of a child who has not been an actor, but has not been trained, who has actually lived his life
10,It's a time when the reality that's more than a breathtaking movie is revealed from the child
10,By far the best movie of the year. I can't get rid of my lingering feelings. And Jonas is so cute. Crazy
10,You're much better than a living adult. At the end, tears poured down on my smile.
10,It is a must-see movie for many adults who are worse than children and those who mention Hell Joseon. I hope many people can feel how grateful this movie is for the ordinary life we enjoy.
10,A movie to think about refugees again
9,Gavanaugh, where no one has been saved.It hurts like stabbing the heart with a knife at the last self's laugh.
10,The shadow of reality is bigger than the movie, what it's like to live in it.I didn't dare to cry because I didn't know.  At the end, the child's smiling face was shown long, and it was so heartbreaking. I hope this movie will make one more child smile like that
10,Make sure you watch it. ㅠㅠ The last child's cry is so sad.
10,The story of children who want to be loved and respected. It's hard to explain in writing. When I see it, I feel empty in my heart.I recommend it!
9,Poverty is not a bad thing because you can't have a nice car, fancy apartment. Poverty is bad because it deprives it of its potential and dignity throughout human life.
10,I wanted to clap too, but afterwards, it was so quiet that I just came out...
10,But there's still hope...
10,The victim becomes the perpetrator and cries out for victimhood. The young person suffering from it
10,Please take a look at it. It is a movie that deserves a standing ovation. I cried a lot.
10,I think there will be many parents who will be accused in this land.heartbreaking
10,I watched Han Jimin's recommendation video and watched it on the opening day. I'm glad I watched it It's a movie that deserves a 15-minute standing ovation in Cannes
10,I want to make a movie like this
9,A boy's cry for adults who only give birth and don't raise them
8,It hurts my heart. It hurts even more because this reality still exists
10,It is heartbreaking that the life of a boy who desperately maintains his life in the pain created by adults is the real life of countless children in reality. I hope that the movie's intention will be realized so that children can realize their dreams on their own and that their pain will no longer be repeated.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that made me sad Jain, cheer up!
10,How good are you at acting? I don't watch movies more than twice, but I want to watch it again
10,It's a masterpiece that shows everything that's not captured on camera
10,The movie that really lingers in my heart after watching it... I can't stop thinking about it.
10,I can't compare with the forced touching of the new school
10,I cried and laughed at every expression of the child, so I devoted my whole heart to the child for two hours
10,"My mom's words poke my heart like a knife."
9,A boy's cry for adults who only give birth and don't raise them
8,It hurts my heart. It hurts even more because this reality still exists
10,It is heartbreaking that the life of a boy who desperately maintains his life in the pain created by adults is the real life of countless children in reality. I hope that the movie's intention will be realized so that children can realize their dreams on their own and that their pain will no longer be repeated.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that made me sad Jain, cheer up!
10,How good are you at acting? I don't watch movies more than twice, but I want to watch it again
10,It's a masterpiece that shows everything that's not captured on camera
10,The movie that really lingers in my heart after watching it... I can't stop thinking about it.
10,I can't compare with the forced touching of the new school
10,I cried and laughed at every expression of the child, so I devoted my whole heart to the child for two hours
10,"My mom's words poke my heart like a knife."
