번 더 스테이지: 더 무비
1,균형잡기
1,The narration is so cheesy.
1,Why would I see this?
1,I'll give you 1 point. Don't complain
1,movie, film,  picture, feature
1,BTS is equivalent to or above Son Heung-min, Faker, and Bong Joon-ho.It's stuck and fell down. There's a world of difference between talent effort and luck
1,
1,I'm not sure if this is a movie that can be a masterpiece. It's an insult as a movie lover. I want you to delete it from the list.
1,....It's Muggle, but I don't think this movie is right
1,Why make this movie?
1,It's a boredom that I couldn't endure with my fan's heart. I like documentaries. The same goes for the far-fetched part.
1,....Honestly, it's not funny.
1,The ratings... Are they for real? Ppasoon!
1,Czech Republic Coach Air Association
1,I hope my grade will be submitted as evidence during the military service trial^^
1,Make a separate category for this.  I thought it was a rated movie. Annoying
1,Riker;European;Nunileian forensics.
5,The expression of desert and sea is not touching at all, and I can't hear Korean well, so I have to listen to it again a few times. Maybe because I'm not a fan of BTS, it's not fun overall ㅜㅜ I enjoyed Michael Jackson's This It... Only the fans will like it. ^^
1,This movie is just right for the low-level fans, not more than that
1,물론... 분명히...최악의, 무의미한...
1,I can't overcome boredom with my fan heart ㅜㅜ
2,It's a big movie and a documentary. If you put in documentaries and watched the performance on the screen.
1,Yes, okay. I'm against it
6,Cleverly targeting fans' hearts of fans.
1,Just study and do the housework
1,It's boring. It's like watching a documentary
1,I'm guessing the scientific research is hot.
1,Oh...LOL
1,I can't help but make a movie out of this. I'm still behind in my movie release. What are you doing?
1,I like Big Bang more
1,My sister is chasing me to see this
1,Why do you make things related to BTS? It's not a joke. Watch Bohemian Rhapsody when you watch this
1,How unfair would it be if a movie that doesn't even look like a movie like this didn't make a real hit or a real "movie"?
1,It's so boring. I don't think it's funny, but it's boring
1,Please, let's watch a movie.Please, give me a movie.
1,NAVER movie ranking is messed up.
1,Anyways, Korean fans. Do you want to put this thing on the movie rating list? Shame on you.
1,12489899778124
1,Hmm, I followed my friend and watched it.
1,Anyway, when you look at this as a movie, this rating doesn't make sense...
1,I love you
1,It's not fun at all right. Don't look
1,It's not as fun as I thought. I'm looking forward to it
1,Don't ever release a trash movie again
1,You're giving me 10 points for this?LOL
1,I slept for the first time while watching a movie. No fun
1,It's just YouTube.overflow
6,The editing is a shame. It's unclear who the video is for. It feels like only a small B cut was cut to fit in with the YouTube red video. The natural flow would have been better even if it partially overlapped.
1,Look at the tears in the South Pole
1,.. It was boring...
6,BTS scored 10 points. Movies are a bit disappointing.
1,I tried to watch some art movies by grade, but this interferes with me
4,It's a video that I brought from YouTube, but it feels like I'm watching YouTube.It's too bad.
1,I can't believe there are ridiculous authors who compare this to Bohemian Rhapsody. I'm sorry for Freddie Mercury. Bangtan is not the problem, stop being presumptuous by the agency. The girls are trying to make money, so they're criticizing BTS for nothing.
1,My window is bulletproof glass
1,It's my window bulletproof glass
1,It's really great. It's the best
1,Please get out of the movie rankings.
1,Too bad there's no zero.
1,Regardless of whether you like BTS or not, the problem is that this movie got the highest score ever
1,That's boring... This is a movie? A shocking harmony
3,Didn't you edit it on YouTube?  Why didn't you make it well... There's a bts name value, too
6,Is this the only good material for ARMY to trust and screen? I felt a lot of disappointment and I could only feel it as a simple tour video of the tour. It's like there's no story or plan.
5,BTS is better. Empathy vs Wanna One is better. Sadness
1,Why is this in the movie?
1,To be honest, it's not a movie quality -- I'd rather watch it at home than pay for it and watch it on GAMST videos or YouTube
1,BTS I look like Jimin
1,I'm a fan, but I'm so bad that I don't watch movies for free of charge. It's more fun to watch YouTube. I recommend you never watch it. You can't call it a movie. I was angry. I came out in the middle. I went to listen to music and it was a disaster
2,Why are you watching this? You're so silly. Buy another meal with that money. It's so pathetic. Why are you making a movie that's not like a movie? It's nice to watch this again. Study hard ㅜㅜ
1,How can you make this into a movie?a money-making film
1,There are people who sit down after saying this is a movie, and then go to see this.
5,As a debut fan, I went to see it with loyalty. But in the beginning, the camera angle was very shaky. a shoddy editing point The composition of the scene, which I didn't know where the focus was, was disappointing. If you want to see the members, I'll recommend it. If you want to see BTS from beginning to end, no
5,It is too bad that I highlighted that I have no time to spare to the extent that I can't enjoy my personal leisure life even though I succeeded, not from the process of forming BTS to the difficult times and the current success.
1,You don't even know what song it is and it's just loud? I don't understand why it's on air.
5,I didn't write it down to curse, but there are two movies about the singer itself with Bohemian Rhapsody at the same time, so I'm comparing them without realizing it. I know BTS is an amazing group and they are great singers, but that's why Queen looks bigger.
1,To save the movie ecosystem...
1,I'm ARMY too, but this isn't right
1,Phew... I don't see the answer.Watch it on YouTube.Childish kids.
1,I saw it yesterday.It's not like it's going to be documentary on TV. Haha
1,This is how I want to give 11 points
1,Ratings for rating adjustment.
1,I can't believe you made this into a movie
4,I was surprised by ARMY's behavior in the movie theater. If one scene comes out, I'm sad that there's no focusThe movie is about satisfied ARMY fans who brought ARMY Bomb...
1,Is it far from making a movie?  K-pop is amazing. Is it too much? Everyone worked hard to develop K-pop, but it's not even a movie, right?  I thought it would be special, but it wouldn't make any difference
1,It's so touching.I hope to see up to 10 episodes
1,BTS has good firepower
1,The high Internet rating is attributed to BTS' fan sentiment. I thought I was going to die because I had to make a documentary that fits my BTS image. I can hardly hear music on the music documentary, so it's not easy for a man to watch this at 48 years old
5,A movie that only BTS fans can watch until the end!
1,Am I not funny? !, ,
1,Only true ARMY can relate to this
5,I just watched it, and they're singers who can even make movies? It's not the Beatles
1,I love you, EXO! We are one!
1,After watching this movie, I had this thought This is the limit of Korean movies. I don't have a movie to make anymore, so I made idol into a movie, raised the rating, and I heard that there is no work, and TWICE movies will come out later. Will my movie not come out? Will you make a movie for EXO?
1,A documentary introducing the world tour's squeezing machine.Narration is totally sloppy.The sound is totally sloppy.No story, no video at all.If it's to see BTS' faces, I recommend you to watch BTS' music video one more time.There's no stage performance here.Please decide if you're ARMY and watch it.
4,A movie that I wouldn't watch except for ARMY. The camera was shaking and everything looked the same
1,It's a waste of 1 point. Please think about it when you make this
6,I'm a fan, but the video seems to have been edited roughly. When Muggle sees it, he should see a big flow, but not really. What I felt after seeing it all is that's what I felt after seeing it all
1,He's so gentle. Woo-hoo! ㅠㅠ
1,One-line analysis: The movie's favorite group is teenage girls.
2,Compared to BTS members' charm and passion, Big Hit needs more effort. I can't hear the members' voices because they're too muted. I can only hear the narration with the narration will be bluffing.Big Hit! ARMY is on the side of the members, not Big Hit's pushover. Please make 2018 with sincerity Please~
2,"Fan ID," but seriously, a movie for ARMY... There are a lot of elementary students. Don't think about the concert. I wanted to give off a concert vibe, but they didn't even show me the performance. Most of the videos are on YouTube. Only the BTS interview at the end was touching.
6,No 2 or 3 choices
1,I don't like how the Bboongtan movie has the highest rating
6,Personally, it was a sad movie even if I was a fan.It felt like a limited video. I hope you can perform 3-4 songs next time so that you can feel vicarious satisfactionT
1,Idol documentaries can't get this high...Then what do masterpieces become? I'm going to cut it
1,If you're not a fan, you might lose interest. Why do you have a lot of sympathy for that? Of course, if you're not a fan, your interest might fall. There are a lot of non-concepts. I'm not a fan, but it was okay
1,Please be quiet when you see me At the movie theater;;
4,YouTube Bundestage is better, but not much different The details are YouTube version
1,Phew... Let's just worry about our lives.
1,I don't know if you're a fan, but I can't watch it with money
1,Why are you watching this? Only stupid ARMYs will see it
1,It's so boring that I want to give you 0.1 point
2,"Dessert my fan..."
1,Get out of here, crazy pasoon
1,Yes, YeoHae. Yes, plagiarism. That singer and that fan
1,Ppa-soon-ppa-soon-ppa-soo-soon. Let's go for 1 point
1,Why do you rate this? Ppasoon!
1,Is there any movie to make?
2,Hey, don't say that you look like a mudskipper, you can't sing, you're ugly, and you have a long face. Do you work harder than BTS?
4,I think it would have been okay to watch it on TV at home.That's a bummer. There's a lot of distracting feelings.
1,I don't know why it was released as a movie
1,(Singing "Lori", "Mogo-Got-Momo-Manon")
1,I don't think 1st place is the best...
1,I'm not curious><
2,Don't watch it. You'll regret it
1,It's a documentary only for BTS members. Not funny
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
2,I like BTS, but the movie has no disappointment, no stage, no music, no BTS
3,I wanted to see their music and outlook on life from a perspective that is not on BTS' side, but their music is not coming out properly. There are many attractive elements, but none of them are shown properlybe tired in a word
4,I guess he made a documentary movie with the thought that it doesn't have to be fun. I waited until the end, but the music didn't come out properly and ended.
1,I fell asleep while watching it ㅠㅠㅠ
1,If you're not a fan, you might lose interest.
6,I was looking forward to the performance, but I was disappointed because only the beginning and the end of the performance were shown. And it's so short
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,I'm sorry I couldn't give you a zero point.
4,Hmm... It's just... It's not a movie that's going to get this much evaluation
2,It's a brainwashing religion.Seriously
1,The movie's favorite group is teenage girls.
1,Please don't adjust the score. I'll give you 1 point
2,That's a bad idea. It's all over the place
6,I went there with my daughter and I wanted to feel the performance indirectly, but it was a bit disappointing. She said she was a big fan, so it was really good. I was disappointed that Jimin had too little footage and it was very different from what I expected
1,NAVER rating system is ruined
1,Is this a movie?
1,You got a higher rating than Bohemian?
1,I understand that you give 10 points to fans, but let's give the movie a rating of perfection. How can this beat BoRap, Shawshank Escape, etc. and rank 1st on Naver's movie rating?
1,What is this? I'm not kidding
4,To be honest, it's like a gift for ARMY. It's just a narration and composition that'll come out in the human theater on weekend TV. I wonder if he had to make his fans pay 10,000 won per person to watch this. The whole time, the behind-the-scenes stories... It's not about planning. It's about...
4,I was a fan, so I was willing to spend it, but I honestly didn't expect a flat composition as if I was watching an hour and a half speech. The original version of YouTube is much more touching than the movie version. At least the original version was titled Bundestage, literally a documentary.
1,83 people's touching stories...
2,Locusts are also in season.With that in mind, a movie only for profit...It will remain as the biggest stain on BTS.
1,Yes, a clearer underwear line than the smoky eye line
1,You guys are so cute
1,I'm disappointed. I'll show you the whole song at least one performance. He didn't look serious backstage either.
1,It's so much fun  I don't have 1 point, so I can hear 1 point.
6,It's more like a fan video than a documentary because it's arranged in a rambling way to prepare for a concert, play with members, narration, and interviews.At the end, I put in the BTS Night video, and it felt like I was watching YouTube, so I thought I should take out the logo.Personally, I was very disappointed.
4,What a waste of money! ㅠㅠ What message do you want to send?
6,The movie's content is good, but don't drag yourself out in the cinema--I can't concentrate
4,Am I the only one dizzy? I came out in the middle because I thought I was going to throw upBlaming me for being weak...
1,It's a movie for the fans
1,Yut-pu-yul-ho-ho-ho-ㅓ
1,See you at the live concert
2,Look at the cancer terrorists with 10 stars
2,Too bad Muggles can't see it
1,All of a sudden, BTS movie
1,I was expecting a lot because I'm a fan of BTS, but I'm disappointed. I'm worse than YouTube. It should have shown several performances and included the hardships of success. The interview was so boring. The level of supervision is questionable. I'm afraid this movie will undermine the popularity of BTS all over the world
1,Let's adjust the rating, bba-soon
3,It's my honest evaluation. I don't think this is the number one rating for all movies.
1,It's hard to watch unless you're a fan.
1,What is this? This mixed video... The regression of culture is deplorable.ㅉㅉㅉ
6,BTSIt is already well known how great the fruits of this achievement are. It is a pity that the process of achieving the fruits and what message BTS delivered to ARMY around the world could have been much better expressed in the process.
2,I don't know why they made it into a movie.It's not like the full song is coming out, but it's like I'm squeezing out the emotions I just liked the behind-the-scene episode on YouTube. I'm worried about the fatigue of being tired.How should I say it? I don't want to end with ARMY's "I love you."
1,Only the fans can watch it until the end.
2,There's nothing about it.I was looking forward to it.It came out in the middle.Disappointed...
2,ARMY, you'really... I'll be as different as a dog if I leave an honest review, right?
1,She flipped it for an hour and a half, and I wondered why she had to watch it with all three beats of soul, beat, and rhythm  Do you really want to do this? I'm crying!
2,You're a YouTube creator. The director was so terrible. The editing could have been more fruitful, but it's a shame. It's not like a movie. Even if it was a documentary format, I expected the level of the music video, but there were many things that cut off in the middle, and overall, my directing skills were too low.
6,The editing isn't that great. It would have been better if the interviews were in between. There was a boring side to it because it was like a documentary. I didn't like it because it felt like a concert.
1,정말 짜증나!
1,A movie just for the fans... If you're not a fan, I don't recommend it
2,I'm so sleepy. 29~
1,I can hear ARMY cheering, but I can't hear the mother sigh
1,I'm trying to squeeze out all kinds of unfortunate stories
1,I didn't know what it was. What is this?
1,I didn't know what it was. What is this?
