벤허
6,I only remember the tram game
1,Judas is a psychopath who believes in a godless person, and a young Judas friend who worships the Roman emperor and power is rather normal
1,It's a waste of time to watch a movie. I fell asleep after 20 minutes
1,Just watch the Planet of the Apes twice rather than this.
1,Why wash this? It's a sloppy cliché and a crude movie composition
1,That's a great popcorn movie.
5,Benghur is getting too old. It would have been better to cast a younger actor. It was good that Jesus' voice and face did not appear. It's a church movie. The story is a Western version of Chunhyangjeon.
1,Altu's evil efforts are in full swing.
6,Because it shows the old movie again, the screen is not clear and the screen size is small, so it is an obstacle to immerse yourself in the movie
1,I just got back to my thick, thin hair diet.
1,I just got back to my thick, thin hair diet.
1,If I thought I was going to die of boredom, it's no fun hell
5,It was like watching the life story of the Jewish version of Lee Myung Bak.
1,It must have been a great movie at that time. I watched the recent remake first the day before yesterday, and then I watched this, and both of them are worth watching, but I realized once again that memories are always glorified. The remake is better than the original, but the remake is so undervalued.
5,The main character is a golden spoon from birth, but will he die for only 4 years?It's really unreasonable that it's all because of Jesus, and it's the worst that a disease can be cured. Then what didn't even fix my grandmother who died of cancer?OOO flag
6,a collection of capital and technology at the time From the obvious and typical heroism process to the late Samcheonpo, or religious praise.
5,It was okay until the tram scene, but the religious color is too strong. The way Christians behave these days is a little bit these days...It's a movie that you can give 10 points if you don't curse because you don't believe in your religion while saying to love your enemy, but these days, you can get 5 points off because of the sins of Christians.
2,I managed to see it, but I didn't understand what it was.
4,They say it's a masterpiece. It's not fun. I don't know why it's a masterpiece The story isn't very good, and there are no attractive elements It's not a masterpiece, it's like an ordinary 50's movie. I think there will be countless movies like this in the 50s
3,One of the overrated films. a classicizing work It is a brainwashing education movie that unconditionally likes the old one, and reading should be done horribly with a cross. Jesus Christ worshippers are less evolved monkeys.
6,The story and direction are quite good for that time, but the religious colors are subtly annoying. Especially, the last scene where Moon Dong disease is cured seems to have added fantasy elements to pursue a happy ending.
1,To be honest, do you think this movie will hit the jackpot?
6,Christian movie. Hallelujah ended. But the chariot scene was the best. I think it's better to see only church people.As a non-believer, I felt so repulsed.
6,I was so moved because I wanted to see the famous painting of my memories and I made up my mind that it was far from my house
5,I think action is great back then, but the story is very religiously biased
1,It's hard to see Jesus for four hours.
1,The story wasn't bad, but it's a movie with a long time, so I don't want to watch it twice.
6,It must have been hard to make such movies in those days
4,an overrated article Hollywood-like supply of explosives. It's oily and it feels like this way.
1,Ben Hur, the worst movie I've ever yawned more than 10 times throughout the whole time, but I don't understand why the rest of the audience is complimenting me for watching a good movie after I've been yawning all the way through the middle Are you being late? I thought I was going to die cringing for you to keep up with the right mood?
1,Shouldn't the ratings be registered by people who saw the number of years again?
1,I watched a movie 50 years ago because I had nothing to do for 4 hours. Who is sitting down to watch a movie for 4 hours now?Why is it being released in this era?Who's looking at this?
1,A boring church movie.Even Charlton Heston, who is ugly in his later years, hates it
1,It may have been a nine-point rating at the time of its release, but it is already hard to see, as it is in the movies of the 5th and 60s. Although it has established itself as a textbook for Roman history dramas, I felt like I was taking a boring class because I didn't feel the value of bad things. For now, 6 points are appropriate
5,Even though it is a classic movie, the long running time adds to the boredom due to the actors' acting being very awkward and ambiguous.
1,Jesus movie. Bubble rating is ridiculous
1,I think it's just a lucky human life story.I just made a mistake with one of my friends, and I'm a person who follows the sea wherever else I go.It is a movie that cannot be seen as a victory for a natural son of a rich family, a natural physical strength, and a natural chariot driving skill. Even in the real world, if you have that kind of ability, you can make a living for three years. Because of Jesus?
3,a masterpiece but only fiction It's a fantasy movie with a historical mask
1,A movie for boring Jesuits except for the carriage scene.
1,a trash movie
6,Fifty years later, it's still a great movie. However, it is hard to sympathize with the overall atmosphere of the movie.
1,It must be a masterpiece in every way, but it's actually too over-packaged...I'm going to lose some points.
1,That's not fun.
1,No movie history that only rabid Christians will like
3,a film of their own
4,a fine film
4,It's such a classic and I praised Jesus so much!
3,It's not a classic, it's just a movie of their own.
2,I hate Charlton Heston
3,a bitter admiration of overwhelming madness
6,No, it's been re-opened a couple of times
1,the religious consequences of OOO
6,Believe in Jesus. Blessed are you. There's nothing to talk about except the chariot race scene.
2,It took too long. 3 hours and 30 minutes. What?
6,1st place in video room rental movie. 210 minutes is awesome
1,Look at Christianity. The shooting technique is a masterpiece, but the story is -_-
5,It was boring. It's a good classic 60 years ago, but it's boring from today's perspective
5,----------- Yeah, it used to be a good movie, but not by current standards.
1,It's kind of boring.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
5,The chariot scene was the best... ...but it was such a boring movie.
6,It was a little fun to watch while holding back my sleep.
1,It's just a religious movie after all this money.
5,If you watch it now, it's not fun...
4,Old movies are not good for me. Boredom. Will I fall asleep? Should I not? A thrill, ^^
1,A movie I watch when I want to sleep.
6,It should have ended in the tram race scene. Disgraceful Christian enlightenment, so it's not good.
1,Overrated movie...7 points is just right.
1,Bright heart is the best
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,Ninomaximus skiser Soze Sonja Dorsparta jackspearo Garcia Optimus Megatron
1,The smell of Christianity...
1,They say it's a masterpiece, but it's too long and boring.
5,They say it's a masterpiece, but it's too long and boring.
6,The Christian content is
1,a third-rate trash movie
3,The last hour drove Ben-Hur into a masterpiece.
1,It seems to be the best movie for blind audiences who only value scale.
6,Even these days, the grand scale is amazing.
5,His life was saved... Magnificent, revenge, and mercy.
1,If you look at it right now, it's a trash movie
1,a last-minute ruined movie
1,It's getting boring
2,Memories of movies, but I was too young to feel memories
1,A movie that only works for people in their 40s.
1,Too long play time;
1,a smirk
1,What movie adds 3 hours, 30 minutes, and 2 minutes?
5,It's a masterpiece, but I personally hate it.
4,It's actually a very bad movie. If you watch the silent movie Ben-Hur, you'll understand what I mean
5,I don't like this movie. Ten Kye will get better evaluation in the future
