극장판 바이올렛 에버가든
10,I think I'm happy to be able to watch this movie alive. I think I'm learning the emotions I need to live through the movie
4,I can't relate to it.
10,I'm a 30-year-old burly man, and I saw him wailing from start to finish, and I wonder if he's normal. Violet, be happy.
10,It's a masterpiece that went beyond the real masterpiece ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I watched season 1 and watched the movie while cryingIt's touching
10,It's a neat ending, but it would have been better if Gilbert and Violet were married or became grandparents
10,I've seen many movies, but it was definitely the most touching and lingering movieㅠ
10,It is one of the best animations in my life. Violet's thoughts and feelings as she learned her emotions were always touching, and Gilbert's lines of meeting again and hugging each other seemed to be more touching by talking about the feelings she had hidden. I enjoyed watching the external and OVA, and both the story, video, acting, and OST production are perfect, especially the composition is always phenomenal and beautiful. It is an animation that I want to see again.
10,
10,It's the first time in my life that I've even scored.It was the most enjoyable time of my life.The only regret was not being able to see the movie version of Violet Evergarden in theaters.
10,Tears...
10,The smiling violet is so pretty.
10,It's an animation that's all about writing, characters, stories, and OST
9,It's a relief that Violet is happyBut if you add a sweeter scene afterwards, where does it get worse?
10,My life! None of the movies I've seen in my life have shed this much tears. It was hard to hold back tears in every scene. Everything in this movie seemed as beautiful as the scene where Major and Violet were reunited.
10,I cried my eyes outcrying
10,드디어Wow, this is the only video I have. Show me how you're flirting with Major ㅠㅠ I finally met you ㅠㅠ
10,It's the first time I've ever been left with this painting ㅠㅠ
10,I still remember, I went to the movie theater alone for the first time in my life in January 2021, and there was a familiar animation movie, and when I booked and went into the theater, it was daytime on weekdays, so I was alone. Watching a movie alone in a large theater, I still can't forget the feeling of healing and the emotion of the moment. It is a movie that is a great memory for me in many ways.
10,Violet Evergarden...
10,It was good because I think the ending was well done with the theater version.
8,The emotion that gets overwhelmed when a person who only conveys another person's heart conveys his or her heart is
10,I really enjoyed it It's touching and...
10,Beautiful story, beautiful composition, beautiful music, and Japanese culture and cartoons made me think again.While watching, a wave of emotion came into my heart and I watched it with tears in my eyes.At this moment, I'm going to love the people I love more and tell them that I love them!And if you truly love someone, you feel that you should be together, not turn away because you care for them.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't leave out the movie version of their animation that broke my heart every episode.
10,I'm worried about the aftereffects. You're the best
10,The word "best" is not enough, but I was able to feel both the touching and moving imageIt's been a while since I saw a masterpiece that gave me a welcome rain on my dry heart. Thank you
10,Let me see a little more  Don't end it
10,It was the best..... It'sorry.
10,
10,
10,I fell in love with the heroine, Violet Evergarden. Her poor love made the viewer feel sorry and moved.The near-dependency of a major makes me jealous. - I saw that
10,Thank you for making it into a movie
10,I really don't cry often.
10,Annie is so immersed in the drama. She cried and had a runny nose If you have a chance to watch this animation, make sure to watch it. I will never regret it. The characters, voice actors, and even the obvious stories were all perfect and beautiful animations. It's a movie that has been a milestone in my life. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to those who produced this theater version or who helped me to produce it. Lastly, if I introduce this movie in one sentence, I can say that it is a movie that tells the meaning of beauty in a touching and beautiful story.
10,It's an animation, but there's a lingering feeling and sadness
10,If I hadn't watched it, I would have regretted it.
10,I don't think there's going to be a follow-up anymore. Sad
10,The great OST that conveys a great impression, but also gives a very comfortable atmosphere of the work, and makes you immersed in the movie is the best.It's a movie that makes you think about what the sensibility of the medium of letters is in the era when letters are disappearing.After seeing this, I somehow feel like writing a letter.
10,This is the real ending. It was perfect
10,It would have been nice if there were more stories from Violet and Gilbert. It's a little sad, but I'm relieved that it's a happy ending. I hope you all watch it!
10,
9,Good recommendation. Make sure to watch it. Fun
10,It was different from the contents of the novel, but I think the animation Violet Evergarden ended so perfectly in the movie. It was an animation and a movie that made me think about ''' again.
10,I learned a little bit about "I love you."
1,I'm going crazy.
10,I cried five times.
10,I can't see without tears.
10,I couldn't stop crying
10,If you want to see a movie that is very touching, please watch it.
10,Thanks to you, I got a good impressionable
10,It's a masterpiece that reminded me of the emotions that I forgot about
10,Touching Kyoani♥? I watched it with my husband and we both criedYou must watch the ㅠㅠ TV series season 1 and the movie version
6,I couldn't get into it after watching the murder case in heaven on Netflix. Phew. Don't make a mistake like me.
10,I really cried a lot. Watching Annie and the movie version definitely gave me goosebumps. It's really just a tear bomb ㅠㅠ
9,From the Netflix series to this... an animated film with a movie
7,I'd like to say it's a little disappointing. I thought the key was to show him overcoming adversity and continuing to learn in the new life given to Violet by Major, but the moment Gilbert comes out of the theater version, the core feels broken. Sinpa, the main story composition of composition or violet, came to be okay, but I think it may have included a little bit of the director's personal wish.
10,
10,What do you need to say? It's beautiful. No, it's beautiful itself
10,
10,I kept crying while watching it It's really sad and touching.The drawings are so pretty.It's so much fun.
10,Wow, silly. I'm going to watch it again
10,I don't know how many times I cried.
10,A pack of tears today... Live happily and well!
10,If you haven't watched the TV version, you should watch it and watch it. The minor details of the TV and theater versions combined look much richer and more moving. It's an animation that has nothing to throw away.
10,A work that touches the heart beyond the limits of animation
10,It's a piece of work that I can say is perfect
10,ㅂ 애 애 It's sad ㅜㅜ
6,The quality of the painting was good, but Gilbert's content was unnatural and the characters all looked similar.
10,Anime that stimulated the tear glands in a long time.
10,It was so touchingHaha
10,It's the best. It's good to watch when you want to cry.
10,The best animation I've ever seen while sniffling with my late night friend
10,A must-see movie in life
10,a theatrical finish Touching.
10,You'll know when you see it. It's Annie
10,Everything was a perfect movie versioncrying
10,In conjunction with the TVA, dry eye syndrome is cured. The downside is that it's uncomfortable to watch with glasses or lenses on. I want you to follow up on the movie version of "Later Story".
10,In terms of fun, it's not very fun, but the directing, visual, and beauty music are crazy.
3,a delusional allegory painted in beautiful paintings
10,A movie that scares me to have a daughter
10,Oh, tears are just... Wow...
10,The first episode started with Episode 10. I started crying from then on. I didn't know I would cry until the end. The visuals are so good and the directing at the sea really made me cry The sad thing is that it ended so neatly that I don't think the new Violet Evergarden will come out anymore. Please make more and eat more
10,I don't think I'll ever feel this kind of emotion again
10,ㅠㅠ Violet Gilbert, let's be happy.
10,It's sad that it ended in my free time, but it was the best and the last
10,
10,I have an appointment, but tears are falling down my eyes.I'm so sad that I couldn't see you at the theater. You're the best
10,It is the first time that I cried this much among the animation and movie versions that I have seen so far.I've never cried, but I think this is a painting that really touches people's hearts.If there are people who haven't seen it yet, you'll regret it. If you're really touched and want to cry, I recommend it. Please watch it.
10,I hope you get rid of the prejudice that it's animation and watch it
7,I wanted the TVA to give more weight to the various emotions that had been accumulated for Violet in the theater, but it felt more important to the other story The story in the middle of the play was so strong that the narrative and emotion lines that should be concentrated on the main character were stronger than in the second half and relatively dull the emotions that viewers would feel It would have been nice if there were more stories in the second half
10,Anime that lingers for a long time
10,If it's good to see you at home, you'll get teary to the point where your clothes are covered
10,
10,Best work. When I look at Violet Evergarden, I feel that I still have a childhood innocence
9,I was relieved and happy to see Gilbert Buchanville and Violet Evergarden meet later. Overall, I want to see this animation as an adult It's the idea.
10,Ah... I watched a lot of movies that impressed me in my life, but I never left a grade...It still lingers more than any famous Japanese animation film. The emotions of the main characters can be touched in such a delicate way. Make sure to watch it. I don't regret it.  If there was no one at home, I would have used up a whole bunch of tissues. I'makes me cry
10,I cried from beginning to end.ㅜㅜThe story is crazy, so make sure to watch it.
10,How can it be so lyrical and beautiful?
1,(˘???ε???) Not funny Very boring I saw it because it was on Netflix and it wasn't fun and boring and fell for otaku's rating Don't watch it Don't watch Mononoke Himena again when you watch this I think it's perfect for those who have 10 points left
10,I think he showed Violet and Gilbert's feelings through Aris.It's more touching to know Annie Good
10,The best animation of my life.It is an animation that made me cry every time I saw it.It's a relief that it connects with Gilbert at the end, especially in stamps. I love you, KYOANI. I love you, Violet
10,Thank you so much for making this great work
10,It's a masterpiece of my life. I kept crying.
10,It's very touching. I'm so immersed. Please be careful
10,I can't understand without looking The scene comes out at the end. You have to watch it
8,The running time is so long and there's a series of moving things that make me feel bored...I think it would have been better if it was produced in two episodes.I have a lot of regrets.
1,I hate it. I turned it off 5 minutes after watching the movie because I was disappointed.
10,Yeppudang, Jjandang, Jjandang, Jjandang, the best
10,I'm so sad.I cried my eyes out.ㅠ
10,The comments cried in 5 minutes. At the end, I cried. I watched the movie that I must watch before I die. I watched all the comments and watched the movie version of Violet Evergarden Thank you so much I cried a lot and I learned a lot from watching this movie when I was alive It's like a landscape. It's a calm song that starts from the bottom. It's so touching. I told my mom that I love her for the first time in my life Thank you.
10,Oh... I can't see Teachers
10,It's the best. I'm tired of crying
10,I cried a lot when I saw this animation for the first time
10,She's so good at making it
10,I cried for two hours.
10,It's "Annie of My Life". All the movie versions
10,I was looking forward to the series that was really salty ^^
10,Finally, I finished binge-watching the Violet series. I enjoyed watching the animation and automatic transcription. Every scene with Gilbert was so precious. The most memorable. Writing, directing, story, and OST were all perfect. My life animation and theater version. Major, I love you
10,Wow, I almost cried when I saw the scene where they jumped into the sea and reunited Violet, now live happily with Major ㅜㅜ
10,It's just a masterpiece that doesn't need words...Kyoani, thank you for letting me experience this masterpiece Don't comment on it. Just watch it I definitely recommend it
10,I don't think a billion points is enough... I cried 10 times and the aftermath was a movie that I regretted not being able to see at the movie theater for a long time. It was simply the best Annie of my life.
10,ㄴNo, I'm sad. It's really...
10,
10,If possible, please watch this animation from the beginning and watch the movie version in order.Then you'll appreciate the movie, no matter what age you're standing at, with a period
10,
10,Directing, story, OST, emotional narratives, everything is perfect
10,Violet Evergarden ㅠㅠ Annie of my life
10,No one regrets watching this. There are people who didn't watch it, but there's no one who watched it once
10,It's a perfect movie with nothing to put on
10,Five stars isn't enough. You have to give 500 stars
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.It's probably the story that will last in my heart for the longest time
10,I think it's a movie that I remember for a long time, including the OST and the last story.I think I'll watch it again and again
8,I used to be a soldier from a noble family, but now I'm Chachacha in a seashore village?
10,
10,
10,Violet is the best ㅜㅜ I cried a lot
10,
10,Perfect. I cried my eyes outIt was the perfect finale
10,Even if you look at the spoiler... What are you going to do with this lingering feeling?
10,
10,
10,It's nothing to say. You have to watch it No regrets
10,
10,I finally watched it on Netflix ㅠㅠ♥?♥?
10,Sometimes when I'm tired, I get cold to people, but after watching the Violet series, I get to be friendly again It was that warm and beautiful, but honestly, it's a shame that it's the last one
10,The most beautiful animation of my life
10,
10,I think I can write a series of comments, but to put it simply, everything was beautiful.
10,It's so touching. The drawing is so beautiful
10,The best animation of my life
10,They're so affectionate... Voice actors' acting is really thumbs up
10,I just cried from beginning to end...As expected, my life's number one movie.
10,
10,
10,A movie where you can feel a new life and love
10,Not only the movie version, but also the animation. It's my life's
10,Life work... Tears are pouring down
10,I know it's really over, but... Even though I know I have to say goodbye... It's a work that makes me want to see you again. I was happy to see a good work that touched my heart after a long time.
8,What was so unfortunate was that I wanted you to show me after Major and Violet  I'm so touched
10,Major and Violeto...I hope you are happy...I'm leaving with a bucket of tears.
10,It is very exciting. Tears welled up when I saw the heroine.
10,I trust you and watch it. It's no exaggeration to say that I'm paying for Netflix because of this.ㅠㅠ 꼭 Make sure to watch it You won't regret itcrying
10,I was sad that I couldn't watch the movie, but it was worth waiting for and it satisfied me more than 100%
10,I'm the father of two kids who are 31 years old I cried my eyes out. Thank you.
10,"I love you" is what I finally said
10,Wow, even the drawing style of Annie's life is perfect. ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it crying
10,Why don't you look when everything's perfect?
10,
10,I'm watching it on Netflix, and the style is different from before. Is it just me? Overall, it feels like people's faces are getting longer.
10,At the end of the fireworks, I can feel the CEO CH casually looking to the side and calling me Violet.  I didn't understand the meaning of the tears, but I could understand a little bit after the ending credit came up and the cookie video came out. I'll never see Violet again. ㅠㅠ I'm so sad. I keep crying. I keep getting sad. ㅠㅠㅠ  Can't you take a picture with President CH? ㅜㅜㅜ
10,A good story needs a good ending
10,Make sure you watch it. That's all I have to say. The perfect ending...
10,a moving movie from beginning to end
10,a deep-seated film
10,I watched it because it was released on Netflix, and it was so touching.I think I solved the problem that I don't use these days
10,If you've seen the cartoon, you should watch it. The Last Story of Violet
10,It's a masterpiece. I recommend it when you want to cry
10,I kept crying while watching it...No time to cry ㅠㅠ 과거와 It was good that the past and the present fit together I'm really curious about the behind story, but I'm sure you'll be happy, It's hard to feel touched when you first see it, but I'm going to binge watch itI want to feel that emotion again.If there's anyone who hasn't seen it yet. I hope you watch it
10,The movie was really touching.The scene where Violet reunites at the end is the most touching
10,It's a movie that you'll regret if you don't watch it
10,I recommend that you watch all the episodes of Netflix season 1 and the 2019 theater version of Violet Evergarden I cried so much while watching the movie from beginning to end.It's really the best!
10,Favorite, animation, watched twice, how calm development can be so touching
6,Gilbert, isn't that trash?
10,I've never cried watching a movie in my life, but I lost
10,If you cried a lot in a long time, make sure to watch the extra money and the TV
10,
10,Tears welled up. My head is ding
10,It's the best. ㅜㅜ I cried a lot at dawn.
10,It's the best ending...A beautiful ending...I just wanted more love to come out
10,Masterpiece Violet Evergarden
10,If you didn't see it at the theater, you'd lose your life
9,It would be hard for Kyoani to make a better work.
10,I am grateful to Kyo-ani for her late knowledge of this work and for her great mistakes, lingering regrets, and lingering feelings that she didn't see in the theater, and for her effort in the work that was good.
10,Just! It's a masterpiece. I cried the whole time
10,I know what else it's for.
10,It's really hard to find an animation like this! Violet! It's pretty!Whoo hoo hoo hoo!
10,Painfully and brilliantly beautiful
10,I was able to understand "I love you."
10,The Beautiful Annie Ends Violet Evergarden
10,I don't usually leave reviews, but Violet Evergarden is a masterpiece
10,I had a happy running time and the courage to express my feelings honestly to people around me. One more! I fell in love with the letter. Finally, I can't forget the beauty of the movie and the acting. Lovely characters and landscapes will be kept by the side of memory for a long time
10,I kept cryingcrying
10,It was so touching.
10,Please... Violet and Major Gil, can you show us how happy you are and how you live a stable life? Even if you're not sad, I want to see you two being sweetㅠㅠI want to see you have a baby and grow old like a normal personㅠㅠㅠㅠAll the stories are good, but I think this story of my favorite couple is the most sad, heartbreaking, and lonely... I want to see a lot of good things
10,
10,
10,It's a masterpiece of my life where there are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who hasn't cried. :)
10,If you don't watch this, you'll regret it. It's a must-see piece
1,Manga for the five virtues. Don't be fooled by the ratings.
10,I am Woo Hee Yeol in Cheongju.
10,All I can say is that I like it. There have been so many movies in my life, but I've never seen a movie that tears my heart apart like thisI wonder if there will be a perfect movie before and afterI would like to thank the production company for watching this movie.
10,Watch the first episode of the original TV version From the first scene, the connection was right and it was twice as touching!
10,I can't help but cry... Sigh...
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,Everything was good.Even if the story is visible, it makes me cry
10,Now they're gonna slowly heal their wounds like snow melt.For some reason, I feel like the movie version of Violet Evergarden will be the last one
10,
10,From the start to the end of the movie, I couldn't stop crying If I didn't watch it at the theater, I would have regretted a lot It's a movie that doesn't leave out stories, OSTs, and everything
10,Life animation. It's an animation that moves you more as you get older
7,a work of restlessness among forced animals
10,
10,The best movie. Fun and touching
10,The only thing I've ever seen in my life is a fortune
10,A masterpiece that makes tears come out in every series, an animation that tells you another way to convey your heart in the current digital society.
10,
10,You have to see this. You have to see this. Crazy
10,Anime of grown-ups who say that they're trying to ignore it and come out of it's an animation
10,Violet series is my life's work
1,Directing and writing are good, but in the middle of the problem, there is talk about damage between the warring states on the island. So, everyone was sick in the war. It's the same thing as Japan's self-justification.Is this a coincidence?
10,I've loved it since it was aired, so I went to the theater five times, and I'm still struggling to get out of it.
10,I ran out of tissue as soon as I started
10,
10,It's a really healing animation
10,It's a movie that tells you what the aftereffects. One person who wants to see the extra money behind us ㅠㅠㅠ
8,Violet, a luxurious but human-smelling robot.
10,It's a cartoon. It's well-made
10,Even though I watched d^u^b twice, it was fun
10,It's a legend. If someone asks, "Hey, is this fun?" I want to say it in four letters. "Shut up and watch."
10,
10,It was the first time in my life that I've seen a better film as a healing film.
10,I liked the OST when Gilbert and Violet met
10,Why does The World come to mind?
10,
10,
10,I started crying 5 minutes after I started. When I finished, I almost cried
10,It wasn't as good as I expected
10,Anime that made me feel alive, the best animation of my life, the first movie I watched and cried
10,I cried a lot while watching the movie
10,I hope you watch a touching drama
10,It was so much fun and I can't wait to watch the replay
10,artistic composition a touching storyWhat more do we need?
10,The word "perfect masterpiece" is not an exaggeration at all, especially for story writing and a clean and beautiful finish. I was so impressed that I was included in the top 3 movie of my life.
10,Make sure to watch it. Just watch it. Don't ask. Look.
10,From the beginning to the end, I cried and lost my voice. It's not just the characters I want to see again.I'm sure I'm included in this
8,There's a lot to eat. It's close to eating at once
10,The love production is beautiful and affectionate, and the sick brother of the hospital is very sad. I think it's the value of life that only this series can contain
10,If it's really fun, make sure to watch JIM
10,Written by, OST, and acting by Sung Woo Jin. It's the best drama in Tokyo Annie
10,Uh, get my heart back
10,Uh, get my heart back
10,It's just perfect.
10,I want to recommend something touching, sad, and affectionate
1,일본 없음
10,Kyoani's greatest masterpiece, who was in trouble
10,Kyoani is really a legend...
10,You have to watch it at the theater
10,You have to watch it at the theater
9,I can relate to it more
10,It had a different ending from the original Annie, so I loved itcrying
10,I'm glad I saw it. Perfect ending
1,Sigh...
10,
10,It was so nice ㅠㅠT
8,I think the reunion wasn't that sad because the proportion of touching was on the story, but if people who watched the animation want a closed ending, it would be nice to watch it!
9,I'm sad. I cried after watching a literary work in my life. I'm glad I watched it at the second theater
10,It was so touching
5,There are tremendous paintings and fascinating world-viewing characters, but the cringe-worthy production that eats up those strengths and the feast of the new school that forces the impression
10,I don't cry at Annie. This is...
10,
9,Since it's Kyoani, the drawing is amazing
10,It's a movie that you won't get sick of even if you watch it many times at the theater. It's a waste of your life if you don'
1,It's just an animation for otaku.
10,
8,
9,
10,If you don't cry after watching this, you're not a person ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Best Movie of the Year
10,
10,
10,
10,I saw it and...In the glass scene, cry cry cry ㅜㅜ
10,I was half sad and half moved that another masterpiece was completed.
10,I was touched. I was touched by the story, the composition, and the whole time I watched it, I watched it, I was happy
10,It was a well-decorated theatrical version of the series! b
10,If you watch the main episode of "Violet Evergarden", and if you know a little bit of Japanese, you can cry for the exquisite production of the song lyrics and storyㅠㅠ(And I want you to sell OTT service as soon as possible.I can't wait to see you again in the non-metropolitan area ㅠㅠ)
9,I cried a lot, but I also had a brain fracture
8,It's obvious that the beauty of the video is not to mention visual beauty. I liked the emotional portrayal of this series because it was so well expressed. It was fun because I could sympathize with emotions such as behavior, intonation, tone, and expression. The story is well made only by the theater version, but it's a little confusing in terms of the meaning of "I love you" when I think about the whole series.In the animation, it wasn't like a couple's love. But if you look at the cookie at the end, it looks like you're married. I think the animation is perfect and neat. Of course, as a fan of Violet Evergarden, it was great to be in another movie!
10,Oh, you just have to watch it It's a loss if you don't watch this
10,The acting of the production company and voice actors that we trust
10,Violet series that you can trust and watch
10,Just don't need the best words...
10,No one stood up from their seats until the screening and the song were over.
10,I went to see my boyfriend It was hard to hold back my tears while admiring the drawing
10,Amazing level of writing and OST. And touching. Perfection itself
10,Why do critics say that?
10,Such a beautiful masterpiece
10,I'm going to grade it, but it's really a renaming... If you haven't watched it, please watch it when it comes out as a BD.
10,Everything from story to OST stood out for the great production! The stories fit well with each other, so it was more touchingㅜㅜ I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I see it
6,It's boring to not live up to the reputation of the original, but it's a great revival of Kyoani
10,
10,I'll have to watch it again to see if it'll be uploaded on Netflix
10,I like both the directing that expresses the changing times sweetly and the scenes that depict the emotions between the characters in depth.
10,It's really... it's art to blow up emotions.I think it's my first time crying at a movie theater That's a legend.
10,I cried. When does the screening end? I want to download it and watch it again
10,As soon as I started, I just squeezed out the juice
10,Story, visual beauty, acting. Nothing was missing.
10,At the end, when the word milestone came out in the Violet letter, I was surprised when the song came out right away. It was so grand watching it at the theater
10,Beautiful. Thank you for everything in this movie Thank you forever for making this kind of work. I love you.
10,If it was the best, it would have been so emotional
9,A movie that's good to watch when there's no hope in the world
10,If you're a bit of a chewer, please watch it's okay.
10,After the movie, two of us left, listened to the ending song, and sat down until the screen completely disappeared.My youngest daughter took it with her to see it, but there's no need for words. Strongly recommend
10,It was good without missing anything
10,It's like a movie that touches your heart ㅠㅠ Violet Evergarden 2nd GEN would be great crying
10,I really cry ㅠㅠ I miss you again
10,After something big happened in Kyoani, I was disappointed in the composition part, and it took some time to write a lot of old videos, but the story is still the best.But the sub-story was sadder than the main story
10,Violet, I love you
8,It felt loose due to the long running time, but it was touching and good
10,Not to mention the beauty of the video.Violet Evergarden and dongseng liked it so we went to watch the movie version together. It was really goodㅠㅠ I'm glad it's a happy ending
6,I think young girls can watch it An adult would feel like a waste of a point. I just wasted time
1,Best Trash
10,It's not sweet enough, but if you look at the whole story, it's very good. It's a movie that needs to shed tears. Extra money required
8,It's touching, but it's not boring, but it's the best
10,I reviewed the TV version and OVA to watch this. Thanks to this, I think I've developed an attachment to the character, but it's finally finished, so I feel moved and relieved. I think KYOANI made the decision after much consideration. A life animation that's not enough even if you watch it twice!
10,
10,I'm a nurse at the hospitalNurse is essentially a job that shares the beginning and the end of lifeAmong them, I often see the end of lifeI'm in the third person's shoes, so I'm always sad whenever I face the end, but I couldn't express it outwardlySo there were many times when I passed by without knowing the importance of lifeBut after I saw this, I changed my mindI wanted to say that all life is nobleIf there is another time to watch the end of your life, I would like to tell you that your life was noble then
10,I cried my eyes out. Violet Evergarden is the best!
10,
1,"That emotion."
10,Just watch it. It's a masterpiece
8,the final installment of a series If you're a fan, make sure to watch it.
10,My heart is so broken that I think I'm going to die There are other reviews, but there's a cookie video for the second half, so don't leave even if the ending song comes out
10,It was a great movie. There was a lot of lingering feeling and there was nothing missing. It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,I'm so satisfied with the tears that are tears
10,I cried...crying
10,I was looking forward to the movie version and it was really touching and fun.
8,You can't just say what you really want to say
10,
10,Violet's next theater version, I think I was satisfied as much as I expected. Like Annie and the previous theater version, I was satisfied with the impressions of Violet Evergarden's work, the unique OST feeling, calm content, and pretty drawing style I heard that it was the last movie, but I'm sorry about that
10,It was really fun and touching.
10,I watched it until the end, but it's a masterpiece. I said there's a cookie video at the end. Everyone knew it and waited, but it only came out for about 3 seconds, so everyone was disappointed. So shy
10,I'm really healing while watching you fight.
10,Micho... I can only explain it. Make sure to watch the legend
10,The moving animation was cooler than the real life story  It was good because it was a happy ending, but it was sad that this was the end  I'm going to binge watch it at home
10,It was perfect from the beginningIt was so much funHaha
10,
10,The best 140 minutes of my life
10,If I had to choose three of the movies I've seen so far, I would choose this movie. It's really the best
1,Why is this third place in rating order?
10,It's a masterpiece and an animation
10,I was so touched that I cried a lot
10,From story to composition, everything was beautiful.
10,When I watch movies, I can't concentrate.ㅜㅜ I'm going to watch it again at home.
9,Thank you. It's a good piece
10,
10,I watched it with tears and runny nose. If you feel it's bland, it might be because you're used to the stimulating crazy stuff. In the second half, you have indigestion as if you ate 5.5 trillion sweet potatoes, but it's a relief that it went down quickly. I don't know how much he cursed at me as Major Woof Woof woof. The situation of others and various factors that compared the relationship between Major and Violet without useless content were good, and the connection between the last letter and Violet Evergarden's letter paper at the beginning of the animation was horrifying. Even if it is an animation of my life, it is a wonderful story that gives the best love, touching, fun, and lessons.
10,Life movie... Make sure to watch it
10,It was the best in my life
9,There are major Euris and Gilbert episodes, which are sadder than the former (10th episode). Even considering the obvious Gilbert episode, the Euris episode is very impressive. There's no need to talk about directing and writing.
10,If you know the animation story, it makes you cry throughout the movie. In the early and mid-term, tears welled up, but in the second half, tears welled up. A movie that imitates that much.
6,I felt my tears were too much.
10,I'm so touched just by looking at your drawings
10,It's meaningful to fill it up after a little over two hours. I felt like I was saying everything I wanted to say. Especially, I cried hard because of the acting skills of the voice actors and the composition that didn't lag behind them. I couldn't even shed tears at the end because it didn't come out.
10,It's more than I expected.
10,Masterpiece ㅠㅠ I cried while watching it
10,Those who watched the previous movie with Annie must be moved...ㅠ
10,It's so desperate.I enjoyed it
10,It's so touching Make sure you watch it
10,
10,
10,I cried for 2 hours and 20 minutes.Violet, let's be happy now...crying
10,
10,Among the animations, I liked the animation the best.
10,
10,If you've seen Violet Evergarden, make sure to watch it!
10,I cried my eyes out at the movie theater. If you haven't seen it yet, make sure to watch it! You won't regret it.
10,I cried while watching it at the theater Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠ
10,I haven't done this in 27 years of my life. I like action movies such as Attack Giant, Evangelion, One PUNCH Man, My Hero Academia Moscyco100.  I'm writing comments. I'll be honest Don't trust the Sinfane blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Please don't be fooled just once and I can guarantee that you'll be the one pick anime in your life. It is a drama itself that continues to be moved by emotionally.
10,
10,[Laughing out loud and clear
6,I think I can spend this winter warm
10,It's touching. The story is good and the OST is really good. But the most impressive thing was that the painting was so fascinating and beautiful. It became the work of my life.
9,Even though it is a series that I don't know well, I can fall into it without any inconvenience. Feeling the power of the media, which is treated as an ancient relic, I am immersed in the charm of the character. Not to mention the beauty of the video. I should look for the series^^
10,I'll give it to you. I can hear the sound of the artist's soul being split
10,Like Kyoto Animation, I could easily immerse myself in the long running time of 2 hours and 20 minutes in the beauty of the video, directing, and the acting of each character and voice actor's emotions. However, there was something left to be desired in the story. If we had reduced the contents of the serve and focused more on the main character couple, we would have been able to join the ranks of masterpieces.
10,It's a perfect ending It's a perfect ending.Please draw a bit more. It's a bummer
10,The perfect ending that fits the series
10,I watched it while saying, "Stop crying, ㅜㅜ
10,
10,It was a really touching movie for those who enjoyed the original movie.
10,
10,
10,
10,I cried the whole time I watched. To understand the background, you must watch a six-part animation on Netflix. I don't care about the extra money, but the extra money is also very moving, so you have to see it.
10,
10,I cried a lot while watching itㅜㅜ It was fun
10,As expected, touching is the best. There is a little forced production, but there is no significant impact on the main story production, and I think it is a Violet Evergarden-like finish until the end. The process of reaching the impression that the TV version might not have been enough was released in the theater version, so it drew it well without boredom.
10,I watched it from the 1st generation of animation. It was so good
10,
10,
9,One of the best animations of the century!
10,wait long for one´s daughter I saw it. They said it was so much fun
10,I just want to thank Kyoto Animation for making such a beautiful animation film.
10,It's touching...It's lingering...
10,It's so fun.My brother didn't want to watch it at first, but he focused on itYou can watch it again on Netflix. It's niceAnnie can't watch it because she is 15 years old, but I think she can watch the movie continuously
10,It's the first and last movie of my life
10,I kept crying while watching it
9,If you never cried until the ending credits came up, wouldn't you really be a doll...
10,I was so happy with the happy ending. Both excellent composition and story were good.
10,Connect the beginning to the end. Ost is the best.
10,I don't need to say much, it's just dope.I filled half the popcorn bucket with tissue.
10,It was just overwhelming when I watched the movie version again about a year after I cried watching the TV seriesIt was a big gift for me this year, which was an eventful event.
10,I happened to watch the movie because I had some free time in the middle, but it was a masterpiece. I squeezed out all my tears and runny nose.God-wall. Make sure to prepare tissues.I reflect on myself for having a prejudice against animation (?It's the best work I've seen recently.Touched, sad, and so on. If someone like Violet exists...Oh, my
8,Anime-acquired herniation cured
10,I've just been exposed to this work, and I was glad to see the next story so soon. The drawing was so beautiful that I couldn't take my eyes off it It was fun.
10,I was so immersed in the movie that I couldn't meet even though I was too immersed in it. I still had the frustration of not being able to meet even though I met him. It was like I ate 99,999 sweet potatoes. I thought it was because I couldn't meet him. I didn't see him in the movie It's a masterpiece
10,Very good... I miss you again
10,Thank you. You cried a lot
10,I kept crying while watching it. Let's be happy with Violet Gilbert ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Dietfried, I'm sorry I cursed you before ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Before you watch this, I recommend you watch Annie 13+ Theater version of the automatic handcraft
10,
10,I watched it 3 times and cried 3 times
10,It's very touching. Thank you
10,I can't explain anything but "awesome"
10,I was so sad when my child died, and I'm glad I met him again
8,I had a hard time waiting at the end
10,Now I want her to be happy
10,
1,I can summarize it in one word, NO JAPAN.
7,I fell in love with the drawing and the concept was good
6,Compared to the animation, I was really disappointed that I had to continue the emotional line and the story
10,It's hard to find an animation movie that touches you deeply recently
10,It's fun. I watched it twice, but I didn't get any special gifts
10,I almost cried... jackpot
10,
10,Kwang-kwang International ㅠㅠ Black Sadness
6,
10,Once again, I'd like to thank all the directors. I went to the movies alone because of the timing. It was the best movie version that made me feel better because I cried so much that I was embarrassed
10,It's just crazy. I'm so glad that I can see it at the movie theater I love you KYOANI
10,It's a movie that touches you until the end. It's a masterpiece until the end. ㅠㅠㅠ Our pretty Violet, please be happy with Major!
10,I watched it with (G)I-DLE, but I cried a lot because it was so sad^^
1,I don't know why the ratings are so high. This is the first time I've done Instagram while watching a movie It's really boring It could be fun if you're 12 years old^^
10,
10,
10,I binge-watched all the cartoons in a day, and it was not disappointing.I think it's a really well-made piece
10,I cried for an hour and lay sick in bed...Violet Evergarden, please be forever...The cookie video is short, but I recommend you to watch it
9,The story is kind of new? It was poor, but even if it was obvious, I think it's the charm of this drama that makes you cry. I loved the beauty of the video
10,I really liked it, so I went to see it for two days in a row. Namjoo is a bit...But...It was such a happy time
10,I cried the whole timeThere's nothing more perfect than Annie
10,Watch this movie after watching the real animation.I cried a lot.ㅜㅜ
8,The unique material of ghostwriting human dolls and various stories are touching, directing, proper dubbing, and even the OST are flawless animation.I watched the movie version and looked for all the episodes, but they're all good too.I also recommend the whole episode
10,
10,The video is beautiful and the story is greatIt's a movie where you can feel a variety of love^^ It's so good that there are touching parts where you get emotional and teary
10,In the meantime, the part where the affection for the patient meets is too short and still, and it would not have been regrettable if it had been led to the story from the two's point of view, but it is also regrettable that the flow of the background has set the time.I will score 10 points for the development of Japanese films.
10,I cried ㅠㅠ I'm touched ㅠㅠ
10,Major, I was so frustratedㅠㅠ I understand that it can be because of my personality, but... I thought you had burns all over your body, too. It was touching as expected and there were some loose parts, but it was a lotㅜㅜ
10,I feel bad that the original novel can't be straightforward in Korea
10,It made me cry three times even though I didn't watch Annie. I really recommend it.The story is so touching!
10,I'm so touched. There's a cookie
10,
10,I felt sorry for the money. I was satisfied enough that I didn't even get a grade.
10,Composed and pretty~The perks are so pretty~~~The song is so good~~~~
10,It's a movie that has a complete storyline.I don't know how to forget the aftereffects. Best movie in the second half of 2020
10,It's a prophetic movie that's about to come true! A masterpiece that shows the restrained humor unique to Japanese movies and the imagination that makes you hit your knees!!!
10,It's a great finish and a deep lingering impression
10,
10,I didn't expect much. I was surprised because it was more fun than I expected
2,Stop breaking my heart. Cabung, what are you going to do?
10,"Kanada Ramabasa Azachakapataha
10,It's the best movie of my life Make sure you watch it
10,
10,I like the work that awakens the warmth that I forgot, and the ending to the person who wants to convey your heart.
10,I usually listen to OST because I like it. I went to listen to OST and I was moved by the story productionㅠㅠ I didn't expect it and it moved me a lot "A good movie to wrap up this year." The OST for directing was the best
10,That's amazing. Perfect ending
9,It's true that Japanese animation's overall virtual war background, country, language, concept, etc. are so typical that it gives cliche, but beyond them, story and visual beauty can never be ignored. It was good because it didn't feel like a fanatic, and I hope it will remain as an animation masterpiece
10,
6,
9,The later part of the movie is a flashy composition that highlights the turbulent emotions... The last movie was released on Netflix the day after I watched it in the theater, so I was thinking about waiting for this movie, but I watched it when I heard it will not be released until May next year. I compliment you so much for booking last week
10,
10,Fortunately, I was alone in the theater, so I cried a lot.
10,It was such a good movie. My girlfriend slept next to me, but it still lingers in my mind.
10,If I showed you more of the male lead and female lead, it would be a legend.
10,It's a shame this is the last time
10,I'm so touched by your previous work.It's too bad I didn't see the bonus after the ending
10,I got a free ticket, so I happened to watch it, but I bought the previous movie Blu-ray. The TV version is out of stock, so I want to watch the TV version ㅠㅠcrying
10,It's so much fun that I can't think of anything to say.I hope this comes out continuously
10,I was glad that it was the ending I wanted. The last scene is so touching! I want to see it again. I'm going to binge watch it
10,I was surprised because it was different from what I thought And it's so touching
10,It's so sad. I want other people to see this. I cried the whole time
10,I was touched by the effect of the OST sound once again.
6,The composition is completely insane and the story is crazy. It's a sad story, but the story of falling in love with her, a war weapon, and the man who raised her. There is also romance in the new school content, so there is no way to cry. It is a gift anniversary edition of Room 7.
10,I came to watch a movie after a long time because of Corona, and it's really touching. I am happy to see a good animation after a long time.
10,The story, directing, and overall calm content have something touching If you've watched Violet Evergarden, I recommend you watch it at the theater
10,It was fun. It ended with the movie version It was a happy ending
10,
8,I really like the sub-story, but why... The story of the main character is not touching
9,It was good until the middle, but at the end, it felt dry. I'm sure it was fun, but...Well...
10,It's a work that's more than what you expect
2,The beginning of the Anypan is a new material, a unique moving element, and the theater version was disappointed to show a common Korean drama-like ending of the forced death of someone and the sudden development of carcinogenesis and touching of a living ex-some man. In particular, the reunion scene was cringe-worthy, and I feel a lack of supervisory ability with a cheap story that I don't know what I wanted to tell with a long runtime of two and a half hours.Don't you feel sorry for the drawing team? A famous line. "I didn't deserve to see you."
10,I didn't look at the reviews and regret... I had to go in quickly so I came out when the ending credit came out ㅠㅠ
10,
10,The ending that will leave a lot of emotions with just the beauty of the video...
10,I haven't seen such a beautiful movie in a long time It was really good I want to keep it and see it every day. I cried a lot and saw a lot of emotions and beauty. It was really good
10,Phew... I cried a little, but it was awkward, so I had a hard time watching it without moving.I really enjoyed watching it I didn't need to say anything about the drawing. I liked it because it was connected to Annie in between the middle It's really the best!What was funny sometimes was that even though the distance between the characters was so far away from each other, they could hear each other when they saw each other?That was funnyLOL It's probably because it's an animation, but it'
9,The reason why the touching index is high is that this work is the first creation I have encountered in my life (including movies, animations, novels, and cartoons), and I have only seen this work until now. It's a genre that I don't like very much.) What was surprising was that the quality and details were much higher than the out-of-the-box version that was released in March this year. It is surprising how far Kyoani, a production company, can go. It was a quality that made me curious about where the end of growth was.In particular, it was better because there was a production that continued with episode 10 (my favorite episode was episode 10 of the TVA edition). It was the most touching and I could relate to it.)From some point on, the formula of "masterpiece = box office hit with good work" was broken.The reason why I like Kyoani's works is that Kyoani's beliefs and stubbornness continue and always shows its development.Of course, there are many production companies that make masterpieces other than Kyoani, but Kyoani's works seem to be more supportive and noticeable because they were less popular than their especially good work quality.HaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaIt's a bittersweet feeling. But I believe it will make another masterpiece.
10,It was a touching story that made me cry after a long time Haha
1,It's not fun. It's not touching
10,My contact lenses fell out because of my tears Handkerchiefs are essential for women to go bare-faced.
10,I can't help but applaud their acting.I want to see you againbb
10,It feels like the storyline is complete and neat. I was able to feel the unique emotions and emotions of Violet Evergarden. I think it was really good to start and end Violet's story through a really different point of view. I'm going to watch it again in the last week of the screening. What's unfortunate is that it ended so neatly that I don't think it's going to come out as an animation or a movie anymore. Please make it happenㅜ
9,Beautiful visual beauty, the last sea scene was the best.
10,I have never seen a work that made me so emotional after watching an animation. Feel the calm meaning of the word "love," which is hard to find in modern times. For your information, there's a very short cookie video at the end.
10,Anime that can't come out in Korea
10,I brought a cheat key story from the start, so it felt like it ended relatively mildly towards the end, but why does it keep lingering?
10,The best movie of the year...
10,
10,Make sure to watch it. It's amazing lol
10,
10,I won't cry. I've made up my mind so many times. A movie with tears and runny nose. If you've watched the main episode, make sure to watch it
10,I cried... (Crying)
10,I cried when the OST came out.
10,It's a satisfying ending. That's a relief.
10,Even if a letter is changed to a phone, it is the same. Violet has known love. This last story is the same when Violet and the cow in the hospital change to the phoneViolet has known love. This last story is about a girl looking for violet, a boy in a hospital, and a heart to tell.
10,Composition, story, production... As expected, Da Violet Evergarden is an animation that I want everyone to know. I watched it well. It was so sad that the mask got wet.Since I watched everything from animation to the original novel, I cried even when it was not much. It was better because it was organized enough to understand the contents even if I didn't watch animation I think the drawing got prettier.The production was even crazier. I was going to watch it on Netflix, but it came out too late, so I went to the movie theater, and I almost regretted watching it on Netflix You have to watch it in the theater, not now and then later.I'm telling you. It's really lingering My friend who saw Annie said she was crazy, and she said she was going to see Annie again Of course, I'm going to watch it again. It's not a waste of money. It's really healing For those who haven't seen it yet, I recommend watching the animation. I also watched it If you're not going to watch it at all, watch YouTube, Violet, Ever, Garden, and even the best scenes!Make sure to watch the cookie video There's a pre-release on YouTube. Don't look at it I regret that you saw me.I already saw it as a pre-release and cried a lot. It was a scene that I already knew when I saw it at the theater. Don't worry about it. Just buy it right away and watch it
10,The OST for directing is definitely Violet Evergarden!That's what I did. However, overall, there were too many tear-inducing sections compared to the TV version, so the emotions were not organized well. However, I was satisfied with the fact that it was the final version of the Violet Story, and I think this work is a masterpiece in that it still lingers even though it has been more than three days since I saw it.
10,It was the best animation of my life.There's no need for words It's perfect.
10,I think it's the only work that made the main character sad without dying. I will pick this movie as the best moving animation and introduce it as my life work. Best story, best music, best writing, best acting, best directing. Everything is the best. Violet Evergarden will be engraved in my heart forever. I want more people to feel this emotion.
10,
10,
8,The visuals are good.
10,It was fun and touching!
10,I'm so happy. I'm glad it ended happily.
10,It's so much fun and touching. But you have to watch Annie before you go
10,
10,I don't know if you've seen the Violet Evergarden series, but... Violet doesn't show emotion in other things, but she speaks calmly, but whenever Major Gilbert's story comes out, it's the most touching thing to show emotion. It was more touching that the person who suppressed the emotion could not control it.
10,I cried after a long time. I'm still thinking about whether I can experience that someday.
10,
10,
10,The story of Euris and Gilbert's survival were touching
10,As much as I expected, it was touching and I enjoyed it. ㅜㅜ
10,Is the series closed? I like everything, but what if I end it neatly like the next one won't come out?
10,It's a masterpiece that even makes you cry
8,There is a lot of Sinpa-romance, so people who don't like it may feel difficult, but it's worth seeing because it's a lot of good.
8,I wish Gilbert and Violet would come out a lot, but I'm sad that there's only a little bit in the latter half~~ㅠㅠ It'd be perfect if the two of you came out to live together, but I enjoyed it~~
10,Wow, it's so much fun. The sea scene is crazy.Major, I love you
10,The two of us watched the two of us This COVID-19
10,I cried while watching it
10,ㅠㅠ진 I really cried a lot If you watched the main episode, you must watch it!
10,
10,Violet Evergarden is a masterpiece
10,The story continues with episode 10. Personally, I was really touched by the group, and it feels strange and happy to continue the story there.
10,I came as soon as the college entrance exam was over, but I wanted to jump with Violet when she jumped.
8,It's touching. ^^ I cried a lot ㅜㅜ
10,It still lingers afterwards... I think it's a piece of work that heals everyone watching
10,It was really good the whole time I saw it
10,I'll write a letter to express my feelings.
10,
10,
10,The reason why critics give you less stars is because of your low self-esteem?Did you even watch the whole series? Do you know how painful it is to make Annie go away? L
10,I cried with a mask on. I think it was sadder that the child preparing for the last time for his family and the way he expressed his sorry and gratitude to his friends were not forced, but because his emotions naturally conveyed. Soon I found Gilbert alive, but Violet's heartbreaking exterior and inner self directed so well that he didn't meet him, that I cursed Gilbert to my heartily. Still, it was touching and touching to see Violet's letter at the end and running to her with all her might. I love you first in front of her words that can't be connected to Violet's tears that burst after enduring it When he looked at Gilbert, he saw Violet crying sadly in his arms. It's really over now. I thought they'd be happy now. The directing, writing, and story were all perfect, so I was able to come out without any regrets.
10,It was great to watch the video and the story
10,
10,You're giving me both the drawing style and touching moments. I enjoyed it
10,It's a masterpiece that you can trust and watch
10,I showed him my son, and he said it was fun
10,It's so sad but I love it
10,The last cookie video was amazing^^
10,While looking at it, it's an exclamation point. What's this? It's a renaming.
9,
10,Violet Evergarden is really a great work with all the stories and videos of meost? Especially, it was good to see the story of Violet!
1,Otaku Ugh...crying
10,It's so nice
10,Thumbs up automatically when it's over
10,You have to watch the main TV version and see this to see that it is a good work You might not know if you just watch this
10,Daewon. I had a hard time because I had a runny nose and tears all the whole time I watched it. I'm going to be on the list of my favorite animations.
10,I watched it while crying. Make sure to watch it.
10,Video beauty is like a guarantee check...I liked the direction that intersected the past and the future, and the OST came out just in time.If I have time, I'd like to watch it again
10,It ended really well
10,Good Annie
6,I'm careful to leave this comment because my GPA is full of compliments.There are many male audiences at the theater, but there are many male viewers who left Naver ratings.I don't know why.The rating was almost in the 10-point range, so to leave a review of going to see it without any information, it was boring, and the content was clearly visible and the gloomy atmosphere was not good for me.The ending is loose.I'm surprised at how different the ratings are from me whether it wasn't just my type of movie, or if it's a movie that I know about Annie from the beginning and only my beloved fanatics watch it
10,I didn't even shed tears when I joined the army. I cried in 5 minutes.
10,It seems to be a masterpiece that unravels the sensibility of the loss of Japan's unique post-war aftermath into the heroine.From the perspective of watching animations, it's hard to hold grudges. It was an animation with no ending, but it seems to have ended well in the theater version.Composition and voice actors' acting skills are impeccable, especially the characters' facial expressions and harmony with the OST seem to express their unique desperate feelings.However, am I the only one who feels that Japan has a history and sentiment of self-reflection that suffered from the aftereffects of the nuclear ending after the attack on Pearl Harbor?
10,
10,Among the animations I've seen so far, it was very touching and affectionate.
10,Directing, acting, story, visual beauty, OST, touching index, perfect score. The first installment and the first installment were the build-up for this theatrical version. Violet Evergarden's perfect ending. I think that any more production will only scratch the work, and there is no more perfect ending. I've been happy Violet Evergarden, Kyo Animation. It's a perfect animated movie.
8,In fact, I thought it could be a little lack of concentration due to the mixing of multiple events and perspectives. I also felt that there were some parts where I sprained or acted. I feel that the video is inferior to Annie and the external script, but I understand it for a good reason. It was good to see changes and perceptions as the times changed, and I liked to see not only complaints but also good points.It was impressive to see that both of them were not okay when personal Violet met him. Rather than meeting each other in a clean way, I think meeting them in that way would be a necessary process for them. Compared to Annie, there were some disappointing parts, but other than that, I was really satisfied. It was a theater version where tears and smiles were built on Violet's happiness.
10,My tears didn't dry up from beginning to end. ㅠㅠ I was happy to see the scene I wanted to see until the end
10,I was going to hold back my tears but my nose was running, so I just watched it with tears in my eyes
6,Would it be fun to watch the original first?
10,I think it's a gift for those who watched the main and last movie
9,There's the last scene The ending credits are all up, holding hands and making a promise, so wait until the song is over
10,Top
10,
10,Written by "Awesome and Awesome" Sugoi
10,I was really sad from the middle, but I think it went well after seeing the ending.Although I watched it on the weekend. I want to see it again, but it was too bad that the theater near my house was screened only once between 14 and 15 on weekdays. If it was shown from 19:00 to 20:00 in the evening, 40,000 people would have watched it.
10,
10,
10,Really... Make sure to watch it. I don't have time to cry... The best...
10,Thank you so much for giving us a definite ending and Megabox for showing us
10,
10,Considering Violet's hard work, Major Gilbert seems to be OOO height.
10,It was good that I cried because I was good
10,Even during the long running time, my wife, who didn't know if it was a distant animation or a distant story, cried
10,Ah.. Daily life is impossible because of lingering feelings ㅠㅠ... It was amazing that everyone didn't get up to watch the last cookie video
10,I watched the movie version of "Annie" and "Violet" and I trusted it.I was so sad because of one child and it was good that the content was connected well.^^
8,The question of whether there should have been a story outside the frame. The production is complicated and the story is boring. It's a franchise called Violet Evergarden, so it's a shame that it's become an obvious new drama, not a touching one to hand over. On the contrary, they are kind enough to understand the story well even to the audience who are new to this movie without listening to this phone call, and they are well-made so that they can guess to a certain extent.
10,It's been a long time since I saw an animation.
10,It's like Kyoto animation. The drawing was beautiful.
7,It's the best.
8,The writing, directing, and OST were really great. It was enough to feel touched. The story was not bad, but it was obvious if it was a little predictable.  But it was very interesting and it is a highly recommended movie.
10,I watched it after booking because my daughter is a big fan of animation~Touched and moved^^
6,Bioretto Eva Garden. At this time of the year? I'm watching it while doing it, but each and every piece of writing is...It's just art... I hope it's made in 3D crying
10,I almost cried from the beginning I really enjoyed it
10,As expected... I trust Violet and it's the main story ㅜㅜ
10,I've had a hard time recently, but it was a comforting movie. If you watch it, you won't regret it. The story and the song were all perfect.
10,It was perfect그리고 And finally Violet became happy... I think it will be a movie that will never be forgotten
10,Thank you so much to the staff. And rest in peace. Don't forget I enjoyed it because of you guys
10,
10,My friend wanted to see me. I was like, "Do you want to watch a cartoon with a guy?" I was so dumbfounded, but the two of us came out crying.
10,I watched it with tears in my eyes. Even though it was a different ending from the original, it was so much fun
10,Just look... I really recommend it
9,I watched it with the kids and I cried
10,It's an amazing movie
10,Happy Violet and Gilbert and everyone!  All the staff members, thank you for your hard work. Thank you so much to those who left behind masterpieces. Have a lot of peace.
10,Oh, it was really good I'm so touched from the beginning to the end Thank you for showing us a beautiful work for two hours
10,It was so much fun! It was good to see some scenes where I cried
10,I cried, the person next to me cried, and I sobbed in the theater
10,
10,I'm touched. I recommend you to watch it
10,The nth episode... I'm touched even when I watch it again...
10,I always feel sad when I see Violet Evergarden.You can conclude that it's the most empathic animation!
10,There's a cookie, but it's passing by quickly, so look at the screen... My friend missed cookies while looking at his phone while listening to music ^^>
10,It's a bit over the top, but I've never seen such a beautiful, sad, and laugh in a movie in my life. It's wrong to go out and watch it in a movie theater, but if it comes out as a vod later, it won't be half as if I saw it in a movie
10,I'm going to watch it for the third time tomorrow
10,I'm so sad that this masterpiece ended...
10,
10,
10,I had a runny nose throughout the entire movieㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's a good movie. Fill in the blanks
5,It was supposed to be a sad series, and I played a role as the ending, but I failed to control the speed... It's pretty painful to watch him cry for two and a half hours
10,I am so happy that I can see the last picture with my own eyes even though it was frustrating in the middle
9,
8,As expected, the drawing was so greatI was satisfied with the ending that I had hoped for, but personally, I felt that my breathing during the climax was too long and my emotions were less connected
10,I'm so happy. I'm happy. Thank you
4,Apart from the inconvenient device of calling a woman a doll, the story is so obvious that it is full of new wave and stereo type. unnecessarily long running time I like cartoons, but this is too much. I really enjoyed watching "Let's Decorate the Flower of Promise" on the morning of parting.
10,She cried when she closed her eyescrying
10,Wow, there's no need for words Directing, writing, OST. Everything was perfect
8,The story that had nothing to do with the main progression broke the flow in the middle and interfered with the immersion. However, I think Violet Evergarden's story has ended brilliantly. The scene of jumping into the sea was the best scene. Cool violet!
10,If it was too sad, my friend and I took tissue paper and came out wearing tissue. The drawing was crazy and I believed in it
8,It was fun
10,
10,I watched the animation first and enjoyed it so much that there was no back story. I was really looking forward to it because it was coming out as a movie version. As expected, it was worth looking forward toI watched it twice because it was funHaha
10,It was fun. I cried a lot.
10,A masterpiece! I really recommend it!
10,
10,I didn't watch the animation, but I thought Yeoju was a machine. I understood the story, but it was easy to explain the past scene well
10,
10,If you've seen all of Violet Evergarden's works, you'll understand!It's easy to understand even if you don't see it, but ah I don't think it's possible
10,It was a movie that made me cry and cry when I saw the two of them hanging their fingers for three meals at the end and saw Violet jumping into the sea and going to see Gilbert. It was a movie that made me cry and cry when I asked her to go home without meeting me. What's unfortunate is that I wanted to see you two being friendly.
9,Although there was no eye-catching production unique to Kyoto Animation, the movie was calm beauty itself.
10,I cried twice...crying
8,a clean finish A little below the rank. A little above the rank.
10,The second half is legendary. You don't have to tell me...
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,I kept crying while watching it Make sure to watch it ㅠ
10,If you don't need words, you'll be blinded by tears at some point!
10,It's really the best.It's sad and beautiful. If you like sad and touching things, go watch it ㅜㅜ
10,I really enjoyed it.I cried a lot. I recommend you watch Annie first.That's how you're moved twice as much
10,
10,The drawing... It's amazing
10,I cried a lot while watching it. I really like the analog sensitivity of solving relationships through letters.Violet! You are willing to jump into the sea for your loved one.Yes, I can't help but say I love you.I hope you love us warmly Thank you very much.  I want to see you again.I want to buy Japanese version instead of dubbing version
10,"Kyo Annie". That's the end of course
8,
10,Major...
10,It was good to see good people Hah!
10,Watch this. Watch it twice, three times, four times
1,I was looking forward to it, but it's not fun
8,The story of the doll, which began with the story of the clients, ends with its own story.The late production was so excessive that it made me laugh even in the theater rented alone, but except for such minor points, it was a clean finish that did not disappoint.I would like to express my condolences once again to those who lost their lives in an accident.
10,I enjoyed watching it.The ending is good
10,Thank you for teaching me "I love you."
10,Original soundtrack. Everything is perfectㅜㅜ If you don't watch the animation, you can't understand it, but you can predict it roughly, so make sure you watch it
10,It still lingersI cried a lot for the ending scene of TV animation, but I can still feel the emotion from the beginningSurprisingly, the story of the two main characters doesn't make me cry.I cried my heart out after watching an animation for the first time in a while.Maybe it's because it's the last Kyoto animation? I'm thinking that some of the staff on CRAZY might have died
9,It was nice to wrap it up.
10,If you watched Violet Evergarden, make sure to watch it
10,Thank you for watching Kyoani crying
8,
5,I saw the rating and went with anticipation, but I was a little bored. I didn't know the original movie or animation at all, but personally, I dozed off at the movie theater영상The video and OST were good
2,I don't know if I had to do the story according to romance. I was disappointed when I saw the score
10,I cried a lot while watching the movie. It's the last screening, so I watched it in a hurry. Good. The music and video are beautiful.
10,Nam Joo's running speed is like Usain Bolt's
10,I can understand this even if I don't watch the animation. It's so touching and so good.
10,Even though it's exam period, it's not a waste of what I saw.This is the best thing I did this year.I was always comforted by watching Violet Evergarden, but this time, I think I cried more because I came to see it alone. Since I am a student, I don't have a chance to see you again.If there is a screening schedule on the weekend, I decided to go see it again with my friend! I wanted to collect all the perks because they were so pretty. Especially if you've seen Violet Evergarden from the beginning, the emotions in this work are amazing. It was a dreamlike time when I saw the movie theater and I felt like I was from that era and I wanted to hug and cry and laugh together.He cried from 10 minutes into the show. I think the staff and the staff were divided It was a bummer to see you saw it onceEven after the song ended, I was amazed by myself without going out until the song ended. Especially, the scene where you sing Violet, dive Violet, and reunite to the beach was really impressive and the snow was falling down from the time Yuris said he was in critical condition, but it exploded there.I was in trouble because my toes kept clapping진짜 I really hope to see you again on Netflix. I was so happy as a stingy person
10,I'm the first person to see a work called Violet Evergarden today. I've known the existence of the work for a long time, but I haven't had a chance to see it before. As a first-timer, yes, it's wonderful. This work showed the beauty of sincere letters and sincerity. When I saw this work, I thought that even if times changed and existing things declined or new things appeared, no means of communication could capture the sincerity of a person as much as a letter.
10,Not only the beauty of the movie, but also the storyline was perfect and the OST was great. It was an attractive movie where you can see Violet's growth in the movie
10,The scene of the last violet jumping into the sea and the OST flowing out overlap to give the best impression. If you haven't watched it, I strongly recommend that you watch it. Personally, I think it's the best animation movie of 2020.
8,I enjoyed itI cried while watching itI recommend movies
10,After the curtain falls, a gentle wave of emotion surrounds me
8,I cried three times while watching the movie. I don't remember from the beginning to the middle, but it was so much fun. From the story of Violet and Gilbert's individual human beings, the job of an automatic handwriting doll that unfortunately disappears into history due to the flow and change of the times, but it was great to add a story of a woman looking at the history of the past from a future perspective.It was so touching to see the wonderful job that everyone couldn't forget and the main character who had been in charge of it was made of stamps and stamped on the letter.
10,It's fun.
10,The ending was a little disappointing, but I think we can infer the ending of a happy ending. The quality of the drawing was so good, and the scene where Annie's touching story was compressed was also very good.This movie is so touching and it leaves a lot of lingering feelings, so I hope you watch it.
10,As expected, KyoAni...!!! The beautiful paintings from start to end, the good voices of voice actors, and the touching story are combined, so all you can say is that it is said to be the best work!!!
10,Violet Evergarden
10,
10,I can't help but look If you really don't watch it, make sure to watch it at least once
10,
10,It's an early movie, but I'm not tired anymore
9,It's fun, but the side story is more touching. It's a jade t-shirt.
10,
10,I can never forget the scene where Violet hits her thigh in the final recital The scene was very sad and sad and beautiful
10,There's no needless words! It's so touching!
10,It was touching from start to finish.I want to recommend it to my friend!If I had a friend...
10,
9,A great finish for existing fans
10,I think it was the ending that went well with Violet Evergarden.Violet, who had been expressing her feelings only straightforwardly, was overwhelmed by emotions in the beach scene and couldn't say what she wanted to say, so I loved the direction of punching her legs and conveying the frustration.
10,It's the best healing animation that doesn't need words. But if you haven't watched the series, you may not be able to enjoy it.
10,A movie that touches the heart with five beats. I thought my tear glands were breaking down. Especially, I was touched by the cookie video after the ending credit.
10,I watched it without thinking and cried
9,You have to watch the TV version to understand the story, so if you haven't watched it, watch the TV version. There were times when I didn't want to draw well, but I tend to do it properly when I need to put strength into it. There's a step roll and a scene at the end, so if you have time, watch it.I opened up the 2nd week perks and found the 3rd clear file lol
10,Just look at it. It's
10,It's so touching I don't think I was affected by COVID-19 more than I expected
10,I only watched movies without watching animations, but it is not difficult to understand at all, and the story and emotion are not as forced as other Japanese works.
10,It was really great. Not only Violet but also all the other characters were good, and I was so glad that the story inside came out. I want to say more, but I can't say it's a spoiler. Haha ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
2,I really don't watch it because Youngsoo told me to watch it, but it's a waste of money
1,Youngsoo's touching, fun, and acting is a mess
10,The movie is so touching.ㅠ
10,
9,It was so touching and the drawing was beautiful. However, I don't know if it was just my lack of immersion, but I think I would have squeezed out all my tears and runny nose if I had done better with other directing methods.
10,
10,Make sure to take tissuescrying
10,It's a bit sad but I'm very satisfied with the movie
1,Stop looking at things like Kwak Dongmyeong
10,I'll never forget the thrill of Violet jumping out of the boat during the milestone song
10,Sigh... I cried two or three times in between...I'm pretty good at holding it in...I had tears and runny nose in the last beach scene.A grown-up adult...ㅠㅠ It's a masterpiece crying
10,
10,It's so much fun. Kyohani, hit 10,000 times
10,The ending was the bestㅜㅜ
10,I don't like this machine.I've gotten better.
10,I came to watch it with high expectations. I did well as much as much as I expectedHaha
10,
10,The movie was good, but the fire alarm went off in the movie theater, so I evacuated in the middle and watched it again
10,
10,
10,very good very goodvery goodvery good
8,It may be difficult for people who haven't seen the animation to fully understand the story. But it gives you a rough explanation of the basics, so I think it's okay. I was sad because there were so many sad scenes in the movie. I think it would have been better to show the emotional growth process of violet. For your information, I heard that there was a cookie after the ending credit, and I saw it for about 5 seconds. If you're not a huge fan of Violet Evergarden, you can pass by^^
10,It was a truly "work" that was absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely absolutely nothing. I loved the fact that the letters that I forgot in modern society were sublimated so well into letters that people sent emotions that were difficult to convey to each other.
10,It's great. It's a beautiful video and moving animation.I recommend you to watch it.
10,It was also impressive to see the scenes in which they organized their minds by writing letters when it was difficult to convey in words and difficulties.
10,I really had a hard time holding back my tears. It was so touching and fun to watch!
10,
9,I can't concentrate because everyone next to me is crying
10,
10,I watched it without knowing the original, but it was a video composition
1,There are so many unnecessary elements of long running time that I don't know where to feel touched.The whole theater version is rather neat.Boring enough to sleep
8,The family story touched my heart.
8,The production was disappointing.
8,Movies to watch these days. It's nice that my heart is warm We only saw each other hate each other
10,Gilbert, you're so mean!
5,I came out because it made me cringe
10,The story is solid, the screen is pretty, and the song is good. It's a touching movie that makes you cry in the middle! The emotional part of the main character and the other characters are touching! I was especially touched by the part where the letter conveys important things!!
8,Yuris-ㅠㅠ Don't die
10,
10,Make sure to bring tissues.
10,The visuals are excellent. The story is just normal, but it's very good. It feels like a cool lump is over. As I enter my 30s, EVERGARDEN is over.
10,
10,Both the story and the story were perfect, and the men sobbed more It was a piece of art. It was brief but I was happy^^ Thank you
7,As Kyoani is, the beauty of the video is really satisfying. I could understand the meaning of every story, but it feels like too much content and characters overlap. There are also parts such as forced tears squeezing, focusing on emotion. Looking at the last story of Violet, there are many parts that are disappointing overall.
10,If you've seen Annie, you'll know, but it was a touching move that didn't require words. And the visual beauty that amplifies the emotional line was so beautiful. The last scene at sea. Fireworks. Violet's delicate facial expressions. You have to watch it no matter what
10,A movie with high satisfaction because a child enjoyed watching it. The most memorable scene is called "Thumbs Up."I was waiting to watch the last video, but it ended faster than I thought.
10,I can feel so peaceful and warm.I was happy. Thank you.We mourn those who left first in the fire. Thank you again.
10,It's really a masterpiece ㅜㅜ
9,It's a movie that lacks everything
10,A handkerchief is a must I'll take it with me
10,The video was really good
10,I shed tears and a runny nose ㅠㅠT
10,Dear Major Gilbert!
10,
10,As expected, Daisuke Namikawa's acting is the best. And the pendulum swings in this theatrical version really make me tear upㅜ
10,The story was so touching and nice, but the drawing was so beautiful It's kind of sad that it's like the last...
10,The tickets are expensive, but the pictures are so good. It was fun
10,I cried my eyes out.ㅠ
10,
10,It connects with the story from episode 10 of Violet Evergarden, and it was the most impressive story, so I couldn't help but be moved throughout the whole time! While watching it, I felt sad and strange emotions.
10,I'm so touched that I can't describe it in words.If you've seen Violet Evergarden, I hope you watch this moviecrying
10,
10,I cried so much that I looked at him
10,My makeup almost got erased because I put in a lot of emotions
10,I cried for the first time while watching a movie. Violet Evergarden...
10,I really don't need to say anythingGilbert and Violet are the best
10,It was a movie that made me cry after a long time.
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words I watched a lot of movies, but it is my first time to write a review.I have been crying and moved since the animation.This time, I was so moved without words.ㅜㅜ I hope it comes out in the theater version again ㅜㅜ
1,Oh, you'really
9,As expected, Kyoani... Thank you very much.Thank you for your last letterIf I said I love you more than that, it would have exploded. It was a shame. I just said I understand the meaning of "I love you" and there's no part where I say I love you directly to Gilbert. It's a shame.
8,It was worth seeing. The picture is pretty. The person next to me dozed off
10,I couldn't put it into words. Still, if you watch the animation first, it will maximize your emotions. (Sighs)
10,Three minutes after the movie starts, tears dripping...The story goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on
10,As a fan of Violet Evergarden, this is the best video clip ever. Every scene is just the best.
10,
10,It's touching. I almost cried.
10,It's so touching! I watched it twice because I missed you^^
10,
10,
9,I hope the fingers we face will be by each other's side
10,I recommend the best movie If you haven't seen this movie yet, it means there's still a reason to be alive Look at it now
10,This is "Violet Evergarden"
10,That's all I can say. Godzak
10,I had a hard time holding back my tears.
10,The story of the final chapter, the story that the fans wanted, was really desperate.
10,
8,
10,As expected, the bar is just touching. It's a masterpiece of my life.
10,It was the best It's my favorite animation, so I looked forward to it and watched it, but it was so touching. The direction and music were so good. In the second half, I cried a lot because I felt emotional ㅠㅠ It's sad that it's my last drama, but I think it's the best ending I was so happy to see Violet Evergarden Haha
10,
2,The Japanese puke sensitivity that makes a woman do simple repetitive tasks and then calls her "dol."I understand that a woman who grew up with a gun in the battlefield touched people's hearts with an emotional letter, but it's a typical Japanese otaku sentiment to talk with a pretty voice while wearing boots and dresses. I think that Japanese comics are becoming otakuyong because they only make these things. What do you do when the screen becomes beautiful and the music gets better with CG?
10,It's really funㅠ
10,It's an animation that doesn't lack.   It makes my nose tingle the whole time.   Writing, content, etc. are all good, but even for those who don't watch animations, it's good to see just one piece of art.   The aftereffects are really bad.   It's been a long time since a lot of love comedies came out, so it's not fun. But Violet Evergarden is a masterpiece for both animated films and theatrical versions. It's a shame that it's hard to expect a sequel. crying
10,First of all, Kyoani's extreme composition is still the same. You can guess the story from the preview, but he did a good job with the composition, the acting of the voice actors, and the atmosphere, and most of all, seeing Violet happy, that's enough
10,"I love you with all my heart"...
8,I'm a little sleepy, but I'm touched. The heroine looks like Luda. Songdo Megabox. November 19th at 22:00 p.m. The two Jinta who came to watch...Shut up and watch.
10,Still, I was satisfied with the high-quality composition and emotion, and personally, I cried while watching it. Before you watch the movie, I recommend you to watch a total of 14 animations and a special movie version first!
10,The movie I want to watch one more time... Violet Evergarden
9,It's been a long time since I've seen Annie It was really impressive
10,
1,Not funny
10,I watched it twice. See you again
10,Needless to say, the video stimulated the emotional line and it was a movie that deeply felt the meaning of having to deliver what was to be said when you were next to me. I hope you all take a look...
9,There's no other emotional animation I've seen recentlyEspecially in the second half, it hurts so much that I don't even dare watch it twice
10,The drawing is so pretty and the sound of high quality is so delicate that it heals me when I listen to it. I can feel that you've worked really hard.
10,I'm crying. I cried a lot. crying
10,If you've seen Violet before, make sure to watch itㅠㅠ I kept crying, but I forgot to take my handkerchief, so I kept wiping it with my sleeve...ㅋLOL The cookie video is really short and it's almost like an image, but I'm very proud when I watch it, so please wait and watch it!It's not easy at the end, but it's 5 points because it's really fun!
10,a heavy moving film If you don't watch the animation, you might be half moved.
10,You have to do this to use your emotions. Don't waste time. It's like an emotional textbook. It's a movie that makes a story that can be ordinary and special. It's okay if you don't watch the original animation, but I hope you enjoy it and watch it
8,There are three points to focus on I don't know why these two came out, but... It's still touching, but if you don't like useless plots, just skip it and watch. The scene where I meet Gilbert is beautiful and touching
10,Good. There's a possibility that way
10,It's been a while since I had an aftereffect. I want to see it again by myself.
2,No fun, 10 fans. Pretending to go poo
10,It was kind of a cliche storyline, but I liked the cliche and I think it was good to see it in the theater
10,
10,
10,the perfect finish of a long journey
10,
8,I think everything was good except that the story was too obvious.
9,
10,I've never been so touched while watching a movie.Top
10,After I happened to see it on Netflix, I had no idea that I would watch the movie version because it was so interesting I think it's an animation that ended with a perfect story and ending. It was one of the most regrettable animations I've ever seen Thank you.
10,If you don't see the best masterpiece of your life, Violet Evergarden, as Annie, you will surely regret it
10,It was memorable^  The background music is good, too
10,The story wasn't that sad, but I was about to cry. As expected, Kyoani...
10,My favorite is so perfect.
10,It was funny with "Bakaya". Overall, it's good
8,Good development but poor finish
10,The aftereffects are really coming.As much as I expected, it was really good.ㅠ
10,Please don't make this a movie ㅠㅠ
4,First of all, the probability of the inner feelings of love between Gilbert and Violet, which kept me curious, was not very sufficient on the TV version, which I believed would be shown in the final version of the series. However, the storyline that encourages the protagonist's awakening through the small story borrowed from the TV version was also revealed in the theater version, where the main story and the small story line could not naturally be combined and each story splashed out in a row, making it harder to immerse the story of Violet and Gilbert. If the theater version was made in the form of the final episode, it would have been better to embody Gilbert's pity for Violet, which was not shown on the TV version, so that the audience could understand it. In the current era when standardized animations are rampant, I was very happy to see an animation that was worth watching for the first time in a long time, but it's too bad that it ended so randomly at the end. However, I was surprised every time I saw the visual beauty. I want to say that the visual beauty is the best.
10,The process of a report becoming a letter re-enlightens the meaning of life.
10,If you don't watch it, make sure to watch it The left one is a masterpieceㅜㅜ...
1,It's like watching a Chinese mass production game
10,It's a glowing rockfish.
10,I like the happy ending, but I want to see more sweet things between the two of youGUYO ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Be happy
8,It was a movie that OST and writer carried. Personally, I teared up during Bustory Yuris. At the end, it was also Japanese styleLOL It's a bit of a drag.I thought this is how it turned out
10,This cured my dry eyes.
10,
10,Needless to say, it was a touching movie I've been watching this for a long time I want to pick the best movie I've seen this year for its overwhelming composition and visual expression
10,
10,Hey! [Really]!
10,Video beauty and touching story
10,
10,I want to see it one more time.I might go see my plan again.
10,It was a perfect ending.
10,If you watch this movie after watching both the TV series and the foreign film, you can be very impressed, so I think it is a great ending to the story. It is a masterpiece animation that raises the heartstrings after a long time.
10,A movie that ends the Violet Evergarden story.
10,I've been a virtue for over 30 years, but isn't it too much to be No.1 among all the animations?
10,It's so good... I recommend it
10,The drawing is as pretty as the last story I'm so glad I could see this in the theaterㅠ
10,Gilbert was so frustrated in the middle that he cried and cursed saying that he looked like a sweet potato.And it was better because it felt like Violet's feelings were revealed better than the main episode. I think it showed the growth of the main character. I cried because Violet's request for ghostwriting was so sad, and it was good because it showed the change of the times moving. The ending may be seen as obvious, but it seems to have been a more perfect end.Sometimes the obvious ending is perfect. I think Violet Evergarden is just like that.
10,I found my life movie here that I could cry while empathizing with all the characters at every moment.
10,The work with high expectations is a bit disappointing.Violet is one of the few works that met the highest expectations. I'm satisfied with the detailed production that will leave a lingering impression even if I watch it many times, the proper backstory of the animation characters, and the factors that are properly heavy and deep-thinking.The most disappointing thing is the predictable development and ending.
9,It was a movie that wrapped up the story of Violet Evergarden well. The story was so touching that I cried ㅠㅠ Also, the drawing style is so pretty and the voice actors acted so well that I was able to focus from beginning to end. But what was unfortunate was that there would have been more behind-the-scenes stories of the main character at the end.  But it was a movie that I really enjoyed watching^^
10,I love it. Be happy forever, Violet Gilbert
10,It was a movie that touched my heart, including directing, visual beauty, OST, and trying to convey something small but really precious. Violet Evergarden was the best work of my life that made my life move again.
10,
10,My eyes, my heart, and the audience next to me cried until their faces were red
10,Let me just say one thing. Make sure you take your handkerchief.
9,It may be a little cliche, but the character Violet was enough to encompass everything.
10,Every single scene is pretty and I want to go see it again ㅠㅠ 마지막 So touched by the last scene
10,The end of the grand finale. Please keep the words you want to say to your loved ones.Whether it's a word or a letter, it's so precious and thankful.
10,Each scene is touching, and when the OST comes out, I was so touched that I cried four or five times while watching the movie. The story and direction are trustworthy enough to hear everyone sobbing in the theater. I'm planning to go watch it for 2 or 3 weeks because I don't think I'll get sick of it.
10,I was touched after a long time. It was a story that made me shed tears from beginning to end. As a fan, I think the ending was perfect.^^ It was a great movie version. It was good that it connected well with the TV version, and the composition was great like Kyoani. It's a bit long, so I recommend that you don't drink anything before you see it. Take your handkerchief.ㅠ
10,
10,I'm 28 years old and it's my first time crying while watching a cartoon.It's the movie of my life movie.
10,It was so touching
10,I started crying in the middle... At the end, my tear glands dried up.
10,It's true that the quality we wanted disappeared because of the arsonist Most people pointed that out, and it wasn't the story we wanted because the main director, the color veterans, died There's no love story in the novel, and there's no marriage scene. It's amazing that you've made even a little bit of acting with the voice actors who act emotionally, even if it's shortMaybe you'll just settle for a novel or maybe you'll put it on Blu-ray later, but I respect you for making it with a poor composition Just as webtoons change their vocabulary, Violet was the same, but thank you for replying to our fans' support
10,It's worth waiting for I feel like my heart is full That's the best
10,It's my life piece You have to watch it no matter what
10,It's the best. I'm going to watch it again.
4,I went to see it because I heard it was a posthumous work of Kyoto animation, which was a sad incident.There are about 10 visitors on a weekday evening.I watched the Violet Evergarden episode 2/3 first, so I understood the extension of the storyI told the group to prepare to be moved & tearful to feel the weather's name, but the result was nothing but video beauty. (Im Young-mi...) I was sorry that it seemed to lead me to be moved. (If I killed a dead person quickly & where was the touching letter?) My emotions must have been too dry. I'm sorry, but I don't understand the rating of nine at all.The party dozed off in the beginning...
10,Except for the ending song, everything was so good
10,
10,Tissue... Make sure to take it
10,Pinky promise
10,It's the best movie everㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,You took out the tears last time, but you took one step out again this time.It's so touching. It's not a waste of money.
10,No matter how advanced technology is, I don't think it's possible to convey people's true feelings Because she has no feelings and she tells me what she couldn't do
10,We have to see the end of Violet
8,It was nice because it felt like it was finished neatly.
6,A completely closed ending without thinking about the lingering feelings of the directors who couldn't cut it without explaining everything. There are two additional items (with little influence on the main story), which can only be said to have been put in to secure running time. All of this is covered up with a detailed description of beautiful visual beauty and the emotions that explode at the moment.
10,It was such a beautiful, touching, and happy movie!Especially when Michishirube came out in the second half, and Gilbert and Violet met, I think they shed a few months' worth of tearscrying
10,I want to see you at least three more times Drawing and directing is the best
10,He wrapped up the story wellI want to see more happy reviews, but I will leave it as a lingering impression.
10,...I just loved it. An amazing ending.
1,Oh, the smell of chewing
10,I didn't miss anything from the beginning to the end.
10,Good, good
10,I think it was the best movie I've ever seen in my life, not recently. Will you compensate me for the new price I bought because the mask is wet?
10,
10,If the TV legend story comes out from the start, it's a clean development and a clean finish, so I watched it well When you enter, make sure to use tissue
10,Will there be an animation like this in the future?
9,As if I saw love at the end of the century, this is the end of love in my life.
10,I haven't seen it yet, but it's a movie version that Jae likes, so it's very good
7,I've been waiting for a long time because I just wanted to see Violet that made me happyIt was a bit of a clicheI couldn't give you much satisfaction with the development that changed from the original
10,Violet Evergarden
10,I was so into it from the beginning to the end. Thank you so much! The last cookie video was so fruitfulㅠㅠ If you're a fan of Violet Evergarden, make sure to watch it!
10,
10,I was moved, but I didn't cry It was a bit disappointing because I rented a movie theater by myself. Look at Kyoani. You can trust and watch it. The ending is a bit disappointing
10,The Reiwa Period, a movie that showed the grandeur of Kyoany's robustness. Thank you to Kyoani for telling us the touching story that touched our hearts even amid the unsavory incident at Kyoani headquarters last year and the coronavirus that hit the world this year. Since it deals with the completion of the work called TVA Violet Evergarden, I hope you watch the TVA first and watch the theater version.
10,The previous movie had a special feeling, but this movie has a story
10,With the completion of the radio tower, the era of mail ends and the era of phone calls begins, and the agony and pain of the two, which are not properly conveyed by letters, meet and talk to each other beyond a long wait.
10,Annie, who was so touched, Gilbert, who was everything to Violet, who had nothing, had unlimited guilt for using weapons and hurting her while protecting her on the battlefield, and loved her as much as she could when she was reunited It was so cool, sad, and touching that Violet, who met the Major she had hoped for so much, now knew countless emotions and grew into a wonderful person more than anyone else. It's an unforgettable piece. I'm so sad that it's the last story that you can't see anymore! I want to keep it for a long time and see it!
10,I was very satisfied with the production, voice actor, and story.Especially when Violet and Major Gilbert approach each other, the background music of "Lee Jung-pyo" gives me goosebumps and I still remember that scene and the background music Haha
10,It's still sentimental Violet and Gilbert must have been happy...
10,Kyoto Animation is the best!
10,Two hours, a couple of times in between, a little teary.
10,
10,It was the best in every aspect. It's a waste of money
10,It's been a really long time since I cried while watching it
10,Annie went to see it for painting and violet
10,It was great. It's sad to end, but if there's an after-story,
10,
10,I cried for the first time at the theater.It was a good story even though it was different from the original story, not to mention the composition of the Takyo Annie.I use OST that fits perfectly with the situation
10,I want you to be fooled and watch it
10,It was really fun, sad, and touching Please watch it at the theater I cried
10,Those who see Violet Evergarden for the first time may not understand what's going on in the beginning. In fact, it may change from the past to reality, and there is a new story in it, and the connection may not be smooth. It can also be criticized as a "catch-and-take" method. But I think the process is also a device that relieves the boredom of the movie, which runs for a long time of 2 hours and 30 minutes. I don't think it could be more beautiful if Violet had lived and empathized with only this main character.
10,I'm sorry I didn't see the last scene. The scene of jumping into the sea from a ship was amazing, but it was touching
10,The critics... please... If you hadn't seen the original...Don't judge me
10,
10,The movie version of the heart-warming love ending of a wounded man and woman.
10,It's so nice and touching. As expected, I love my favorite Violet. It's so touching ㅠㅠ
10,I really liked it, but there's a bit of a boring But the drawing is the best
10,It was so touching and I cried a lot at the theater ㅠㅠ The water is dripping...It was so much fun Is this an animation?I've never cried this much in a movie theater.The ending of the story is not awkward. It's so nice. It's so neat. The OST goes well with the movie. It's so sentimental. I'm really going to watch it again. I love you a major
10,I thought I would cry, so I bought tissues, but I cried a lot.
10,
10,
10,
10,It's crazy...crying
10,The best movie in recent years.  It is a posthumous work containing the tears of Kyoani, who had dozens of people left in the Tokyo arson attack.
10,Thank you for making a big hit even though there was a real Kyoani arson attackㅠㅠ The movie version is crazy♡
10,
10,It's enough for me to go see it It might be hard for those who are watching the movie for the first time, so it would be better if you watch Anne's episode and watch the movie
10,It's sad that we can't see each other anymore
10,It's so great that people who haven't seen the beautiful animation feel sorry for it
9,Anime that really makes me cry. However, it made me cry so much that I failed to control the speed at the last highlight. I get sick of chicken after eating it three times, but this restaurant echoes with unlimited refills.
10,Everything's perfect. itself
10,It was really impressive hehe
10,It was really impressive.You have to watch the best animation movie. You have to watch it even if you didn't!!!Thumbs up and finger promise. I cried a lot.ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I cried a lot and came outㅠㅠT
10,Wow, I had a hard time holding back my tears Everyone was so quiet that they covered their mouths with fists and jumped into the sea at the end But it was beautiful, so I can understand... Story and directing video. Perfect beat ㅠㅠ
10,
10,It was the best. Thank you
10,I was really sad because I knew the story
10,It's sad but I think it ended well ㅠㅠ...
10,The screening time was long because the amount of footage that will be released in the second period was combined, but the story was still very good. It was amazing that the first story was connected to the part that was already aired. I think I was sadder because I saw the story that was already aired I was really sad.The person in front, the person in the back, and the person next to me cried ㅠㅠ
10,
1,I don't watch animations. I tried hard to watch a movie for objective review, not as Annie, because I was dragged by my friend. Stuffy development, forced to squeeze the juice... It reminds me of the movie collateral that was released recently. What do you mean, this disposable movie has a rating of 9 points? I give you 1 point to match the average. I was dragged to see your name because it was a masterpiece, but I feel again why Annie is treated as a league, their own emotions, and minor in our country.
10,My mask is also wetTake care of the extra lol
10,Make sure to watch it! I'll stop here.
10,
10,Violet ㅠㅠ who helps others by learning the emotions of life's work
10,I hope a lot of people watch all of the series. It's a production that has everything from drawing, acting, story, and me OST.
10,Wow... I'm glad I brought tissues
10,If UFE Blu-ray comes out, I'll buy it.I'll buy two...I'm going to buy it.
10,Violet's visit and meeting Major was so beautiful and touching that I kept crying in between ㅠㅠ It's the best animation ever! The movie version of Violet Evergarden is the best ^~^
10,The movie made me want to say "I love you" to my family again after watching the movie ㅠㅠ
10,I cried a few times while watching. The tearful story that came out on the TV version was recalled and I cried, and I cried a lot of other times.The story of the TV version ended well.And the thumbs up and finger hanging were impressive, too.
9,There are cringe-worthy scenes in between, but... The delicate visual beauty and touching story are impressive. It feels like I should not spare the words "thank you" and "I love you
10,I thought I was the only one who cried, but everyone was crying. I don't regret it!
10,I was so busy crying. Everything from 2020's best movie to story, music, background, and detailed elements was perfect.
10,Lee Si-guk, go inside for a second
10,We've wrapped up the story well
10,
10,I watched it for the last scene. Oh, handkerchief ㅠㅠ
9,I enjoyed it. Personally, I think the last movie was more immersive than this one. Of course, this movie was not bad
10,The direction that doesn't leave out anything... I'm sick of it.
10,It's my first time crying after watching a recent cartoon. I highly recommend music touching and wonderful composition.
10,It was great.It's a good thing I took the best handkerchief!I was really sad because I thought we would break upIt's so touching when we jump off the boat and go to Sojwa. We both like it♥♥ I'm so happy!!!!It was totally good...I love you
10,I can feel the humanity of Violet from all the series I've seen, and I can see that Violet knows the true "I love you" and what true love is
10,Sadness. Very sad.Mask replacement is urgent...
9,It seems to be a matter of directing rather than writing, but I think it would have been better if the directing supported Violet's emotional line. I think I was expecting too much, but it was a really moving, very neat finish.  I heard the sniffling sound in the movie theater for the first time in a while
10,
10,It's a good ending Haha
10,The touching OST was added to match the story to maximize the touching. I became honest with my emotions and cried. It's really the best. I can't miss anything about the beauty of the painting
10,It would have been nice if there was a scene where they dated and got married like the original, but it's so sad that the process of meeting only came out that I wanted to convey for many years after meeting themㅜ
10,I cried a lot when I saw it.ㅠㅠ!
10,From composition to story, it's solid. It's a masterpiece. I watched it for the first time in the theater version, but I cried a lot ㅠㅠ I really want everyone to watch it
10,I cried while watching it with my friends, ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch the real life animation!! ㅜㅜ If you don't see it, you'll regret it
10,While I was watching it, it felt like a piece of art Writers' souls were seen in the production and directing I watched the last sea scene with my mouth open.I was worried that the back story wouldn't come out after watching the animation, but thank you so much for making the movie version Although it is sad that the story of Violet has ended since this movie, I think it will always be in my heart and will be remembered... I want to see you again already
10,Kyoani left behind the legacy of mankind.It's perfect without insects.)
10,
10,There's no need to say anything. It's touching for a fan
10,It's Kyoani's Violet Evergarden
10,Even though the sad scenes were expected to unfold, tears came out to the point where I couldn't control my emotions, and the ending was the best.
10,It was a beautiful piece until the very end.However, many people sniffed so much that their concentration decreased.
10,Wow! If you were sad, Violet, be happy!
10,I couldn't look around when my brothers were sniffing everywhere.
10,a warm film that wraps up the series neatly
10,There's no need to talk about the original sound track.
10,Really... I watched all the animated films that I'm famous for, but you left an animation legend with your name. Though it's a series of composition and voice actors, it's very neat and I think you did a great job collecting the bait Especially while watching this movie, I cried so much that my head hurts. I can see that the writers went to their souls. The scene of getting rained on, the water, and the expression of the sunset were so beautiful that I thought that was an animation I want everyone to watch this animation before they die I'm going to see how long I've been waiting to hear Gilbert say "I love you." I'm going to go see you next week. I'll be there with a lot of tissues
10,There's no need for words.Make sure you take a look. Oh, tissue is essential... Sweaty eyes...
10,I'm glad she's happy now. She cried a lot.
10,
10,
10,From the beginning to the end, everything was beautiful.The ending that I wanted to make...
10,It's the best movie ever.It was so touching and fun that 2 hours and 30 minutes didn't feel boring or long, but rather it was already over.If you haven't seen it, go watch it right now!
10,The best movie of my life with the most moving and outstanding visual beauty
10,Later, I cried so much that I couldn't cry.ㅠㅠ The scene where Gilbert goes to meet Violet and the music is combined, so I was very moved작Composition, music, story, everything has become a movie of my life!
10,
7,The simple and elaborate production stands out. The characters' emotions are eventually conveyed in a straightened state. The flow of the story is obvious, but it strikes in. This part is similar to Pixar's animation Coco.
10,
10,You might cry while watching it
10,There's no Annie more perfect than this crying
10,From the beginning to the ending, it was so perfect
1,The production-type cliché is cringe-worthy. It's like watching a cheap pirated cartoon from China
10,
10,I watched B.A.F., but it was the most touching and showed the power of KyoAni! I hope there's a Violet Paraller series! One of the best movies of the year!
10,It's warm. Finally, thank you  I love you.
10,The perfect ending of Violet Evergarden... I don't know how to express it other than this.
10,Shut up. It's crazy
10,The movie version was more than I expected! It was a little different from the original, but I strongly recommend it! Look at it two or three times!LOL
10,
10,I feel like I became an appetizer with a touching theme. To the climax. Good.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel like I went on a trip together as a typewriter for Violet.Make sure to watch it's a lot
10,The production and production is crazy and touching. Everyone comes out saying "Wow!" Make sure to watch it
10,Take one more mask The mask is all wet ㅠㅠ There's a cookie video, so please wait and watch it
10,Tears... Crazy. I was a little disappointed in you, Major, but I'm glad it ended well
10,The best masterpiece. It's a loss if you don't watch it
10,
10,It's so much fun ㅜㅜ At the end of the day, the sea of tears...
10,
10,It's really touching...Make sure to watch and watch the 1st GEN theater version on TV.It's a movie that really costs more than money.ㅠ
10,A beautiful ending to my life
10,Violet Evergarden, directing, and story acting were all good
10,I was impressed with Violet and remembered that it was still a masterpiece, but this movie is still a masterpiece. Among all the animations I've seen, was there anything that was completed with a TV version and finished with a theater version? Kyoto animation is the best
6,Perhaps because I had too high expectations, I didn't cry and left the movie theater with disappointment. The sounds and vibrations of other theaters and the sounds of glasses to wipe away tears may have added an external element that cut off concentration on the way. However, if you evaluate the work alone, it can be seen as a touching reunion between Violet and Gilbert once you look at the main story of this work, that is, the theme. This is simply what the audience has been waiting for, from the TVA to the present, Violet has gained experience as a stone, and continues to think of Gilbert in the process to get to know "I love you" and deliver "I love you" to him. However, in the process, an episode goes in the middle, and I think this made the development ambiguous. The episode was a cliché similar to Anne's episode, hoping that the dying child would deliver a letter of his honest thoughts after he died because he was disingenuous to his family and friends. However, I couldn't leave a letter to my friend and put it off to the next time. This is how Violet was told that she didn't want to meet Gilbert, and then she intervened, drawing attention to the child's letter in the conflict with Gilbert, and I couldn't help but be disappointed. The dramatic escalation of external and internal conflict between Gilbert and Violet completely cut off and moved on to the end of the episode. In addition, the content of the child's episode was less touching. This reminds me of the previous theatrical version of Amy Episode. Unlike the fact that it only dealt with Amy's episodes, I think it was not enough to empathize because it felt like a bonus episode. I think it was really well made in terms of directing. The direction that made me guess the emotions of Violet made me admire it. The scene where I jumped into the water at the end was a bit too much, but... And to pick one more thing that was disappointing, it would be Gilbert's voice actor's acting skills. In addition to
10,I got goosebumps when the song was playing in the last scene
10,
10,It is a theater version that neatly wraps up the story of Violet Evergarden.  I enjoyed watching it for a long time of 140 minutes. Overall, everything is great, but the drawing and visual beauty of the sea scene are really pretty... The TVA was also famous for its pretty paintings, but since it's a theater version, the colors and paintings stand out even more.
10,
10,
10,The process of talking about how to convey the truth, the story in the process, and the emotional line were good. In particular, it was good to see the flow of time when letters and phones were combined with each other as technology gradually improved. However, it was a pity that the relationship between the main characters felt different from what I saw in the previous animation.
10,
10,It was really fun. I'm afraid I'll have an aftereffect ㅜㅜ
10,There were many beautiful and touching scenes.
10,It was so touching. I held back my tears and went to the bathroom after the movie and cried. ㅠㅠ
10,
10,I really looked forward to it and it was more than I expected!
10,ㅠㅠ I can't see the movie because of my tears ㅠㅠ
10,
10,When is Blu-ray coming out?
10,
10,As a person who really likes real Violet Stories and compositions, make sure to watch the movie version!I enjoyed watching the movie because all the episodes in the movie were coming out. I went to watch it with my real friend, and all the women and men in the front and back seats sobbed
10,It was a good piece of work that didn't disappoint the holiday.
10,Time to go to the bathroom...
10,It was an impeccable movie It's sad that it's over
10,
10,I miss Noh JjangㅠㅠT
10,
10,I don't need words.There is nothing missing. I cried for the first time while watching an animation.
10,The visuals are so pretty! I can see that you really cared about the picture. And I think I evoked emotions well by using music properly. Violet Evergarden is not likely to come out any more. I'm afraid this is the last time ㅠㅠ. Violet's human side is so nice to see. I'm happy that I'm happy and I think I'm left with some lingering emotions
8,I think the production itself was more touching for eternity and automatic handwriting, but it is meaningful that it marked the end of the Violet series. warmheartedness
10,I don't think it's the story that I thought of from the beginning, so it feels like we planned it, but it's touching and quality. I think it's a perfect ending Thank you for the fun
10,This is where I'm going to lie. No more words are a luxury...! (If you watched the actual episode, make sure to watch this!))
10,At first, I thought about watching it with the children without thinking, but after booking, I went to the theater and watched the movie.I watched it without thinking as if it was nothing much until the beginning, but at some point, I fell in love with the inner song while concentrating and was touched by it for the first time in a long time until the end.
10,A handkerchief is a must and touching is a bonus
10,It was a touching animation that I couldn't watch without cryingThat was great
10,The clean ending, double-track recovery, directing, and voice actors' performances stood out. It was a really beautiful movie.
10,The animation was fun, but the movie version was also fun and touching
10,
10,진심으로.
10,This Annie doesn't need to say muchㅠㅠ 후유 He's suffering from aftereffects.
10,It was worth waiting for so long. Top
2,I'm tearing up. It's a healing Friday night
10,Wow... It was so sad and touching. I don't know what kind of review I don't know.내 This heart of leaving Violet, who was like my daughter, is as heavy as Lieutenant Colonel Hodgins, but I'm glad it's Evergarden, where there will be only happy days ahead. I don't remember exactly, but in the book, "The truth is, right now. "I can't deliver it unless it's this time." That line was so touching. We tend to miss a lot of things in our lives, and I think this work helps us find meaning in it. I think I can now tell people around me the warm sincerity that comes from my heart. I wrote it for a long time, but if I don't write it like this, it won't go away.ㅠㅠ Above all, KyoAni did her best to create the theater version of Violet Evergarden despite the tragic event. Thank you so much. I think I'll remember this work forever.
2,I enjoyed watching Miyazaki Annie and I chose her because I liked her rating. It's not my cup of tea; it's an exaggerated story, the emotions of the characters who don't agree. Did I expect too much from Annie?
10,
10,I can cry for 140 minutes.
10,It was so touching that I enjoyed it.
10,It's just... ㅜㅜ My life's work. I hope you all watch it at the theater
9,
10,It was so nice. I'm grateful to Kyoani for making this great work. If you didn't watch it, make sure to watch it.
10,
10,It's just a masterpiece. Even if you don't cry, you cry once. I don't usually cry, but I cried twice
10,I cried while watching it from the start to the end.ㅠㅠFrom blank violet to violet full of love, I was so touched by your growth.The movie reaches the peak of emotions, so if you have time, it'll be even better if you watch the previous one
10,It leaves a deep impression. It's something I want to cherish
10,I cried in the theater after a long time.Don't forget to bring tissues!
10,
10,It's fun. It's very fun Make sure to watch it
10,Oh, my. Oh, my. Kakarimasu!
10,I was so touched in the second half. The audience around me sobbed, too
10,The reason why all the points are spread out is because all of them are in this movie
10,Who told me to make a movie version? I told you to put in all 2nd generation! If you're going to do this, make 2nd generation!
6,It's the height of the new school. Starts with a new wave and ends with a newpa
10,Thank you for a great piece of work.
10,There's nothing missing.ㅠㅠ It's touching... It's sad... I was very sentimental when I watched the animation, but I want to watch the movie again and again.
10,
9,"I love you," a healing word for a destroyed civilization
10,
10,It's so sad. I watched it today, but I'm going to get fired thinking about the movie version
10,I think almost all of the scenes where the character cries.I just gave up on wiping it off because I was crying so much towards the end.It's a bit complicated because there's a lot of stories, but it's connected to violet, so it's a clean finish.
10,He's crying I recommend you to watch it
10,It's a loss of life if you don't look at it structurally.College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT) D20 Choice Without Regret
10,It's a very moving ending, and the OST is good, too
10,
10,Directing, acting, story, everything is 10 points. I'm worried about the Blu-ray war, but...
10,It's my life annie. If the best Annie of the 2010s is your name, I can confidently say Violet Evergarden of the 2020s! There's a lot of talk about being a head-to-head, but Violet Evergarden ended very delicately and brilliantly. In addition, the overall theme of connecting human emotions felt to soothe the fatigue and depression accumulated through COVID-19. I recommend it to people who don't like animations because it's so beautiful. It was calm and nice without any awkward scenes. I'm going to watch it again around next week. I strongly recommend it again!
10,Out of all the violet, I thought it was the ending, but this is how it really ends영상The video was great, so make sure to bring tissues!I thought the last video was going to be longer, but it was just one scene. But I'm still very gracious. I'll endure it.
10,a feeling of being swept away by emotional waves in a boat
8,I definitely ordered jajangmyeon, but jjamjamyeon came out. It was good, but what I wanted was jajangmyeon.It's not jjamppong.
10,
10,It's just the perfect ending to the perfect series. It's not a waste of money and time
10,Really... I think it'd be nice if there were more behind-the-scenes stories if you expressed and kept the words to be a person worthy of your name, but I think it ended well because you made it wellㅠㅠ I think I cried for 2 hours
8,an unexpected story So I like this movie
10,It's very touching and the ending is beautiful
10,It's just the best. I only watched up to episode 5 of Violet Evergarden, so I cried
10,Thank you for being able to see this kind of movie this year.
10,I just went and wept. It's a work that tells me that my emotions are not dry.
10,Even if the form changes. I can feel your heart.in some form or form
10,I had a hard time holding back my tears in the middle of the movie.
10,
10,
10,
10,After the last song, there's a cookie video, so you have to watch it! You can't go ㅠㅠ I still remember Gilbert hugging Violet 길 The part Gilbert said to Violet was so touching I cried while watching it... You have to watch it crying
10,Anime that requires tissue. It's not a secret that I'm hanging my finger at the end.It was a work where I could feel the warmth from my heart. ^-^
10,I ran to see it on the first day of its release.또I'm going to watch it again! Even if you keep looking at it, the touching tsunami
10,ㅠㅠ I want to see more behind the scenes stories
10,The king of sentimental animations.It's more touching when you watch the main episode.
10,It was so, so, so, so good! Make sure to wait and watch the video before you come out!
8,When Gilbert said he was alive, it was a pity that there was no special twist or impact like the reason why he couldn't meet Violet. When Violet visited him, it would have been much better to say that Gilbert had already met another woman, had a baby, and was living well. LOL
10,I was healed of the difficult moments of this year by drawing as if I were breathing alive and directing as if I were bursting.
10,I binge-watched it because of the movie version... Anyway, I watched the movie version today, and it stimulated my tears from the beginning. I was really sad.I thought I was the only one crying, but people were sniffling, so I cried at ease ㅠㅠ (I want to do the ending video as the background.))
8,Three hours is long. It was hard to watch this on the previous day
10,It's a work that everyone will like regardless of age or gender! I wanted to be an animator, so I was a fan, but when I focused on studying, I kept crying Qㅠㅠ The last cookie video was perfect It's a masterpiece that's worth the money, so there's nothing wrong with it It was nice to finish the story neatly, and the overall time zone change and all the directing was great It's the best movie that can only be seen in Japanese animations. It's still lingering!! I'm going to see you again because of the privilege!!!
10,Good, good. Thank you for recommending Violet Jjang ㅜㅜ Netflix algorithm
10,A piece that's really cheating. a work to be kept
8,Surprised that it's more complete than I thought
10,It's so nice. It's even more touching to see it in the theater
2,In the current situation, Japanese animation
10,There were a lot of stories on PV, so I didn't expect much about the story, and I liked the organized composition. In addition to the meeting between Gilbert and Violet, the story of Yuris, who can concentrate, was also touching. The characters from the TVA are also very small, so there are traces of Kyo-Ani's care for her fans. Not to mention the composition that makes me wonder if I can improve the quality beyond this, but the OST that fits the direction of the characters as if they were alive and moving was great. 140 minutes passed in a blink of an eye.
10,
10,It's very interesting. But if you don't watch the original, you might not understand the past
10,
10,If I had a feeling of love, I would have been happy if I said it earlier. It was so touching
10,
9,Violet, you're safe to jump off a ship that high, Gilbert.Why are they rolling their bodies so recklessly ㅠㅠ
10,I heard a lot of people crying on Euris Story
6,The part where the affection that I have endured meets is too short and quiet. It would not have been regrettable if it had been led to the story from the perspective of the two, but it is also regrettable that the flow of the background has set the time.
10,You don't cry even if the movie is like this? "Are you not crying?" It's ringing, but I'm already crying in the previous scene.10 points is not enough. We need to give 100 points
10,What a wonderful Annie. You can eat half of it and go in.
10,No words needed. It's just a masterpiece of my life. I don't think there's a reason not to look at this.
10,
10,I'm still impressed with the movie
10,Violet Evergarden, which touches you through a medium called letter. It doesn't matter if you cry while watching. Everyone is crying, so don't worry about it's okay?
10,I watched it because I won the event. Make sure to watch it! Everyone is crying!
10,
10,
10,The rain scene...The scene where you jump into the ocean...No words needed ㅜㅜ
10,I waited for 7 months, but my wish came true. It was more touching than I thought.
6,Well, to be honest, the story has to be pointed out, and the connection between Gilberto and Violet during that long running time is so bad. Yuris Story? It's touching and sad, but if it's not something that needs to be there, the scene where the two of them run and reunite at the end was good I can only think of this scene. I thought I was going to see the last half of the show after the reunion, but I didn't like it. It was already out of the box, but I messed it up by putting in another story, and it felt like I was watching TVA
10,It's a masterpieceIf you've seen the animation, make sure to watch it
10,Wow, that's amazing
10,I was happy to be able to see all of my life's animation theaters where all of my work, composition, sensitivity, and music were perfectly good
10,ㅠㅠ Live a happy life with Major Violet!  I miss you again  Don't leave right after the end  You'll see something amazing after the song
10,
10,If you watched this animation, make sure to watch it
10,
10,It was a relief that there was an extra mask.
10,
10,I really like the composition and it's touching until the end. Make sure to watch it at the theater. The video quality from the big screen is amazing
10,
10,Writing, directing, music...It's been a long time since I fell in love with anime since I was a cowboy in middle school.The power of Japanese animation, which is still strong and solid even if the Japanese culture, which used to be popular, subsides with the impression of more than be-bop.
10,The scene where you keep walking at the end and the lyrics of the song that comes out at the same time are implied in the sequel
10,
10,I couldn't stop crying, so my mask got wet His acting was the best. The video was great. It was so touching
10,
7,It's hard to recommend because it's less than a video. Try your best to watch it till the end.
10,I enjoyed it A great finish! It's a great finish!
10,I'm so lucky to be born in an era where you can see these great works.
10,
10,It's the best. It was a time of touching and healing that reminded me of the meaning of "I love you"
10,It's hard to hold back my tears...
10,You can't watch it without tears Make sure to watch it. I'll have to watch it one more time crying
9,I enjoyed watching it. It's nice to get a perk
10,I've never cried this much this year.
10,
10,Everyone, make sure to watch itAnd take another mask. I can't stop crying
6,This sexual love is a little
10,I didn't know that you said that you run really fast was a double track
10,I just liked everything.The end
10,Is this a movie? It's a work of art.
8,The plot is really good, but the main actor's acting skills were a bit disappointing.
8,
10,It's my first time crying watching anime. The best ending ever! Thank you, Kyohany. Good bye, Violet
9,From the heart to the heart. If you can't express it in words, write a letter.
10,Love is like gambling.
10,I think it's the best gift from Kyoani this year.
10,Do you remember episode 10 of Violet? We're guessing the ending, but this unbearable sensation is really only understandable to the viewer That was the perfect ending where the aftereffects disappeared We have to take a picture at the end Don't ever go out
9,The story is predictableIt shows everything by directing a full video.Thank you to the production company for cheering up even though there was an incident.
10,All right, until the last story, I thought it was a relief that Violet had thrown off her mind and walked on a new path. It's touching.
10,It's really amazing... This is a masterpiece. I'm sure...
10,
10,Please take tissue with you when you leave Everyone at the theater cried and wet their masks It's no joke. ㅠㅠ doesn't let me down
10,After the ending credit went up, the last scene... I hope you watch it.
10,It's fun. Look at the cookies
10,There are many songs and OST songs You can cry if you're sensitive
10,I hated the phone for the first time.
10,I enjoyed it a lot It's a great movie
10,It's really the best. I should go watch it one more time
10,I reserved the first screening time on the day it was released and watched it in advance.
10,It's going to be a very detailed and touching scene where it breaks the heart.And if it's Lee Yang, I wanted to be touched at the end, but I was already sad and moved at the end...  ㅜㅜ
10,Watch it twice, three times for life, keep it when Blu-ray comes out, and pass it on to future generations
10,Netflix, hurry up and come out. It's the best
10,It's really... It's a masterpiece. It's touching and sad... It was a great movie. One more time... I mean... I don't know how many times I can I say... It's a very good movie. If there is a different story and movie, I want to watch it. Even now... Tears are coming out... Reunion with many people... And... everything... It's great.
10,You're the best. Make sure to watch Violet
10,It was the best movie ever. I couldn't finish watching the ending credit because it came out in a hurry, but I'll have to finish it next time, I'll finish it crying
10,Will I be able to see a work like Violet Evergarden again in my life?
10,Wait a minute. Let me wipe off the water.
10,It was nice to see Anne in the previous movie, and it was a good work that didn't disappoint.
10,I'm just thankful that Kyoani has shown a work that doesn't disappoint me, even though I expected that Kyoto Animation's arson attack caused considerable damage and that it was postponed considerably
10,Laughs ssyet so much fun! What do you see a real and so sad and jam and popcorn naemgi
10,It's so touching
10,I made a reservation for the first screening time on the day it was released (11.12). There's a part where there's silence in the middle of the movie, and I thought a lot in the quiet moment when people don't even make subtle movements... Also, the OST from the original animation came out in the theater version, and the scene was sad, but I remembered watching the original animation while crying a lot before, so tears naturally flowed out. There's a story about the ending. I won't mention it because it's a spoiler, but I liked it. It was a pity that more people watched the movie than I thought, and the atmosphere of the movie was generally calm, so I couldn't cry loudly, but I'm going to go watch it a few more times later on. The movie itself is fun, but I recommend you to watch the original!
7,From hand to hand, from voice to voice, from person to person.
10,It really makes me feel the charm of Japanese animation once again
10,It's sad that it's over. I hope to see you again
10,Honestly, I didn't know I'd be so immersed in it. I even watched the movie version. It's a bit unfortunate, but it's a plot without any unnecessary detailsㅠㅠ I love it...Violet, I hope you're happy. Watch the ending credits until the end and come out!
10,
10,A beautiful finish even if it's different from the original
10,I watched it this morning ㅜㅜ I was so sad I cried a lot on the last call from Mr When I met Major Gilbert again after many years, why did Violet and Gilbert cry so much? I miss the last theater version crying
10,The best composition and the most delicate sounds. I'm touched by that. The rating is 9.8. The best movie that has been very hard to watch.
10,The best... I'm happy to see you in my lifeTake an extra mask It's all wet.
10,Just shut up and get 10 points
10,There's another scene at the end of the movie, so please wait until the end
10,Two days ago, I binge-watched the Violet TVA episode and the Outline and went to see the movie version It was really good I didn't like the ending in terms of subjectivity, but that was my thoughts and feelings. Objectively speaking, I think it was a very clean and lingering endingIf you're thinking about going to see it, please go and see it It's really fun
10,I enjoyed the last episode^^
10,It's the movie of my life movie. Look twice. I don't say much. Let's not do bad things like GPA terrorism.
10,We're going to get 10 points off anyway, and we're going to get 10 points off terrorism!
10,
10,Violet. Again. You have to take your mask.
10,I love you, Violet Evergarden
10,10 points for anti-terrorist attacks
10,I watched it in B.A.FI remember crying a lot. I strongly recommend it!
