크림슨 타이드
6,Yesterday, after enjoying the submarine action movie Wolf Cole, I saw this work called the legend of submarine movies over 20 years ago to try another submarine movie, but the flow of time in the video was also not negligible.What the two movies have in common is mainly about the misfortune that occurs in the process of canceling the president's order to launch nuclear missiles.As for the next movie, I would like to look forward to a more interesting story with nuclear clouds rising on the continent and falling out by firing nuclear missiles from submarines. I've been in a Russian submarine and it's really poor and stuffy. I thought that the real people living in it were amazing. Anyway, I look forward to a more developed and interesting sequel. The world's top three influencers were the U.S.A., the U.S.A., the U.S.A., and the Nuclear Jam.
6,On second glance, the captain is wrong. If we didn't fire a nuclear missile from the Alabama, we could have shot it from another submersible. His judgment was clouded by his dogma and self-righteousness, and in the end, he established authority through internal politics, not solving problems. The real problem there was communication connection, not dismissal of the vice captain.The film shows what values and lives the captain has lived throughout and compares them to the deputy captain. There are many criticisms about the tonic of the old establishment of the time. In the middle of the movie, the captain is nothing more than Trump, who has worked hard.However, like Hollywood, the ending ends with a wonderful courtesy of the right-wing kkondae and sending it away. I don't think it's the director's fault, finishing off with a dodgy argument like, "You're both wrong and you're both right." I think the influence of the production company must have worked.Tony is an action master, but he has a strong sense of social criticism throughout the movie. Anyway, if you look at it now, it's not a masterpiece. But I think it was the best movie at the time.
5,Captain Ramsey is not a villain. He acknowledges his fault, and he recommends the vice-captain.
4,It's not a war movie.  a film about human psychology In my view, the interest is low.
5,All of this director's movies are boring. But it's better than deja vu
1,That's a real mutiny. Denzel Washington, the last thing you do. I don't respect
6,Tony Scott only follows the standard of Hollywood directing.
5,It was a little boring because it wasn't my taste, but the message from the movie was clear.
4,To be honest, it's not boring, but I have to endure the development of Hollywood commercial films that are too obvious, and the acting competition between Gene Hackman and Denzel is also a waste of my time spent on these obvious films
6,It wasn't bad. It wasn't bad
1,Our country's ghost is more fun
1,rating adjustment
4,a consequentialist film
1,It's all good, but the map says Sea of Japan--
6,The tension is high... but can this happen in the army?
5,The setup of a nuclear submarine captain who has no discernment. It interferes with the immersion in the movie.
5,Organizations collapse the moment order collapses. Regardless of the result, I think we should follow the command of the captain.
1,Sleep because you're bored
1,I watched the movie just by looking at the poster. I was bored with the contents of the submarine for 2 hours
1,Captain's position is slightly less likely to be lost
6,What's this pointless power struggle movie? Only the last scene is good. I got a rating--
1,a boring piece of work
3,U-boat, U-571, worse than Red October It's a little boring
6,It's sad if it ended well
6,좋아요.
6,Just watch
6,A sad movie that hides the true soldier's image through heroism
1,Obvious submarine movie. The confrontation between the captain and the deputy...
2,A submarine diving for the obvious ending. That's all...
5,I think you're looking forward to it based on the score.It was good, but the ending was lame
6,Denzel and Jean's Charismatic Battle Killed
1,I have nothing to say
