쥬라기 공원
1,It was fun, but I almost got caught in the dark because of JAEMIN's troll
1,I'm frustrated. You're just gonna give me a gun to find the file. Why are you squealing in the background?
6,Little brother and sister, please die. It's a cancer character
6,It's a good quality movie
1,Nino's numbering meeting.
4,The main theme is good. As expected, it's so childish
6,Turn off the light. Why aren't you listening to me?
1,Now that I see them again, they're really carcinogenic. - They do that screaming in Jurassic World, too
1,A crazy girl screaming in front of a dinosaur and a pathetic boy who hesitates when the machine alarms that a high voltage current is going to go through, but eventually drops after being electrocuted.What's a nine-point rating for this crap movie? Shim Hyeong-rae is better.
1,You're right. I felt this while watching the movie. You can't raise kids.
2,What kind of sloppy CG is this? I saw it because it was on the movie channel. Ugh... Watch Marvel movies and learn a bit. My country would do this much CG. Was it my budget?
2,When I was young, I looked nervous, but now that I'm all grown up, I can't feel any tension. Tyrannosaurus is just like a doll lol I expected the kitchen Velociraptor scene to be a great scene, but it's disappointing because it's not much and the development is so fast. I didn't know the development was this fast, but it went by so quickly.
3,I'm holding back what I want to turn off until about an hour passes
1,Why don't I have fun?
6,It's a great movie, but aren't Dr. Grant and the kids so lucky? It's so ridiculous that even a falling car accidentally leaves space, and even if a dinosaur bone falls, a kid doesn't fall, and not a single one of the main characters gets bitten by a dinosaur
1,How dare you try to beat Kim Bosung?
1,The reason why this kind of movie is the most annoying is that not only the main characters but also the characters have mental illness.I hate watching movies with humans in themselves.This cliché and cliché story, which is so lacking, so full of mistakes and so messed up, is also disgusting.
3,Well, the idea was good, but the characters are not attractive at all. The storyline is also cliché... Also, I wanted to cover my children's mouths. Children who complicate things.
6,I don't know. You thought it was fun?
1,It's a movie that doesn't come close to Shim's Younggu and Dinosaur Juju
5,Spielberg Abandoned Fantasy, Thoroughly Commercialized
6,Giant Dinosaur Attacks Realize the Power of Hollywood Technology and Capital
5,This number is not just five points.After one lap, it is revealed that it was over five points.
1,I enjoyed watching it when I was young. But after I grew up, it was a cancer movie. It is a movie that seems to reduce the average life expectancy by five years if you watch all three episodes, including "Fresh Shining" for Tyrannosaurus, "Unsecure and Pigs to Steal Dinosaurs," and so on. I don't know if it's okay just by looking at the direction, but carcinogens are a flaw
1,It was fun when I was young, but after I grew up, I lacked a lot
5,The movie I should've watched in 1993... The content is not very...
1,The rating is too high~~~^^
1,A movie that completely ruined the original novel!I watched the movie at that time, but I was disappointed because I didn't expect it.I don't expect anything from Steven Spielberg since then.
1,Steven Spielberg: When he saw the graphic technology and special effects of Terminator 2, director James Cameron, he was surprised and filmed Jurassic Park again. Originally, I was going to film a dinosaur moving with a motion technique, but I got caught
2,Who's watching because it came out in 3D?
3,That sounds fun
1,You saw it
5,I was really looking forward to it. In conclusion, it is right to watch the movie 20 years ago. That's it. I think 3D went really well.  The kids were talking a lot.ㅠㅠIf you're only going to watch it, go watch it when the kids aren't around.
5,[IMAX3D] Watch the release date early in the morning. I didn't have high expectations for 3D, but it's as expected, and the quality is too bad for IMAX. I watched this movie 3-4 times in theaters and videos, but it's the most disappointing. What's the reason for the re-release? The 4th episode of June next year will have a negative impact.
1,I can't believe it's in 3D again. Isn't that too much?
1,Give me Jurai Park 4. When will it be released?
1,Don't give a horoscope to your memory. It doesn't help the movie develop. It's just a 3D conversion.
1,What? It's not a remake, it's a replay.(Crying)
1,Stop eating me.
1,a park in Euryu
4,It's not a remake. It's a re-release. These days, documentaries show that much CG, but they try to make money for nothing. But in those days, I enjoyed watching it, so I give 2 stars.
1,lol
6,Dinosaurs, which had the best horror effect than any other colorful CG.
6,Sometimes there is a book to read without reading the original. A typical movie that disappointed me because of the original...
1,I still can't forget Younggu and the dinosaur.
6,Well... a movie that didn't deserve my reputation. It was just like that.
5,An obvious story.
1,If you look at it now, it's trash
1,I can't judge by the current standards, but I'm still very disappointed
1,Why isn't there a replay of Jurassic Park?
6,Why is this a 9-point movie? A frustrating movie that's equivalent to 28 weeks later!
6,It was a childish family movie with good CG
6,Oh! It's a dinosaur.
1,I don't recommend it
1,the worst movie ever
1,It's boring
1,I'm so disappointed with Spielberg is so boring
3,be no fun compared to
1,I just don't like it.
6,Not very interesting. End of transmission.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,The fabric is good;; Young...
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
6,There were surprisingly few combat scenes...Was I wrong to wish for a war on life?But it's sad
2,It's a good movie to comfort elementary school kids
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
1,Is this also a movie? Only the eyes are fun. Let's use our brains, too.
1,It's good
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
1,The childish one with dinosaurs
6,There's no emotion. It's a surprise that only those actions can see from time to time
4,The graphic is... Wow! The content is blank!
6,It was pretty good.
1,I fell asleep while watching.
1,I should've watched an animated film. I regret it
3,I'll give you 3 points because you're highly commercial, but you deserve 10 points
6,But it's still awkward...
4,It's a good movie for elementary school kids
1,It's not funny. Get lost
1,have a problem with
5,I don't know what made $900 million.
4,Holiday movies... It's fun, too
5,Shim Hyungrae, Yonggari, fighting!
1,1st place for Shawshank
1,Shawshank is number one. We need to cut it
1,I'm sorry.
1,We didn't win first place
1,No, I can't beat Shawshank
1,Let's cut it
1,This kind of movie only works in the United States.Huh.
1,I don't think 1st place is good, but there are so many better movies than this -_-
1,It's a good movie, but...First place isn't good
1,No.1 is too much
1,1st place --;;
1,Rating: Cut it out - 3
3,It's not that funny.You pressed Shawshank Escape
1,Is this fun? I almost broke the TV while watching it
4,It's fun, but...It's a little... Never mind.
1,It's fun, but...
6,I think the sequel is better.
2,That's a high rating. That's not good.
1,It's not a first place movie.
1,What do you mean 1st place?
1,1st place was too much.-;;ㅡ;;
1,How can this be first place? Of course it's a masterpiece, but...
1,There was only a lot of double track for the second one. Businessman Spielberg, I'm disappointed!
6,The film's infinite imagination is endless.
6,Maybe it was possible because it was Spielberg
5,Not really
2,Actually, it's Fuji.
