잭 스나이더의 저스티스 리그
1,Is this DC's biggest? What's this?
6,Why is it black and white? Why is 4 hours so long? What's the last one? I only watched the action, and the rest were all bad. I don't think there's any way to save D.C
3,Jack Snyder or Nabal, it's just, frankly, nothing much different than the previous Justice, the mood of the movie is heavier and more serious, and it's just cringe-worthy to pretend to be more serious about the same movie story
1,All the reasons why DC can't beat Marvel. Don't try to impress me
1,Oh my god.
1,A documentary about Batman saving Superman. Money is the best way to eat
1,What is this? :/:_//;*/;
1,It's not fun at all
2,For those who watched the game for 4 hours, I acknowledge your mental world!I'll stop saying "Don'
4,I really enjoyed the typical, cliche story of DC, where heroes can't do anything without Superman and eventually solve everything with Superman One-Man Show. Heroes do not overcome their limitations by gaining enlightenment, nor do they draw out their own strength. Just wake Superman up, brandish a knife, shoot a gun, throw a spear, and that's it. Let's just change the title
6,Even though we talked for four hours, we didn't talk much. We need a leap. But the assembly was good.
4,I've overrated it, of course, and it's kind of a questionable feeling.It seems so obvious that the dc is trying to sneak Marvel's stuff out of everything and start as if it wasn't.I can only feel that Jack Snyder is a movie that clearly reviewed why DC is so great and why Marvel is so great.
5,I liked it because it was different from previous movies, but the last meaningless ones were not good
1,It sounds like Spring Justice League 1 and
1,It's boring because it's a modern cut, a Snyder cut, and a dead child touching a ball. Even if I gave it to Bong Joon-ho, I wouldn't have been able to save it in this situation. I bought it, so I play it every time I eat ramen, but I understand why my father wouldn't even watch it, but he left it on during the Wild Age, Tears of the Dragon, and King Taejo Wang Geon. Thanks to this, the understanding between father and son increased.
4,The action is much better, and the story has been extended unnecessarily. In particular, it's not fun to explain the whole story in case you didn't understand even if I didn't tell you.The previous movie is much better than the one where you can take the bait and throw the new one.
4,It's chaotic, it's not fun, it's not good
1,But isn't this a scam? Why are you selling the same movie for money like it's new?
4,Why is Galgadot's face getting bigger... Bigger than Aquaman.lol
6,Is Aquaman out of the blue?
2,Wonder Woman Galgadot is like a tough guy and can't concentrate. Femininity is Wonder Woman's trademark, but Wonder Woman is the original LindaCarter
4,Showing everything doesn't change the color
2,I'm afraid I've just extended my time. Director Snyder's unique slow development and more than 30 percent of the movie... Music and CG are good, but I don't know.I don't recommend it. To be honest, if I asked the original director to extend the screening time to four hours, he would make it similar, but I didn't feel that the quality was enough to make it by "Sny the Cut" under the new director's name. I wonder if all the comments and horoscopes are mesmerized by the media.shivering
1,It feels better than before, but I don't like it
1,Remaster is not to be seen.If you want to waste time, I highly recommend it.
4,The Avengers are a box office hit, and the story is exactly the same. An alien enemy. A group against each other. Don't waste your time
1,The Justice League was their own league
6,If the last episode of Avengers gets 90 points, the movie gets 40 points...Give me back my four hours, you scammers
1,The two-hour series is open for four hours, and the connection between the characters is especially the Martian, Joker, Harley, and the characters, but they have no idea about their stories or stories, but they talk to each other. I don't recommend a movie that feels like I'm a loner
4,Fans will like it, but I don't really...And I think I should celebrate Batman's 60th birthday. The visual beauty was great
6,Batman's ability is so weak, it looks like there's no Dark Knight Force, Diana Arthur is worth watching, but Superman always breaks the balance and hits the last joker, and it's worth watching
6,Why is this so boring?
1,This isn't funny either, but Josswydon's is a piece of crap
6,I deleted BLACKPINK and deducted points
2,The story is going off topic. You like it? I think he's really good
6,Has the era passed when bibimbap, made with all the high-quality ingredients, is the best?
1,Unless you're a fan of DC, you don't have to watch it. Especially in the beginning, I was so bored that I skipped it a lot
1,This is the first time I have ever seen a movie and jumped in my sleep
4,I can't believe I'm seeing you again for three hours. A hero fantasy I don't want to wake up to. However, you have to wake up again and live a miserable daily life. It's not a world that's as bright as they are, or full of fellowship.
6,I looked at it with high expectations, but I was a little disappointed. Early villains vs Wonder Woman birthplace people I liked the war scene.Jack Snyder, it was like "300" in 2006.That's it. And after that... Personally, I found the running time of nearly 4 hours boring because of poor story and lack of probability. Jack Snyder's "The Curse of Dawn" and "Sucker Punch" were unexpected and I thought, "Oh, it's fun," but I was disappointed. Finally, even with Superman and Wonder Woman, Earth defense is considered normal.
6,Jack Snyder suffered despite poor situations in many ways. With fish in budae jjigae, it tastes strange. When I boiled all the ingredients I had, I couldn't help but feel weak as my friends who flew in the water ran on the land. Human bats with only money and no superpowers are even pitiful. At the end of the movie, "Joker Card" appeared. Gogun was a bit innovative.
4,I even saw the prison visit scene (because the story was so ridiculous) but there was nothing to see except the simple action of the bank robbery scene in the beginning.  No matter how different their tastes are, they are so popular that I wonder if I'm just crazy.
5,DCs, please don't get together.If you make a miscellaneous soup with a character that doesn't fit at all, how can there be any food to eat?SnytheCut? Fermenting poo doesn't make soybean paste.Let's do something about Batman.
5,There are people who misunderstand. Jack Snyder also participated in the 2017 film. No, Jack Snyder was the general manager. Director Josweden just fell victim to the production company. Jack Snyder is the main character in the DC Justice League.
2,Right now... It stopped at an hour and a half.  It would have been a big hit if it was released in theaters like this. Who's going to watch a 4-hour-long movie? Maybe it's just good for the crowd mentality. Honestly, I don't even remember the previous movie, "Justice League," but this one is just "Justice League." I haven't finished watching it and I don't want to see it anymore. It's just a flat crop. It's definitely not a masterpiece.Galgadot is pretty, so I give you one more point
1,Part-timers, please take a break from COVID-19.
2,I was wondering if Snythe cut was amazing, but it was long and unlikely. It's such a waste of money. It's so awkward that the members are always in line.
6,There is a difference in the degree of affection for the work, not just the reconstruction of the cut.
5,Jack Snyder was the culprit
2,Whenever I watch the Justice League, the one-top is so strong that I feel sorry for the balance.
1,I just increased the content of the existing movie and released it to make it 4 hours.It feels like it's improved a little bit.
1,The four main characters were overrated because Superman was so screwed up in 10 minutes, and the action was just as bad as Wonder Woman and Amazon, especially Flash, who had been playing silly jokes all throughout the running time and played for the team's battery Aquaman's name is blinding, but he's not very good at fighting hand-to-hand. Is it a league for Superman?
1,As expected, dc can't beat Marvel unless the story is solid and completely dark like the Dark Knight. Honestly, dc tried to imitate all the unattractive heroes except Batman, but all the unattractive heroes gathered together. It would be a hit if I used characters like Joker and Riddler
6,I just enjoyed watching it. But why are you throwing a bait when you said there's no sequel?
6,Then there's no tension at all
2,I can't stand it. How clumsy were you the day before?
1,I was bored with the extra video that was unnecessarily excessive to watch for a few days, but I think the CG production was pretty good
2,Is this really funny? 10 points...In this day and age, slow videos aren't 6 million dollars. I dozed off four times because I was bored. Shouldn't I be like Cuaman?It's my personal opinionIs it just me for the 10 points evaluation?
4,I want to show this, I want to show that, and I understand the intention to direct it, but the impression that it is delivered is insignificant. (It is hard to understand the casting of Van Applack in Batman.)I can't help but miss the Avengers team throughout the running time.Especially in fantasy movies, I think the key is to bring out viewers' immersion to feel the reality in an unrealistic background through natural production, but it is the biggest disgrace in fantasy and SF movies that the tension is cut off due to the intention of directing.It is not easy for many teams to produce the best quality at the same time, such as directing, composition, actors, scripts, graphics, and OST (for Wonder Woman only, 129, etc.) (Marvel is amazing).)
5,Wonder Woman: I'm nobody's own league in a terrible world created by an accident completely buried in heroes, except for the spirit of hero-one-quick cooperation that everyone would have imagined at least once. Physics was added, such as the entropy law or the reverse of time at a rate faster than light. Entropy is the latest trend in Hollywood, but Superman's re-appearance against its irreversibility is just a DC borrowing of Jesus Resurrection. Yeah, for you guys, Superman is the symbol, S has originality. Director Joss Weddon, who finished making a director's cut of the work that he dropped out of due to his daughter's death, did not write a single cut (hmm. I don't even want to go that far because I haven't even seen it, but I wonder if it's frustrating that Joss Weddon spent only 10% of all his Jack shots; it must have been hard for the actors in the middle). Since the additional filming was only for about five minutes, how much did he shoot for four hours (there are more than 2,000 newly added CG effects)? It was a four-part mini-series, but changed its plan and released it as a movie.Batman Ben Affleck is too old... I've now seen too much to enjoy these predictable storytelling infantile heroes. I came into the world with the tremendous push of fans who wanted a sniper cut, but I was so timid that I wouldn't have wasted four hours of my life to see it again if it wasn't for my bloody curiosity and nosiness.Oh, you're so witty.
5,The way the movie talks is old-fashioned. There were a lot of clichés and old-fashioned humor, but Jack Snyder's cool action scenes and delicious slow movements were the driving force behind it for four hours.Is it because I was expecting too much? To me, Batman's character was a character who kept the values he had to protect at his own expense amid existing dilemmas and contradictions, but I wonder what this is about here, when aliens suddenly shoot at fly wings and electricity come in and grind heavy weapons. Being a mediator, or showing the values representing ordinary human beings who have a lot of wisdom and money but are different from other heroes. When I was just changing the Paris aliens with strange sunglasses and machine guns, I thought, "Why?" rather than why? Rather, it's cyborgs and flash that lead the play, and here, cyborgs are cliché clichés, and that's the sacrifice of the important father's death? It was ridiculous enough, and the blackening of cyborgs, the reason for the father's production of cyborgs, the sacrifice of the father, and the process of the main character's enlightenment were so corny and convenient that it was not good. Without the flash, the end of the movie would have been disappointing.It can be seen as a movie where only Flash is humorous, evokes, carries, and barks until the end.Ezra Mueller, who played Flash, shows a good performance about Kevin to the point where I wonder if the same person in the movie is right. Instead of playing four hours of Wonder Woman's BGM, alternating Amazon's mysterious chest-thumping window, filled with action by Wonder Woman and Flash, Aquaman's silly humor, Aquaman's infantile separation and feud, Batman's lone sacrifice battle, Batman's resurrection. If I did this...
6,The deep dark atmosphere was wonderful and there was a special auditory pleasure. Wouldn't it be an appropriate alternative and direction for D.C. that fans can sympathize with at this point? However, even if it has lost a lot of weight, the embarrassment of the terribly childish lines, emotional production, and forced artificial situation setting remains the same. It's amazing that I still don't know what the problem is and I even get a headache. It is a pity that the efforts of actors and staff seem to be in vain. How long will D.C. build a sand castle? There are only sighs and giggles.
1,I was disappointed with the loose part in the battle scene because of the excessive slow motion. There's a lack of urgency because there's a slow motion 3 or 4 times to catch an enemy.crying
6,Superman, the macho guy who only remembers women, Batman, the rich sponsor, Fleshman, the portable battery Victor, the flying hacker, Amazon BGM, the sea man with a fork, is a story about following him around with good action, but his strength fluctuates.Even in an emergency, when you're in eye contact...I'm stressed out. I watched it because of action. Why didn't Batman shave? My Batman...I made you Batman."Did you make the talkative Ajo-ssi?"Give it back...
4,I feel like I've watched a boring movie for a long time
6,It feels like I finally got a new 2017 home appliance after 4 years.Fortunately, I don't have a big complaint because I watched it for free on Naver Plus, but I would have been a little twisted if I paid for it.
5,The 2nd Watchman that Jack Spies will like.
6,There's no difference. It's just a dark side
3,A serious story like a fairy tale has been extended to four hours!
1,Four hours was really boring. Sigh...
4,No more new stories, no more CGs. It's time to filter out superhero movies.
1,Why does it look like a movie from the 90s? I should only watch Marvel for hero movies.
1,This is what SnytheFans are like!He praised it very much, it's four hours long. If you ask Josweden to make a four-hour one, he'll make it better. Snyder has been proven several times to be unable to make a two-hour movie. Snyder was the one who mixed a lot of pear juice while looking for Negeum Massa. Snyder is a completely unsuitable director for directing movies. In the future, it would be better to make a time-consuming American drama.
1,DC just needs a full reboot.I felt it again through this movie.There's no attractive character.I got the feeling from the group singing scene.That it's a failure.
6,As expected, it's not likely and there are a lot of question marks...I think we can say that Jack Snyder's Justice League was good because DC made so many messes recently.Why did I release the previous version of Justice League?This is better. DC, let's get it together!
1,If Avengers is 100 points in every aspect, this is like 10 points a waste of money
1,I think the 2017 edition is much better.
6,I think I'm making the video first and the rest of the scene, so I'll make it 2 hours long when Wendy is a no-dap
1,Maybe it's because it's not for the theater, it's for the TV, but there are so many useless scenes, and it's not like Jack Snyder's work, and the CG is so bad that it's annoying
1,He made four hours of trash
5,It's better than Joss Weddon's Justice League, but it also falls short of expectations. There should be a general manager with power and authority like Marvel's Kevin Pige, but DC doesn't have that person, so it's doomed
4,This is 9.5 points??I think it is a highly valued work because it was wrapped up in a big way in the previous work. The story is awkward, the villains are not attractive, the characters lack solidarity, and the fighting is mainly taking place, but the real action was not good because I expected the action of Aquaman and Wonder Woman, and the running time was 4 hours long, so I fell asleep several times. The characters appear a lot, such as heroes and villains, and since they appear a lot, it should be fun, but it's not like that at all. It's just like a messy mixed-up meal. No matter how hard I try to wrap the ruined work in a pretty way in the first place, I guess I can't help it. There are many part-timers who don't want to give me a masterpiece even though there are masterpieces in the comments... 7 points is generous. I feel like I've been tricked twice after seeing why I've seen this movie again because it'If a masterpiece like this has 9.5 points, you have to give 20 points and 30 points.You're talking like 5 points. I'm throwing up my rating. Even masterpieces don't get this much score! Whew... it's my fault for expecting DC for a second
4,Jack Snyder's movie needs a law that forces the running time to not exceed 90 minutes
6,from poor to flat It's not a masterpiece anyway.
4,Let's stop now. It's so childish that it's hard to watch. I thought I was going to die after holding back the cringe for 4 hours.
3,The BGM for Wonder Woman is so annoying
6,Thanks to the support of fans, Snydercut jersey was released after many twists and turns for fans who only want Snydercut. But it's too late. In other words, coach Dung, who was cheap by the coach, cleaned up and finished well. But it's already too late. The first step was Superman Man of Steel. It wouldn't have been this far if I had taken a better first step. What's the point of the results coming out well? It's too late.
2,Similar to Batman vs Superman
1,I really hate the dark background, so I hate this movie that feels like Scene City. I'd rather have a bright 17-year-old movie
6,I don't know... I looked forward to it, but it wasn't that...? Is it really fun? Mm
6,Did I really need four hours? I expected the quality of Watchman, but it's too bad.
4,If you're thankful to NAVER and you're watching this at a reasonable price, I recommend that you watch the trailer only
4,Unprobable development... a snapping plot
6,I like them all, but they're so clingy
1,Oh, I was tricked. Is it fun to extend the time? Ha... ㅜㅜ
1,I've never seen such a boring hero movie. Where do I get my compensation for 4 hours... Are all the high stars part-time jobs? Oh, my God. I was not touched by any point...
4,Snyder cut is just a bunch of stuff and boring stuff.The added CG scenes are really eye-popping
6,Gal Gadot's acting is terrible
6,The story isn't enough. I think each hero's movie should have come out before Justice League. Also, there are quite a few scenes produced in slow motion, which is annoying. There are many places I don't understand why it was directed in slow motion.
1,I couldn't even make the short ones, but I understand why they cut them.
6,More than half of the video is going at half the speed -- slow production? I don't know what I've got
5,Even if the poop was dried well and made into a dried poop, it could not make soybean paste. You can't turn poop into soybean paste. But it's not diarrhea, so 5 points. People who praise this seem to have forgotten the taste of soybean paste or curry because they always eat poop.
2,Wow... 4 hours? Except for the DC maniacs, watch the last one and a half hours
1,I've been tricked again. Oh, I'm so angry
1,Childish Ddongpanse~ Since you give high ratings to movies like this, only movies like this come out. It's okay to watch without a brain, but 6.5 points would be appropriate.
6,
1,Why does it sound childish when Wonder Woman comes out?Dragging and stretching the parts that can be handled with a single stroke. Like the action scene.From the story, I think you could've done enough, but did you put in a four-hour long action scene to save everything?ㅠㅠ It feels like I couldn't cut it because it was a waste. It's as if you've crossed the cover letter limit, but you've got nothing else to subtract, so you're trying to force it in somehow...
2,It's so cringe-worthy. The only thing that's different from the previous one is the running time and the number of cringe-worthy lines... I'm not going to pay for DC again. I'm tired of the forced situation. It's my fault that I expected it
2,Is this for real? Aren't you a part-timer in the comments? It's just the same and boring. Don't look at me
6,As long as the brush stick was just like that!
1,It's too long...
1,This is really fun??? Why??
