드래곤 길들이기
5,14.09.29. I couldn't say it was bad, but I felt breathtaking at the end.It was the same as when I watched an animated movie, "Was it the great adventure of Pippi, the green country?"Do you really want to send a message that you can only sympathize with if you go through the same pain and have a similar situation in a cartoon that even children can see?It is no different from saying that it is just hypocrisy or pretense for those with normal limbs to defend and reach out to the disabled.
6,Fantasy when communicating, hallucinating in war, and crazy in romance.
5,I watched it a long time ago, but it's an animation movie that's worth watching
4,Awww Dragon x Pet Dragon
5,It was nice to grow up together, but most of the time I was disappointed by the cliché
1,Understand the excuses and national development
1,It's not fun... It's so
1,Nunes Hospital pushes people to the ground.
1,The Hard Environment of the Leungic Clari Watching Flowers
1,Nutto spoke the same language as you did to Dan.
3,I don't know. I think there's some visual beauty, but it's boring. I turned it off after an hour and six minutes. I think I'm going to get cancer because I can't talk to my dad. It is true that people who want to fight only are vocalists. And the notion of taming dragons itself is a problem. Like taming a horse. It's like the American is taming the Indian.
4,A film for the disabled. A feast for the disabled
1,tretregdfgfdfd
2,Why do you watch animations? Even if you pay me, I don't watch them
1,This is a rating comparable to Zootopia Toy Story?It's worse than Frozen or Rapunzel. I need to lower the country
4,It doesn't make sense that they don't attack people who have been at war
1,It's more of a poo than a movie.
1,Smart people are superior to strong people. Man is a brainy animal.
1,I also watched a movie, but I don't think it's a masterpiece enough to get this rating. It's 1 point to adjust the rating
1,Why is this movie famous? I don't understand. Only the main character's dragon is pretty and the rest of them look like they're tingling. + The dragon looks like he copied Pokemon.
1,This isn't fun. Is it too high?  For your information, I watched it in 3D
2,We finally have a inferior work that surpasses Shim Hyung-rae's D-war.Kids' vacation movies
1,It's too high. Too high. Too high. Too high
6,It's not a dragon. It's a dog-like ending It's a pet
1,A good dragon that never hurts people unless you attack them first. It's the same as Battleship, which is accused of being a good alien. The appearance of dragons and people is also very strange. Isn't it strange how Toothless looks? Why does a dragon look like that?
1,The height of cornyness. Excellent visual beauty complements this, but I think the score of more than 9 is ridiculous. I think my personal score is about 7 points, but I give 1 point to adjust the score.
1,the act of lowering a score by giving it too much
5,I don't know if the mythical animal dragon has been reduced to a pet, not a friend.Is it necessary to show children the selfish desire of humans to conquer even myths beyond nature?
1,A dragonfly for children...
6,It's just worth watching. But it's better than 2.
1,I don't know why the rating is so high.
6,I recommend it :) A more exciting movie than an avatar.
1,It's my first time participating in rating.   For those of you who don't want to see it, I'll write my strengths and weaknesses.       ★ Disappointed: Compared to the score, the content is perfect for children and middle school students.  ★ Advantages: High quality video and sound.I think it's about 7 points.
1,To be honest, it's not fun
1,It's a waste of even one point for this movie
1,Does that make sense? 12345678
6,It seems that the synopsis and character settings of the Japanese animation Cheonwon Dolphin Grenragan have been changed. a nerdy hero The main character moves the enemy's robot for the first time. The story is that the protagonist is evolving and his friends also take away other enemy robots and fight against bigger enemies.
1,What? Is there a movie like this?
5,Hmm... funny? Are you saying it's fun for a DreamWorks cartoon?
6,(Singing "Fan ID")
1,Hmm... The Frozen is better than this.
6,I wasn't impressed by the visuals. The characters are obvious.
1,The hen who came out of the yard >> Taming the Dragon
1,Why is it so high? Let's lower it a bit. And in DreamWorks, Shrek is the best
1,...clear, earthy relics.
6,Get rid of your prejudice and open your heart. Then you will see happiness!
1,You think it's a good dreamworks? It wasn't fun
1,Dragon is a human pet after all? I saw it well, but I don't like the ending.
1,Pets of the Dragon. It's funny, but I know why the dragon attacked people in the middle and late stages
4,It's not a romance, it's not a fantasy. It's a tangled family movie
6,It's a movie about self-defense where the main character raises the strongest and prettiest dragon
1,There was definitely a lot to see. But why am I bothered by the lack of probability throughout the movie? There is no basis for the main character's behavior, and other characters other than the dragon have no individuality. Still, it seems like the best movie for elementary school students to watch, but the rating is too high
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,Honestly, it wasn't fun Shrek is the best in animated films
1,Why is this higher than Shrek?
1,It's fun, but the ratings are too high. It's adjusting the ratings
1,a mastery of learning
1,Anime rating flicker
6,The funniest thing about DreamWorks. But more than that, X
1,zero
1,I don't understand why this is over 9 stars...I watched the movie with my friend while dozing off.That's not funny.;;
6,It's just a look
1,the loyalty of the dragon
1,The dragon is ridiculous
1,Dragons have no loyalty LOL Come together, men of loyalty
1,The dragon has no guts
1,Such a ridiculous movie
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,in a grand manner
1,If it's a man, it's a man!
1,The standard of masterpiece is loyalty
1,I don't have any loyalty.
1,an overpacked rating I think Ralph the Fist is much better.
6,In the space of fantasy, it literally paints a fantasy.
1,Let's go down. It's too high
1,Let's go down
1,I hope there's no victim like me who's been tricked by ratings.
1,False and grand ratings are unfair.
1,It's not that
3,The obvious story of a loser becoming a hero. Why do they think they are tamed, used, and placed under themselves? It is a movie that makes people shake their heads in the arrogance of being the warrant of everything.
1,It's really not funny
6,It wasn't a bad movie. At the end, it was unfortunate that they treated each other as pets and livestock without having an equal relationship with dragons. I wanted to be friends. It's not a pet
1,It was really boring.
1,Honestly, it's not 9 points
6,Obvious story, but not boring
6,I only had fun at first, and at the end, it's a natural ending.
1,It's not funny
6,pull through with a clever story
1,I can't believe I'm in the listㅠㅠㅠ
6,For the Merge Children
1,It's not fun. The best in this series
1,It's not funny
1,Oh, seriously, I think the rating is too high
2,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,It's not this bad
6,It's a cute black cat
1,I'm disappointed if it's because I have high expectations. The rating is too high
1,It's fun. It's definitely fun. But the rating is too high.
1,To get a rating for the accuracy of the movie rankings...
2,A movie that's just like that
1,Oh, this is what it means to be fooled by ratings. I shouldn't believe in movie ratings for children.
1,Oh, Kim Su-ro?
1,It's good.
1,Kim Jung-soo
1,I don't think it's a movie with 9 points.
1,I watched it boringly
1,The rating is too high
6,3D was good, but the story was just like that, and the enemy died in vain, and it was kind of uncomfortable.
1,I'd like to see a grand scale that makes my mouth open, but the Lord of the Rings, Young Yong Avatar
1,To be honest, not 9.32; it's ridiculous that other kids easily tamed the dragon
3,Adults, don't watch it
1,It's fun, but I don't understand that it's really close to 10 points. It's childish for adults
1,Just.
1,For me, it's normal...
1,It's not touching. Why is it so high?
5,Honestly, so so
1,What a waste of money! -----------------ㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡIt's awesome
4,an animation for children
1,초 Elementary students, it was amazing to see it in 3D, right? Let's lower it to 8 points
1,What's this rating of 9.33-- It's just a kid who's gonna be criticized
6,Kill or tame.
1,Not really...............
1,It's pretty much fun2
1,It's pretty much fun
1,I can't believe it's in the top 10 on NAVER
1,for the sake of justice
1,I think I was looking forward to it too much
6,It's just...
1,Toy Story and this movie have too high ratings
6,Childish... ;
6,Dreamworks, I've tried, but I'm still...
1,It's a little childish compared to Pixar and Gibri
6,Children should grow up watching movies like this
5,Part-time job... There's a lot.
1,an individual building
5,It's good, but...
1,The best is Toy Story 3
6,The impression that it was designed exclusively for 3D gliding action (Dreamworks = Moneyworks)
6,Is DreamWorks a regression? I miss the direction of Shrek.
6,10 points is E.BADA.LOL
6,You said it was really fun.What?LOLIt's not as fun as up
1,a children's film
1,What?
1,I fell asleep while watching this
1,How do you tame it?
1,It's a foreign film company that makes such a lousy movie and rakes in money.--ㅡㅡ
1,Byul-Lu-Nae really looks like people who block the ratings... The Korean flag is lower than this. Does it make sense?
5,Dragon is cute.
6,For infants rather than families. Personally, I find it annoying that dragons tend to be pet dogs
3,Was I looking forward to it too much?;; It's just a family movie for kids.;
1,It was fun? It was so cheesy It's so obvious. It's a movie about babies
1,This is 9.3 points? It's a mortgage
1,It's the best part-time job.
5,Tired of the obvious story...Childishness for adults...I was fooled by the rating...
1,It's chaotic, the content is sloppy, childish, and it'll be fun to watch in 3D
1,How can I give this 1st place? That's really childish
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
5,I don't like the content. The stereoscopic video is worth watching
3,The screen was really pretty, but the story didn't meet my expectations. It's too bad
6,It was fun, but somehow it didn't really hit home
3,It's fun, but I don't like it
1, the right
2,Kind of childish
1,Me too
1,It's fun, but the story...Oh, I was tricked by an expert rating.--it's too high, so I'm lowering the score
5,Well, the story is a little...
1,How can a movie like this get 1st place on NAVER's rating? Isn't it funny even to you guys?
1,I don't think it's a movie that's going to rank 8th
1,I didn't like it
1,Not good.
1,not much
1,the skill of lowering the horoscope
5,I don't know. It's fun, but is it such a high praise? Not at all.
1,Because of my part-time job
1,It's fun!
1,It's visually satisfying, but the storytelling is disappointing.It's perfect, but it feels like it's lost 2%
1,This isn't more than Shawshank's escape--
1,What's so funny about a movie like this? I'll lower your rating
4,It's not that funny.
1,ruined
4,Whew...............................................
1,How can a movie like this be higher than Shawshank?
1,I'm not worth watching this trashy elementary student
1,Why is this number one on NAVER's overall rating?
1,Not funny. Childish
1,Oh my...
1,It's fun, but it's too high
1,The rating is too high. 8.5 would be appropriate.It's fun
1,I can't believe I'm getting paid for this movie.
1,Honestly, I don't think it's a movie that will get this rating...
1,Oh, seriously, I'm surprised. This movie has a rating of 9.33. I would believe it even if it was 8.7... It's fun.
1,Why is this funny? I think I wasted my money
1,He's first place?So a lot of Annie's crap?
1,Not that I'm over the Titanic
1,Was this the one that crossed the Titanic?I thought Leon was a terminator.It's very...
1,It was fun, but it's kind of weird to get more than 9 points.
1,How many part-timers did you use?
1,Half a star is enough
4,Well, I don't think that's the right code for me. To be honest, the story of sleeping while watching it
1,The story was too obvious
4,Oh, this... It wasn't that good. The rating is higher than I thought.
1,Pass.
1,What's first place?
1,What is it
2,Well, I don't think it was funny. A meeting between a dragon and a man;;;<My personal opinion>
1,The rating is too high.
1,Higher than Inception...
1,I don't think it's right.
1,It is worth watching, but this movie is higher than movies like Terminator and Godfather. I think we need to lower the rating.
1,It's not a good score. It's not a good score. It's better than the godfather
1,Are you kidding me? Don't make me question the transparency of NAVER's ratings
1,I always enjoy watching Disney animations. This was fun, tooBut this rating is a bit...
1,It's well made, but the rating is too high. I think I need to lower it...
1,It was fun, but the rating is too much. The eight point range is appropriate
1,You must have used your part-time job
1,What's with the movie? It's a bubble. I have to put it down
3,Because of the graphic, one star is dream...I'll give you half of it based on the sincerity of the person who made it.
1,GPA Full Items LOL Except for Two Slys for Killing Time, all characters are annoyed with each other's content
1,not much
1,It's puffed rice. ㅠㅠ
1,How can this be rated higher than Wall-E -_-;;
1,I don't recommend dubbing movies!
1,Puffed rice rating. I wasted my time
1,It's not funny
1,low-quality animation
1,Why is this kind of boring movie number one? --;;ㅡㅡ;;
1,It was so boring
1,a part-time job
1,It wasn't good
4,As an American animation aimed at popularity, I was not impressed.
3,a good movie for kids to watch
1,There are a lot of unique people who find this childish fun. Oh, 40% of 45 percent of teenagers are elementary school students
1,First place overall is kind of...
1,Those who give 10 points are all elementary school students Don't be fooled
1,Go down
1,Getting off
1,Is this the top ranking?
1,I don't really...
1,It's a very interesting movie if you're under 12 years old.
5,That's too much of a rating.
1,Hey, part-timers, how can you get a higher rating than Forest Gump, Titanic, Leon, and so on?
3,Which part of this movie is interesting?Are you saying it's funny because dragons don't really exist?
1,I can't keep up with Pixarany
2,It was worth watching for anime.
6,You can just watch the animation. The babies can go and watch it Personally, Gerard's voice is the only thing left
1,The content is not fun, but if you look at it in 4d, it's fun
1,I think it's 8 to 9 points. I don't think it's the highest score on NAVER
1,It's a piggyback. Yong is cute and 4D red
1,It's fun, but it's not enough
1,Puppy-like...
1,It wasn't fun...
6,The movie itself is good... but don't look forward to it ~
2,It's too weak after seeing UP. A corny, far-fetched development, a weak lingering effect. 3D is good.
6,A movie that children will enjoy watching
4,The rating is too high. Why are you taming the dragon? A pet!
1,It's not fun. Dog attraction
1,9 points is too much. 8.4 I'll adjust the appropriate rating
5,It was fascinating to watch it in 3D, but the content was cliché.Food that looks good but doesn't taste good?
5,To be honest, it's so childish and boring. Kung Fu Panda and Annie are not compatible with me.
1,I want to kill the dragon
6,It was fun to watch on IMAX 3D a month ago, but 8.6 is appropriate for the rating
6,I don't understand that this is the number one rating for every movie
1,Wow, the rating is amazing
1,It's fun, that's all
6,It's just something to watchable.
1,It's really fun
1,funny, interesting, amusing, entertaining
1,It's so much fun
6,It's just... It's worth watching
1,I didn't watch it because it's an elementary school movie, but should I watch it? It's the best movie in all
1,Is this a movie that deserves such a high rating?
1,Dreamwalk! Did we have this much money? You're going to release so many part-timers in this crap movie?
1,There are a lot of part-timers
6,I want to see "How to Train Your Dragon".
4,Don't watch it in 3D. It's a waste of money. Baby movie is bad. Elementary school student Yuding grade is wrong^^ If you're going to throw away your money, look
6,Be careful. It's a children's movie, so it's hard to adjust to adult eyes ^^
6,What a waste of money... let's say I experienced 3D.Maybe it's because I'm old. Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
1,As expected, 9 points and 10 points. You covered it up with what you're doing
1,Are you done with your part-time jobs? It's going down a lot. It's fun, but that rating is just right
6,Well, it was pretty good
1,As expected, the part-timers are amazing
2,I had high expectations for the rating, but I barely opened my eyes to see if I was too sleepy, but...
3,Especially, I don't like the change of neck of this film festival!Toothless was cute in the book...ㅜㅜ
1,I'll wait a little longer and download it
3,It's just the graphic processing and the development of the obvious. It's a question of why it got a rating of over 9 points
2,I heard that you erased the grade of choyoonji7. Are you a movie company employee?
1,The person below is really funny that I don't need your opinion! We're the same age
5,Your opinion is useless. By tomorrow, the part-timers' posts will disappear^^
5,Watching it in 3D is like throwing your wallet in the trash can.Look at the 7,000 won bill
4,If you give me a low rating, I'll tell you that the idea of part-timer is part-timer. CHOY looks more like a part-timer
6,In a moment, good grades are coming up like that. Is there really a part time job?
1,It's not that fun to give one or two points.It's personal preference
5,There's nothing to see with the kids, but I enjoyed it I was thinking about watching it in 3D, but I'm glad I watched it in general
1,The part-timers who gave us 10 points, thank you for your hard work Take a break for a while. I'll stand in for you
1,I thought it would be like a Transformer, but the level is too low.
2,I paid money to watch EBS cartoon movie in the theater.Oh my god
1,A rating of more than 9 points for a childish movie...Shouldn't we be suspicious?
6,Gone are the days when you think you can watch it if you have a high rating. A clumsy 3D... I'm speechless
2,I saw the reviews and they said they worked part-time. Is that true?;;
4,I can't trust NAVER anymore.The world of movie part-timers...(Sniffing)
4,You can watch it at home. If you go to the theater, you will regret it. Like me!
1,Alba, are you happy that you're raising the rating? Oh, my
1,3D, 4D, boring movies. I'm just thinking about getting paid. Don't get fooled^^
5,I trusted NAVER's rating and watched it, and you slept well! Part-timers! Give me my money
6,To be fair, it's not 1 point... But I don't think there's an archipelago that can be seen in theaters
4,Look at the movie score before you watch it.It's obvious what you wrote!10 points for all of them.Take it off!
2,Why did I watch Toy Story Phil's home video animation in the theater?
5,The CG processing that is too obvious is too much fun.
1,Did Dean Devloyce tell you to be Alba The director doesn't want this kind of part-time job
4,It's 8.9.10 for part-time jobs and 4 for movie viewers. It's the movie with extra money, right?
4,It's a story that's obvious because it's childish...
4,The most boring movie with such an obvious story...
1,a pine tree nursery
6,It was fun, but something was lame; and please refrain from cheering
1,It's not that good
1,It's so childish... How can I not watch her...
2,It's worth watching, but it's not a masterpiece.It's not as good as Avatar or Terminal 4.The rating is fraud. 8.3 Points are appropriate
1,It was a very interesting and good work, but the rating is too high.
1,What's 3D? I'm so disappointed.
1,I was disappointed because I had high expectations.
1,Honestly, it wasn't that great.The 3D feel is weak.It's just like kids' cartoons.
1,Totally...
1,It's boring. It's boring even though I'm in 6th grade. like a waste of money
5,For them! They kick from behind the chairs. Adult, sit in the back
1,One point is not enough
1,It's a bit childish when I looked forward to it because it had a high rating on the 3D movie. I don't recommend it to men in their 20s
6,If the money was a bit of a waste... I shouldn't have seen it in 3D
6,An animation that's worth watching
1,I saw it because people said it wasn't as childish as I thought it would be. What a waste of money... ㅠㅠ
6,There is no freshness. Dragon = Is it the limit for dogs? It's an ordinary American ending movie
5,It's pretty fun, but it's no match for avatars. The story is a bit awkward, too. .
1,It's for Solka Elementary School
1,The Persian prince and the Fang Ja-seon...Money waste... I like animation...What is this?
1,Elementary school movies... Even though it was 3D, I fell asleep while watching it
1,Boredom
1,Honestly, it's not good
2,It was just like that ㅠㅠ Why wasn't it funny?
1,It's worth watching, but it's not the highest rating of all the movies, but it's not reliable
4,It would be a fun movie for kids.
1,It's not funny
6,Am I weird? I can see how the story will unfold from the beginning to the middle...
5,It was less fun than Shrek. a children's film Laughter is kind of sloppy
1,I think it's too calm. It's a lesson. It's a weighty but fun well-made animation
1,To be honest, it was fun, but I don't think it was a movie at 9.47, but it was about 8 points
5,I realized the truth that any movie is not fun to look forward to.
1,Childish Ppongjak!
1,I'm getting off because I'm annoyed by my GPA part-time job
1,Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? It's not fun!
6,I hope the kids watch it. It's like a time-consuming movie.
1,Honestly, it's amazing for kids.It's a big deal for young people. I don't care
6,I was really looking forward to it and saw it in 3D, but I didn't feel much.I was a bit bored and watched it.
6,There's a lesson, but it's not comical.  The "up" I saw last year is more interesting. Don't lean on me!
1,A movie that would have cost more for promotion, part-time employment, and celebrity employment than for film re-production (Grading adjustment...)
1,The efforts of the part-timers are impressive. Lowest score in terms of rating adjustment
1,The rating is too high 'ㅅ'
1,It's not a waste of 10 points, but I don't want this animation movie to win first place
1,Let's lower the rating. Does it make sense that this is first place?
2,Last year, my 4th grade son gave me 10 points for Summer Wars, and this movie is 2 points The graphics are good to watch, but...
1,If you don't like childish things, you shouldn't watch it.It's so childish that it makes your hands and feet cringe when you're an adult
1,It wasn't that fun, but lower the rating for a movie that's exactly 8.5!I watched it in 3D
1,I have no choice but to lower the score. Does it make sense that we won first place
1,Even a masterpiece movie doesn't have a rating of 9.3, but this is a bit too much...
5,Isn't it so much fun?
1,9.45? Honestly, the rating is too high.I'm sorry
1,The score is too generous. Even if there are pretty blondes on the show -.-LOL
5,It was fun, but the shocking twist of the main character's legs being cut off in the movie that a child watches is a bit...
1,What do you mean "The Shawshank Escape" isn't number one?
1,It's not fun for adults to watch I'd like to give you a five, but I'm gonna have to take it down.
6,I miss you
3,It's a pity that it's just a fun movie. K
1,Am I too old to look at this?
3,I want to watch the movie deeply or have a low expert rating. It's a fun movie without much content.
1,This is a movie
1,It's so boring
1,Get rid of it
1,It's a cliche.
1,It's a small animation, but the rating right now is "Gae-over. If you consider the high price of a movie, it's too much for adults.
1,It's pretty good, but the rating is too much
1,not much
1,Personally, I don't think it's
1,I don't know why this movie has a rating of more than nine.
3,The movie that I can only remember elementary school children's "No!!!" when the main character was in danger
6,I saw it in 4D, but I think I can see it in 2D. It's just that the screen is a little forward
1,Oh, my brother is the only one who is excited.--ㅡㅡ
1,What is it? NAVER? I saw four high school sophomores who wanted to die. They're so childish
1,I just saw it, but it's not a nine-point movie.
5,Huh? I watched this over the weekend and saw Persia today. Why is this rated higher?; Is it the power of elementary school?
5,The roller coaster scene in the 3D movie was weak.Compared to Avatar, it's a much more childish story
1,LOL 1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 points
1,It was a medium movie. You have clicked on the weakest rating in terms of rating management.
1,How can this be more than a nine-point rating, that's too much. Wouldn't it be possible if the rating was 8.5...
1,It's not a great movie, but isn't the rating too high=ㅁ=?
1,3D doesn't suit my eyes
1,Lowering Good Movie Ratings
6,I haven't watched it yet... Is 3D fun?I'd appreciate it if you let me know if you saw it.I miss you...
6,I watched a movie with my son and got cursed at for the first time! The storyline is just like a kid!
6,The rating is too generous... It feels like riding a ride on the beach.I don't like anything else
1,Oh, it's too high
6,I was looking forward to it too much -_- It's just a movie for kids. I watched it in 3D
5,I can't get into it, I fall asleep, I have a headache...I guess I don't like this kind of movie.
1,A lot of regrets... Let's all be honest!
1,Dragon is a character and a friend. It's not even meefle
1,10 points for elementary school students, but for adults, it's boring and sleepy. It's better to watch it in 2D than in 3D
6,The cat in the mask of a dragon. It's a movie to watch with baby children
3,I was tricked from the bottomless pitiful heartㅠㅠ Yudding movie... What a waste of 3D viewing fee ㅠㅠ (It's not good with children)
1,It's like an elementary movie. It's like 1/10th the fun of Kung Fu Panda. 3D bubbles are gone
1,Why is the rating so high?
1,I'm really not good at it's...
5,Too obvious story ㅠㅠ Dozed off
6,I watched it in 4D, but maybe because I was looking forward to it, it was just like that.I thought I was going to die because I was so tired.T
1,It wasn't funny.
1,Lower your GPA
6,I'm sorry for the well-bred Tuslini Hana 10 dragons, who didn't achieve as much as expected.
1,Taming the Dragon
1,It's like this crap movie
2,I went with my younger brother and it was fun.Oh my god
1,He said he's going to work now. He paid 10,000 won and lost 9,000 won
1,The last movie I saw after I said goodbye to her. I can't give you a score 하지만 But it's fun
1,Oh my.......................
1,a far-fetched development and predictable ending
6,A movie that's 10% disappointing
6,I don't think it's good to get such a high score.
1,Please lower the rating ^^
1,It's fun, but the rating isn't this high, so I need to lower it a little.^^
1,Only elementary school students watch this LOL
1,You're writing while paying for your part-time job Atonement for fishing people...
1,What are you doing?
1,part time job
1,Godfather, go up!
1,This movie is in the 9 points range, I feel scared of part-time jobs, there is no 3D or story
6,Did you look forward to it too much?I watched it in 3D but it felt like a children's movielol
1,Why is it so high?
1,I didn't see it in 3D. But isn't it a real movie if it's fun?
1,It's so childish.
1,ㅉㅉ
1,It was just childish
6,It's childish, but it's safe to watch ^^ I don't feel the need to watch it in 3D. If you're going to watch it, I'll dub it
6,I think it's a cartoon that's like kids' level. It's a waste of money. I made it well, but it's for elementary school kids
1,(Laughing
5,"It's boring for an adult to look at. I'm looking forward to it in 3D, but I don't want to see it because it's Annie
1,It's fun but childish
3,I think it's 8.8, not 9.54. 3D may feel dizzy if it is not trained in FPS;
2,I don't think it's that fun.
1,The rating is too high in common sense, and it is questionable whether the eyes of Korean citizens are this high.
1,The rating bubble is too much. Seven to eight points are appropriate.
1,No matter how much fun it may be, it's not fun enough to win first place, is it? I'm sorry
1,Part-timers, I said OO... I was watching it with my girlfriend and it was 32,000 won
1,On rainy days, jjamppong is better than jajangmyeon There's no one to deny this.
1,Elementary students have big balls
1,Whether it's 3D or 4D, we were implementing it and ended up doing it'sI don't do part-time jobs if I can, but this time, it's too much!
6,^^; for kids ^^; I'm fooled by your score LOL 3D 13,000 won. x2shivering
1,It's such a waste of money
5,be inferior to Pixar
1,Honestly, it wasn't boring, but the rating was too high
1,=.= To be honest, don't you think it's a little crappy?
6,I've seen it in 3D, but this rating right now...He's a lot less powerful than his avatar
1,I'll drop the points that the part-timers posted.
1,I looked forward to it, but I don't think this is it.
1,There are too many rating part-timers;;;;;
3,The movie is very boring. I saw it because the rating was high, but it didn't make much use of the 3D.
1,Lower GPA ^^
1,Too many part-timers...Honestly, an 8-point movie
6,A movie that's good to watch with kids
2,I watched it in 2D and 3D. It's not fun at all. Make sure to watch it in 3D or 4D Otherwise, I'll regret it a lot
1,Oh, my. Is this fun?
1,It's 9.58
1, attract, invite, lure
1,Oh, my.
2,The last dust looks like 3DThe rest is a bit...
5,Helping the dragon and seeing the dragon being punished, the boss dies and happiness ends ^^ haha simple
1,This movie has a rating of 9.5 and the Shawshank Escape is 9.7
1,It's so boring --;;
1,The rating is too high. I'm going to cut it a little bit. It's fun, but... It's for teenagers.
1,It's exactly like elementary school to 1st grade kids' content recommendation
4,I watched it in 3D on CGV. All I can do is think it's such a waste.
5,More than a real Titan -- wow, I understand it's funny
1,9.5 is too high to stop
6,It's a good movie for children to watch, but it's not as good as I expected
5,It's a little childish...
1,What is it?
6,The content is worth five stars. I don't know about 3D. TV commercials are definitely more 3D.
1,Nightpure is so weird
1,It's not fun
1,It's made by DreamWorks. Is it okay? I want to stand out, so I got a star 1
1,The score is too high
2,I think we should change it to "how to train r cat"! 1 point for the story! 10 points for graphics
1,I don't want to watch this movie because of my part-time job
6,American fantasies about a multicultural society The flying god is the best since the red pig.
1,.... The highest score?
6,Still, it's bluffing to be No. 1 on NAVER.
6,Just ordinary content, is animation always this much?
6,It's fun, but I don't want to see it twice because it's too plain and doesn't have 3D advantages except for the air scene.It's too bad.
1,It's like a middle school student. 9.43 is too fictional. 7 points is appropriate
1,Not good.
1,Stop it, part-timers. I took a picture of your other evaluation IDs and it was obvious.
1,This movie is about elementary school kids being moved by winning an adult, so they get 10 points. A movie for elementary school students.
1,A movie for elementary school students. I bet it's an adult who thinks it's fun
1,Frankly, I think the reviews are a little exaggerated. It's not that messy
1,This movie gives you the dignity of a part-timer
1,It's not very interesting. For your information, 4D...
1,It's a completely folded
3,Hmm... I looked at the score... It's like a movie to watch in elementary school It's below my expectations.
5,It was fun. It's 3D, but it doesn't it? But it's still fun ^^
5,I was tricked by the rating again.
1,You're using your part-time job
1,a children's film
1,The rating is too high. 6 to 7 points are appropriate by my standards
6,Compare to Avatar?It's a bit dark in the beginning to see it in 3D. I think I expected too much.T
5,It's not fun because the dragon can't talk
6,It's fun. If you watch the dubbing, you can focus more on the image
1,Let's not give a score without looking
3,It's like kids' level.
