아이 캔 스피크
1,Just a Japanese Military Sexual Slavery movie that curses Japan.  No fun. I like Japan.
1,Yoon Mihyang
2,It's a series of out-of-the-box developments and it's cliche and boring. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Do I have to rate it highly because it's a grandmother's movie? The rating of the movie itself would be just two points. I was fooled by NAVER's score. I wasted my precious time
2,
6,I Can Speak English
4,I watched it because of Lee Je-hoon and Na Moon-hee's acting, but the movie became Moon Jae-myung with a clumsy political color, perhaps because the people who broke their heads made it.
4,I don't know why people in the market suddenly started liking Mrs. Na Moon-hee. Until then, people treated him as a snitch and looked at him in a bad way, but did he suddenly change just because the report of underage alcohol sales was not Mrs. Na Moon-hee? It felt like that, and there was no part of the market that Na Moon-hee's report itself was for the mayor's sake and to prevent children from getting hurt, and the reason why actor Lee Je-hoon's younger brother Na Moon-hee reports the mayor's people is just lonely, so he meddles in various places. The development felt even more strange to describe. Also, the development is not smooth and all of a sudden because the conflict with the market figures is not resolved at all and goes on to the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem? The question arises that In addition, Mrs. Na Moon-hee's younger brother said to Mrs. Na Moon-hee that he would pretend not to know and that he would not remember, but at the end, he came again and apologized, but there was no reason when he pretended not to know. It's a good material, but it leaves a lot of regrets, and there were many clichés. Overall review: good material, low storyline, high acting skills, and finally obvious development.
1,It's a shame that there's no 0.5 point rating   It's that time and I've been through that time, and I've been doing that to people around me, but it's a movie that makes me cry Is it a movie? I don't think it was as good as the regular video
3,a public nuisanceEnglish fever. Free tutoring.A series of out-of-the-box talks that lasted for two hours, including speeches to the U.S. Congress. It doesn't matter if the process is messed up because the purpose is good?
1,It's a sudden development and a movie that forces Japanese Military Sexual Slavery grandmothers to be emotional. I wonder what the story is about.
1,We were doing well, but suddenly Japan?Did you aim for the sensibility of Koreans becoming one if you only put in Japan? It's a movie where I cried and wiped my tears and turned the channel around
6,It's not funny, and the content is boring. But in the second half, sadness...It's a history that shouldn't be forgotten
1,a trash-fake movie
1,It's too obvious. Like ucc... Not even sad
1,Don't put a new wave in a comedy film
1,If I were to look at film achievements rather than messages,
1,I cried at the theater after watching this movie.  I want to forget it.
1,I have already apologized 43 times. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery wasn't even forced. Bo was nauseated all the time and fed up with the low-key sensibilities of Koreans
1,i can speak, fancy vacation, taxi driver, what these movies have in common is cleverly distorted and manipulated history!
5,I give you 5 points because of your grandmother. Leftists, don't make emotional movies, leeches, things like that
6,The legendary movie that Yoon Mihyang ruined. Boom boom boom
1,There are still too many pro-Japanese forces in this country.
1,This movie is about beautifying Jung Euiyeon's women's group, but if you give me 1 point, pro-Japanese group
1,Actually, it's about a friend of mine
1,Very impure and laughable movie. If you know the reality, you'll never get a good evaluation.
1,I can speak, I am Groot
2,(Icanspeak) The development by chance is petty. The coincidence that Lee Je-hoon's younger brother goes to the market for no reason and encounters Na Moon-hee, and the coincidence that Lee Je-hoon's younger brother goes to the dong office for no reason and sees Lee Je-hoon and Na Moon-hee in conflict. These coincidences feel even more petty because they were indispensable scenes in the film's development. The director and writer should have put more effort into writing the scenario. The beginning was a coincidence, but the ending was not a coincidence. The director and writer should not be able to easily roll out the film by this kind of coincidence. And the scene where Na Moon-hee finds Lee Je-hoon's younger brother who is forgetting raw ramen and calls him home to eat rice is the worst. What middle and high school students eat with their grandmother's house that they don't know these days? The laziness of the director and writer undermines the value of the great message the film wants to give.Speaking of acting and characters, Na Moon-hee's acting was unquestionably neat. Na Moon-hee's character was consistent throughout the whole time, so there was a sense of stability throughout the movie, and the growth in the dramatic situation was something that touched the audience's heart of the audience. However, Lee's performance was not like that. This is because the character was inconsistent. The consistency of the character in the scene where he climbed the second floor of the dong office and shouted to citizens to help Na Moon-hee collapsed, and the character died in the scene where he moved to the U.S. and shouted "How are you?" to Na Moon-hee. So Lee Je-hoon's acting, whose character died, could not shine. The director and writer should not have damaged the character's consistency in that way.
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The annexation of Korea and Japan was 100 years ago, and it has been more than 70 years since the Allied liberation I've got everything I need to compensate for, and please stop. How long do I have to be mentally stressed out by the uncivilized?
1,In Korean movies, if there is no anti-Japanese and pro-North Korean material, there is no investment and no movie theater? You're really amazing.
4,The material was good. It was good to include about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, but the movie itself was sloppy a film that was not enough to contain the subject matter of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
5,It is a movie that everyone in the world would have liked to see, and the reason why only Koreans were interested was that it was made into an obvious movie with such a wonderful subject and childish Hollywood impersonation. As soon as the director is conscious of Hollywood, it is a truth of all ages that he falls to the second rank. Will the U.S. and China succeed by making K-pop? There is only one reason why he couldn't reach the jackpot even though he showed good directing skills with good materials and had good acting, and attracted audiences as a social issue. A Hollywood-conscious Korean movie. Isn't it that the director didn't believe that Korea's unique characteristics beat universality? If Lee had believed that K-pop would win, it would have caused quite a stir in Hollywood.
1,a movie that makes one bark bitter laughter with forced emotion
1,What would you have done if there were no anti-Japanese movies in Japan?
5,A typical anti-Japanese movie, for killing time, nothing more or less.
1,Face, face, face, face, face, face, face.
6,I thought it would be obvious because I saw the information in advance, but it was unexpectedly warm and the story was interesting. The actors' positive performance was also good.
6,to forget the people in the past without a future
1,ikyuyuokuij
1,It's a movie that instigates teachers and children of the Korean Teachers and Education Workers' Union. Also, it's a movie that's perfect for the Korean War.
5,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery If it were a movie, what would it be like to focus on just one story? There are so many useless characters and I tried to insist on various contents, so the story progress is not smooth, but Na Moon-hee's acting skills are excellent
1,uyifthe6t34t6er
1,I hate the old lady who bullies public servants
1,Anti-Japanese Coin Meat Coin Left-wing Coin
1,Why isn't there a zero? One point is too bad
6,I told you now, the other person needs to hear it
1,Personally, Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is wrong, needs help, needs a lot of publicity, but now Japanese Military Sexual Slavery movies about history are increasingly trusted and skipped...I didn't make anything right. I was fooled by the rating
5,It's a plot where you just have to touch the heart at the end
1,Long live the Empire of Japan!
1,A movie that doesn't seem to have been solved in the bathroom. I was fooled by the rating macro. I feel like I'm listening to a speech at an evening meeting with a good topic. 1 point because it's higher than necessary. a six-point film
4,a heavy and important subject but fun is...
1,The movie was pretty good
6,a meaningful film I recommend you take a look at it.
6,Thank you for your efforts. Thank you for your efforts. And thank you.
1,I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it
2,Did you make this a movie?
6,Moderately funny and touching. Jehoon is cute. It was good that he didn't try to show only the pain.
1,I watched it because they gave me a special movie. Comic, it's a mess more than I thought, and even grandmother does that in public as if it's right to do that, so there's no answer.
6,Na Moon-hee's new acting skills are not good enough. Supporting actor's acting skills are covered. I'm watching it at the theater. She's trying to create a sloppy and contrived impression. Na Moon-hee does all of this movie
2,Is it the most unrealistic? I'm the one who got accepted by Jehoon level 7 while working level 9?It's impossible in real life
5,It's touching, but it's absurd that the story goes on to redevelopment and then suddenly turns into Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Except the story doesn't connect smoothly, it was worth watching
1,History doesn't work for me. It's just 1 point
1,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryNo matter how old a grandmother is, she can't forgive her for being a goofy at first
5,It shows typical Korean culture. I could feel why this place is a suicide republic.
2,I don't watch movies with my grandmother I lost my appetite
1,an emotional movie that fits an incompetent regime
1,I know the theme and purpose are good, but it's so boring. Please don't fall for the scoreEarly to mid-early, very boring, many unnecessary scenes late in the day - some random, improbable developments, cringe-worthy lines
5,It's a movie with a great purpose, but the storytelling that was so unfortunate...
1,I think it's a movie with six to seven points.
1,I'm not good at giving 1 point, but I'll give 1 point. It's not fun It's my fault for watching a Korean movie
6,a rather burdensome impression
6,I can feel all the emotions in the eyes of an actress named Na Moon-hee
1,It was a gem-like movie that I haven't seen in a long time.Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryIt's an angry history, but I'm also angry at the director who made it this way...
1,Even if the material is good, the movie can stink. Except for the speech scene, the rest is really the worst childish.
4,It's a good intention, but it's not a good movie to recommend.
6,The material was good, but if it was more plain... He seemed to be forcing me to feel this way, and I just wanted to see and judge the situation myself, but...
1,Let's call it a day
1,I feel like I'm being overrated  It is ridiculous that this film excels at Interstellar
1,I don't think it's that fun.
3,I hate movies like this. A movie that isn't particularly fun, it's not fresh, and the ending is too obvious. a low-grade film with no artistry
6,Grant the right to speak to those who cannot speak!
6,I think I know the story without looking at it and I watch it because of the emotion in the middle.
2,A meaningful and wonderful movie!
5,It's definitely not fun and it's too long.  Too much emotion is annoying
6,a movie with a perfect theme
6,It's okay. I don't know
6,I recommend a good movie!
1,The trashy political film Sinpa out
6,The script... The dog is too loose!
2,Is it a good movie because everything is contrived and intentional? The more you do that, the better you have to make it. What is this? ㅜ.ㅜ Shim Hyung-rae movie is no different from this movie.
6,Laws and principles are like webs. In other words, large birds escape and small mosquitoes or flies get caught in spider webs.
2,Of course, the purpose of making the movie is good, but it was very hard to watch the movie because Jehoon was not good at acting seriously. I can't even go out in the middle, so I just sit down and close my eyes. Why are you directing like this?All the actors were acting so awkward that they couldn't get into character
2,Seriously, this is fun? It's so cheesy and boring Seriously...
6,The movie is so drama, so the part where I get immersed is so weak and forcefully put together is so unnatural and dramatic and the movie fiction is so prominent in the flow, and Japanese Military Sexual Slavery story is really so angry to watch in the video, but there is no bad meaning, but the movie is anticipated
2,Lee Jehoon's brother. Nodding~~~~
1,Hmm. I don't know
5,Just as much as I expected...
1,Japan's attitude and Korea's attitude of taking all the money in the name of apology from Japan...
2,a typical low-grade anti-Japanese film There was a comedy in the second half when I saw him cursing and speaking in English.
6,It's a cheesy story, but grandmother Na Moonhee's acting is carried away
6,It was fun at first, but why are you giving a standing ovation when you testify?
6,I didn't expect it.This is passable.
1,How is this movie not so different from Saul's son's? He's not even qualified to rate the movie because he watched it and read some related books
6,It was more fun because I'm a fan of Jehoon
6,I enjoyed it from start to finish :)
6,a must-see truth
1,I was so annoyed that I held it in and watched it until the end, and I was wondering if it was possible, but who said it was fun? I was fooled. Precision is not fun ㅠㅠ
6,It was fun, but...That's what I expected
1,Honestly, it's touching, but there's no special story
4,It was so cheesy that I couldn't watch it until the end. Whether it's English, acting, or characters, I can't get into the movie.
5,It was an opportunity to look back on our history
6,The subject matter is good, but the main topic is not smooth. He introduced the conflict over reconstruction until the beginning of the introduction, and since then, he has appeared as a service gangster and the president of an architect, but as he moved to Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, he has become invisible
3,It's a movie that has a unique storyline but has a lot of fun
6,Na Moonhee's acting came to me
5,It seems too revealing that the director took the picture without worrying about the scene painting and without considering the character. I don't even film dramas like this these days. The only thing to praise is the movie's sense of theme.
1,Unbelievable rating. Did you see how it makes sense?
2,I don't know. I think the story is too confusing. Things don't seem to connect. The theme is good, but it doesn't seem like a very good movie.
6,I enjoyed it. I bought it for my parents.
1,I understand the director's intentions But the director's incompetence to show the ultimate in the new drama with this material is incomprehensible
5,I was impressed by her acting. She had a hard time holding back her tears
6,Mrs. Na Moonhee's acting was so good
1,Regardless of the result, it came out in the middle. Such a nuisance. I'm so annoyed
1,What kind of complainant does he talk to--
6,The initial contact between urban redevelopment zones and government officials in the second half of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is contrived and a little unnatural, but I think the emotional strategy that comes out of it has succeeded to some extent. I think it is a good movie marketing strategy that suits Korean taste of Koreans
6,Lee Je-hoon can't get into character because of his acting tone. Thanks to you, I gave up halfway
1,Lee Jehoon's acting is so annoying that I can't get into it.
5,Should I have tried to force myself to do this with materials that can touch and make me laugh enough?
1,I can't believe we've made such a poor man out of our painful history.Japanese Military Sexual Slavery"The pain of the grandmothers and the acting of the actors touched my heart, but the storyline and the twist were fantasy and contrived.
5,I watched it for 30 minutes and came out.While working at the information desk, I often meet people like Na Moon-hee in the drama. They're old and weak. Why do you ignore them? He ignores me and even curses me. Please don't ignore young people just because they're old.
5,The material was good, the lesson was good, as well as the acting, but the development was not smooth. It feels like I've been pouring it out, but I've been busy picking up big chunks.
6,I'm going to deduct points for making a political joke out of the blue
6,It wasn't as good as I expected. The acting was just
2,Why did you include Jeongnam?  Why? Am I forced?
5,It's a movingly well-made movie, but it's not nice to see movies made based on the past coming out as if they were screenplays these days.To be honest, what are you trying to do with the humiliating past that these generations don't care about? It is not enough to devote all our energies to the future of our country
6,It means something, but it's not in the 9th grade
1,The story of this forced new drama, you sell everything that makes money. This is how the little people snort and go wild.I'm not going to curse you. Oh my god
4,It's worth watching, but it's a commercial jjamppong movie that's full of everything
1,I thought that I should not watch Korean movies. The critics are so mean. The material is the material, and the evaluation should be done according to the evaluation. Dear Myungjin-gu Office, How are you... That was awesome.
3,Joseon-style sentimental man made of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, 6.25 and 5.18 materials and praised them like zombies. If you criticize a movie like this, you can't criticize them by making a trash red man or a Japanese guide. It's fun to watch it, but when it comes out suddenly That's what I thought
5,There were a lot of random scenes. It's awkward.
5,I feel like I watched a typical one-act play.
6,The purpose is good, but the scenario design is too poor except for the impression.  Re-development and Japanese Military Sexual Slavery... This movie just blew the first hour of the day.
3,A true "Three Thousand Four" movie
1,Netizens are enthusiastic about movies that are not worth evaluating and give high scores unconditionally.  That's very simple
6,It's fun. I didn't cry, but... lol
1,Grandmother Japanese Military Sexual Slavery from the neighborhood civil service king?  as if in a trifling state
2,An Outspoken Emotional Man Using National Emotions
6,If the U.S. lawmakers, who were so opposed to it, had apologized with a clear speech, Japan would have reflected on itself.If I had maximized it, I would have been angry if I had cursed like the last Japanese.It's a movie that's a bit disappointing because there are a lot of things
3,I'm disappointed that the content of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery only came out at the end.
6,The content is good, but it's a little disappointing, so what happened to the redevelopment lawsuit with the district office? The one who was curious about the ending
6,The storyline is still...
1,An approximation that Koreans would like easily
6,A typical Korean-style human comedy drama. Braking time is good, but the serious problem with this movie forces you to be moved. A C-class movie does not become an A-class movie with just one twist point. The rating is too inflated.
5,This kind of movie still works. I'm sure there's a demand for all these forced stories out of these kinds of materials.
5,English to learn because of the government's inability to solve the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem without the help of the U.S
5,It's a two-point movie with a lame humor in the middle of it, but the story of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery in the second half is okay...
5,I was good at acting Na Moon-hee and Lee Je-hoon in a movie that was not boring and went to the middle. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It's a movie with a theme, but it's easy to promote it. But if the audience is attracted this much, it's like one movie in the middleJehoon and Moonhee drank and walked on the streets of Itaewon. The western girl is so pretty
1,Myungjin-gu Office! I need your help!
1,Korea's history and culture do not talk about pro-North Korean Reds at all, but only about half a day. Because it's a great topic to incite pigs
6,I think it's because I found out that there's a twist. Personally, I didn't feel much emotion in the twist
6,Different points from previous Japanese Military Sexual Slavery movies attracted attention, but the development of many branches in the tree was disappointing
5,It was a good work to see on Chuseok!
6,Honestly, I didn't watch it without jam, but the rating is too high The content is 10 points, but the movie is 4 points So I give you 6 points There are so many part-timers I want to be a critic --ㅡㅡ
6,Honestly, I didn't watch it without jam, but the rating is too high The content is 10 points, but the movie is 4 points So I give you 6 points There are so many part-timers I want to be a critic --ㅡㅡ
6,The combination of historical facts and warm stories was good. But if I wasn't Korean, this movie would be 6 points. But I was immersed in it because I am Korean.
3,I'm sorry, I can't give you a high score for a movie. I went to see it because of the ratings, and I was quite flustered;;;
5,If you can endure the cringe of the first half, which leads to Korean movie-style licorice characters and pun jokes, the second half is quite worth watching. Na Moon-hee shined, but the directing is cringe-worthy
6,To be honest, it was a movie that I expected so much, but I was very disappointed. Needless to say, the Shinpa was severe, the jokes were too boring in between, and Na Moon-hee's acting was a little too much. Without the heavy theme of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, I honestly think it would be difficult to get such a big rating.
6,There's a little bit of boredom.
1,It's not fun. It's like a documentary
3,It's a long introduction for the last impression
6,It was good to use the sensitive topic well, but in the second half of the first half, it was not a relay movie, but it felt like another director wrote it. I can't give you a good score with a movie.
3,I was looking forward to it too much, but it wasn't good. I think it's a movie that's unique to Korean movies
1,I watched it because it was recommended.a flimsy filmI don't understand the rating.
4,Hmmm, a typical commercial movie
3,Just because it's a heavy topic, the script that piled up the Lego tower of the episode cannot be forgiven. (Until the middle, the angle is like a textbook)
4,The message is clear, but the movie is very monotonousIt's hard to get into Na Moon-hee's great acting because the cringe-worthy scenes like the planning video are annoying in the second half
1,a trash movie for Chuseok
6,It's crying and then it's funny...
3,I know what you want to say, but the movie itself is a B-rated movie
1,The story itself seems touching. The story of the middle ending is obvious, the story is boring from the beginning, the story is sloppy, and I didn't watch it from the middle.  The storyline was unnatural and frankly I couldn't concentrate. Koreans have very low standards. I'm disappointed.
6,The purpose of the movie is good, but I think we didn't need Japanese attitudes and lines that could provoke anti-Japanese sentiment
1,If the relationship with the U.S. goes awry one day, Yang Gong-ju, who worked near the U.S. military unit, will be able to see him protesting, claiming that he was forcibly kidnapped by the U.S. military. And even now, many Korean women who work at night businesses in Japan are also suing the Japanese government
6,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryIf you watch movies alone, it's not that fun...
1,It's just a movie that doesn't add up.
1,an emotional movie  Na Moon-hee's forced acting is disgusting
5,The structure of the movie is similar to the director's previous movie Scout.It's a movie that's fun at the beginning and then solves a big problem. Personally, if you're just going to do it with Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, you should've made it deeper and longer. Well, personal preference...
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I understand the message that more people should know the pain of your grandmother and convey the atrocities of Japan to future generationsBut the director has to wake up and reflect on himselfPlease make a good movie next time
6,Please stop using your part-time job in the comments! It's not a bad movie, but you get a lower rating
1,Ideological movies, national enlightenment movies, no fun
1,I feel it again while watching this moviePublic corporations are so much more comfortable than dogs!I play golf, eat, play, and feel it again!
1,He dragged on and then went by in a flash when Japanese Military Sexual Slavery was mentioned
1,Solka's forced setting...It's not funny.
1,It wasn't that funIt's monotonous
6,I didn't know that "I'm sorry" would sound like thisI really liked the view of the movie, which comforted me by saying that I was sorry that I didn't know what was going on inside because I had a hard time, not the history of humiliation
1,Obvious actors and actresses. Obvious hosting
1,I thought it was a comedy, so I looked forward to it, but I was a little embarrassed because the content fell into three thousand pieces in the middle. A movie that appeals to patriotism. I can't get any more bad reviews because I'm sensitive. No, I blocked it from being criticized. I thought the last scene was Independence Day.
6,상관 없어 »
1,It's not funny personally. I yawn and do something else.
5,It's based on a true story, but there are so many parts that don't you think?
5,I'm rethinking the perception of a problem that can't be forgotten over time
6,It's kind of boring at first I think it's worth watching
1,It's not like I hate the lazy Shinpa code that I thought I would cry if I took Na Moon-hee and filmed a movie made of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, but there are not a few scenes where I really need to do this, so the director should reflect on himself
5,No really;;; I was so ridiculous that I was cut off in the middle of this movie about redevelopment that I only felt emotional
6,I didn't like it, but other people say it's funny.
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It's a good thing to think that the story is good because you didn't explain the reason at all
3,Apart from the historical message to convey, it is true that the movie itself is boring and obvious. The desire to sympathize with the pain of the times and actively cope with it was excluded from the score.
1,Those who visit the movie theater to be comforted will definitely regret it.I am too tired of society to accept this movie.
5,I could understand why the characters were crying and shouting. I cried a lot after a long time. Recommend.
1,These topics make money
5,I was crying and laughing, and at first, I watched it with a smile, but later, I cried But it's too much of a forced emotion. Every time I cry and force myself to fit in, my tears stop and my emotions cool down
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slaverya victim's grandmother's forced emotional story
5,It was easy to watch with my family
6,There was nothing much different than the trailer.
6,The message is good, but the inter-episode connection is bad
6,Lee Je-hoon, who came all the way to Washington ahead of the 7th grade interview, was honestly hard to understand
4,It's a movie that I watched comfortably
5,It's just a boring movie
1,I was holding it in
1,I was so sad about the last one, so 1 point...It's a waste of money
6,It was a good movie to watch with my family.  A warm and touching movie.
6,"I'm not looking forward to it. It's okay"
6,It's a story with no theme and tears...
2,I can't even cry
1,Look at the ratings of the critics
1,a high rating for the material The movie itself is a poor production
6,Good. It was fun.
5,It's touching, but it's not fun.
2,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryIt was good to talk about it, but I tried to force the content into it, so the story felt very forced. After the middle, the immersion level is zero.
6,It's a fun movie to watch lightly
6,It's just normal.
1,A poor emotional man for a box office hit for a profit. If you want to have fun, watch a well-made comedy in the DVD room, and if you want to have fun, study history.Your time isn't worth investing in this piece of crap
1,Typical elements that dogs love Japanese Military Sexual Slaverypal, forced touching, of course the movie is distracting and boring
6,It was worth watching. I recommend it
6,There's nothing special
6,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Regardless of the topic, I didn't like it because I felt like I was pouring out "Just cry" instead of making people laugh sometimes.
5,Boring, over-emotional and under-perfect film.It was hard to watch till the end.I watch movies more often than not.
6,The probability of the front content and the back content was somewhat reduced.  Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I didn't think it was a story, but I was looking at the front and wondering what movie this was, and I was a little flustered when Japanese Military Sexual Slavery suddenly came up. There was a touch of sensitive and sad material, but I wish it had melted better
1,I think it's a movie with 6 points, but the rating is so ridiculous that I leave 1 point.
1,I lost money because I missed the timing. What is it is?
6,It's boring, boring and far-fetched
5,My queen wasn't feeling well.
6,A movie that's moderately funny and touching. A movie that's good to watch with your family
3,So what happened to the market redevelopment? I was going to give you 1 point because of the story and the cheesy parts, but I'm going to give you 3 points because of the subject matter...
1,How are you? Fine thank you, Andrew? You've made it so clumsy with a painful history.
5,A meaningful movie!Since my expectations are too high, the score is 5...
3,Na Moon-hee's acting was so good and the material was so good, but the story seems to be overreacting. There are a lot of scenes that make no sense
6,It was a movie that I could predict the story, but it was touching. However, I started learning English because of my younger brother, but the connection to the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery story felt unnatural, and the sudden appearance of my younger brother's heart was closed felt out of the blue.
6,There were a lot of people who said that I cried a lot, but I didn't cry, but I thought I knew why I cried
5,I cried a lot ㅠㅠㅠ
1,It's just that kind of movie. I dozed off
6,It was good to watch with my mom.
1,Aside from the subject matter, I can't believe that Namhansanseong Fortress, which is well-made, has more than 9 points, and that it's not 8 points. I only think that it's a rating attack on Namhansanseong Fortress by people who like Shinpa
1,If there was a Korean movie in the beginning, I could understand the story
5,It is an interesting movie with a combination of laughter and sadness. But the content is a little bit cliche. It was a movie that I had high expectations for, but I was a bit disappointedBut I think it's a good movie to watch with my family at least once. Lee Je-hoon's English pronunciation was sexy, and Na Moon-hee's Japanese pronunciation was refreshing!
1,I will always support them
1,I don't know how to watch movies. I don't think this is right. I think I can watch it on TV during the holidays. It feels like I just made it roughly based on the material. I couldn't concentrate the whole time and it was a waste of Na Moonhee's acting...
6,I think it's a good movie to watch with my family
5,a clumsy comedy that leaves nothing to be desired except for the theme
6,It was the most spectacular commercial movie that came out recently
6,Childish but comfortable and essential
5,The story's not good enough.It feels like the development suddenly changes
1,Too many settings, too many setups to finish and lack of persuasion. It's a sad movie.
1,It's a waste of money. There are a lot of sad movies, but this is really not fun
5,Why do I keep thinking about English conquest?
6,It wasn't bad, but I didn't think it would be a fatal spoiler to learn about your grandmother's past before watching it.
1,It's really fascinating... After watching it, I thought it was a movie that was objectively not very good, but judging by the rating, the movie definitely feels different for each person If it weren't for the subject, I'd really like to curse at you, but the subject is the subject, so I'll refrain from making such extreme expressions.
5,It's not that funny. It's a normal movie that makes you laugh 3 or 4 times and then sad at the end. I saw Beomjo City and it wasn't good.
5,I looked forward to the rating, but it's not good. I like crime cities better
3,I like what I'm trying to say and the actors' acting, but I don't think they care about the story at all.
5,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it so much...lol
3,To be honest, it's not a movie that's more than 9 points.Na Moon-hee, I liked your acting at Jinju's house.But I don't think it's a movie with 9 points.
1,It's my honest opinion.
6,I went to the movies with my wife and parents. I enjoyed watching it! a family-friendly spirit
4,It's not as good.I was bored.
1,No more of this
2,The topic was good, but the probability of the story is so low that I can't get into it
5,It's a touching and good movie that makes you think about the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem! But it's funIt's not full of stuff!
5,It's just...I think the director is smart... Although it is a false possibility, it has made good use of the painful historical material of Koreans to make it a box office hit.I didn't cry, of course, in a movie that made me tear up.
6,The actors' acting is excellent, but it feels like they just used a heavy material called Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
5,I looked at it because the rating was high, but it was so so.
6,It's touching and I understand what you're trying to convey, but it's not likely at all.
2,I was watching and came out in the middle.
1,It was meaningful that I was completely fooled by the Internet score and Na Moon-hee's acting was good, but it was boring for a movie, the story development was not smooth, and it was boring in the middle I don't think I'm taking the time to watch it in the movie theater
1,It's so much fun! 10 characters ^^
5,At the end, it shows sad history, but in a movie, it is childish, forced smile.  I've been sweating all this time.
5,Trying to be funny, but not funny because I'm not good at comic acting
1,It's a sad history, but it's a story that many people need to see. Out of the blue, forced story making, etc. It felt like watching a third-rate movie. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery In fact, I think it's a movie that's hard to show, whether it's a victim grandmother story or a box office hit
5,Usually, movies... Hmm...Haha
6,There are so many parts that break the flow.There are a lot of forced points.Suddenly, the lobby is screaming for help.The story is good, but the flow is...It's nothing.
1,The worst movie without touching, tears, fun, laughter, and twist! It's such a waste of money. I don't recommend it
6,It would have been more elegant if I had saved the Shintoists!
4,It was a shame. The atmosphere suddenly changed, and the content was cut off from time to time, so I lost concentration. It's a little disappointing to say that it's touching (the reason why my brother said he didn't want to see me, the reason why he suddenly came to see me, etc.). The early morning discount is worth seeing.
6,The production was so cringe-worthy.There were a lot of things I tried to force myself to do, and I think it would have been better to express it more plainly in important areas, even if it was funny I think that's how you feel.I kept watching it and it felt like I was getting in the way of the directing
4,The characters are emotionally improbable and sinister
1,Ratings adjustment: When I see it, I laugh at the crazy story, but when I come home, I get angry with the director.It's so mean to use materials that are never light like this.What's the difference between warships and i-canspeaks in that they use our painful history for shallow tactics?Behind the applause of the deceived audience lies the director's black intentions and the great performances of the actors
6,strike a chord a fine performance
5,It's fun, but it's a bummer
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, redevelopment, government employees' theme, red family movies, straw-swept movies, not funny movies to watch if it's not a big deal
1,Is the commercial a spoiler now? Lee Je-hoon's appearance and concept that he saw in the Alpha One card advertisement were the same. Don't use films as Moon Jae In government propaganda tools. Like the "people come first" chant... It has a good meaning, but think about it, too, that art is the mistress of politics
1,The score I want to give is 4 to 5 points, but it's too high, so I give you 1 point.The actors' emotional acting was good and the material was good.Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryIt was so unnatural to pursue an anti-war sentiment by forcibly linking them. If you were an ambiguous actor, you probably wouldn't hear good things.
6,The introduction was rather novel, but there was a lack of tension in the second half of the process.
6,It's the level of an enlightenment movie
1,It's a movie that was made roughly for Chuseok. A movie with no emotion, no fun, and nothing right. I want to say a word to the director. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery If you want to make a movie with a theme, you have to make it properly with a sense of mission. What is this?
1,?It was uncomfortable to see together because it handled sensitive material.Except for that, it was a boring movie.
2,The movie itself is a typical Korean-style kimchi comedy + a new drama. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is a movie that is perfect for making a typical Korean audience cry with its synergy with kimchi comedy. The movie itself is sloppy and crude.
1,I was really looking forward to it.The story is too cliche, too improbable, too disappointed...I'm gonna watch a crime city
3,a common Korean film Japanese Military Sexual Slaverya well-intentioned but too obvious production and screenplay
4,The movie is too precious for us to handle. It seems like you force yourself to eat a lot of nutritious things... It's too much for her to sacrifice for the people in the neighborhood.Until Japanese Military Sexual Slavery... I realized that I shouldn't eat too many nutritious things.
2,Is this really fun? Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It was nice to talk about the problem, but, um...
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery That's the part that needs to be solved, but the story doesn't connect at all. Redevelopment, English, lost brother, then suddenly Japanese Military Sexual Slavery.Of course, your acting was great, but personally, it wasn't good.
6,It was touching, but I could feel it from the title. It's not like there's a twist. It's a bit sad
1,I really threw away my money... It was a break after a long time
1,The story progression, characters, emotions, and so on. It's a sad movie
4,I was a bit disappointed after watching Kingsman 2, and I thought Kingsman was much better
6,I want the movie to be all about entertainment. There's nothing to repeat and just look mean by bringing up the past that was powerless. It is more important to make a better history in the future. Evaluated as a movie with a lot of emotional stimulation at a low cost.
6,a typical funny movie
1,It's all good, but it's more cowardly than a warship to ask for a sudden Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem.
4,I understand what you want to talk about, and it's delivered, but Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is not interesting or exciting because I'm looking forward to it before it comes out.crying
1,alternating dozing off with one's son
5,I didn't know it was SHINHWA, but it was fun
6,The last one seems too far-fetched, but it's something to watch with your parents
5,Funny, I almost cried, but anyway, funny
1,It's completely forced, even one point earlier, the operationalization, the comic elements that don't even work in between, the ridiculous forced development, the strange development that makes the Japanese brainless
1,What is this development while watching a movie? I felt it 7 times
5,I wouldn't have watched it if I had known it was a super boring guk-pong welcome. I thought I was going to die trying to hold back my grammar and yawning.
5,I watched it with my mother and son, and everyone enjoyed it.The depth of the content is sloppy, but it's okay for the whole family to see.
3,I trusted NAVER rating and watched it. I can't believe it.
1,Even one point, the three major movies, Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, impeachment, and the current administration's state-run business, are extremely left-handed
1,It's just that I'm drowsy. Ha, ha
1,I just threw away my eyes. There's no story, I'm not emotional, I'm not patriotic, I'm really like a Korean movie. It's the worst movie I've seen recently.
5,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery should be remembered, but his sect should be removed. The camera angle is like it's trying to squeeze out tears, and the sound is suddenly loud... Causing irritation!
6,Kanada Ramabasa Azachaka
1,It's just whatever. It's just whatever
6,It wasn't as fun as I expected, but it has a moving point.
5,It's kind of boring the whole time I watch it like it's forced together.I think I tried to put too much into itThat's why I can't focusMy parents-in-law, who was watching with me, were asleep.
5,I think it's a movie that's not that touching or sad
3,It's too bad. It's just an anti-Japanese sentiment that's useless. Why is Shin Chae-ho's remark that he grabbed Rhee Syng-man by the collar, saying, "There is no future for a nation that has forgotten history," but he did not do anything about the independence movement. The real lesson is that people who forget history have a future.
5,A hope that I want to touch my heart lightly and heavily.
6,Fact of history lessons that skip the truth like the teaching of English that makes you stutter after 16 years of learning
2,Soonjun and I, My Money 2?
1,This kind of movie is really cursing. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, 5.18 and 6.25 War, begging for ratings. There is no content and it's not so funny, but it's a sensitive topic that even critics can't lower their ratings. I hope the movie directors have some responsibility for making movies with this theme. A movie worse than watching a drama.
4,I was going to make it into a comedy, but I tried to put in a forced touching chord
1,I trusted the ratings. It's the most boring movie. You can watch it lying down at home while eating squid and peanuts
1,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryBefore you talk, do something about Korean OO who are selling their bodies voluntarily in Japan
1,Kimchi Warrior-class Nuclear Waste
1,It's like 1A++ Korean beef sirloin and making instant ramen.
5,It's worth watching. Actor Na Moonhee is cool
1,The story is all mixed up...
1,It's a new wave movie that makes you cry. It's a bummer
6,A movie that didn't have a good storyline. I didn't understand why my younger brother cursed when he called me for the first time, and later persuaded me to cry and whine at my mother. In addition, some comic scenes were worth watching, but there were some forced aspects.
5,I don't really recommend it I watch Cook TV at home when I'm bored
1,It's touching. Our country finally made a good movie. Moonhee's acting is really awesome
1,I think the movie is pretty boring.
5,I trusted the ratings and watched it with my parents, and the reviews here are so much like a part-time job.The movie was terrible...In the second half of the year, the theme suddenly changed, and the emotions I received in front of the cringe-worthy lines and directions disappeared. The main topic is supposed to come out a few minutes before it's over.
1,"It's not funny at all, but it's not funny at all." They were so loud because they were giggling
2,The old story and the tear-jerker god... I can see the story, and if you tell me not to say that line, I'll do it without hesitation. Redevelopment stories suddenly disintegrate.I almost went crazy because my hands and feet were cringe-worthy. The trial scene was worth watching, but the "How are you" gave me goosebumps...
1,Let's lower it
4,The box office is too much. Is it full of part-timers?
1,Where did all the redevelopment stories that ate you for over an hour disappear?
5,You will see how exaggerated the Naver rating is. Boring and far-fetched developments except for the second half of the trial scene. It was an unbearable two hours
1,I hate it. I hate it. I hate it
1,Well, I agree with the subject, but I'm a little annoyed by the forced touching The actors' acting was good, but... I give you one point in the hope that there will be no forced touching movie. It wasn't bad
1,A movie that was made to be popular for the holidays. It says Japanese Military Sexual Slavery story in the preview from the beginning and makes a movie. I edit only touching things and make it like a funny and touching movie to make money on Chuseok, so that I can fish people.Worst. Why? I made a mistake with the trailer.
6,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryIt was a good movie to rethink about my grandmother.As a movie, I feel that the progress is loose and the story is not well woven
1,7 points. A movie that you can watch with your family during Chuseok holidays.It wasn't a waste because there was a free ticket. But the score is too high, so I give you 1 point to control it
1,Are you talking about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery again? Stop talking about it. The Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem is boring. As far as I know, she gave me a lot of compensation, but that's the same with the girl award. Please stop...
1,I was fooled by the rating. A typical Gukppong story! I'm forced to cry Shame on Korean Movies! A monster that Moon Jaehwan would like! Reflect on the women in their 20s who gave 10 points to the worst movies of their low-quality lives. Stupid women! 18-year-old conservative Han Soo-bok in Busan
1,It's definitely a touching movie, but it's half-cut, so the front and the back are different. It's not that it doesn't make sense at all, but it didn't go smoothly. It's a story flow
1,Why are you belittling a 9th-grade civil servant?
6,In the scene where the two girls were protecting each other, it was really hard for me because the movie "Homecoming" overlapped.
6,It's a nice, good-message movie, but it can't be helped that it's tacky, boring and boring. A movie that would have been terrible without the last hearing. Directors and writers should not be forced to be boring just because they have good and good messages.
4,Just. If you look forward to laughing, the preview is everything
1,The story is just so-so. LEE JAE HOON and SUNG YU BIN
6,It's not my favorite movie, but I was impressed
1,The movie was totally fooled by the best score; it was not funny at all, it was not funny at all, it was not touching at all; I was completely fooled by the score, and I felt the movie was such a waste of money
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The problem is certainly a matter for which Japan should apologize. But the movie is not fun. It's not funny at all and it's not that touching... I don't know why the first complaint came out.
6,I'll have to watch it. I can't compare it to the anticipated Namhansanseong Fortress
1,I'm from the rating board.
3,Yes, yes, yes, yes
1,Do film directors in this country have anything else to talk about except Japanese Military Sexual Slavery? I watched it because I thought it was a family humor movie during Chuseok, and it's so unpleasant.
1,a poor work compared to a warship I was bored to death
5,I can't even cry because my emotions seem to be cut off. It feels like the director worked hard to develop the drama. I think if you cry, it's not because the movie is good, it's because you have feelings about the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem
6,A movie that makes you think of a good movie
1,Don't watch movies like this. What a waste of money
1,It's a waste of a single o. I thought it would be compared to the warship, but it's the same.Don't use it commercially because of the pain our country has
5,Good to see with family. Typical Korean Comedy
1,You'd better watch Kingsman
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Dealing with sensitive topics such as problems does not increase the completeness of the movie. From the first scene to the first half, I thought I was talking about the pain of the common people due to redevelopment, but at some point, the topic suddenly changes to Japanese Military Sexual Slavery. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I wish I had just focused on it.
4,In the early and mid-term, it is a humorous humanistic film, and in the mid-to-late half, the story begins with the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery story, throwing away all the previous story behind. In my eyes, it was even deceitful to me that a certain person was turned around by acknowledging only the main character's speech while criticizing the victim's testimony with coldly.
5,It's a good story, but it's stuck
6,It's kind of boring overall. The production intention was good, but it's too bad. Look at Kingsman insteadㅠㅠㅠ
3,Although it is a touching movie with a good material, it seems that the development without probability, the moment of the character appearance without probability, and the number of redevelopment projects that were raised with importance in front of it have been completed carelessly.
1,It's a sensitive subject, so I wonder if it's because people who are bored didn't grade it
1,A collaboration between Jehoon's fan club and distributor's part-timers
1,Megal's coming in and sucking it up.
1,It's very boring. I know what it is, but it's boringI think we should talk about this in a TV drama
1,The marketing fee will be evaluated in the comments and ratings and comments
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I think it's okay to stop coming out in the movie. Of course, it is a nuisance to keep on hurting others, and they may have agreed to do so, but it is disastrous in the past, but there is no solution to finding reality in Korea.
3,Do I have to pay to watch this? I can't believe that a Korean movie and a masterpiece like Kingsman are getting the same admission fee Is your head an amoeba? Isn't it a waste of money?
1,I don't have anything else to say except "Mesquil"
1,Is this really a 9.37-point movie? Let's adjust the score with the right score. Please don't give me ridiculous scores
1,Let's distort history, lefties
1,Should I watch it on TV? It's a waste of money to watch it in theaters
6,It's kind of boring. There are a lot of fun and moving parts are obvious.
6,It was a simple but entertaining movie with attractive actors
1,Theme x probability x comedy x touching x 1 point o
1,Aston's Waste Land
1,The film itself is frankly not very good, but it is heavily overrated for its sensitive subject matter of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
1,The old lady who reported to the district office turned out to be Japanese Military Sexual Slavery?They can't even get out of the world because of their social prejudice, but the director's movie score is a waste of money trying to make money out of a random story and Japanese Military Sexual Slavery material. It's the first time I've seen a movie in my life that Iife
6,The ability of the actors and the uncanny of the Scenario. I don't think it's enough to go to Sinpa. I saw it as a fan of Mrs. Na. But it's nice to see with your parents.
6,The movie is fun. The acting is good, but Japanese Military Sexual Slavery came out of nowhere, so it's not likely. It's forced. It's a movie where you can see the intention of crying and laughing. It's a movie where the ending is too obvious
1,There's a rumor that we're going to adjust the ratings
6,It's worth watching, but not enough to pay for it It's fun and touching. It's normal
1,Who wrote the scenario? It's a zero-realistic movie. What a waste of money
6,Is it okay for the character and reality to collapse for the director's intended scene?
6,It's easy to see all the family members on Chuseok
5,It was just like that
1,.. I have a review.  Changing...
6,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I feel the same way about the problem.That's the case with any Korean citizen.But when I saw the movie as a work, it wasn't a movie out of 10 for me.I only remember a few actors' passionate acting.
1,No fun! Kingsman is so much fun!
5,Teacher Na Moonhee does everything
3,The front part is a little boring, but...It's worth watching... Japanese atrocities are angry until the end.
1,You really have a part-time job. This kimchi-sentimental movie is disgusting
5,What happens to the redevelopment problem and why does the story suddenly go to Grandma Okbun...?
1,I searched for the glasses that Jehoon wore and found out that they were expensive glasses brandI can't agree at all to write such a thing as a 9th-grade civil servant, and I just think money is just a movie.
5,The material is great, but it's cliche and uncharacteristic for a movie. I couldn't concentrate because of the two scenes that unfold without probability. 1)Lee Je-hoon screaming at the district office 2) Lee Je-hoon sticking out of the U.S. Congress with a picture. It was so forced that I was out of focus.
6,If you look forward to "Fun", it's definitely a heavy movie...I wish I had the fun of being a taxi driver.
1,I think the purpose itself was good, but the movie itself is the worst...
5,There is only one advantage, but the advantage is very strong. But it's too childish
6,There's less comedy than I thought
1,Are there only part-timers here? I trusted you and went to watch it. It was so boring and childish. I thought I was watching Running Man. I really should have watched Harkingsman
6,Best Actor Lee Jae-hoon and Na Moon-hee
1,It would have been okay if we had just blocked redevelopment and ended up meeting my younger brother, but we would have changed the direction of the story out of nowhere and caused a lot of emotion, so low-level movies, like taxi drivers, take a taxi driver
6,A desperate word, iKANSPEAK
2,It's a story that's so obvious whether my feelings are dry or not, I wasn't sad, I was bored, I was dozing off.
5,It was just like that. It wasn't as sad as I thought
3,It's so much funKook, good, good
1,The setting of the complaint itself is bad luckHave you ever thought about the people who suffered from the old lady?The movie
5,It was a necessary movie, but it was boring because it was too obvious
1,Stories full of holes...I can only laugh
