동방불패
6,Lim Chung Ha is getting bloated. In the early '90s, there was a boom in martial arts and public action boomed.
4,The score is funny and high like Clementine's.Lim Chung Ha's voice doesn't even match his lips. The last fight scene is sloppy.
1,Even though your limbs are amputated, disintegrated, your whole body is torn apart, your head is broken, and your head is torn apart, is it still a 15-year-old movie?That's so cruel.Sowoo is weaker than this.
1,Too much time has passed.I can't understand the emotions of those days
2,The textbook image of martial arts movies and the subtle emotional lines between Eastern Immortals and Young Ho Chung... It's definitely a good movie ahead of its time, but I don't think it's in the 9-point range
1,The resolution is so bad My eyes hurt
6,It's like an old movie. The style that 70s would like
1,I don't know... It's like old men's memories I don't think it's a movie that deserves such a high rating
1,Let's not glorify the past. It's not a nine-point movie with all the wires you can see. Even considering the times, 8 points
2,a level well below the expectations of
4,The story and the production are not as good as the previous one. In particular, subtle romance accounts for a considerable portion, so the flow feels cut off.
6,The parts that may have been edited and cut are regrettably short
5,I was looking forward to a fancy action, but there was nothing to eat at the famous party
5,Lim Chung-ha's acting ability, which is the Eastern Invincible itself, is commendable.  However, since Lim Chung-ha's character is heavy, it is regrettable that Lee Yeon-gul's character is weakened compared to the weight that comes out.
6,There is a sense of emptiness to lead the renaissance of Hong Kong movies
1,Im Chung-ha, a 40-year-old grandmother, was unable to immerse herself in the movie and didn't want to compete. I wish that the beautiful woman who ate 20 would be Dongbang invincible
5,No matter how hard it is, there is nothing to get from dubbing, gag, or action.
1,The editing is rough and distracting. Even the actors outside Lim Chung-ha lack acting skills.
1,the condition of being superior to a small and strong
1,A movie that shows only Lim Chung Ha's charm
1,It's a masterpiece
1,It's too corny.
6,My hands and feet cringe.
4,I wonder why this movie is so boring. Since Lim Chung Ha and Lee Yeon Geol are coming out... It's not my type
1,Honestly, I don't think it's around 9... Even considering it's an old movie...
5,Mock-mugger
1,Looking at it now, it's absurd, childish, boring, forced
1,That's so childish
5,You know, like a ghost or something.I really don't understand the rating over 9 points. I don't know about the Journey to the West
2,It's funny
1,The first movie that came out in the middle of the movie...
1,I tried to watch it till the end ㅜㅜ
1,A movie that has only Lim Chung Ha's charm
5,Compared to TVXQ's oppa, he's less charismatic.
6,It's fun
6,Well, it was worth seeing.
1,Honestly, it's boring and boring.I watched it because of Lee Yeon-gul.That's not funny...
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,the worst
2,Let's not give points as a memory
4,It's good to watch for fun.
1,I love Kim Yong's martial arts, but it's too obvious and it's not funny
1,It depends on your preference. I heard about it and it's not good...
5,Hmm... I guess it depends on your preference.
2,It used to be fun, but if you watch it now, it's like this
5,It would have been fun if I watched it long time ago, but now that I see it, it's not good
1,There was no jam.
1,It's not this bad Did you really see that?
6,I don't really like martial arts.And I can't relate to neutral acting
1,I don't like it
1,I don't want to see you again
1,I'm an elementary student. Look at this
1,TVXQ! OO!
1,Throw it out.
6,But if you look at the original "Sao Gang-ho," 6 points is too much.
2,Memories are buried as memories...
1,I don't really like it's
4,The story itself is not smooth, even if it's distracting
1,This isn't right
1,needless to say
1,I'm sorry. I shouldn't have seen this again
1,a film worth watching
1,I haven't even seen Shawshank escape yet. This isn't very...
1,This crazy scam
3,What, this,
1,This is 9.33 points? It wasn't funny--
1,The best trash in my life
1,This isn't right.-_-
1,It's not enough to win first place
1,No matter how hard it is, first place is kind of... -_-
3,It's just a Hong Kong movie
5,It's just a Hong Kong movie
1,I'm not trying to pick a fight, but I still don't know the fun of this movie.
1,That's weird!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,Strangely, it wasn't good
1,not much
6,The best?!
1,I thought it was going to be a lot of fun. Big disappointment... -_-
1,That's not good. Give me one point because you're cursing TVXQ
3,It's fun, but the word masterpiece doesn't wake up.
