아이언 자이언트
6,I don't know if this is the first time, but I'm not impressed because I've encountered so many similar clichés.
1,Just normal
6,Self-defence is expressed in such a one-dimensional way that it can instill the wrong idea of peace in children.
6,Parents who watch movies with their kids. Teach them manners when they watch movies It's basic to hit from behind the chair. Why are you talking loudly?  Parents who don't have a concept. Why do other people have to endure it because of their kids?
3,It's a movie I wish I'd seen when I was young
4,I saw the average score of 9 and 10, but I fell asleep in the middle... I think it's a difficult movie for an adult to watch.
6,I thought it was going to be remade into 3D, but it's not...
1,Nobody.
1,,,,,,,,,,,오쿠루이익튀르트
1,klnkhjt6u56uft
1,과학 기술 호수는 밝은 태양에 머리도 흙도 있다.
6,When is the second part coming out?
6,A robot that came to Earth at the risk of death to become a work of art!
1,I gave you 1 point because of someone.
1,Boredom... I think Annie is definitely from Japan
3,It's a very obvious plot.
6,It's pure, but it's old and cliche.
1,I'm not saying it's not fun, but NAVER rating 100 yuan and rating 9.33 seems too much. I think Annie's rating is too high on NAVER's rating is too high^^: 1 point for management
1,It's not a movie. Let's lower the rating
5,Maybe it's because I've been drinking, but even though it's a work that expresses ideology, even if the director is excellent, it's an animation that I feel repulsed because of its blatant description... It may be like that at the time of its release, but it is already behind the times.
4,The story of a robot posing as a friend.
6,A good movie for kids. There's no sense of boredom. There is.
1,The story is like 1970's
6,Chuncheon National Museum of Korea June 1st, Singyeong works seem to be unreasonable.
1,It's really annoying. A fake set-up, a storybook that doesn't resonate, a male lead who pretends to be good all the time...It was the worst movie ever
1,The rating is too high... //
6,I'm more touched than Pacific Rim!
1,Listen to me
1,I'm from a ridiculous can
6,Hogus, don't be so sad.
1,It's the rating committee. How can this be 10 points?
5,Compared to Pixar and Disney animations, it's a lot less developed. There's a sense of exaggerated
1,I don't really...
1,Unexcellent material, plot, and forced emotion. It's not a movie, it's an animation. It's a piece of cake. 7.3 points
6,I've never seen such a high score for an animation, but it's below my expectations
1,All right, all right, all right, all right. Annie's ratings are too high...
1,This isn't it
2,Personally, a 6-7-star movie... It's boring. I was really looking forward to it. Childish and obvious
1,What's wrong with the rating? This is really not it It's worth 7 points. What do you mean 9?
1,Oh, this is not it. . . . . .seriously...It's a movie with a rating of 8
5,Have you lost your real innocence? You're not impressed.
1,be overrated
5,Have you lost your innocence?I'm sorry I didn't feel touched.
5,I watched it because it had a high rating and a high overall ranking; it's not worth taking the time to watch it. It's too obvious
1,I don't recommend it
6,It's obvious. I don't understand why the ratings are so high. It's no different from other animations
5,I didn't know there were so many people who were touched by children's animations.If you're in the lower grades of elementary school, you'll enjoy it
4,I enjoy watching animation, but it was just an ordinary children's cartoon.
6,It's just like that.
5,I turned it off because I was bored
6,What's the point of trying to find a touching moment? There was no great emotion.
2,Hmm, too high a rating... I think there are too many sentimental people
4,I was tricked by a third-rate emotional jockey rating
1,This is really not it
6,I think it would be good to make a live-action movie with a good story
1,This is 5 points, but the score is high, so 1 point...
1,Not really...
1,Even if it's a fun and meaningful movie, I don't think it's a good grade.
1,It was pretty good Half rating for rating reliability ^^;
6,Forget the rating...If you look forward to it too much, you might be disappointed.
6,Honestly, I didn't feel this level of emotion.
1,Cartoons for children...Childish.
1,It's a movie that a kindergarten student will watch
1,It's not number one
1,It wasn't good... I shouldn't have seen it.
1,It's weird... Why am I not sad? Why am I sad when I'm just stuck in a nuclear bomb at the end?
1,It's fishing in Nogal Don't be fooled
1,a funny business
1,I don't think it's that good.T
2,Compels King Kong and Frankenstein's comic book unconvincing, predictable impression
1,The content is beautiful and pretty, but it's boring until the middle.I wonder where the robot came from
4,I was fooled by NAVER's rating
1,I don't like cartoons
2,It's a good movie, but it's rated too high! One star to get 7 points
1,It's not an obvious story
1,It's a good thing, but... I can't believe I got 1st GPA.;
1,It's good, but you need to keep your score Guys
1,Too high...
1,No. 1 is really not itPlease
1,It's not funny
1,Not funny;
2,These days, it seems that NAVER Young Hwan Elementary School (including those under 17-18 years old) is leading it.I can't watch childish things before I'm touched
5,86 minutes is a waste
1,It's for elementary school students
1,This isn't right. Are you crazy? Elementary school power is strong.
1,One point
1,Well, I don't...
1,What is this?
1,Hmm.. Am I too old..It's just childish
5,It would've been the best back then, but the story is too obvious for 2008
1,not much
1,Oh, I enjoyed watching it
1,Are you kidding?
1,What?
1,This is not good.;; I'm sorry for those who enjoyed it.
3,Cartoons for children...The reason for the box office defeat is natural.
1,I'm sorry. I was curious about other ratings, but it's not my style.
1,I guess animations are not my type
1,What a waste of time
1,It's really boring
1,Not good.
1,I'm bored.
1,Why is this number one?
5,It's fun, but it's not the highest rating.
1,It's a medicine.
1,It's a little too much...ㅠ_ㅠ
1,There are a lot of masterpieces. What is this?
1,This isn't number one, right?No way...
1,I'm sorry, but we can't win first place
1,It's a bit salty
1,Can't take it.
1,I can't believe the first place... Where did the first place disappear yesterday?
1,Not good.
1,Because of a secret I can't tell you
1,It is the best animation, but this kind of movie can't be number one.
1,I can't believe it
1,Not really
3,You didn't even get to watch the fun and good Annie?
6,I'm touched when I shout Superman after the mysterious connection between the robot and the child
6,Hmm..I don't really understand the interesting and the message I'm trying to convey...
5,Not really. The graphics are not good, the composition is too simple and boring
5,I remember the robot saying, "Are you going to die, too?"
