가버나움
6,capharnaum
2,Koreans are very strange. After watching that movie, I gave him a high rating like a male character. Is there a funnier irony than this? Koreans, isn't that movie making itself child abuse in your eyes? There's a scene where children smoke, and you don't accuse them of being a child abuse movie? I'm sure Hitler is going to cry too. You can't make such a movie in Korea. Why, for Koreans who are fussing about dog smoking, the child smoking scene in the movie itself is child abuse. Jung-jae, now that you've turned your hand upside down and scored a movie, I'm laughing like a dog. That movie is impossible to produce in Korea. Why, because of child abuse. It's horrifying how dramatic and petulant they are. In Korea, production itself is impossible, so be ashamed of yourself for playing foreign movies and giving high ratings to me.
1,Syrian version of Park Hwa-young is the worst
6,To be honest, I was touched because I didn't think it was as sad as I've ever been. Everything seems relative. But I like the line from the last Zain line. God seems to want man to be trampled.
6,I get emotional when I drag the water bottle
6,
1,Boring.
1,It was the worst
6,No one knows the Middle East version of Goreeda
6,It's just a true story and an actor's power, and there's no impressive production
1,
6,the process by which the prophets have their final fire at the end of a thunderbolt If it was a documentary, I would give you 10 points. I don't think it's 10 points for a movie.
1,The director is Muslim, so he focused on poverty, but Islam is the problem after all.
1,Too high to rate for reduction
1,That's too much
1,The movie was good, but the rating of 9.54 was too high, 1 point for average adjustment
1,
1,I think it's going to be foam.
1,Thank you. My score is a waste
5,It's a reality somewhere on the same planet that you don't want to believe, and there's probably a hell of a place. Although there are some awkward aspects of acting like a child and the fake setting of accusing parents, the acting of the main character was surprising
1,U.N. and U.S. are all OO. The African, Latin American civil war is all to blame for the white keys!
4,What is it all about?
1,Refugee out, Lebanese-style sentimental arm
6,I'm disappointed when I'm looking forward to it
4,It's touching, but it doesn't suit me. But I know it's many times better than movies like extreme jobs.
1,To be honest, it wasn't good... LOL
5,In 20 minutes, I can see the content of this movie clearly, and the rest of it was just a series of boredom, the Gaemong movie has too high a rating
1,I can't believe it's real
1,The rating is too high. Let's lower it
2,Look at the reality of Europe today. Whether Islam is a pathological society is their problem. God who saves those 'poor people' at least doesn't live in Europe. Pity for others is always a double-edged sword. That's why you're unhappy in Korea, who feel bad for them
6,It's a delicate film of the lives of Lebanese refugees, but it's hard to make them understand because the eyes of the movie are captivated by the cheap pity of those who only know their lives. If you sympathize with Jain's grief and anger, you don't deserve to discuss their lives.
1,It's not my style and it's not fun anyway.
1,Documentary Kata Not Fun
2,The film, which won high praise and applause at the Oscars and various film festivals, had more crying in the back seat than applause after screening...I think this is the difference between the East and the West.There is a family, but there is no classroom for fun^^;
5,Europe's plight seems to have been reflected in the film's evaluation. I sympathize with the suffering of refugees, but in fact, there may be a desire at the same time to tell them, "You can't handle it, but stop giving birth."
1,This kind of movie... It'sure
3,I love this realist accusation movie, but the storyline is normal and boring. The camera work was good.  The story is a bit disappointing. But it's a movie that makes me thankful that I was born in Korea, where the country protects and the system protects
6,Rather than criticism of clumsy standards and standards, the child's deep and heavy eyes represent everything.
1,It's a good movie, but it's not that high
1,They're doing well right now
2,After watching the movie, I was eating and saw a little kid dressed up as a luxury brand
5,It's a movie that I want to have an aunt like Sohn Hye-won.The reality is that poor people suffer a lot, and employment is even more difficult
6,It's so touching. My heart... ㅜㅜ
2,Syrian refugees can't do that
2,A sophisticated and emotional movie to promote refugees. He is openly saying what he did to promote refugees, but it is hard to accept the movie comfortably because his intention is clear.
6,The directing was good and the empathy was great, but I don't want to watch a movie defending refugees even if I don't get paid. I heard that Green Book, which won the same prize, is homosexual, but probably a movie based on the stories of people who were terrorized by refugees will never win the prize.
1,I made a reservation, but I fell asleep, so I couldn't watch it
5,I feel sad and disgusted by humans. But it was kind of boring.
5,I'd rather name it a documentary than a movie.The story progression, which is too difficult for me and extremely realistic, made me feel more frustrated than the movie's original emotion. What is the reason why your acquaintance recommended watching with your child? I hope the children don't feel the lightness of relative happiness watching this movie
6,I almost fell asleep. I know what you want to say in the movie, but the movie was too long and boring.
6,It's kind of sad...Even now, this ridiculous situation is happening next to the earthYou!
4,Feeling forced throughout the movie.The heater at the theater was so hot that I couldn't breathe
6,The message of the movie is cheering for Vai, but the movie itself...
1,Are you trying to open up Christianity? a film made for public self-satisfaction
1,A film that is needed only for those who need sympathy. It was worse than a documentary to solve this reality seriously and was monotonous to arouse dramatic interest. The current state of the overstated sensitivity of the Paris Salon leftists
4,Heaven can only be occupied by the poor at heart
5,Five points is satisfaction with the movie. I just watched the movie. Of course, it's not a movie that I watch as 'fun', and it's not a movie that's very immersive. It's calm and boring. However, it is a movie that shows what the current window is. It's a movie that makes me think about this and that.
6,I saw it yesterdayI guess there are a lot of obsessive-compulsive people who have to give a high rating for this kind of movie~It's just a ball, but I don't think it's a grade like this30 to 40 minutes in the middle is kind of boring
1,a fictional film made out of political intentions
1,It's not a movie. It's just a companion
6,It's not a movie to watch for fun or emotion. It's a movie that makes you think. It's like watching a documentary
5,which in the end was not clear what was meant to be said. The movie that was unfortunate to end
1,I think it's rigged. Did I get fooled by the rating again? Never watch low-budget independent films or documentary film types.  It doesn't fit me 100%. Hardly restored movie hobbies may fall off.
