허스토리
3,Look at Yoon Mi-hyang and Lee Yong-soo as they are!
1,a history-distorting film that incites anti-Japanese sentiment
1,This isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't rightThis isn't right
2,Okay, the first mistake of the story is the style of Kim Hee-ae's character. From the first time I saw him, he had awkward wig-like bobbed hair and oversized square glasses like Cursatium. It's really the end of the unnatural.
1,It's sad to see how many dog pigs there are in this country at this point in time. At this level, sex offenders are glorified if they're left-wing
1,' Jeong Euiyeon. "House of Sharing"
1,Feminism stinks.Anyway, prostitution is illegal and a crimeIf you're kidnapped and threatened to kill someone, and you're forced to kill someone for years, is that legal self-defense?Can you get paid by the gangsters and dare me to give you another chance to tell you don't remember? Tell me. If we show empathy and advocate, things will change? I am also a woman, but if I were you, I would say thank you for letting me live and eat well^^ Don't be under the illusion that all women think the same as you do and play with your incitement ^^ㅗ
1,..,,.,.,.,。Project library to future generations for protection
1,Why are all the women's movies ruined?And why do you only see women?
6,It's valuable as a history education, and it shows respect for the victims, but overall, it's not a very good movie.
1,Seventy-four-seven-seven-seven-seven-seven-seven-a-side light
1,I learned history through movies and imitated the citizens
2,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is a concept that you all know well. It's completely different. Therefore, Japanese military sexual slavery, who was drafted for military duty, and Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, who was sold as an up girl by a Korean pimp and eventually went to a brothel, are completely different in nature. ignorant
1,It's kind of boring. I'll give you 1 point because there's no zero.
1,Korea, which distorts and fabricates the truth of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery and informs the world of its vulgarity!
6,Hmm well made movie!
4,Is it because of the accent or the sound? I can't hear the lines well
1,It's all over after getting an apology and compensation. If it weren't for the American friends, I'd want to play again
6,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryI'm not disparaging you. I can't listen to your dialect
1,Why is their show canceled only because they are relaxed?
1,Please don't make this stuff up, international disgrace
1,The 1 point I give you is 11 points, not 1 point!
6,Drama... TV drama film?
4,Ah, Canspeak, Hearstory.  To be honest, I think you're making too much of it.
1,Let's play politics with history, Jaein
6,The process of moving from early to mid to late is not smooth. I'm not good at making movies, but when I go to the end, I cry ㅠㅠㅠ
4,Kim Heeae, is this all you can do?
1,It's also a skill to make a good subject unconvincingly admonish. ㅜㅜ
1,Although Kim Hee-ae's acting ability was not controversial, but it was not enough to reflect history and the true story of the time, even though she was able to be incorporated into the real government and social content. Where on earth was the basis of acting reflected?
2,Is it an independent movie? grossly tacky and awkward It's a story. It's her story and I get it. What's with the story? The title is just like that.
1,I always make a political movie, but do I have to play this on Chuseok TV special? What about KBS? They play this movie every holiday. What's the good thing about this? What do Japanese tourists think? What pathetic politicians.
1,There's no future for those who forget historyBut why does it all apply to Japan?Isn't it history that China has been raped for 2000 years?North Korea has been beaten in less than 70 years? Anyway, how would the Reds live without Japan?
3,Apart from everything, it's not fun as a movie. It feels like I'm forced to read a thick and difficult book.
1,The director has no ability to make this material in this way.
1,How can you make a living without a single report when there are people involved?
1,Apologize to the Japanese teacher and the Japanese progressive group right now and release the movie
2,a fake movie
1,The movie "Herstory" Japanese military sexual slavery some fact-distorting work Japanese military sexual slavery misunderstood as being mobilized by many Japanese sexual slaverys, cold water over more than 20 years of efforts to restore honor m.gwangjuin.com/news/articleView.html?idxno=100813
4,I can't hear what all the characters say in dialect. Especially Eupjori, I can't hear what she's saying in the scene.I watched it quietly at home, but I watched it several times to see what it said.But there were so many lines that I couldn't understand
4,How long are you going to eat that Japanese Military Sexual Slavery... What did our ancestors do when our grandmothers were taken away? Have you tried resisting? What makes you so proud of your history?
5,In terms of movie, one of the many new dramas that appeared in Korean movies is material and movie.
1,This movie's favorite group is a woman in her 20s. That's all
1,I don't know why movies are so boring.
1,Kim Hee-ae can't get into character because of her accent. The subject matter is the subject matter, and the acting evaluation is cool. Don't act in dialect next time
1,I don't think it's just Japanese Military Sexual Slavery related movies that are rated. I watch movies for fun. Kim Hee-ae's acting was so bad that I came out while watching it Honestly, it's not funny
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I'm honest with you. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It's a really sad history, but it's no longer the basic thing to eat patriotism and grab the basic audience, so the audience doesn't choose this kind of new drama anymore
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I don't think it's just the material. The movie itself is just lukewarm. Kim Hee-ae's performance was unanswered.
1,I don't know the subject, but it's the worst movie.
1,Let's stop here. You're trying to make me cry
1,I like them all, but Kim Hee-ae's dialect was so awkward that I couldn't get into it.Did I have to say Kim Heeae?fly in the ointment
5,It's like watching a drama that was made into a special holiday special. Kim Hee-ae, the main character, is not good enough to play the role of a woman as a businessman Moon Jung-sook, and her dialect feels awkward.  Japanese military sexual slavery I think the grandmothers' delicious supporting roles are comforting because they sometimes play the movie.
1,I want to give you 11 points.
1,Don't try to make money out of this stuff. The movie was too much.
1,I'm sick and tired of Korea's Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The period of success just because of the location is over
1,My parents didn't really enjoy the evaluation. I'll see it later and upload it
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery How many movies are there?
1,It's like a red movie
4,I don't want anti-Japanese sentiment to be a weapon for lefties anymore.
1,There are so many things that have not been solved and not been illuminated
1,I can't give you 10 stars just because the content is good.
1,a story that everyone knowsClisey's all over the place. It's a touching story. Even these commercial phrases...Please stop...
2,History is good, butDid you have to speak in Busan dialect?Tough as it doesn't even suit women? ×￦÷
1,Again... The window is the window
1,Is there no zero point??!!!
1,I am sadder that this sad history is used commercially and politically. No more movies like this
2,The story was really good, but... As a Busan person, I could not understand the dialect and sympathize with it. Reflect on yourself
1,During the helicopter funeral, Kim Jung-sook hit this and sat down... Get out of here, lefty
2,Moon Jae In The story is great as the president watched the Marine Corps helicopter accident without paying his respects
6,I got choked up while watching it.  The actors' performances were great, too.
6,It's based on a true story, but it's a pity that the content is too corny and doesn't look any different from the previous Japanese Military Sexual Slavery movie. But it was good to shed light on historical facts. I think we should show this kind of movie to children.
1,I'm speechless
2,I'm sick of it. The persistent greed of those who try to use Japanese Military Sexual Slavery politically will not be able to take their hurt after 10 or 100 years. Bored and vicious.
1,Why don't you get an apology from North Korea?K
1,There are a lot of falsehoods Even the movie's worth is questioned
1,It's not a story. It's a history Please change the title
6,I can't hear any of Kim Hae-sook's lines. I can't concentrate because of her pronunciation
6,If you don't like it so much, you can break up with each other. Why do you have furniture in Japan concert? jQuery224044847956189023264_1532241903570 There is no crush like this
2,I want to know that now Is that why the real-time Hirstory jumped in like an argument to save Lee Jae-myung?jQuery22405556964488661462_1532191752582
5,I was surprised because I saw the poster and trailer and expected Shinpara so much that I was more calm than I expected
1,I wish I could stop seeing the worst Kook-pong-pal
1,Why don't you do it in moderation? Hahaha
1,It's a waste of time. Why should we stop doing this?
1,Well, that's a weirdly high rating. It's not fun
1,It's not that fun.
6,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It is a movie about the theme, and fortunately, compared to "Homecoming," which was a lump of regret due to poor settings, and "The Last Japanese Military Sexual Slavery," where the intention itself was not convincing, came out much better. But the sad thing is still...
4,Honestly, the topic itself is really upsetting and something to remember, but when I watched the movie, the content itself was too loose. It's not that...
6,a film that lacks the appeal of a story but is worthy of its subject matter
2,I've known this story for a long time, and I've watched so many movies on this topic. When I see this, I think they're telling me to cry and be sentimental.
1,Don't forget the history, but the movie is too much. I wish everyone was calm.
6,The production intention is excellent, but it's not something to applaud for as a movie. There are so many things I want to say that I have a lot of unnecessary things. But production alone is historically significant, like a movie trial.
4,I really sympathized with the content and the purpose of the production. However, the great actors' acting was so immersed in the emotional line that they felt like they were overacting, so I wanted to do it because it seemed to be less complete.
1,I wonder if the director is showing off his noble justice, but it's a movie for leftists who are learning history from movies that want to see a powerful and punitive Japanese bashing rather than a wide range of problem consciousness.
1,Where did the men who were drafted go?
1,You still have the same national character as your anti-Japanese old parents. It's embarrassing to call it this kind of movie. Look at the ratings
1,It's very emotional, so it might be fun for the brainless people who learn history through boring movies
1,I'm tired now. I'm tired of it. Stop teasing me, you history peddlers.
2,It's so similar to iKANSPEAK. Na Moonhee's age is more relatable.
3,Kim Hee-ae and Kim Hae-sook are good at acting, but they are always too serious and have a clear personality. I would not have been cast because I already consumed my image on iCanspeak, but I wonder what it would have been like if my grandmother was a character like Na Moon-hee.
1,Is commercialization using pain a win-win? I'm telling you not to forget it'Some people don't even want to think about it.Has this applause ever brought something back? I don't know if this kind of movie is making us imprint.Is this also business?
1,Let's make some red movies. There will be a Korean War movie. The director should have some conscience
1,Mingyu-dong, this is your skill
1,I can't believe it. Kimchi is old and now, so there will be a lot
1,I've had enough of this patriotic movie. If it fails as an example and no longer comes out, this movie shows that Korea can distort history just as Japan distorts history. Only history knows the truth of history. Blind trust will only lead to distortion.
2,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Every Japanese Military Sexual Slavery movie is a seditious movie until a movie mentions that 200,000 is a ridiculous lie by population at the time.
6,The quality of the work... It feels like my horoscope got higher because of the material
5,This movie... Is it because there's no consensus that I didn't live in that era?Don't movies need five senses to be successful?To be honest, it wasn't good.Did the director make a plain documentary on purpose?If your friends say they're going to watch it, you've done a great job~^^;
1,Stop promoting anachronistic anti-Japanese sentiment. I like Japan. Will history change if I express anti-Japanese sentiment and express my anger about the sense of damage? It makes me sick of narrow-minded nationalism that only curses against Japan. Instead of blaming others, they should be able to reflect on themselves and look at history objectively.
2,There's another thing that's unfortunate and the movie quality
1,I can't give you zero points. I'm sick of it.
1,No more half-day frames. I like Japan
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery? That's disgusting. It's not a beef bone. Eat just enough
6,What is upsetting is that Japan will not make a sincere apology until the country is gone
1,As expected, anti-Japanese code business is the best in Korea
4,I know it's a meaningful movie, but... I'm not that attracted.  Basically, the movie should be interesting... but it's a bit unfortunate
1,I'm tired of the half-day frame.
2,His acting and story are not as good as I expected
1,I'm sick and tired of it.The subject and subject that everyone knows...I don't know how long I'm going to be filming this emotional movie.Of course, I know that Japan is the best season.But I'm tired of this movie
1,The movie's favorite group is a woman in her 20s.
1,Let's stop now!
6,I won't forget until I get an apology
1,No more emotional movies!
2,It's a movie of left and right people supporting anti-Japanese sentiment
2,It's not "Herstory". It's "It doesn't make sense"
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery A movie recommended for anti-Japanese psychiatric patients who have been incited by anti-Japanese sentiment
2,Open movie is a waste of money
6,The message is good but not firm
4,There are still many companies that receive help from Japanese companies, and dogs that enjoy sightseeing in Japan.There are a lot of pigs! This country has a dual personality!
1,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is the worst movie that has ever been released in a commercial way
6,It's good that people watch movies like this thinking that they need to watch this
2,There are so many commercial comments.It's not fun. So even if you force yourself to move, 130,000 viewers.
4,I watched it with the heart of making history, but the movie itself wasn't good
4,I watched it with the heart of making history, but the movie itself wasn't good
1,...are you hypnotized as a group?
6,They're still servile...My heart is touched throughout the whole time
1,I'd rather make it into a documentary.The Ethnicity of Learning History from Movies
6,a cringe-worthy movie
6,There was no depth and there were many factors that hindered immersion
6,It's just worth watchingSo-so.
3,I said I should not forget it, but I chose someone who did Daegu superintendent... This score is up to those who shamelessly said not to forget the movie but chose Kang Eun-hee gg
6,Kim Hee-ae's unfortunate acting in dialect.
6,Treated close to a realistic documentary, the dramatic tension is flat!? Textbook facts are stronger!It would have been more conveyed if we had worked hard to reproduce that time on the screen instead of just conveying memories or past history as lines...
4,It's a good topic, but...It doesn't feel solid. Like Myeongnyang, a topic that Koreans should watch. Proper acting, proper story composition
5,The ratings are all 10 points, but why is the number of viewers like this? Whether I should watch it or not
5,If the roles of Kim Hee-ae and Kim Hae-sook changed... Movie curiosity may have led me to the theater, but I ended up being commercialized and picking up the wrong answer.
6,The meaning itself is highly regarded, but the movie is heated up
6,It's more calm than I thought.
2,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryIt is a pity, but we should not forget that our country suffered from Japan rather than Japanese Military Sexual Slavery. It is a sad thing.I think it's inevitable in a defeated country.Who's to blame for the country being powerless to do this?I think it's better to be a powerful country so that this doesn't happen
6,If a movie with this content is just an anti-Japanese movie, a movie like homecoming will be given 10 points unconditionally, and if it is not good, people like pro-Japanese group will hate to watch it even more. Is it really a 9.8-point movie, or is it about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery grandmothers, so it gives them 10 points?
2,It's not that... It's not touching or funny
6,a sense of poor story poorly. Anyway, the movie is evaluated as a movie, and the message I want to convey is good, but there is no solid story to have as a movie. And there's a review that there's no Shinpa, but the scene where Kim Hae-sook sings at the end is really Shinpa.
1,How can we avoid the shock of Joseon and Tsuruga? We're just trying to help you guys! Why is it Japan? I wonder if they're trying not to live by tormenting the citizens. Joseon! You guys are not heroes, you can't make fun of them!?The Emperor of Japan? should be forever! Emperor Akihito Man?! Man?! Man?!
6,They also look back on themselves while holding them accountable.
6,I'm going to see you tomorrow. I want to see you, but I'll enjoy it
6,a history that must never be forgotten
1,I see, but I think the score is a little too much
1,I don't like this movie because I can't even write a rating because I'm afraid I'll get criticized for criticizing it. I want to win only with my work. Kim Heeae, it's nice to see you do a lot of movies recently
5,It's really pathetic. In the movie review, the political instigator is the No. 1 favorite. Isn't it really uncivilized? Look at the number of viewers right now. Think about how many people watch it. Political part-timers don't help movies, they just spread ash. You know what, pathetic things Kim Dae Jung said he wouldn't ask about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery anymore?
1,It's so boringIt's such an obvious rehash movie that it's boring
4,I will not forget about the movie that can only contain the story like this Thank you. I will try and do my best until I get an apology.
1,A movie that's not fun. It's not that perfect. There will be many people who suck it online because it's a subject, but honestly, not many people want to see such a boring movie. The actual box office performance will prove me
6,It reminds me of the old man and the sea. Unending struggle of tenacity
1,I've already received an apology
1,As a person who is interested in this issue, and who watched "Homecoming, Eyes, and Eye Canspeak N times," he wrote actors of much higher quality than the above three movies, and his emotional lines were cut off, and his message delivery was fake and messy. I canceled all the tickets I bought for the Nth round.
6,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The recent release of too many movies gives me fatigue and familiarity.
4,Just by looking at the poster, it's Korean style. I hate it. I'm sure the girls are going to drag me out after seeing this, right? lower animals
6,Maybe it's because the person next to me was angry, but of course, the actors' acting was good, and I watched Ocean's 8 a while ago, but Kim Hee-ae doesn't get down at all compared to Kate Blanchett ㅠㅠ (I like both)
1,I'm so sick of it.
2,Nothing to say, nothing to say, nothing to say
1,Please stop selling tickets with anti-Japanese sentiment.
1,How long will the Korean film industry be doing anti-Japanese business?
