집으로...
1,It's a good work, but what is the intention to make many people suffer by filming a rain scene? I doubt that there are other social maladaptants
5,
2,
1,Yoo Seungho is acting like he doesn't have any mercy! This is why home education is important when you are young
1,It's about the content and the production, and it's so terrible. Except for the main character, no one is an actor
2,A movie that grew up with me, Yoo Seung Ho
2,
2,
6,It was a movie released in middle school, and I remember it was a warm story when I was young. I want to go back to the time when I saw it  I didn't have psychotic obsessive-compulsive disorder at the time, but the main character's grandmother is still alive
1,Boring, boring, boring, boring
1,normalization of man's ends and ends
1,Localization of One Native People and International Public Law
2,I used to watch it boring.
2,It's a movie that I watched when I was in elementary school.
1,I don't understand why it's so funny.
1,A forced and uncomfortable episode
1,He's bringing Seo Siwon to a strange
1,I'll give you 1 point Not funny
1,It's fun and touching, but it's not a rating
1,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,a neat and tidy lyric
4,The last scene is touching, but overall, it's just so-so.
1,I think the rating is too high. I'm going to lower it
1,This is a movie about grandmother's wrinkled irons Agree
6,The story is a new drama. I accept the unspoiled camera
6,The grandmother's love for her grandson and the beautiful story of her sweet grandson growing up in indulgence
1,It's just like a human theater.You're watching it on TV
1,Well, I personally didn't like it. ;;
6,A movie that makes you feel sad
1,A movie that wasn't touching or fun at all
1,I don't understand people who say this is sad. I'm sure the people who gave me 10 points... "Miracle in Cell No.7", "Frozen", I would have given you 10 points
1,Nine points is too much.  I don't remember if this movie was good, you guys. If it was really good, I would remember.
1,What a masterpiece! It must be so emotionally dry that I can call this a masterpiece
6,Everyone's Marble New Year's Eve Couponider-615925
1,A really boring and boring movie. People who cry watching this understand well
1,Personally, I went home 10 minutes after the movie started
1,I just don't like it
1,Not funny
6,pleasantly plain, pleasantly simple
5,It's calm. It reminds me of my mother's house.
1,Solkai movies don't have sad taste and it's totally boring, not to mention the starsLOL
1,A trash movie is a waste of a star.
1,in good faith
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,Yoo Seung-ho was the only one who acted, and the rest were amateurs, but it was a separate movie about rice soup. It was the power of posters and propaganda at the time. Forced sorrow, forced content, stubbornness, just forcedness.
6,a simple film
1,...it's a moving movie, but the rating is too fraudulently high. It's not this bad
5,I watched it at the movie theater and it was a waste of money.
1,I was a little bored.
5,The only thing was a grandmother and a child.
1,Turn it off... I fell asleep while watching this, but it's not fun
6,I'm just tired of it
1,I guess I'm emotionally dry. I'm not sad.
1,I just wanted to go home.What do you want me to do without her?Just die, Pucca?
1,Why the hell is the rating high?
1,I'm sleepy
3,Very vain
6,It's touching, but it'll be boring to watch again
5,Just one?
1,Well, you shouldn't have done this in the first place
3,Not really... I don't even know how sad it is
5,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
5,Well...
6,It's normal...
1,This is not right.
6,I just hope it's okay.
1,Did you really feel touched? Did you find it fun?
1,Eva!
1,It wasn't fun.
1,I'm tired of seeing you again
1,The rating is too high. At best, it's six points.
5,I got 5 points because of Grandma Kim. You'd rather watch "Central Station."
1,I don't like it... ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
6,I think it's a touching movie. I don't know why I'm in a state of emotion, but I'm not touched.
1,Long live the national team! Long live the national team!
1,The national team is the best
1,Kei, trash!
1,I don't think this is right. National University
5,I keep looking at the clock while I look at it.
1,Solka, it's not 10 points. What's wrong with NAVER movie ratings?
1,It's fun and touching, but the rating is totally crazy... Is it this high because Yoo Seung Ho came out?
1,It's not fun...
6,It's really fun.
5,Maybe it's because I was in elementary school, but I didn't feel much emotion.I think it is best to swear OOO at my grandmother
5,Their acting is developing
1,It's a touching movie
6,It's obvious but it's a nice little movie, so it's okay.
6,It wasn't that funny, but it was touching
1,It's not fun.
6,Touching to make people cry. Isn't that enough?
1,OOO movies
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,It's really touching
6,To me, it was boredom, tears of yawn
1,A typical movie that was a waste of theater money
4,I didn't see you go to the bathroom at an important time, so...Some
6,It was really touching and as much as it smelled of the countryside.
4,I don't know. I remember being very bored.
1,At the end, I expected the grandmother to get back at the child in a pleasant way, but it's too bad.
1,Honestly, I expected the scene where my child was hit and killed by a bus at the end, but it's too bad.
5,Honestly, I was just like that
1,I can't stand being bored
6,It's calm, but it's kind of a waste to watch a movie...
5,To be honest, I saw it because I heard it was very touching
1,I don't know why it'
4,have few linesLOL There was no emotion
1,What does zlflzl have to do with that? 10 points for grandmother? 10 points? Do you want to die?
1,A child is rude.
1,I like the content of "beck".But it's for promoting Choco Pie.
6,Choco Pie Promotional Movie
1,Honestly, it's not fun -_-
6,I sympathized with the countryside, but I was not impressed enough. It was boring.
6,I appreciate that it is the most unexpected work in the history of Korean box office success.
3,I really need to go home Home
1,a movie shuddered with boredom in the theater
1,It's so boring and boring. Is it because I watched it on TV?
6,a well-decorated trip to childhood
4,I cried because of my grandmother.
4,uncomfortable with contrived settings I don't like the tears that inevitably come out.
1,It's frustrating...
6,I included my grandmother's opinion that I watched with her.
6,A little sad with a light smile.
1,It's a waste of money to watch at the movies
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it? The end felt so empty
1,I was forced to hit...
4,It's so forceful that it touches.
5,It's not enough to say it's a good movie.
5,I'm not sad.The content was good.
6,I want to hit a kid
4,It's definitely an overrated piece
2,New ideas, too many scenarios, overrated movies
1,I don't know what's so sad.I got annoyed. I'm hungry for a Kiarostami movie.
5,I didn't feel touched because my grandmother wasn't there--It's not funny
5,be too contrived
6,It's a shame that it's forced. But it's definitely worth watching.
6,Honestly, it's not fun...Just a movie with a simple story?
1,I guess everyone has different senses and emotions.
1,I love it
5,Sleepy and funnyM M M MM-;
6,I bought a DVD. It's not as good as I expected.
1,I can't do it anymore
1,That's really not it. You said you were sad, but why are you sad?
1,Honestly, it wasn't sad at all. I cried a lot when I saw I.M. This is -_-
1,It's really boring and boring.I wasn't that touched
4,Honestly, it wasn't fun
6,a more ridiculous movie than the sequel
5,It's a good movie. That's all...
3,I felt nothing when I saw it in the theater at the time of its release.
3,Grandma, I'm so touched I watched a movie on my way downtown
1,z
1,z
5,It reminds me of my grandmother in the countryside.
6,I don't know what a child is.
3,How do I look at this?
