스파이 지니어스
1,It was worth watching with my family, but when I looked up Naver, what's the 5.5 trillion won that doesn't even fit the sentence? NAVER's Femi Corruption is no joke.What's wrong with movies?
2,There were not 5.5 trillion pigeons.It's Femi.
1,5.5 trillion? It's SSAPEMI. 5.5 trillion pigeons
1,The male hate word in the plot, "5 trillion 500 million." What kind of creative word combination is that?
2,
6,I was choosing what to watch with my cousins at my grandmother's house, and my younger brothers want to see the spy genius I didn't think it would be fun because I did it, but it was fun even though there was a part where the action and thrill came out
5,The production is messy, the story is distracting and childish. Wendy was so cute that only the female pigeon's charm remained
6,Will it be fun for people with pigeon phobia to watch?
5,Boredom production and acting are okay
1,It's a well-made movie, but it's too high a rating
6,I enjoyed watching it with my daughter.
6,Now weirdo humanist saves the world. It's okay if it's different. It cooks in a comic script with trendy materials such as Korean Wave dramas and drone attacks in obvious negatives.The OSTs were so good (I'm going to listen to the streaming), but it's fun to listen to the Korean line of the Korean Wave drama in these Hollywood animations. a delightful job as a staff member of the staff
4,The point of laughter is so childish and the content is so obvious.The only thing worth watching is the action scene that came out in the beginning.
6,The material of pigeons was fresh.
1,
6,
5,A movie that didn't fit me at all. Not really.
1,That's not good.
2,Well, it's not my style.
1,Delete it right away without watching it for 20 minutes
6,함께 날다
4,There are many funny scenes, but there are boring aspects. It's amazing that Korean comes out.
6,A proper parody and wits that don't know where to bounce.
6,6 to 7 points. For killing time.
6,Too plain and cliche, below expectations
6,It's unusually funny.  An optical illusion in which pigeons look different.I'm a little disappointed than I expected
5,Disney's grown-up animation... But Korea's growing status :)
1,It's so obvious that it's not fun. An obvious set-up, an obvious character, an obvious plot.
5,Will Smith, a film starring Tom Holland
1,Pigeon hate... Comments. Real name system is needed because of part-timers
5,Apart from the absurd setting, I hope that the animation, which is packed with action and humor that makes you distracted from the character setting, which can be said to be cliche, will stop coming out.
6,I twisted it a little bit, so I avoided the obvious, but...
4,My aunt was a little sleepy, but her 6-year-old nephew must have enjoyed it.
6,I went to see it with Kim Ki, and it was worth watching in the beginning, but I fell asleep because I was bored.2.9
4,The story is childish. He smirks once in a while
6,I guess I was looking forward to it because the score was high It's for the killing timeThe animation lacked the unique touching moments
5,You can predict the story in 20 minutes.
6,I think it'll be good for children to see. It's heart-warming. But it's a bit loose. I think 10 points is too much
4,A cliche character that you've seen before. For killing time without expectations
2,It was an age-limited movie.Must not be available for ages 15 and up
2,Don't be fooled by the ratingsVery boring
5,ㅠㅠ...I won't say much. It's totally a children's movie. If you look forward to a high-quality story/genuine animation like Frozen, you will be very disappointed. It's perfect for children. I trusted Will Smith to come out. It's childish jjamppong I watched it with my boyfriend. It's Eunyeong's first time It's perfect for killing time at home. That kind of movie.
2,That's not funny, Annie.Are you guys working on the ratings?
6,It's a Disney animation that you can watch easily
2,The reason why it's so popular is... As soon as the part-timers started, they gave me a high star... I think it's because there aren't many people who haven't been to the theater due to pneumonia these days, so I think it's because I couldn't give them stars.
1,It's not fun. It's really weekend failure
2,I went there after the evaluation, but honestly, it wasn't good
2,When I sat in the back seat, there were a little more than 10 people in the movie theater. Only two of them reacted excessively and loudly and laughed foolishly. Unlikable. Unlucky. Unlucky. The rest of them were very quiet, and one of them left on the way;; I really like animation, and I dozed off for the first time in this movie.
1,It's all part time writing comments. Don't be fooled and don't look. I almost slept because I was bored. Sigh... I'm angry
1,I'm really getting angry. Part-time job g.재It's not fun or touching. It's just a sudden chill
6,I saw a high rating on NAVER and I went and watched it In conclusion, I didn't like it The story is very childish and the directing is childish There's no such thing as new, new, or unexpected storytelling And Walter, who comes out as a genius, really germinates He says he shouldn't hurt people and interferes with everything with Lance, a spy, and it's really hard to see And he said, "We're a team," and I don't know if he's following us to help us or to interrupt us I really like Disney movies, and I wondered if this was a Disney movie, and the story and production were not good enough I don't know why the ratings are so high If you have a child or a younger brother in the lower grades of elementary school, I think it's okay to take him there And I don't know why the Japanese name that appears in the beginning and in between is so awkward I think you'll be disappointed if you look forward to Disney's unique imagination
6,A movie that only kids watch. Adults are sleepy
1,Too high
6,I watched the dubbing with my child, and I didn't know if the translation was wrong or if the voice actors couldn't act, or where to laugh. The kid said it was fun.
1,It's a commercial for all the best people. NAVER ratings are over
6,It's a new movie for children. It's very childish for adults
5,I have such a high rating.The story is more chaotic than I expected.I didn't know the pigeon was the main character
5,The code is set for those under 14, but it's not something adults can't see. a tedious repetition of a narrative The movie's tone and cheerfulness seem to cover a certain extent, although it is not satisfactory to adults' perspectives such as unattractive villains and peep-jin gender deficiencies. It's a timely popcorn movie, but nothing new.Other than the main character, the modeling of the characters, the visual attractiveness is so low that I can even feel the gap.
2,I saw it with three nephews today.It's just boring...
6,It was not good because there were many parts that dealt with violent and provocative content to the child. It was a pity that there was no impressive music for an animation.
1,Wow, people are bad I can't be the only one to dieLook at him
1,So childish. I skip movies for kids
6,Story is trying to make it fun, but he sleeps in the middle...
6,The rating is really high My son said it was fun
6,It's fun and boring, and I repeat it
1,24 years of animation life... It was the most boring... All I can think of is pigeons. Dubbing is good.Will Smith, Tom Holland. Good boy
6,I heard it was fun, so I had high expectations. I like animation, but I didn't feel much fun and it's a little childish for adults.
6,I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't a good joke and it was a bit childishI could imagine Will Smith playing the whole timeHah!
6,Overall, it's okay if you look at it without much expectation, but you may be somewhat disappointed if you look at it with high ratings.There are various factors that induce forced laughter, and overall, the target age group seems to be at the elementary level.
6,변장한 스파이들
2,It's been a while since I slept well.Hah!
4,Well, if you're going to put a famous actor in a movie, do you have to filter it out?
2,My daughter was the only one who liked movies that the lower grades of elementary school would watchNot as good as I thought.
4,There is no need to say that acting is already guaranteed, and the action production was not bad. Villains are certainly cool because they are well designed. However, the problems of this movie are comedy, conflict between characters, and lines that seem to have been seen somewhere. When I watch the movie, familiar things keep coming out, so it's too corny.
2,These dog jobs...  Get my money and get it'll be good
2,I'm watching a movie right now and I'm so angry these days because I'm hoarding ratings, but I came here on the last day of the holiday because my husband persuaded me, but it's a waste of money. I dozed off next to me, and even the elementary student next to me keeps stretching. I'm bored
4,I don't know if you're really writing reviews...It was a boring, boring AnnieThe Korean Nora drama is coming out for a while. What kind of person is a Korean fan?It was a waste of money
1,People who laugh at this... Elementary, middle, and high school...Where should I laugh?
1,It's okay, but the score is too high for the quality of the movie. It's not as high as Wall E or Ghibli Annie's, but I'm leaving a score to adjust the score
6,Just a children's movie to watch!
6,Until now, I thought that Pixar movies are not very childish even for adults. I think it's about the lower grades of elementary school~~ The kids will like it, but it's not like they're adults~~
6,I was looking forward to it, but it's not as good as I thought. The kids like it
1,The rating is too high
1,Fooled by a rating part-time job. A rating of 6 is appropriate
2,I chose it based on my GPA...I just think that I was tricked, and my wife in her 40s and 30s, and my 3rd son in middle school...ㅜ.ㅜ
4,It's just that kind of animation.Why is this so well-received?I was tricked by NAVER's favorable reviews
6,I want to travel to Venice. I pray that I can go to Venice.
1,Childish dozed off and had a rather bad no-fun rating
1,How much do people who say this is fun get paid?
6,I just watched it well with the kid
2,
6,It's called "When food falls from the sky" and "Incredible Spicy Seafood Noodles. It's boring because the story is boring
6,I saw it because it was well-received. ㅠㅠㅠIn the eyes of an adult... Ha...I should have watched Pororo at home.It's not like winter is over. It's like a cabot
2,It's boring. It's a waste of money- ㅠㅠ
6,I didn't expect much, but it's so so-so.
4,Honestly, I don't know why the ratings here are so good. Three-half is boring, so I'm gonna come out-- just the last minute. I asked if my two daughters were having fun in the middle.I just took a deep breath
4,If you really don't have anything to watch, please watch it
2,It's fun? It's always cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché, storytelling. It's like old wall-E, up. It's like a message. It's really just for kids. It's like an animation. It's just for kids Shuval
6,I'm in my 50s, but I got a perfect score of 10 so I was disappointed. As expected, it was for children...
2,Not very boring, below expectations
4,It's just something to watch with the kids. The subtitles are cut in half because the screen setting is wrong. Please set it up properly and show it to the way you look at the kids
6,It's kind of weird...It's just so so!I watched it in dubbing and I think it would be more fun to watch it in subtitles
1,I almost fell asleep while reading the comments because it was so corny and childish Just for children
6,It was just like that. It was fun, but a bit childish
1,It's really ugly. Wow
1,I don't like the main character
4,Well, it wasn't that great.
5,It's not boring, but if the story is similar to a big hero, I almost fell asleep in the middle
1,I looked at the ratings... An obvious story.  Obvious action. No touching. Waste of time.
6,It's fun. I thought someone called me because I heard TWICE's song
6,Everyone... I didn't know that the main character was turning into a bird.Out of nowhere... I almost ran out while watching a movie.I entered the movie theater thinking it was an anime version of an ordinary action movie, but it was a failure.
1,I slept because I was bored in the beginning, but it ended after sleeping
2,I don't understand why I made this movie and I get angry. Jojo watches the movie at 9:10 and writes in anger. Never look. It's a waste of money. From start to finish, you start with a pigeon to end with a pigeon, and then you end with an American joke. That was the worst. I almost went out while watching the lead cancer character. It was a waste of money, and I looked at it all on purpose so that no one could see it. The worst. The worst ever.
5,Tom Holland's character in the beginning is so frustrating.Children will love it
6,It's just a common animated movie for mass production. Don't expect too much from adults.
1,Byulu, just look at this. Look at something else
1,It wasn't as expected of me as I expected, but others will have fun watching it
4,The production and voice of Tom Holland and Will Smith are good!But animation is definitely Disney...
