몬스터 주식회사 3D
6,It was less touching for a Pixar movie, but it was worth watching if it was a brilliant imagination
6,Hyunbin in "Crash Landing on You" is like Shirley and Son Yejin went!^^~~
6,Memories of childhood. That's all. The material was fresh.
1,You girls return to the underground to add patchouli.
6,It's worth watching, but... The rating is really high. I think it's a movie that kids will really like. But I don't think it's enough to get a perfect score
5,As expected, animation never suits me. It was touching and boring
1,That's so childish.ㅉㅈ
5,I think the material is unique, but compared to other Pixar works, it feels a little different
4,It's driving me crazy.
4,I can't get into their own company story at all, and it's absurd
3,I saw him when he was so young. I was less moved and when I grew up, I became prejudiced because of my childhood feeling
6,A movie that changed my childhood
1,I don't have any. ㅜㅜ
6,It's fun
1,It's not a sequel. It's not a 3D animation production, but it's not more than 9 points It was the best animation in 2001, but I don't like rehashing it. I look forward to Monster University
1,Don't look at this Oh! I looked at the ratings and my daughter took off her glasses. It's not fun Worst movie in my life
1,It is obvious that the work should be evaluated as a masterpiece, but it is regrettable that it is a package that is not 3D reproduction of existing data, but is covered with only 3D images. Don't look at this at 3D prices... your eyes get very bad
6,What is it? I put 3D on the same thing LOL
1,Big pepper
4,It's just that the content stays the same and can be viewed in 3D ㅜㅜ I was expecting something else, but it's just me who didn't recognize it...They keep asking me when it's over and if they're tired of it's too late
6,I watched it again and it was fun, but...I'm sick and tired of watching it at home.ㅜㅜ It's just a little obvious...
1,Isn't it the same as before?
1,It's so boring  It's a waste of money
5,It's Alba heaven here too ㅠㅠ Give up on this Lunar New Year movie...
6,I watched it today and the 3D was not as good as I thought ;-; It was a bit of a waste of money because I couldn't do the 3D of the movie commercial. :-) The baby was cute and the characters were funny, but there was a boring side;;I was looking at the Snow Queen, but I was a little disappointed. Something's missing
1,Ah-- I'm a bolo cat, I'm searching Monju, but he has no idea of ending it
1,Oh, it's a spoiler
1,Amo, I searched it to see you tomorrow
1,Oh, spoiler. Are you crazy? Delete it. I saw the search word on "Jonna Monster" and I saw it. I gave spoilers and sat down
1,You saw it
1,I have a new story.
6,I saw it because the rating was high. Yawning... But it was funny sometimes
5,It's a story that doesn't show Pixar's strengths
6,That's brilliant. So heart-warming. ^_^ ^_^ ^_^
3,As expected, it's not as fun as children for adults to see it. I wonder how much fun they had
1,It's the best.
4,I was fooled by NAVER's score and the spring story was good, but I was bored leading it, so I went over it and watched it
1,When I was young, I watched it in the movie theater, but when I grew up, I didn't know.1 point is for adjusting the score adjustment
3,This is really Pixar?! Oh, my.
4,Monster Inc. is not fun at all ㅠㅠ
1,irritating values
6,Except for the fun of seeing a cute girl.This isn't fun at all.The rating is amazing
1,- 9 points. That's ridiculous
6,The humor of 2001 doesn't work now, or is it emotionally dry?
3,You can just put it in any door and send it.;;;
1,I saw it a long time ago, but it's so boring that I can't talk--ㅡㅡ
1,not much
1,This is fun! Good!
1,My imagination is not really bad
6,It's worth watching, but it's not that fun...
1,It's boring... I'm yawning.
1,Why is there only one eye in green?
1,It's not even on Mega TV. It looks like there's no jam. If you like Mo, you get 10 points each
4,Boring and childish. Is it the original work of the Mid-Lost Room? Ha ha.
2,-_- It doesn't make sense that it's higher than Sen and Chihiro
1,It's too high
1,This is
1,I saw it, but why is it so high? A masterpiece cries ㅠㅠ
2,For adjustment
6,Why do you adjust the ranking? You have to raise it as you feel
1,First place in the movie Let's control the top spot -- masterpieces are piled up
1,It's too high to make sense
6,It was fun, but...
1,a beggar
1,This isn't right
1,This is it. One
5,Successful creation. Golden division of characters and images +5. But not good at controlling power in plot
6,Is it worth watching?
1,This isn't right.I'd rather be shined
1,I have nothing to say
1,It doesn't make sense that this movie is higher than Schindler.
1,You're acting strange.
1,a trashy movie
1,Let's peel it
1,It's worth watching, but the rating is too high.I logged in to open it.
1,It's fun, but the score is too high
1,Would it be fun for elementary school students to watch? I don't like it
1,You're childish.
1,It's the height of boredom...
6,Isn't the rating too much? Is it because I saw you in 7th grade?I didn't like it then
1,A movie that kids will enjoy
3,have a problem with
1,It was a disgusting and disgusting movie.
5,The main characters are so cute and the story is fun. You're the best
4,If I go beyond this stage, I think I can make an immortal masterpiece!
6,It was easy, but it was too childish
