에이트 빌로우
1,It's an old movie, but there's still someone who gives you 10 points? I'll give you 1 point because you have to balance it out.
6,The survival of dogs in Antarctica.
5,Compared to other masterpieces of animal movies, it's not very artistic.  I applaud your life itself. As one of the animal lovers.
5,A film that is based on a moving true story and has excellent directing ability. I didn't know dogs were this good at acting. It's a good movie to recommend for killing time, but it's boring.
5,It's better to try it late because you're going to regret it for the rest of your life
1,the dog's sufferings Maybe it's because I don't like dogs that much, but it didn't really touch me.
1,There's a reason why people like it
6,You can see the Huskies' struggles with the Antarctic landscape, but it doesn't show the next
6,If you have several dogs living in Antarctica, you will dig in the ground in case of an emergency, make an oyster, and install an automatic feeding machine that can last for six months.And I couldn't believe why I tied it up when I threw it away. If it's tied up, it shouldn't come loose, but it does
4,It was fun only in places with snow.
6,Applause for Frank Marshall's directing and editing of animal behavior, which is just the right word for "animal godpa," and comforting Old Jack, and tears unknowingly came to Paul Walker at the end ㅠㅠ I had a hard time, guys.
3,Everyone, is this fun?
6,A movie that would have been better made by a production company other than Disney, which specializes in family movies.Personally, I didn't like adventurous BGM...
6,an ordinary touching drama The acting of dogs is unprecedented.
6,The tantalizing adventures of the main characters, beyond the simple emotions of the main characters.
2,I was tricked. There seems to be a lot of problems with Naver's rating.
1,Look at the rating distribution. It's like 10 points for liking dogs without thinking nothing Things that like dogs or have never seen a touching movie seem to have hit 10 points after watching this
1,The dogs were cute, but the movie was boring
1,a dog-like movie
4,Should I be moved by the way dogs live without caring? A film that feels human arrogance.
1,Why is it so boring and far-fetched when I'm a dog person?It's not a one-point movie
2,I just saw it because I like dogs. Compared to the movie wolf dog, I was not impressed at all. It's a more recent movie, but I can't keep up with old movies. a ruined crop
1,This is more than 9 points?? Anyway, kimchi men can't be too emotional with just a little bit of it
6,Let's not mess with loyal dogs!
5,I understand why you tie the dogs outside and run away when you evacuate.You want me to freeze to death outside?I don't know if I should leave the heater and food in the warm office and evacuate.Outside
6,dogs' commendable performance offsetting an extremely simple story
6,I thought that I wanted to raise a dog.
6,It would have been nice if we had only talked about dogs except for all human stories after the middle, but anyway, it's a typical but touching movie.
1,Canadian Goose promotional film?
6,Walt Disney is like a movie.As I treat dogs as the main characters, I couldn't put in various scenes, so I lack the power of the story...
1,A low-level movie with a mask of emotion. I think about 7 points is appropriate.
4,I couldn't hold back my tears at the end! But I don't understand from the beginning that a sled, which was not a polar creature, was tied up without shelter! Besides, the whole story from the beginning is deliberate and far-fetched!
6,The reason I can't help loving a dog is because of this
6,I thought it was National Geographic. Adding a little tension and emotion to the documentary.
1,How can you make such trash into a movie?It's a waste of 1 point...
2,It's a movie about leaving a dog behind and finding a dog again.
6,You can also enjoy the cliche and obvious stories of the dogs' great acting of the dogs
5,If it's 6 points... There's not much to it It's just that the dogs survive. It's definitely not in the 9 point range
6,It's touching but boring
6,Humans are worse at acting than dogs
6,The rating is too high, but the dogs' acting is like a main character!
2,It's not so touching. It can vary from person to person. Watch out for those who watch out
2,No reason to have a high rating
5,I don't think it's a movie with 9 points. About 6-7
5,You worked hard to stall
1,A seal suddenly came out of the whale's body and was surprised
6,They've been alone... ...and dogs are bored.I was bored, too.
1,If you're a dog lover, you'll shed a bucket of tears
3,Why is everyone getting 10 points? One person who thinks he could've wrapped it better
5,Boredom
5,You directed it well
1,Only the puppies are so cute~T.T Perfect for an enlightenment movie.
2,The dogs had a hard time filming in the cold crying
6,It's also a skill to make a true story like this
1,I don't think it's a movie with 9 points. Maybe 6.5 to 7? But the score is too high, so 1 point.
1,I don't think it's a 9 point rating.
1,I don't know where to feel touched. Need to get a rating down... -_-
1,What's wrong with the rating?; I think 7 is enough
2,You don't go looking for a dog that falls to death. You have to find the body. It's touching. What's touching about this?
1,I don't like it.
1,Man always brings trouble on himself. The same was true of this movie. the endless greed of man
5,You're too calm.  below expectations
1,Dogs are good at acting. It's a simple movie because of the awkward scenes
4, well
6,How the movies with animals are so much alike.
1,be too generous in rating It's not fun, it's touching, and it's not worth the score
6,....I think I've been expecting too much...
6,You saved her, and she's selfish. The dogs are desperately trying to survive, but the main character is melodramatic?
1,Is this Siberian husky forsythia funny?Calm down? Then I'll admit you're a dog
2,I lost the credibility of NAVER's rating after seeing this rating... Honestly, a movie with 8 points
6,I'm touched only by the end. I feel bored in the middle. The quality of the work is excellent.
6,It's more like Disney's.
2,It's just a dog talk. What's sad and touching about this? I'm sick of it
4,I'm touched. Good
6,The adventures of sled dogs in the white snow.
4,I'll watch the night of the 30th
6,I wanted a story like Alive.
1,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high
5,The ending is empty... ...and as soon as I get there, I meet the dogs -_-
1,It's not good
4,It's embarrassing to call her Shin-para.
3,The storyline is really boring and has no strong impact
1,It's a mess. It's not funny, it's not touching, it's a movie where dogs are running out of time
6,Even though it is a good material, the story is poor.The directing is not good either.I'm not touched.
6,Well, everyone has different tastes. I wasn't very impressed.
1,The movie is so lame. It's not fun
6,It's not that touching. I don't really
4,It's just a boring movie for me. Maybe because I watched too many surprises.
1,There are many people who like it, but I think it's the worst movie ever.
1,It was just worth watching
6,The movie is a little bland. A calm movie. I might fall asleep at night
3,I felt like I was watching the animal kingdom. Is it not?
1,a feeling of gross exaggeration
4,National Geography Is More Touching ^^
6,A film of social criticism that uses dogs to pinch human apathy.
4,Maybe because I had a dog when I was young...I really didn't enjoy watching it...;; I wasn't moved.
6,I think 10 points is too much
2,The style that I hate the most. There's nothing to watch and it's not touching
2,It's so childish to say it's touching
1,Honestly, I made it well, but...It's not a movie with 9 points. If you look at it with high expectations, it's difficult
1,The score is too high. I think it's appropriate to get 7 points early
6,an incomprehensible rating Is it the rating of dog lovers? He's just a normal young man
1,How can this be 10 points? Strange; it was a ridiculous movie.
1,I don't think it's a nine-point movie.
1,It is a movie with 7 to 8 points. 9 points is too much...Lowering the rating by 1 point
1,It's fun, but it's very highly evaluated. It's not a movie that's gonna make it into the top 10.
1,I should have checked it out when the production company was Disney. It's just that kind of emotion.
1,The rating... This isn't right...
1,I'm not impressed.- Never. - Never
4,Just a children's movie.
1,It's not enough to be touched.
1,Why is it rated so high? It was tricked
4,It's touching, but it's a bit boring
6,What's left except for something touching? Love the dog?
1,What should I do you want?
1,How dare you rate the Lord of the Rings higher than the return of the King?
1,It's just boring because I'm old. It's a long time
1,What a touching --;;
3,I'm giving you a rating. I looked at the ratings and it was so boring
1,I'm sure it's different for each person, but I didn't think it was fun. It's really boring.
5,Dogs are pretty.It's so boring...The rating is...
6,Let's trust NAVER's ratings
1,the best
3,Fooled by the rating... Surprise Makes Dog Stories Better!
5,It's not like I can't tell you a secret
1,Am I weird? It's not that touching. Who's the best?
1,I like dogs but I don't like this movie.
6,It's not a movie with this high score. It's just medium.^^
1,I've been tricked a lot by the GPA lot. Kingdom of Animals - let's say it's "Sledgers' pecking order fight"
5,You don't even think about looking for Dewey's body
1,I wasn't touched
1,It doesn't make sense that this is more than nine points
3,That's not good. Is that the only story you can make? What a waste of dog acting
1,I think my country is especially weak at moving movies. A rating of 7 is appropriate.
1,There's nothing to see but the last one
1,It's too dog-oriented
1,I can't forget the boredom of the beginning for the last scene
6,It is a six-point film in terms of quality. 9 points for the obvious touching drama...
1,Boredom in the early and mid-term for the final touch
6,It was not fun because the dogs seemed to survive.
1,There was nothing to see but the acting of the dogs acting of the dogspick;;
1,a story that seems to have been forced to fill in for the touch of the latter part;
1,childishness
1,Was the expectation too high?
1,There is nothing to watch except the last scene
1,Honestly, it was boring
5,Touched by the boredom!
1,Very boring. There's no content for 2 hours.
6,But it's kind of boring.
6,It doesn't make much sense that six dogs are alive, but I think it was worth seeing.
5,The dogs' performance is excellent. acting with one's heart rather than words A little bit of tears
5,The puppy was the best actor... The whole thing was plain...
6,It was good, but the parts that I was disappointed about...
1,Why the dog sled? It's animal abuse
4,I don't know if I'm weird. I was really boring.It's boring.
1,Sea biscuits are much better. I don't know what the actual situation might have been, but it's too exaggerated
1,Obvious and exaggerating the behavior of dogs' behavior
1,Giroud
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,It's not a nine--
2,I think it's a little boring
6,I don't hear you say you're a dry-hearted person.Where the hell do they cry?
1,My brother is an animal lover, but he fell asleep while watching it.
6,It was touching, but the movie as a whole was so boring. There are a lot of questions.
1,It's worth watching, but the director...
5,It wasn't funny and it wasn't very touching. If I had a dog like that,
4,It's a movie that's not touching. You don't have to watch a movie just by looking at the words on the poster.
5,The rating is too high. It's kind of boring and it's not that touching...
5,I prepared tissues and fell asleep while watching it.I'm going to review myself.
3,Well... ...it's not very touching, it's not funny.
2,좋아요.
5,I don't think it suits me. 10 points for acting, 5 points for respecting individual tastes.
6,Is it because I didn't expect much?
6,I was just a little touched, but...There was not much emotion.
5,Touching? It's a little...Like that...
1,The rating is too high compared to the movie...
5,A movie that was fooled by NAVER's review... It's not that touching...
4,I've wasted the worst of my time except the dogs.
1,A movie that needs to be graded...
1,All I could do was yawn
1,No fun... No touching... No content...
1,What is this? Educational license for kids?
5,No fun, no touching...  Instead of tears, I yawned
5,Although there are personal differences, it was not as sad as the movie "Son" and "Woo-Haeng-Shi."
6,It was touching to the point of tears, but there were many boring parts.
6,Is there a difference in perspective? I think the topic is not universal and 6 points is generous.
5,To be honest, Mo is touching =_=; 5 points for dogs' acting
6,Personally, it's not something that's memorable
6,Great Minister, great acting by the dogs. No story, vain -_-
5,A movie that shows the ugliness and meanness of human beings.The dogs are pitiful.
1,an opening film
5,I can't get into it, I can't get into it.It's 1 point, but it's for real. 5 points.
5,It's touching but boring.
1,It's touching, but the kids' movies...
1,How can this movie be more than 9 points?Is it a group rating for dog lovers?
1,It's the opposite of 7 points
6,1st place is too much.-- I have to go down.
6,I like dogs. It's too fast a case.
1,People need to see people
6,I don't know if it's because I watched it without thinking...
1,That's so mean. I can't believe a movie like this is here. Go down a little
6,All right.
1,A movie that can make it more fun... It would have been fun if you asked me to fix my makeup
1,It's Makgal's trick
1,It's weak
4,Not good... I turned it off in the middle -_-
1,It's a trash movie. I can't believe I'm touched by this.
5,Except that the story is too obvious...?
5,It was good to get inspiration, but I have no imagination.
2,It's not good...
2,I think it's a movie for dog lovers.
3,나빠
4,I miss you.
4,It's not a movie that will be highly evaluated like this.
1,I wasn't even touched by the loss of my childhood innocence was lost It's so different from the original
1,The rating is too high It's just a Disney movie worth watching
3,My kids said it wasn't fun
5,The obvious Walt Disney thing...
1,Top
6,A 10-point movie if you like dogs
1,It's a really annoying American movie.
6,I saw it because the rating was good. The obvious emotion and story... As if the rating is exaggerating,
3,They're just like that. They're not touching
3,Am I the only one who's weird? I can see the story. LOL
5,I'm sleepy...
6,It was touching, but it didn't really hit home.
6,It's too easy to say it's touching
2,What makes you say that dogs endure that? Did the dog say that?
6,It's touching, but not to this point. It's too obvious
1,A review of NAVER ratings...
6,I was not impressed, but it was a good movie for me as a dog lover
5,Mother nature is so natural, but the green canvas is so honest.
1,The 9.22 rating means that there are so many dog poo girls in Korea
1,I've been bored the whole time, even though it's a true.It's not an obvious story.
6,9 points is too much.It's a little bit of fun.
1,Why is the rating so high?
6,It's okay for a family movie, but the rating is adjusted
1,I saw it well in my own way. But...What's this -- a movie that's 8.0 is enough
1,Let's stop fooling around with ratings
1,What is the reason why this movie is rated even 300 people?
1,It's not good. It's not fun
6,Honestly, I didn't like it
4,The actors' flat acting doesn't maximize the impression
1,Except for clumsy moves, what's left?
5,Dogs are acting like humans.have a lot of hypothetical features
1,It's so-so.
5,It's true, but I like dogs, but the movie was just so
6,The dogs' performance was good, but I can't help being bored
1,It's well made, though.to the point of being deeply moved
5,I realized today that the Naver rating is unbelievable
6,It's worth seeing, but it's better to see the wolf dog again
3,Did you all see it? People didn't do anything.Not impressed at all of a sudden
5,Well, as long as they're not acting...Really 5 points... Ability to understand
6,I just feel sorry for the dogs.
6,Hwang Jin-mi's evaluation is interesting. I'm touched to a certain extent
4,The dog is pretty, but it's a production. I lied too much in the name of a true story.
1,-_- Why is this movie 9.3? -_-
6,somehow
5,I just want to give you 5 points.
6,Simple story...It's a trick to watch while holding hands with a child's son and daughter.
6,I didn't feel the emotion that other people felt. It's just a movie
6,A movie made by Walt Disney. It's perfect for a family movie.
3,I'm not that impressed considering it actually happened.
6,I don't like the story. If you just want a dog...
6,Oh, I didn't know it would be so boring.-.-...ㅡ.ㅡ
6,It's touching enough if you're not conscious of the dog's artificial smoke.
6,Are the dogs cute and pretty? The search process is boring and there is no urgency.
1,It's a little boring, hmm. About 7 points
5,Forced unrealistic acting, eyewash scene, out-of-the-box song, not half-baked but not funny.
6,It's not to the point of tears, I'm just surprised that it's
1,A stereotyped, over-reacting, too long and too slow movie.
5,Just a regular movie.The dogs were cute
1,The most ridiculous movie since Open Water.Don't look at it.So annoying
1,That's unnecessarily high...What did the dogs do?
5,I like two, but more than three stars is too much.
6,Why is the score so high? It's exactly 6 points.Only dogs are pretty.--;ㅡㅡ;
6,a six-month survival period for sled dogs
4,I don't know if it's because I haven't raised an animal...
1,Don't expect too much. 7 points is enough.
5,I like dogs, but it's boring
3,I thought it was about dogs rescuing a person in distress, but it wasn't
3,I feel less realistic and I think I made a movie of justice. Disappointing
2,Touching doesn't come from contrived settings
1,Are you invading American movies now? But it's not fun!
1,Hurry up and show me the movie. Otherwise, all the computers will pop up!
1,You're making a contrived movie again Glory Road was the first one to...
6,The strong friendship between humans and dogs was beautiful and dazzling.
