클라우스
10,Adults who are happy seeing their children happy.
10,A movie that touched my heart after watching it
9,a heartwarming movie
10,Perfect, perfect, perfect.Perfection
10,If you're looking for a touching movie that will warm your heart, you've come to me exactly.
10,Make sure to watch it. It contains all the values you need to pursue
10,I want to take a break It's a good movie that reminds you of the reality that you don't feel lonely. Super Junior Eunhyuk's recommendation started. I wanted to watch the directing, but it's a movie that lingers even after learning it again. It reminded me that I live because I love everything I do! Everyone, I love you Anyone can tell that they love each other, so it's meaningful to look at Klaus and put him down Recommendation. What should I do?If you're curious about the reason, I hope that Eunhyuk's now_SUPER JUNIOR movie will help you to read the comments. It's also memorable for me, so I recommend it! I know that the meaning of the movie~~~ is a different interpretation. If you look at Klaus, you are loved
7, warm,  hot,  mild
10,Just don't go up and come down.
10,Now_***, it's Super Junior's Eunhyuk! The movie that Hyukjae recommended! I really enjoyed it!
10,The movie that Super Junior Eunhyuk recommends. It's so much funIt feels like I'm going back to my childhood, so I think it's a movie that not only children but also adults like
10,The movie recommended by SJ EUNHYUK! Please understand that this is the best movie of my life because I wrote a fairy tale and gourd without knowing the meaning of becoming a person these days. This is the movie that Eunhyuk recommended on the 103rd episode of NAVER NOW DANY SHOW!
10,The movie that SJ EUNHYUK recommended! It's so much fun! It's a movie where you can find your childhood innocence again. It's a movie that makes you believe in Santa once again. The best Christmas movie of my life!
10,EUNHYUK recommended it. So much fun
10,SUPER JUNIOR EUNHYUK's movie recommendation! Make sure to watch it
10,The movie that Super Junior Eunhyuk recommended!It's really fun, so make sure to watch it!
10,This movie, Wannace! Shaking! Shaking my head! Honey fun, honey fun! So funny!
10,2D animation is so new and good. The content is also Santa's origin, so it is good to watch warm under the blanket when it snows in winter!
10,I teared up at the end. The movie that Super Junior Eunhyuk recommended! Make sure to watch it! You can feel your heart become rich!
10,It's just fun I recommend it
10,The movie that Super Junior's Eunhyuk recommended! A must-see movie!
10,The movie that Eunhyuk recommended! Guaranteed fun?
10,EUNHYUK recommended this movie 10 times It's a movie that you don't regret even if you watch it
10,A masterpiece recommended by SJ EUNHYUK! For a heartwarming and healing movie!
10,The movie recommended by Super Junior's Eunhyuk! It's a good movie to watch on Christmas
10,The movie recommended by SUPER JUNIOR's EUNHYUK! You must watch it!You can watch it on Netflix. It's an animation, but it's not childish and fun
10,SUPER JUNIOR EUNHYUK recommended this song Let me see
10,The movie that is perfect for expressing Christmas. I watched it last year, but I wanted to watch it again after recommending EUNHYUK
10,The movie recommended by Super Junior EUNHYUK! Fun and childhood innocence? Should I say it's a movie that can save you? The drawing style and background are all great!
8,It's a touching Christmas.
8,May the lines in the movie be spread all over the world that good behavior leads to another good behavior.Another version of Santa's birth.^&^
10,I want to watch an animation movieCan't I? I'm sending you!Yes, yes
10,It's healing and heart-warming
10,Make sure to watch it on Christmas... My life's anime top 3.
10,I'm just tearing up. Life is so simple, why do people compete and fight with each other?I'm so touched and moved
10,My heart feels so warm
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it
10,A movie like a Christmas present that warms your heart and makes you feel good
10,Wow, really, the best movie ever, tears of emotion and emotion while watching, it will be another big reason to wait for winter and Christmas. If you haven't watched it, please watch it twice Look three times, no five times
10,I just turned it on on Netflix to watch it while exercising.Why is it fun and touching when the prediction is about the development?
10,Really... ㅠㅠ I watched it about 6000 times ㅠㅠ It is so touching and really fun. ㅠㅠ From now on, Christmas movies will be changed from home alone to Klaus
10,From the beginning to the end, it's a movie that makes you think, "Oh, that's why it happened."
10,It was amazing that he drew such a big impression with the subject of Santa of Christmas that everyone knowsㅠㅠComics from graphic to story OST…‥I played it without any expectations, and it ended with my heart fullㅠㅠ An hour and a half was too short It's really great. I was touched by something new this Christmas
10,I didn't have much expectation. I wanted to watch it because it's a Christmas movie. I'm glad I watched it It's a touching movie that touches my heart The true story of Santa Claus adds to the fun Make sure to watch it!
10,I was just happy to see the preview, but I'm so touched that you just found out As far as I know, I think the story of Santa is good enough
10,It was so touching and fun
10,Everyone was a child who was moved by small things. The OST is so good, too
10,
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It's such a touching movie...The best Christmas OST is really good, too
10,It really warms my heart
10,I learned a lot about Santa It wasn't scary. It was good It's fun to deduce the next scene with your family It's touching. Elementary school student
10,It's so much fun! I want to watch it again
10,Best Christmas animation ever.If you still dream of a warm life and society.
10,The Best Christmas Movie
10,a heartwarming movie
10,They're so necessary in this age of disgust. I cried a lot
10,
8,So Christmas goes by the winter.
10,It's like protecting the innocence of childhood. You make Santa Claus, tooThe last scene of my life movie is very sad ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Wow, it's my favorite animation. Disney Pixar is the best animation. I love the story A humorous, non-stop story
7,It conveys a cute and small story about the birth of Santa Claus brilliantly, and both humor and emotion come out satisfactorily, and it is an animation that is enough to watch with family during the holidays.
10,The list of bad children was so funny.
10,A heart-warming, very, heart-warming.
10,I saw it on Netflix and it's a great movie!
10,It's a heart-warming story. I was so touched
10,There are so many animations of this kind that I watched without expectation, but there were tears point about three times and it was fun. Especially, the character that comes out as a Sami is so cute!A 48-year-old lady's review.
8,It's a good animation to watch with children.Have a happy Christmas coming up.
10,
10,The Secret of the Birth of Santa Claus
10,A movie where everyone is happy ㅠㅠ
10,Everything is so pretty one by one. Throughout the movie, you will be able to see yourself shedding tears on the black screen of your cell phone from time to time.
10,Lovely Klaus, Jasper, and cute kids were so funny and I watched it with tears and runny nose. ㅠㅠ Adults and children can enjoy it, but I think adults who are tired of life will be more moved when they will be touchedHaha
10,It's hairy and has a high rating. A 36-year-old man got goosebumps while watching a moviea strange experience
10,A heartwarming movie. I think I will watch it every Christmas.
9,Klaus, the movie is good. The picture is pretty
10,I cried a lot while watching it.... A movie that is fun, touching and warm-hearted
10,It's a touching story where you can feel the excitement of waiting for Christmas when you were young. I can still feel it after watching it.
10,I think the behind-the-scenes story of the character Santa is well captured with novel materials, neat video beauty, and a good story. The latter half of the movie seemed a little predictable, but I was satisfied with the movie to the point where I felt like it was really a jade tee.
8,A warm work that reminds us that children are the beacon of society
10,Christmas season or fallI think the atmosphere will be great in the winter!I recommend it
10,It's a movie that makes me realize how much I miss you and makes me sad
10,The OST is good, too. I cried five times
10,Warm movie. I'm going to watch it again around Christmas.
10,Best movie for adults, too
10,
10,
10,Good deeds lead to another good deed. It's so beautiful and touching.
10,It's a masterpiece. I can't believe it's from Netflix
10,
10,진정한 선의의 행동은 다른 사람을 자극한다.
10,There's no need for words. Please make sure that everyone watched it.
10,It was touching and fun in the middle, so I was able to enjoy it without being bored!
8,
10,It's so much fun, it's a tearful and touching movie.
10,I love it. It's my favorite movie. I cried a lot while watching it Make sure you watch it It's so touching that humanity is coming back to come back
10,A Midsummer Night's Best Warm Gift
10,It's such a touching and sad story.The perfect movie!!!
8,One good deed leads to a greater good.
10,It's touching even for adults
10,If this movie came out in my childhood, I think the movie I used to watch every Christmas would have been changed to this movie at home alone.
10,Best Christmas Movie for Adults
10,It was obvious, but the production and quality were good
10,
10,I really enjoyed it It's a neat and touching movie. It's perfect for Christmas specials
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family before Christmas in the cold winterI recommend it. ^^ lines create lines?
4,Personally, it was boring
10,Why didn't such a great movie become an issue? A really warm movie. A lovely movie. It's touching. It's the best. Make sure you watch it. It's a good educational movie. Good influence breeds another good.
10,
10,It warms my heart.
10,It's touching ㅠㅠ I didn't think much about it, but it's
10,Evil is no match for goodness and is what adults should do in the future to keep children's pure hearts
10,The best Christmas movie to express Christmas
10,
10,It was so touching!!!
10,Life movie that you must watch
10,I really enjoyed it. A touching movie in 50 lines. I like it a lot.
10,romance
10,It's a movie that moved me a lot
10,Irishman, marriage story, Klaus... What kind of story will Netflix leave for the movie company in the future...
10,It's an emotion that you need in your life
10,I got in trouble because I got choked up while watching it while eating
9,What a lovely movie. It warms my heart.
10,
10,A movie that makes me happy without any countermeasures.He's crying
10,It's a trick that makes it impossible to write a review. It is a movie that I want to show to children. I think the children will keep it in their hearts forever. It's a luxury Annie that I feel sorry for not being able to see in the theater
10,A movie that warms my heart. I want to be the only one who changes the world
9,Good deeds lead to another good deed.
10,Let's watch it. Even adults can see this ㅠㅠㅜㅜ That's so nice
10,The perfect Christmas movie.
10,
10,The drawing style was unfamiliar at first, but as I got used to it, I thought it was a very beautiful and unique animation. My heart was also warmed by the spread of warmth in the gray village. ^^
10,
8,I can't wait for the cold winter
10,I realized that Santa actually exists.
10,It's a warm Christmas movie that makes you feel like you're a child.
10,To be honest, it's because it's not well known to people, but it was a movie that was well received by both audiences and critics, ranking 127th on IMDB this year.
9,If you believe in Christmas and Santa, make sure to watch it
10,Best movie to watch on Christmas Eve!
10,Auntie is crying ㅠㅠ Tears welled up ㅠㅠ Clean aftertaste ㅠㅠ
10,A simple message: Children are angels from birth, but if adults don't show the right world, it's hell
10,
10,It's like an animation for adults♡
10,It's the best movie ever
10,The story, video, and music are all perfectㅠㅠ It's so warm and my heart is full of hope?
10,The Best Christmas Beginning
10,It's the best Christmas movie.  I cry every time I see it.
10,It felt like I went back to my childhood2020 was a really hard year, but it warms my heart
10,I didn't think much and cried. It's the best.
10,
10,It doesn't matter if Santa Claus is a fact or not A movie that is deeply moved by the good influence of people and neighboring villages changing.
9,The Best Christmas Movie of My Life
10,I cried while watching itㅠㅠ Among them, I burst into tears when the sleigh flew up. It's a real trick. Moreover, just after Christmas, I think I'm really lucky to be able to enjoy it today, just in time for the atmosphere of today and the atmosphere of the work.
10,A warm and touching movie for Christmas! Strong story, unique character, and beautiful scenery
10,It's a perfectly Christmas movie.  It's all fun and touching. In particular, Klaus' last scene really touches my heart. I highly recommend it.
10,It's so touching. I think this movie is like a Christmas present
10,The best animation movie I've ever seen
10,It's a perfect Christmas story
10,A Good Story Reinterpretation of Santa's Origin
10,
10,I kept recommending it on Netflix and they said it was 99% matching, so I was playing hard to get and then I started playing hard to get. I can't believe I'm seeing it now... It's heartwarming after seeing it, sad at the end, but sad at the end because it's hopeful.I think it is the best animation related to winter.There are many elements that make me think, many lessons, and even a proper story and emotion.Unlike other winter-related animations, it is full of animation. I was sorry for the time. So I wonder what Klaus and Jasper are talking about when they meet once a year
10,It's a great movie even for adults who feel so warm. Make sure you watch it
10,I recommend you to wrap up 2020 warmly!
10,
10,It's a story that everyone can predict, but it's a warm animation that goes well with a relaxing weekend night at the end of the year.
10,I'm crying at this age ㅜㅜ
10,I think I cried about ten times The Best Film to Light Up Christmas
10,I remember posting a letter to Santa when I was young.It's the best Christmas movie, including the touching story
1,a rather childish and boring story
10,It's an impeccably fun and touching story I don't leave a lot of reviews, but I like it as much as it's my life movie
10,The most touching and funny animation movie I've ever seen in the winter
10,A movie that shows that the world is still beautiful
10,Wow... The perfect movie for Christmas is the greatest movie of my life!1
10,I cried about four times when I was 38 years old. I don't know what to say. Make sure you watch it. It's about a gift that changes a person's mind.
10,I saw it before, but I saw it again this Christmas. There was a touching smile. I was smiling at the end and filled with tears. It was a movie that the whole family watched happily. ^^
10,It's really great. It's warm and touching
10,The Good Effects of Christmas on Us
10,It was a movie called Santa Claus that reminded me of my childhood innocence. A warm movie that makes you smile all the time.Good deeds make another good.I think it's necessary for the board of directors.
10,That was a good movie. Good will leads to another good will
10,Now, I'm going to be home alone on Christmas
10,I'm so happy to see this by chance on Christmas Day.
10,It's so much fun. I strongly recommend it
10,It is the most realistic and moving story of Christmas animation I have ever seen. I watched it without any expectations, and I was so touched. Where did you get this idea from? It's a Netflix movie that surprised me once again.
10,
10,It's an animation that doesn't leave out anything. Maybe they're teaching their kids to split sides and fight for no particular reason? I thought, "Wouldn't it be true happiness if we lived as simple as children?" "Good behavior leads to another good behavior." I highly recommend it to those who want to recharge their childhood innocence
10,A Christmas movie faithful to the basics. Lessons, warm production, funny scenes. It's obvious, but fun and touching. It'
10,
10,If you look at other movies about Christmas, the story of Santa and Rudolph is already based on the story that we know. This movie is interpreted differently, so I think it's very fresh. I don't usually watch cartoon movies, but I changed my mind after watching this movie
10,Everyone recommended it, so I thought how fun it would be and watched it.It's a masterpieceㅠㅠ I cried because it was so touching and sadㅠㅠ It is a heartwarming movie.
10,I didn't expect anything. It was so nice크리스I will watch it every Christmas
10,A really warm Christmas movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
9,I think it's a good Christmas movie
10,The story is so beautiful and touching.It's a movie that interprets how the Christmas story began interestingly. ♡ The story is interesting because it's not obvious. ♡ I think it's not obvious because Santa Claus is portrayed in a unique way
10,Children's stories that adults who couldn't do good deeds want to hear again
10,A heart-warming movie... It's a touching and happy story that touches every moment. I watched it with my family and it still lingers afterwards. ㅠㅠ The best movie to watch on Christmas!
10,Make sure to watch the movie of your life on Christmas
10,Movies that you want to watch every Christmas Eve
10,So funny and touching ㅠㅠ
10,I tend to cry a lot, but at the end, I watched it while sobbing I found my favorite movie on Christmas. Thank you Klaus and Jasper Klaus will always be in my heart
10,He's turning 33 next year and cried a lot
10,I think it's been a while since I saw a really touching story. If I do it at the theater, I'll definitely go watch it again
10,How can you be so creative? Isn't it a genius to be able to give a story like this to Santa Claus that everyone knows? The writer and crew are amazing.
10,The writer is a genius. He's got nothing
10,It is one of the most impressive movies I have seen this year It sounds obvious, but it's touching
10,Why didn't I know this movie until now?
10,
10,I can't believe there's a movie like this ㅠㅠ a movie that will be loved by everyone...You're the best. You have to watch it twice
10,I watched it lightly in the subway...
10,The story is very novel and the visuals are beautiful. I think it is a work that is differentiated from any movie related to Christmas and proudly entered the ranks of masterpieces of honor to the point where I want to go back and feel the same emotion again. a lot of fun;
10,Two twenty-four, twenty-seven men watched it in the army to celebrate Christmas. It's been a while since I've seen a masterpiece like this. Thank you.
10,Watch this while drinking cocoa at home on Christmas night
10,Oh my god. It's so amazing. Why did you say "spring" now?
10,2020 The best movie ever. Beautiful and touching
10,It's fun and touching
10,
10,It's so much fun. I'm touched!The story is all good
9,The origin of Santa Claus that touches my heart. A masterpiece that I want to show my children
10,It was really incredible. It's been a long time since I made such a well-made movie that shows the beautiful things that come out more and more as I go to the climax. It's a movie full of greed to make the world beautiful without feeling commercial greed. So it's a movie that makes you happy the more you think about it. I want everyone in the world to watch this movie.
10,It's so touching. It was the best Congratulations on the birth of Jesus. I love you Lord ^^*
10,It reinterprets the origin of Christmas in a fresh way, and the warm story and moving image is unique and beautiful. The OST is also the best It's a great animation since Coco. It's a wonderful Christmas movie that can be given away regardless of age or child
10,
10,Thank you so much for the movie like my treasure box that made me think of my most precious memories, realize what is most precious to me now and what makes me happy, and make Christmas 2020 a precious memory for next Christmas
10,a Christmas movie
10,The reinterpretation of the Santa Claus myth was so fresh and interesting. It's a movie that would be nice to watch with kids later and it's a movie that warms your heart.Recommended as a good movie to watch on Christmas!
10,It's healing itself ㅠㅠ  Please watch it
10,a wonderful movie with a combination of fun
10,a heartwarming story
10,I think it explains the origin of Christmas well.I think those who watched the movie will think of this movie every Christmas!
10,It tells the story of Sami and Klaus grandfather in a simple way
10,
10,a heartwarming movie
10,
10,
10,It's the best animation Make sure you watch it. I almost cried even though I'm an adult
10,I watched a good animation movie after a long time
8,The birth of a new Christmas animation that will be responsible for the home theater in December for the next few years!
10,I cried when I was 32 years old.Good deeds give birth to good deeds and may everyone in the world be happy.I'd like to recommend this movie
10,
10,I can't believe I made this story out of the ordinary subject of letters.
10,A story that I will tell my children later.
10,' The most important thing is invisible. ' It was the most beautiful and warm Christmas movie that showed the power of good influence to make people friendly and kind to others. I could understand the saying that it was so beautiful that I was about to cry after watching this movie. When Cradit went up after the movie, it felt like I went back to my childhood and received a big gift. If I were in a movie theater, I would probably sit there for a long time after the ending. Feel the deep lingering feeling that you want to keep it if you can. If you have a small wish, I hope Klaus will be released in the theater one winter after the pandemic. And tree and Carol hope to be able to walk through the streets decorated with mild bulbs in the crowd
10,
10,It's not a part that makes people cry because they might miss humanity a lot, but there were a lot of parts that made me cry without realizing it. (Originally, I had a lot of tears)
10,They're all good. It's been a while
10,It's lovely and touching.
10,
10,ㅠㅠ I don't think I've ever cried like this after watching an animation since Coco. I was really impressed.
10,I was really touched by the kids. A movie that must be shown to children.
10,It's a movie where you can feel the emotions and emotions of a real child! Make sure to watch it. I didn't expect it because it was an animation, but it was a really fun and lingering movie I really recommend it!
10,It's just the best movie that warms your heart and tears for no reason.
10,I've never had a rating like this before. It's a masterpiece. I can't express it with any words. It's a masterpiece
9,Good. Is it the origin of Santa Claus? Hahaha
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,It's the best Christmas animation ever. It's so touching. ㅜㅜㅜ
10,A good movie to watch in winter. I understand why you won an award^^ Because of its excellent work, anyone can enjoy it
10,I highly recommend this movie.I don't understand why it's not floating. I recommend it to my acquaintances. Everyone likes it. I think I'll watch it at least twice.I just watched it without thinking and got refreshed정말The whole time I watch it, I smile around my mouth and my heart warms up. I highly recommend it ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's my first time doing a rating review.  It's a movie that I want to watch again and again I only sold Disney and Ghibli, but it's a shame that I knew there was a masterpiece like this. I want to keep it for the rest of my life and watch it with you if I have children Thank you so much for making this work
10,When I was young, I believed in Santa Claus, and I thought it was cool not to believe in Santa Claus when I got a little older, and now I just want to believe in Santa Claus.
10,The things that make the world beautiful, and I think they may be surprisingly close to us. It was the most heartwarming movie I've seen this year.
10,It's good. It's just good.
10,
10,This is a real movie. It's such a good content
10,A must-see movie for Christmas
10,I think this animation will come to mind in the winter now! A really fun and touching movie.
10,
10,I really liked it. I think this movie will come to my mind first when I think of Christmasㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it! We recommend it. ㅜㅜ
10,Best movie for childhood innocence
8,Klaus, you were touched.
10,
10,I picked it on the spot without much expectation, but I really felt the end of the year vibe! He's imaginative and has a unique painting style and coloring technique, so the visual beauty was great Hahaha
10,I cried watching an animation after a long timeA movie that lingers a lot and makes Christmas even more special
10,It's fun and touching Make sure you watch it. It's about the origin of Santa
10,
10,I was so touched until the end^^
10,It's so beautiful
10,Touching, touching, touching
10,
10,I happened to see a recommendation. I was like, "Wow! Wow!" I really recommend it as a winter movie! Please make sure everyone watched it crying
10,The best Christmas movie has changed
10,It's a heartwarming movie that I want to watch with my child again when he grows up!
10,It is the best movie to watch on Christmas.
10,The content is so warm
10,I think I'll see it every winter
10,
10,It's touching. I love it
10,It's the best. Look at it's the best For your information, I watched the dubbing. The best
10,It's perfect.I shed tears...Movies suitable for winter...
10,
10,The story was good and the OST was really good.
10,It was a happy movie that made me feel sad
10,A movie like a Christmas present that touched my heart
10,A movie that regains humanity. I recommend it as an end of the year movie!
10,Touching ㅠㅠ So good to see on Christmas
10,It's been a while since I've enjoyed the beauty of my ears and my tired daily life with OST.I saw it yesterday and today in a long time ago.It became my life movie
10,I saw it without any expectations, but it was unexpected It touches my heart deeplyI really enjoyed it
10,That's a pretty story It's nice to see with the kids
10,
10,
10,I liked it because it was a unique Christmas story! The animation style is so pretty
10,The best childhood innocence is animation! The story, the innocent children, the witty points of Santa's birth, and the OST that maximizes the excitement and excitement. And I think the beautiful color and the restrained visual beauty are perfect. I watched it 10 times, but I don't get sick of it and want to watch it again.
10,A movie that brings back memories and feelings of childhood Christmas
10,I've already watched it several times on Netflix, but if it's released in theaters, I'll go see it again
9,The story of Klaus, a human who spread love to a world marred by hatred and violence.It's more of a world like this. Not only Christmas, but 365 days full of love.
10,There are many movies that are not as interesting as the obvious story, but I think the movie told me that there are no movies that are as touching as the obvious story.
10,It's fun, warm, and touchingcrying
10,It's worth watching! I think it's better than Frozen 2. I think it'll be okay to come out to the theater
10,It's just an animation that comes to mind all the time to time. Well made warm movie
10,
7,The origin of Santa Claus is plausible
