그린 마일
1,It's the most brutal movie I've ever seen in 10 years. In conclusion, John Coffee died after being used to cure centipede's disease. They're all hypocrites, and it's so bitter that I can't bear to see them through
2,I can't get into it because there's a SF scene in the middle.ㅜㅜ
1,Of course. The rating is too high.
1,What's so funny and touching about this ㅇㅅㅇ?
2,It was boring...
2,Now that I look at it again, it's a piece of crap Black people are absolute plus some superpower. The woman is the weak, the victim is the perpetrator. It was a very pukey Femi pc movie
4,A highly valued film by Tom Hanks. Let's be honest. The movie is so lame and boring. I thought it was Sha Wujing when I saw a bug coming out of my mouth. The scene of fixing the wife's illness really went to the mountains. The ureter is quick to cure; why drag it out; Jesus' return, racism, and human compassion for death row inmates. It's the personification medium of the Tom Hanks movie, and now it's a mouse.This is jjamppong.
4,I think he was trying to convey a message against the death penalty, but the movie is so boring. FANTASY elements are so out of the blue and absurd
6,I thought it was a human story of a condemned man and a prison guard, but he suddenly performed a healing spell, and I wondered what this was, but when I thought it was a metaphor for Jesus, I could understand it roughly
6,Three hours is boring, and two hours would have been fresh.   There are a lot of useless scenes trying to fill the screening time. 2. Black superpowers can't sympathize without any explanation. Are you asking me to shut up and watch?If you don't want to ask, is it 10 points?
1,Read OOO
3,a long and slow movie
5,Stephen King's original films are often overrated. a childish good and evil plot
1,Article 11 Preferential prices and countries for businesses
5,Like Stephen King's original story, the story is good, but people who don't like boring things can either like or dislike it
2,The nerds and the crybaby gummies who overdo it with a little rat-snake turned it off because they got sick of it
2,I saw it because I heard it was a masterpiece starring Tonks, but it's boring and boring with ridiculous story. It's a waste of time.
1,Ha... It's a movie that's not worth watching unless you're a Christian. I watched it because of Tom Hanks, and it was a completely ridiculous movie, maybe because I didn't have a religion.
1,6.5 points, fell for the rating. There are a lot of parts where the flow is slow, but I'm going to cut it down to 2 hours of running time. If I filmed a movie that failed for 3 hours, it would have been worth watching. 그리고 And Namjoo's double chin is fat and ugly!  And if you don't want to be immortal, let me go
1,Do. 1 Latina rating. LOL
6,The contradiction of executing others while they are being executed unfairly executed. The process is not clean either. It is selfish to use others to kill others and confess that you will be punished sweetly.
3,It's so childish. The effort to contain a lot of messages was virtual, but it was not easy to see for 20OOO because it was too childish and had a strong religious color.
1,I'm a fan of director Frank Darabont, who directed the Shawshank Escape, but I think it's better to just look at it as a book.
4,I didn't know it was a magic fantasy movie, and it was boring because spring was unreal and the running time was long. Except for this, it didn't really hit home
1,No words needed.
1,I was really looking forward to it. What did you mean by that?;;;
1,I felt a bit uncomfortable when I had urethral inflammation.
1,Coffee, which inherited the miracle of Jesus, is antipathetic in that it "evaluated" good and evil on its own and even carried out "execution" on it. Moreover, the execution was bought not by his own hands, but by what he thought was "other evil."
6,A movie like a fantasy novel.
5,It doesn't touch too much.
1,What an unethical movie. The third-rate movie starts with a prison guard who has to obey the law taking out the death row and sneaking out of prison.
5,A masterpiece is a masterpiece, but the development is so boring. The 3-hour run-time is also a bit difficult.
1,It's really substandard childish brilliance It was popular in the beginning but suddenly changed to fantasy It seems like black Jesus is worse than the cartoon for elementary school students in the martial arts novel Frog? It's really ridiculous
6,Honestly, I was really looking forward to it, but it was unrealistic. And it wasn't that touching. This is real ㅠㅠ
5,the psychological burden of three hours
1,Boring. Tom Hanks fan, but a crazy story that suddenly turns from prison crime drama to fantasy by magic. I didn't feel the fun of Tom Hanks style, which I expected, and I couldn't understand that the genre suddenly changed to fantasy, and I couldn't even understand that the score was so high
6,Honestly, I lost concentration when I used magic...
6,If Jesus had come to this world and done miracles without anyone knowing, he might have been treated like that black man...
6,Failure to empathize with some fantastic settings related to healing ability and immortality can lead to poor immersion. Apart from this, the actors' acting is good and there are many touching moments.
1,It's not that fun or touching
5,To be honest, I think this is what forceful thinking is
5,I'm touched by the strange setting that doesn't make any sense.
5,The movie is too long for a contrived, predictable story.
1,The last monologue is so cheesy
4,It stimulates your imagination, but... It is too long to tell a terrible and sad story.
1,I guess kids get touched by this. You got in trouble for being bored. If you want to feel the real fun and emotion, I recommend you to drive Miss Daisy.
6,Christianizing jjamppong superstitions and miracles will lead to such an eternal failure.
2,It's just an idolized movie of black Jesus, a religious person might relate, but I'm a non-religious person, I'm not funny, I'm boring, I'm not funny
1,have an excessive rating The reason is humanism. Literally, I'm dealing with life history, but I'm suddenly less moved by a superpower.
6,The movie is very avant-garde and 188 minutes goes by so quickly. a subtle touch
1,Emotional movies for religious people
5,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
4,6.7 Religious people seem to have a high rating for their meaning. It is forced to be forced due to lack of reality.
5,A serious fantasy that does a lot of this and that.
5,an interesting subject an interesting development But the sudden fantasy is a little on my mind. 8.9 points
1,John Coffee. So, zoom in on 1 point. The best movie ever.
1,Fantasy movie? Where's the touching part? Only heaven and hell are coming out a pathetic film directed by
6,Isn't the rating too high? I'd be fine without that giant black guy, but he's so clumsy--
1,It's my favorite genre, so I was looking forward to it, but... I can't feel the slightest bit of emotion. Trash...
1,I was fooled by the rating. I found out today that Naver's rating is unbelievable.
1,Why is this a masterpiece, can you make me understand? Out of all the gradations...Black Jesus? Is that a reinterpretation of Jesus?
6,It was just...
4,Good, good
2,Sleepy and boring movies score 9 points.Did Alba evaluate the movie 10 years ago? He said Christianity is the best
6,It's a drama/fantasy like water and oil, but the story is poor.The Christian element is irritating.
1,The Fantasy of the Black Wizard
1,I just saw it, but... A rating of 7.5 seems appropriate.
1,It's really not a movie like this.  The rating is too high
5,As expected, there is no movie like a novel
1,I couldn't take advantage of the heart-warming feeling of the novel.
4,Shawshank, first-degree murder is the best!
2,It was fun in the beginning...I can't believe it's a sudden fantasy.
5,It doesn't mean anything, but I don't know why it's 9 points
1,할 말이 없다.
6,Prison Fantasy
5,What? I thought it was serious, but it's a fantasy that doesn't make sense.;;;
6,It was a fantasy drama, but...There was no emotion like escape from Shawshank.
6,It is regrettable that the Christian doctrine has become blurred, with only the divine and the punishment of power left to be understood by human thought
1,I was really surprised when the moth came out of my mouth. It's a well-made movie, but it's too high, so let's cut the score
1,It was a long learning time and an unrealistic story, so it wasn't a big deal
4,Boring.
1,A movie that everyone says they like. A movie that's just like that
1,Is it because I was expecting too much?
1,Sweaty black man with moths coming out of his mouth. What kind of a saojung?
6,Expectations were high because of the Shawshank escape.
6,His God is
6,It's a good movie, but because of the boring development...
6,John Coffee started to get annoyed when he spat out something. Why are you crying?
1,9.15 is too much. You come down.
6,If I think about it for a moment, it's a masterpiece, if I think about it again, Pyeongjak... I feel betrayed.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
6,There is a message to impress, but the process doesn't seem to be very touching.
1,It's so boring and not touching.Unrealistic worst film.
3,The initial death penalty was interesting.After that, there was no death penalty and I felt no sympathy for the condemned man.
5,The background, music, etc. are all good, but the content...
5,You're suddenly turning into SF
2,unrealistic, impractical, unreal
5,I've been disappointed in this movie ever since I left my mouth. Take note, it's boring.
6,The miracle-making hit is the story of a muscle pig.It's not that fun and warm. Why is the rating so high?
1,I was bored the whole time Keep that in mind.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
6,Don't watch fantastic movies
2,Black silver is a reproduction of Jesus' life story.He was neither a messiah nor a healer, but a good beast.
2,A film unrelated to Spielberg, but on the poster, Spielberg's name is bigger than the title... Why?
3,It's not like he's doing magic. It's Stephen King's royal network
6,The reason why it suddenly turned into a fantasy movie is frustrating.
2,Under the guise of differences in taste, I will refrain from making primary accusations.
1,Is this a movie?
2,The Shawshank escape was enough
3,It's a touching drama that doesn't appeal that much.
5,It's been a long time since I had high expectations.Not really
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
1,Top
6,Love your surroundings unconditionally
1,It's ridiculous as the person below says
4,It's kind of forced. I'm touched.
5,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,unrealistic, impractical, unreal
5,It's so unrealistic...
4,It falls short of the expectations of unrealistic materials and overpackaging
1,The rating is too high. 8.3 points is a reasonable story and a forced
4,Why didn't I like it? It was like a fairy tale.
6,I'm just...-
1,Good. It's fun. But unrealism interferes with empathy.Still, good.
1,It's worth watching, but I think it's a good eight.
3,I don't understand why you punished them
1,I was disappointed as much as I expected. I'm bored all the time
1,I'm sorry --
5,a boring movie
1,The disappointment is as great as expected.
1,A movie that stopped
6,an increasingly boring movie
1,A movie that ate up the reputation of Shawshank's escape.I agree.
6,A movie I want to show my kids.
1,I don't like rats.
3,It was fun, but isn't it too glorifying the sinner?
1,The movie that made me sleep for 3 hours, no message, and the movie is sf.
5,forced humanism
6,It's fun, but it's like a dangerous movie.
3,It's like a movie that was made openly asking for an Academy Award.It's well made, but it's not special.
6,Hanks has been missing something recently Do your best
6,A work that can elicit audience response.
5,A movie that makes me cry looking back at myself.
