먼 훗날 우리
10,I highly recommend it if you like fine-grained wheat
10,We're both gonna be fine Let's do that
10,
10,
10,It's been a while since I cried.
10,
10,Tell the loved one you love, tell the sorry one you're sorry, before they leave.
9,I will say I love you when I see you again in the future.
10,How are you? I am still black and white. I loved you so much. Thank you so much for letting me love you like that.  I'm blindingly happy than anyone else. I love you.
10,Wow, it's so sad.The movie that I cried after watching it for the first time in a while. It's calm at first, but it's getting deeper and deeper, so it permeates more. It's been a while since I was impressed by this movie
10,Now that I'm in my 40s, I have a lot of lingering feelings about this movie
8,Everything was happy during the time with you. In the end, our love was not eternal, but I think it became more precious and missed it. I'll never forget it. Thank you. I don't think my 20s can escape you. If you watch this movie someday, please think of me.
10,I hesitated to watch it and watched it. It was 2 hours that I didn't regret
9,a deep sorrow for my humble relationshipI've missed you, but I'm going to move on. Thank you for loving me
10,Everything's good, life, family, life, and calm
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,It's just... It's a really good and touching story because all the emotions were delivered
10,
10,If there was a person who seriously considered marriage, there would be a moving point regardless of age.
6,The clumsy Chinese version of La La Land
10,
10,I don't like China, but...Chinese movies are good.
8,It's a good movie to watch
10,I was so sad thinking about you while watching this movie.I was resentful that I didn't understand your tiredness.I regretted my arrogance in letting you go.How are you doing? 20 years later, the place you passed still hurts.I wish I could see you once before I die.
10,I've seen it more than 10 times in my life
10,How many times have we seen each other?
8,In China, the snow scene is very beautiful, and the movie atmosphere is very good
9,Tired and desperate love Overall, the visual beauty was very excellent and the sensitivity of the emotional line stood out.However, it is very regrettable that the scene, which should have remained very impressive in the part of talking to the child actor, was ruined by the child actor's ridiculous clumsy acting.
10,I didn't cry but at the end...
10,a movie that resonates until the end
10,Wow... The movie that lingers in my heart
10,
10,an inexplicable sense of reality
10,It's a long and gloomy feeling. Be nice to your precious people
10,Thank you for being with me in those days. I'm sure you're living well somewhere Thank you for accepting my unfinished self when I was least mature. When we were just over 20, we lacked a lot of things back then, but I think it was good just being with the two of us. It was thanks to you that the strange city of Seoul felt like home for the first time. If you ever see this movie, please think of me
10,Why do I keep thinking of you from beginning to end?
10,A movie that really lingers in my mind
10,It's a movie that makes my heart ache.Before you lose a precious person... Say you're sorry. That line lingers in my heart.The theme songs are great, too.
10,It reminds me of my Chinese girlfriend. I hope you are doing?了，?不起
10,
10,The difference between reality and ideal.I've been looking forward to it, and it's okay, and I'm sad.
9,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. It was a movie where I could feel the uncertain future, the frustrating reality, the relationship with my loved ones, and my parents.It's calm and nice to watch alone
10,"When I see Kelly, tell her I'm sorry..."
10,Sigh... It's just a legendㅠㅠ T.T
10,It was calm in the beginning, but I couldn't control my emotions in the second half, so I cried a lot. I think this movie is beyond words Everything was perfect, but not bad, especially my father's letter and ending credits I want to watch it again, but I don't know if I can handle it Thank you for making a good movie.
9,Lin Jianqing, I've always loved you
6,A time when it's not our fault.
10,Bomi, I'm sorry. Live a happy life. Happy memories of my 20s
10,I'm sorry. I love you
10,What I didn't know when I was young...Getting to know as you get older...Let's enjoy the present and live without regrets ^^
1,
10,If you did. What was it like now?crying
10,Top
10,Make sure to watch the ending creditThe strange feeling of sadness when Cooper, the main character of the movie Interstellar, cried while watching a video letter from his daughter who became an adult after many years...
10,Melo + Family Movie
10,Why did I watch Chinese movies when I don't watch them? I felt like I was going to lie in bed for a few days.ㅠㅠ Those times of my 20s when I had crazy love come to mind...And I'm still alone like the heroine because I think I'm going to go crazy
10,It was a movie that made my heart ache because I could see my crazy love in my 20s, who had nothing but love. I've been listening to the OST for hours because it's been so long since I saw it.
10,"I don't hate you anymore..." - Ending credits
10,Make sure you watch a great movie that captures both love and family
10,It's a good movie to watch now that I'm 24 years old, but I wish I had seen it when I was older. I want to see it again when I get older
5,For young people living in rural China, money and honor in the city are not everything, so don't crawl into the city.
10,a masterpiece with all the directing, acting, and lines
8,The last letter was the saddest
10,
10,The best! The best! The best! The best!
1,There's no movie that didn't cry after watching me, but I got angry after watching this...
10,It's a movie that makes you think of precious people once again.
10,My Life Movie - Mint Seungil -
10,The black and white world and the color world... It was a really ㅠㅠ sad movie... It's not just a tearful movie. It really hurt my heart.
10,I thought it was a romantic comedy and cried a lot
10,
8,I would get mad if I was eating ramen during the Lunar New Year and the guy didn't eat it with me and I was playing games
10,Two men cried while watching.
10,
10,The best movie of the 21st century.
10,Let's color it together
10,Why I'm still staying in the spring when you left. Are you living well in achromatic world after leaving like that?
10,Recalling myself in the past when I lost my preciousness from familiarity. Be good at being precious and don't get used to it
10,It's a movie that brings out the purest moments of love.
10,I was crying without realizing it I was sad about the time that passed, and the things I didn't know at the time were fate and memories
10,
10,A winter movie that comes to mind when it gets cold...
10,
10,Love is timing... Oh, my heart hurtsThe sun
8,The love you've been waiting for...It becomes a farewell, a memory.
10,
10,
10,I fall in love with actor Joo Dong Woo.Even though it's a different country, a great actor who fascinates with just one act...
10,It's so calm and the story is so nice
10,It's so real that a lot of emotions swirl. I don't know what to write. If anyone hasn't seen this movie, I'd recommend watching it right away. Some emotions sometimes reach the heart beyond nationality. This movie was like that to me.
10,After a long time, I met a movie comparable to a love letter. When winter comes, this movie will come to mind.
10,
10,My life's melodrama... It was so immersive because it was the end of a real relationship, and the close emotional line between the two main characters seemed to naturally see a real lover, and unlike other movie dramas that usually deal with the past in black and white, the present was so good. It was a heartbreaking sad ending throughout the game story and the appropriate production that Ian would be black and white if he couldn't find Callie. Ian loves Callie forever.
10,It's a great movie! I strongly recommend it.
10,Dehydration. I wish we could meet again, but I know it's gonna be the same.It's frustrating... It's sad...
10,I can't get enough of it. It's so much fun
10,Love that will repeat itself even if I go back to those days
10,It's the first movie that leaves a review
10,We were shining so brightly that we couldn't live without, but we were young and beautiful every day after day.
8,
8,My heart aches at the memories of old love that anyone would have. I should do my best to thank the precious people around me now. I was not interested in Chinese movies because of my prejudice, but I was lucky to know an actor named Joo Dong-woo!
10,In the distant future, we... Can we meet again? What should we do when we meet again?
10,I miss you, take care. I'm sorry, Hyen
8,Back in those days, you...I can't remember now.
10,I can't stop thinking about it.
10,Crying, heartbreaking reality...
1,People who gave high marks, what did they see? Did you even watch a movie?
8,Joo Dong-woo's movies always linger. I recommend you when you were a boy I don't really watch Chinese movies, but I always watch Joo Dong-woo's movies. I know that minus one star is a movie that will leave a lingering impression, so I take it away
10,
10,I'll give you five stars Satisfaction
9,I personally loved it.
9,I hope you watch a really good movie!
10,"Xiao Xiao, if you're having a hard time, come back anytime."
10,I don't know why I did that back then. Now that I think about it, I'm so sadIt would have been nice if it ended with a happy ending, but it's a great movie that lingers for a long timePlease be nice to the people around you
10,I'm fine now and I'll cheer for you to take care.
10,At first, I wanted to feel the unique emotions of the movie, so I turned it on to watch it lightly, but at the end, I held my heart to not cry. The directing and visual beauty were so pretty, the lines were good, and I think there is nothing to miss about the story or acting.Understanding the heroine's decision, I nodded and watched, and when I thought of my father, I cried my eyes out, and I was immersed in the movie, and two hours passed quicklyThe reunion was almost impossible in real life, but the ending was predictable, but I wanted to see each other hold on, meet again, at least in a movie ㅠㅠ It was more realistic and heartbreakingAbuji came to Xiao Xiao, and he started laughing.
9,I'm sure everyone thought of him after the movie.
9,At first, I thought the man had anger management disorder, but he really did.
10,I cried my eyes out after a long time
10,1st: Reminds me of China's unique atmosphere when I was studying in Beijing. 2nd: Xiao Xiao I feel sorry for you. Jianqing has a family. 3rd: You love so much that your values have been reversed. I can relate to it. Episode 4: Xiao Xiao is cool Will I be able to be that kind of person? I'll accept everything in silence, leave first, decide first, and manage...Number five: What thoughts and feelings did the father have when he knew all these processes and consequences?
10,It is a movie that I can give you 10 points because I can relate and be touched through my personal life history and 9 points with objective eyes. The achromatic (black-and-white) scene seems to be too kind to inform the public, so it is a minor movie because it creates cliché or cliché.
10,I can relate to all the situations and it was a good movie
10,
10,A movie that left a long lingering impression
10,Thanks to you, I became a good person
10,
10,
10,It's the best movie of my life, I'll have to take it out again next time.
10,Joo Dong Woo's movies are all good ㅠㅠ...
10,The movie that lingers in my mind when I watched it.
9,It's not Taiwan, but in China, this kind of sentiment...? I felt the development of Chinese movies while watching this movie Your first love may not come true, but you don't have to live in the memories alone
10,I don't have any thoughts. I think I'll be like that all day
10,It's a movie that reminds me of my first love in my 40s.I know the results are the same even if I go back to those days, but the movie that I miss at one side of my heart. Even if I watch it again, I only cry...
10,The director who portrayed life in that short period of time and the calm actress' expression are spreading like ink in my past.
10,It's my favorite movieMake sure to watch it. Watch it two, three timesIt's a sad and lingering movie
10,I wasn't interested in Chinese movies in the first place, but I'm going to look for movies with Joo Dong-woo in the future. a masterpiece
10,
10,
10,There's no need for words. the best movie
10,A movie that reminds me of my ex-lover while I watch it. The directing, story, and visual beauty are the best! The lines and letter scenes in the car are all teary.
10,I thought it would be boring to just watch the movie plot, so I put it off, and I watched it today, but I cried a lot at the end of the movie. In particular, when a man and a woman meet again by chance, but hear a man say he has a wife and a son, and the woman's eyes change, the two of them look at each other in the car and say, "We can't come true anymore." Tears, runny nose... And when my grandfather was writing a letter and I was reading a letter from him, I was in tears.
10,I hate China, but this movie was the best.
1,It's so boring and frustrating that I almost died watching it, but it's disgusting to make a forced impression with Dinkleddit. It's like a Chinese movie
10,
10,It's a heart-warming story where not only relationships but also relationships between father and son are mixed
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,It's such a good movie. I was going to watch it lightly while drinking alone, but I cried a lot. There's a long lingering impression.crying
10,Even though it didn't come true, their love will remain in their hearts forever
2,The downside of the NEXT FLEX original is not originality, but rather the weaving of proven stories that have been seen here and there. It's worth seeing, but nothing more impressive. In fact, I dropped out of the car
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
8,Youth's love is so brilliant that its brilliance engulfs them.
8,It's fun. Dad, I'm touched.
10,Memories are the only things in the world that only you have. I'm sure you've forgotten the other person, but I'm sure you don't forget the memories When there is a meeting, there is a parting. Will I be able to smile more happily in my life, not missing you, but myself at that time and my happy smile at that time? That's what I ask myself
10,The movie of my life, the movie of my life
10,The more I watch this movie, the more I feel sad. The other person will never be able to see it again, but I hope he lives well somewhere
9,I don't think I'm forgetting you right now
10,The subway scene was the best ever.How was it that she couldn't easily get to the subway even though she was right in front of her?
10,I loved it so much that I watched it five times
10,That's cool. You can see China a long time ago
9,How are we all doing?
10,It's like true love when you can meet someone pure and without measuring anything. Will such a day come to me again? When we like each other so much that we don't need anything else and we're happy when we're together. No matter how much I have or how much I have, even if I don't have the ability, I think I only date people because I like them. It's such a realistic movie. I keep thinking about him. It wasn't a farewell that I regretted, but I think I think more as time goes by because I just like meeting when I am so innocent. This reality that I can't do it even if I want to go back and I don't have the confidence to keep in touch. And the last letter was so sad. It's been a while since I've seen a love movie. have a lingering impression
8,.. When I wasn't there, I thought of dating...The movie that made me yearn for more
10,It lingers a lot...ㅜㅜ
10,It lingers a lot.I remembered my twenties
10,I cried my eyes out. I cried so much that my head hurts. If you've experienced a breakup that you regret, you can't help but cry while watching it...
9,I recommend a movie where you can feel the affection and return of two clumsy young men and women.
10,Don't cross the river. I'm crying for the first time in years. A 31-year-old man. I couldn't tell you when I met the ugliest and most insecure person in my 20s. I'm so sorry
10,It's been a while since I've felt the same way. Thank you for making this movie
8,Fate is timing. Even if the time we spent together is long and deep, if the timing is not right, it will remain as a painful memory if you think of it
10,당신이 보고 싶어요.
10,The best movie ever...poke my heart with a needle...I support everyone's love not to live in black and white
10,
10,I don't feel the depth of this movie until I'm in my early 30s. It wasn't meant to be
10,The movie of my life that I want to watch it again
10,Those who have been separated from their loved ones cannot see without tears. Wait for the caption to go up.I was so touched.Tears
10,I cried my eyes out because I remembered my twentiesThank you for letting me travel down memory laneI won't forget.
8,"The malatang place in front of the school is gone now." It was in the ending credit... That chalk writing on the floor touched me the most. I had a lot of memories and time. The feeling that the place where the most beautiful memories of the two of us no longer exist...Is that how it feels to be an achromatic world because Ian missed Callie?
2,I turned it off 50 minutes after the movie started. I don't know why I recommend it.
10,The movie that I cried watching three times in a row. A movie that reminded me of those days. So... a movie that made him think for the first time in a long time.
10,a film that lingers in many ways
10,Every time I see it, it's
10,Love that has not been achieved, the height of its beauty
1,I almost died of frustration I couldn't relate ㅜㅜ Unfortunately, I don't like...
10,If you let me watch a movie that lingers in my mind, I'll watch it again. Two good actors are good at acting and showing the happy side of a lover. This is the first time I want to have a relationship like that. My life movie, especially my father's letter, makes me sad.°(?
10,a film that leaves much to be desired
1,Is it a score taken by Koreans?A rating of seven is appropriate.(1 point for rating adjustment)
10,My girlfriend is crying next to me... Are you thinking about another guy?
9,Realistic and loving story
10,I love you... It's been a long time since I cried a lot
6,
10,If there is an Eternal Sunshine in the U.S., China has us in the distant future, both of which are completely different types of movies, but I think they have something in common that reminds us how precious the person we are with now is.   This movie is so precious
10,This movie is full of sinsThe crime of making me cry. Please see...
10,The story unfolds as the female protagonist moves in and out of the present and the past, and the present is black and white in the early and mid-long part of the story, but the latter part is colored. If you look closely, you will know why and you can feel the details in that part. It is about love between men and women, but you can also see the love between Nam Joo and her father, or father and father. There's no such thing as eternity. The movie that made me realize that I need to feel precious while I'm here.
10,
10,You shouldn't skip it just because it's Jjangkae
10,I miss you. I know it's an irreversible time, but I miss you so much.It was a movie that reminded me of you from beginning to end. I miss you a lot. I thought I loved you without regret, but I still miss you. Thank you for letting me know love. I loved you.
10,The night I think of you a lot, the time I met you in a pure way, and the night I can think of good memories with you through the movie. Take care
10,After we broke up, I realized how much I loved you.
10,It's the best...Make sure to watch it...
10,Why didn't I know you were so precious then?
10,the best movie that is sentimental and sad
10,Since the original story is a novel, the story is solid and the actors' acting is good
10,Xiao Xiao is here. You are always my family.
10,It was so much fun. I cried while watching ㅠㅠ
10,
9,It was okay, but not as expected as my GPA. There is an old Hong Kong movie called "The Unsolicited Hot-blooded Boy." I recommend it if you haven't seen it yet.
4,You're squeezing it out. far-fetchedBut the actors' acting was good
1,China... The country I hate the most in the world...
10,I hope Xiao Xiao does well with us
10,My heart went numb, and I looked back on my youth ㅠ
10,Although I don't have a lot of ratings! You'll be lost in the aftertaste
10,I cried a lot. I hope a lot of people watch this movie
10,I've never seen such a sad movie in my life
10,I really enjoyed it ㅠㅠ I was so sad that I had tears and runny nose.
10,내 평생
10,I miss my first love days, which were pathetic but pure.Was it this level of Chinese movies?
10,ㅠㅠ It's so sad. It's a masterpiece
10,Even now, I miss you so much even though I am shabby.
10,
10,
10,The choice of the moment of love is our relationship in the distant future.
10,a movie that anyone can be comforted
10,The ending credit was really impressive. It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,I miss you.How are you doing? When we meet again, I want to say goodbye properly, shake hands, and thank you for knowing me once, and love you
10,I believed that the past would be glorified, but it changed my mind
10,Life, an irreversible arrangement of time for all. The sadness of the past, the desperation that can't be undone. The brilliant times and me. And we. The helplessness of youth that was forced to let go of tangled. It was painful and beautiful as much as every moment was desperate. Someone's diary peeked at. A movie that makes me feel the past while facing myself who is too old.
10,I'm sorry, Kelly
10,The last letter brings tears to my eyes. Will I be able to love my life with everything on the line like these people? a film that makes one think I recommend it. Watch the ending credit
10,I cried a lot while watching it for the second time. It's a masterpiece that I want to see again.
10,It was just... It was just good...
10,I wanted my tears to stop for a long time
10,Experienced people like the story of the movie can feel similar emotions in their own way, as experienced people can. Make sure to watch the ending credit. A film that dared break the prejudice against Chinese cinema.
10,The last credit is really touching...All relationships can't go well, but I'm sure you're living with those feelings.I think we need to do our best to love and live together
10,Why did I meet you. I don't want you to be happy. I mean it.
10,
10,A lot of thoughts come to mind.With tears and runny nose...
10,Really... It's a movie that impressed me. Crying and crying again. It's touching. I miss my dad
10,The movie that lingers so much... I guess it was my father who loved me until the end ㅜㅜ I shed tears ㅜㅜㅠ
10,I didn't know that my favorite movie was made in China. But it's a real masterpiece. I became a fan of Dong Woo
8,I want to hug you when I was full of qualifications, but I can't because I can't remember you looking at me restlessly on such an ugly day. So I don't know how great the value is, but I still miss the way my poor heart loved me.
10,I didn't expect anything.It became a life movie.
1,Expectations were too high (fooled by ratings...) and there was nothing to eat at the rumored feast.
10,It makes me think about what fate is. It's the best movie to act
10,It's fun. Two hours isn't boring
10,I'm sorry I couldn't love you so much then.
10,If the emotions of the female character and the male character are crazy, I think I should never let go of my lover's hand
10,Jenching and Xiao Xiao. It is worth it just to have such a beautiful and precious relationship. I hope your love will not be sad, but will always be a precious and sparkling memory. Hello, my very special you!
8,
10,I cried deeply from the moment the credit went up... Each one of us has a special memory. It's so heart-warming.
10,Bringing back the forgotten sensibility. My heart aches so much. It's so, so, so
10,It was the best Chinese movie I watched recently.
8,Cute, desperate, and touching...!
10,If a man can't find a woman, the world is achromatic
10,We in those days, which were overflowing with all kinds of colors, remember us in those days with a lot of IF left behind.
10,The best romance of my life. Korean romance is far away
10,Meaningful movie, bbb
10,The tired youth who had to endure Beijing. So the changed zenching. Xiao Xiao must have been frustrated by that zenching. The line, "Are you not going to say anything?" lingers in my heart
10,A movie that shows the preciousness of this moment.My heart aches because I can't go back.
10,It's like a fine-tooth combination. The female character is so cute and I like her chemistry. Towards the end, tears.   I strongly recommend it
10,Maybe the emptiness of having everything as time goes by is because we're not there that day
9,Movies that I think of every winter
10,Poor relationships created by poor people
10,The last scene... The music is good and the appearance of handwritten signs is touching.
10,
10,I lost track of time and watched it fondly. I watched it because I was so into it. I miss you My first love, Kim Young Dong
10,Why did you watch this movie after you got away from me?
10,I watched it once and it left a lingering impression, so I was even more moved Tears were falling out of sadness The mixed relationship between the two was so sad
10,The emotions and regrets that I've felt once in my life. After watching the movie, I reminisce about it again.
10,I cried a lot while looking at you prettily
10,There must be a moment that comes to mind when you watch a movie like this, right? I remember calling from the alley next to Cheonggyecheon.We didn't talk for hours. It was only 20 minutes. What was that?
10,There are a lot of people who watched it several times, but it hurts so much that I can't watch it twice
10,Dong Woo's acting is so good. It's a movie that reminds me of my childhood love life
10,Different cultures, same love, this moment...
10,
9,I felt sad because I thought I would have this experience at least once
9,The pain of not being able to do anything for the person you love. The pain of not being able to be with the person you love in a situation where you can give everything.  Nevertheless, I think it's because I really loved her.
10,I was sad because I missed that person, but I missed myself who was so pure at that time that I felt sad. Even after a few months, I couldn't get out of the movie and watched it when I remembered it It's sadder because there are a lot of scenes that I can relate to. I guess it's all the same when you love andcrying
10,I can't believe this word "I Miss You" was so touching.
10,I'm sorry... I'm sorry...Thank you...
10,I'm sad. I'm sad. It breaks my heart.I cried my eyes out because my loved ones broke up with me. The main actors acted so well.It was a movie that I got to know an actor named Jingbo.He's handsome, he acts well, and he's cool.
10,I'm reminded of the love I forgot!
8,The future of two people whose ideals were the same but different.Like the title of the movie, "The Childish but One Wanted, The One Wanted, The One Wanted, The One Wanted, The One Wanted, The One Wanted, The One Wanted, The One Who Thought of Us In the Future, Accepting That They Won't Eventually Be Us."I think the sad thing was the epilogue video that focused on my father
10,
10,These days, when you can't enjoy anything other than zombie movies or comedy movies, a movie recommended by an acquaintance.In the beginning, I was too busy watching on my phone, but I watched the movie again after a long time since I watched it from the beginning.A movie with a pretty deep lingering and beautiful memory and sadness.
1,Cheating on an affair... --
10,Even though I was innocent and childish in front of my brother, those feelings were precious and I was thankful for making me like that. And I was scared of that feeling. I'm stuck in a real wall. It's calculating.I'm so sorry to hurt you. Even though I did something wrong, he was worried that I would be cornered, and even in that situation, he was worried about me first. Why did you do that? He's such a weird person. So I miss and feel sad. But she's so precious and she's such a shining person. Thank you for making warm memories. This reminds me of many things.
10,The heartbreaking movie from start to finish is so sad that the end of love is so sad, but I was also so jealous that I met a good person who I wanted to spend my whole life with when I was at the bottom of my life.This kind of love must be true love
10,Crazy-Youngho... I still remember after a week... Please make sure everyone watched it
10,I'm sorry I met you at the most incompetent and humble timeLet's live well together.But my world is all black and white, please don't be late, I'll try not to be late, I love you
10,
10,A movie that I suddenly remembered and took out again. I watched it for the third time and cried all three times
10,I shouldn't have seen it. I'm sad
10,I saw it by chance and it reminds me a lot of things when I first met my husband. It's touching and sad. It lingers a lot.
10,Ian loves Kelly forever.
10,I want to pass by like that by accident.
10,The best movie of my life. A movie that has been rehashed more than ten times.
9,
10,I felt it after watching this movie.Don't think about anything else and be loyal to my wife next to me!When you get old and sick, your wife is the only one left
10,There was their love for their failure together failure. a film that leaves a strong impression
10,You have to be happy no matter what. Thank you so much. I still love you. I will always be
10,I'm sorry and he's having so much fun.
10,It's not just a love story, so it's not a common happy ending, so it's more lingering. I thought a happy ending was the best, but it wasn't.
8,Sometimes they conflict with Mars and Venus, but they endure each other because they don't want unfinished love.The letter from father and son is so touching.^&^
10,I'm so sad ㅠㅠ What are you going to do with the lingering emotions? Oh, is this real love.
9,I Miss You..It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece.I'm wiping away tears from my father's letter.It's obvious but not obvious. I really liked the video
10,If it weren't for my husband, I would have cried.I got in trouble because I was holding it in.
10,
10,
10,I watched it twice and cried a lot until the end of the movie, so I can't watch it three times. A pure love that can only be loved with love was beautiful and it was so sad to see that love end
10,I'm really happy because of you. I'm gonna miss my best friend and loved one
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,
10,While watching the movie, I realized how neglected I was to the person next to me. I'm glad I saw you before you missed it
10,To you who are sorry and thankful for the days that words can't express in words.
10,You have to see the ending credit! Double the emotion! Run to the person you're looking for right now!
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that makes my heart flutter and lingers in my mindcrying
10,I'm tearing up
10,It's a movie that touches the pure emotions of the 80s and 90s. It reminds me of all the times I loved purely.I strongly recommend it!
2,..?Um..?
10,I thought we could survive together, but the reality was more brutal than I thought, and I was the weakest and weakest... I'm sorry for giving you a hard time.
10,The stars in the sky and the pearls in the sea are always in and around me, and we wander from far away.
10,First meeting, accidental reunion, success of the main character, everything is unrealistic, but the process of starting and ending love is so realistic. Becoming a life movie
10,I'm still young, but the story really broke my heartㅠㅠ It was so nice because it was a realistic, beautiful, and unforgettable story for each other! It was great for me because I like the content of missing one person and keeping memories! I think I cried the whole timecrying
10,It's fun. I recommend itI recommend it to my friends too
10,
10,I want to see warm spring of Ian and Kelly. Besides the cold and painful winter,
10,The whole world turns achromatic
1,Oh... I enjoyed watching you when you were a boy, so I trusted Dong Woo and watched this, too. I like romance elements that permeate without mention, but I can't watch romance without mentioning it at all. There are a lot of parts where you squeeze out emotions and use probability as background music. If Joo Dong-woo's acting was too much this time, there are many things that I don't understand in my common sense that he uses his ex-girlfriend in his accommodation even though he is married. First love doesn't mean that movies are good. It was generally a frowning movie
10,
10,It's like sneaking a peek at a reunion with someone who was filled with regrets and lingering feelings that anyone who's ever been in love with will at least imagine
10,It's a lonely night.
10,I cried a lot when I watched it without thinkingㅠ
10,
8,It's a movie that you can't think of anything
10,I turned it on without thinking, but it's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,Even though we live in different places, our emotions are the same. A night when I feel like I can't sleep
10,
10,I hope you're not as happy as I am. I hope you're not as happy as I am
10,When I met you when I was pure, you colored me.You, whom I met when I was most humble, was my first love.
10,To them and to us, what home means.
10,
10,
10,I really like your wedding, it's a movie that flows in a similar way to your wedding, but it's a little bit more of a love movie.Between Sunday morning and lunch, there were often more movies to watch.
10,It's more touching because it's realistic and not flashy.
10,
10,The movie that makes me cry at the end of "Credits"...I thought it was a movie about love for men and women, but it was love for people
10,I missed you.
10,The achromatic expressions were all great and I cried a lot while watching it.I cried more because it was so realistic
10,How are you? I'm sorry I couldn't stay with you until the end when you were the most humble. I left the place and worked like I was running away because I couldn't stand the world without you.Even now, I still remember my name once a day. Then, my heart suddenly breaks down. If I watch this movie, I want you to see me overlap, just as I have seen you overlap. I still can't forget it. Please understand me.  I wish you happiness. - The person who still loves you for the past 9 years
10,I love acting of Joo Dong Woo. When I searched for Joo Dong Woo about 3 years ago, I watched this movie because we were floating in the distant future. It's my favorite movieFrom the beginning to the end, I think he drew a good picture of breaking up with someone, not a lover
10,I missed you.A movie I'll never forget
10,It's like reading a book
9,I don't remember seeing a Chinese movie that exquisitely connects the sensibilities of the times with the melodrama after the fairy tale of autumn. The movie seems to connect the genealogy that exquisitely connects the present of China with their melodrama. Of course, it's only possible because it's Joo Dong Woo
10,It's a masterpiece. Her acting skills are amazing. It's so touching
2,I'm too bored to let it slide. It's hard to watch until the end and there's no content. Ah, dogs and cows are really filming. In China... It's a country where it becomes a movie even if you make it
10,If you love someone, please watch it
10,It's dreary. But it was good to remember this movie.
10,A movie that makes one side of your heart ache
8,A deep love story that could be a little heavy. Common mistakes of men and patience of women in relationships. And what you know and what you get after you break up. It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,I have a lot of thoughts.
10,Everyone must have a longing person in their heart. Will the moments when we know each other so well that we can't hold each other to get through this reality together for so long remain a regret for us in the distant future?
9,What color am I living now?If it turns achromatic, it'll be sad.
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot It reminds me of the person I always have in the back of my mind...How are you? I thought we'd be together forever
10,
10,There's a very weak spoiler. Well, it was the longest movie I've seen recently. It was like an architectural introduction, a marriage story with La La Land, and a Jose tiger combined with fish. It's a very realistic story to be called a melodrama. When I saw the introduction of architecture, my first love came to mind, and when I saw La La Land, I realized why I only buried my first love deeply, and when I saw Jose, I realized how realistic parting was. And I realized how precious a beautiful breakup is by looking at the wedding story. In the distant future, we... The passionate love of the past is beautiful in itself, and it makes me realize that it has grown me up and made me here. It was the biggest strength for each other, but if we had achieved greater success after the breakup... Wasn't their love love? Was it meaningless? "If we were different then, would we be different now?"I was not ready for a breakup because of my love, but whenever I remember my clumsy love, I hope that the person who was with me during those days will remember me a little bit.
10,Make sure to watch it. I don't regret it
10,
10,
10,That Dong Woo is the ultimate movie king.I watched it thoughtlessly, and I kept thinking about it. I cried at the credit ending.
8,A movie that's more heartbreaking because it's expected to end in the middle
10,It's been a while since I felt sad The story is also story, but the actors' acting skills played a part.
10,I really love you a lot. No, I loved you.
10,Netflix recommendation Yeoju Dong Woo's acting is so good that I keep looking for it after watching "Hello, My Soulmate." After watching the movie, I keep picking my heart until the next day. I can't miss the ending credit. I didn't know there would be a yol service video.Touching again... ㅠㅠ I watched a movie that I want to watch again after a long time. I should watch it again quiet time
10,
9,After all, there is no if in our lives. There is only reality facing the past. The reality is that even love is not easy to wander between anxiety and stability. We had everything, but we lost each other. The result of the choice not to be hurt by degenerated love is endless longing. What makes you happier?a film that lingers for quite some time
10,I don't really watch movies that I've seen in my life, but I feel desperate every time I watch movies again and again
10,It's a movie that makes my heart sad and sentimental.
10,
10,
10,It was the movie I wanted to see, I wanted to findI missed the past a lot, but I was really touched. It's a memorable movie
10,
10,
10,I knew the reason why it was black and white, so I kept crying. It was so happy to love and so painful to love...When I think about that time, I miss even the pain.
10,I can't get enough of my favorite movies
10,
10,I miss you who made my youth shine
10,If you've ever loved or been doing something crazy, a movie with more to touch. I think it showed very realistic and emotion that can't be explained in words.
10,At first I thought it was a boring movie, but the more I watched it, the more I fell in love a never-before-seen Chinese film
10,I was bored, so I turned on any movie and played it without any expectation. I focused on it from beginning to end. It was so much fun and everything was perfect
1,A good movie with a seven-point range. It is a movie that was made to remind me of my first love and to force myself to cry. I loved it enough to love it, but I can't relate to it High score. I don't understand
10,It was so goodGood, good
10,It's a movie where you cry a bucket of tears because you think of someone crazy.
10,In the past, I dreamed that I could try that kind of love when I watched this kind of movie, but now I am afraid that I can't do that kind of love. It is literally a heartbreaking movie.
10,
10,I miss you. I miss you who loved me when I had nothing and didn't know anything.
10,I think it's a movie that lingers for a long timeBefore I lost my precious tooth, I felt a lot of things when I saw him say sorryI hope other people saw it, too
10,My favorite movie... Thank you Joo Dong Woo for breaking all prejudices when there was prejudice in Chinese movies
10,My heart sank when I saw it As I get older, I feel bitter that I couldn't have a creepy love, whether it was a happy ending or a sad ending.
10,I found the best movie among Chinese movies after "High-precision".In the beginning, it was awkward. Then, I saw myself crying.It hurts...
10,Actor Joo Dong Woo, video, and past thoughts... And tomorrow...
10,That was 13 years ago.When I was the poorest, coldest and most anxious...I'm sorry I didn't believe you until the end.I'm sorry I couldn't stay with you until the end.Wherever you are, whatever you do, I hope you're happy
10,The achromatic Xiao Xiao seems to have no regrets if I did my best to you, if I said something nice
10,
10,I was happy. I was...Looking back on the past, I may have been happier because of you. Thank you. I miss those moments so much and I regret it, but what can I do? It's already past time and there's no turning back.I'll keep it forever and please.I hope you and I have only good memories
10,My heart is choked upI didn't know then, but after a while ㅠㅠ Even when it's hard and difficult, love...
10,2007 Beijing, where I met you for the first time...After graduation, we promised to share our future in Shanghai, but we ended up breaking up and going back to our own lives, but sometimes I remember. Innocent and simple happiness... Me back then, you, us
10,
6,I'm very sentimental... It's not sad... I don't even remember my old love
10,After watching the movie, the emotions that come in are so heavy that I am not confident to handle it, so I don't have the courage to take it out often. a movie that makes you think a lot
10,Woo Hyun, I want to be next to you who I will love foreverIt's been 10 years and I feel like yesterday. I hope you can contact me after watching this
10,
10,Jose tiger and fish is one of the best movies in my life. I want to watch a movie that reminds me of cigarettes and I'm sorry.
10,It was the most heartbreaking movie in my life.
10,Baekyeon's acting is so good.What's the point of talking about Joo Dong Woo?cry over a movie for the first time in yearsLife that everyone has except each other. That emptiness, despondency, life is so cruel.
9,It's so sad.The main character is like the ugly me before
10,I didn't expect to feel this kind of emotion in Chinese movies. Actor, director, acting, video, story, message. The movie is a perfect six-beat movie. Above all, Joo Dong-woo's excellent acting skills are overwhelming.
10,When I feel guilty that I didn't love you because I can't cry after breaking up, even if my acquaintances like each other, I have to be a couple.When you have to meet someone, you have to meet someone. It's a movie that feels like I'm watching my heart. It wasn't a love that I missed all my life, but I sometimes thought about the sincerity you showed me. You and I, who are working hard to find each other's relationship through a broken relationship, are sure to be happy. I prayed for happiness and health after a long time.
10,How are you...?
10,I cried my eyes outThe past is my future energy
10,It reminds me of old memories of my youth and I can feel the warmth of my father.It's been a while since I've seen the ending credits.How are you doing with the movie?
10,This movie is crazy! I cried so much that I didn't even know if it wasn't Netflix.
10,Hasn't the person who gave you 1 point ever been in love?It's a movie that brings back the love of youth. Personally, I highly recommend it!
9,Taeyang, I was sorry to see you back then. If I had contacted you first, wouldn't we have broken up? Would I have been okay if you had picked me up the day I walked alone in the rain? And if we met now, would our story be different? I want to say thank you for making happy and pure moments that I can remember for the rest of my life. Thank you very much. We're gonna be fine
1,
10,I watched it on NAVER's movie recommendation list, but it became my favorite movie...A night of mixed thoughts.
10,I don't remember how many times I saw it. I cried my eyes out. Make sure to watch it.
10,I can't forget the moment when the achromatic present meets Kelly and Ian, making a true reconciliation, and turning into achromatic color.
10,Can I express my painful love more beautifully than this?
10,My father who came to meet me at the station said, "Xiao Xiao is here, too."
10,After watching it, I felt so sad that I stayed in that lingering feeling for more than a week... The best movie of my life that I can't watch even if I want to watch it again
10,
10,Love is timing. That's the perfect movie. I think it comes true when you meet good people at the right time.
10,It really touched me that Joo Dong-woo cried like a child in the car, and even I cried.
10,The background, beauty, music, and actors' acting are all crazy. It's a beautiful movie that made me feel my first love for the first time in a long time. Save one life movie
10,I just saw Neflix and it's really well madeThe colors for each location are amazingThe story, the connection, and the ending are great. I'm touched
10,A work that broke the prejudice against Chinese movies.A movie that lingers for a long time.Actor, acting, OST. It's a masterpiece that doesn't leave out
8,
10,(Crying)
1,I was deceived by the rating
10,Even the most frustrating feeling...I saw it well.
10,A movie that wasn't boring at all
7,I was sad that I couldn't see it while concentrating. I couldn't concentrate properly, but I could tell it was a good movie enough. Next time, I'll focus and watch it again.
10,I like you so much that I don't want to be a lover I'm so afraid of the end of someday that I want to remain a friend next to you for the rest of my life, but can I see you love someone else?
10,
10,Every time I see it, it stings...
10,It's a movie that tells you that there's a beautiful love even if we don't end together
10,First love is not a person you met for the first time or a person you've met for a long time. I was the happiest and hurt that much. And I saw the phrase, "I'm a person who has a lot of regrets when I'm not good at it." I think it's a perfect word for this movie
10,My heart is numb... ㅠ
10,I saw a good movie after a long time.
10,It's sad. The ending song is good, too.Watch the movie till the end
9,
10,It's a collection of wise sayings.People in their 40s...You all cried while watching it? I don't have any tears left to shed.Every word of the moment determines fate.If you like young people, try to hold them until the end and don't regret them later.Meet a lot of people and love them.He's not the one.It's not common to meet people who are excited all their lives.Bye, Jjaijjian
10,It's a drama that really lingers.Make sure to watch it ^^
10,Was it all timing or lack of will, or was it both predestined fate?
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,I'm watching everything that Dong Woo comes out on right now, and this actor is so charming.  This calm yet lingering movie... I get into it and watch it. You're acting like I'm going through it.crying
10,I was so sad at the end. Dong Woo is so charming
10,I can't fall asleep easily because the past time is played with the movie. I missed you and thank you.
10,The movie I watched until the captions went up
10,The first movie I want to watch several times
10,
8,You have to watch it till the end. I thought, "You saw this movie!"
6,a warm but unsympathetic emotion
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot.
10,
10,
10,A movie that made me feel that I should express my gratitude and love for the people around me. It makes me think a lot.
10,
10,I met you in my memory
6,Before it turns achromatic, for us in the distant future,
10,I cried my eyes out after watching the movie. My wife was crying next to me. ㅜㅜ I think you're crying thinking about someone else, but it's just me, right? @.@
10,I didn't know it would be this good. A movie that you must watch in your life. It's my first time crying while watching a movie ㅜㅜ 진짜 Please watch the movie of your life.ㅜㅜ
10,You're the biggest regret I've ever had
10,I haven't really loved someone with my whole heart because I was young, but after watching this movie, I felt that I should cherish each and every relationship that touches me. Video, beauty, story, and directing were all great. A movie that fits well in winter
10,
10,I don't usually have a movie rating ㅠㅠㅠLook at the lingering emotions.
1,Wuhan pneumonia
10,Ian loves Kelly forever.
10,The letter that my father left to Xiao Xiao is the most memorable. The father's deep affection for Xiao Xiao more than his son. I'm choked to hear you come back anytime.
10,It's my first time watching a Chinese movie
9,Directing, acting, story, visual beauty, OST were all good. Joo Dong-woo and Jung Baek-yeon acted as if they were really possessed and made us feel a sense of solidarity similar to our past. I was expecting a twist, but he ended it so coolly.
10,
10,A movie that makes me cry...
10,Video, screenplay, story, acting, and OST are all perfect movies. Tears welled up
10,Splash into Xiao Xiao's charm.
10,Why did I shed so many tears throughout the movie? Why can't I fall asleep easily and look back at the contents of the movie one by one.
10,I watched it without much thought and cried. I'm hoping that the person you loved will live well in the future
10,At that time, I thought the love was natural because I was next to me, but I realize it only after I lose it.
1,I don't know why I have a high GPAㅠ
10,From the beginning, you put a heavy longing on top of it, and at the end, you take it out and leave a big impression in your heart. Every line from the actors hit me in the chest The movie that reminds me of my Ian and cried a lot. "Ian loves Kelly forever." When you meet Ian, tell him that Kelly loves Ian forever
8,It's a movie that reminds us of our past youth beyond the emotions of past lovers.I didn't have money, but I had a friend who would talk and laugh with me, and I felt like I could achieve all my unrealistic goals. I remember the moments when I was full of spirit. choked up young
10,Directed by... It was a movie that I wanted to watch, so I just turned it on casually, but I was sad and sad the whole time I watched it. It's such a good movie
9,Two things that must be told by me in the past, me in the present, me in the future. Say I'm sorry and I love you
10,It was all love...
8,Just because you broke up doesn't mean your love disappears. It's like I'm still alive in my heart, in that time forever, making me laugh all of a sudden.' Wouldn't it be a valuable love if you could make a smile with a faint picture after watching this movie?
10,I hope you are doing well :) I miss you.
10,Watch it till the end of the movie
10,Our love is a sin
8,A movie that makes you cry while thinking about your past relationship. It would be better to read a book.
10,
10,Is it God's consideration or examination to give the most precious person by your side during the hardest times?If it's a test, I'll have to push myself to the end to stay colored forever. I'll have to be brave and love you.
10,If Ian doesn't find Kelly after all, the whole world will be achromatic
1,What's wrong with the male lead, Hyun's wife?
10,It's heartbreaking that I can't go back because it was beautiful. So I miss you
10,Looking at the music video, I think there are a lot of edited scenes, so I hope the director's version comes out. I'd like it to be re-released in theaters. I hope to release OST in Korea. It's so sad that I can't download the collection because it's Netflix original ㅜㅜ Best movie ever!
8,I am sad. I am afraid that I will make the other person unhappy because of me
10,"My biggest regret is that I'm in your regret." In the OST "We," expressing the feelings between them in 'regret' rather than the word 'regret' seemed to be a very appropriate choice, and it made me feel more emotional
10,I had low expectations because there was no movie that I enjoyed watching Chinese Drumma movie, but I broke my expectations
10,Sadness ㅠㅠ I cry every time I see you. I'm sad about the ending and I hope Xiao Xiao is happy
10,If Ian doesn't meet Kelly, the whole world turns achromatic...
10,So, are they happy after all except for everything except each other?
9,My heart is full of pain and enthusiasm. That we were all someone's reason.
10,It's a movie that lingers for a long time! It became my life movie.
10,It's crazy. Just watch it. I turn it on before I go to sleep and cry.The acting and the video were especially good
10,A well-made trick that makes you cry over all the precious relationships in this world that are heartbreaking because they can't last forever
10,The actors and the OST are crazy...
10,Just thinking about it makes my heart numb and lingers in my mind
10,While watching the movie, I was so sad thinking about my lover that I cried when I saw my father's letter. "If you're tired, come back anytime."
10,I dropped my head after a long time and cried bitterly.  Even if it's just a past relationship, I want to say goodbye properly someday With that person, too.
10,"I miss you." "I missed you, too."I mean, I missed you."If you don't want to miss it, you have to hold on to it until the end. Love and love hard.
9,For the love that has not been achieved all over the world.
10,Dong Woo is the second axiom...He is a reliable actor.
10,He wanted a nest, not a house
10,While watching the movie, I look for myself from that time. Now I don't know if I remember it right or if I don't remember it because of other memories, but after the movie, my memory is bright again. I hope you are doing well
9,Joo Dong Woo? Joo Dong Woo!
4,Will you be able to relate to it more when you see it later on?
10,Everyone has an unforgettable love
10,The movie that makes you leave a rating for the first time is calm touching and lingering ㅠㅠ
10,It's so sad. I cried my eyes out.
7,I'm sure he's doing fine
9,The movie that reminds me of the ending of La La Land, the black and white directing was so good. Pure romance that was possible because it was that time, I feel like I went back to the time when I was in my early 20s, a good romance movie!
10,Raise your hand if you think of anyone while watching
9,
10,I recommend it when you want to watch it while resting without thinking.
10,It's such a realistic story that after watching the movie's ending credits, I can't express it in words, I feel sad, teary, and various emotions and thoughts naturally. I don't really watch Chinese movies, but I really recommend this one. The directing, story, acting, and singing were perfect. (Strictly)
10,I'll love Ian and Kelly forever
10,It's a movie that makes me feel hard. I won't be able to forget it.
10,Sadness. Tears.a heartbreak
10,Tears are falling down
10,I cried a lot because I remembered my boyfriend and I before I got married. Would we have been able to be together if we had met him at the age of meeting his husband?He and I are married and have children, but the night comes to mind. The one who's been really nice to me.I hope you live better than when you met me.
10,I love you. Why should we break up? Why should we break up?I don't understand it at all, but can you define the feeling of love in just a few words? Just as men and women are different, each makes the best choice for their own happiness Farewell makes me mature, but when I look back, it's only full of longing and regret. It'll be good if I know the answer. It's hard It's hard.
10,My heart aches.
10,I regret watching the movie.My heart aches until now, a year later
10,I chose a romance movie to feel excited, but I felt more emotions, and I chose to watch passionate love, but I experienced all the warm love in my daily life.
8,It's such a realistic way to express beautiful moments
10,It's good if relationships work out until the end, but it's hard not to disappoint each other.I can relate to this line from my fatherThe actors' facial expressions are very realistic and delicate.
10,La La Land in China. I could feel the unique sensibility and atmosphere of China well. Thank you.Thank you.
10,
9,
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It's lingering
10,I want to do my best not to leave any regrets
10,"Say sorry before you lose your precious tooth. "Say I love you before it's too late"
10,Dad, there are so many things I couldn't say.I'm sorry. I miss you so much My dad...
10,A movie that makes you think about love, life, and family and teaches you how precious it is
10,Tears... Look...
10,If there's no reason, just watch it
9,It's a movie that's good for healing because it has good visual beauty
10,My favorite movie. I have nothing more to say
8,I remembered the words of someone who lamented that I had already met such a good person
10,After watching the movie, their love is so pretty and sad.
8,
10,
10,A movie that makes my heart flutter... I watched a good movie after a long time!
10,a poignant film
10,
9,
10,It's still lingering. Why am I about to cry just thinking about it?
10,Even if you two can't be together, you're still my family. Xiao Xiao, eat well. If you're tired, come back anytime
5,I saw it, but... I'm not that...
10,
10,The most lingering movie I've ever seen
10,I cried for a long time even after the movie.
10,I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and I'm sorry again
10,
10,It's just... It's a movie that makes me tear up and fall.Although we were together with pure love, it seems that we miss precious things and only miss them as time goes by due to the reality that we cannot turn away from.And, talking about the missing and regretful emotions with a smile but tearful expression made me think that the wall of reality was too big, that it was very painful, that it was hard.I'm still very sad, but what will I feel after 10 or 20 years? I'm suddenly curious"Ian and Kelly miss each other, but with that longing folded in their hearts, they suddenly decided to open it up when they thought of each other."
9,If, if, if, if... a myriad of questions that
10,I've always loved you.It's a movie that I still remember. The male character, Handsome ㅠㅠ
10,Human connection is...I cried at the end.Relationship with parents... Relationship with the opposite sex...I remember my Korean teacher told me that life is +-0.
6,
10,
10,Why did I see this now?
10,
6,I couldn't really relate to it didn't
10,A movie that makes you feel what's heartbreaking
10,The movie of my life lingers in my mind.
10,In the distant future, about five years after we got married, I forgot my first love that came to mind every fallI was a little sad, but I realized that I'm getting old and that I'm becoming numb to everything in my daily life However, we should not forget the beauty of youth. Who said that age makes it easy to forget. Ah, I want to remember it again. That sadness, sadness, clumsyness, disappointment.Thank you, director It made me realize that I had such a beautiful time^^
10,I don't know the meaning of tears around my eyesWhy are tears flowing?!
10,Kelly loves Ian forever. If Kelly doesn't meet him, the world turns achromatic. I miss you. Tell him I'm sorry I missed you, Xiao Xiao. We're a family, come home anytime, it doesn't matter what you become, Xiao Xiao
10,At first, it seemed obvious, then suddenly I remembered the old days, sometimes I felt sad, then I ended up watching it so calmly, and then I ended up crying after the ending credits went up
10,All I can say is that you're crazy.
7,Yeoju is so cute. I can relate to the price of a house in Seoul
10,It's been a long time since I saw this movie and remembered it as if it were yesterday, so I guess I didn't forget that memory myself, but I suppressed it and hid it.
10,"If everything worked out as you wished?" "You'd have everything." "Except for each other."
10,
10,
10,It's only after I lose someone precious that I realize.Please cherish me when I'm next to you
10,"We'll both be fine."
10,I think a lot of emotions come and go while watching the movie
10,What is this Chinese movie that was made with pure ingredients while watching Korean movies decorated with elegant taste? Anything else? I can't get over it
10,
9,The running time feels a bit long, so it's a bit boring. Before it's too late, let's say sorry and I love you
9,A common but uncommon romance movie
8,I watched it calmly, but when the movie ended, I was shedding a lot of tears without realizing it
10,Each scene weighs heavily on my heart, and I feel overwhelmed with emotions, so I take a deep breath and watch it without realizing it It wasn't just about love. It was like a story about me living my life If this is not my life movie, what is my life movie?
10,
9,
9,Joo Dong Woo, Joo Dong Woo, Joo Dong Woo! Joo Dong Woo is an actor who has a very special talent for making others cry. I've never had this kind of love before, but it was imprinted on my memory.
10,I'm so sad that I can relate to it and my humble reality and end of the year emotions are mixed. Will love come to me again?
10,I can't be with you, but the fact that someone loves you all their life can comfort you a little bit from the pain and frustration of life       If you're sure you've met one love, don't miss it.I hope you don't miss it and live with regrets like me forever.The biggest regret of my life is that you are the one I regret."Ian loves Kelly forever"
10,A movie that reminds me of the past
10,Me back then and you, us now
10,When did I miss all the colors?
10,be moved to the end
10,I hate China because of COVID-19, but this movie is real
10,I liked the love between the two that shone when they were not there, and the letter written by Nam Joo's father to Xiao Xiao was the most heartbreaking.
10,Is it a bad feeling to wish Xiao Xiao well again?
10,The directing was so good Especially the achromatic production, I cried my eyes out.
7,Koreans who curse China like that but are moved by Chinese movies
10,The movie was so good. After watching it, it lingers in my mindlessly. The color and black-and-white visual beauty, the actors' delicate expressions of emotions, and the heart-throbbing OST were flawless.
10,A movie that brings back the meaning of love in life. The weekend is full of longing.
10,
10,I couldn't open my eyes for two days.
10,A movie that consumes a lot of emotion. It's pretty and numb, and after watching it, it leaves lingering feelings for a few days
10,I miss him so much that I won't be able to see him again for a long time.
10,
10,It's perfect.It's so nice. It's a movie where our lives are melted
6,A good movie that gives a glimpse of modern China
9,If you saw this, you'd be thinking the same thing as me. I guess you already knew that it was for me that you didn't try to reach me with all your might. That day, after a long time, I remembered us who had left it in the subway.
10,I just drop it without realizing it. What do I do with the emotion that Jen Ching's father gave me
10,I watched the movie because I heard that the actress' acting was good, but I sympathized with it.As I watched it, I was excited about the past and understood it even though it was a complicated and difficult feeling like our last. "Right, we were so happy and loved, but we can't meet again." It's right for us to end like that. It's a romantic melodrama genre, but it contains both friendship and family affection, so it felt like I was watching someone else's life.
10,Just look, just feel it.You just find out.
10,I think I lived hard every moment, but when I look back, I always regret it, and I remember being annoyed by my parents who were not good at using cell phones
10,It's heartbreaking, and it's still lingering. The lingering feeling...
10,I thought it was a similar sentimental melody, so I started watching it, but I was so moved that I blanked out. I hope you watch it.
10,I think it would be warm if anyone could put such a person deep in their heart and take out a particularly difficult day and reminisce.
10,
10,Ten-Tang-Tang-Tang: Shower-Shower is here too! It's the most memorable^^
10,
10,This is a movie
9,
8,
10,I want to watch this movie with my boyfriend, but I haven't dated him for this long and I've dated him for a long time, so I can't watch it because I think I'll fight if I watch the movie That's how much it reminds me of my ex-lover! ㅠㅠ I hope Yeoju is very happyㅠㅠ I can't stop feeling that way Do we protect a true relationship?Is it simply a true fate to be with the person next to you at the right time?
10,
10,
9,"Parting is a comma in my life!" Why is there reflection after breaking up?Jen Ching (Jung Baek-yeon) realizes something only after losing his most precious Xiao Xiao (Joo Dong-woo).I think it's a nice expression, but it's actually a very painful expression.Recently, Joo Dong-woo's performance, as well as her charm, has fallen in love with her.I watched three of her films and they were all interesting.The original title of this film is Spring Festival, Homecoming.Every year, two men and women who went down to their hometowns meet at the train station in 2007.Reunion on the plane after 10 years. In the meantime, the story of Jen Ching and Xiao Xiao unfolds with color and black and white film.It may belong to a romance movie, but it is a movie that has a message of growing up between two men and women and a family movie.In particular, when the narration of a letter left by Jen Ching's father to Xiao Xiao was developed in the ending scene, my heart sank.It is also a scene that makes you rethink the meaning of "family."Did this movie remind you of the father and son (Han Seok-gyu and Shin-gu) in "Christmas in August"? This is because the son who teaches how to operate the remote control overlaps.Why are men so bad at expressing themselves like that? After his father's death, Jen Ching recites that he is sorry for beating him up without telling him how to use the remote control step by step. I'm sorry I couldn't say a word of warm words while holding your hand, and I just pretended to listen to you when you gave me life advice. He says, "I love you with all my heart," in the air, what he wanted to say but couldn't.In the end, this movie tells you to say sorry before you lose your precious...Late? Say I love you...It was a whispering movie.
8,I was immersed in the actor's acting for a while...  It was nice to watch a movie where you could see me and you, who were young and shining, in the memory of meeting each other, lightly and deeply.
10,Love can be hard when life is hard.Heartbreaking movie.
10,A movie that makes my heart sink to the end credits. I started to watch it lightly, but my heart became heavy because I was wet with tears.
10,The best movie that lingers
8,The love of youth is like a mirage.
8,
9,We make love and part. If you didn't break up... I wonder if they're seeing each other well.
10,It's a Chinese version of La La Land. ㅠㅠ crying
10,Tears in my eyes...I'm sure he's doing well
2,I just want to skip Chinese moviesI don't know why it's ranked 10th. Is it because the number of Chinese people in Korea exceeds 1 million?
10,Actors' acting is the best...
10,A movie that is fascinated by Joo Dong-woo
10,Joo Dong Woo, who you can trust and watch.Even if you love with the most sincere heart during the hardest times, you can't go to the end...영화A movie that makes you think about your love for your lover and family.Your eyes will be swollen tomorrow ㅠㅠ
9,In the end, the problem is soaring real estate and concentration of population in the metropolitan area?! (This is why marriage and childbirth rates are bound to decrease.)
10,My heart was warmed by the sweet love story, and I had a sleepless night because my heart was so cold. My first love who forced me to let go of the reason to break up in the environment. But in the end, time passed and I knew. What was caused by our immaturity.
4,I don't think it's a fun movie compared to the rating. While watching, I think that China and Korea have the same sense of human emotions and the world. If the score was low, I would have given 8 points, but it's too high^^
10,Saturday, December 12, 2020, 2:22 a.m.Everything seems to be about timing.My Lee Eon and Jung Yong Jo. Always be healthy and always love you.Soojin is waiting for the first snow.
7,Let's be good when we have time.What's the point of regretting after breaking up?
10,It reminds me of you. Haha
10,I started watching the movie without much expectation and fell in love with the well-organized production. The main actors also acted so well and it was a movie that made my heart ache. The part that expresses the present and the past in black and white, respectively, was a directing that made me more immersed in the movie.It became one of my favorite movies. Make sure you make time to watch it!
10,
10,Joo Dong Woo's charm is his pure and bright smile, and on the contrary, his eyes are filled with deep sadness.
10,
10,I think this movie is really well made. I saw it without much expectation, but I used too much tissue because I was crying. It's getting sad and it leaves a lot of lingering.  The directing and acting were flawless. I think it would be good to watch it. Recommendation...
10,What a beautiful and painful movie.
10,Ian loved Callie forever.The two met again and the movie was colored.It is so sad and painful to think of the two people who will love each other forever.
8,
10,I held it in, but at the ending, it's a movie that collapses.
10,I didn't know this masterpiece. The aftermath is terrible.
10,Wept until 5 a.m
10,
10,
10,
10,If we had seen this movie when we were together, would we still be together now? I remembered you who always believed in me and supported me. It's a relief that I can sincerely congratulate you on your marriage and wish you happiness.
10,I hope you watch it.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Now that we're living in those days. It's a movie that only makes me cry, but that itself comforts me
9,It's like yesterday when I was happy. I didn't know I was happy. I have a lot of thoughts
10,I thought it was sloppy, but it echoed so loud.
10,I usually drink and watch a lot of sad melodrama, but I almost got tanned while watching this. If you've had a true first love, you're going to cry a bucket of tears.
10,It's been a long time since I watched a romance movie while sobbing like this. It's a masterpiece that you'll always think of when it gets cold!
10,Winter is special to me, the road that took her away, left each other's footprints in the snow, drew each other's future in the night sky, even the fear of the world disappeared with my breath, the first time I was kissed, the last time you gave me a chance, the last time I loved you, the most. I'm sorry I let go of that hand
10,I got 10 points because of my grandfather
2,It was a movie that I saw somewhere
10,
10,A day where I feel shabby because there's no one I can do everything with
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year It's still lingering
10,I felt that everything was great. I remember the moment when the achromatic screen looked for the color.
10,It's a masterpiece that really touches my heart.
10,
10,I miss you Maybe you'll think of me for a second while watching this movie, but you, who were once everything in the world, are now only faded photos in an old box
10,I'm sorry. How are you? We were so young back then.
10,I don't know why the line that says we're going to end up breaking up anyway...   A movie that reminds me of someone I'll never forget. Make sure to watch it
10,
10,I can't get rid of my lingering feelings.
10,Will you be fine without me?
7,It is a little boring because I am too focused on longing and regret. The unique development is that the present is black and white, and the past is a color screen. I'm sorry for the comparison, but I felt the atmosphere of precision and ended up.
10,The movie that goes into my fingers all my life is still lingering.
10,a fond decade, his and her story
10,It's just so sad...
10,I just turned it on without thinking and cried.If you miss someone, I want to recommend this movie. My dad is sad too. ㅠㅠ
10,
8,I feel suffocated
10,It's sad and touching
10,My heart feels numb.I cried after watching a movie after a long time
10,
10,
10,I watched the movie because you told me to watch it, but I think I know why you told me to watch it! It was fun to watch a movie after a few months!See you in America!
10,
10,I'm in my 40s, and I've finished my day, and I've been drinking a can of beer, and I can't believe it's about my youth.Tears fell without realizing it.I want many young friends to see it.
9,
10,If we break up, let's not see each other again
10,If we break up, let's not see each other again
10,
10,I liked you back then and me back then. I hope you're doing well.
10,
10,Are you doing well?
10,Please stop my tears ㅠㅠ흐Crying
10,It's crazy... I was going to sleep without thinking, but I watched it all and sobbed all night. Thank you for loving me ugly.
8,Nam Joo is bad... I like this movie better because of my father in the latter part. The heroine is cute. You look like someone.
10,It's a realistic love story that I can relate to.
9,Why is it you who has to show up and let me go when I am the most powerless and shabby, I feel sorry for hurting you because I am angry at my humble appearance.
10,Who cares if I succeed, you're not next to me.
10,A black-and-white movie that starts with love, stops by reality, and ends with memories.
10,It will be the best movie of my life!Every expression of the main characters touched my heart during the movie There were a lot of scenes that I could relate to. I think it's a masterpiece I cried so much.I hope you all watch it at least once!
10,Chou Dung-wee has a charming charm in a cut of crying and smiling. His ridiculously bright smile and deep sadness remind me of actor Kim Go-eun. I recommend it just for Zhou Dongwei.
10,Dong Woo is really... Ha...ㅠㅠ The feeling of being hit hard in the chest while watching without thinking... Ah...
10,I left you because of my greed and couldn't let go of you because of my greed, and after more than 2 years of unwanted long distance relationship, I ended up doing it as I wanted. I'm so sorry. I couldn't do it as much as you liked me. I'm so sorry. I cried a lot while watching this movie I want to pretend to be crazy and just contact them.I miss the smile and the hug you used to smile at me. You said that. You're right. Who likes me as much as you do? No one liked me as much as you did. Why didn't I know then? Why is my choice only regret?I'm sure you won't see me if I go back I hope you stay healthy and well Thank you for giving me happy memories for 4 years
10,I keep on looking for movies...
10,Ian loves Kelly forever.Jinah loves Junik forever...
10,It's the best movie of your life. I hope you watch it until the end.
10,I just watched my favorite movie five times in a month
4,Hi, I remember watching my soulmate quite well, so I watched the movie with Joo Dong Woo. It's a children's movie
10,Thank you. You made me mature. I'm sorry I wasn't nice to you then. We had jobs, money, and houses that we didn't have back then, but we don't have them anymore. I wish you happiness.
8,Love is Taaming.
10,
10,It's a relief that you can relate to the movie, but it's heartbreaking
9,Would you feel the same way after watching this movie?
10,Please watch it. It's just crazy. It's such a great movie.
10,I saw you when you were a boy because of Dong Woo. It's really lingering
10,Through this movie, it was time to look back on the past and the present The reality and misunderstanding that we love each other but can't help but break up.
10,It was a tearfully realistic movie, but it was a real reality that even accidental encounters were impossible in reality.If I could leave a word to just one person in the past, like the people in the ending credits, who would I tell?Ps.Make sure to watch the ending credits until the end. There are a lot of messages at the end.
10,How is he doing now?
10,The movie of my life...I can't stop crying crying
10,
10,
1,I'm surprised that Ahn Jae-wook's friend's song was originally sung in China
10,The movie that broke my heart that the prettiest youth of the two of them doesn't exist now
10,
10,It is a movie that is a lesson and an education that is a big standard for making life from beginning to end. I cried a lot because it made me feel many things. He told me what was right and what was right.It's a movie that made me look back on a lot of time... Thank you.
10,It's so touching. I cried when I was 38 ㅠ
10,It's my favorite movie. It's early in the morning.As if it's going to shine tomorrow
10,What am I going to do with this lingering feeling?I'm heartbroken.
10,I've been listening to my favorite movie OST for a long time
10,I wish I'd seen you earlier
10,I don't know how much I cried in silence at dawn when everyone was asleep. In the distant future, we had what we wanted, but we didn't
8,
10,A special but common occurrence for only two people in a one-time life.It's heartbreaking, but when I recall that moment in the distant future, my life was valuable because of him I think so
10,
10,Dad, I love you and I'm sorry
10,I used to watch the movie because I thought of the wheat or the chilies in October, but I think this movie will come to mind in winterThe love of the most unstable and ugly days of my life is digging through my heart Usually, the past time is black and white, but it was so nice that the current color that couldn't achieve their love was black and white It was a heart-breaking melo that made me cry after a long time JOO DONG WOO and JUNG YEON's acting was so good
10,It's touching at the ending credit It's a very good movie.
10,I was going to watch it without thinking, but I covered my mouth and cried
10,Actor Joo Dong Woo who you can trust and watch.It reminds me of your wedding.
10,"If Ian can't find Kelly, the whole world will be achromatic"
10,Ari's been living with memories. Stay healthy. Don't get sick
10,A good movie to watch when you miss your old love
10,
10,I have a manly style of movie that enjoys action thrillers rather than melodramatic movies, but I have been crying for two days after watching this
10,It's just a movie that reminds me of someone
10,
10,
10,Oh... I saw it better than I expected. It's a movie worth watching.
10,I'm watching it one more time.Movie that reminds me of my first love when I was young. Movie that reminds me of my parents.
10,I hope you watch a movie that really lingers
10,I could have done it, I should have done it, but I could have done it, but I think it's going to be a very long night because I remember the moments when I sat down.
10,If I were to define this love, I'd like to call it "Spotted Love
10,Dad, Carrie...Let's do well before we regret it
10,I'm sad, but I don't cry.
10,The first movie of my life
10,I don't feel sad at all, but I have aftereffects
10,
8,The first love that wasn't mature and the unconditional love of parents...I cried my eyes out at the end.Your parents' love... It's so touching crying
10,I watched it crying for two hours.Because I had an experience of breaking up with someone I loved and bumping into on the side of the road in the distant future.I was so sympathetic when I watched it. The ending is also very realistic.One of my favorite movies.
8,
10,
10,Youth and love in youth, and a centimeter's gap between urban settlement and dreams. It's that far in the future. At that time, everything was far away and far away. resembling our youth The content is calm, but the wavelength of your heart is short.
10,The movie that I pick as the best movie in my life movie.
3,There's nothing that I can relate to
10,I wish I had a lot of mixed feelings about how many cigarettes I smoked.
9,
10,
8,From the beginning until the man suddenly made the game, the story flow was very realistic and good, but it was a little too dramatic to change and squeeze the last move. j,I wish I could have just ended up with a lingering impression. Too bad. Grandpa's letter was a bit far-fetched. And lastly, writing back to my father. But from the beginning, it was really fun to watch the movie while only watching them.
10,My chest hurts like aching. Be nice when you're next to me, thank you for your relationship. There is no next time.
8,The reason why your first love doesn't come true, why you can't forget your first love
10,당신이 보고 싶습니다.
9,
9,I thought it was a simple love story, but it wasn'tI cried while reminiscing about the pastThe black and white color and the visual beauty were the best, too
10,How are you doing, movie season that I can't watch because I'm crying too much?
10,Just look. Please...Unconditionally
10,You're amazing. You're so good at acting and you're so into it
10,"I miss you". "I missed you, too". "I mean, I missed you"
9,To be honest, it was a movie that could see the ending even if you watched it halfway. And as the movie got closer to the ending, the main character was annoyed. At that time, it was a pity that the action alone changed like this, and the ending credit was so sad. I think I watched this movie with more focus on father-son relationship than relationship. It's a movie worth watching and a movie worth watching again later.
1,Yes, there are many ethnic Koreans in Korea
10,I got to know an actor named Joo Dong-woo. It's sad and exciting, and I think about the feelings of my first love again.
10,If only I could make memories with you like that
4,It's just a calm movie with an obvious story, but NAVER's rating is 9.58. It's not fun if you look forward to it and look forward to it. It's just a calm but predictable story
10,A story that becomes beautiful only when you break up, suffocated by familiarity
9,When we were in love, could we know who we are in the distant future? A movie that lingers a lot
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression. I think it expresses the memories of first love very realistically and sadly.
10,
10,It's gonna be a sleepless night
10,fine precision now in one's 20s and 30sYou were my youth.
10,
10,I'm sad that I've been feeling down to earth for a few days now and it's realistic and realistic
10,
10,It's great. I watched a heart-wrenching movie a long time.  It's like a lingering image of a glass castle a long time ago.
10,
10,I cried my eyes out after the breakup. Realistic production and the actors' performances full of energy are really impressive.
10,A movie that I want to watch for a long time. Love is not easy but I think it's hard and painful. I will remember it and show it to him in the future.
10,If Ian doesn't find Kelly, the world turns achromatic.
10,It was the best work I've ever seen in my life
10,I really recommend it...If the movie is not fun, I turn it off right away, but it feels like I'm attracted to the beginning.I thought it was just obvious, but the story is very realistic and there are a lot of elements that people in their 20s and 30s can relate to, so I could see it with a lot of empathy and immersion...I could see what I thought and felt, and I could experience indirectly what I didn't feel.I get immersed and empathized with each character in the movie, and I get emotional.It's a must to bring tissues next to me.I can feel a lot of emotions when I watch it alone at night. I think it was a movie where I could feel both joy, anger, and sorrow. A movie that I want to watch again when I'm in my 30s...ㅜㅜ Strongly recommended (It leaves a deep impression on me, so I don't have much to say about it) )
2,My chest hurts so much. You've made me cry so sadly that I've got my revenge on you.I shouldn't have watched it on a happy Friday night after work. How long has it been since I cried heartbroken, my God...I've been living emotionless, but it reminds me of my ex-boyfriend, parents, and family.
10,If that was the case...If you didn't do that then...What about our present?It makes me think a lot.
10,Wobbled between infidelity and reason.
10,"I wish time would stop." But time doesn't stop... It's a movie that made us realize that not only what we caught, but what we missed, is what we're going to achieve in the distant future.
10,I don't watch Chinese movies. This is a masterpiece
10,
10,I want to see it again when I get older.
10,
10,Painful and beautiful...
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that broke my heart. The moments that I couldn't express honestly while liking it passed by. What would it have been like if I expressed my true feelings then?
10,A movie that makes me want to go to China again. All the scenes were very Chinese. It made me feel various emotions while calmly portraying the character's narrative. Among them, the feeling of longing persists even after the movie is over. Thank you for the good movie.
10,The original use and them. The two people, who were closer than anyone else in the world, have a worse relationship than others. Is pain and growth proportional?
10,It's a movie about Dong Woo
10,Everything is perfect. Even after the movie is over, I can't get rid of the feeling the best movie in my life
8,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,
10,It feels like something hot is lumped in my heart. The feeling of meeting the prettiest woman when you are the most humble and the woman you want to spend the rest of your life with...I was so sad that the world where they reunited was expressed in achromatic color.ㅠㅠ A movie that I want to watch again and again later
9,
10,It's a day when I realize that I'm a precious person, and I realize that it wasn't meant to be. It's a day when I want to tell someone I miss them
10,If I watched this movie 10 years ago, I wouldn't have cried this much.
10,
10,Every moment, I think I know how a woman feels and how a man feels.I was just staring blankly watching
10,My heart is still... I shouldn't have seen him in the fall
10,Youth struggling to survive in a big city away from home.                A lover who leaves the person he or she loves the most because they are not good at each other.               A family made by heart, not by formality.                  It's an obvious ingredient, but it's a well-mixed holiday dish
10,Even though you were poor, you were pure, and you were truly in love
10,A movie that I want to watch again in 10 years
10,
10,Youth seems to be the most beautiful and bitter moment. My youth, which has passed a little, is a lump of regret, but there is still a lot of time left, so let's not regret it but leave it as a blooming memory.
10,It is both realistic and impressive, not unreasonable.
10,If you've ever been in love, you can't help but relate to it
10,
1,I need a parking space now rather than in the distant future with a parking ticket
10,I hope that time lasts forever. We will never come back
10,If Ian doesn't find Kelly, the whole world is achromatic. My heart also darkens when I see the two of them in achromatic colors.
10,The movie that made the two main characters cry more when they loved and were happy
10,It could have been an affair, but the heroine stopped.
10,Even now, when I read "I love Ian Kelly forever," there's something inexplicable about it
10,
10,It's so touching. It's a movie that makes me think a lot... Look twice. Look three times. The prejudice of Chinese movies is goneMy heart is so warm and bitter
10,
10,I'm crying now. The completeness is much higher than other Chinese movies and much higher than other Korean romance movies. It's a really good movie. I also remembered the days when I was purely in love, the days when I was dating my first love, the days when we were forced to be like this... I wonder how he lives now. I want to bury these memories as memories and tell that person to live well and be happy.
10,Reality has created a breakup, and after separation, even if reality changes, it cannot return to its original state
10,I just choose to watch it on Netflix, but I get more and more into it.It's realistic, but towards the end, my heart ached, and I watched it with tears in my eyesI recommend it
10,I'm sorry. I miss you
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,If I have to explain the word 'younghoon', I want to show this movie.
10,
10,I watched it without thinking. I never imagined it would be my life movie... It's beautiful, but it's realistic. I think that's why it lingers even more
10,Seeing you at dawn makes me cry and it lingers for a long time
4,It's about a married man who ran into a woman he loved before and spent a day with her, no matter how much he loved her for the rest of his life
10,It lingers in my mind. sentimental
10,
10,If you think of me after watching this movie, I'll be satisfied
1,Your daily life is rigged by the Communist Party
10,Why do the main characters keep crying even when they are happy?
8,Can you only look at the person without money and hope? Can you win the heart of a person if you have money and hope?
10,
10,당신이 보고 싶습니다.
10,
10,It's sad, I can relate to it, and I miss those days.a dreamy film
1,This is the highest rating for Korean movies
10,
10,It's better to see them again. I like their love
10,I was going to watch it calmly and go to sleep, but I burst into tears ㅠ
10,Be happy, sincerely. my departed lido
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,I wanted to have a rainbow together. I was more impatient and thirsty because he was not enough than you wanted. I just said it's okay with you now, but I couldn't hear you. I thought we couldn't comfort each other anymore and we broke up.In the future... I met the person you dreamed of becoming who I dreamed of, but will I meet you too late?Ian and Kelly finally met, so it won't be black and white anymore.
10,I watched it while sobbing. I can't forget it.
10,I've never written a comment like this before."If Ian fails to find Kelly, the world becomes achromatic." Contrary to the hot temperature of love in youth, reality is cold, and as a result, it leaves a deep and deep lingering feeling and desperation. The power of love was great, and the video expression was so fresh and good that it couldn't be achieved in the end. I love you
10,
10,I miss you. How are you?
8,It's a movie that reminds you back to the past
10,The heroine is so attractive. I couldn't take my eyes off it for a second. It's a heartbreaking realistic love
10,I miss you.  I mean, I missed you
10,I played it for killing time, but I think I kept crying since the middle of the movie. My eyes are swollen, so I need to calm down
10,When we broke up, I regretted it and told you to live well, but I don't know if you live well. I miss you Much
10,I cried my eyes out because of my father ㅠㅠ It's like the modern version of my favorite movie, "Chum-Mil-Mal". I cried my eyes out
1,I wasted my time watching without thinking.
10,I wanted to love beautifully, but I cried because it seemed like we were tired of the harsh reality. My father who was getting old and lonely was like our family.
10,A movie that reminds me of the past.From the acting skills of the main characters to the visual beauty that comes out everywhere...I didn't cry, but I was touched enough.It's a movie that reminds you of a person, whether it's a lover or a lover
1,The rating is too high, so I give you 1 point for adjustment
10,
10,Chinese version of La La Land with reality and sadness
10,It makes you sad but not sad
10,
10,When I saw Eternal Sunshine, my heart really hurt and I felt like it was tearing apart. I thought there would be no such movie again, but I was going to cry and break my heart again after watching this movie today. The complete opposite of life that goes with every moment's choice. It's scary and scary.
10,I was wondering what kind of feelings we would share in the distant future, but I regret it openly.I didn't know I could release a movie like this. It was pretty good I want to comment. I also want to have a meeting where I regret it deeply. I've never met him before
10,"Both of us will do well"
9,The emotions of the main characters become the same with the realistic acting and directing... If I dare to compare, it's like a movie, laptop, Chinese version... If you watch it at dawn, you'll cry...
10,
10,I should've just watched a comic movie. If it was a simple comic movie, I would have thought it was fun, but watching this movie makes me crazy.
10,If we didn't break up, if we didn't, would we be together in the distant future?If there wasn't...
10,The movie is completed by the expression of the video.The person next to me now can't be held once I leave, and the decisions that come at the moment make a difference in life. A man who didn't get on the subway, and Ian and Kelly, who knew they were now black and white and couldn't go back to the past, must bury each other in their hearts
10,I stared blankly for a long time
10,It's a movie that lingers for a long time. I think it's become my life movie
10,
10,Ian loves Callie forever
10,Just... watching it twice a year.
10,It was sad, warm, and painful all the time.
8,Namjoo looks like a Korean, so it feels awkward when she speaks Chinese. Why is youth so sad? I got emotional thinking about my 20s. I like the achromatic color
10,I saw it by chance I couldn't sleep at night ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that makes you feel numb
10,The story of a time when you could be more innocent because you had nothing more to lose. You didn't stay with me after all the hard work I've done for you.
10,
9,My heart aches. It makes me feel warm. I can feel the pain in the young people's life...
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,I think it's not a show-off, but a movie that showed practically Chinese people in Beijing. Even for me, who was a student in China, I realized the year 2007 so well and captured the emotions and atmosphere of the current period (even the atmosphere of Beijing and Guancun at that time). In China itself, moreover, I think I'm getting nostalgic. The performers' performances are so good that they are at their best. In particular, the heroine was so great. The director is Yoo Yak-young, who used to be a singer, but in fact, I trusted him because he was the director. Yoo Yak-young might say why the movie is so good, but I was so impressed by his song that I expected the way he expressed his emotions through the movie, but he made it so well. For those who have no understanding of China and no knowledge of the development of the Chinese industry, it will be a well-made sad love movie, and for those who know China, it will be more than eight points. I'm the best movie of the year. I posted a valuable tear mixed with emotion and lingering emotions for the first time in a long time.
8,
10,
10,I had a headache after watching the movie at the theater this afternoon, but I'm comforted by this movie.And I remembered the movie, "The Secret of Fine Arts."
10,My heart is pounding
1,I hope all the Chinese people will be nice ^^
10,
8,(Love, like a dream) And yet endlessly, things that can't be helped.
10,It was so sentimental and nice. It's still lingering.
1,I really don't like it
10,
10,I Miss You.A movie that reminds me of someone I missed.
10,I enjoyed watching it. I miss you
10,
8,This house draws all the tears from the ending credit
10,
10,It was a very relatable story. I think I felt emotional. I think it became my favorite movie.
10,My heart was warm because I watched a calm and sweet movie after a long time. I was a little sad about the black and white reality.
10,If you think of someone after watching this movie, that person is your first love
10,
10,A movie that strangely lingers like a love letter. I think I meet the most perfect person when I'm not perfect. What would it have been like if we met now that we've matured?
10,If you watch the ending credits, you'll be in tears. I've watched my favorite movie four times ㅠㅠ I couldn't forget my first love, so I cried and watched it 3 times later, and I finally forgot everything. I watched it with a light heart because I had a relationship similar to the last movie. ㅠㅠ It was the best. ㅠㅠ And the way I directed it was really
10,It's my favorite movie from today. I started watching it by chance to study Chinese and sleep, but I watched it from 12 p.m. to the end of the morning. I watched it all and cried when I slept! The best.
10,The more you watch it, the more new movie. A movie that shows the attractiveness of actors.
10,
10,
10,He thinks he only wants his father to succeed, but...My father doesn't. "As time goes by and you get older, it doesn't matter to parents who their children are with or succeeding.It's enough if your child lives as he wishes."A man thinks he's going to have everything now, if he succeeds and buys a big house, everything's going to be fine again, but..."I bought a house in Beijing as you wished. Isn't this love?You didn't know me from the start! Not at all, but I'm not who I used to be."
9,I think I found something missing
10,It's not a sad movie, but it makes me cry for no reason
10,My heart aches... It can't be a kite unless it's just the right?
10,I didn't expect much, but it was fun.
10,There's no need for words. 100 points! I have no choice but to be a fan of Dong Woo
10,Best ㅠㅠ Wordsless Movie..
10,I folded it in. I think the achromatic story will be about me and you soon. I'm tearing up
10,I wanted to see Jungkyung forest after a long time, so I couldn't find it on Netflix, so I happened to watch this movie, but I cried after watching a movie after a long time.ㅠ
10,
10,
10,I was watching it without thinking, and something rangThe last scene...I want to do it, too
10,I am able to meet my favorite movie again. At the end of the movie, I thought of Kim Yeon-woo's "I'm already thankful for you" song, so I read the reviews while listening to it, and I couldn't control my emotions. ㅠ
10,It's kind of like a lost star movie, and there's a calm lingering impression. I think black and white production is God's move
10,My time is still at a standstill on that day.I always think of you when I feel empty.I miss that season so much that day.
10,Thank you so much for staying with me. You were a little cranky and hot-tempered, but even that was cute and lovely to me. I remember the day we were supposed to break up, we cried while listening to music with earphones on one side at the park. Then we met again in the trap of lingering feelings, but soon realized that it was wrong. Rather, if we endured the difficulties and forgot about you when we first broke up, would the memories of the last of each other be less painful? When I heard your bitter cries again, my world collapsed and I couldn't stand up for more than I could imagine. Now you can calm down a little and write it down here in a little pathetic way. I don't think you'll see it, but... I loved you more than anyone else and I think I had a happier time than anyone else. Thank you. It's all thanks to you. I'm still heartbroken because we broke up while we still have feelings of love for each other, but I'll try to get back on my feet. Take care.
10,A movie that makes my heart sink.
10,
10,
10,
10,The last three minutes were a touching movie
10,
10,It's a movie that expresses youth well
10,I think this is the representative melodrama of China. A work that broke the prejudice against Chinese movies.
10,
9,
10,I miss you. I met you immaturely in 11 years since December of 2006 and now I want to meet you by chance and have a cup of coffee. Kim Eunjung... I miss you
10,
10,I started watching it without any expectations, but I felt more and more gloomy in the middle and cried my eyes out at the end. It was dawn when I couldn't fall asleep.
10,A more realistic La La Land narrative
10,Why does my heart keep hurting? I think it's the story of all of us who have experienced it in our youth I can't forget my father's acting. It was a really good movie.
10,I miss you, I mean, I missed you
10,I really enjoyed watching it. The video me OST story was all good. After this, it makes me think a lot and the movie that lingers is really good
10,
10,
10,The main characters in this movie are Jen Ching, Xiao Xiao, and Jen Ching's father.It's better to let go of the illusion that the person next to me will be together forever.For me and the other.
10,I was happy to see it a while ago and cried, but I couldn't remember the story, so I watched it again for 10 minutes, and I cried again. What kind of movie is this? I'll save it and watch it when I want to cry. A movie that you have to watch until the end of the credits.
10,
10,a bag of steamed bread for the eternal in the hearts of their rich men
10,As you wish, I live happily
10,Sanggeun, I miss you I'm crying right now What do I remain in your memory I miss the way I used to shine with your love Let's love in that time forever My first love was you Please think of me sometimes too
10,Those moments were too precious to forget the person who was next to me when I was the worst, so I need a lot of time to spend without regret.
10,Parents don't want their children to do well As long as you're healthy
10,It's my first time writing a rating and it's really the best. Just look
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,My favorite movie
10,I watched it without thinking. It's a touching masterpiece
10,
10,
10,The time I can't go back.
10,I thought it would be a common youth drama, a heartbreaking love story. That's what happened. It's obvious... You break up in love, you meet again, but someone's already married. But... I cried a lot when the ending credit went up in the cookie video. Everyone has that kind of love, that kind of person...
10,I watched it with tears and runny nose.Don't be fooled by the familiarity of movies that make people feel the importance of you
10,
10,In a world covered in achromatic colors, it's really like, "Hi." At the last moment, it takes so long to say that one word
10,I want to go back to when I saw you That's how much I want to cherish it that much
10,
10,Make sure you watch it until the end. I didn't know I'd be so sad watching a Chinese movie. My heart aches at the thought of my first love.
10,It was a movie with a stronger echo and lingering feeling than La La Land, 500 Days of Summer, and Eternal Sunshine. It's a masterpiece that reminds me of so many things that I can't control my tears. I strongly recommend it.
8,I don't really like Chinese movies, but I enjoyed watching them~Recommendation^^
10,My touching love story
10,Even if we meet again, they have everything but each other. Time that can't be undone. It was even more painful because it was realistic.
8,
10,Everyone has a season they can't throw away
6,There's a difference between dim and pathetic
10,A lingering impression that's deeper than La La La Land
10,I was just attracted to the title and cried until the end of the movie. A movie that made me think blankly for a long time even after the movie was over.
10,My favorite movie
9,
10,I enjoyed it I want to say I love you to the person next to me
10,It reminds me of past love. It's a movie that reminded me of myself who broke up after having a pure love. I'm so sad that I won't be able to get out for a while.
10,My heart ached and I cried constantly. I thought I forgot, but I realized that I was only asking.
9,Say sorry before you lose your precious tooth And say I love you before later
10,The directing and acting of both actors are excellent enough to say that it is the best Chinese movie I have ever seen. In fact, there were some boring parts until the beginning, so I stopped watching it, but when I watched it again with concentration... ㅠㅠ 진짜 I really hurt my nose in the middle of the night. The story, direction, and acting of the second half are all great.crying
10,
9,I feel sad and sad. My acting skills are amazing.
8,
10,a moving film / crying spring
10,The last letter from my father makes me cry. Looking at the ending credits, I calmed down...
10,I fell for it without realizing it.
10,Youth was like a long tunnel that was beautiful and hard, but it was a good time.
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now ㅠㅠ It's definitely the best movie I've seen recently
10,A movie that you'll feel the same way even if you watch it 10 years later
10,
10,It's a Chinese movie, so I watched it without much expectation, but I was moved by the stormy tears... I remember when I used to live in Beijing. It's a movie that made everyone realize that they have their own soulmate, even if they can't be together forever because of real problems
10,
10,북경 보고 싶다
10,I don't know why it's so sad to say that we're both going to be fine. Tears came to the adults' calm way of saying goodbye to each other, celebrating each other's future.
10,Life is a series of choices, and choices come with a responsibility of regret
10,It was regrettable that the reality made the two lose the innocence they had only seen each other rather than breaking up. There will be more people in reality than I thought who will be experiencing Jingchen's changing appearance and causes, and I think I've experienced the same emotion, so I couldn't stop crying throughout the whole time. "Three Times" is a great movie, but it's so hard to get immersed in it that you'll never see it again.
10,I'm gonna go see my parents tomorrow.
9,A movie that you won't regret/ Joo Dong Woo is the best
10,If it were you next to me and me next to you,
10,
10,I'm so sad that I couldn't watch it at the theater
10,The longing for past choices is buried.Hey, you're living missing, too, aren't you? Why did I do that? Why did I say that?But I hope you're doing well
8,I think there must be at least one person that comes to mind while watching this movie
10,The past is corrected in memory and easy to glorify, but on the other hand, it was good to recall and appreciate the nostalgic past. I hope you can be thankful for the present and live every moment
10,It is a very beautiful and painful movie. The acting, the lines, the story, and the direction are so cool. Joo Dong Woo, I love you
10,It was a calm and trivial story, but it was so sad It's still lingering계속I think I'll keep looking for itThe acting and directing were all the best
10,The most regrettable thing for a woman is that she met a man who couldn't wait at her most beautiful age, and the most regrettable thing for a man was that she was the most incompetent and wanted to protect her for the rest of her life
9,It was really good, but the ending credit is a bit of a flaw. It feels like a new wave. There are some flaws, but it can be seen with sufficient consideration. The actors acted well.
10,It's my favorite movie. A dreary movie ㅠㅠ
10,I heard it lingers, so I watched it. It's black ㅠㅠ
10,
10,It's one of the most memorable romantic movies
10,
10,I happened to see him, but he can't get out of it.
10,"In the movie, couples who broke up meet often, but we haven't met yet." I miss you...
10,Three years after we broke up... I remember you accidentally bumped into me on the street.She loved me so much. On the fourth finger on your left...There was a ring. I just couldn't help crying.It's been 10 years since I broke up with you. I'm still looking for traces of you everywhere in my life.After we broke up, I... I really wanted you to be happy.You're living so well. It is a movie that makes me miss it.I miss you...
10,The movie that lingers in my mind...
10,My life is...shadow
10,The bridge of my nose was cold the whole time I was watching...After the movie, the people who came out of the movie broke up and cried while watching the message to their ex-lover.  Everyone in the world feels the same way.
7,
10,Most of the movies where everything was perfect until the end of an actor's story, love ends like this is how love ends
10,It's not until it's over. It was a movie that made me think a lot.
10,
10,The best Chinese movie I've ever seen.
10,A movie that comes to mind when you watch it once. What if we didn't break up after Lin and Xiao Xiao reunite? The conversation we have while doing continues to linger in my head. A movie you want to watch again and again.
10,Even though it's been a week since I watched the movie, actor Joo Dong Woo's acting skills were already verified as my soulmate, so I watched it without any hesitation It reminded me of my youth more than I expected. I cried while crying
10,보고 싶어요~~
10,It's a movie that makes you feel sad and wishes for everyone's happiness
10,It's a heartbreaking movie
10,The love between two men and women was good, but... A movie that reminds me of my father's love
8,Xiao Xiao is here. Eating at home is the best
10,
1,It's made into a movie of imagination that abandoned probability and rationality.
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece My heart aches when I see it
10,Two interpretations of I miss you. It is interpreted differently depending on the situation and position
10,I saw the post on SNS and the comments were good, so I looked it up on Netflix, and I cried a lot until now after 2 a.m It became a movie of my life and I want to recommend it to my family and friends Throughout the movie, I fell in love with Joo Dong-woo's acting and the chemistry between the two actors felt lovelyㅠㅠ It is good to have a movie to watch again later
10,I remember the desperate days of you and me in my tears in my heart
8,It reminds me of a song called "Yu-Nak-Young..."A good movie!
10,
10,
10,All the movies were perfect, including the story, acting, and lines.
10,I finished sleeping today
10,With the most humble times, with the most precious person. And precious memories that cannot be undone. Tell Kelly I'm sorry
6,I think the reviews are really good. Personally, it feels like I added all these elements to the box office.I want to say that it's a Chinese version of La La Land
10,A movie that recalls the love of the past. a tear-jerker
10,
10,I love you. I want to say I love you. Thank you.
10,The afterglow spreads gently and finally digs deep. I want to recommend it to all the people I care about next to me.
10,I couldn't sleep, so I was thinking about what to watch on Netflix. I watched it for 10 minutes before, so I watched it again. That's so nice. ㅠㅠ Your acting is good and your directing is good.  It's almost 3am. It's not a waste of time
10,It seems that missing the person who shared the most difficult moment is something you will miss in your heart for the rest of your life.
10,It's not just a love story, it's a movie with a life lesson. Don't miss out on someone precious
10,
10,We're not in those days today.
10,
10,A movie that you want to cherish and watch again
10,A movie that reminds me of the person I miss the most
10,
10,
10,
9,당신이 보고 싶습니다.
10,I watched the movie without thinking, but it became my life movie.I'm feeling overwhelmed.It reminds me of the person who has been with me for a long time and loved me in my purest days.
10,How much would I have regretted if we hadn't met again when we broke up? The mere thought of it scares me. Thank you to us for enduring that time
10,A movie that pulls out tears and runny nose.I finally found my favorite movie.
9,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,It's good, it's...
10,"Love" is so different from the beginning, the middle, the end, and the end, but father's love is the same as the beginning...
10,
10,It was really good. It reminds me of my first love
10,This movie was so good. I feel sad even after watching it. Both actors and actresses are so good at acting.
10,Ian and Kelly love each other forever
10,I watched a movie that made me think a lot after a long time.It reminds me of my parents
10,If we hadn't broken up then, we would.
10,It was like us back in the day.
9,Movies based on such realistic relationships are usually... Most of them are predictable scenarios, so I think it's important to make it as empathetic as possible, but I think they made it work well!!! And... There are quite a few other movies and dramas that deal with relationships that have changed from girlfriend to girlfriend. Like a drama called "Fight for My Way"? Anyway, I think it worked out well, not dramatically over-reacting and seriously. [[He may have set it up as a poor situation] And "Jung Baek-yeon" has clear features, so it's definitely a mask that any woman would like, and actress Joo Dong-woo is so adorable and charming. It was a movie that I kept falling for. I have to look for other works.+ [P.S] The relationship between the father and the male protagonist was rather touching, and it was a factor that made me cry for no reason. Home. Parents. Home. Future. I didn't want to miss anything, so it's a realistic melodrama!
10,Thank you and I'm sorry and I loved you
10,Things you know after you break up
10,If we break up, let's not see each other again, or even if we break up, I have to make sure that you are doing well. How did we feel in the past?
10,I chose to watch a movie on a rainy day, but can you make me cry so heartily? I guess the love between a man and a woman is different but they love each other like this much It's lingering for a long time. The sound of rain is sad, too
8,From Xiao Xiao's perspective, it's a movie that can't help but cry. Joo Dong Woo is so good at acting that Xiao Xiao's character is very three-dimensional. The actor who plays the father is also heavy. I can't stop crying after playing it lightly. If you want to cry, make sure to watch it
10,I can't go back, but I'm thankful that I can remember it
10,A warm gift to myself as I grow up.
10,What made us miss?
10,
10,Tell her I'm sorry...I personally liked it better than La La Land. : )
8,My youth was dazzling because of you! Thanks a lot! And I'm sorry.
10,I miss you, I missed you.
10,A man who can't catch a woman even if he wants to because he knows she'll have a hard time with her on the subway the day she broke up.
10,
10,
10,I miss you so much
10,
10,I was searching for a Taiwanese movie and I happened to see it, but I kept crying.The ink running time is long, but there is nothing to throw away, and both Joo Dong-woo and Jung Baek-yeon act really well ㅠㅠ
10,
10,
10,I'm so frustrated. What can I do now?
10,A movie that reminds you of your pure love life
10,Actor JOO DONG WOO
10,It was a story that was beautiful, sad, and drama-like, but very realistic. The word Ai Mishu rings in my ears.
10,Life is about timing.
10,It was so sad that the current time when the two reunited was expressed in black and white. It means they didn't come together.
10,Joo Dong Woo... It seems like he only appears in similar movies...As expected, Joo Dong Woo has no choice but to speak...Forever
10,It was an opportunity to think about Chinese movies again...
6,우리와 그들
10,It's an obvious melodrama genre, but if it was officially released at a melodrama theater, it would have changed the perception of Chinese movies
10,to become a movie of one's life
10,
10,Whoo... I agree. A movie that makes me cry because it resembles life.
9,I remember my first love when I was a child who was clumsy, clumsy, and inexperienced
10,What do you mean you cried all day? I only cried for half a day
10,"Ian loves Kelly forever"
9,From Namjoo's father's letter, I cried
10,Father, I love you
9,As expected, a movie that starts with Joo Dong Woo and ends with Joo Dong...Live well...
10,
10,I miss you. I missed you too. 不 我是? 我???아니No, I mean, I missed you. I'm sadder because the love between a man and a woman was so real
10,It's the best
10,Throughout the movie, old love came to mind. I missed the person who protected me next to me when I had no money but was pure. Are you doing okay? I hope you're doing well and happily. I'm sorry I didn't do well then.
10,
10,
8,I cried my eyes out at the last letter from my father.
10,You can't leave out directing, acting, and video. I think I've seen this movie more than 10 times. I think it's better that the movie didn't open. If you turn off all the lights in your room and watch it, it's like using a whole bottle of tissue. It's my first time writing a movie review. Please watch this moviecrying
10,The movie that made me know Joo Dong Woo and Jung Baek Yeon
10,I got a recommendation, so I watched it. I really registered my life work!!!
5,I watched it because you recommended it, and it's a movie I don't want to recommend.It's just an obvious Chinese-style movie.Take a look at "Fan ID" once.
3,I saw it with expectation with my wife's recommendation that all the ratings were so good. My wife felt sorry for me after seeing it all.It's one-dimensional, childish, and at the same time esoteric.  For those who have memories of the past of being sick because of love, it was a movie that could not be sympathized with ordinary people.
10,당신이 보고 싶어요.
10,I've never experienced the pain of love, but I'm just tearing up. My heart aches.
10,I want to meet you again and say hello before I get older and uglier.
10,be lonely...I had a lot of thoughts.
8,Ian loves Callie even though the whole world is achromatic
10,It was a movie that reminded me of my past relationship.
10,The movie was so good that I thought I should have saved it more.
10,It's a movie that makes you think about love that anyone would have experienced
10,A movie that I watched while crying. I felt like I was facing a world I didn't know yet, and on the other hand, I envied it because it was romantic, and I felt like I was watching a very realistic life story.
10,gb...
10,The movie that I watched without anticipation when I got emotional while watching the rain falling outside the window. My heart aches so much This is the first movie that lingers after a long time since Jungkyung Forest.
10,I thought it would be a moderately sad romance movie, but I cried while the two people, who have been together for all of their youth, broke up.
10,
8,It's sad to meet a good person when you're the ugliest and poorest person in your life. An actor named Joo Dong Woo has a strange charm
10,Then you, then me, then us
10,My life and... There were so many parts that I could see... It was a movie that comforted me. Really... comforting my life...It's so touching. It's amazing...The movie.
10,What will I be like 10 years from now? The current times that we can't be together are expressed in achromatic colors, so it's hard to say that love is timing and fate.
10,I thought of a melodrama with a calm happy ending, but it was a movie that was surprisingly realistic, sentimental, and very sad.
10,ㅜㅜ It reminds me of a long time ago
10,I couldn't help it. I feel lonely and sad.
10,You asked me to watch this movie. I watch a movie late after breaking up, but I can't watch it properly because of tears. Would our future be different if we realized your preciousness through the movie earlier? How are you doing? I went to Seongsu Cafe that I used to go with you a lot today, and I thought of you a lot. I miss you.
10,
10,He expressed the story of his first love very well.It's been a while since I last remembered her
10,I watched it without any expectations, but the reason why the movie that lingers for a long time was so realistic that it hurt my heart. My love back then, now that we're missing...It is a movie that will make my heart ache when I think of it even after a long time passes like a high-precision. I watched a really good movie after a long time.
10,It is a subject related to regret and regret in the process of love and separation that everyone experiences, so when you look back on the past, you can all relate to it.I can't say it's touching, it makes me think. It was so sad.I loved the unique direction of the actors' acting and the flow of time according to their flashbacks.
10,It's been a month since I watched it, but I can't stop thinking about it.
10,In the distant future, we
10,About love
10,It's the fourth movie that I happened to watch
10,A film that showed that love is more beautiful to regret
10,It's such a good movie.It leaves a deep impression.
8,The regret that comes afterwards, that's life!
10,Past times never come back, no matter how much I miss them. But you never know then. I didn't know we'd miss each other so much in the distant future.
10,Look, it's funny.
10,The actor Jung Baek-yeon acted really well and the directing was really touching, so it was a good movie
9,Only after I left did I realize you were the most precious.
9,It's a movie that reminds me of us back then.
10,It's a movie that reminds me of the love that's left in my heart.
10,How are you? But I don't think I can go any further. Just take care of me
8,Dong-woo Joo seems to be very qualified for the modern Chinese Melo
10,
9,It's a movie that made me look back on meeting realistic reasons to understand the situation of both men and women. For the distant future without regrets, I look around myself now.
10,After watching this movie, I searched about Chinese Melo. shivering
9,I cried a lot. - I wondered if I had this memory. For young lovers today. - I wish you happiness
9,A movie with a good ending credit. I hope you can live a moment that you don't regret afterwards.
10,a film that evokes indescribable emotions
9,The longing is achromatic and bluish in the green days.
10,"Xiao Xiao is here, too."
10,a heart-rending movie
10,It's like a real movie but realistic movie. After watching it, I keep thinking about it.
10,It was a time that we could endure together. Poor hearts make us suffer more than hungry ships. Warm ramen, and steamed buns that you prepare every new year waiting for someone. I thought we were enduring a stiff reality while picturing us in the distant future, but in fact, we don't even know that we are waiting for every moment of those difficult times that we passed by. Us back then.
10,"Say sorry before you lose your precious tooth". "Say I love you before it's too late"
9,I miss you. Live well
10,If you watch it once, it's a movie where you keep crying. If you watch it's a movie
10,
10,The movie you recommended to me.Why did I watch this movie after I broke up.I don't think I'll ever.I remembered you bawling throughout the movie.Would we have been different if we hadn't?
10,
10,
10,The movie that made me know the actress Joo Dong-woo
10,a heart-rending film
10,I watched it without thinking and spent a night where I couldn't sleep without thinking.
10,If Ian doesn't find Kelly, the whole world will be achromatic
10,It's touching
9,I cried... I cried again
8,Meeting and breaking up like fate... What is love?
10,a film full of feelings I really like Joo Dong Woo's acting.
10,Ian loves Kelly forever
10,CHAEYOUNG who recommended this movie, thank you for letting me do a good job. I love you, CHAEYOUNG
10,Yeowoonppangppang, watch the ending credit until the end
