다크 나이트
1,Confrontation between two idiots delusional because of childhood trauma lol Protector and Destroyer of the system.Is Nolan's persona Batman or Joker?Since human existence itself is a contradiction, contradictions arise, and the constant douche of human beings with the opposite agreement to solve the contradiction never ends in the world.In order to eliminate contradictions and make the universe perfect, we must eliminate all humans, the absolute cause of all contradictions.A finite, stupid human being and system cannot capture my infinite genius.Rather than expressing my genius trapped in finiteness, I try to destroy finiteness.The answer is to eliminate both systems and humans.You have to burn clothes that don't fit.
1,I have a lot to say, but I don't know how to solve it. So it gets longer, but there's no nutritional value, so it gets boring.It's more of a documentary than a movie.
1,I've seen all of Nolan's works, but it's consistently boring. Dunkirk, Inception, Dark Knight Nolan's talents are divided by likes and dislikes
4,If you get rid of the hysterics...As expected, Batman is Batman 2
1,Why am I the only one who's not funny, the audience can't relate to the urgency and the production is cut off, and it's totally boring
6,There was a saying, "You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself come to the villa. You die as a hero, or you survive until you face yourself as a villain." It was impressive that Batman later set up a wiretap on his cell phone to catch a joker and eventually became a criminal. Also, it was impressive that people left Batman in this process. It was a pity that Batman and Joker pursued the same "world without Batman" but lived a different life. At the end, Gotham City said it needed a hero, but looking at the beliefs and beliefs of the people from the ship, do we really need a hero?The question arose that
5,Bored... I don't know why it's a masterpiece
1,핏불 사운드트랙도 없고 존 트레볼타는 포피콕을 348번 smh라고 하지도 않아
6,When you think of Yusaku Matsuda of Black Lane, Joker is just an extra
2,I watched it twice... What's the best? I watched it several times because I was sleepy in the second half.
2,I watched it with my father referring to the reviews and reviews here, and it's so boring. Not recommended.
6,Why don't you kill the Joker till the end? There is not enough justification for Batman to play the villain. The ultimate hero game for forced emotion.Forget the philosophy of the hero.I'm tired of playing fair. The death of a cheating year is not immersive. She's right. It's not a waste of money.The action is worth watching.
6,Why am I doing this? Everyone says Heath Ledger's joker is the best, but I prefer the joker played by Jack Nicholson
6,Compared to Tim Burton's work, the story is more complicated and the visual beauty is more sophisticated, but the story seems to have become somewhat cliché as it emphasizes an overly clear good and evil structure. In a word, a typical Hollywood style
2,A film that is nothing more than a b-rated crime action under the guise of Batman. Would it have been possible without the Heath Ledger death buff? Hans Zimmer's OST is 90 percent over. the unanswered endless praise of the unanswered when asked what was so great How can the hero genre act so poorly? A movie that Green Lantern will laugh about
2,
2,I was tired the whole time The weight-bearing batsman and...
2,This is ridiculous... This is a movie. Harvey's death cannot be prevented, Joker cannot be killed, and all kinds of weapons are not used when necessary, and he uses them strangely in useless places, and he has no structure. Nothing but Heath Ledger. What a waste of an actor named Christian Bale.
6,The Batman series is cliche and uninteresting, even if it is made by Surprised Zan Zanbi.
1,The most highly regarded film in the history of film, the most highly regarded director Nolan for his directing skills, Dark Knight, is a movie that would have become the worst OOO in the Batman series if it weren't for Hisser.
1,
1,Funny, funny, funny, funny
6,An overrated hero
1,No fun. No fun
5,Isn't it too much to not catch the school bus that destroyed the bank at first place? If you jump off the building and defend the entrance to the building during the penthouse Harvey sponsorship event, isn't that a joker? What doesn't anyone recognize Joker in uniform at the parade? a half-baked movie
1,Ten years ago I gave this movie 10 points.If a lot of other people watched the movie only, I would still be sticking to the perfect score.Worst trash movie ever to produce numerous copycat crimes.
2,An old hero, a hero who came out sloppy compared to a villain, Joker. Batman may be a failure
1,The worst Batman series ever
1,I can't believe a movie like this scored 10 points It was childish and boring all the time
1,I want to give you 11 points
1,It's the final version of the series, but coin tossing is cliché
1,It's a movie that Pyeongsik wrote, so 1 point
6,Why did I just do that? Especially after watching Joker, I watched it again, but it was worse.
6,It's only fun when Joker comes out. I didn't play the Joker, I played the perfect Joker
6,These helpless batsmen and cops... What is the difference from the many police officers in Korea who failed to beat only one Lee Chun-jae?
1,In the middle of the deployment, deterrence and irrationality
2,It's a surprise Ryan-style big bubble movie that audiences are saying it should look cool
4,My face is so gross that I almost threw up while eating
1,Sturman's Hero, a lame crime movie
5,It's a simple and childish story, but it's a movie where heroes like Spider-Man, Superman, Transformer, and others are fooled by the overpackaging of their lines like condiments and give 10 points
1,Dog Bubble Movie Surprised Movie Is About To Break Out
1,It's a movie that's not funny and has a long run. The only film I can't understand why there's so much praise and acclaim.
5,It's fun, but... It's boring...
4,The music is good, but the director of this movie is boring. The movie was originally boring Inception, and the cool kids will like it
6,Rather than Marvel hero movies, my preference
1,I don't like the action of the greatest bubble movie. I just threw a coin and it ended
2,I just don't know why this has a good rating.It's such a boring movie.
5,Interstellar, Inception, Dark Knight are all very difficult and boring. Those who look cool and show off their poo might like it
6,It's true that it's a movie that's too long and it's not a movie to watch twice
1,It's too foamy. It's not 1 point, but to adjust the score,
6,Joker is so good at acting
1,I don't know why I can't relate to Batman movies. Honestly, all the movies made by Nolan are not good. They are coated with aluminum stainless steel
1,I was bored and boring
1,I don't like 10 points, so I'll give you a discount
1,For rating adjustment 123456
6,Objectively speaking, it's a masterpieceBut I don't know why I can't really relate ㅠㅠ
5,Overpackaged movie in our country. It is a simple action movie that imitates adults wearing a childish mask, but there is no mysterious and mysterious element of SF, and there is no glamour of action that can catch the eye. A movie that people who enjoy the childishness of playing with Batman mask when they are young would like
3,It's so boring. I watched it at home, but I kept doing other things. The action and the story are so corny.
6,It's just frustrating.
1,This movie is completely unrealistic. Why can't the U.S. cop shoot a Joker while the car is on the run? And there must be a lot of kids in the U.S. who want to shoot and kill Joker and become heroes, but why aren't there?
6,As expected, I'm not compatible with heroes. All that's left is the genius villain, Heath Ledger
4,I heard so many times that Heath Ledger's acting was famous that I looked forward to it. The scene with Heath Ledger was very focused and expected what it would feel like. And then the movie ends. I don't like action movies, but I don't think this is right. I got 4 points.
1,I've seen all the movies, but I don't understand them.It was only good when the joker came out.
1,Hollywood's top five overrated movies. Godfather-The Lord of the Rings-Matrix-Leon-
6,It's sad that I can't see Heath Ledger anymore
1,It's all good, but the directing is really bad...
1,That's not funny. You're overreacting
1,It's not funny. I don't even know what you're talking about
5,It would have been better if we had killed Joker in the first place, and the story dragged from the middle to the middle of the definition. It would have been fun if Joker OOO had something fresh
3,The twist should be contextual.What's the unexpected twist?The audience needs to be fooled naturally.You can't fool the audience into making a scene.The message delivery...
1,I'm not lying about Inception. I was panting, but this is a bit...He's so good at actingOther than that, I think it's the worst. It's so boring. Whenever I hear the sound of Batman smoking 200 million cigarettes, it hurts my ears. It's really not that. I think I'm really looking forward to it.
1,I can't believe you made this OOO movie
1,From start to finish, it's grim and boring and Batman is incompetent.
1,그녀는 어디에 있니?
5,It is regrettable that if the two leading men are heroes who will like them, they should have enough appearance to be able to empathize.Joker's natural cliche of insanity and Saw concept are also somewhat clumsy. an over-dressed work that is intended to be more than the overall interior
1,Critics--- You've reached the level of God and art? The dog stuck up.
1,Let's go for 1 point!
1,Hehehehehehehehehehehe
1,I can't watch it because it's so childish. After robbing a bank, I saw him in Batman costume. You can just come out and fight. Why are you wearing a mask and dressing up? Joker's way of speaking is cringe-worthy. It's a movie made for kids. People who like this usually have a low mental age.
1,This is my desire to give 11 points. It's not 1 point. First place in my heart ^^*
1,It is boring and boring.
1,The least concentrated Joker movie of all time,
1,The worst Joker act ever
3,There's nothing to open, so you want me to pay for the cable t-shirt secretary I showed you when I'm bored? It's not that funny.  I've seen T-Secretary more than three times
1,This is written with the intention of giving 11 points, not 1 point.
1,It's normal. Looking forward to it
1,I can't believe you touched Rachel with a boyfriend. Bat... But I think it's very cool to use all the falsehoods and cherish human lives even if it's a bad person, but I adjust the rating because money OO is too much. It's just an 8.9-point movie. Of course, I'm saying that to me, but it's definitely a masterpiece.
1,Personally, the worst movie ever
6,Honestly, it was boring... There's nothing to see like Marvel
1,It's not fun. So no
1,The ratings are so high that it's not fun even if I watch it two or three times
1,I wonder what the number one score means
2,It came out in 2008 but why is it in the movie?--ㅡㅡ
1,Hmm... I don't know why it has a high rating ㅜㅜ 진짜 I looked forward to it because the rating was really high, but it was the most boring and boring movie I watched recently, ㅠㅠ
1,I think it's the best movie in the world
1,What's the difference since it was re-released?
1,Batman is so scaryㅠㅠㅠ
3,24267688345 was too long and I took a nap
1,Park Pyeongsik, you're cliche
1,I'm a fan of Heath Ledger. Don't try to rerun past masterpieces and stop monopolizing the latest movies.
1,The ambiguity of good and evil was dealt with first by the unforgivable, and the charismatic and unattractive Heath Ledger version of Joker is like a bully, and the tongue-in-cheeking performance was shown first by Midfve's T-bag and is better.The direction is not good, the action is not good, and the hero game is not realistic. It's just a movie for kids.Adults watch dramas
1,Re-release twice. It's over-release
1,How many people will go to Obada for the second time...--ㅡㅡ
1,It's not fun at all. Why is it spring? What a waste of money
2,Why are you coming out again?-,
1,I've been looking forward to praising you so much, but it's a claimenter-class fishing movie
1,Surprised bugs, man of steel, you know you're such a bad guy, you know, a DC movie producer is surprised?
6,It's dark, and the hero's too serious. He's gonna kill the jokers without hesitation, and he's not gonna kill the joker until the end
1,I give you a low rating as a part of it.It's being re-released, but if you haven't watched it yet, you must watch itHe's so unique among the heroes The atmosphere is dark and heavy, not colorful hero water. A masterpiece of all-time masterpieces that makes you gradually understand why Batman is the Dark Knight.It's MIDZYBONOL
5,I'm really sorry to the netizens who enjoyed "The Dark Night", but honestly, it's a very heavy movie for me
5,Rachel's cast, Evande? I expected it because of the good reviews, but it was a difficult movie for me. It was not a movie that I could enjoy comfortably
1,The worst Batman of all time...
1,a movie with a score of 100 out of 10
1,Why are you so sleepy?
1,So much fun, so much fun, so much fun
1,You kept biting and washing it, so I looked and it's just like that. The action is normal and the story is obvious.  a typical bubble movie
1,The worst Joker in history is the first Joker who is silent and showing off his poo without laughing. It's a long way from Jack Nicholson's Joker. Mark Hamill's joker is the real joker. In addition, in the movie itself, Joker appears as such a petty villain.
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
1,I heard this movie is really fun, but it's not fun at all Oh, I'm really dizzy. I evaporated for 2 hours. I should have played Overwatch for 2 hours at that time. ㅠㅠ
6,This would be perfect for people who like action, but for me, it's not my taste
1,Big Brother Wind is deeply rooted in more than 10 fractional Fausts
1,I think I watched the most boring movie after Interstellar 8 times
1,I am angry that DC is no longer making this masterpiece
1,I watched it at the movie theater. The story It's too dark.  My score is... I'll give you one point^^
1,No, no, no, you, you, you, you, you, you
1,I'm from the rating committee
1,I looked forward to it, but I didn't like it
1,Hi, hello, Named
1,Why So Serious, this is more to say to Joker and Nolan than anyone else. a childish movie
1,The movie is best illustrated by the extreme evaluation from the lack of knowledge due to the Korean people's cinematic bias.
1,Personally, it wasn't fun
2,I want to lower the rating
1,Personally, it's one of the Worst Top 3 movies of all time
6,Heath Ledger's Joker is creepy, but just an awkward blockbuster. Is Batman a hero? Is the main character right?
1,Yes, it's not fun!
3,The setting, acting, directing of the most unrealistic Joker in the most realistic Batman movie...Joker is portrayed not as a villain, but as a god who enables all kinds of crazy productions...The Death of Heath Ledger and the Curse of Ppong Nolan
1,Is that one reality thing that's ruining the original Batman action status, Mr. Surproud? If you've made the most of Batman's characteristics, you've got to make the action work, you clueless director
6,I saw everything, but I don't know the plot
1,an entertaining commercial film of heroism
1,- The heroine is really... - She's so distracting
1,-- It's childish and boring
1,I'm bored.It's like a documentary. Where did all the production costs go? The review written by a person named Internet Chamboong is correct.
1,If you want to give 10 points, it's up to you to give 1 point. Gotham would be better off if Joker was Batman. I'll live a good life with my grandfather, who's a dog like Joker.It's up to you to get hit by a bazooka for doing something bad and live and clean up your family line.
1,Yeah, it's not fun
1,Batman doesn't look like a hero, so he shows up so much that the movie might seem boring if you suddenly watch it, but he made a good character called Joker But the Batman character is an error
1,Well, I'm the best^^
1,More than 10 letters...
1,It's a cliche to throw a tie
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
3,Nolan is a true 8th grader in Hollywood
1,Joker's performance was impressive. That was all. The rating is so high that I have 1 point left.
1,flow(thef***) Park Pyeong-sik knows English better than you, so Adak ^^
1,Iron Man or Dark Knight, hero movies are not fun
1,This one point is not a boring one pointAnd Joker is the biggest villain after Macarov
1,I want to give 11 points instead of 1
1,Hero movies are always childish. Even if you jump from a building and fall to the ground, you won't die, so you give a rating of 1 point. Actually, it's 0 point, but 1 point is a waste
1,Honestly, really...A movie that I would never have watched without "Joker"...I only looked for the "Joker" part and watched it with full force.I was bored to death. It's a movie saved by Joker.Really...
1,It's reckless of you to challenge the Tim Burton/Jack Nicholson combination
1,a classic hero's
1,Go down. It's not your place
6,Finally, meet the strongest enemy!
6,I understand the flow, but I am a little dizzy because there are many difficult technical terms in the middle
1,Wow, seriously, I didn't think it was funny.Is it because I saw you at home? I'm really looking forward to it. I watched both of them in a row.I didn't want to waste this, so I forced myself to watch it, but I turned off Rise in the middle...It's just a rascal and Batman bickering.
1,Not as impressed by the Joker as his fame. I slept well
1,This movie reminds me of "a person who looks impeccable when he's working in the same team, but who wants to leave without looking back at the end of business hours, stifling, somewhat arrogant, grossly repulsive, and so to speak
5,I don't know if it's that funny.
1,I think it's a movie that has a lot of likes and dislikes. Personally, I think 6 to 7 points is just the right score. There are too many part-timers, so the score is high; so I give you one point.
6,The screen has become more colorful, but it's boring and meaningless! It's far worse than the first one.
2,I looked at it because of the rating. It's a shame that he's too weak for a hero.I think the rating is high because of the Joker ㅜㅜ For those who like the Batman series, I don't know, but for those who watch it because of the rating, it's Vichu
6,an overpacked flat hero
1,I was expecting a high score, but it wasn't as good as I thought. It was boring and unlikely
1,Since there's no 11 points, 1 point
1,I was surprised, so I looked forward to it, but... If it wasn't good enough, the story would be disappointing T
1,It was an interesting movie, but Joker died
1,No fun. My husband keeps asking me to see him
1,I felt that the coach's bluff was great throughout the movie.
1,Inception and this. Director Lee's is not funny Is it because the reviews are so good that I'm looking forward to it? And why is the movie that was not invited to the world's top three film festivals so popular in Korea?
1,a battle between two interested servants with psychopaths and heroism
1,Bat human interrogating a man dressed as a bat human clown at the end of his childhood laryngeal cancer, a police officer watching
1,The king has donkey ears
1,I thought a surprised director's movie would be fun
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
1,The main character, who was so calm even though Rachel, who was a childhood friend, was killed, is strange, and the two-face that obediently followed the Joker's words that made Rachel die is also strange. Gotham citizens, who once saved the city, believed what a third party said without a doubt and expressed their opposition, are also strange.
3,Ugh... Time's up
1,A score that makes you realize the importance of 1 vote. That's a good move
1,a psychopathic movie
1,The only thing I remember is Heath Ledger's acting. This kind of story can be made by children -_-
3,I can't believe a gang leader with tens of millions of dollars was exterminated by four sheep hachi in a shabby billiard room
2,It's not fun. It's boring. Two thanks to Heath Ledger
6,Heath Ledger is a good actor. Too bad
1,Not really, Batman 1 was a real trick. The Dark Knight Gotham City is too bright. Joker also shows less of a genius psycho than Jack Nicholson.
1,Rating. Too omnipotent. A movie with 8 points
1,It's so much fun. "Dark
5,Maybe it's because I don't like men, but it's not fun at all. Joker's tongue sticking out, Batman's voice was so annoying that it was a little annoying. The movie itself was just worth watching, but because of the two annoying things...
1,중I watched it when I was in middle school, but I fell asleep watching it in the theater because it was so boring
1,Among the movies I watched, I watched it boringly
1,Now you're using a lot of methods for rating part- Now they're leaving comments while opening up the opposite page. It's hard to even look behind the comments. Who are you looking at?
5,Rachel's dying. The popularity of the Batman series is due to attractive villains, not Batman. This movie ruined 1989's charming joker. I don't like it because it's similar to a regular villain. I messed up the two faces of Returns. You've ruined all the charming villains.
1,It's so boring. Then there should be something to eat with your eyes, but the action isn't good either
5,I don't know why this movie is so boring. The scale is good, but I can't get into it because of the heroine.  And Heath Ledger. I don't know if Heath Ledger's dead and he's giving me a higher opinion. Out of the Dark Knight series, I didn't like it the most
1,I picked the downside. 1. The heroine changed Begins Von Gayes are a chubby chirrup kid, two old ladies, who are less immersed in the play. 2. The first hour or so is too much of a movie. There's no case Chinese people are too immersed to endure an hour. 3. Yeoju and other men are not good enough to establish relationships
1,I'm going to take out the foam!
1,Personally, it was a very bad movie
1,It's a movie that damaged the original and the villain is a nerd. The original Joker has a girlfriend, but the Joker is a typical nerd. When I see it at school, the nerds always write "why so serious?" in the notebook. Be careful of these timid and nerdy kids become the joker of Darkna
1,Rating adjustment
4,It wasn't that much fun, maybe because I was expecting too much.
5,the peak of a complete bubble
1,A masterpiece aimed at the unlikable public Learn from Nolan how to hunt the majority of the best prey with no brains or sensibilities The movie is doomed if you play with Nolan
6,A movie with a lot of bubbles...It's the slowest of the three Batman series. Rise is the best. Next is Begins, and the last one is this.
1,It's not fun. Is this fun?
2,You can't see this. You have to get a bladder surgery
1,It's so good that I'm lowering the rating. The reason is that Dark Knight is so perfect that I raised my expectations for Dark Knight Rise so much. Of course, Rise is disappointed. If you haven't seen Batman yet, please watch it in Begins-Rise-Darkna order.
1,It's not fun. The rating of 7 is appropriate, so you have to get off
4,a foaming monster
1,The movie itself was impeccable, but I felt infinite disappointment watching Sandman break down.
1,A blind confrontation between good and evil that has gone to extremes, and a hackneyed hero and a weak citizen, an unattractive villain and an obsessive hero. Is the society where we stand together so easy? The film reaffirms the errors and limitations of American omnipotence
1,I can hear the ridicule of Jack Nicholson, the overrated Heath Ledger.
1,Are the OOs below really praise people who don't know how to watch movies? This is not the best movie, you fools who don't know how to watch it! You're pathetic. How can you rate a movie like this because it's so low? How can such a boring and sleepy movie be the best?!
1,It's a zero point movie. S B
5,I saw it on the opening day of the old theater! Heath Ledger's acting as a joker is a piece of cake, but not a masterpiece! The whole story was very boring, less than the first one! The work that made the bright hero disappear no more! And please stop broadcasting on cable! I'm sick of it!
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much...
1,the condition of being like a heroine
5,Begins is the best
1,Everyone's amazing. Honestly, it's not amazing. I thought I was going to die of sleep It was too loud and the content was not interesting
6,I don't know why it became famous. I think it's like being shut upIs this really fun? I don't know because I'm bored. Simple and funny thing is that Rise is fun, but what hero movie is like this? It's not that fun
6,Six points
6,What's with the female lead?I can't get into it...You don't have a pretty face, and your acting skills are bad.
5,It's a movie that I pay for and watch on Naver Dow Road, but the quality of the picture and sound are so bad. Maybe it's because it's on sale.Anyway, I'm a little upset.
4,It's just
1,It's a dirty trick that shows what real trash is
4,To be honest, he's a funny guy.  If others say it's funny, should I pretend to be funny?Who's going to be honest about the king?
6,The gloomy atmosphere seems to dampen the sense of urgency. It was just like that.
1,A common hero movie... The high evaluation is too much...
5,Don't force me to...
1,This is it. 8 points is enough
5,an absolute bubble
6,Good and evil are long gone. If you hurt me, it's evil...
1,He has a lot on his mind.The lesson that HITOMI shouldn't be a hero is... a hero like milk...
1,The reason I gave you 1 point is to take out the bubble, but there's no difference
6,Joker Santi Hoetchil, Harvey's exaggerated bone exposure, a monster that brought Batman down to a sweaty Ker
5,A series of boring battles between the almighty Joker and the voice-opening Batman, and two faces without individuality.
1,Nothing more. Nothing less
5,It's a great movie, but it's only a hero of [good and evil] so far.
6,Paradoxically, good and evil are too dichotomously distinguished.
6,I was disappointed because I was really looking forward to it.  Great acting, great composition. Poor content,
6,It's a masterpiece, but it's too bubbly and pretentious. This is the level of Koreans.
3,a film with only Heath Ledger acting
6,Is it because I am not interested in action movies? I don't think it was fun.
5,It's not fun to be childish and clumsy.
1,It smells bad
6,Corruption is easy, but society needs individual change that makes up society, not the power of anyone
1,The hero myth of a rich young man
5,An amazing movie that turned my expectations upside down. But it's corny.
1,Why is it so high?
6,Joker is acting so well.Personally, it's not my styleInching;
1,I should've ended up with Begins. Dark Knight is a piece of crap
1,A white knight kills a man because his girlfriend is dead. Batman is falsely accused again. OOO flag story
1,Bubble, bubble, bubble
1,It may have worked at the time, but it's too poor to look at now. The classic will remain a classic.
5,Without Joker, it's a dead body movie
5,I think it's because the reviews are good but it doesn't suit my taste...It's not that great
5,The ratings were good, so I looked at it and it was not my cup of tea except for acting
1,If it wasn't that fun...It's not my personal.
5,It's a serious, cruel, hideous, bizarre, horror movie.이게 How can this be 15 years old?
4,I don't... What's wrong with the rating?
6,I don't know why the reviews are so good.The content is obvious and the attractions and messages are normal.
4,It's a lot less fun than Tim Burton's Batman. It's got its own themes and lessons, but...
6,What if it weren't for Heath Ledger? Let's see...
6,Disappointing compared to Begins. Bale also covers his face too much. =(
1,It's such a boring movie.I saw you late, but... Why doesn't the Batman series change?
6,Is this a masterpiece? I didn't feel that at all. Honestly, it's boring and boring
3,I didn't think it was my cup of tea.What was it about?
5,It's so boring It's fun only when the joker comes out to see the end of the boredom
6,A cool movie. But it's kind of boring Surprised director doesn't even acknowledge that it's the best work
1,It's crazy
1,Why is this fun? It's 1 reggae
1,I don't know what's funny about this.I don't understand
6,I went to the movie theater to watch Batman, but why is he showing me the Dark Knight movie?
6,Children's movies
1,Philosophy, a OOO movie that stirs people up with consideration. It seems a little bit, but that's all
1,Philosophy is so popular because there are so many explosions
6,It's very boring...
4,It's a movie that wasn't fun for me. I wonder if you'll hear my part-time job -_-;
5,Frankly, the far-fetched delivery of the subject was childish.
1,a poor work overrated by the crowd's mentality of masterpieces
3,The hero's human agony was worse than Spider-Man's, and the citizens' demands for it were worse than Hancock's.
5,Why am I sleepy after watching three movies?
6,The plot was great, but the special effects felt like a development floor
1,The director is a genius. It's not easy to make it like this. Is this also a movie?
1,It wasn't as good as I expected
5,The visuals are okay, but the level is low. Disappointed.
5,There was nothing to eat at the famous party.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,Begins' lack of anguish...There's nothing too deified about Heath Ledger. Boredom.
1,I don't like it.
2,Maybe it's because she's a girl.I was just watching it in the movie theater.
5,Honestly, I don't like it. Other than the Joker acting, there was something lacking in action scenes and stories.
5,Let's try again!
1,There's a lot of Batman boys. They're boring, but they only get high ratings
1,Some,,,,,,,,,,,
5,I don't really understand the content.The action was good.
1,In a rotten society, separation is a good man, a hero, a sickening trash movie
5,Artistry? I don't know if it hurts my head. Honestly, it's not fun
6,The combination of the Joker and the Dark is fantastic, but the bubble has to burst
3,I applaud Heath Ledger Joker, but the movie is a cheap hero
1,It's so much fun that I'm going crazy...^^ : )
1,In the end, the level of the Korean people is only the level of this movie.
3,It's like watching a 150 minute trailer.
6,Somehow
6,It's kind of boring and a little bit incomprehensible, but the Joker acting is awesome
1,It's so much fun. Joker is the best!
1,I've been sick and tired of seeing you on OCN
6,The latter part is a bit disappointing
6,I think he tried to put a deep meaning into the movie, but the previous one is better.
1,Your rating is too generous. I'm asking for a rating down.
1,I went to the theater and I was so bored that I thought I was going to die.
6,A new series that lost the feeling of the original
1,I don't know why it's the best.It's not a movie, it's a cartoon with a bad doggy philosophy
1,It wasn't my cup of tea.I didn't think it was funny
1,a rubbish movie
1,I'm just gonna watch black and white people come out and shoot.
1,I hope you don't watch it if you watched it, not the acting story
6,Running time is too boring for me
1,I thought I was going to die because I trusted the ratings and watched it. I never saw a movie like this again because of the long running time
1,Zero points, this is real rubbish
6,The acting was good, but it wasn't very interesting. I think '89 is better.
1,It was trash itself. I slept an hour after the movie, but it didn't end, so I came out on the way
1,I was bored because I didn't know Batman dust.
1,It's really fun
1,It's a boring movie compared to the previous one.
1,It didn't meet my expectations. an elusive movie
3,There is nothing to eat at the famous party
2,Action heroes don't have a whole genre.
1,It wasn't the worst, but I thought the rating was too high
5,name value
3,OO GPA LOLHow can this movie be so calm because of Heath Ledger? LOL
1,It wasn't very good, it wasn't funny, and why is this a masterpiece?
5,I didn't watch it at the theater, but the story is boring I only saw the part where the Joker comes out
1,A really bubbly movie. Is there a movie that has a bigger bubble than this?
6,I slept for the first time after the movie.
1,Now! Since it's the new year, let's all go poo!
2,Ah, it was boring for me all the whole time I watched it was boring.
4,It's fun, it's fun, it's touching, it's romance, it's story. It's crazy
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
1,Lowering the GPA
6,I'm sure he's got great workmanship and acting skills. But Joker's short story has so many one-size-fits-all lines
1,Joker only;;; fine and rubbish;; the money is a waste of 5,000 won late at night
5,It's not the worst film, but the overrated film needs to be downplayed
5,Is this fun? I'm not really a part-timer, but my family cursed at me after watching this
1,Biggest underachiever with Avatar. This kind of movie needs to be eliminated quickly. All I can do is laugh.
1,I really fell for OOO movie rating --no fun at all fun
6,I was really looking forward to it, but it's not as good as I thought
1,Damn it, it's not funny
1,It's not funny
6,Well, it was fun -- it should be over by the time it'
1,Rating adjustment
5,I trusted the score and failed...This isn't fun. It feels like the story is going around.a half-baked movie
4,It was below my expectation.I was looking forward to it so much. Anyway, Timberton is much better.
4,I watched it because of the Joker. The story is endless
6,The rating is too high. I was just like that's all.While I was watching, I wasn't impressed.
1,Hmm... The rating is too high for other masterpieces. That's why I need to cut it.
3,The Joker came out so omnisciently omniscient that it became a completely shoddy cartoon.
5,It's not Batman and it's not too big apart from the original
1,A movie in which a good actor, Joker, discusses good with Batman
1,It's not funny
6,There was quite a bit of a lack of probability. Six points
1,Begins gets 10 points, Boogie Night gets 0 points, and the content of disappointment is mixed up.It's not part two.
1,Every scene is so boring
5,Ours is a good thing!
2,Netizen rating. I can'
4,Expert ratings are funny, but user ratings are also spectacular. It's just a pedantic Hollywood movie.
1,To be honest, the high rating is just bluffing.
1,The greatest bubble movie ever. The tremendous hype and bubble that Heath Ledger's death has produced
1,Lol, funny, I don't know about the quality of the work... It's sloppy
6,If you're just having fun, you're not going to get 9...
1,That was the least fun Batman's series.
1,I stopped watching it, but it's kind of high
1,A movie that was a waste of money after watching it at the theater... Not funny
1,It's higher than I thought
1,It's too high, so I give you 1 point to get off. I think 8 points is enough.
2,A very boring movie...
1,You said you shouldn't trust NAVER's ratings... I can't believe a movie like this is in the 9th grade
1,He pretends to be cool, but in the end, he's a childish blockbuster
6,There was nothing special
1,Honestly, it's not 9.2.
5,SoSo cereal, why?
1,Guys, I don't really do Batman with my hands
1,It's really boring
1,It's really bubbly. I didn't think it was that funny
1,It's not good, but Batman's voice is so low that I want to look cool
5,I watched it three times in the theater and it was boring I was wondering why it wasn't fun.I saw it. Phew
5,More than I expected...There are also times when running time is long and loose.Heath Ledger's one-man show...
1,I was fooled by the rating. Not this level
6,I'm bored
6,It's just that kind of movie. I didn't like the action either
1,We even did re-tang and samtang. Bale 10, Reza 10, Rachel - 20, worst actress selection.
1,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high for the movie. For rating management
