본 얼티메이텀
6,It's all good, but I can't concentrate on this series because I want to change the screen quickly to give a sense of urgency, and I want to give a sense of reality. I have a headache in the middle
6,I'm dizzy because I shook the camera even more. But considering the movie I made in 2007, I made it well
1,It's a two-hour movie, how does it all look like a bad guy, I'm going to spend two hours separating good guys and bad guys ^^ and I don't have a clue who to cheer for and what to cheer for. And really, every three seconds, I'll change the scene, shake the camera, and get motion sickness ^^
3,
6,On 12.03.23, I felt that I should not see such a movie in the future.
1,What's with this crap camera technique in the action scene? Are you kidding me? Story? You're saying something!What a waste of time!
1,Why are you shaking the camera so much? It's a giddy, pukey, doggy movie. I turned it off after 10 minutes because I couldn't stand it. The way it unfolds and the camera tries to look lively. It's the same.
1,Yes, I watched it until the middle, but I turned it off because I was so bored. I want to give you -50000 points for the movie is not rated properly on NAVER.  a five-point film
1,After watching this movie, I no longer have fun in other similar action movies. So I want to give you 1 point.
5,The New Horizons of Intelligence
6,Not as good as the previous series.  There are many ways to shake the screen too much during action, so it's dizzy to see it up close. It's worth watching without anticipation.
1,7 points? 8 points? I guess the main series doesn't suit me
2,Korean movies are the best when you watch them on MTV
3,I thought it was the latest movie.
4,It's not fun... Let's open it
4,That's not good. It's okay
5,Action movies that were common in the 20th century.
6,Well, it's not that funny, but it's boring
1,If I slept, it depends on the movie taste
6,Stay away from the screen and watch from behind. I feel dizzy and tired when I look at the camera from the front.
1,Is this the top spy movie? I guess I just don't fit in with intelligence. What are you shooting in the middle of the street? The main character always has a girl attached to him, breaks down the streets, and takes a monolids alone. Spy no fun is nothing more than time consuming.
1,U.S. imperialism out today.I think I'd like to see him
1,It's corny, boring and dizzy.
1,I'm sorry, but the movie is trash
6,It's based on the story. It has good action luck, but I threw up while watching it I wore a hand-held shot zone and shook my telephoto lens. You have to use the editing technique for two hours. Danny, you're too dizzy to let it slide
4,It may feel different depending on your taste, so it may feel exciting to others, but for me, the fast screen movement and the way the camera was being filmed were too messy. It's a pity that there was no memorable scene for 2 hours.
1,1 point for rating adjustment. It's an action thriller and it's just a normal hit. It's not that funny, it's not that boring. Low suction power
1,Honestly, the ratings are too high...
1,The Met Damon action is also very bad. You'd better focus on your character.
1,Did you make this a movie? Look at the suspect. He's got a toe-tooth-level
1,The previous one is so much fun
1,It wasn't fun. The previous one was so good
1,The score was too much
1,below expectations
6,Action is fun, but spy movies are not my style either.
1,This series is not my style
1,below expectations
1,bye bye
3,The CIA executive's office is clearly visible from the building across the street. That's patheticIt's pathetic
3,To be honest, this movie was not good, boring, and action was not real. I was looking forward to it, but I was disappointed
1,After watching this movie, I realized that I hated intelligence Sorry, Born
5,Overall, it was a quick development. , The Moroccan scene was 25 minutes... 1/6 of the total. Also, the development line has not changed compared to the previous one.
2,No, I had to watch it in that mood throughout the story that was so unyielding that I wondered why the movie that made me doubt my eyes was the best action movie. He has excellent directing skills
1,I don't think it's this bad
6,The best movie is a movie that I want to watch over and over again. This series does not.
6,Honestly, I'm a little... I was bored ㅠㅠ There's nothing like the first movie
4,a self-replication of a book or two Still cramming. Complement poor scenarios with camera work and cuts.
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,The action scene is over. It's boring. Why did I watch this? The rating is too high. 6 points
2,The ending is too lame for the final installment of the Bourne identity search series
2,He volunteered to kill someone and then asked me why I did this after I lost my memory
2,One was enough to watch Bourne's solo exhibition...
6,I've been tricked by the rating...It's not as fun as the average score
6,a sequel to a movie that does as much as one can
6,I heard it was fun, so I watched all the series.To be honest, it's nothing.
6,I'm not bored at all for nearly two hours.
5,I don't know how many years it's been since I saw this. Anyway, it was fun. Half a rating
2,The script is Tony Gilroy, a very talkative thriller.There is little action. Please understand my taste
1,It's a totally unrealistic story and camera work that's going crazy to hide it
1,I can't believe this kind of movie has 9 points. 8 points is enough
1,Honestly, it's not fun. I don't know why it's rated high. Bo was bored all the time.
1,If it's fun, Heart 2 is the greatest movie in human history
1,I don't think it's in the 9-point range. The camera is too distracting, and the action scene is not very impressive.
1,I personally don't like it. Action is good, but... Because of the stupid situations.
1,It feels like we're overdoing it with a story that doesn't work. It's just an action movie. There's no story.
6,Honestly, the first one was really boring, but the third one is a little better
2,I've never seen such an uncomfortable movie since "I Can't Go Back"
1,The worst movie ever.
1,Shut up and I feel sorry for Doug Raiman, the masterpiece. Garbage turns into a Hollywood spy movie
1,Honestly, compared to the first and second episodes, it was a bit forced and sloppy.
2,I was so sleepy. What it's really about ㅠㅠ
6,신비와 행동의 융합은 형편없다.
1,I can't believe such a crappy low-key is in the 9th grade. It's the same story as the previous one
1,Bourne's Find Identity series is over. The ending is really lame.
6,I like Supremacy more. I think 9.2 is too much
3,9.2 is too much.
4,It's the end of the series, but how could the ending be worse than that of the first episode?
1,Why is it 9 points?
4,It's just a noisy, camera-walking movie, and it doesn't make any sense
1,There's no action scene, but computer skills.It's shooting. It's talking on the phone
6,I'm a little sleepy...Maybe it's because I'm tired.I'll have to go back
5,Well, I still don't know if this series is fun.To be honest...
1,It's like you're robbing the CIA. Nonsense story, just action. Perfect B grade
4,The action wasn't bad, but... To be honest, I don't think it was a movie with 10 points.
5,The action wasn't as good as I expected. The heroine's beauty was also inferior to other action movies.
6,Not much better than other good films except that they have good action for Western movies.
5,The chase scene is a bit thrilling and the rest is empty... ...boring...
1,I was really disappointed in the movie and it was really boring.I really, really don't want to see it again
5,Discontent with Nicky's casting. If I cast Nicky again from the first episode ㅠㅠ
1,a film of unknown nationalityThe main character shot all over Europe, but the action scene was boring
1,Is this a pea pod for people-- I was so sleepy
1,Why is it so boring -- I've been tricked by your rating by shaking the camera so hard
5,The mystery of the original work has completely disappeared and action-plastered, and I'm looking forward to Bon IDENTITY 4
6,I don't like this
5,Is everyone's taste different? I dozed off while watching -_-;
1,It's the first time I've slept in a movie. I thought my eyes were rotting because the background was shaking like a post
6,I like Die Hard better!
6,Personally, it was very boring
6,Ultimate is enough for this series.
5,It's the worst series I've ever seen. Why is the rating so high? It's not funny
5,be not interested in anything
1,I fell asleep three times while watching. Don't be fooled by the ratings
3,The screen was so fast and shaky that it was hard to see
4,a hundred of the Bonn Or loach.
6,If you thought this movie was the best. He's just a well frog.
4,Matt's action acting is excellent, although it's a little lower than the second one. Some dark-toned screens are stained.
2,Less nervous than the first episode. The story, immersion, action
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,It's higher than the 1st and 2nd ones I enjoyed it more
4,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,not much
1,It's not fun
2,I couldn't feel 'exciting' these days, action movies are worse than classic action movies.
5,Honestly... For those who said this was fun and those who didn't watch the Die Hard series,
1,I looked at it because the rating was high, and it wasn't good
1,It's not a good movie for me
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
5,The youngest of the trilogy is nothing special, but the trilogy is a movie that I watched interestingly without falling behind
1,I don't know why people find the series interesting.
1,The movie I've been waiting for a week; the story of dog disappointment has a high rating, right?
1,It's a little bit of action, and it's not fun. It just ends with saying weird things
1,It wasn't as good as I thought
1,Good
6,From there to there...K
4,It's not that different It's really... It's
1,OOO flag
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It's not that...
4,I guess I've rated this series mania only. This isn't a nine-point score.
5,I'm giving you a preview of the next episode, so let's let it slide
6,I can't watch it because I feel dizzy.
1,Is this fun? It's a waste of one point
1,Is it because I'm really looking forward to it?K
1,Oh, being fooled... Be careful, everyone
4,I shouldn't have picked number 3
1,Let's stop the main series
5,The obvious story and the obvious action scene are boring.
6,Why is this the best?
2,It's a movie that hurts my eyes because of the camera that keeps shaking.
1,The main character is not that's not it
1,It's a relief that the series is over
1,Because it's not fun
1,Hallelujah, worship the Lord
5,The action is good, but...The story isn't that...It's always in action movies.Isn't it boring?
5,Was it because there were no Korean subtitles?
1,7-8 points is too high, not too much fun
5,좋아요.
1,I just wanted to do this.
6,Can I say that I'm a person? Wouldn't it be possible because it's a movie?
1,Oh, no need to say...
1,I watched and slept
3,Sweet people say it's fun, but I'm not fun. It's not my cup of tea
1,I just slept while watching...
3,It was boring
6,I liked the tense action, but...The emptiness is...
6,a peaking actionBut the last thing I can't agree with.Is it round 4 fishing?
3,I'm disappointed that there's little change in the story
1,It's an obvious story
1,I'm generous. 1 point
5,I don't like it
1,The content of the movie is crazy
5,It's not funny
1,If you don't watch the entire movie, it's not fun. It's so boring
4,I fell asleep while watching it
5,The action scene was good, but...It wasn't very interesting
1,It's not funny
6,I was looking forward to it, but it's so boring
5,I didn't have a lot of action scenes, but I strongly recommend it
1,That's too much. Don't make this series anymore. I'm tired of it
6,Matt Damon's action is cool, but what is the movie about?
5,What's interesting about this?But I hope it was worth watching...Was it not fun because I was a HUE girl?
5,Is it a movie with such a high rating?
1,I don't understand people who say it's funny.
6,Please make the fourth one too!
1,Totally boring
1,In conclusion, is it what you want? Wow...What a waste of money
5,It's not fun, it's boring, but it must have cost a lot of money
2,I saw it as a school picnic.It's not a theater...At the inn... All sleeping...2 points for 5 minutes
6,It is much more fun to see Lee Yeon-gul's Jungmu Moon.Don't look forward to it
6,The worst of the series. I made Superman, not an agent.
4,There's still tension over the previous episodes, but nothing new
5,There must be a lot of people who watch this movie and buy motorcycles and copy fashion
5,A clumsy brain battle, fast music that doesn't give a break, an obvious story.But I'm sure he has a high rating
4,I met my friends
5,The story is boring and boring.I only saw Matt Damon.Matt Damon is still handsome
6,If you haven't watched the first two episodes, it's hard to understand
1,Why do you delete my post? It's like this movie
6,A high expectation is a high disappointment.
5,an obvious storyline similar to the previous one;;;
5,To be honest, it was boring and uninspiring.I slept because I was sleepy -_-
1,?? I watched it because the ratings were so good. Is it fun?
1,Rubbish. It's a third-rate action movie to be honest.See for yourself--
2,-_-;; I was sleepy. I watched it with high expectations, but I don't like action movies
5,To be honest, I don't know why this is so high. Is it really fun?
1,Don't look, don't look -_-;;
5,Is it another die hard?  How many episodes will it be?
6,To be honest, it was just...
1,Why is everyone saying it's fun? I slept. I'm not kidding. I really slept
5,One on one fight is the best
1,Matt Damon's poo pose is...
1,I laughed a lot because I didn't know what to say
4,I feel like I've seen this before. a tense sit-down Let's not believe in ratings
3,It's not an actor action, but a camera man's flashy action.A movie that came out while watching it
1,It's not funny.a trash movie
4,Oh, my God. It's the first time I've ever fallen asleep before a movie. What was boring?
6,It's so boring
1,I don't really...
1,Jason Bourne said, "The assassination of the president is a piece of cake.
1,That's not fun.
3,Why is this so high? I really don't sleep in the movie, but I fell asleep! ㅠ.ㅠ
1,I don't like you either. Go back
1,This movie looks fun because all the movies that were released are not fun.It's just loud
3,Only the screen is messy.It could've been a good action.TZUYU
5,Ah... I slept in the middle of ㅠㅠ
5,While watching the movie, I knew that my ears hurt because of the sound of gunfire
6,Isn't the rating too high? It was fun, but it was kind of boring
6,Surprised by the rating. I was so bored - the story is just a flashy screen lol
1,I slept, too. I know you won't get caught.The Almighty...K
5,Well, it wasn't bad;;LOL
5,Nervous and loud... I don't like this kind of action
3,Camera is shaking too much. Motion sickness, sound is so loud that it hurts my ears. For viewing in the early 20s
5,It's too much. I'm better than a movie in the theater.--it's sloppy
1,I was going to watch another movie, but I forced myself to watch it ㅜㅜ
1,I slept
4,If you don't watch the whole movie, you don't understand. I think it's because I watched it when I was sleeping
4,I dozed off and woke up at the sound of a gun--
5,I was embarrassed because I yawned;;
1,Is the director's hand shaking? My eyes hurt, I feel sleepy, and I'm looking forward to it.--ㅡㅡ
3,Are they part-timers? I almost fell asleep while watching it, but the person I watched with almost fell asleep...
1,Let's not be fooled by maniacs. 007 was much more fun Look at 007
6,I'm comparing this to a dog wolf. I liked the American cheeky finish
1,8.5 points. The movie cut time was short, so you made good use of the sense of urgency.
1,It is my first time to sleep while watching OOO movie.
3,The same nervousness that repeats--I wasn't going to sleep watching it, but he was sleeping.
1,People who say this is funny are weird. It's really just following the example.
5,Repeat the first and second episodes, no more, no less, the same scene
6,Why am I not funny? Because I didn't watch episode 1.2-_T
2,I dozed off at the theater for the first time today.
5,Generous, distracting, doesn't seem necessary to make up to three episodes.
2,What's the strategy name of Blackbrien?
3,..maybe it's because I didn't watch the previous movie, but it was really boring.I felt sick watching this ^^
3,It's insanely boring. It's not common to sleep in a movie theater, but I get sleepy.
4,It's not a hide-and-seek movie, it's just chasing and catching
6,It is interesting along with the previous one, and it is hard to get out of the shadow of the previous one.
3,What's funny?
6,Well, it's a little boring.--;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
3,I don't know if it's because she' I slept. My cousin slept, too.
4,The intensity of the action is weaker than I thought, and the camera focus is... ? There are many good Korean movies
5,I don't want the content to unfold. ;; Action?Action from where? This?Sungryong is making me laugh
1,It's an art movie
1,Is this a real movie?
1,The screen shakes a lot, especially when I take pictures over the window, and it's so annoying
1,Why are there so many part-timers these days?
1,Pfft! I'm watching a movie with 10 points for this crap
1,It's just loud from start to finish. Who's deaf?
1,It doesn't have much action and it ends in vain -- don't watch this movie
3,Don't watch all the previews  I regret it
2,There's no jam
1,Hollywood comedy is the Hollywood comedy! I wish there would be another fun comedy movie like this
1,It's not 9 points
1,I came out in the middle~~
1,How can I get more than 9 points? Why is the rating so high--?
1,The worst! Don't be fooled by the ratings and reviews. The part-timer is on the move. Regretful
1,Dewar is much better --
1,That's weird. I was just bored I usually like this kind of genre.
3,I can see why 007 is a box office hit and this movie is a bit slow
1,It's really not...I've been sick of it all two hours.
1,The only thing that comes out is fighting
6,Maybe it's because I haven't watched the first and second episodes, but it's just a cliche for action.
1,Lee Kyung Kyu didn't come out, so 1 point
3,It's not making you feel nauseous. Why are you shaking the camera?
1,(Scoring) Honestly, it's not a score movie like this. (There's only action, but the story -- what's the point?)
6,I'm just like that, Matt Damon must have had a hard time filming, but that's all.
1,If you don't watch the entire movie, it's not fun
1,They are part-timers Most of the time, I watched this movie today
1,7 points? It's like watching an old action movie, so it's nice to see but rather boring...
5,Why is the tail of the head all short and showing only the ending?
6,It was very difficult to watch because of the filming technique that was difficult to recognize the action scene.
1,It's really not funny. Worst ending in a series I've ever seen.It's... It'
4,There's nothing he can't do.There's no tension at all. It's boring
6,To be honest, it was a little boring.
1,It's not bad
3,The content is hard and the screen is unstable. I think you can watch it on TV
1,No. 1 movie that made me doze off while watching a movie
6,I guess it's not my cup of tea. Maybe I was expecting too much.
1,If you don't know the series, you'll get 4 out of 10.
1,I fell asleep while watching it. Let's not be fooled -- you said it's fun!Damn
1,To be honest, it's not a top 10 movie. Adjust the ranking.
4,I was so bored watching the movie that I came out in the middle. It's really boring
1,It's from there
1,A dynamic screen...But the yawning development...
1,Director Lee's problem is that he doesn't want to watch a movie because his eyes hurt too much. Do you all agree?
1,I don't really...
4,Maybe it's because I didn't watch the first movie, but it's my first time watching an action movie
5,I think it's a little inferior to the previous one.
6,It's not different from the 12th episode It's like going to rerun the movie
1,It's so obvious
1,It's getting boring
1,Chasing and being chased is nothing if you're too forced to do it's nothing.Bored!
1,Well, there's really no content.If the code doesn't match, it's a waste of time.
1,Only my eyes hurt.Screen production. The screen that shakes all the time
1,That's not funny No, no, no
6,I was sleepy
6,I didn't watch the first and second episodes, so I slept...The action scene was fun
1,Worst crap movie ever...
1,He was exposed to corruption by U.S. intelligence agencies, and yawned three times. Be sick and tired of.
5,Compared to my previous work, my story composition seems to have decreased a lot. Even if it's an action movie, the content should be good.
5,Honestly, it wasn't that fun
1,a foreign movie that feels like money is a waste
1,The worst movie of my life. Outstanding than 10 minutes.Nonsense, dizzy, loud, and boring
1,--nearly content, chased, chased, and done.What's wrong with your score?
1,It's not fun at all. It's a waste to pay for it's a waste
5,I didn't watch the first episode.It was just so-so. Just action.
1,One main character will conquer the world
1,the opposite side
2,It wasn't that funny. If the rating is 9.22, the butterfly effect is 100
1,a contrived setting The main character is multi-talented
6,There are a lot of part-timers. It's normal. I'm sleepy. Everything that came out after the first episode is boring
3,below the expectations of the previous series
6,The action is good, but the problem is that there is no immersion in the first and second episodes
6,I think it's a mistake to just read the comments and watch the movie. I'm a bit disappointed
6,The only thing I remember is the fancy action.
1,Honestly, it's not more than 9 points
1,It's too simple! Nothing special
5,What do you mean 10 points? It's a rehash of episodes 1 and 2. With a lame ending...
1,Yes, this is it! No body was found on the third day! This is it!
6,childish action
5,Phew, I threw away 7,000 wonㅜㅜ What do you mean?
1,I'm so disappointed.
3,The content is difficult, the action scene is not enough, and the worst part of the book is like a third-rate movie
5,I'm not used to movies like this, so I'm a bit dizzy. The screen turns too fast
1,I'm generous. I can't stop laughing
6,It wasn't very interesting
6,It's just... I feel a bit of urgency... My friend says it's fun.
5, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
5,Maybe it's because I haven't watched the first and second episodes
1,What is this? Isn't it because of the value of the name?My eyes hurt --
1,I have to admit that I have to admit it. The Shawshank Escape is a movie
2,The movie was noisy with sound effects from start to finish. If you don't know what's going on, don't watch it.
5,It was uncomfortable to see because of the shaking screen...
1,I enjoyed watching it, but the score is too high. I think we need to lower it a bit...
4,If it's not fun, how can the story be weak...
3,It's not funny
6,Why is the rating so high? The action was worth watching
1,I never watch this. It's such a regrettable third-rate movie!
6,What kind of action is there to see?
1,All three of the critics are bad.He'll eat well and live well like that'I don't have a brother like you
1,Paul ruined the nobility of the first film.But critics say it's good.The world like this
4,Who said it was the best?
6,If you've watched the first one, you don't have to watch the second or third one, the same composition, the same situations...I'm sick of it
5,a very high rating; action is worth watching
4,Ahhh -_-!! It's not fun... I would rather watch two girlfriends than watch this
5,Aren't you eating too much?
2,I am fair.
1,I can't believe the score
1,It's not fun
5,Netizens' ratings are unbelievable. --;;ㅡㅡ;;
1,The rating is too high. It's a movie full of small actions.
6,Why doesn't he die?
1,Shake the camera away. Damn it. Director Oliver Wood. Oh, I'm cursing
5,A series of scenes that are so obvious scenes. I'm embarrassed. I only liked the action scenes from time to time
1,This series is the best, but Ultimate is the worst in the series
1,One point
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,Action, immersion, everything is rubbish
1,It's full of tension and the action is the best. I need to lower the rating.
1,a rubbish movie
1,Oh my...
3,Action is sometimes funny, but it's boring and dark, leading hype
4,Honestly, it's kind of boring...That's an exaggeration.
1,the ridiculous cloud-hunting of a white spyIt's a paradise for part-timers
1,It's not fun, there's no content, and it's nonsense
6,It's more about action than the storyline. So it's a movie full of tension
2,It's different for each person.I'm sleepy. I thought it was OOO
2,I watched it after seeing the identity. It's such a ridiculous and obvious. It's a bit plain;;
1,It's a good movie, but it's not enough to win first place.
1,It's a good movie, but life is beautiful. It's not a better movie than Shawshank
6,I'll kill you and you won' What I saw was a diehard?
1,If you import movies like this from now on, you'll fall behind. You're a social evil!
1,It's just a movie worth watching, but I don't understand the 9 points range. Why are there only Hollywood pardons?
5,Too much expectation for the rating. New action.There's no content, but it seems to have been supplemented in the second part
2,Why are there so many characters?It's not as good as the first and second... but Matt was cool.Hah!
5,I want you to evaluate it objectively. But it was better than Invoice.
1,I was surprised to see the rating --; Is this a jam? It's really not fun
3,I didn't like it
5,I looked at the balance and it wasn't that...
4,It's just part-timers...
1,It stinks.
2,The main series is boring
4,It's the only movie I've ever fallen asleep in my life that's so annoying with the shaky camera techniques
5,I see some part-timers.It's not 10 points or 5 points, but 7 points. It's just 7 points
6,It's not as funny as Dewar --ㅡㅡ
1,I showed you everything I could show you in my previous work. What do you want me to do over and over again?
3,Honestly, I don't like it. I really enjoyed the first one.
1,I don't understand why this is the highest rating
1,Is this a movie, too?
1,It's not an action movie or a thriller.
1,I was disappointed because I trusted the ratings
1,The story is not good and the action is chaotic
1,Bourne strangled my black friend with a rag...
4,I don't think the story is too weak.The action was good, but...
6,I don't understand what it's about because I haven't watched the first and second episodes.
6,It was okay, but it was a little boring at first.
1,Why is the rating so high? It's boring. It's okay
6,A common story! Wow... A common idea!
1,If you want to make a movie, it's gonna be fun.I'm really going to wake up.
1,The worst action movie I've ever seen
1,The story is a bit disappointing
1,It's not good
2,??? I guess I'm the only one who's not funny.How...
4,It's the same as the previous ones -_-
3,I just followed what I did in the first and second episodes.I'd rather make it one.
6,The content is good, but...I just turned the camera around...I feel dizzy.
1,It's better than the drama.The rating is 5 points
5,Bon Supremacy and Bon IDENTITY 1.2.3 are all very similar in content
4,It's boring. It's not fun.;;
1,Is this... Is it fun? The height of boredom...
3,I watched it with high expectations, but I don't think there's much to it
1,It's not fun. It's not funny That's enough
5,Score Matt Damon!
6,It was eye-catching and breathless.But it wasn't that fun.Why?
3,I'm not a fan.It wasn't that fun
2,Back Bourne, back Hollywood hang.
1,I just saw it. The rating is too high. I was fooled. I thought I was going to die
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
1,I looked forward to OO, but I felt for the first time that there was a part-timer lol
1,I don't like this kind of movie They're all into action.
5,Bourne is part of Hollywood's Jackie Chan, nothing more
1,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
1,It's a waste of 1 point. Why is it so high? I kept sleeping. What a waste of money.
1,I have nothing to say.People who saw it will feel it.
3,My eyes hurt...It's so hectic. -_-;;
1,I don't know if it's because my expectations are too low... It's not that funT
4,You fought, you shot, you shot
1,From the 10th minute of the movie, my brother and I are cool -_-
1,I slept 20 minutes after I started.--ㅡㅡ
1,It's thrilling, but it's chaotic...The rating is too high!
1,Why is this 9.26 GPA...To be honest, 7.5 is a movie...
6,What's the end -_- there was a boring side to it
1,The main character doesn't look funny The action scenes and the plot are all cliche
5,It's too boring. Running time feels too long to enjoy until the end
4,James Bond's fake Jason Bourne. In addition, it resembles Steven Segal's movie.
6,I watched the clock twice while watching the movie.Time doesn't go. My eyes hurt.9.26? ;;;;
1,It's so obvious, just shake the camera and go crazy. What a waste of money. Oh.Take it out
1,Is it the synergy of conventionality in psychology?Why is this movie coming up?Eight points
4,The movie makes me feel dizzy. I'm going to throw up. It is my first time to watch a clock while watching a movie
4,I like action movies, but I don't like this movie. I don't know the story
3,Don't regret the weekend and watch something else.I think it will be on TV soon.
5,It's the first time I've seen this series.It's just...
6,Please write your review after watching the movie. Tension offset, repeat story.(Sighing)
1,Matt Damon is ugly I have to be on the show. The sequel to this series is mine
1,I'm generous enough to give you a point
1,The screen is shaking so much that it's half-action. Too complicated story. You have to turn it around.
1,I saw this and fought with my girlfriend.--ㅡㅡ
4,I happened to see it and it was boring throughout the movie. It was really bad.
3,Maybe it's because I didn't watch the whole movie -- I really don't like it, but it's a good review
4,It's fun, but I was sleepy in the second half
3,Honestly, should I say it's so boring? Full of chase scenes
1,The constant tension wears me out and makes me dull
6,The action was worth watching, but the content was kind of empty
1,Have a good life and say it!
6,My money -_-
5,Ah! The content is not different. It's boring!
1,Are you all looking at me? I saw it at home, but I couldn't find it. I don't know what's great about it's...
1,I missed James Bond's intellectual side all this time.
5,The score is too high... Why is this the best movie? -,.-ㅡ,.ㅡ
6,Quite frankly, it's a personal opinion (so don't blame me) but typical Hollywood
1,I was tricked
1,It was boring, no tension, and I had a headache because the camera was shaking ㅠㅠ
5,a movie that is always chased and chased
6,The rating is a lie.
4,It was really boring.I felt so sorry for my friend. The first and second episodes were fun.a feeling of being tricked
5,I think there was only action.Why are the reviews so high?
1,It's the first time I've slept in a movie.;; The person next to you was sleeping, too.;;
1,Compared to the first and second episodes, it's not as realistic.You've become a model 007.have a good reputation
6,It wasn't bad, but such a high evaluation is hard to understand. a feeling of being fished
1,I made it well, but the rating is too high compared to the movie.
1,If you haven't watched the first and second episodes, please watch another movie. I was completely taken.
1,To be honest, I wasn't funny
1,Immortal Bon... he has no choice but to be lonely.Why are the critics overreacting?Lowering
4,It's not funny. Men will see it as an action. Women are the worst.
1,The score is too high. It's more disappointing than I thought
1,be neither convincing nor entertainingI can't wait to see you again tomorrow because you won the event.gg
1,Oh, now this stupid movie will be released.
1,Let's not look at it as a path of darkness.
4,What kind of evaluation do you think they're all part-timers?
1,Shawshank is the best
3,Maybe it's because I didn't watch the main series.I'm disappointed ㅠㅠ
1,This is a piece of crap.A total of three chase scenes...The main character's lines are 10 lines...
5,You've been faithful to the spy thriller genre.
1,Hmm... What's wrong with everyone?
3,I don't know why this is 9.26.Are they part-timers? The first episode was more fun.
1,Compared to the previous one...
1,It's just...
1,The first part was fun.It's the worst thing I've ever been looking forward to. a rating error
3,I'm disappointed that you enjoyed the previous one.
1,It's not good
3,As expected, the sequel is not good.I liked "Born Identification" the most
1,I'm not lying, I was sleepy -_- Why is the score so high?
1,The rating is ridiculous. As expected, the rating is unbelievable.
1,I'm not good enough for my last movie. I'm going to lower the rating of the movie by 7 points
1,This high rating is manipulation.Before the show!It must be a hoax Is it a commercial?
1,Look before you speak
5,It's just... It's just...
6,Are you trying to get away with the reputation of your previous work?
5,a thrill of emptiness and simplicityI can't believe we can all agree that we're winning first place over Shawshank
1,It's not a movie that beats Shawshank.
4,This... It's not that...I fell asleep while watching it.-- It's a bit loose...
1,This disease... What a waste of points
4,an incomprehensible score
5,It was boring the whole time I watched it I think that's too much
3,It feels like I'm watching a drama. have a problem with
4,You have to watch Bonn's Series 3 1 and... It's hard but fun. The end?
3,What's this?
1,There are a lot of people who watched it on illegal downloads, so the reason why it has a high rating isG~~
5,I just saw it. The first and second episodes were much better^^ It's just... It's okay
3,There is no obvious ending story, chase scene, and Hong Kong action reversal, and it is in vain
1,Just.
1,Why is the rating 9.4... Why? Why on earth?
4,It's boring, not to say blockbuster.Just a dodgy spy?
1,It's just a Hollywood crap movie. I'm not kidding
1,Not really
1,I'm so sleepy that I can't sleep
1,--;;;;
4,I don't really... ID Tetty was the best, but as time went by, it's...
1,I understand well because I have a bad head.
4,It's just a simple story.a common movie
6,This is really... What should I do?
1,This is not right.
6,I wanted to say, "What do you want me to do?"
1,The score is too high...
3,I came all the way here breathlessly. What's this?
1,For those who don't like action, I recommend it 100 times, 1000 times
2,It's boring because the content is cut offIs it?
6,I'm a little disappointed.
5,You're pulling without even looking
1,Oh, I'm depressed
1,Ending is so boring
1,This movie doesn't have bubbles...Everything is a real action. It's perfect, so 1 point
1,Honestly, the first one was better than the second one. And the third one is probably more...
