프레데터
1,A mountain of college entrance exam questions for the country
1,A five-point movie. It's crude and childish. He's no match for Alien
3,The opening music and the music in the movie are so funny. Did you do it on purpose to create a B-class vibe? It's boring as a whole. In many movies, the buff is too much.
5,Surely there's a reason I don't like old moviesI enjoyed watching Alien vs Predator series and Predators
5,Arnold is more of a monster than a monster
5,The exquisite mix of military action and SF Creatures
6,Arnold in the mud was cool.
2,It's just gurim. The shooting action drama was good at first, but that's it. After that, I started getting bored. After the Predator appeared, the movie became OO.
1,The part where Predator comes out is like the old Power Rangers or Vector Man's Creature. Isn't this a movie that comes out later than Alien or the same time? Alien is beyond the times, but this movie is beyond the times. The score is too high. 1 point. I really want to give a rating of about 6.
1,You're killing innocent soldiers, and when one of your comrades dies, you're playing magnificent music and flaunting your friendship. American heroism is disgusting, but... When I laughed before Freddie's suicide bombing, all I could feel was that I was really sick.
5,the importance of concealment and camouflage
1,Why not on TV?--ㅡㅡ
6,What is invisible is strong
5,I don't understand what the hell is a masterpiece. Considering the technological prowess of the time, the composition itself is too boring even if CG is not mentioned. In the chase scene, there was only shooting and swearing, but there was no thrill. The imagination of the Predator project was just amazing. It is incomparable to Alien 1, a rival of the same age.
2,I thought it was an Alien movie, but Predator was a B movie
2,Looking at it now, it feels like I'm watching Vector Man
2,I don't know if it was fresh back then, but now that I see it...
6,thank one's friend for inviting him to watch
6,I thought it was an Alien movie, but Predator was a B movie
1,Looking at it now, it feels like I'm watching Vector Man
5,It fell short of the reputation I've heard here and there
6,You made it well.But personal preference...
1,One point is enough for such a boring movie
1,Well, the development is inconsistent and the ending is in vain
6,Imagination is acceptable. It's not that fun...
1,It's obvious
6,You can feel the power of the original. Arnold's weight is "Unprecedented".
1,The essence of old movies that are not funny but crude
5,What's this?
4,a spectacular view of the theater at that time Nevertheless, it was not very impressive.  It's like leaning on Arnold's image of Comando.
1,Even considering it's an old movie, I can't help it
4,It's just a mystery movie. It would be great at the time, but not now.
1,It's just an entertainment movie rating bubble
1,Why is this first place overall?;; Oh my god, this isn't right Lower your rating by 1 point
1,It's a fun movie, but it's over the top. Let's lower the rating
1,I can't believe this is the first place for the entire movie.
3,It's just an action movie.;;
2,Then, the rating is too high
1,This isn't right
3,No... Why is this number one...
3,This isn't it, Jan
1,It's not fun
4,The exciting development is good, but each episode is level
6,An action movie to watch in those days
6,SF thriller that's ahead of the times!
5,I cried a lot while watching it. I wish I'd seen you back then
1,It's in vain.
1,It's boring the whole time. I was so dumbfounded when Fredeter died.
5,Arnold's muscles were superb, but the movie itself wasn't that funny
6,Arnold is the only human being who can fight Predator
6,What does it have to do with falling into a conspiracy in the first half and meeting aliens in the second half?
