서유기 2 - 선리기연
5,Let's come back when we see the first half
3,Moonlight Bo-bo was really childish and boring, so I forced myself to watch it quickly. I skipped Sun-Ki-Yeon. Is it a joke?
4,Am I still young and young?I know what the masterpieces are, the poignant scenes, but I didn't really feel themIt was a movie that felt boring to me, as was the case with Moonlight Boom, neither Sun Ki-yeon nor Sun Ki-yeon.
4,No, the story goes crazy from the first scene and suddenly, the movie is boring because of the woman who appeared. The first one was a masterpiece
1,I can't admit that Joo Seong-chi, who maximized the noise and exaggeration of Chinese movies, is just not acceptable.
3,A movie that I watched until the end even though I was bored by CEO Chae's recommendation. Comedy movies are difficult to be profound, but after hearing the explanation, I put logic and philosophy into a complicated story, but I don't like Joo Seong-chi's humor and I'm not a fan, so unfortunately, I don't know the charm of this movie at all
1,It's so boring and childish
3,It's no fun. I turned it off with 20 minutes left. The bodies change with each other, and I don't know what the hell it's about. It's not funny. The owner is pretty. I saw it for the first time at Sajo Hero Exhibition, and it's so pretty. Onni U's song seems to have been copied by an unstoppable pilot.
1,a boring and sloppy piece of work
6,You shouldn't trust your score too much. People seem too demagoguery. Even the movie. How can this be 9 points?Can I give you a grade as a joke?I'd give Zhongjing Forest a nine, but this is just...
6,The plot of the play is also distracting and chaotic, and the humor is boring because it is said to be a 24-year-old work. At least the owner's beauty plays a part in the second half
1,Can't you give me 0? I was tricked. I paid for it
1,I don't know if it has a rating of 9,3. I don't have any special memories of that timeBut this is too much.
5,I don't know who's who.There are three girls in it, right?crying
5,Oh, release only. It's 2010 and 90's movie ㅠㅠ
1,People who give 10 points say that people who give 10 points are not funny are low-level people. They say that they are elementary students. Compare that to other movies with 9 points. Is it really a 9.34 movie?
6,The owner's smile is really pretty. The ending song is so good. Childish comic martial arts, nothing but these two. 2 points higher than the moonlight box because of the owner and the ending song.
1,NAVER GPA
5,It was so funny. cafe.naver.com/grayd0tbe/890
6,It hits the main vocal chords.
3,I've liked Joosungchi for a long time, but I don't think this is right
4,I don't have any sympathy with people who give me 9 or 10 points. It's not as interesting as a short drama these days. It's a waste of hours spent looking for, buying, downloading, and watching moonshine.
1,I think it's just a flash man or an old-fashioned. It's so childish
1,It's funny because the rating is so high ^^;;
1,That's so childish.Ha ha.
6,The thin gap of the moment when a false smile turns into a loud laugh.
6,I saw a lot of reviews and I was looking forward to it. They say it's more touching when you get older, but I wonder if you should watch it again in your 40s.
1,It's really not funny --;;
5,Story-comic. Everything is okay, but the rating is overrated
1,Um...........!?
1,To be honest, I think it's really pathetic. You said you liked Baek Jeong-jung, but soon fell in love with Zaha and ended up leaving without anyone being able to protect him. How can a woman save the world when she can't do anything about it, but at what point should she cry?
6,I don't know why the score is high. -.-;; I like Joo Sung Chi, but it's not this movie.
6,But it's not a 9.27 -- rating bubble
2,Even considering the release year... There is nothing to be gained except Joo Seong-chi's charm.
1,Your grade is OOO 1 meal ㅠㅠ I like Joo Sung Chi and my grade is high because I am a low grade. I received the first and second episodes of "The Journey to the West". Throughout the first episode, this isn't it.Not this one. I thought about it, but I trusted the rating and thought there would be something in the second part.ㅠㅠ Is this a movie? Even if I turn my time around.
5,Good job getting it right. Haha
4,elementary movie
2,childishness
1,그가 ...에 나타나기 전에 거의 그만두다.
6,I like the part where the moderation was tactfully released and the scene where I left...
5,When I was young, I enjoyed watching Beauty Goblin, but not now. the lower part of the Western Journey
2,It's not fun compared to the first episode ;; I wanted a comedy
3,I'm worse than the first one. The content, the development, the whole thing.
1,I'm not kidding
6,If you're in your 30s and don't close down, do you mean I'm still young? Lastly, Son Goku is a bit bitter
1,This isn't it either!
6,Did I really enjoy the moonlight box?
4,Ju Seong-chi copied Jim Carrey's performance in Ace Ventura almost entirely.ㅉ
1,I laughed at his childishness.
1,-- Not really
3,It's really not funny.Anyone who thinks it's fun? I heard it's being re-released.
1,a poor work
2,Because of the value of Joo Seong Chi's name, I feel like I have a high rating after hearing the sound of a masterpiece
1,I don't know why this movie has such a high rating
6,It wasn't as good as I thought. The rating seems too high;
6,Why is the movie '94 finally released?
1,It's nonsense to have a rating above nine.
1,What's wrong with the ratings?
1,It's not good enough.
1,I don't know what you're talking about.
1,Childish jjamppong
1,I don't know what you're talking about
3,I have high expectations
1,To be honest, I think the rating is too high.
6,It's fun, but... This is not a rating.
1,I'm getting cranky. As expected, Jjajangmyeon...
1,It's a movie that doesn't fit the code.
1,Maybe it's because it's an old movie, but it's not fun.
6,Even if Joo Seong-chi is Juyeon, it's not this
1,Half a star is a waste... Some guy did that kind of course.  I mean, did you want me to screw you up?Phew!
4,You can't have the same taste.
1,This is... well... What a disappointment.
1,That's really childish. People in underdeveloped countries will like it.
4,Go down... Don't fool people.Damn it.
1,It is a rating that does not make sense Really,,
5,It's full of romance, but it's less laughable. The parody of the king scissors is so heart-warming
2,A representative movie that made me quit the movie. I can't bear to score 1 point for old friendship(?
1,I'm annoyed. Is this a movie?
1,Power Rangers on the Continent. The childishness curls my hands and feet.
4,It's kind of an obvious development. A movie that can be seen everywhere. But it was fun.
1,This is the worst
3,The main voice always shines its own light
1,The rating is ridiculous
1,If there's 0 point, I'll give you 0 point.
1,Are you kidding me?
5,I don't understand the movie.;;
5,I'll give you 5 points because Zaha is pretty
5,It was a great movie back then, but if you look at it now, it's an elementary movie
4,I can't stand the second episode.
1,Slept.
1,I dozed off
1,A movie from my childhood comes to mind
1,That was a bit childish
1,It's really
1,I thought it was a movie from the 80s.
1,I don't like it either
3,All that's left is that women are pretty
1,a darn third-rate
1,not much
1,What do you mean it's fun?"
1,I couldn't feel the comedy
1,I love Joo Seong-chi. Joo Seong-chi, do you?
1,It was a childish movie to watch now
1,Is it because of time?
1,That's not fun.
1,It's not that
1,I wasn't having fun myself
1,Is it because of the high expectations?
1,below expectations
1,Childish and sleepy.
1,Who watches this childish movie?
1,a childish movie
1,That's childish
1,I can't believe it
1,Why are you so distracted? What's wrong with everything that comes out like this?
1,1 point because of the main voice
6,Although I'm a fan of Joo Seong-chi, I want to be cool about this movie
1,It's a waste of time
1,Childish.
1,I watched it while singing "Cha-Ga-Ga-Ga-Ga" but Sun Ki-yeon...Such a flirt
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
4,It's not that... It's like I saw an old-fashioned joke.
2,Well, damn it, it is.-;ㅡ;
1,That's not fun.
6,Maybe because I dozed off, I don't understand why this movie has a high Naver score.
6,No compliments should be allowed.
1,That's so childish
4,좋아요.
1,a movie with a rating of eight and a half
1,Do I have to laugh or cry?
1,It was a movie about childish elementary school kids
1,Not good.
1,Can you tell me what.
1,Taking out the foam
3,Maybe it's because we have different tastes...
2,Don't believe in ratings. garbage
4,I think it's better than the first one... a nine-point rating. LOL
1,I can't believe this crap got 9 points
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's a war.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,I turned the channel on Ocn
1,Is it fun?
3,It's a playful movie, but it's so childish. Because the actress is pretty... The score...
1,Oh, my. I was tricked again.-Dog attraction
4,A movie you should never watch unless you're a fan of Ju Sung Chi. Can be tricked by ratings
5,I can't give you more points.
3,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,I think it would be better to watch the 9pm news.a great disappointment
1,a cart
1,This is just 1 point
4,be less funny than the previous one
5,It's not a ten-point movie.Why is everyone getting 10 points...
1,sorry
5,-_- Why is the rating high? Do you all like movies like this? -_- Nanbyul-ru
6,It's so overrated... More than I thought...
1,That's weird... The rating is too high
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
2,People who gave me 10 points--- That's a unique taste.Hahaha
6,Not enough action! Not enough comedy!
1,Honestly, this isn't right.The first movie I was fooled by NAVER's rating...crying
1,Rating Board
5,Witty, ingenious, childish, sloppy
5,It's childishly funny
1,I can't believe you put this up ^^;
1,This isn't right. This isn't right.
3,I'm not Park Soonhee
1,NAVER rating is a mess. Things like this are coming up
1,So childish!
1,I don't like it when I see it again
4,네 알겠습니다
6,I should watch it again.Seeking the true fun of goodness...
1,Are you really looking at me and saying it?LOL
6,Ju Seong Chi... "The Journey to the West"... Oh, how well it fits...
1,The monkey is the main character...Oh my god
1,It's so funny
1,What's this? -,-;;ㅡ;;
1,I don't like it
1,What is this?
3,I didn't see it, but... The main voice movie gets a good rating;;;;;;
1,a monkey-like movie
1,No matter how boring it is,
1,If you have high expectations, it looks like this
1,Childish... Won-Sing...
5,Is it because you didn't watch the first episode? Did you laugh once or twice?
1,Why is this movie so high? It's so childish
1,It's childish in the thirties
1,It's a movie about Ju Seong Chi, but it's a little...
2,-.- That's a lot of foam I don't recommend it
1,I really didn't have fun, but I don't understand people who have fun?
1,I don't like monkeys. I don't like Joo Seongchi.
1,Top 200 Movies
1,I don't like monkeys because they're the main characters.Koizumi...
1,What a masterpiece this is.
1,Worst movie ever to come home alone
1,The representative work of childish jjamppong
1,Oh, my
1,Get away from me
1,Don't play with the movie. Babies, this is Moni
1,The rating is too high
1,A movie that I don't understand at all
1,After
6,Why didn't I? I should watch the movie again
1,It's too high for fun, so I'm trying to lower it. Big fans of Joo Seong Chi?
1,I was looking forward to it, but I'm a fool.We all got a grade of fishing...
1,I can only laugh bitterly
1,not much
1,Not really, I was looking forward to it because it's the main voice
1,Who's going to give the rating?
1,I trusted NAVER rating and watched both episodes, but I was fooled.Time ago
5,a film exclusively for chauvinistic dementia
1,The movie that was completely fooled by NAVER's rating... Not at all. --;ㅡㅡ;
1,Cafe members! Let's stop manipulating the public opinion.
1,Personally, I don't think it suits me at all
1,It was fun...
1,The best, the best, the best!
1,- Honestly... It's just a well-made "Ju Seong Chi" movie.
5,The main voice is good, but I'm not immersed in it
1,Why is this movie? a score given by resistance
1,It's nothing
1,What...
1,It was childish...
1,I don't know what it's about
1,What is it?
1,OK.
1,an unexpected high rating
1,Let's go
1,Just look at the main star dementia.Otherwise, I regret it
1,Get out of my head
1,I think it's a part-time job. I didn't have any fun;;
1,Am I abnormal? I don't understand Joo Seong-chi's movie.
5,It was fun to watch...My memory
1,He's a naughty boy
5,10 points is too much.It's just fun.It's kind of like a maniac...
1,320 people participating... If I give you 1 point, will I be eliminated from the 1st place?
1,Just disappear
1,Whoo... Joo Seong Chi...
1,Are all the part-timers here?I think Kung Fu Hustle is a million times better.
6,It's so obvious that I covered up the love story
1,A movie that only Joo Seong Chi and "Badori" watch
1,You copied Jim Kerry so much that you lost your sense of immersion...
1,Why is the rating so high?-,.-ㅡ,.ㅡ
1,The owner is the only one that memory
1,Joo Seong Chi is so childish. Kung Fu Hustle is so childish
1,Childishly nagging, -_-
1,Joo Seong-chi, -_-
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,What's this?
1,One point
