다시 태어나도 우리
1,That's why I never believe in Buddhism.Padma samba~ I don't want to get involved with a Dalai Lama who drinks, smokes, and when he's bored
6,An old monk who takes care of Dongjaseung, who is destined to become a big monk, with love. A documentary about small happiness in the hard journey from Rajak, India to Tibet. It's not a movie with a twist in the story. It's a piece that's like a lyrical poem. If you don't like this kind of work, you might feel sleepy.
1,...........오일류키jrf
1,leuivdhiivif
1,우이티유
1,어려운 환경을 가지고 항공 공적인 환경을 경영할 것이다.
1,삼여정공부니펠우호관
1,tyer5yutry
1,I watched it for a while and then rewatched it quickly.
6,Lin Po-che and your view of the worldview?I was a little bored because I didn't know. The scenery that comes out from time to time and makes babies laugh.
5,The background is cool, and I remember it as a movie with big traces of hard work.
4,I was hoping that it would satisfy my curiosity and rejection of my previous life, but not at all. The beautiful and huge snow scene and spectacular scenery made of drones are good.
6,As expected, it's not like I'm reading Naver comments. I came to see the ratings before I saw them, and then I got spoilers
6,I wish the main movie was about the steps toward Tibet. And the drone shooting was a step back from the movie
6,a film with a glitter of devoted faith
1,The production team's hard work and work are different
6,It would have been nice if it was shown as a documentary
1,This is not a Buddhist film
1,It's the end of my life. Even one point
6,There may be high praise for those who can only look at it purely. First of all, I think I should be able to sit down and have a good time. I'm falling asleep. It's my personal preference. It must be a tough movie for young people.
3,I watch it for the fun of seeing nature
4,It's a sad movie. If you want to cry, watch this movie
6,I'm not sure. It's our life
4,If you're tired of it, I don't recommend you to be a religious cynic
1,I heard you produced this documentary over the years. Did you film it while having fun?
6,It was a little boring. I guess it's because I got used to fast storytelling.But I think it was an opportunity to get a glimpse of the good heart of an underdeveloped society
3,I woke up and... The person next to me was crying... My my
6,The beautiful relationship between Lin Po-che and her teacher. Looking at her makes me happy.The only movie my husband didn't doze off at the movie theater.
1,I don't know if I'm emotionally dry. I don't know what you mean.
1,It smells like foam. I'll give you 1 point.
6,I heard that it was a bit boring and sad than I expected, so I prepared tissues.
6,All the middle-aged women in the theater were sniffling at the end
2,Did the teacher and the student change? It's like the world!Kids these days know their teachers...
2,It's so confusing.
6,I was able to experience different cultures
1,I was so bored that I dozed off and woke up and everyone cried, what happened?
6,I only remember the pure white snow mountains
1,I don't think it's good.
5,My heart aches when I say, "The memories of my past life are fading..." I hope you can grow into a good monk!
1,It's so much fun.
1,A movie that shows why a backward country is a backward country
