레드슈즈
3,The film has excellent visual beauty technology, but the composition of the plan is too low. The hook doesn't match the story of going to the mountains. It's childish and the development is too out of the blue and there are a lot of scenes. It's such a bummer... Should I have set my eyes at the level of children? Or is the planner a child?  I think the technology is as good as the Frozen, but it's too bad. Perfect for visual beauty skills and zero for planning
6,That's too bad. I think it contains the theme of abandoning appearanceism, but as the story progresses, I was blocked by human nature and lost my way. There's a sense of Merlin's authenticity and her sense of theme being so faint that it's tied up. The humor code and the setting of "Video Mina" was good. As with the countless ideologies that split the world, coercion creates conflict, and I'm worried that it will contain laws to impose on children. When I was young, Sen and Chihiro's disappearance made me become a businessman and live freely. The message was delivered to the subconscious. I hope this movie was a good influence on children.
6,How can this be 9 points? If kids like it, it goes up automatically
6,Korean animation is getting higher in quality.
4,Did Namjoo's taste in women suddenly change? Or you're a princess You decided to think that good is good? Isn't it such a happy ending because you're watching them? I thought it would be instructive, but there's no lesson in this sloppy development.
1,imitating Disney clumsily
1,I don't know what to say.
4,These days, animations have become clichés themselves through the criticism of appearanceism
5,"Robot Taekwon V" 43 years later, the only thing that came out of the stage of imitation is the possibility.
6,Annie to give hope to fat girls
1,Isn't it a typical old K-drama Cinderella story that gives you the illusion that you can make love with a handsome prince even if you are ugly and ordinary? A story that would not have been able to start a conversation. Even if it wasn't shoes, even if it wasn't pretty, they had no choice but to love each other. Or an unhelpful woman can go through it alone. I was looking forward to seeing Annie from a different perspective
1,a faux-cheap script
1,It's like a combination of Disney movie stories.
1,Radical feminist writers and stories...You can give young children the perception that being pretty and handsome is bad, and the main character is actually a con artist and a man who uses men, but the main character is just nice, but he can't give up his shoes because of his appearance, and the witch is crazy about his appearance
5,I intended to oppose appearanceism, but something went wrong. If you don't know what it's about, it's a better movie
1,I compliment the graphic, but that's it. In the end, there's no technology, no show lesson, no appearance, no humor, no lesson, the story is cliche, the probability, the more it gets, the more irritating it gets It's just a childish whine, "We're as tech as Disney!"
4,I'm an adult and I watched it with my friend. He had a lot of fun, but I was bored.
6,I personally expected a lot, but the story wasn't enough.I really liked the directing, acting, and the OST. Especially, the voice cast was really good, but I felt that it was a bummer at the end.
5,White Snake, Ma-dong not my strong performance is its distinctive note, but it's just Disney just an imitator.
1,I'm disappointed at the transformation of the red shoes I saw with my family
6,
1,Why is the rating so high?
2,Good job designing a fat Asian girl
3,Graphics and design are already no different from big companies like Disney and Pixar. But it's a story where the song is played out of nowhere, and when the heroine returns to her original state, the children are disappointed, not touched. In the end, he pretends to teach the obvious lesson that the mind is more important than the appearance. Compared to Shrek, who has a similar lesson, the graphics are better, but the story is disappointing.
4,I don't think the story was solid. Why? There were a lot of parts that made me think that. And I think there are few scenes where Flower 7 try to get only princess' heart and show their abilities.
1,I don't think this is it. It cost me so much. What do you mean fake? Even though I tried to bring out the style of the person who works at Disney, I don't have any personality I don't think the story is particularly fun or touching It's so obvious that you only stick to technology. JBJ's solid story and personality... Please pay attention to me. That's why I don't watch Korean animation.
1,The development is awkward, especially Chloe Moretz. Is it three packs a day? I don't think I'll be able to hear Mandy Moore's voice. I'll give you zero points because there are so many awkward points in the process.
4,They say that the ratings are high, so they watch it. It's a bit childish for adults to see, and the song comes out suddenly, and the story itself has no flow The ending is, of course, a happy ending, what should I say is bland, and these days, in the age of appearanceism, who likes fat people and can't take care of themselves
6,It is commendable to twist familiar fairy tales and to criticize appearanceism. However, scenes like old music videos are awkward, and the development and ending are a little lacking, which is a pity.
5,It's technically good, but the content is unpleasant all the whole time I see it.It's a face review and discrimination. You made a good picture and you ruined it like this.If you focus on directing...
1,Disney suddenly did this? I was surprised and then... Oh, no. A movie... I don't like it
1,The visual beauty is fine, but it's the worst movie I've ever seen. It's annoying. This is called an animated movie. What the hell did you want to express? Appearanceism? K
2,The music playing was so random and boring, so I watched the ending... Fooled by ratings...
1,Why is the rating so high? I watched it for about 30 minutes and got annoyed, so I quickly watched the rest and erased it. It's not fun to mix the settings of famous animations such as Snow White, Shrek, Beauty and the Beast.
1,3D and video beauty are perfect, but I'm embarrassed that they made a fake Korean version of Gongju's seriesIs this movie's kid, Dandy Dandy, a fake?
4,I couldn't concentrate on the story. ㅇㅅㅇ
5,It was worth watching as an animation movie in Korea
6,It's late, but I'm leaving a reviewMy daughters enjoyed it
1,https://pann.nate.com/talk/347293381 <-- Problems with the movie Red Shoes
1,Shrek said, "I'm still a green monster, Fiona is still beautiful," and the movie's level of consciousness is very low, considering that it's a 2001 movie
1,Nuclear waste... What's the point of working abroad and learning skills? Storytelling skills are rubbish and philosophy is made by machines that don't exist.But is it crazy that this is a nine-point rating; I think it's a hell of a rip-off, how much part-time work did you use?Animation is now completely reversed by China. Watch Chinese animation "White Love" and "Natajima River Se" and study
6,My nieces and nephews loved itIt's fun
6,What's more important than what's inside and what you think
2,Probability. The line is... Wow! It's just this... It's good for drawing style, but you need to explain the story and the lines, but the scene suddenly goes over quickly. It's a lack of probability. It's a lack of explanation. a hectic performance
6,It's fun. The screen is pretty and fun
1,It's a mess.
6,
6,She wanted to see her 5-year-old daughter, so we watched it together They're having fun
2,You're peeling it. Did you get support from the production? You're going to make it like this with our technology? I can't believe it
1,Oh my god!
6,Why are the reviews so high? Soup noodles?
6,It was just like that. Like "Frozen"! I didn't feel that way
2,The rating was so high that I was surprised to see if I was expecting too much.It felt like a different animation--I'm disappointed that it's so obvious.It's harder to write 1,000 letters to post here.I don't know if the kids will enjoy it. I watched it with children in 5th and 6th grade, but they couldn't concentrate and looked at their cell phones.I don't know why the rating is so generous.I was really looking forward to it.I thought I should watch it because it was made in our country, but I was the only one who thought of Snow WhiteAnyway, it wasn't fun, special, or touching.It's my personal feeling, so just refer to it.Everyone here says it's fun and it's touching, but I didn't do it at all.--ㅡㅡ
4,It was so childish.ㅜㅜ
1,It's just a feminist movie. Don't believe in the ratings The female rating is 75% ^^ A rating of more than 50% of women is seriously lacking in credibility. It's a movie that Femi pigs will like, so it'll be uncomfortable to watch if you're sober.
1,an unidentified hybrid that interbreeds Disney and DreamWorks
6,It's worth watching. Snow White's transformation was fresh
6,It's just... It's just so-so.
6,A movie that has nothing to watch except characters. There is no probability of a story.
5,I was really looking forward to it, but should I call it an homage, or a parody?Character abilities that remind you of the Avengers and how you use them. Scenes that remind me of Disney movies such as Harry Potter, Beauty, the Beast, and the Big Hero were like playing a hidden movie game. "Oh, this reminds me of that scene." I can't hide my feelings of the scenes that I've seen before So, is this within bounds? An animation that makes you think, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't very good.
6,The video is pretty. The story is just...
4,Hm... I am an adult, but I like this genre of animation, so I felt a little uncomfortable all the time... To paraphrase, I'm sleeping with a man and a woman, and I'm having fun alone? Of course, I've been working hard on the woman's side. I thought it was a cotton swab. Did you like it afterwards? I'm asking... That kind of movie...The content. There were a lot of things.I don't remember anything
2,It's so boring and all the Disney fairy tales look just like Rapunzel Witch.
6,I had fun making the story, but the kid told me to go out because he was scared ㅠㅠㅠ
6,The kids will love it
4,It's a high-quality graphic, but it's a story that's gone
6,It was regrettable that the old and ugly witch setting of the queen, who envied youth, remained the same. Rather, what was the confrontation between the queen and the princess, who is loved for her fat but warm heart and courageous and strong charm?You win love. The prince who gets disappointed when he sees himself is the worst! I was more disappointed.
1,a poor work impersonating Disney It is just a list of good graphics, and you can feel that the level of movement or screen transition is very low. I thought that the voice that didn't fit the character was from Korea, and it was the worst fake animation that prevented useless lines from being immersed
5,Applause for the rapid development of domestic 3D animation. However, the story is childish and not smooth. The characters aren't particularly attractive either.
1,I can't believe that mani-minism is seeping into animations. You're going to watch this with the kids? It's like a fami-nation.There's a girl like Barry.
5,The song came out of nowhere and the development...
6,The content is like Snow White and Shrek Jjamppong. It's embarrassing to export as a story. It's not an impactful theme song, but it also has background music. The character is similar to Tobot Cabot. However, the faces of the characters are lively and interesting. I was very bored in the beginning of the second year of elementary school, but I enjoyed it.
2,I didn't see it ㅠㅠ The kids didn't want to see it
4,It was fun. Go watch it
6,Snow White. For babies who mix this and that
1,The reason why it's ruined is that it's okay to be PC-minded. But in order to do that, Namjoo shouldn't have come back to her original self. Women are pork and men are tall and handsome... This is not gender equality. It's reverse discrimination. It's not safe to introduce reverse discrimination as an equal movie.
5,It's childish; Shrek is a movie worth watching for adults, but it's definitely childish;;
1,It's a movie that makes you wonder if you mix Shrek and feminism
2,It is different because I am from Disney.
5,The character design and ending credit painting are Disney-like, but the face has a Korean atmosphere and is well made, but it is too insufficient in terms of direction and content. It's not a smooth and neat development like a Disney cartoon, but it feels like it's breaking up and there are many times when it's boring.
1,What kind of control is a shoe?You get fat when you take off your shoes and slim when you wear them
1,Appearanceism. Childish and shyness
5,To sum up, it was a movie with a lot of nerds and men. I'll give you 5 points because of the heroine;; I've been in a bad mood for an hour;;;;
6,It's a fun but difficult movie
1,All the people who gave me 10 points are part-timers? I'm Clementa from the animation world
4,I can only think that he's handsome because he's handsomeYou look like Jungkook of BTS. Totally handsome
1,I don't think it's made in Korea...To be honest, it's kind of weird for an adult to watch. I usually endure it and watch it well... Whenever I do something, the song comes out like a Japanese animation. The song has to come out at an important time. I tried to look at it with my childhood eyes, but I gave up
6,I heard it was made in Korea, so I paid a lot of money to watch it, but the overall level of completeness is very low compared to Disney and Pixar. There are a lot of boring parts and a lot of things I want to improve, so I'm disappointed overall. If you think it's made overseas, you'll think it's a waste of money and turn it off in the middle.T
1,It's a waste of 22 billion won...
4,The quality was certainly good for the budget, but there are still too many loopholes in the scenario. It was obvious that he tried to criticize appearanceism (endings, the main character's outer appearance, the villain, etc.) but it seemed to encourage appearanceism because it did not approach the essence of the problem. Korean animation industry, fighting...
5,It feels like an adult animation.  The reason for this is appearanceism. If you're an adult, you'll watch it for a while, but I think it'll be a wrong value for a child. Don't show the kids. The story is interesting.
4,I don't know if it's high because it's Korean...The picture is so similar to Dreamworks that it is difficult to distinguish and the composition is very poor;;
1,The video beauty was good, but the story was boring and childish. I wonder why the rating is high
3,The image beauty material was good, but the content gets boring. ㅠㅠ I almost fell asleep I think it would have been better if you put good songs in between a good movie for babies
1,I give you 1 point because the score is too high.It's going to be about 7 points.I really like the visual beauty, but the story is so childish and vulgar...That's too bad.
4,I enjoyed watching it. Except for the ones that have an animation for children
1,Disgusting to talk like it's a very special positivity that looks aren't the top priority. After all, appearanceism and lack of gender consciousness. It is a movie that is blatantly trying to teach children, but should never be seen. rubbish
1,It's much better to watch Toy Story again in time to watch this
1,Damn it! There's no content to copy the clumsy Disney, and it ends with talking about appearance from start to finish.
6,The story of the best animation movie in Korea is a bit corny, but there is a rumor that Korean dramas are pornographic. This animation is also made by Koreans, so it doesn't have that kind of development It's like a fantasy movie of Maegal. That's what I'm sorry about
6,It includes topics such as Shrek, but the delivery method is too explicit, the spirit of the scholar is buried, and the sloppyness of the Disney-conscious musical part seems to undermine the workability. Still, I applaud the technological development and new challenges of Korean animation.
6,Overall, the story and the way it unfolds are too simple.
3,The light is so bright...There's only one graphic is good.The story is not fun...Probable failure...Characters lack charm...a total mess
2,Megal's fantasy
6,Please keep your shoes on.
6,There could have been a masterpiece... That's too bad. Is it the limit of capital or the pattern of Korean animation? In the beginning, it's interesting... What's the ending?
5,Even though it's Shinto Buddhism, it's not fun at all. You don't have a good sense of humor
4,9 points or higher... I'm suspicious of your part-time job. Snow White, Princess Shrek, and Rapunzel
6,It wasn't as good as the audience's comments. There are individual differences, but those who watched it first said it was fun, but it's not me
5,I dozed off while watching.Watch the series including Toy Story, Shrek and Minions.
6,It is a typical American painting style that is very familiar to Korean animation.  Is it 100% Korean animation?
6,It's too messy. I was going to copy Disney, but I was going to Disneyland. I was trying to show you this and that idea, but the context was completely lost.
3,I got the first 3 points
6,Just 6 points. Don't overdo it. It's low level. It's not funny, forced smile, main OST is ruined, and it's made a typical Korean appearance terrestrial animation with a picture of childish Disney. The true appearance break is already done by Shrek and Princess Fiona. Princess Fiona's original self, Shrek
1,National Berry Making Project
5,Appearanceism Annie LOL
5,As a person who likes Annie, I was a little disappointed compared to my expectations.쁘I know you're pretty and handsome, but your appearance...And the most disappointing thing was the musical part It breaks my concentration.It just popped out of nowhere It feels like I'm disappearing.
3,The movie that was a dead body except for the drawing style...The background music was especially the worst.
2,It's the worst. It's a work that doesn't convey any fun, emotion, or lessons. Even the visual beauty.
3,First of all, things that are called gags are not at the level of gags. No matter how much I open it, it doesn't even reach the tip of a witty Disney gag. There's not much story either. It's like a movie that I just wanted to imitate Disney from beginning to end. The design of the video Mina is pretty. In the end, it's only glossy and has no substance.
6,I don't recommend it for middle school students or older
3,I feel like I still have a long way to go.
2,Pao Hu Kung Quang doesn't want to have hope When I saw this, I was like, "Wow, we're princes too..." Kung Quang, give up hope!
1,Appearance, appearance, and appearance... We only talk about appearance from beginning to end. Aren't you ashamed of yourself as an adult to show this to kids? Why does shame belong to the viewers? It's so unpleasant for a man to see, but it's even worse for a woman
2,I don't know where to look at this movie to see that the inside is important, not the appearance. Except for the story, I think I copied Disney well.
1,Your character is Rapunzel Did you copy it?
4,The picture is pretty and the storyline is weak
4,The story is not good, it's cheesy, and the animation is sloppy
5,It feels like I'm making a story.
6,I went to see the NAVER rating, but I regretted it. If you don't look forward to it, I think it would have been worth watching because the painting was pretty, but I guess I was expecting too much from the 9-point rating. The illustrations were so pretty, but the overall story and development line were very awkward. The message of the work is good.
6,I'd like to give you a vote that we made this much quality animation in Korea. I think the kids will like it if they see it.It is a movie that teaches a lesson to the reality that is too appearanceism.
5,I'm good at mimicking Hollywood
5,It's definitely not in the 9th grade. I'm satisfied with the graphics, but I still lack a lot of stories.
6,A movie only for children. The development is sloppy.
6,It's cute. It's cute
6,I enjoyed watching it with my 5-year-old daughter
6,It's a story that's like a mix of fairy tales
4,Childish... The female lead, male lead, and handsome...But Yeoju needs to lose some weight
6,It's funny and funny. The green dwarf's expression is so human that it's funny. Don't laugh at the adults
2,I looked forward to seeing it with my friend because the rating was good, but even when I saw elementary school students, it was childish and boring.Did all the part-timers write their ratings?I don't have a lot of stories either.I was wondering when it ended
3,I'm sure 100% of the people who overdo it are part-timers. I'm not a person who sleeps while watching a movie, but it's so flat, so obvious and simple that I yawn I fell asleep. It's such a waste of money It's such a waste
5,I guess it didn't suit my taste. The character is flat and the movement is not natural, but seems to overdo it. The content is clear, so I think it fits the role of a children's movie, but it's not a movie worth watching for men and women of all ages.
1,I was looking forward to it, but it's not funA movie that will only be fun for children up to elementary school
2,It's a movie about kids. The music is too bad. Don't look forward to it. It's just a really childish animation
1,It's a movie for kids. It's a bit childish.The character is pretty but the story is so simple
4,Don't watch it unless you're going to watch it with an elementary school student or younger. It's a movie full of clichés in my adult eyes, pretending to be smart. I want to cheer for you, but I can't. The graphics are obviously Disney-inspired, so at least make a good story...
4,I thought it was a parody of Disney's fake one. Shrek
6,I'll tell you the shortcomings. The color is too gloomy. Can't you please let me pick the color?  In addition to the hazy feeling, I feel less immersed in some scenes. Brown, dark red, yellow... Why do all these things rot?
6,9 years and 6 years old. I enjoyed it^^
1,After an hour and a half, what about the other six of the seven dwarfs?
1,I just emphasize that the animation was made by Korea. The story is just childish
6,ㄴ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^ ㄴ ^^ ^^ ㄴ ^^
4,It was a movie that I couldn't help but compare with Disney movie. It was a movie that made me want to go out. The rating is strangely too high for the quality of the movie. I think many people have the same review as me because I have heard many times that it is not fun to go out after the movie
1,I've never left a movie review, but I wanted to leave thisEven though the movie was boring, I stayed until the end and watched it, but it was hard to stay, so I went out in the middle.There were a lot of unpleasant scenes and they were so childish that I was angry. I respect the animator, but I get disappointed.
6,I don't... I don't like the song either. I saw the kid well
4,I thought it was patriotism because it was made in Korea, but adults for children said sorry to the person who asked me to watch it together so that they thought it would be better to sleep in a story that is not smooth
4,It's sloppy, from Merlin's uncompromising character personality to the characters around the protagonist, whose descriptions are poorly spent on music that pops out of context LOL The story is about a fairy tale, so it's a shame that there's no need for you, but that's too bad
6,It casts Korea on the style of the Disney painting
2,It's not fun. Don't watch it
2,No fun, no fun
1,What do you think they'll see when they grow up? Totally misogynistic and outdated
1,No more PCs on Naver...
1,I was attacked by the part-timer By story, by character,
1,It's like the end. It feels like I'm coming out of the bathroom
6,It wasn't as fun as I thought.hhh;;;
1,That's not funny 기대 I was looking forward to it. It's really not good
1,What's with the worst story? It's so long ago
2,I was so disappointed. Appearanceism...
4,Snow White Frog Prince Rapunzel Mix
4,It's childish and boring.It's just like looking at kids
6,It's like a Disney movie... Each character has a weak probability, and the story composition is weak. I can't think of any OST. It's good to watch with children, but it's easy to get bored because it's childish when adults watch it together.
6,It was made by Disney, so I watched it with my children, and I think it's a good movie to watch with them
4,YUQINGHaeng! You idiot!
6,Considering that it's a Korean animation, it's a huge improvement, but it lacks completeness. Except for Merlin, the other six played the role of Merlin's folding screen so that they couldn't even remember the name of the other six played the role of Merlin's The story behind the king who became a rabbit, the princess who cursed the f7, and Prince Abridge.It feels like it got cut off while pooping
6,The story is a bit childish in general; I can feel the difference from Disney as well as the music...
6,No matter how much I work, the box office is ruined
1,The limitations of domestic animations are clearly revealed. It's not that it's not always good or bad because it's soupy
5,Honestly, the content was so unfortunate. Personally, the music was annoying, but the good thing was that it was so good. Graphic is needless to say~ The characters were colorful and charming. I was sad that I couldn't see more charms.I'm looking forward to the Korean Annie Market. I'm rooting for you!
1,It's not fun except for the last 5 minutesㅠㅠㅠ
6,The development of Korean animation... I wish the story was a little more elaborate.
6,Simple, but not bad. It wasn'
4,I don't know why it's so highThe discomfort of the ship going to the mountain continues throughout the movie.
1,Honestly, is there a jam? Which part? I thought it was "Frozen" after the review, but it's a series of boring and serious
6,It made me realize that stories are much more important than graphics.
4,They say appearance is not important, but there are so many comments about appearance. You're ugly, but you're nice, so it's okay. If you listen to it 100 times, you wouldn't have heard the sound of grinding if I was pretty.When you come out after watching a movie. The picture is pretty, but the worldview is open, but it feels blocked.
1,Snow White 7 dwarf + Shrek + Beauty can watch a movie because it is painful.
6,Then, the kids enjoyed watching it
6,I was going to watch Chloe Moretz, but there's a lot of dubbing
2,It's so boring and forced smile...
1,I looked forward to it, but it's childish and not fun. The story is obvious and there's no lesson
2,An animation created by the planner with outdated grinds
1,People around me didn't recommend it.
4,It's fun, but the story is not goodGraphic has improved a lotThinking
1,Red shoes are so childish
6,Childish Ppongjjak. Design. The main characters are all pretty and cool, but the storyline was boring and boring.
1,The story isn't likely, it's mixed up, the gag code doesn't resonate at all (the movie theater atmosphere is cold all the time). I've never had a funny part) The production is tacky and above all, my head is throbbing because of the loud and loud BGM.
1,No wonder it was ground up, but it was a Korean movie. It's an animation that pretends to be superficial and tightens the appearance corsets. The movie shows the typical Asian country's backward consciousness of reproducing appearanceism by showing the favorable treatment of children who know nothing about being pretty.
4,The video was good, but the content was so bad.
6,The visual beauty is good, but...I think the storyline is a little sloppyI was a little disappointed that some troops were cut off because I was worried that the screening time would be longerStill, one of the videos is outstanding, so I hope there will be more advanced animation in terms of content next time.
1,In many ways, it's the worst...
1,The content is very... That's the way it is
2,I was disappointed because I got a GPAThe video is Disney-level, but the storyline is unlikely and childish, so it's not recommended for adults to watchThe movie that made me feel how well Toy Story, Underdog, etc. made the movie.Don't believe in ratings.
4,The visual beauty was pretty and good. The beauty of the video didn't fill in the gaps like Ost and story, so it was less fun for an hour and a half ㅠㅠ
1,There are so many part-timers in the comments. I feel that Korean animation can never keep up with Disney. It's a really bad movie for young children, such as unlikely stories, sexual harassment, and sexual discrimination.  Don't ever look. What a waste of money
1,Sexism is awesome. I understand why Korea can't grow into anime
6,I tried hard for Korean Annie...Compared to Disney, the characters' charms, music, and stories are not as unique as they are
4,It seems inevitable that the heroine looks so much like Disney princesses that she compares them to Disney movies. I keep thinking about Rapunzel, whether it's homage or follow-up.I think I paid attention to one scene, but the movie was not smooth at all and was cluttered. Anyway, I don't really...
1,It's a waste of even 1 point for an indifferent sexist movie
6,I really enjoyed it~~^^*
4,It's childish and boring, but princesses are pretty
6,with a twist of the wrong way
1,It's a story with a cliche and a cliche ending with Snow White and Rapunzel
5,I am an adult who loves animation.Honestly, I don't know why I'm getting so many compliments.I guess I was looking forward to it too much
2,Even the babies who were in the hall of dog boredom were cold
1,The story was fun, but Raon's name didn't come out. Because of that, 9 points are deducted
6,It's mixed with Snow White!
1,If it's not Disney, don't misunderstand
6,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot...
6,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot...
1,Weave. No complaccompanied. Just the same color, boring, not creative at all
6,I recommend it if it's worth watching
6,It was a bit boring for adults, but the kids loved it
1,Like a Chinese plastic surgery beauty. Strange
1,I wish domestic animations would come back to life.I was hoping, but it's just not...I understand why you've been criticized by other countries.The same storytelling technique 30 years ago...
6,I was disappointed because I thought it was Disney, but I was surprised because it was Korean
4,Who said it was more fun than Coco?The intention of the theme of appearanceism was good, but the story was less relevant and the ending was ambiguous. The voice actors' dubbing skills and the OST of dubbing felt like watching Sophie Ruby...It's funnier than Coco. I watched it after the review, but it's less than the expectation pole
5,Some are good, some are bad
4,I think the quality was really good for a Korean animation movie. But the content is so childish, obvious, and fun for children, but it is a childish movie for middle and high school students.
1,It's embarrassing to say that it's Korean animation.
1,It's not fun. I don't understand why people make this because they watch Korean animation
6,It was obvious and sloppy.  The technology isn't all that bad
2,The storyline is perfect for Shrek. Well, now even animation seems to be falling behind China.
2,My child never wants to show me a movie dress shoes make-up pretty close-up The strongest witch in the world wants to have that power but she can only change her appearance and struggle Avengers movie tells me so much They said I look the best and this is pretty
1,Korean people don't believe it no matter how much they try to do public opinion. Does 9.32 GPA make sense?LOL One critic is very suspicious.^^
4,I went after the review, but it wasn't that fun. The development was boring.ㅠㅠ I look at the clock a few times... The kid is saying it's fun
3,I was a little bored by the obvious story
6,It's fun, but... k.I'll help you because you're pretty There are a lot of talk about appearance. Is it just me who is uncomfortable?
4,As if you're only concerned about technology
1,I'm ready to be criticized. First of all, the graphic is natural and good, but the story is not so Please take out the soup and give me a rating It's not a nine point movie... There is a lesson, but the story is not good
1,Is it just me? It's really boring.
5,Don't do that, Pyeongsik.
1,That's so childish.
6,Whether it's a Korean or a foreign animation, the most basic story is a story, but it seems to be a combination of stories like many fairy tale reinterpretation movies that have been boring and failed for several years. The criticism of appearanceism is fresh, but the texture is sloppy
2,I recommend that adults not watch it I looked at the ratings with my girlfriend and came out laughing
1,Ratings below Lie ㅇㅅㅇ
2,I don't know if it'll be fun at the eyes of children, but I'm sleepy at the eyes of adults, by the way, there are a lot of comments here
1,If it's not fun, just watch it if you have a baby
6,I want to see it with subtitles! Please increase the number of theaters!
6,I watched it with my kids, and it's just like them.
6,I thought it was a masterpiece, but I didn't expect it. It looks like it's going to go down, but it's not as fun as a nine-point rating.
4,Neither I nor my daughter had much fun.
6,Anime-compliant movie, but editing/effectiveness and music stayed on the Tuniverse level. Korean animation is always welcome, but considering the production cost of 22 billion won and the precedent of "Flapping Flapping," it is regrettable.
6,I'm not looking at it slanted. It was a bit childish Only elementary school students will like it
1,I was surprised to see the score It's not fun. It's like I just copied Disney. It's just appearanceism. It's sloppy. Not red shoes, but red straw shoes
6,The message from the movie was disappointing. It was more like a game than a movie.
6,The kids. They enjoyed it
5,A good movie for babies
4,I must have been looking forward to it so much!
2,It was a bit childish for an adult(Crying
6,It was nice to see the combination of Disney and Korean characters
6,In the beginning, there were some serious lines of appearanceism.I was embarrassed because it was cheap.
2,I watched it because I like animation. The story is tailored to the age of seven.It's a long way to go to catch up with Disney movies. I think it's better to watch "Lion King"
6,It's fun. Recommendations The kids like it
1,The story is so boring ㅠㅠ
1,It's not fun. It's disgusting.Kimchi war is much better.Korean animation is impossible to evolve.
4,Honestly, isn't this Shrek plagiarizing? Can I do this?
6,It's fun, but... The content is sloppy and I think it's at the level of children's eyes. For a high school senior who likes childish movies, the song was good to listen to, but I think it's not that meaningfulㅜㅜ Many part-timers left comments about the reviews
1,No fun comment. Part-time job is coming. ㅠㅠ
1,horse imitations of farmers and herdsmen in southern China
6,When it comes to princesses, pretty people do it... That was new, but I can't give you a high score because the settings are everywhere. It's not that fun, so it's a waste of money.
5,The overall storyline is lacking and unlikely. The dubbing voice was so small that I couldn't hear it well. I look forward to better Korean animation in the future. That's too much compared to the recent Toy Story 4.
2,Connect stories that you've seen before in a sloppy way. What a waste of time.
4,Part-time job in the comments. What's this?
4,It's a great painting  The directing skills are really boring I dozed off in the middle
6,I didn't mean it was totally fun. He said he was scared and sleepy in the middle, and when I asked him afterwards, he said it was fun.
6,The quality is satisfactory. However, the lesson of looking inside, not the appearance, and the way you solve it, isn't it obvious?
1,It's not funny from the preview. I thought it was an old man's joke
4,I feel proud that Korean animation is developed like this, but I don't know what the content is about.It's definitely a good material, but I think I failed to solve it. There's no probability. Recommended for killing time when there's no movie to watch
3,In terms of Korean animation, it was more complete than I thought, but I don't know what the topic is about, and it's not likely... I was really looking forward to it, but I was so disappointed ㅠㅠ
5,It's a piece of work that I'm really sad about.Of course, kids enjoy watching it Haha
6,A flat piece that's not up to Disney's level. The story resembles Shrek, and adults think that the transition is not smooth, or that conversation and humor are childish. There was a bit of disappointment in the detail of the graphic. But it wasn't a bad movie overall.
1,It's not fun. I'm disappointed
6,The visual beauty was really good, but the content was so childish that I got goosebumps.It feels like all clichés are gathered together Personally, the song was a bit tacky, too I was disappointed when I saw the trailer and looked at the trailer.
1,It's Korean Annie, but she speaks English. With American actors at the forefront, Korean is dubbed.  The trailer was also in English, so it is no different from a nut job peanut thief.  If there's a Korean step in the ending credit, is it a Korean animation? Too bad. Korean-speaking underdogs are better.
6,Is it the limit of imagination... It's just an elementary school story. The graphics were excellent.
6,I feel that the problem of Korean movies is not CG. Even if you are next to a major studio in the U.S., you will find an output that you can't beat. But the problem is the director and the script. Unknowable outcome and probability...
5,This is how you rate people who haven't even seen it
1,There were a lot of positive reviews on the internet, so I saw the red shoes today, and I realized that everyone was a part-timer in the comments. I couldn't make it, but I made a lot of mistakes. While I was busy, I took the time to watch it on purpose because it was a domestic animation, but it was a waste of time and I was angry.
4,The comments are saying, "Isn't it a part-time job?I just watched it because it was such a waste of money. I was fooled by the comment that said Snow White Aladdin JjamppongT
1,My girlfriend wanted to come and see me, but I lost all my money
2,I heard it was a Korean movie, so I went there and the story was all mixed up, so I just slept. That's my personal opinion. Don't you have any dogs terrorizing in private?
1,Detective Conan's theatrical series deliberately rating 1 point terrorists purposely rating 1 point terrorists to enlighten those who go around
1,I slept while watching a movie for the first time in my life.
1,The movie was just so-Honestly, it's like a cartoon for kids. I should have seen Lion King or Spider-Man.
4,Ah... I made the visual beauty pretty well... Why does the story look like this? I couldn't get out of the Tayo sensibility, and it's a very sad movie in many ways. It's not the level of adults watching, and I wonder if the kids are getting infected with appearanceism after watching this kind of movie...
1,I can't believe this topic is still coming out
6,First, the material was good material was good. However, it was so cheesy that I felt like I was opening up pores all over my body. The material was so good, but the story was not good enough, so the movie was very disappointing. Personally, I like animation, so of course I watch all kinds of Disney movies, but honestly, it was hard
6,Video production technology is no match for anyone. However, the characteristics of the story and character are lacking and the music is very disappointing. I think I'll have to write a story for 20 years to catch up with Disney today. I heard it's the first of Sidus' animation. I'm looking forward to the future
1,I agree that it was made well for a Korean movie.But it is so Korean to make a movie with this theme in this era. The movie I would have been mad if I watched it with my child
2,Honest review. From start to finish, the story was so childish and boring. I was disappointed because I thought it was a Disney movie, but it wasn't Disney. It's a story that I thought I was watching an animation during "Catch Me."14 people (adult, child) I saw together I don't like it. I feel like I'm fooled by the reviews
1,It's a very unrealistic story. It depends on what you think.
1,I guess the part-time job runs every 20 minutes I came to see the ratings and saw the comments are all over the place
1,Stop rigging the assessment. How many times do you post the same comment? Don't you have any pride of a producer who wants to win the movie and get honest opinions from the audience?
1,Oh, my. The screenplay and the visual are all mixed up like all the success stories of the past. It's a mess
1,People who cried and laughed so hard after watching this movie, are you serious? Where in the world I'm so curiousㅠㅠㅠㅠ Maybe I should watch the movie again... Aside from everything else, I think it's an unprecedented mess with a storyline that's not likely or fun.I was so disappointedI'm sorry
1,It's not fun because it's a mix of obvious Korean drama story lines
4,The video is good, but it's so boring that it's unfortunate. Can't you make Korean animation more interesting? It's not a painting exhibition crying
1,Dwarfs peeking at the main character changing clothes and throwing them around to take off his shoes. A movie that was criticized so much that it was on the news abroad. No matter how many times you reverse the synopsis, why would you watch a director with such an idea? I can't believe I'm watching it with my kids.
2,Everyone says it's fun, but honestly, I didn't like it. I wonder if it's a part-time job in the comments. It's so childish and so predictable.
2,It's the worst mess ever.
4,The directing was really bad, but did you already solve the part-time job in the comments? It's probably a good reputation for being made in Korea, but Disney and DreamWorks are the best ㅠㅠ
4,It's fun. Jummalu. Go watch it
1,I don't like this. Don't show them
2,It's just a combination of a traditional Korean romance with Snow White. That's what you can see I was going to give him 1 point, but he said it was a Korean animation, so I gave him 1 more point What a waste of money
2,It's the first time I've ever slept in a movie theater. It's a personal opinion of the Enlightenment
1,I recommend looking at Aladdin one more time with comments from part-timers
6,I thought the main character was red shoes, but it's Merlin. Red shoes just look like a heroine. It would have been better if Red Shoes had been more proactive.
6,It's rated higher than Aladdin, Lion King... well, not all part-timers or officials.
2,The story goes too far. The level of weaving of Snow White's stories. No matter how much I wanted to convey the message that inner self is important, I don't think it's right. So many people talk about their looks and think about what they'll feel. I watched it because it was a preview. A movie I wouldn't pay for
1,Gukppong! Stop being hateful part-timers. Is this a movie?
1,There are quite a few Rockers employees.Hah!
6,I enjoyed it
2,It was good to try to combine visual effects such as colorful colors like Disney animation with native animation, but the storyline goes to the second half of the storyline, EBS children's fairy tales...I think the subject is also controversial. I'm sorry to say this, but I look forward to the development of Korean animation
1,How can you be so good looking from start to finish? I sighed a lot in the beginning, but I thought it would get better in the end. But even the last line...You're the top movie that made me frown the whole time
1,.... I recommend that you don't go over 7 years old
1,I will never watch Korean comics again because it's a waste of money. I'll never see a Korean cartoon again
1,The first movie that came out during the screening... Golden hands who are good at making videos made movies without planning... It lacks a lot of probability symbolism. It's an unnecessary line, BGM, and there are too many scenes. "Only the video." I made it well.
1,The video quality was really bad, so I just threw away my eyes.I told my mom that the kids weren't having fun in the main building, so I told her to go out -- I saw four teams going out, but it was a waste of money, so I watched about half of them
1,A story like this in this days? It was a pity that I showed this movie to my daughter without a dictionary knowledge, and she said, "I want to be slim and pretty like Princess Red Shoes in those shoes."~"Don't you know why Aladdin is so popular?"Don't ever show your daughter
6,Um... Actually, I thought of Disney's animation like Rapunzel or Frozen. Korean animations are Korean animations. I think it's YooA. I went to see it with my friend, but I couldn't tell how many times my hands and feet were cringed because of the lack of horsepower.
6,If you think it's childish, it's okay. If it's okay, it's childish. I have a lesson not to be limited to appearance, but in important scenes, everyone is handsome and even
2,Why is there only dubbing? You've only advertised with subtitles.
1,This was fun? The music that breaks the flow, and the scenes that repeat over and over again make me bored and show my intentions so openly that it's hard to see and talk about one thing too much as the second halfThe next episode is full of predictive scenes
1,What do you mean 10 points part time job? I won't show the children the movie that promotes appearanceism. And when you take off your shoes, the chainsaw? (Crying)
