오베라는 남자
5,There is something touching, but the boredom of the storytelling suppresses the touching side.
6,I was so impressed with the book and it left a long lingering impression However, it was a pity that there were many things that were omitted and changed in the movie because it couldn't capture the whole story
5,The movie is very sleepy.
6,There was a movie that was very similar in material, but I can't remember the title. If the movie was rough, this movie is soft. Where people live, there are always conflicts with incomprehensible things. Would it be a little more harmonious if I knew that everyone had that kind of story?
1,Your score is too high. Selfish old man's story
1,A little touching but boring movie
4,I don't understand why this movie isn't popular these days.-; This movie is just like the daily life of ordinary people
6,a so-so movie
6,The story of a man who was about to die because he had no reason to live anymore.
1,Swedish films are always missing 2 per cent
6,It was boring. In between, the unlikely characters and situations broke my immersion
4,Maybe it's because I read the novel, but it's a movie with a lot of regrets about the flow of thoughts, emotional descriptions, and details in the novel - although that's the case with the original. I recommend you to read it in a book
5,I don't know if it's because I read a book...I was disappointed.I don't think I've been able to bring out the touching part.And besides old Ove and young Sonja, I was surprised by their poor acting
6,I thought something big was going to happen, but it was very casual, but the second half was still fun.
6,I don't know the original, but the movie is not good enough
4,A Nordic uplifted version of "Can't Be Better" starring Jack Nicholson, but more docile, sentimental, pleasing to the eye, and moving.The reason why I cry more and more stubborn when I get older...Because I'm lonely.Europe's Better Neighbourhood We're competing to build a wall between our neighbors
6,I was thinking of reading a novel, but I watched a movie and it was not as good as I expected. It was a bit loose and old man Obe was frustrating the whole time.
6,Actors who shine even in obvious stories
6,The expression is a bit childish, but it's a touching movie.Hah!
1,Maybe it was a problem to watch a movie first, but it's the first time I really wanted to turn it off after watching a movie It's a waste to download it for 4,000 won. The most impressive thing while reading the book was the emotion line of a character named Ober, but without that, it was like making a movie
5,Typical characters...But... What's the cat role?
6,a film with a gentle ring
1,There's a lot of albe. I don't understand it's funny. That's pretty much a stretch. It's like a movie made without thinking about what to do in Korea and what to do if you kill someone. It's like a movie made with the thought of making it into a movie.
3,I think I've seen this before.
5,the coldness of northern Europe
6,As expected, it's less touching than a book.
6,I like honest people like Obe...
6,Systems and human groups that are different in nature and social landscape, but not so unfamiliar.
3,It's not as fun as I thought.
6,Make sure you watch it. The book... I guess there's a limit to capturing the charm of the characters that the book gives in videos
1,I'm not good at concentrating. Something's missing
5,It's not comical, it's not touching, it's just a lesson to be with the neighbors near Obe's house, rather than alone
6,Perhaps because of the tremendous empathy and emotion that I felt in the book, I thought it was a summary of the plot
6,I knew this would happen before.
6,Gran Turin's backward compatibility
6,It was fun, but I wasn't impressed. Sweden and Korea, the welfare paradise, are lonely.
4,The main character's grandfather is handsome, and the main character has big front teeth. Thank you for the SAAB transformation.
6,I'm so touched, Mr. Obae^^
4,It's a waste of money to watch... It's just a calm movie.
2,While watching the movie, did the director watch the original novel?That's what I suspected^^; Important lines and important scenes are all omitted, and the character setting is very different from the novel.
6,The story is about a disgruntled and unlikable grandfather who dies after reconciling with the worldI think it's too calm these days when stimulating and commercial movies are rampant, but it was a good movie because it was about us and our neighbors
6,It was okay. It wasn't that funIt's just a life movie
2,I thought it would be fun to watch a book, not a movie. To adjust the balance,
5,Some audiences laugh that the humor code or director's taste in Northern Europe is not right for me, but I honestly find the setting and lines childish and none of them were fun.
1,It was the first time I really wanted to come out while watching a movie.It was a movie where I thought I would be moved and had high expectations
6,A new story that seems familiar to me that a selfish, maverick old man changes nicely because of people around him
6,I watched it because the reviews were so good around me.  I justIt was just worth watching Time to understand the people we call "kkondae"?    It was just an obvious story and an obvious touching story.   I think it's a movie where you can watch it with your family
1,One point is a waste. It's the worst. It's obvious and very boring. I thought it was a three-hour show. I almost dozed off
6,It was more boring than I thought. It was calm and worth watching
5,The content is good, and the video is good.But it's not fun.a film that doesn't hit home
5,If you read it in a book, I recommend you not to read it. Compared to the original, there are many parts that are roughly described or omitted, and it feels like it is suddenly finished. Obe's tsundere, which made me smile in the original, was less prominent
6,The unique charm of Swedish movies, similar to the old man over the window. I roughly handled the abbreviated story in the latter part, but it's okay. Lee Daeng Ball is so pretty and charming.
6,It's like a movie about a 100-year-old man who ran away through a window.It's generally boring.
1,How did you make such a good original that you couldn't even catch up with half of it? I want to remember only the obe in my memory before watching the movie.
3,V-bem? Yes, yes, yes, yes
4,The main characters' image is unnatural because they read the book first as a book is much better
