바이센테니얼 맨
5,A robot with intelligence and curiosity. Maybe that's why he looks like a human being, and he's very smart and does what he tells him. As the second half went on, robots wanted to become humans and had feelings. Although he did not enjoy freedom like humans due to his existence as a robot, he still showed no difference from humans in that he was enjoying his own freedom regardless of his owner. Robots that transplant artificial skin, become humanized, and die like humans. I'm a little teary.
1,I have a fiancé. Does kissing make sense?
1,Everyone, look at the book The moment you read the book, your stars will fall.
2,A nation of leapfrogging delusions
6,I don't think it's such a masterpiece. What I felt while watching it reminded me of the saying that if goodwill continues, I think it's a right. If you want to express it in a movie that lasts only two hours, you can't help but draw it in more detail. I was amazed by your makeup skills
6,The disgust that the robot felt when it wanted to be human. In it, the idea was based on the robot theme. If this future comes, wouldn't I treat robots like my first daughter?
1,Nino Road is a place where you can't believe it.
1,Rich in high-pressure experience.
6,There's no calm, intense sense of urgency or narrative that makes you cry But it is warm I was able to get immersed in the story quietly
6,Dirty... Others say it's a masterpiece, but I only think that robots are machines
1,I was looking forward to it, but I can't get into it as I started talking about love.;; I feel like I've gone too far.
1,The rating... 8.5 is just right.  And I thought it would have been better if the little lady had ended by the time she died.
6,It's a movie I haven't seen in a year, but it's always impressive. It's a movie of love between a robot and a human being who wants to be an emotional person like a human being and live life together. ^^
4,I can't believe you believe in Omnics. The people here are idiots.
2,Why isn't there a movie called OOOO?
2,Why isn't there a movie called OOOO?
1,a lack of probability an emotional film
1,It's my first time registering for a GPA in my life. I was almost terrified that 77% of the rating was ☆ x5 and ☆ x1 was only 2%. It's boring, it's boring, it's boring. It's too obvious what you're trying to say. I can tell after watching the movie for about 10 minutes. But it's too long. The development is disgustingly boring
1,I don't want to see it as an unexpected spoiler.
3,The temperature difference between the first and second half is severe
4,That's not good. The story, too.
1,What's this? The main information storyline has the ending... I read the plot and watched a whole movie.
1,It's so unrealistic that it's pathetic. It's not even interesting. A movie that deals with robots in a pathetic way. It's the worst for personal taste. Money and time are such a waste. It's been a while since I saw a trash movie.
6,I'm a big fan of Robin Williams, but this movie is a bit off. At that time, neither the overseas nor the domestic evaluation of the movie was very positive ;;
1,I knew I was going to die of sleep watching
1,Robots have girlfriends
6,I was so touched that I was about to burst, and then all of a sudden, it was love fun;;;;I tried to leave a touching moment, but the impact fell. And I feel like I've turned into a human being in a hurry to save money on production;;; not with Andrew family.
6,A frame of emotion you know.
1,My personality is a bit of a lud, but I lost this movie
5,Robots who want to feel emotions like humans are fine, but the cliche and slow progression are disappointing.
5,I was the only one who felt like, "What is this?" It was boring and bland
4,Well, it didn't really hit home. It feels like I'm going too far. I think it would have been more lingering if I had ended the little girl at first. And I couldn't relate because I acted like a human
1,You went too far
5,I was appalled by the machine that looked over human beings. What if he was a bad robot? So, I couldn't relate to the development of the second half and I couldn't understand it
2,A machine that wants to copy everything human.I'm not touched
4,a film less than half the size of one's reputationOnce I saw it, I was moved, twice I was disgusted. Especially the love of her granddaughter and the disgusting robot trying to look human.
6,Touching but a bit cliche and childish for expectations
5,Why was I so bored... I barely watched it at triple the speed
1,It doesn't suit me.
5,Android deal
4,a well-intentioned fairy tale
6,I'm disappointed compared to be disappointed
5,No matter how many years it was released, this is a very overrated movie
5,The story itself is good, but... The production is...
4,This is not a humanistic film, a fatal misunderstanding. It didn't end up being human.
1,It's a waste of even one star... I lost my time. a movie that was taken in by ratings
6,I can't believe this movie's rating is over 9. NAVER...
5,Unlike the original, it emphasized romance too much, and although it was divided into likes and dislikes, it was forcedly moved
5,They say it's a good movie, but I didn't feel it
5,Thank God Andrew doesn't have the 'ambitious' feeling.
4,It's a good story, but I don't think it's directed well.
6,It's creepy that robots replace humans
6,Pinocchio's robot version of "Wanted to be a Human"
6,A robot that is more human than human. Would it be a good thing if such a future came?
1,Excessive rating... Just a movie worth watching
1,Until the middle...I thought I made it well and it was fun, but at the end, I suddenly became a person
6,Robin Williams' performance stands out in the story of a robot who wants to be human
6,I want to be human too.
5,It was okay at first, but it's getting worse
2,Kazan's screenplay, sentimental commitment to awkward and disgusting lines
4,I'm going to follow the standard procedure without anyways.  But that's a flaw.
2,an uninteresting, far-fet
4,I'm the only one who feels like a bad work? I fell in love with the person I loved and my granddaughter who looked exactly like me.
5,It's just a movie. It's a little childish. Not for adults. For elementary or middle school students?
1,It's not supposed to happen. It's not funny at all --;;;ㅡㅡ;;;
1,I thought a movie that was a waste of time would be sad
4,excessive imagination, excessive imagination
4,I thought it was a horror movie just by looking at the poster
1,It's not that touching... It's just boring...
1,Why the hell did he cast that old Robin Williams -_- all the time
5,A significant front. A robot human being who takes a step forward as he has more ideas.
4,좋아요.
3,No technology can make life artificially The present and the future...
1,It's perfect for a drama.
6,I made a good movie, but I can't watch robot act like a human being because it is disgusting
6,As the second half goes on, I feel more and more uncomfortable.If you persevere, you'll see it until the end.
1,I think I saw it.
6,It's far from the best movie, but it's a touching movie
6,It's fun
6,We prepared robots to learn about humanism
5,At first, it was fun, but then it got boring
5,It's fun, but it's a little boring
3,I could only think of 3PO.
6,a mere imagination And forced humanism
4,I looked forward to it too much ㅜㅜ I could have made it better
1,It's fun, but these days, if you hit a movie on TV, you get 10 points
1,It's not touching and the content is boring.
1,그들은 마침내 우리를 죽일 것이다.
1,There is no such thing as this.
6,The science fiction story of Pinocchio's machine who wants to be human
5,No way, no matter how far into the future, you can't build a robot that has a life span similar to that of a human being
2,Convenience for robots or robots for convenience. an unprovoked rebellion
1,Man-made tin robots find freedom and work.You don't work? Oh, my God.Absurd.
1,I don't know. I'll start later I'm just looking.
1,It's a Dish Inside trick. / Disappointed. / Don't be fooled
5,A list of irresponsible chronologies... Did it have to be this boring?
1,I've never seen such a forced and obvious story in my life.Where's the $100 million?
6,I watched a lot on TV. It's a good movie. It's somewhat profound. It makes me feel life
1,It's not labor.
6,to see irritation between emotion and forced emotion
6,네 알겠습니다
5,Sometimes it's funny, but it makes me keep looking at the clock
1,Top
5,There's nothing special except touching.
2,I don't know.
6,A warm family movie
2,For the Children
1,- It's going up because cable TV is doing it. - It's not worth even one point
5,I'm just touched
2,... I'm touched that it can't last long.
1,a movie after watching it
1,It's not my cup of tea. It wasn't fun
1,Let's stop fooling around with ratings
5,He is human because he is human in nature.The movie itself isn't that...
5,I slept without seeing the last 10 minutes.
6,In the end, it's just human thought
6,Is it because it's been a while since we saw each other?I don't think it's 10 points.Anyways, fun 3
5,It seems like we've seen each other for several years, but I still remember it
2,It's so boring
6,The movie that left out the most important "fun"!
4,What's this?
3,I acknowledge the calm emotion, but can a radish be a reason?
6,I'm not that impressed, but I'm okay
6,The result was worse than I expected
5,The subject of artificial love is fun, the content is fun, and overall, it's recommendable to recommend
