자산어보
2,What is this? It's before the release, but it's already previewed. It's not the beginning of March. It's the end of March. How did I see it? It's weird
4,These days, I fell in love with Mr. Sunshine and found out while looking for his work. The tight development and production are a bit disappointing.
4,What a coincidence, Seol Kyung-gu is a Catholic.
6,Why don't humans know where to go?
1,Confucian Taliban + dog reading = No fun
4,It is criticizing the 21st century style of columnar style for the political turmoil of the dynasty. And the awkward humor in the face of the downfall is annoying. Black and white was just to save money.
2,I opened my eyes wide to see history, but what I saw was politics. Just sleep
5,Hmm... I don't know. I just...
5,I don't know the rating of 9 points, the quality of the work, etc. but the movie is so boring
1,Black and white is supposed to have a restrained beauty, but there are many light lines and the story doesn't show the depth of black at all It's a copied Korean movie that you can see everywhere and see the same actor in color
5,It's like... It's kind of course.
6,deal with Jeong Yak-jeon and the times like ink-and-wash paintings that burn without a chroma
6,The visual beauty is good, but it was a bit boring
6,It looks like an ink painting, but director Lee Joon-ik's safe move is unfortunate
2,....typical bromance fantasy
1,If it weren't for black million, I'd watch a movie I can't stand it
6,The movie that you should watch with your heart
2,It's hard to see black and white. Register more than 10 characters except for the space
2,Everything is black and white
6,The in-depth scholar of fish was weaker than expected.
5,If it had been a book, it might have gained a global biological reputationAll right.
6,Changdae Diary is likely to be more depressing than Jasanbo.
6,It's not 7 points, but 6.5 is appropriate. It's just a little exile story There is a lack of attractive episode base in the story of making Asset Abo
6,I didn't study when I was in school, so I listened to Jeong Yak-jeon for the first time. Director Lee Joon-ik or a movie you'll never see
6,He criticized Zhuism, but this movie is the most so. At some point, Lee Joon-ik's movie is like that. an ironic phenomenon
1,It doesn't feel like the Joseon Dynasty at all, and the acting of the background props is all of them! Is that why it's black and white?LOL
5,Jeong Yak-jeon's intention to be a pragmatist and want equal Joseon was conveyed well, but it seems that he had to include romance with a widow that was not even in history.
4,Something is missing. As expected, the story is important in the movie, and that's too bad. It's like a net with a string tied loosely and nothing is left.
6,The casting, acting, and directing were good, but the story was a bit boring. Lack of wit and touching points.
6,Changdae laughed and ripped his ears while washing them! Obstruction of immersion (due to the tone, intonation, and speed of speech) due to snow Gyeong-gu until the beginning and the middle. Woojin's acting was good, too. You have a better sense of humor. (Seobok was a bit clumsy...) Except for Seol Kyung-gu, he looked like a character in the drama. I liked it. It seems like Seol Kyung-gu, an actor who only plays Seol Kyung-gu. That's the jade t-shirt
3,Boring and boring. I don't like Seol Kyunggu
1,I like Lee Joon-ik's movies, but...Great casting and great acting. But did I have to stick to black and white?Too much emphasis on the artistic side has lost the fun.A movie is a movie only when it has basic fun. What is the difference between black and white movies and novel books in the 21st century? I give you 1 point for the rating balance. The score I want to give is 6.
6,I watched it on IPTV, the story of Jeong Yak-jeon and OO people Chang-chang. After watching it, I was more curious about OO Chang-chang's story. As we worry about celebrities the most, I was worried about the poor life and life of Chang-dae family rather than death
1,
1,I smell it on my GPA.
5,Not funny
6,I want to go to Heuksando Island once. This is because I was curious about the last step of Jeong Yak-jeon.
6,It's just so-so
1,What makes a movie black and white? It was frustrating the whole time I watched it.Confucianism in China was not my favorite movie. A work that was very different from my taste.
1,It's not bad, but it's not a 9 point movie, so I'll give you 1 point. 8.2 would be enough
1,I had an affair tonight
4,From Cine 21 critic Pyung-gi to Yong-chul...Everyone's writing good reviews. Is it black and white from start to finish? Seol Kyung-gu has become a character that can never escape from steel. Shout out, "I want to go back!" The marriage between Lee Jung Eun and Seol Kyung Gu in the drama... It's a movie that reminded me of the power of Lee Jung-eun, a woman of Oscar who transcends convention. I'm so happy that Do-hee got a guarantee while doing Jeong Dae-man
6,It saved a material that seemed to be boring at all. It is also good to stimulate the curiosity behind history.
6,I think you're talking about a country that doesn't care about its own people because they're chasing Chinese dreams.
4,I watched it at 1.5x speed because I was bored.
1,Why is it black and white? If not...
3,It was good, but I wonder if I had to ride the Femi Coin.
4,How can you compare Jasanbo and Mokminsimseo and make Jasanbo movies based on the logic of Mokminsimseo...Rather, I think it would have been better to save Jasanbo by taking a picture of each fish after going through a historical test.
4,Chang-dae is not a child, but he knows everything about the world, so he orders what he really is and does what the senior citizens tell him to do. People at the time know that the earth is round
1,Oh, my. I looked at the ratings
2,I've been getting a lot of news about the cancer of the pastor's church lately
6,I enjoyed it. I was so bored
6,Good story and theme. It's just a movie that could have been more sophisticated. What's a little childish is the lack of competence of the director. Only the blue bird's color and the color conversion at the end are too cliché now. Changbong's story in Naju is lacking in moderation and is too new. The humor code itself is good, but there are some parts that are excessive.
6,Everyone has his own bluebird
2,This low-level movie has a rating of more than 9! Of course, I don't understand what the identity of the alternative medicine is, and Lee Joon-ik is just talking nonsense with a tool that doesn't make people into people, and Shinpa and Self-Defense, which are the dirty characteristics of Korean movies are so dirty! You used to say arson, right? Their own film, which is completely blocked from the outside world, is a waste of money! Since it's a digital world, they wouldn't have paid for the film! A combination of crude photographs that make you feel the people of this country's seeds!
1,Korean movies have 9 points. It's not that bad. I'm not satisfied with Seol Kyung-gu and Kim Yo-han's acting.
1,Sigh... Stop it. It's so touching
6,It is neat and clean like a wise scholar, like a black and white screen with high resolution. The compulsion to say and to be right is contained throughout the story like a nobleman of Neo-Confucianism, so it is uncomfortable and the movie is plain. Why do you have to do this? I understand the director's interest and attitude in humanities.
2,
2,The actors are good and the acting is good, but the directing is not very meaningful  He didn't complete the book after him, and what he wanted to say was just a great man?
6,You're so good at acting.But honestly, it's not that fun
6,The images spread out in black and white looked calm and beautiful. I enjoyed watching it.
6,Changdae, who chose the ending of "Live As You Look," is it just a propaganda? As if Mokminsimseo is the title, the story of Jeong Yak-jeon collapses.
1,Socialism is buried secretly. All human beings are equal. Really? Do people who split their time in minutes and sociopath criminals have to be equal? Am I too extreme? All individual efforts are different and all contributions to society are not the same, but all are treated the same? Please stop deluding people with culture.
5,The character is a typical feeling that I've seen before. A movie with a story that has no room for immersion or twist. There is a sense that actors with excellent acting skills, black and white, and beautiful backgrounds have been wasted.
1,What's the book of fish? It's pathetic. You can say JASANUBO
1,I wish this kind of movie would stop coming out. That's too much
4,It's calm. It's not worth watching in theaters. It's just so-so. Third, it's like green tea
6,I thought there would be more study and consideration about fish as the title looked like Jasan fish, but it just feels like a spearboard mine.There is a regret that I tried to put too much in, but eventually I couldn't put anything in properly.
6,A masterpiece that ruined the hard true story of medicine and medicine with the obvious anguish and obvious return of Chang-dae, the only fiction that came out of the author's head. The colors of black and white and blue birds were also boring, and Schindler smirked at the thought of the director who would have been impressed alone in the last color change scene.
4,Out of place in the 21st century
1,You can just watch the Snowball movie on OCN in a few months
1,Once Choi Min-sik, Song Kang-ho, Han Seok-kyu, and Kim Yoon-seok (now all under Lee Byung-hun in the New World), Seol Kyung-koo, an actor, said goodbye to first director Kang Woo-seok, and ended his third birthday three times when he sold Ferry Sewol. Kang Chul-joong, Korea's first 10 million actor, is no longer here. On the contrary, he is far behind Kim Yoon-seok, who is far behind him. Unable to manage one's value, one's personality and ransom by himself. I won't expect any more from Seol Kyung-gu. Were you a movie star who made you a nine-point Albazil and ranked you in the box office? Tower, I've loved you so much, but you're not saying that since you met SYS Phew, I'll give you a whiplash.)
5,[Who wants to watch this movie?] 1. Who has a favorite actor 2. Who has a historical background 3. Who's interested in talking about assets 4. I don't want to recommend this movie. It's not that I don't like it     I really like movies, but I almost fell asleep while watching a movie for the first time
2,You're deluded, but you don't seem to be looking for a black and white, and you don't have to choose between art and commerce
2,Don't ever watch this. It's not fun
6,A difficult and boring but meaningful movie...I want to give you 6.5 points.
6,be easy to see
2,I fell asleep while watching it.^♥?
6,Where are you to focus on what I don't know. Neo-Confucianism The marine biology book or a window sill and its growth ... It's the same amount of three right one tying up loose ends The marine biology book I'm only add and I don't know why, made in black and white. Think because of the last scene, but will show the scene The scene is Impact not a lot to say I did ...All throughout the movie a bit stuffy and color, depreciation, would have been nice to feel more. Window sill is who do not understand the man It's just an absurd on trying to do after he watches the original, not walked back to her seat. This is an escape robakke I can't see it a bit stuffy ...Seized and taken the irregularities in a country where not ... be losing and I don't get? Let's eopssaebo Wow, records show creations based on record, not mind if I'm saying is put in a minute We have ㅜㅜ. ㅜㅠ with sobs had a good look at a film criticizing the reality does not improve no matter how hard you try I ...I have Healing film, I thought ... Still, six points, reason is good at acting, you ...
4,I thought I could handle the book content of the modern society critical movie/title book
6,It's calm and nice, but it feels like it's dragging. Byun Yo-han's acting is good
6,Just... Just... Just
6,Black and white? It's not like Schindler. I understand XION, but this time, it's a bit of an error. At this rate, a silent movie speaker will come out. The story is very calm
6,The pros and cons are the opposite.
4,I feel like I saw an educational movie that compressed the major events surrounding Jeong Yak-jeon in the early 19th century. The visual beauty is not bad, but the storyline lacks originality. A film that reproduces the stereotype of "corruption of the ruling class and the integrity of the people." The actor hard carried the ordinary screenplay.
2,a trustworthy tongue twister
6,It's just so-so. The setting is that Jeong Yak-jeon calls Chang-dae a "child of a man" or that Chang-dae is immersed in studying the scriptures as a kind of struggle for recognition even though he fails to see the past due to his status. Rather than touching the status issue, I can only think of constructing characters through accessories called status.The scene where the unknown people in the play cry with gunfire on their newborn or dead ancestors is not very impressive. It's a video of a historical fact that we already knew. That's all.It is said that the Greeks who watched Sophocles' tragedy "King Oedipus" were surprised and shed tears even though they already knew it, but "Jasanbo" did not give me such novelty. I've heard of the absurdity of the Joseon Dynasty. It's just that. The agony of Confucian scholars who came to accept calligraphy is not felt, and this is also superficial.In addition, various aspects of sea life near Heuksando Island, which are expected in the title of the movie, were also lacking. Even before I watched the movie, I knew it was a black and white movie, so I thought I should film it in color if I wanted to see various sea creatures. It didn't matter because there wasn't much to see.I don't know if I want too big for a commercial film. If you're going to make history long, make it worthwhile.
6,Rather than a detailed approach to Jasanbo, it was only a list of the times at that time, and it felt like a historical drama film without any distinction
6,It's a historical drama. It's witty. Everything's appropriate
6,I want to watch a movie, but I skip itThere are so many good actors in our country, Seol Kyung Gu?
6,Black and white made the work stand out, but it seems to have forgotten its box office success
5,I saw it expecting something. The writer's imagination seems to have been fully demonstrated, but in the end, it was a vain story. It was like a new lament of the times.Due to the nature of the movie, the actors' acting was not very impressive. There was no OST at all, and I couldn't relate to the black-and-white sensibility, such as the poor production and the intention to cover up the scene. The excitement and fun were below expectations.
6,Lee Joon-ik's movie, which also modernizes historical dramas, is always the same, but the picture of a exiled scholar isolated and shabby on the island was worth seeing. Most of all, what was worth seeing was that Seol Kyung-gu, who had previously mainly acted as a gangster in his life, was quite suitable for his gentle acting as a Confucian scholar. I watched that part while immerse myself.
6,The acting is good, but the story is not good. I wish I had brought some episodes from the novel "Jasanbo" by Charley Oh Se-young.
1,How do you rate this movie high? It's not because we have different tastes, but rating catchers are just like a bunch of brainless kids.How can you get such a good rating if you don't go down?  I wasted my money, wasted my time.Let's not play games for others. You've wasted your money, wasted your time, and it seems like you're telling others to go for trouble.
5,The story is distracting and the directing power is too poor like director Lee Joon-ik's previous works. Filming is great, but the editing is sloppy.However, the beautiful scenery and the deep and deep eyes of the actors in the black and white screen were touching.
6,I like it because it's like director Lee Joon-ik, and it's a bummer.
1,I don't like it.Huh.
6,Living with a disregard for dirt, living with patience even when it's dirty. How are you living? a corny question with the history of
6,The story was poor and boring.
6,It's an ordinary story like a drama. Movies have to be tense, but there's very little of that. I think it's a movie that you can watch comfortably.
1,It's an adventure to do a calm movie in black and white
6,A movie that appeals to the sensibility of black and white with poor story and unexpected visual beauty, hiding its lack.I watched the movie with the expectation of the actors rather than the director, but it doesn't satisfy my expectations I think I was tricked by the initial score
3,The black and white Choi Young, who lacked inevitability, the scenario of wandering without knowing where to go, and the only thing that shone in the cool director's passion was the actors' acting.
5,I saw the ratings and then I was so touched by this. Where did you get it?  Boring, boring, boring, predictable story.If it's not acting, don't look forward to it
6,a calm movie
6,Lee Jung-eun, Seol Kyung-gu, Byun Yo-han, and other famous actors...The story wasn't that special. I don't really understand the connection with Asset Management.If you don't like calm things, I don't recommend it
2,A black and white movie with beautiful natural scenery in the background. My friend asked me to go watch it together, so I went and came back. The content and actors' performances were very impressive, but I was suffocated by the frustration of the black and white (although others say it's like ink painting). I thought I was going to die because I wanted to run for 3 hours.
6,It's like a movie that makes you feel the corruption that's repeated forever and ever in human history of a rotten country like 같은같은 썩어어 썩보다 썩
1,I'm bored. Should I go out or not?
4,I saw it with my friend. I almost lost contact with him
2,Recently, actor Seol Kyung-kyu seems to have to trust and filter it out
1,Part-timers, is this movie really 9 points? - I wasted my time again because of you. I'm speechless
1,Seriously... What are you doing? I got a discount and watched it for 5,000 won, but it's a waste of time sitting down, so I just came out
6,Will the dreams of the fallen come true?
1,I can't watch it because Seol Kyung-gu came out. I like Byun Yo Han. What a bummerㅜㅜ
1,I don't understand why it's black and white and the story itself is so poor. It's just a Korean emotional movie
6,Did Jeong Yakjeon also have long legs?
6,a movie that you watch without thinking
1,Stop black and white... That sounds fun
1,You have to follow the West
1,a money-wasting film Left-handed man, I can't believe I paid for left-handedness.
1,I don't see "Snow Kyung Gu."
1,It's been a while since I watched a movie and slept... Why is the rating so high?
1,Why is it black and white? I'd rather play black and white separately like a parasite.
2,Everyone, you can't be fooled
1,All the other actors are good, but Seol Kyung-gu is the main character again.
1,Seol's acting is from there to there.
1,The movie was black and white, so I made a fuss about it. It was black and white, so I left the movie theater on the way. What a waste of money
6,It feels like it's over.
1,If you want the same immersion and tension as the king and man, I don't recommend itMy parents said that it was the best that lingered all day, but I was bored because the movie was too calmChoose according to your movie preferences
6,
1,It's a movie about abandoning my wife. Watch it on Netflix The price of movie tickets is going crazy. If it's that money, watch King Kong It's worth using.
1,A trustworthy Seolganggu movie!
6,It was a movie with a poor story.It's like learning history back then.
1,I wish it was the worst movie ever.
4,What's with the distracting, unlikely, useless black pear film sentiments?
6,As expected, Korean movies are a waste of money to watch in theaters.
1,Seol Kyung-gu's acting is good! But that's all...Ah, I will wait and watch it when it comes out on TV.
6,You're cutting down on the original. I expected it, but...
2,Just a typical Korean emotional movie. A character that doesn't touch much and isn't attractive. I feel frustrated because it's a black-and-white movie to give me something special.
6,How to seduce a woman, how to divorce a wife...  I want to learn.
1,There's not much to see
1,I was looking forward to the 3rd movie that came out after watching it.
6,a rambling talk It's not boring, but it's urgent to explain everything with little touch of emotion. In the second half, the story flows strangely to reveal the main character's sense of justice. There are a lot of new characters, and there are a lot of consumable characters that are thrown away. It's a movie that has nothing to do with the chemistry between the two main characters except in the middle. What a shame.
1,Seol Kyung-gu and Byun Yo-han Ryu Seung-ryong are great.Director Lee Joon-ik said, "If I stopped filming historical dramas, I would have put too much love in the movie."
1,It's not that great. The storyline is so simple and shallow. It ends without showing anything. I think it's around 5 points.
1,No fun lol Don't be fooled by your rating part-timer
2,Kim Eui Sung is coming out, so it's a left-leaning movie! I don't watch it!
2,Wow! I write reviews while watching movies. The main characters sit down and talk a lot. It ends when I go to catch fish two or three times and talk about boring things. It's not touching or fun
2,I slept in the middle. No fun.CINYL
6,It was not just a movie that felt like watching a great man's life, but a documentary.
5,When Jeong Yak-jeon fell into a deep sleep, I fell into a deep sleep with him.
1,It's so boring and boring.
