그린 북
10,Wow, it's hard to explain in words. It's just a design. Just watch it Strongly recommend
10,Best movie in your fingers!
10,
10,I felt the discrimination at the time indirectly, and I became angry with youIt is a relief that the doctor came to Tony's house at the end.It's not a lonely house. It's a sight with Tony's family
10,I can only say that it's the best
10,Discrimination that has changed a lot but never changes
9,A movie that finds a shelter in everyone's heart, not just a guidebook for black travelers
10,You made a good movie. I watched it with tears in my eyes
10,I enjoyed it so much
10,A film that breaks down all prejudices and boundaries with pleasure and grace
10,It's fun! It's fun!
10,I watched it briefly, but I was so moved that I watched it from the beginning
10,A beautiful journey. Every moment is a perfect movie.
10,LOL It's a masterpiece. You have to watch it at least once
10,Wow, is this what you can say with your eyes?
10,Materialism and social conventions seem to show that all that is left is people-to-people.I should do this to my close acquaintances, but it was not easy, so I reflected on it.
10,The best movie of my life. A movie that anyone can watch it.
7,A movie that is fully understood but not very touching. Still, the process of the main characters melting into each other was cool.
10,The movie that comes to mind when you pass by KFC
10,The movie cast that touched my nose for the first time in a while was so perfect that I cast my vote for a life movie that I can't easily forget the touching moments
10,
10,The sharpest but warmest racism. The best drama and melody.
10,One of the top five movies in my life
9,
10,People change and grow through relationships
10,It's a very moving movie.A movie that I want to show my students
10,I've watched this movie about five times. I think I've seen this movie the most
9,the serene beauty of difference and understanding
9,
8,
10,Tony was the Lord of the Rings, Aragon
10,
10,
9,Fill in 10 characters except for gaps.
10,I was so touched that this was a true story at the end.To be honest, I felt a little awkward at the beginning of the movie. Tony's uneducated way of speaking, eating manners, and Dr. Don Shelley's etiquette were strange, but I found out that even that was my prejudice in the movie. When Tony said I was more black than you in a rainy car, I sympathized with Tony and thought Don Shirley didn't know much about black people, but after that, Don Shirley's line touched my heart. Don Shirley, who doesn't belong to any black community, white community, homosexuality. I thought how hard it must have been to live like that in those days, and it was good that Tony Balleronga and Don Sherry seemed to be true friends after such a conversation.
10,It's the best movie ever.I hope there will be many movies like this.It's fun even if you watch it many times.
10,A movie that warms my heart. Director, acting, and music Make sure you watch it
9,It's been a while since I've seen a healing movie. A movie that makes you smile all the time.
10,It's my third time watching this movie The word that dignity overcomes violence touches my heart anew. It makes me think a lot about living with human dignity.
10,I made my last mouth like this and it ended
10,The difference is not to keep each other in check and fight, but to be harmonious
10,Shirley was a musician who could play courage and people
10,A movie that makes me think a lot.
10,All men are equal.  Why do we discriminate against class, race, men and women?  What do you hold that is so good that you dare to say that you are different from us?  It's a great trick.
10,I thought it was just an obvious touching story, but I thought it was wrong. I was so immersed in "Spring" ㅠㅠ It was so much fun
10,I was really touched when I just saw it. Why did you see it now?
10,I've watched it four times and I think it'll be fun to watch it a hundred times
10,The best Merry Christmas from two people who don't know why they're crying
10,I think that's why this movie is a masterpiece, because the person who calls Tony's last name right throughout the movie is the black Sully that Tony ignores so much
10,If you're thinking about whether to watch it or not, just watch it. It's a masterpiece
7,
10,a warm Christmas movie
9,I thought the title was so boring. So funny
10,Their friendship. It was warm and old. I loved it. Surprised because it's a true story
10,
9,An interesting movie that contains almost everything, including action, noir, race issues, family love, friendship, and music.
10,메리 크리스마스!
10,
10,I watched a heartwarming movie
9,
10,
8,
10,I watched it from the middle, but as soon as I saw the composition and the beauty of the movie, I started watching it. I expected it to be fun. I recommend it to everyone
10,I like the story of two people who have jazz and classical music and try to understand each other, care for each other, and get closer while considering each other's position
10,It's the most beautiful movie of my life
7,The poor flow is filled with director and actor capabilities. A movie worth watching for PC color.
10,
8,He solved the heavy topic in a fun way
10,
10,It's really the best!Two hours that warms my heart... I feel sorry to watch it comfortably on my phone ㅠㅠ I can't believe I'm watching such a moving movie in my room ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Wow, I think it's one of my favorite movies.
8,It's fun, but it's not 9.5
10,It was really fun to see the message and touching that gave me comfortable and small joy. Your acting is amazing
8,Among the movies about musicians, gangsters, social distinctions, racism, etc., 8 or more are suitable, and 9 or higher seems to be overrated
10,His lawyer was President Kennedy trying to change the worldMerry Christmas!
9,It's been a while since I watched a peaceful and beautiful movie
10,A true friend who shares his heart ㅠㅠ
10,It's the best. A beautiful story, a movie that will change my life
10,A very well-made film.
10,Discrimination is beyond unpleasant and exhausting. I get tired of just looking at it, and later I worry about what kind of discrimination there will be and I get scared in advance. I think it's well-made to make you feel this way in a movie for over two hours. In addition to the discrimination between blacks and whites, we are all different from each other, including discrimination between classes and sexual minorities, and we feel alienated and deprived, but it was beautiful to sympathize with each other. The little Christmas dinner felt like a Christmas miracle...Good movie spring after a long time.
8,A great song, a good friendship
10,
10,It's been a while since the movie Shawshank Escape. It is a movie that deals well with the heavy theme of racism and prejudice against it and breaks the prejudice we have. It's a movie that gives you 10 points in a long time.
10,The scene where black people throw away their cups. There was a scene where I was looking for a driver, so I thought there would be a black rich man
10,The best movie I've seen this year! Good acting, good content
10,I wanted to see you early...Let's wait ten!
10,I really want people to see it
10,The orange bird scene is the best because it's played a hundred times better than it used to be on a spectacular stage decorated by white people!!!!
10,Watching the movie, I felt like I was hit in the back of my head while watching with prejudice when the second police officer stopped the car.It's not a movie about not being prejudiced against black people, but it's a world that's been enlightened
10,
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken that I met at the height of art. Chopin harmonizes with friendship and rings on the keyboard. The script that hits and receives the lines in a twist is as cheap as Curtisak whiskey. It was the aftertaste of a delightful sip of film.
9,It's a moving movie that makes me think a lot.
10,A country where this work is highly regarded... It's good. It's worth getting drunk on it!
10,It was really impressive. Please make a movie like this. Thank you
7,
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,Lastly, the tearful eyes of Bolilonga... Without realizing it, tears came out of my eyes.Oh my... Oh my...
10,I was thinking about whether to watch it for killing time or not, but I thought wrong. I hope you watch it.
10,
8,Moderate trouble and equivocal solutions Was this the case at the time? If you want to escape to fake happiness when you're depressed, you can watch it
10,
9,Friendship beyond racial discrimination is so heartwarming. I loved the last scene and I think it'll remain in my heart.
8,The casting is perfect for you. LOL
10,The actors' acting was so goodIt's a movie based on a true story, so it was so nice to see the friendship between the two who faced 100 times prejudice^^♡
10,The two touching characters that are calm and giving are so attractive.
10,It's nice. Their tour is not boring at all but full of tension. It's really touching
10,The importance of first experiences to break away from stereotypes.
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,It's Ha Jungwoo's favorite movie. It's so much fun.
10,My favorite movie. I recommend you to watch it no matter what.
10,It's a really touching movie. And self-reflection. I wonder if I'm unconsciously discriminating against racism.
8,The acting of the two actors is excellent.Bigomoteson's belly is so cool.The story is a bit predictable.
6,Are you feeling dry? This kind of movie overflows and overflows
10,Impressive prejudice is scarya good ending
10,The best movie ever. The two main characters' acting is terrible. Make sure you watch everything Recommend.
10,From the second half, I can't stop smiling and crying on my face.
10,I was impressed by the movie, "The very small and subtle prejudice and discrimination shown in the Green Book, which cannot be absent from a long time ago, present, and even future, but gradually reduce and eliminate the distance of prejudice."
10,A movie that you watch over and over again. A movie that comes to mind when the end of the year approaches. It was so warm to see the two extreme men getting closer to each other by filling each other's shortcomings during the performance tour. In the movie, I express the coldness of reality without hiding it, and I feel the reflection that I myself acted like that to someone. At the end of the movie, I keep watching it because I want to see the Christmas scene.
10,
10,I will remember the message from the movie
10,Director is a genius. Things to think about in the 21st century
2,Perfect for the black movie frame. A bad white man gets a kick out of it - a good white man gets a fix - a good white man gets a friend ^^ a white and a black man gets a nomination for the Academy Award at the time, a black panther, a black classman, and a stinky book
10,I almost fainted with anger during the movie.Black lives in those days are like sari all over your body.
10,
10,Every scene in which the process of acting is perfect is lovely and it was a waste of time.
9,
10,I saved it and now I'm taking it out It was such a great movie!
8,It's fun, but it's sad
10,
10,It's an old-style obvious plot, but I enjoyed it very much. It's very immersive.
10,This movie is a true story, you two lived as friends for life and ended your life by a few months, you lived more like a movie than a real movie, and I think the most important thing in life is meeting and relationship
10,
10,I really liked all of your acting. It's one of my favorite movies that warms my heart
10,It's raining cats and dogs, and it's snowing hard.A movie that makes you look back on your prejudiced self when the siren goes off twice
10,I recommended it because it was funThere are two people who recommended it and they both said it was fun  I can't judge him by his appearance, but Tony seems to be a terrible husband, and from the way he writes letters...lol
10,My son takes a look and keeps looking. The story is solid and the actors' acting is great. It's a movie that deals with human rights issues without being too provocative.
10,The last performance in the silence at Localba is breathtaking. Not just the black people in the bar, but all of us watching the movie...
10,Confrontation and co-existence. The piano melody is so charming. Recommend.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot
10,It was so touching to see each other fill each other's weaknesses
10,I was so touched. Tony, who is discriminated against people of color and is being treated as a stranger, not reverse discrimination, and communicates to overcome it. It's been a while since the movie touched my heart
10,a film that lingers in one's mind
10,Such a beautiful story
8,Tony, who has been unemployed for two months due to the club's construction, has a sweet job offer, which he will perform with a black pianist (Sherley) for eight weeks. He didn't like it, but he ends up doing it for money. At that time, black people lived a life no different from slaves and were not welcomed During the performance, Shirley is treated unfairly because she is black and Tony solves the situation several times. Shirley, who has all the money and social honor but is discriminated against by her skin color, is lonely. We became close during the trip, and unlike the first time, Tony treats Shirley as a friend, and Shirley opens up to Tony, who was like an iron wall. Regardless of skin color, everyone has the right to be respected as a human being. However, racial discrimination still occurs around the world. It's a sad reality
10,A movie full of fun and touching moments
10,Perfect acting. Simple flow. It's such a good movie.
10,Wow, what a great movie... It's my first time leaving a review like this. I can't forget Dr. Shirley's sad eyes. It feels like indirect experience of how small-looking discrimination experienced throughout everyday life will be to the person concerned. It really touched me that Dr. Shirley, a black man who does not even treat white people as human, is a person with a "human" figure that is more dignified than anyone else. It's a movie that made me realize once again that all life is precious, that the two characters who lived in completely different ways share friendships and blend in indistinguishable, that expression of change is great, and the acting of the two actors is really...There is no need for words. When Dr. Shirley smiled brightly in the second half of the show, she was touched by her innocence. Becoming a movie of my life...
10,A movie that's actor enough, director enough, movie enough.
10,The two men's acting skills are excellent. It was much better because it was touching until the end and it was not an obvious story at all.
10,It was so much fun
10,It's a sad past and reality, but it's a great movie that you can't take your eyes off with the hot bromance of the two men, warm stories, and fun! Especially, a wonderful scene with the last family! A warm and fun movie with tears of gratitude!
10,If you search for Green Book on Naver, everything is good except for Yoo Byung-jae, who is unlucky. Is Yoo Byungjae putting his spoon on the green book?
8,It's a good movie, but there's a better one.
10,The movie of my life. There was no theater, so I visited the small theater 2 hours away and watched it, but it was never a waste of time
9,I think he gently sent a critical message about racism
10,It is also the best Christmas movie. It's so warm...ㅜㅜ
8,beautifully express sad history
10,It was a perfect movie until the end
8,That's what Green Book meant I enjoyed watching it calmly
10,I hope one day this kind of movie will be popular.
10,Every part of the movie is perfect. I've never seen a movie with a rating. You're deeply immersed in both of these characters.
10,a movie that shows a world that has overturned stereotypes
9,What determines a person's worth?
9,Racism must be eliminated. The chemistry between the two was so good and two hours passed quickly.
10,Different but same color
1,Not funny
10,be calm and heavy
10,The movie of my life! There's no big crisis. The calm mood
10,I think I deserve the award.Your acting skills, story, everything is good.
9,"I know there's a complicated side to artists." The beautiful words of understanding and the movie that filled me with laughter and tears
10,
10,
10,A true story? I can't help laughing.
10,Hookers were hard at that time, but today everyone feels hard in a different sense.  The acting of the two actors is so heartfelt that why can't we do this today?
8,Heartwarming movie. It shows how a black man and a white man mix well.
9,It's good even if it's not a PC bug
10,Haha, the movie that warms my heart. It was the best
10,It's been a while since I felt so good after watching a movie. It's a little obvious until the middle, but not after that. It's a moving movie.
7,It's fun the whole time, almost flawless in every part, not very shallow, but it doesn't come in weight.
10,The best movie... It's so touching and it's still lingering I hope there will be a lot of calm and touching movies like this
10,Following About Time, add to the life movie!
10,
10,
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie^^ Relationships with people begin with what they see, but they seem to show that they understand and tolerate each other by being together.
10,A heartwarming work that shows the hope of white people overcoming racism along with Half.
10,The bond between people makes it easiest to explain all times and history.
10,A movie that is really fun and touching. It made me think a lot. It's a wonderful piece of work!
10,Don't laugh, egrets, saying that the devil is black.I don't care what you think.Perhaps you're the only one who's got a white sword.
10,It is rare to see movies that are both elegant and vulgar, and have lessons in fun and touching.
9,Recently, I watched "Untouchable" and "Upside", and it's really fun and heartwarming while we can fill each other's shortcomings
10,It was so lingering that I wished it would continue even at the end of the story It was touching but also heartbreaking.
7,Although it was a little lengthy, the development and theme consciousness that beat expectations were very good.
8,It would have been better if the strange film director, who can't joke about black people at all and doesn't care about women's travails like Zzziberg, was black
10,It was a movie that I was really impressed by after a long time. It's a movie that makes me think a lot after watching it. In the second half, I was moved that the police and the main character, who I thought would be racist, should not come forward and call him a nigga Especially, I was most impressed by Shirley playing the piano with a sincere smile. I can relate to what you want to say in the movie because it's fun and well-melt. I strongly recommend this movie. It's my favorite movie
9,I enjoyed watching it.
10,At the end, you're going to burst into a smile.  I was happy. But that Aragon?
10,
7,A movie that everyone wants to see
8,I recommend this movie to those who may not be despised. -Just as the audience decided who to project themselves to in the movie Parasite, so will the film.  Then I think this movie is for Tony, the mainstream American society. Shirley's growth was barely covered as much as Tony's change. Of course, there will be an audience who became Shirley and watched the movie. But I think I became Tony and watched this movie. -If you were Tony while watching this movie, like me, you would be a privileged person, not an ignorant or prejudiced person. People often take their privileges for granted. It's like air. If Tony hadn't taken Shirley to the North, he might never have known the privilege of being white. I thought they were all empty hands, but actually his hands were full of privileges.
10,Tony's acting is the best
9,A movie that warms my heart after watching it.
10,It touches your heart deeply
10,They say you know the rating. Wow, this is realA movie that you must watch if you haven't watched it yet
10,The best movie that I really liked
10,I can't believe I'm seeing you now. It's the most perfect movie I've seen recently. It's my first time to laugh this loud while watching a movie and there's nothing missing. Acting, natural and witty production and story... The best of them is Bigo Mortensen... Oh... A very attractive and wonderful actor!It's too bad that I didn't get the Academy Award for Best Actor.It's a movie that you can watch with a smile until the end!
10,!!!Recommend, recommend, recommend! I happened to see it yesterday, and at first, I thought it was a movie about discrimination, but the story between the manager and the pianist was really interesting. Like Easter, we can see that it was a story later, and there's a lot of moving scenes in the car, where I think the car somehow connects Don Shirley and Tony, and it's all the more appealing because the actor seems to express Tony's character as a jerk LOL So I thought Tony was a good fit for Dr. Don Shirley. And I was a little angry because of the ridiculous discrimination in between, but Tony saved me every time, so I enjoyed the movie Well, I really enjoyed watching it I strongly recommend it! Recommendations!
10,There is no flaw in directing, acting, story, video beauty, and OST. The jam and the last hug scene made me watch it dozens of times
10,It's fun, fun, and fun
10,Based on the plot, I wondered why the rating was so high, but there was a reason. It's fun and cool.
10,Courage to get rid of loneliness and prejudice and reach out
10,It was a movie that pointed out the prejudice that we are making in society without knowing itFeeling beaten by wrong prejudice I dream of a world where we go together on the path of harmony, not opposition for opposition. Fighting!Thank you for the great work
10,
10,I think the piano overflows with good music and the main character's heart I was sad because I felt like I was letting go of the anger of racism when I was black, and I was so sad that I couldn't be with anyone that I was alone every night with whiskey Balleronga was a racist, but as we lived together, we felt the hardships of black people, so it's an obvious story, but it's a very interesting and touching story
10,It's a movie that reminds us of Aragon's rediscovery and prejudice against us all
9,It's calm but it's not boring and it's full of jami...
10,
10,
9,
10,It made ordinary stories cool without boredom.
10,
10,Is there anything missing? It is a movie that shakes human emotions that evoke various emotions.
10,It's a movie that shows that friendship has no color.It was good to learn the eyes and minds that could see me and others correctly through new glasses, not colored glasses, without making discrimination and difference between people and friends beyond race.I think that's all the more because I see a lot of issues such as Asian racism and school violence these days. ps.Show it to the kids.
10,
10,The final destination of the Green Book is not a place where black people can go, but a place where they can enjoy their normal daily lives regardless of skin color
9,It's a good movie that's warm and comfortable.I'm learning from you ㅠ
10,It is a movie made in 20 OOO, but I didn't know that black discrimination is still so severe. The story was so good because it was a movie that smelled like a person, and when I watched it at night, I liked it because it was a movie that I could watch with a small smile as my heart warmed up.
10,I watched it when introducing the movie, and because of the content, the content is solid and good, and I was so impressed that I left a rating for the first time.
10,I think it's going to be one of the best movies
10,a well-made film It feels like a hexagonal midfielder.
9,
10,좋은 일자리 그린북
10,It's a movie that makes you realize what life is, apart from black and white.It's calm, but it's getting grander
10,It's been a while since I felt the calm emotion...For those who didn't watch it, make sure to watch it.
10,What color and what color can you define skin color today?
10,
10,I think the issue of racism is very important not only to change the perspective of society, but also to change the perspective of individuals. Here, Valeronga's gaze has changed, and I think this changed gaze can have a positive effect.The acting was especially good. It was a speech or behavior that contained their personalities and backgrounds. The story composition was also fruitful and it was an experience to indirectly recognize the culture of that time. If you haven't seen it yet, it's a mixture of prejudice and humor, so I recommend watching it lightly. They're going to give us a chance to think about it's going to give us a lot of thought.
10,It's a movie that has a lot of things to think about, even though the music and the content are calm
10,아주 좋아요.
10,
10,If the U.N. is to deal with human rights issues sincerely, people around the world will sympathize with the deep approach to racism in the United States.
10,It's been a while since I saw a really good movie.
10,Please don't discriminate against Asians
10,A delightful story to watch, which is a subject of racism that doesn't offend at all. The movie deals with discrimination, but rather makes the bond and friendship between the two men feel good.
10,You're the best. I have nothing more to sayMake sure to watch it
10,It has been a long time since I saw my favorite movie.
10,Like a gun in the back pocket of Valeronga.Unlike Korean commercial movies, which are filmed like textbooks, it is so much fun to collect and become a viewing point, and I think about how Dr. Park feels throughout the movie
10,When the last cop stopped the car, I was also prejudiced and watched it, and I think this was the most important part of the movie I think we should just forget about the past and change our consciousness naturally Of course, it won't be easy, but I'll try to change myself after watching this movie
10,
10,I watched the full video right after I saw the 10 minute video on YouTube. It's a waste of time to watch until 2 a.m. It's the best movie I've seen recently.
10,I'm afraid of people's prejudices
10,It's the best movie that made me think deeply and feel grateful about the dignity of ENHWA in 2021
10,Ah! Aragon uses "paper" too
10,There was no tear-jerking part and it was so much fun. Remark... Cool guy
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! [Laughing
10,I watched a great movie after a long time
10,This is a masterpiece.
10,I can't believe I just saw this.I'm telling you, some time ago...
10,It's been a while since I felt a good ending
8,Buddy movie that makes you feel good when you watch it without getting bored
10,It was impressive
10,When Dr. Don came to Tony's door last time, I got goosebumps all over me. I felt a shudder and electricity. Wow.  It's so sad that I couldn't see it in the theater, but I'm so glad that I saw this movie even now. Oh my... I've never been so touched in my life. It's a really big movie. I think I'll see you for the rest of my life.  I can't stop thinking about Dr. Don's sad and sad expression
10,
10,It's the best. I watched it on TV and I'm touched
10,Movie that I wanted to see as soon as I saw the poster. As expected, good!
10,Happy, happy, happy Our E-Mart!
10,I've already seen it five times and now I'm writing a review, but it's a movie that gave sadness, anger, joy, and laughter to my face. It's my life movie.
10,A movie that touched my heart the whole time I watched it!Top
10,The movie is really great.
10,Luluajajajajajajaja--
10,It's my life movie ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it!
10,
10,It's so beautiful. A movie that is different from the third-rate movies produced in the factory.
10,It's been a while since I've enjoyed both fun and touching masterpieces.By the way, Bigo Montenson's acting is real. That's Aragon, Lord of the Rings
7,Buddy, road, and healing. Three Christmas presents that warm up the serious racism problem
10,When a movie like this was screened at a movie theater, it was only shown once a night movie a day.
10,A movie to watch again, Vigo Mortensen.
10,It's a movie that makes you laugh and think a lot. It was good that there was no rejection, no stress, and no forced emotion because we did not talk about racism forcefully.
10,Oh, it's so nice. Do I have to open it?
10,I watched it three times, and it's touching the more I see it.Thank you for both Dr. Don Shirley and Tony's performance.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I really recommend it.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I really recommend it.
10,I've seen the Green Book about 10 times. I hope you all watch it
7,In an era of color domination, other than color, humanity and affection are felt through the two
9,How are you doing... Tony's greeting reminds me of Joy from Friends.  Italian guy
10,
10,
10,Of course, I didn't watch it at the theater, but I watched it warmly
10,The best movie of my life!
8,The two main characters' contrasting acts of dignity were so good
10,It is good. I guess you are watching a movie to meet this kind of movie.
9,A soft, strong piece that is distinct from the provocative traditional black human rights film
10,I really enjoyed it.I'm touched. 10 points! Perfect.
10,
10,A masterpiece without fail in recommendation lol
10,I was angry at the duality of the white people, but I was surprised again by the "bias and duality" of me, who expected to suffer another discrimination when the second officer approached. Very, very clever.
10,You're the best. It's not a movie I'm going to evaluate
10,Chicken...mmm
10,It was a touching movie. It's all the more touching that it's based on a true story!
10,M and N
10,Until the day the green book disappears,
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
9,굿 굿 굿 굿 굿
8,A film with outstanding performing music, acting skills and storytelling. Like the basic rights of Article 11 (1) of the Korean Constitution, the rule of law should flow. However, there is a wrong history of human rights being buried by convention because the American Southern community had to export agricultural products to Europe for cheap labor due to economic problems.It can happen anytime in my family or near society. We need to correct public opinion through propaganda and move politicians in the right direction!
10,It's a touching movie. I'm touched by the actors' acting
10,A movie that warms your heart and leaves a calm lingering impression for a very, very long time
10,I just loved the movie itself The ending was good. It's a heart-warming movie.
10,The story of the true friendship of the two main characters, contradictory and three-dimensional, who have nothing in common but mirror relationships
10,It was a movie that made me feel a lot of thingsIt's the best.
10,It was fun.
10,There's no scene to be nervous about, but Shirley's eyes are disappointed.I was nervous, heartbroken, and touched whenever I was full of anticipation and sadness, but I felt like I spent 90 minutes of my life in a moving movie after a long time.
10,It's really fun. Make sure you watch it
10,
10,Uncle Tony is the Lord of the Rings Aragon.
10,Best movie ever.It was touching
10,
10,
10,I couldn't get more emotional
10,Movie recommendation for Christmas. Movie that I liked because it was touching, relatable, and fun
10,In the era of racial discrimination, two people of different skin colors accompany each other for two months, showing how they respond to discrimination, and how they gain trust and depend on each other
10,It is highly recommended for all generations of movies that have made them feel human, warm, and human values and dignity, which are rare these days.
10,It's fun. It's the best movie in my life
10,It doesn't make sense that it's 440,000! I really recommend it. It's so fun and touching
8,No matter where you stand, if you miss your wit and composure, the result is not very good. It is a great and precious work that has been adapted from the heart of the cruel history of human beings and conveyed the difficult "truth" with wit and calmness until the end. This is what the upright role of art is like
10,How can you make a material that is not heavy but barks so witty? A movie for people, not for movies!  That's great.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel a lot of things to just say that it's fun.It feels like my heart is being purified. It's beautiful...
10,It's a very good movie I haven't seen in a while.
10,The best Christmas movie by my standards
8,a calm family movie
10,A calm smile and a touching emotion.It's a great movie.I strongly recommend it.
9,It was more touching because it was a true story.
10,Even if it's a cliche, it can be fun.
9,It's fun, it's calm, it's touching.
10,
10,It was nice to enjoy the sad but touching movie last scene party together I'll watch it again when I can forget it
10,A moving film to rethink racism
10,I hate black people, but I had to give them 10 points in the last scene This is the power of movies It was the best movie god I could do
10,It's a good movie. Unlike Korean movies, it's a good movie
10,Directing, acting, story, video, and meosti. I liked all of them
9,
10,I was laughing quietly and I was tearing up without realizing it...The last scene was good and Mrs. Tony was good. Of course, the two main actors are the best!
10,Dr. Shirley and Tony's bickering chemistry makes you giddy and smile. I was so happy to watch the whole time. Lessonarily, cinematically, very good movie!
9,
9,The courage to do what someone has to do first
10,Perfect movie. Shirley's sad eyes keep ringing. I hope it disappears from the reality as soon as possible due to racism.
10,It doesn't matter if it's real or not.The best movie ever!
10,I don't want to be compared to obsessive schoolteachers who control ratings.I cried when I played the orange
10,
10,
10,A heartwarming true story movie that happened in a time when discrimination was prevalent! This movie reminds me of winter and Christmas. It's such a touching movie!
10,It's so touching and it was a must-see movie for this season.
10,his sad and determined will to win only with dignity
10,In short, a cool movie, a cool movie
10,Shirley can only express herself on the stage where she plays the piano. It was heartbreaking that the expressionless face, which did not even get angry at everything being treated poorly, seemed to be crying.Such a southern tour chosen by Shirley has less revenue and poor environment than the northern part. Nevertheless, the reason why he chose it was because he wanted to show it to the thoughtless and ignorant "the people." It's not "me" who hates even being in the same space, but "we" can be superior to you and eventually you'll applaud me. I thought it would be a tour that started with the sorrow that I had accumulated in my heart. Of course, the tour did not change everyone with the "stained idea," but one "Tony" changed and a window called friendship was created in Shirley's castle, which had always been blocked.It was a movie that made me think a lot throughout the whole time. Even if it wasn't a race, wouldn't there be a chance and a new world that we stupidly missed due to the prejudice and worn-out rules we have? Let's not turn our backs on upcoming ties and opportunities. Let's get away from blindfolded prejudices.
10,It's so much fun!
10,It's calm and lingering
1,I understand the opposite of racism, but homosexuality is a different matter. Discrimination against immorality is one of the far-fetched measures
10,I watched the 3rd one, and my husband watched the first one, and it was so good. I only pressed the okay button on the remote control because I heard a compliment, and it was good.I'll see you again. More often
10,The director's directing ability and the actors' acting and stories, which interpreted such a heavy topic as such a light comedy, were perfect.
10,Human-made discrimination! A movie that reminds me of that discrimination! It was a very warm movie that fits this winter!
10,I hope Korean people can see it too. It's not just race, but it's also a problem for the Korean-class created by Koreans. It's not a big deal. It's just a small group of people who satisfy each other
10,Don Shirley, a genius musician, and Tony, a hot-tempered driver, a film that depicts a passionate friendship in prejudice and discrimination
10,Their friendship that transcended nationality and race... E-Mart's song came out in the middle
10,It was a really great movie.
10,I can't believe he was a Hall Pass coach.lol
10,Thank you for letting me know the best road movie in my life, the green book.
10,It's a luxury movie that shows that we're all different, not wrong with each other ^^
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.
8,I enjoyed watching it.
10,
10,
10,It was nice to see a movie that touched my heart after a long time All the time I watched the main characters' acting, I couldn't help but smile
10,
10,Good. It's really funI want to see it again
10,It looks like a traditional black inequality movie, but it's a more different approach. "Don't call it black."
10,
10,"The distance between you and me destroys my soul." The line that Dr. Shirley advised Tony when he wrote to his wife.  It's OCN's second time, but it still touches my heartstrings.
10,It was so much fun and uncomfortable the whole time.
10,There's a lot of humor in the movie that makes you realize
10,Crazy movie... A movie that I really like no matter how many times I watch it
8,It's a movie that makes you happy How hard and courageous black people must have been in the past
10,I watched it without thinking, but I still can't forget it two years later. I watched it again last time because it was on TV. It was the best
10,Black lives, black lives, black lives, and before that, they're both the same people.
10,Best movie, above all, its own movie that breaks prejudices, a movie that releases heavy elements easily and uncomfortably, the best movie for Christmas
8,The movie is okay, but why do I see Yoo Byung-jae's face? It's annoying--
10,
10,
8,The green book that I just read. Even if it's not spicy. Beautiful running shoes full of empathy and emotion...The director's sense hidden everywhere and directing skills that caught me off guard are cool and pure. I watched a movie that can give 8 stars in 2 years. Good!
9,b
10,
10,First place out of the movies I watched recently. It's not a waste of time
10,It's crazy. It's my favorite movie
5,Image laundering is like Peter Farrell
10,It's this! This!
9,Christmas invitations do not weigh the clackish quality or the improvisation of jazz. I just need the courage to knock on the door with a warm heart.
10,
10,Green book that I always look for on Christmas. Sentences that don't hate anyone, that don't hurt anyone.
9,Hollywood that can give echoes and lingering emotions even if there's no forced touching wave
10,Whether it's true or not, it's a well-made movie as a fiction
9,A really, really good movie.
8,No, OOO black people at least come out in these movies and enlighten the Asian people at least, right?I give 8 points because I like movies
10,
10,
10,Don Shirley is a great man!!
10,The movie of my life that's
10,Why did I watch it now?If you want to feel better, watch it right away
10,
9,
10,
10,It's my favorite movie
10,
10,It was good. I can smile at the last sceneI like it more because it's a true story
10,It's warm
10,It's a jik! Both of Nam Joo's charms! What do I do?
10,
10,A movie where blackness and whiteness become human
10,The last police officer is awesome
10,It's the best! It shows and feels many things such as unique humor and humanism, discrimination, friendship beyond difference, and touching. The two people, who live unlike white people and black people, meet to acknowledge and understand each other's differences, help each other, and make hot friendships. The main actors' acting is excellent, so it adds charm and maximizes completeness and emotion overall. Tony's change, which was seen as just a gangster who cared about his family, and his feelings, such as humanity, family love, faith, and anger at injustice, live warm, proud, and overwhelming. Dr. Shirley's emotionless performance, which is small and short, also makes you feel hot. The scene of confronting discrimination in the last performance and the scene of truly enjoying it together in the real last performance are the finishing touches. The scenes where we wrap up together are the best!
10,Amazing. I didn't know that time went by just with the OST.The middle finger of prejudice and arrogance in the world!
10,In Korean movies, not only the story but also the actor's acting is obvious.
10,I was surprised 100 times by the best movie acting on Christmas
10,Let's talk about it after watching it's all...Don't look at the peninsula
10,You're the best. Someone like Aragon?His acting and story are the best! Fun and touching!
10,Have you ever thought about what you would do if you were an independence fighter while watching movies about independence, such as assassination and espionage?Although not dared to compare, black people who survived the 1960s in American society have been criticized and abused for doing nothing wrong because of their long history.The white protagonist, Tony Rip, was also one of those who had antipathy toward black people, participating as a driver for the famous black pianist Dr. Don Shirley's tour to make money and responsibility as the head of the family.As Tony Lip goes through all kinds of hardships and discrimination just because he is black, he gradually learns about the importance of human nature and begins to become a true adult.I have also seen masterpieces that depict black discrimination, such as "Help" and "Hidden Figures," but the biggest difference between them is that they allow people to empathize with emotions through individuals and individuals' lives, not whites and blacks.It's a bonus that Tony Lip's fact-oriented clunky letter to his beloved wife turned her into a romanticist with Dr. Shirley's artistic sensitivity, and scored on her by adapting it to the girlfriend I was seeing at the time.If you want to feel how different white and black ideologies are, I dare recommend this movie.In addition, it was an opportunity to think deeply about people who were discriminated against without knowing in Korea.
10,I watched this movie after watching the friendship of the 1% Untouchable, and it feels like we look alikePersonally, the person who plays the role of Tony is more attractive in the Green Book
10,Wow, I can't believe I just saw this movie ㅜㅜ
8,It's not wrong, it's just different.
10,It was a movie that could be a big help to my life. I was very happy to see it without a word to write.
10,It's a lot of fun.The production that humorously but lightly unravels the heavy subject matter
9,2 Mart music plays at the second performance around 48 minutes. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'
10,
10,Pikachu RaiChuPaiRikkoBook is Butterpool Yadoran Pigeon toto. Although we look different from each other, we are all of course, we are all friends
10,I didn't expect much, but I really enjoyed it
9,Director Peter Farrelli, famous for "Dumb and Dumber," is also a master of comedy, and has great reflection on life. Vigo Mortensen, who has been active in various works even before playing Aragon in The Lord of the Rings, and Mahershala Ali's simple passionate performance, known as a black and Muslim actor, help. However, as can be seen from the description that it was inspired by a true story in the introduction of the movie, the fact that there was not a single photo taken together will inevitably lead to a controversy of distortion as the bereaved families of Dr. Don Shirley protested.
1,The movie with the highest rating is for women in their 30s. It's a movie that low-functioning nerds would like
10,There's no needless words. Make sure to watch it. It's a masterpiece that makes you think for a long time after the movie.
10,A film that speaks well of the friendship of two men over race, and the wretchedness and contradiction of racism
10,Make sure to watch IN-REN movies Directing, acting, story, fun, past are all the best! The tears at the end... I was so excited...  Tears ^^
10,The best movie! The movie you want to watch again and again
10,
10,^^ No words needed~ Good!
10,Favorite movie ㅠㅠ happy and warm movie
10,
10,It's so touching. It deserves an Academy Award A really good ending to a movie is the best
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't miss out on every line and every scene
10,As expected, the king of humanity's acting is different
10,It was the best movie. Good, good, good
5,The overall story lacks immersion.
10,
10,
10,I don't need words. Tears flow down as the movie ends
10,
10,One of the best movies of my life. I will love you more and be loved more
10,
10,The best movie I've seen in the last 5 years
10,
5,A movie consistently tailored to PC code. the gap between political values and workmanship
10,It was a movie that was so touching that I couldn't say anything. It was a time when my thoughts changed a lot.
10,I liked the part where you said that you helped me with the letter at the end
10,
10,It's a movie that makes me feel good
10,Don't discriminate against black people. It's a one-word summary.
8,After that, Tony Balleronga was hired as a driver, but he was fired because he did not wear a driver's hat or open the door or carry a bag. Tony Balleronga's son Nick Balleronga participated in the film's production, and overall, it was fictionalized. I even threw away the cup used by black people, but the reason why the person changed so much was because it was not convincing in the movie, but as expected, the movie is a movie.Nick Balleronga must have seen the friendship between black and white in the movie Untouchable 1%. I guess I thought it was gonna be money.
10,A heart-warming movie that touches the heart.I've missed a couple of chances to watch it properly on TV and it's so nice.
10,
10,It's a movie that makes you smile the whole time you watch it
10,It's a masterpiece that you don't need to write for a long time!
10,
9,I saw it because it was rated number 1 on NAVER movies. It wasn't that touching to the point where there was an echo in my heart. It's a new movie. I think it has a high rating because it's a good movie. The movie was good, but... It's hard to admit that it's the best of all movies.
10,
10,It was more than I expected
10,It's good to be exceptionally good at one thing, but it's better to be observant of everything.
10,Pizza is this from now on.
10,It was a movie with warm impression and fun after a long time. I want to keep it. I hope that prejudice and discrimination in the world will be eliminated
10,위엄이 항상 이긴다.
10,
10,It's a really humanistic movie. It's so touching
10,You're the best. What else do you need?
10,Best movie in a while. I'm impressed
10,
10,The movie is based on a true story about discrimination and prejudice, which is well mixed with laughter and emotion. It makes us look back on whether our reality remains that differences are not discrimination between superior and inferior.
10,Merry Christmas :))
10,
10,It's a masterpiece. It's not boring until the end. It's touching. Wow, I've seen it well this year after year
10,I watched it without thinking because it got the highest rating on NAVER's movie. It's so much fun
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life. Touching, comic. Everything is perfect~It's the best!!!
10,It was so much fun
10,I really enjoyed it.
9,Friendship that fills each other's weaknesses.Life is supposed to be like this, but it's not easy.
10,It's a movie that's so touching and makes me think a lot
8,Showing a beautiful demonstration, the people around supported it
10,It's been a while since I watched a really touching movie. Rediscovery of Bigomotenson! It was perfect Tony himself. The actor who played Shirley was so elegant and elegant. I just saw it all, but I want to see it again! I immediately realized why the Green Book was mentioned so much in the Nakademite that year.
10,It was fun from the beginning to the end
10,
10,At some point, deep fear and despair began to appear in Shirley's proud and elegant eyes. Shirley calmly survives the harsh reality that cannot be overturned by her genius ability. Their pain that I don't dare to guess or understand because I've never experienced.
10,The time spent watching a movie is valuable
10,It was so sad to see 130 minutes of your chemistry I'm sure it's the most touching
10,a rush of emotion~~
10,I'm so touchedcrying
10,A film about racism and people's stereotypes in the 1960s in the United States.However, it was surprising and heartbreaking that it was no different from the news of the U.S. in the article now in 2020.It was a good movie that was bitter and upsetting, but also heartwarming!Mahershala Ali's great acting and pronunciation are also key points to watch
10,This is a masterpiece. It feels like I've seen a real movie after a long time.
10,While watching Don and Tony's conversation, I thought a lot and laughed It was a good movie
10,It was so touching. I enjoyed it
10,Setting and directing that obscures the standards of subordination and discrimination. The irony of the Green Book promoting separation for harmony.
10,
10,I really enjoyed watching it.When will this kind of movie be possible in our country?
8,
10,It was so touching and fun.
10,You deserve to be nominated for an Academy Award. Acting, socializing, entertaining
10,A black man who could only live like that, a strange white man who accepts, understands, and persuades, and an Asian man who sees it
10,
10,
10,
10,"I wouldn't wait. There are many people who are afraid to reach out first even though they are lonely."
10,
10,
10,It's so much fun. I want to hug Don ShirleyㅠㅠT
10,I watched a warm movie after a long time.
10,
10,
10,Dr. Shirley was thrilled when she played the piano in the orange restaurant. Dr. Shirley, who had been playing the piano in anger and rigidity while adapting to the white culture before, was truly laughing and enjoying the piano in a small, shabby restaurant, and Tony clapping heartily as he watched it. It's so touching ㅠㅠ
9,This movie reminds me of the old Untouchable: 1% friendship firstI enjoyed watching it, but it was pretty that this movie was almost insanely great
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that I really enjoyed
10,I was sleeping and then I laughed. It's a movie that makes you smile after being frustrated. The two main characters. They are beautiful people. a warm heart Communication. Understanding. A movie that tells us what we should always think about and live with.
10,The movie was so moving that I fell in love with his elegance and his macho appearance
10,Green book... It's not just a touching story, but a really touching story...The moment we could feel our prejudice.
10,The story and meaning are good, but the piano performance is also good to listen to
10,
10,
10,It's just a movie that's worth watching once in your life♡
10,I enjoyed it^^
10,
10,
10,How can I not love these two men?
10,
10,I felt that all people are equal, that they have the right to be respected, and that each person is precious
10,A beautiful movie that shows human dignity and love as beautiful as the beautiful music that runs throughout the movie.*
10,One of the best masterpieces of my life
10,
1,It was interesting to get a glimpse of the times when there was blatant discrimination against black people in the 1960s. Tony, who is white but grew up in the Bronx and speaks like a black man, and Shirley, who acts like a white upper class with grace and refinement. The friendship between the two characters is interesting. At the end, Tony drove Shirley himself to spend Christmas with his family, which was very moving. But I think the rating of over 9 is a little exaggerated. The story is based on a rather obvious theme and true story, so I don't think the normal development is up to nine points. I'll give you a star for grading.
10,
10,
10,No words needed... It's cute, warm, touching, and touching. It's a piece that tells you that appearances aren't everything
10,I said, "Thank you for helping me with my letter." Shirley smiled awkwardly, and I cried. ㅜㅜ I like this movie
10,The story progress and the end of the movie are so good and I like the feeling of the two's emotional changes. I strongly recommend...
10,The first movie to register for ratings. At first, I started to watch it with a closed mind, thinking that it was a child of "Untouchable," but at the end, it was not wide open, making me register my GPA. This kind of movie. I hope we can make a lot of movies and be shown again. Two hours or so of time seems to have become a moment that made my life richer. I strongly recommend it.
10,It's the best. I don't know if I can see you again. Will I be able to feel the same emotion again? It was the best
10,It's a heart-warming movie. I hope there are many people with that kind of thought.
9,a gentle touch
1,The film is made without the consent of the bereaved family, and the film is full of lies that are not real, and the director has exposed his genitals at the movie set in the past, racist remarks he learns, and the writer hates Muslims.
9,
6,The discrimination of black people and the times at the time were also well expressed, but it was a shame that there was such a random, gay PC element
1,It's just a calm movie, but it's not fun that makes the audience immersed. I felt bored while watching it, and the topic I wanted to talk about was good, but for me, I think that a masterpiece should impress the audience while immersing myself in it, the message is only a good and boring movie.
1,I can't agree that this is the highest score on NAVER
10,Why did I watch this movie now? I want to see you again at the theater. What am I if you're not black or white in the rain? The lines really gave me the creeps. A movie that really deals with the identity of a person, apart from race issues of race.
10,Discrimination and respect were not seen in life. I could see it from the outside.Remark: Mortenson's eyes are memorable. I remember the scene where I cried on a rainy day asking who I was.
10,I highly recommend it to young people.
10,Tony didn't know. Tony didn't know the days he naturally discriminated against in his life. But I knew when I met him. And it changed. It can change. I want to be a police officer, Shirley, and Tony on a snowy day.
9,It's a good movie. Aragon hyung too, in front of time ㅜㅜ
10,This is a disastrous realistic picture of southern black discrimination in 1962. Tony and Michelle, crouching in their respective worlds, come out through interaction. a highly recommended movie
10,
9,It was a story that could be projected not only in the history of black inequality but also in wartime.
10,Please listen to the OST.I'd love to.
10,We're dealing with a heavy topic, but I think it's good because it's light and fun. The two main characters were cool.대사The lines are good, too
10,I was touched the whole time
9,a touching journey of blacks and whites
10,It was a calm, fun, and touching movie.
10,
10,제가 해볼게요.내가 어떻게 해줬으면 좋겠니?
10,I can't believe I saw such a funny and touching movie now.  I don't think there's anything big at the end, but I almost cried ㅠㅠ
10,Dr. Don Shirley, who lives a white life on the stage and a black life off the stage, and Tony Balleronga, who despises black people in the form of a white man, abandoning prejudice and looking at them as they are. These two characters were well used to make good use of the story of the movie. Of course, this movie deserves the highest rating ever. It was fun, touching, informative, and a lot to think about. Nice work.
10,I like this movie so much beyond the expression that the movie is fun.
10,The movie I want to watch on Christmas
10,
10,I'm still impressed.After 10 years, I watched a movie like a movie
10,I watched a movie that left a lingering impression even after a long time. China had a class program that gave a lecture on the situation of the times in the U.S., and I watched the movie Green Book because it was mentioned. It's a situation that I can never understand from the current perspective, but when I watched the movie thinking that the situation of the times was like that, I understood the story and felt sorry. However, rather than just saying it's a pity, it was pleasant throughout the movie to see the two main characters overcome the situation with their own solutions, even though they were angry at the atmosphere of the times. Tony Balleronga's character was playful and tsundere-like, so it was fun, and Dr. Pianist also enjoyed watching the movie when he met Tony and changed. I lost track of time.
10,Let's watch it until the end! It's lingering...
10,When I stopped at a farm road in the beginning of the trip, the main character ran across the fence with black people who were working on the farm and looked at the beginning of the trip.I can't forget it
10,Perfect movie. You chose all of them because you can double the points of appreciate.
10,Wow... I love it I enjoyed it ㅜㅜ it was touching and funny... You're the best!
10,I don't usually use the lower grades, but the movie is so goodㅠㅠ This is so healingAs expected, I want to go on a trip to the south of the U.S. to show the best of the American times and the best natural scenery
10,
10,I really like the calm touch.
10,
10,When everyone is talking about movie reviewsI admire Don Shirley's fabulous dress in the play. How can you dress so beautifully and the main character looks so good in it^^
10,
10,It was a movie that I wanted to watch, so I looked forward to it and watched it
10,A movie that's upsetting to watch now! It's fun, touching, and meaningful
10,It's my first time writing a review. I think it's the best movie of my life. I was so touched that my heart was broken.
10,
10,Life movie, touching story. Warmth.
10,I just met the best movie of my life.
10,It's so much fun. I found my favorite movie
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie. It's so touching.
8,In the end, whether it is a good movie that takes a Hollywood-style safe path, or a movie that is as cheerful as Tony Rip and does not lose its grace like Dr. Don Shirley, it is up to each person to evaluate it. However, I will take the latter view.
10,a heartwarming film
10,It's my first time getting a rating. I can't even take my eyes off it. It's so much fun!
10,Choi Kang-Chu, the whole family is amazing
8,Mahershala Ali is going to be a great person, if not Will Smith or Denzel, Morgan Freeman Forest Whitaker.
10,
10,This is what a movie is like.Maximize humanism, race, I think we should get rid of this word first. It's just that we'
9,Everyone can be friends :)
10,
10,Humans are all the same. There is a man's fear of making a difference.
10,He was an intersection as a person, but an intersection as a society
10,I kept looking at Dr. Sulli in fear of what would happen. Maybe this is also a prejudice that I had
10,Top
10,This is real. You can't stop smiling
10,
8,The movie praises the fact that discrimination is very scary. Before this movie, Vigo Maltenson was an Aragon, and after this movie, Tony
10,There's a reason why people would like it. It's a relief that I watched it late
10,
10,I'll leave my first score in my life. It's a movie that I want to share with everyone around me. I can't forget Shirley's howling in the rain, and I can't forget all the wonderful Tony who loves like a poem, the heavy snow police officer.
10,Genius alone is not enough to move a person's heart. It takes courage
10,
10,It's better because this movie-like story is a true story
10,Really, Merry Christmas!
10,A movie that would have been nice if two people watched it
10,
10,I thought of a movie called "Untouchable 1% Friendship." It reminds me of the phrase "a successful life with just one true friend in the world". Oh, the fact that we're the same people who can't live alone.
10,Oh! Lord of the Rings, go!
10,May the equal world of all races come...
10,It's been a while since I watched it
10,It's the best that you've seen this movie now
10,
10,
10,
10,Taxi drivers in the U.S. were anxious, but they were happy and moved
10,There is definitely a reason for winning the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2019.A really good movie
10,I don't usually write reviews, but it's a movie that I made
9,Wow, how can they make it so well? Story, directing, acting, fun, touching. There's no flaw. It's so much fun
10,I got goosebumps when I saw Chopin playing the winter wind at the end of the orange bird.crying
10,
10,편지 쓰는 것을 도와주셔서 감사합니다.
10,
6,Asymmetry without a word is the highlight of this movie about white people who devote themselves to black people, and Italians who discriminate against black people by blatantly swearing at Germans.
10,My life movie is enough
9,an old-fashioned plot buddyThe film is a perfect score for how well it expresses it.
10,It's a pity that kids who get one point can only watch movies like that for the rest of their lives. Why do they think that movies are masterpieces only when they are grand, excellent in directing, and difficult to understand? Rather, I think a movie like this is more meaningful than Avengers as a life movie.
10,
10,It was impressive to see Tony changing his way of thinking about black people while maintaining his color. There's also a scene where Shirley, who was lonely, opens her heart to Tony and visits him. The last scene where Mrs. Tony thanked Shirley was the most touching for me.
10,He could sit on an old uplit piano and play Chopin when he couldn't see anything to fight
10,
9,Overall, it is an interesting movie.It's a must-see movie at least once, so make sure to watch it if you haven't.
1,It's a good movie, but it doesn't deserve such a high rating, so I give it 1 point.
10,Tony, neatly dressed in a suit, let out a loud sigh in the scene of meeting black people plowing the fields.  The director's sensitivity that makes Tony feel so desperate, my heart just broke.
10,Overall Review: A well-made film that is quite contemporary, yet comical, even touching.
10,If I've seen hundreds of movies, it's the first time I've ever seen one!
10,It's not a forced touching movie. It's a really touching movie. I lost track of time and watched the production of the story production was amazing.
8,A film reminiscent of the French film [Untouchable 1% Friendship] It was fine.
10,Showing the peak of Italian gangster acting
10,Life that does not belong anywhere is lonely.
9,Good music, I can feel racism up close, the story of a musician who takes charge of ordinary racism in that era, the process of changing a racist person, I don't know, just a fun episode and warmth. It was good. When you smile after playing the piano, you really look good. LOL
10,The friendship of two black and white men overcoming discrimination. It's plain, but it's not lacking.
10,I've seen the main character many times before, and I found out that Aragon, the Lord of the Rings. The movie itself was good, but especially the acting of the two actors. To many prejudices and prejudices in the world, this movie sounds something heavy and its expression and direction were excellent.
10,The movie that was perfect until the end
8,You really enjoy the Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,It's fun to watch it again and again, to be racist, treated like a human being by white people, and to finally be able to stand it, and wear a war machine suit and get rid of all white people
10,The expression that the heart becomes grand should be used in these works and movies.
10,
10,The best movie of my life. It is a movie that anyone should watch once. Why did I watch it now? Directing... Story... Acting... Performance... I'm falling for it. I'm getting emotional.
10,The wave of emotions!
10,The wave of emotions!
10,
10,It's 10 points for everything
10,
10,It's a movie that's essential for the current situation. PEACE!
10,1. I have a strange happy feeling all the time. This movie is going to be really fun Is there a reason for the movie that won the Academy Award? I knew why people wrote so many things on the poster.3. I was surprised because I didn't know it was Aragon.This guy, he's been dealing with Dwarves for hundreds of years. I really liked that unique smile. 4. The directing and acting details were really good, but it's a jade t-shirt or car-reca scene, so only the back glass gets rained on5. It has to be seen as a proper translation. In other words, download good. 6. In some ways, it's a really good movie and I hope discrimination against Asian people is better. 8. Why did you take yellow people for granted now? 9. There's nothing more foolish than watching the world with colored glasses on.10. A very good movie, a very well made movie, Merry Christmas
8,Copacabana, Italian... I thought it was a Martin Scorsese movie. The story is typically predictable by the flow, but it's somehow interesting.
9,Until now, the greeting "Merry Christmas!" has never been heard so warmly in a movie.
9,
5,a film of no consequenceIt's just a trailer. It's not funny. It's not enough to talk about black oppression.
10,
10,The best Christmas movie that I really want to recommend to anyone. It is like a comprehensive gift set that contains beautiful video beauty, music, messages, fun and touching.
10,When the car stopped for a moment in the quiet countryside, I couldn't forget their eyes and the loneliness of looking at Dr. Shirley. How can I describe the loneliness that cannot belong anywhere but this or that, but the way he played in the Orange Bird seemed the most free and enjoyable performance he had ever shown. And I was so happy when I found true friendship and it was even more touching because it was a true story.
10,
10,It was a touching movie based on a true story.It was good because it was a compass-like movie that gave people an opportunity to think about what to do in a group, and the visuals were great
10,Although 100 years have passed since the Civil War, which broke out in 1861 when the slavery issue became a catalyst, discrimination against black people has still not changed.The music harmonized with the scenery of Deep South in 1962 adds to the dignity of the movie.
9,A true movie dealing with discrimination. I hope the directors of Korean cheap new drama will watch and learn
10,I used to watch other movies instead of doing it a few times.There was nothing to see today, so I wondered what it was.There's a lot to learn in life.I'm just moved. The first police officer was the South.The second cop was in the north.I heard there was a lot of black slave conflict in the South at that time.It must be fate that the two of them died for months.I don't have this kind of connection yet, do I?
10,The deep emotion that comes in between the music and the warm chemistry
10,
10,
10,I happened to see it, but I was so into itWhy didn't I know this masterpiece?
10,
10,Crying, laughing, dancing I was so sad and so happy
10,The background of the times and the treatment of the protagonist. unfair treatment that still exists
10,r
10,
10,It's my favorite movie^^
10,
10,In the era of romantic cigarette prices, where the main characters protect black presidents and smoke cigarettes, regardless of the price of cigarettes, and do not care about the price of cigarettes, it was not a hate society that pointed at smokers to increase taxes. The contrast between rainy and snowy days is the highlight of this movie. Merry Christmas! The price of cigarettes in the economic recession and the people's broken lives is not bad It was a movie that made me smile. It's a story that everyone who pretends to be clean or not should see. Selling tobacco and tobacco taxes derived from cigarette butts, saying that smoking is bad, is not a national health policy or a policy to quit smoking. After the movie, I thought that the Moon Jae In administration would be a perfect Green government if it kept its promise to cut tobacco taxes.
1,It couldn't have been too much.
10,I remember someone saying that meeting a lover who broke up again is like watching a movie again, so everyone has a masterpiece that they want to see again.It's a movie where you can meet your ex again
10,Look at the facial expressions of all the characters and where their eyes are directed.It's a great movie with great directing and planning
10,
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I laughed at Shirley's expression when she threw it out of the cup
9,A touching movie that solved the problem of racism that could have been boring by being witty and immersive
6,It must be a really well-made movie that captures all three of the lessons of fun and emotion, and the outcome and completeness of the movie are considerably made. But after learning about the true story, it's a movie that makes me feel bad. At the end, Dr. Shirley's visit to the Tony family's Christmas party seems to be a heartwarming ending at first glance, achieved by Dr. Shirley's courage.However, despite the fact that Dr. Shirley had real brothers and was very close to his family, the movie contrasted "Lonely and Lonely Black" with "A White Family Full of Love and Family Love." Of course, the movie adaptation is inevitable if it is based on a true story, but I think it would have been very unpleasant if I watched this movie from Dr. Shirley's point of view. I watched the movie and looked up the real story. If I had known about it, I wouldn't have watched it
10,I feel so happy and warm because I can still feel deep emotions and emotions after watching it.Just as people live their lives differently, what values they live with are different, but Dr. Don Shirley will be remembered for a long time for realizing what direction to go!!!
10,It's a movie where tears and laughter come out at the same time. It was an unforgettable movie. Thank you for the production.
1,It's okay, but it's just a decent movie with 8 points. No. 1 is ridiculous.
10,The film is divided into two scenes where Tony throws two cups into the trash can and Tony willingly invites the Doctor to a Christmas party
10,I wonder what it is to live, but once again, my passion for life comes to my mind. It's a movie worth investing two hours that's important to me right now
10,Wow, please don't discriminate based on your looks
10,This movie is really neat
8,the priceless gains from discrimination
10,I happened to see it on OCN. I was really touched and I think it lingered for a long time. I think it's a movie where there's nothing perfect about acting and that's and directing. For those who haven't watched it yet, make sure to watch it once or twice. You won't regret it. It was so impressive that the two people, who were different from the emotions that humans could relate to in discrimination, felt touched by each other and changed.
10,Why didn't I see this movie in theaters? I regret and lament myself. If it's to be re-released later, I'll definitely watch it
9,The calm touch and constant humor give a refreshing feeling
10,A gun with a twist hidden in Tony's waist!
10,Just watch it. A heartwarming movie
10,It was so much funI'm touched that it's a true story!Your acting is the best! I watched it three times^^
10,Life becomes a fun and warm trip because you have a friend who sympathizes with you despite discrimination and prejudice.
10,
10,It's a beautiful movie that really warms your heart^^
10,That's all I can say
10,
10,I feel better when I see it
10,It was fun!Thanks to you, I saw a good movie
10,Overall, it was a solid movie. I think it made me think that it would be nice if there were many movies like this A movie that gives people a sense of relaxation! It's like a movie that frees you from reality
10,Do you know this? I'm Aragon, the handsome boy of the Lord of the Rings whom Valeronga saw when he was young I'm binge-watching "The Lord of the Rings" and I was surprised
10,Even the smallest prejudice can be said to be the beginning of racism, and all discrimination seems to stem from the selfishness and supremacy of human beings who judge by appearances. I applaud those who helped me live without seeing the world with colored glasses.
10,Perfection
1,
10,It's touching and every scene is beautiful. At the end, Tony's wife hugs Dr. Shirley and smiles automatically. I don't know if there's another great combination like this.
10,The movie is the best, but the irony is that Asian is what black people ignore the most
9,The Green Book is just the beginning. More importantly, it's a story that people make and get tangled afterwards. A good movie where the story is purpose-bound and breathless, really free and doesn't miss the message.
10,
8,Shirley, who is infinitely insecure in her graceful gesture. Tony, who is infinitely warm in his clunky gestures. I respect the actors for their performances.
9,It's a really good movie. But will it get a higher rating than Shawshank Escape?
10,It's funny to throw chicken bones out of the car door
10,I've seen a lot of movies while staying home, but it's definitely the bestIt's a blockbuster movie, or a partner that you don't watch often, and it makes you look for other movies, including laughter and calm emotions
10,
8,The score is higher than I thought. Did I expect too much?
9,Tony's acting was natural and nice to see cool
9,There is controversy over the true story, but it is a touching and very interesting movie!
10,It's my first time leaving a review. It's really fun
1,Moonlight, 12 Years of Slavery, and Get Out, where you see Dr. Shirley, naturally permeates the protagonist's life and makes him feel that racism is a bad thing, but it's more like a collection of cases where black people can be discriminated against in American society than a plot. It's about 6 points, but to adjust the score, 1 point
10,The reason why I hesitated four or five times whether I should watch this movie was because the main character was black or because there was no top star actor.I can't help but admit after watching this movie that I may not have felt familiar with or disagree with the natural fact that great people may have black people.I could feel that the world is no different from the past, here, or the other side of the globe, as people who feel happy after listening to beautiful music and words despite the terrible poverty of living a day or two.The more I get to know, the more I think it will be hard to forget the story of a fate-like meeting between a driver who wants to be friends and a genius pianist who longed for a warm love.Every Christmas, I think I'll want to be invited to a dinner party at my Valeronga house.
10,
10,Trite doesn't mean it's worthless.
10,A movie that makes you feel good all day.
10,Let's watch it comfortably without any expectations There are so many touching and fun scenes. It's the best!
10,Merry Christmas. The beginning of a family is another person.
10,Why is this movie so interesting?
9,Even if it's a common ingredient, it's a skill
10,It's so touching and funHow hard it is to break prejudices.It makes me wonder if we're stuck in a rut
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I've learned what it's like to be decent.Tony, who responds emotionally, and Dr. Lee, who responds to prejudice and discrimination without losing his dignity. Looking at the main characters in different styles, I thought about what kind of person I am.
10,As time goes by, the change of the two makes a gentle impressionable.The movie that I watched 4 times is the movie that I watched without any time to be bored
10,It's an Oscar-winning film. It's a different level from a trash swindler family real-life movie.
10,
10,The more I see it, the more I cry. You have to be brave to change the world. It's hard to say, but it's true What I see isn't everything in the world!
10,
10,funny, interesting, amusing, entertaining
10,The world is full of prejudice. Prejudice seems to come from ignorance. I think this movie is really mature.
10,I cried a lot while watching itㅠㅠT
10,
10,It's just so much fun. I think it'll be more fun if we get to know more about American history
10,be short of a rating of ten This is the movie of my life!
10,It's the best movie of my life Make sure to watch it
9,It is good to understand each other and become more and more advanced humans.
10,Wow, this is real. It's fun~~
10,I like movies like this. Humor, Humor. Human
10,I can't forget Shirley playing in a restaurant on her last Christmas show... the best movie of my life beyond La La Land
10,The director's ability to make the obvious story of building a pleasant friendship between black and white people, all of which are contradictory, wonderful with sophisticated screen and direction!
10,To maintain dignity is to win
10,I may think it is a common theme, but the movie made me think a lot and gave me a touching and calm aftertaste without being bored. If someone asks me to recommend a movie or what is my life movie, I will answer without hesitation.
8,A fully predictable flow, but there is no boredom and a calm aftertaste throughout the whole time.
9,Through the journey of the two men, I think we've done a good job of directing how important and difficult racial equality is. I lost track of time and enjoyed it
10,Dr. Don Shelley's untidy words and actions seemed lonely and lonely It was a movie that made me think about how to compensate for the sadness of black people I really want to meet someone who can fill each other's gaps
10,
10,
10,I was so impressed that I could see it well
10,Why did I watch this movie now?a delightful and delightful film
6,I was moved by Mahershala Ali's performance.
10,I could understand the sadness and resentment of racism that I thought it was a travel-related movie, and it made me feel that everyone has no inferiority complex and inferiority complex in their lives, that the sky is fair, that I don't know about the world that I haven't experienced.
10,I saw it as a waste of time because of the high rating, but it left lingering feelings It's been a while since I saw a movie that I could think about
10,These days, the impressive lines that give me a good boost to myself, who live busy and have no deep thoughts.a masterpiece worth seeing over and over again
10,
10,
10,Covering all the boring scenes with just the acting of a U.S. travel story that fills in the gaps of two men of different races
10,It's a movie that warms your heart>_<
10,This is the best movie ever. Very good.
10,I'm not saying anything. Make sure to watch it
10,Everything is perfect, so it's been a long time since I've seen a movie that I want to see again as soon as I see it! I highly recommend it! Make sure to watch it! (Actually, it's my first time writing a review like this)
10,
10,I always win when I maintain the dignity of my life's movie Green Book
10,On a rainy night, Shirley got out of the car and walked alone, and when Tony stopped Shirley, he expressed his sadness with acting in the part where he expressed his sorrow about black discrimination, which he usually endured. And Shirley's piano performance was good to hear, and Tony's changing attitudes as he assisted Shirley and the process of getting closer to each other was brilliant and nice to see.It is a movie that I want to watch again.
1,The Shawshank Escape is all fake, bbanggu
8,If I had lived like Tony,
10,Throughout the movie, I didn't want Christmas to come when my trip with Dr. Shirley ended. But it was too bad that the time came soon. A masterpiece that I want to see again
10,I didn't know the time went by, and I enjoyed the comedy in between. I really enjoyed it
10,I feel the sadness of people who are being discriminated against even more deeply, and I hope that discrimination will be eliminated from this world.
10,It's just people and love. The Story of Man's story. I respect you. It is the movie of my life movie.
10,Don't pretend to be impressed by the movie and stare at Southeast Asian people you encounter on the subway right away. Asians are no different.
10,
8,Valeronga's temper is scary.
10,Green book. Wouldn't there be a green book in Korea right now?
7,A calm film based on past black discrimination in the United States. But why does American Black's discrimination against Oriental still exist in 2020?
9,It was an interesting and not boring movie It's a movie that I focused on without realizing it
1,[[Everyone, search for a green book on Google] The reason I saw it. I won an Academy Award. Review. I don't know. It's because it's too boring, but it's an obvious story. It's not smooth. It's for the show Award? White Supremacy in which white people save black people, even though they used the racism of their favorite subject. Besides, it's not a true story at all. That's why I thought it was disgusting. Valeronga boys wrote the script Everyone's complimenting you on whether you've never seen a black movie before or if you're stupid The movie was a completely new movie because I searched weirdly all the time; it was a movie made up by Valeronga's son who was cut off after a year and a half tour; was it a movie with racism at the end? Friendship until 2013 with a dangling Don't Sherry at the end? And then there were no pictures. Maybe it wasn't weird, but everyone was talking about the puppy... That's so low. Everyone, google the green book. Tsk tsk tsk
10,
10,
10,I'm touched by their friendship across races, but I'm still overwhelmed by racism
6,Above all, it's not a true story. It's just what Valeronga's son claims. I took everything into consideration and thought it was fiction, and there was a bitter and uncomfortable side to it as a commercial movie tailored to the taste of white people, but I was able to understand the ridiculous racism of the time and watched the two characters with a sense of immersion. If I had corrected it except it was a true story, I would have added another star.
9,I can't believe there was a time like that.Just a few thousand years ago! How difficult it is to not lose your dignity in spite of insults and insults! He does the hard thing! A life that protects one's dignity without becoming vulgar together is beautiful. It's lonely, but Merry Christmas to everyone!
9,A movie that many people want to watch
10,I turned it on without thinking, but I lost track of time. It was so famous that I wondered why I finally saw itI'm sorry to hear that if we competed with Parasite at the Academy this year, we'd have a bigger audience
6,The movie itself was really fun, but the process of making the movie was so trashy
10,I was nervous until the endIn the mid to late 20s, there's something that makes your heart raceI was able to see a warm friendshipIt was touching and I enjoyed it!
10,Ocn is playing it... It's raining... Even while I heard the window hit... I lost track of time. a heart-warming movie
9,
10,A masterpiece that you need to see at least once!
10,
10,Pride and Prejudice, and... A movie that everyone wants to watch
9,It's actually a gourmet road movie. Lol Eat a lot of hot dogs, spaghetti with a big meatball made by your wife. Kentucky Fried Chicken, Pan-Folded Pizza, Premium Course Food, Southern Black Soul Food, American Rest Area Fast Food, Whiskey with Ice in Glass, Orange Bird Set, etc. I want to eat and drink everything.
10,Tony Shirley, may your friendship last forever. I'm so happy when Shirley opens her chicken and smiles. ♡
10,Hey, I'm sorry about this academy.ㅠㅠ By the way, I got an award for my work, but I think four parasites are too much.
10,It's a really warm and full movie. I'm so happy
9,I really want to eat KFC...
10,
9,It gives a calm impression with easy directing and acting.
7,If you watch it, you can feel that it is a movie that deserves an award. It is light, fun, and comfortable to watch, and the music in between is so good
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece
8,The movie is so good
10,I enjoyed watching it. The performance was good and I enjoyed the actors' acting
9,Courage is my existence.It's hard, but we have to live.
10,Merry Christmas
10,
10,
10,It's a really well-made movie that makes you realize it again. Just look, you don't regret it.
10,Throughout the movie, I wondered if it was Vigo Morteson, but it was real. I am so hungry for this kind of movie. I wish I could watch one a day and feel full of soul.
10,This movie is not just about racism. Rather, it's a movie that makes us look back on how many friends we miss and live with our true neighbors, so we're not happy. As a bonus, the film shows that happiness is not such a grandiose thing, but it starts with writing a letter with a heart for his wife.
10,In short, it can be said that it is a movie that is calm like a piano performance but has enough influence. In addition, the actors' acting skills were more than that of the Steinway piano.
10,I was happy the whole time
10,I almost spit out Kentucky Fried. It's so much fun
10,There's no other movie like this that was perfect
10,
10,
7,Don Shirley played the piano in a bar with only black people, and I was so excited when other black people played the ensemble next to me that I was dancing with my toes. As expected, I think I prefer black music.The movie was just calm, but it wasn't that touching. But I don't have any regrets. The conversation between the two was funny. Racism was abhorrent
10,I can't believe that the friendship between men can be so touching
10,I wish all discrimination in the world would disappear.
10,A movie that warms the hearts of viewers
7,I'm sure it's a good movie, but 9.6 is...
10,I only enjoy SF action thrillers, but I can't believe I watched the ending music for 2 hours and 10 minutes and watched 2 hours and 10 minutes again.On the contrary, after watching it, I found out that it was an Academy Award winning film twice in a row. It was a fantastic drama with a combination of comedy.If you have time, I recommend "Free State". It's not consecutive, but I've seen it three times.
10,It's the best movie ever. A must-see movie for anyone! A movie that makes me reflect on and think about my prejudices.
10,It was very fun and touchingI smile all the time I see it and it's over. It's been a while since I watched a great movie~~
10,Make sure to watch it. It makes us think deeply about how scary prejudice is and what we do unconsciously now. I've never thought much about racism, but when we looked back at Southeast Asians in Korea, it was racism. The movie is made easy for anyone to see by humorously solving heavy themes.
10,Unexpected fun and touching. One of the best movies of my life!
10,Kim Hye-ri, a female critic of Hwang In-jong, who exists somewhere in the Joseon Dynasty, gives 10 points for wanting to leave a star in his review of "Until I Make My First Black Friend" from a white perspective.
10,It was a very moving movie. Their friendship was as good as a lucky idol. I recommend it!
8,The journey of learning to live with others beyond differences and prejudices is the green book of life. Although it is a familiar plot, it moves your mind pleasantly, delicately, and naturally.
10,White people's reflection on black discrimination that we're used to.  But regretting discrimination against Asians is always... ^^ One step closer to the parasite?
10,Aragon Bigomotenson's Second High Performance. Ali and the perfect combination.It's so compatible that you don't know who the main character is. If Mortensen had been nominated for an Oscar, he would have won as well. Problem is, Freddie Mercury's welcome is unfair
10,I hope other people watch it at least once That's what I thought
10,I watched it warmly.
10,I want to recommend this movie because it's a touching movie that has a good reason for winning the Academy Award
10,Mr. Lee, was it was Aragon?
10,A good man and a man's story
10,cool
10,I'm black. I'm not black. I'm not white. I'm a man. I'm not a man
10,The most touching and memorable movie since "Untouchable". A masterpiece where the next scene was expected throughout the whole time.
1,An honest movie that could manipulate ratings but not the audience. Let's adjust the score, part-timers. Don't you think this is not right?
10,
10,"Genius is not enough. It takes courage to move people's hearts." One of the trio said, "The two main characters lived bravely in the face of their own destiny, what a great movie!!!
10,It's the best. The message and overwhelming feeling of the movie is huge.
10,I was nervous until the end ㅠㅠ But I didn't know that racism in America was that bad.
10,Everything is close to perfection. I was surprised to see that the sweet and sweet so-called bias was treated so freshly that I was surprised that this was a true story.
10,I hate racism.
8,A calm, warm movie. It was depressing, but it leaves a different impression
10,Movies that everyone should watch, movies that only I want to know...
9,Crazy. Acting, directing, everything. I just really like everything. I want to give you 10 points, but I don't give it to you recklessly.It's 9 points. The movie that gave me 10 points... If it's 9 points, other movies will have 5 points.I've never seen a masterpiece like this since I saved Private Ryan.
10,Once upon a time, there was an audience review saying, "Open a green book when your life is hard," but I don't know where it went. Anyway, I think it's going to be a masterpiece before watching the movie. "Will it help you when you're having a hard time?' I wanted to, but I agreed with that while watching it. There's something that warms your heart. I thought it would be a monotonous and calm movie, but there are many three-dimensional, organic, and cinematic devices. The scene of "I see" at the tailor's shop was pitiful. He smiles gently even when he is discriminated against, but it breaks my heart to think about how much it will hurt. On the contrary, even when you laugh in a really warm situation, it causes subtle emotions. Sometimes I think of that when I watch a movie, I mix vanilla and chocolate-flavored protein supplements. Racial statement but just came to mind; Shirley elegant and suit-fit. The design always previews. And PIC translated very well.
10,
10,Even if I make it for 4 hours, I think I can watch it without being bored at all. Especially, the last scene where I play the piano was more touching because the chair of the movie theater rang with the sound of the piano
9,A refined race movie that appeared in Hollywood after a long time with PC movies. It's neat and clean, so it's good for ordinary people to digest.
10,Shirley's walk, which she had never bowed her head, remains in her head.
1,Is this a 9.6 rating? The actors' performances were good, but they lacked persuasion because the discrimination in the movie was less detailed and less probable. Tell me if there's any touching part. I felt like I was watching a Korean movie that forced me to be moved without context. I'm sure this score is manipulated by solving part-timers. All I can do is laugh at the ridiculous rating. In that sense, adjusting the rating ^^ International disgrace that a movie with a rating of 9.6 won no Academy Award and no nomination
10,
10,I didn't know there was such a great movie. I recommend it as my favorite movie.
10,Everything was a perfect movie
10,A strong friendship between people and people is one thing that you really want to get. Apart from racism, understanding and understanding someone is definitely the most beautiful thing to doA smile will spread around the mouth no matter who watches it
10,
10,
10,I remember the first face-to-face scene between Balleronga and Shirley that marked the beginning of this movie. Valeronga is a broad-minded, tough problem-taker, but not bigoted to Shirley, so the two could have gone on an eight-week journey. Can I understand a little bit of Shirley's feelings about choosing to perform on the southern tour?It made me feel a lot. I really want to recommend it to people around me.
10,A warm movie I haven't seen in a while.
10,Ballerong is good. Pronunciation, you guys
10,I've been sick and tired of watching movies with super heroes. It was nice to see a movie that focused on human stories after a long time.
10,The best movie I have seen recently was really interesting. Please watch it
10,
10,The Green Book will be one of many inspirations to enrich your life.
10,I don't know, Aragon
10,I was so happy to see such a good movie Thank you.
10,It's a movie that I happened to watch on my day off. As soon as I watched it, I searched it and left a rating. It's a really good movie :)
10,I was sad to miss it when it was released, but thanks to the re-release, I enjoyed it. It's on TV, but it's different from what you see in theaters. Thank you for the good price ^^
8,I felt like I was facing prejudice inside me that I didn't usually feel. Although nearly 60 years have passed since the era in the movie, prejudice, discrimination, and inequality against people of color still exist all over the world. Despite the spread of the coronavirus, we are living in the face of an inconvenient one
10,It's the best movie ever. The more we see each other, the better.
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's a movie where I can't forget about directing and acting
8,It's been a while since I saw a heartwarming movie
10,
10,It's a good movie. I'll watch it again!
10,have no choice but to win in dignity is bound to prevail
10,Only dignity can win. Dignity always wins.
10,Lonely people find it difficult to take the first step!It makes me feel a lot
10,
10,A masterpiece in a long time! One of the masterpieces in my hand!
10,The best movie in my 17 years of life
10,It's the best movie of my life! "Because it takes courage to move a person's heart."
10,The movie combines the friendship, family love of two men, and a small struggle for human justice in the South, where black discrimination was severe in the 1960s.A must-see movie!
10,It's a warm and humorous story
10,
10,a heartwarming movieTouching
9,A warm movie. Merry Christmas
10,
10,There is a reason for the high rating
10,
10,It's so fun and touching
10,Black people who were looking at Shirley while Tony was out of the car for a while, white people who told him to use the bathroom outside and couldn't even fit his suit. I'm sadder that Shirley doesn't seem to be far from us, how the hell does she endure that horrible world?
10,
10,This is what a movie is...Let's stop making straws and make a warm movie like this.
10,Vigo Mortensen was born in the U.S., and he's a great actor Lee Daryliano
10,Help, Hidden Pigs, and the Green Book are the top three racist movies!
10,Good. Thank you~~
10,Good! I can't believe it's all fun and messages
8,From throwing away cups to friends
10,Movies that you want to recommend to others
10,It's such a cool movie that I can deliver a better message in a fun way even if I don't cry anymore
10,While watching the movie, I was thinking about who to recommend this movie to.
10,Say with Dignity. Very good at capturing the emotions and events when two people encounter an incident.
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure you watch it
10,There's no discrimination in front of UJUNG
10,Discrimination doesn't reach you until you see it before your eyes. It may be somewhat out of the blue, but it was a movie that made me look back on whether I was being rude to my neighbors and others next to me. I can relate to you as a person. I really can't get enough of movies that are produced under the theme of racism.
10,I recommend it
10,
10,Friendship and courage beyond black and white
10,
8,The movie that I was ashamed of watching people with prejudice throughout the movie
10,Buddy Movie on American History and Human Rights. Let's go on a car tour to the south of the United States in 1962.
1,Grading for reduction due to excessively high
9,The story of two men who face the world in their own way about prejudice
10,I loved the story of Tony and Shirley overcoming discrimination
10,It was impressive!
8,A letter for everyone who's tired
10,Who decides the color is a great work
10,Even if you don't have time, just make sure to watch itIt's just the best. I was looking forward to seeing the little ladies, and they were boring I need to see this!!! It's just a good movie The immersion is good and it's not boringI heard that the first kiss was made by the director 50 times, and I enjoyed the movie, too, but it's a really good movie
9,It shows how one's values change well
10,It's touching and fun. The acting was great and I lost track of time.
10,I thought it wouldn't be fun, but I thought it was a prejudice after two hours.
8,Academy Award: Why Racism Should Go Away
9,Another masterpiece of bromance following "Untouchable"
10,
1,The movie's content was touching and the fact that it was a true story was amplified, but I was so disappointed that the relationship between the two was largely fictional. It is a movie with a very strong nationalistic color of white Americans.
10,It was such a beautiful movie.I realized again how bad prejudice against people is, and it felt so beautiful to draw an understanding and love for humans in the process of overcoming it.It is a heart-warming movie, and the ability of directors and actors to portray themes that can be heavy seems to stand out more. It's a great movie.
10,
10,I want to send my condolences to all the black people who lived in that era
10,Make sure to watch it. It's such a good movie
10,A movie that I was thankful that I could see in the movie theater with the re-release I enjoyed watching it so much that I didn't know how time went by.
10,It's obvious, but it's not obvious and it's like a warm movieI realized once again that it's important to have courage
10,Their acting was really impressive, and this movie made me feel a lot. A movie that properly satirizes racism.
1,The person who wrote the script for this movie is a racist
8,It's more touching that it's based on a true story.And it was more refreshing because the actors weren't familiar with it
10,
10,This movie is perfect for me.Everything is perfect. Comic touching message..An incredible directing skill that contains anger, sadness, twist, joy, and emotion in calmness. It's such a precious movie
10,What do you mean this warm movie!!! I don't know why I saw it now. It's a really fun and heartwarming movie. I think it will remain in my heart for a long time.
9,No one in the audience who comes out of the movie frowns on the white people in front of themA movie is just a movie
10,I loved the acting of both actors. It's based on a true story, so it's more touching. Best movie I've seen recently!!!
10,I had so much fun watching it. This is the movie. I thought it was a movie, so I didn't know the ending credit was going up until the end.
10,It's a movie worth 10 points.
7,I like the story. Rather than being moved, it was calm overall, so it felt warm. I also understand the intention of the movie. However, it is regrettable that there was no music that touched my heart even though the piano player was the main character. I saw the re-released movie as a side story, and it is probably the fourth movie I have seen alone in the theater since the November 2016 release of Lost in Dust. (Sillim Grape Mall 14F, Building 6)
10,
10,To Tony on his way to meet a friend, the expression and behavior on Shirley's face, anxious to offer him a formal employment. Tony's answer accordingly. I almost cried here.
9,It's more touching that it's a true story.Even now, perhaps we are dealing with people with indifferent discrimination and prejudice, drawing lines and looking...A relationship that began with Tony and Don's prejudice and ignorance of each other, showing their feelings and feelings? The process of understanding and consideration is really touching.Money that shows pretentious decency and can't live a real life and even claim rights to show that Tony is out of character with a black man in a different position. Tony knows how to maintain his dignity and claim his rights, and money has the courage to claim his rights, the real joy and...Both require moderation and courage.Let's not live a cowardly life.If you don't cheat on yourself and don't hide it from others, you can be the soulmate of life and life.
10,Oscar's choice was not wrong. Every scene was fun and everything was interesting. Such a movie can be said to be a true killing time.
10,My rating is the best in the movie. The story is solid and the immersion is the best from beginning to end. The movie is a fun and calm drama, and it shows how evil racism barks. Actor in the movie is the best. The car in the movie was cool, too. (Laughing)
10,
10,The second officer blew my head off.I wondered if this was a prejudice.
10,
8,That's nice. It's worth riding in the movie, but seeing this, I feel that director Bong Joon-ho is more amazing.
9,Contrary to whether it's true or not, it's a movie that shows great directing and actors' acting skills
10,I can feel the lingering emotions and emotions of you because you were inspired by it
10,To be able to see the Green Book now... I think it's a relief. I think it will remain one of my movies.
10,It's super fun. It's not boring for a second from start to finish.
10,
6,There have been so many movies like this since a few years ago
10,I think I've seen it more than twice. It's so much fun
10,It's touching. Prejudice is scary.
10,
10,While there are actors with similar accents and similar feelings in each work, Vigo Mortensen's acting transformation is amazing, from Aragon, the Lord of the Rings, to the silent Russian Mafia, and this time, to the humorous, perfect-accented Italian character. Isn't a truly good actor a person who shows a completely different acting ability in each movie?
10,
6,The acting was great, and I enjoyed it, but I don't like the white saviorI liked the development of overcoming discrimination like "Hidden Figures" with a similar theme
10,Maybe it's because it's a true story
10,
10,
10,It's touching. I can look back on myself being prejudiced
10,This is what 10 points is. The rating without a single part-time job
10,It's the best movie ever. Captured my ears, actors caught my eye.The movie I watched five times, it was always fun
10,
10,It's calm and moving. The acting of the two actors is excellent
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,A masterpiece that deserves an award. It makes me realize how painful life is to be discriminated against and put up with.
10,
1,The acting and directing were good, but that's too obvious
10,
8,I started watching it by chanceI'll have to rewatch the supersonic version first
10,I saw it late, but I liked the calm and deep feeling
8,Aragon is old. Time is... I'm getting old, too
10,
8,I think this is the first road movie about the origin of fried chicken
10,There was no sad scene, but after watching it, tears...Am I coming out because I'm overwhelmed and happy?Well-made masterpieces that linger over time.~~marry chrismas sir!
2,The movie is good, but it is very different from the real story, and I don't think it is an academy work, so I adjust the rating
10,Good! Look! Both of you are so cool! I need to work hard to be unbiased
10,I started watching it on TV without much expectation, but I enjoyed it a lot. a movie with a heavy theme but not heavy and thought-provoking
10,
10,It was so nice to be able to show the calm emotion, the reality of racism, and the duplicity. I'm horrified to find out that you're the Lord of the Rings
10,I just watched it on television, and it was back to the feeling I had when I was reading Uncle Tom's Cabin and I cried my eyes out어렸을 When I was young, I felt so sad and I had to live without prejudice, but I look back on myself again. Thank you OCN for the great movie! I hope these good movies are exposed to the broadcast
10,
10,I happened to watch it because it was on TV, but I really enjoyed the movie...Every time Shirley laughs, I laugh, and every time Tony gets angry, I think I get angry. It's a movie that leaves a warm impression.
10,
10,
10,
10,The lucky stone Tony picked up from the floor went through the car's dashboard in his pocket and onto Shirley's table.
10,Sunday at 2 p.m. a great movie. Mrs. Tony is really pretty
10,메리 크리스마스!
10,As I watched it, I felt that there was a prejudice, so I reflected on myself and it was a good movie based on a touching true story
10,
10,I just saw it on OCN and it was really impressive. It's one of the few good movies I've ever seen
10,It's so much fun
10,I like this kind of movie.
10,I ended up concentrating without realizing it. The first line of the police I met during the heavy snow drive made me nervous.
10,
10,
10,You two are becoming friends
9,The touching story of the friendship between two people with different personalities and different environments...
10,
9,Let's go together. E-mart, happy happy happy happy happy happy E-martE-Mart and KFC won't leave their minds
10,The best movie of my life
8,The movie was okay, but the political excess in the second half is too PC-like, and applause for Mortenson's transformation. Good bye Aragon.
10,It's so much fun. I laughed a lot It's my chord
7,It's too harsh for me, but it's an indelible stigma that should be covered by others can't be erased. Where does the stigma come from? Who gives the authority to brand, and who decides who should be branded.
9,It's certainly a masterpiece that's hard to put into words, and above all, it's best that Tory Lip's wife Dolores was an open minded person. Tony Rip, who met Dolores as a companion and Dr. Don Shirley as a friend, is the luckiest man ever
10,It's a good movie that breaks prejudice and fills each other's deficiencies
10,
5,The real story was the opposite. The movie is fine, but it's a little bit because your friendship is manipulated.
9,You can raise your emotions sufficiently without forcing yourself to do so. A white man who lives like a black man and a black man who lives like a white man. Applause for their friendship.
7,We fought back then, too.There's still racism.
10,Merry Christmas!
8,The movie is very calm and bold.
10,I'm speechless.  I don't know what to say about this masterpiece. I want to stand up and applaud
10,
10,A movie that shows what makes life shine the most. Our life on one side has shown that love and family love are sources that can shine throughout life beyond matter.It is a movie that makes you think about what is small but most important, and whether you are missing something small but important in life.The movie that develops the importance of family harmony, kindness, love, and eyes to see the world without prejudice, without using violence and slang, presents warmth in any era, and I hope you watch it.
10,Prejudice is the feeling that I make myself.Elegance can make a deep echo.It was fun to appreciate the actor's acting skills more deeply.
10,It makes me realize a lot of things, perfect directing, story, and acting skills of beautiful actors. It must be a must-see life movie
10,I wasn't the only one who wanted to be a KFCThe content is good, but it's also fun
10,The United States itself was treated unreasonably under British colonial rule at first, and then it was subjected to the system of black slaves to racism. It's ironic that you're human. But thanks to Tony, his wife, and a few other awake people, the world seems to be warm, too. But how nice would it be if everyone got out of that prejudice and had the idea that everyone was equal? Complete equality is also impossible, right? Anyway, Shirley and Tony, their friendship is so beautiful. Haha
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece. A good movie to watch at the end of the year.
10,If someone asks me to recommend a movie, I will recommend this movie without hesitation. It is really my life work
10,It's a movie that tells you what your identity is.
10,I hope everyone hasn't seen this movie
8,It doesn't feel like a cliche There is, but it was still worth seeing. A strange combination of black people like white people and white people like black people. It was fun to be influenced, and I think it's a movie that depicts the uncomfortable aspects of racism in the 60s quite well. There was some controversy about the movie, but the message of the movie itself was good and felt.
10,
10,Wow, I'm grateful that there's a movie like this. We seem to have kept our prejudices even though we know that all people should be equal. Through this movie, I felt that I grew up more
10,There's one more movie of my life movie. In the last scene, Don Sherry and Dolores exchanged words, which made me cry without realizing it.
10,It's been a long time since I last saw this movie.I realized again that prejudice is the scariest thing.
2,I was looking forward to it because it got the highest rating.I think it's a bit too much to have a rating of 9 points.I was going to give you a GPA, but I saw it with my girlfriend and gave you two. The story is so...It's obvious. I'm not so into it.I saw how many minutes were left
10,A proper movie! Acting, video, and music are all high quality!
10,It's warm, it's touching, it's even humorous. It's been good all along
10,I tried to watch it with a light heart, but I wanted to applaud all the courageous people who faced racism and the gaze of the present era, and all the acquaintances who supported those who had the courage.Thank you to the director, staff, and actors for making a good movie. I think this movie is more meaningful because it is based on a true story. I hope many people will see it and create a warmer society.
10,The last time Dolores hugged Shirley, I was moved to tears without realizing it.
9,The moment I admit that maybe my beliefs and social attitudes are wrong, prejudice has already begun to break
10,The music is beautiful, the content is perfect.My boyfriend recommended it to me, and you're the best.
10,
10,It was a movie that I watched after a long time, but it was a heartwarming movie.The true story was touching, and the situation and reality at that time were sad and sad, so it was more touching, pleased, and heartwarming.
10,I loved the music playing throughout the movie. It's a movie that makes me think deeply about racism
10,It was a movie that I watched without anticipation, and it gave me a lot of emotion and lingering feelings. It's the freshest movie I've ever seen. I felt like I had traveled to another country.
10,It's a movie that's touching and exciting!
10,The acting, story, and video are all great and comical. There are many cute points in between.It's been a while since I watched a really good movie!
10,Even if the results are expected, if you draw it plainly, it's heartwarming again
10,It's fun. I recommend it
10,
10,It was a story I knew to a certain extent, but when I saw it in the video, it felt different. The piano performance was good, too. How far is the selfishness of humans?
10,Am I living my life proudly?
10,Good. A heart-warming movie.
9,It's a good movie. Racism should be banned. But I should discriminate against Jjanggae.
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch itㅠㅠT
10,ㅠㅠ I stole ten tears from Charlie's lines in the rain
10,Good. It warms my heart
10,Lastly, I'm smiling without realizing it
10,The movie that made me log in
10,The moment the police officer's next line came to mind, I was just a human being.
10,
10,It seems to be a contrast between vulgarity and elegance, but in the end, it is a story about love and relationships with humans.Natural acting, such as implicit lines and ad-libs, all add to the emotion
10,
10,It's a calm but deep movie that gives a happy echo
10,I want to try the orange bird I think it's going to warm my heart
10,This is a real work of art! A masterpiece that is calm, pleasant, and touching!
10,Tony is so funny. I strongly recommend it
10,I love it. Just watch it
10,
10,I think it's a perfect movie, but it's still lingering after watching it, but I don't feel bad or uncomfortable, so I want to bring it up whenever I want to think about issues such as discrimination! Time flies!
10,Please let everyone watch this movie
1,There are so many better movies than this, but I can't accept that Green Book is rated number one It's a better movie than the Green Book if you just watch JoJo Rabbit right now
7,Prejudice caused by repeated experiences of damage acts as a defense, but prejudice caused by racial hatred acts as classism and oppression. The effects and results of the two biases on society are very different, so they cannot be placed on the same line. This difference is an intersection that is consistent with all disgust (misogyny, sexual minority hatred, disability hatred, etc.). Therefore, Tony's line, "Italians will not be offended to say that they all like pizza," and the scene of "Police reappearing again" at the end of the movie reveal a shallow understanding of the social pathological phenomenon of disgust. The device designed to awaken the audience's prejudice is actually incorrectly inserted from the first button, which makes viewers feel bitter. Looking at the present, where discrimination has become more modern and subtle, it was regrettable that it was approached somewhat bluntly because it was a true story a long time ago, but a cinematic attempt to break the stereotypes of insensitive people was good.
10,A movie that asks very modestly the question of how to deal with discrimination, not the answer
10,That Aragon of the Lord of the Rings...LOL
10,It's obvious but good. It's boring but good.
10,If the Green Book was released in 2019, Parasite's work award would not have been possible.
9,I think modern racism is a crime of malice, but I think that racism and ideas of human inequality of the times are some kind of ignorance. But isn't it the difference between humans and animals whether or not they feel ashamed after overcoming their ignorance after time?
10,
10,You can see the social reality of the time without stimulation.You can feel calm happiness after canceling the last Christmas celebration.
10,You're right about racism in the United StatesIt's more like a true story. I like calm, touching, and thought-provoking movies
10,It's a crazy movie... Wow... It's a masterpiece...
10,I'd like to give you the highest score that you're willing to give.I thought it was an obvious story before I saw it, but it's so simple and pleasant that it resonates so loudly.I hope it will be a world free of racism. from the bottom of one's heart
10,What a fool it is to have a movie bias that I want my children to see With your eyes closed, could you tell who was black and who was white?
10,My heart is happier than my eyes. Stronger than tenderness
9,You were Aragon in the Lord of the Rings?No wonder I saw you.
10,You don't need words. You're so funny
10,Each scene hurts so much and it's heartwarming. At the end, tears come out
10,You can't find true self and happiness if you try to keep your current safety just because this is okay now. To get something, you need the courage to do it! A house needs more complex and subtle than physical space. Like Ali's letter.
10,It's so touching and on the other hand, it's so sad. Damn racism
9,Someone recommended a good movie before, but now I watch it. It's a good movie that warms your heart. I like the story development that is not boring, and the music is good. The actor who plays the role of a pianist is so cool.^^
10,I'm sorry I didn't see this movie in the theater I wish it would be re-released!
10,
10,
10,It's touching. I've come to think again about human rights and discrimination.
10,The true story of our country is that we are forced to work together with fiction, but the true story of Hollywood is always like the real people Two Pope Moneyballs, Once Upon a Time, America, 12 Years of Slave, Dream Girls, and so on. Of course, there are movies that they made as well as the managers of Namsan Mountain recently
10,I was worried about what would happen to them. But I'm glad it was a relief.
9,America is best at making movies about racism.
10,A movie that touches my heart.
10,I watched it without any information, and when I saw Nick Valeronga go up at the end, I got goosebumps. I am glad that it is 20 OOO.
10,
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that still lingers in my mind
10,I envy you for your wonderful life. You're an example in many ways
10,A masterpiece that deserves an Academy Award for Best Picture! It is a series of sad and cruel prejudices and insults, but at the end, I made a smile naturally with tears without realizing it! The best movie ever!
10,
10,...courage + trust = trust
10,It's a good movie for other people to watch. From children to grandparents, I think it'd be good to watch it together or alone
8,
10,
10,I'm touched. And fun!
8,Racism is still as serious as discrimination against women... If Mahershala Ali were white, of course she'd be a nominee for the lead role. I wonder how the actor's role was a supporting role.
10,
1,My life's work
10,It was fun. I like the bromance of Don Sherry and Tony Balleronga, which re-think even the prejudices of everyday life.
10,It's my life movie. Even though I like commercial movies, I'm moved by movies that have quality. I think we should reflect on the fact that these movies were not more known.
10,Well, I hope you enjoyed it.It's kind of like a movie defense structure.It shows how a person who used to despise black people changes
10,The middleman's position can break anyone's prejudice. Take off your colored glasses. We're all just Homo sapiens.
8,a heartwarming movie
9,The three dimensions of the two main characters were interesting.It's not a 4D movie, but it feels like 4D.
10,A movie that's not missing a single thing many times
10,If I'm not black enough, and not white enough, and I'm not man enough, what am I? Then what am I? That line really hit me. Dr. Shirley, who can't fit in on this side or that side, and who has to fight prejudice. It was heartwarming in the movie, but how much more discrimination did he suffer from because he was black until his death?
9,A movie that makes me realize a lot. It's fun! Recommendations!
10,Appropriate push-pull performance. An unpredictable story.
10,How far is human prejudice. I also thought about the movie that I took for granted as if it were DNA that I had when I was born beyond prejudice. In America, white and black people, and in Korea, nobleman and OO...
10,A movie that looks inside, not outside
10,
10,The confusion and loneliness of black but not black identity, and Tony's roughness and humor created a touching bromance
10,When I think of this movie at the moment of anger in my life, I realize that my anger is nothing compared to the discrimination he would have experienced throughout his life. So this movie is precious to me. I appreciate it. I mean it's...
10,It's a shame a lot of people didn't see itIt's like a hidden pearl♥
10,It's a movie that warms my heart because it shows the process of two people being friends, not heavy but witty! I watched it with my husband so much fun~ Actually, I didn't expect it and trusted the rating, but it became one of my life movies!
10,A movie with a gentle touch! Story, acting, perfect
10,The Meaning of the Green Book
10,What a wonderful movie...
10,It is a familiar plot structure that fights prejudice and recognizes differences through communication, but it is one of the best movies of our time that can be more empathized by drawing it movingly.
8,
10,I've only heard of it, but Ocn did it for me, so I watched a good movie~~~ The calm fun, the situation at the time, and the story of the two men were both good~~
10,I happened to watch it on TV and it was so touching
10,A movie that makes you feel at ease after watching it
10,I watched it late, but it was the best movie in recent years.A movie that I remember when it snowed.
10,It's so much fun ^^ I watched it twice~~
9,
10,잘 됐네요. 좋아요.
10,Oh... Cigarettes in there.  My neck hurts.
10,
10,I want to call it the peak of a calm movie
10,The fit of Shirley's outfit was so dope
10,
10,No. I'm a neighborhood drum.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,
10,
10,Tony, who had the courage to face the world's gaze and prejudice, but could not face the prejudice he created that he could not be part of anywhere else, so he changed Shirley, who couldn't reach out to anyone.It's also Shirley who changed Tony.The hot hugs of the two men in the last scene were really beautiful.A movie that warms my heart by the smiles of two men who build from the bottom of my heart. I think it will be the best masterpiece of my life.
10,
10,Even though we look different, we're all friends
10,The material was provocative, but the directing was never
10,Although the big picture of transcending black and white races is obvious. Episodes and actors' performances are just great. It's a touching story that's hard to see these days. Although I watched it late. I strongly recommend it!
10,
9,You can make it this sophisticated with the theme of hatred and overcoming it. It is too different from the 82-year-old woman who hates, encourages, and paints as a believer. Or something that's as good as people who can see it?
10,
8,
10,Is there a reason to like it?
10,Nananana. x2 Happy happy happy happy~
10,
10,It's nice. It's been a while since I' up
10,I just went to watch it comfortably and it felt like I watched my life's
10,It's the best movie ever But the critics, even the movie, are suffering from that diseaselol
10,It's the best movie ever. Recommend.
10,If you want change, you have to have the courage
10,I can eat it. It's touching and fun
10,
10,I regret that I have not seen such a fun and touching movie in the past few years. I didn't even know that such a movie was released ㅜㅜ
10,It was a very green movie. It was a movie where you can enjoy the feeling of warmth, emotion, and bright energy spreading from the heart to the whole body when the film's curtain rises.
10,
10,a moving and jolly Christmas movie
10,Ha! It's a bit different from the actual story, but a well-made film
9,
10,The movie of my life!I'll have to watch it again
10,There's no need for words It's the best movie of my life
10,I watched it four times, and now he must have felt more like this. I can feel it a little bit. It is a simple but wonderful movie on the inside it's a great movie.
10,A really good movie that makes me think about a lot of things warms my heart and also makes me feel sad Once again, I was surprised by the true story. In a word, it's the best
10,About the courage that Shirley and Tony both had to have
10,I was impressed.
10,It's a shame that a lot of people didn't see itIt's a really warm story.I learned, felt, and realized~^^
10,The scene in Orange County, where Tony, who was besieged with prejudice, and the Doctor, who was trapped in culture and solitude, were both free to enjoy, was a real art
10,
10,I feel like I've got less than 10 points for a masterpiece.  The scene where he plays Chopin Tude in a black pub is so overwhelming
10,
10,It's fun and touching the whole time I watch it. It's a must-see movie.
10,Bigotenson acting! It's so touching.
10,My heart gets as warm as the blanket in the cold dawn (*˘``*) ♥
10,
9,I was touched when a man who was lonely by discrimination and prejudice received his last warm hospitality
10,It shows the dignity of an Academy Award winning film. It's such a good movie. Strongly recommend.
10,
10,
10,Applause for the courage to overcome prejudice
10,
10,It's my first time writing a score I wanted to spend Christmas with my family for the first time. It left a lingering impression on me. It was a great movie
10,It's been a year since we saw each other. It's a masterpiece. Really...  I don't need words
8,It's worth seeing, but it's so deified. Don't expect too much It's just a movie that I can watch when I have time. It's not a masterpiece
10,It's so attractive that I can't say what I liked about it's a piece of art
10,There are so many people in the world who are lonely because they can't take courage.
10,It was a movie that was fun and touching and made me feel goodGood, good
10,
9,The message from there is strong though it is subtle. It's a good movie
10,It was a great movie, especially the last scene.
10,The two main characters were opposite to each other, but they were so attractive. The story is solid enough to focus throughout the movie without sagging or loose sections, and the actors' acting skills are also a hit. If you're wondering if you'll watch it or not, just trust him and watch it. It's oyster fun.
10,Prejudice that I end up with because I don't know you. When you live with a lot of people, you can see how terrible the prejudice is and how cruel it is.
6,Combination of cold and hot
9,Even though they have different personalities, their combination is the killing point. Two people have a special ability to make them smile, not force them to smile. The idea that a perfect person can be born if only one-sided personalities complement each other's strengths gives me deep enlightenment and lingering feelings.
10,Shirley's facial expression is real
9,It's been a while since I was immersed in the main character and watched a fun movie
10,A movie that gives you a lot of thoughts about racism. What amazes me after watching is that Nam Joo was Aragon, the Lord of the Rings. Really. That cool guy?
10,A moving movie without tears. I wish I could play the piano at Tony's houseㅠ
9,The Best Christmas Movie
10,
9,It was a fun and warm movie
10,Chopin's last performance in winter was like a beautiful struggle for black treatment in American society at the time, and then jazz with black people was finally comfortable in his life, living like a white man.
10,I was so, so, so touched.
10,Dope! Balleronga!Directing, acting, story, and visual beauty are all good
10,Remark: Mortensen's acting is really great One of the unforgettable movies!
10,
10,It is the first movie to leave a review. I hope you all watch it at least once. The video was good, and I lost track of time from start to finish. It's a movie I want to watch again.
10,It's good, but I can't say anything about it'I think it's a warm movie!
1,not much
10,
1,It's a good movie to adjust the rating, but mid-9 is ridiculous
10,Why did I watch this now? ㅠㅠ jackpot
10,After all, it's just the same person, but it's white and black. It's kind of touching. a moving film
10,I can't believe Valeronga was that sexy guy in Eastern Pramis who pulled a cigarette with his tongue. He's really good at acting. It was so much fun!
10,
10,It was very meaningful.the performance of the actorsVideo Mystery. I watched it in depth with a small smile and a calm and deep emotion.Sounds like a good movie for over 30s
10,I feel sorry that I didn't know this movie until now.I think one of the advantages of this movie is that it mentions the issue of racism. I hope you all watch it. The real story is solid and the movie has a calmer charm than anything else, making the viewer immersed in it. The movie that was so touching... Moreover, I am even more surprised that it was made based on a true story.
6,The Academy Awards aren't all outstanding, just like they've been awarded for racism
10,I don't leave a lot of comments, but it's been a while since I saw my favorite movie!At first, I hesitated not to watch it because I thought it would be boring, but I lost track of time For those who haven't seen it, you're saving your happiness!
10,This is called a movie.
10,It is a movie about racism, but it was a good enough movie, including the process of solving it and the chemistry of the two main characters, Tony and Shirley, and the beautiful visual beauty of various parts of the United States, and Shirley's piano playing music.
10,
10,
10,a movie that breaks prejudices
10,It seems to prove itself that dividing 'class' by race is still an underdeveloped being and immatureWho divided the class into high and low?Who agreed on the sharing and it defined it? I was deeply moved and thrilled by the courageous approach to the last scene and the undifferentiated gaze toward him.
10,- 그렇죠 - 기초부터 시작하자
9,It's always nice to see the process of two people becoming friends that I didn't know well
10,
10,I thought it was the same name until the end of the Valerons Doleros movie
10,I thought it was an obvious role because you said white and black.But I can't take my eyes off a movie when I start watching it. A movie that's predictable and not predictable.Make sure you don't know the story and watch it.I had no idea it was Aragon.ㅠ
10,
10,It was such a beautiful movie. Maybe I'm not like that myself. a noble way of confronting its prejudices and absurditiesCourage to change perceptions. And a hug. This whole thing was beautiful
6,It was a simple subject and a simple production, but the acting of the two actors was great
10,
10,I almost didn't watch this movie because of my prejudice  We live in a forest of prejudice
9,a heartwarming movie
10,I think I can have a good dream. It's a warm movie
8,Tony, who seems ignorant but has self-identity, and Shirley, who is knowledgeable but searches for identity. a combination of contrasting and oddly fitting
8,The smoke is amazing. It's so touching and I want to see you again Wow.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,A movie that makes you smile the whole time you watch it
10,
10,There is no need to rattle on about this movie. One word is enough. Perfect
10,the best movie of one's life
10,It's a good movie that makes you think twice about racism, even though it's fresh and impolite, the driver's cool behavior is funny and loyal
10,
10,It's really hard to fight what's ingrained in society, unconsciousness, and consciousness. And even in South Korea, such a struggle is seriously necessary.
10,It's just a masterpiece. It's really fun and touching
10,This is the best movie I've seen in the last two or three years. I can feel all the emotions
10,It was the best. Like a virtuous cycle, I want to let others know
10,
10,It is deplorable that these are moments of incredible discrimination for us watching the film, but it is only a matter of course for those who are subjected to discrimination
10,The performance was strangely touching at the end of the movie's enjoyment
10,It's the best movie of my life. I strongly recommend it.
10,A movie that I was grateful to be able to spend my two hours with this movie.
10,
10,Mahershala Ali's acting in front of the mirror to cover the bruises is excellent! Ali could read the sorrow of everyone who lives with their wounds covered, including Dr. Shirley. Shirley.
7,It's worth seeing. It's a realistic movie.
8,The emotion that came without having to shed tears was enormous. I felt frustration and despair from him turning around without eating at the end, and I saw hope in the kindness given by the police officer on the day of the snow pouring down.I really liked the plain and heavy story
10,
10,It became one of the best films of my life
1,It's not bad, but I think we need to grade it. I totally agree with Sherlock. I could definitely feel the disgust of the white people, but I didn't understand Sherlock, who was being silly, and the white driver was rude and rude, and it seemed too far-fetched to tolerate it all, and it was just not fun to set up and directions.
10,It was a movie where I could feel a lot of emotions. I felt joy when Tony solved any problem, and I felt excitement in Dolores' letter that Shirley helped.
10,Oh! You're really the best. I love this kind of movie
10,
10,
10,It's a masterpiece. I'm glad I've seen it now It's really fun
10,The only movie available in 2018
10,Tony Balleronga was the Lord of the Rings Aragonese today. 연기 His acting spectrum is really wide. It didn't match at all.It's amazing
10,There's no need for words I just want to recommend this movie to everyone. It's such a warm movie
10,To be able to make a story about a person's positive influence and discrimination on a person so touching without a stimulating device. It's a really good movie that makes me want to be a good person. one of the best films of one's life
10,Like a happy dream on Christmas Eve, a movie with a strange warmth.
8,With a white man, naked at the National Police Agency... But why did you go there...?
9,It's so touching.    I actually like Bigomotensen's acting. Is this prejudice, too?Hah!
10,It's such a shame that I couldn't see you at the movie theater. Once I saw it, I just wanted to keep watching it two or three times. I don't know what it is. There's a story that's uncomfortable. Tony. He's just Tony. Dr. Shirley's acting was so natural. I'm nervous about every cut, but the last... My bias in the police scene. No one would be so prejudiced...  It's been a long time since I saw a great movie. More movies to watch every time.
10,I'm going to think about whether I'm trapped in a lot of prejudice
10,Best movie ever. May prejudice disappear in the world
10,I've been procrastinating and it's the perfect season! Although it was a year late, I am happy to start this year with Green Book
10,I knew there was a green book in this movie The story was good
10,A heart-warming movie! ^^
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen!
10,
10,It was so good that it was one of the top three movies I've seen in the last five years. Based on the Buddy Movie that transcends black and white skin color + Road Movie format that encompasses the central and southern parts of the U.S., sensitive black genius and white immigrants in the rough world form a strange ensemble. Vigo Mortenson's comic performance is perfect enough to make you forget the character of The Lord of the Rings. I give praise to the directors and actors who made these movies.
10,
7,I guess I had high expectations, but I wasn't that impressed.
10,Green book, a movie that I want to watch with my loved one on Christmas Eve. It was my first time to watch a movie in a movie theater four times. I miss you again.
10,
10,a piece of art, the best movie
10,
10,I really enjoyed it
10,Ha OO so funny ㅜㅜㅜ Mahershala Ali I love you
9,The movie was so lovely to watch the change between the two. After watching it, I became completely happy. But I'm shocked that it's a Remark Mortensen
10,The best movie of 2019. a catch of both emotion and fun I lost my laughter when I watched the extreme job I made to be funny, but I found my laughter while watching this movie, not even a comedy movie
10,I love movies like thisDiscrimination is bad
10,It was the most touching movie I've seen recently. Pinch the prejudices within us and show the prejudices of the times without filtering.Dr. Shirley's lines, which seemed to be how lonely he must have been in the rain, seemed more touching as both Dr. Shirley and Tony, who are white, changed. And I was surprised to see him play the piano perfectly Acting and playing... The story can be predictable, but the directing, acting, and great music overwhelm.If you haven't watched it yet, please watch it. Why did I watch it now? I was so sad after it ended. I was so into it that I wanted to see more of the story after that!
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen.It is a precious movie where you can feel and overcome racism in the past.I'll have to see it again.
9,videos and music touching the complementary relationship between a genius black musician trying to overcome racism and a white driver who is a party to it
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's touching.
10,
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.That's cool.
10,This doesn't need words. Just shut up and watch. It's a masterpiece.
10,Racist movies are always sad It's a good movie
10,Dr. Shirley, you can throw chicken bones, but you can't throw plastic cups
10,I didn't know anything, but I was eating chicken, eating my legs and breast, double the taste of chicken, double the fun of the movie
10,
10,They deserved better there, where it was more valuable, when the battered invaders came together and Immigrants went to a black club, not a full invitation to listen to them, and played Chopin's winter breezeBabel's roots are a piece of cake now
10,I didn't expect much and watched it at the theater. It was so much fun ^^
10,That's so heart-warming. This kind of movie is a real movie!
1,Rating adjustment seems necessary
10,
10,It was a perfect ending. Although they are so different from each other, the process of becoming friends was heartwarming.
8,
10,Added to the list of movies to watch again.
10,Personally, it's much more of a masterpiece than Joker.
10,I watched it from the middle of OCN. It was fun. At first, I thought it would be a trite story, but aside from acting and other things, movies are fun. I always recommend funny movies. I like jokes that are exchanged and not obvious. Wow, I thought it hasn't been long since I saw this, but it was last year. Anyways, it was the 2nd episode but it was so much fun I knew all the stories, but it was so interesting I've never seen a movie like this before It's so much fun
10,I recommend this song. It's heavy
10,I'm touched. When Donald brought champagne to Tony's crowded house... It was so warm.I think it would be a really happy life if I could have a friend like that.
10,I didn't like this kind of movie style at all, but I think it's a movie that leaves deep emotions and lingering emotions Now you're good at writing letters. There's something heavy about this line.
9,I didn't expect much.  It was great.
10,I really enjoyed it I can't believe it hasn't been a hundred years since this happened
10,
7,I watched it thinking it was an academy, but when I watched Parasite and watched it again, it was a movie about eating rich and ordinary people
9,Seriously, it's just like my friend's dad
1,Nothing more than killing time. It was painted as a friendship between an Italian-American and a wealthy black man, but as critics say, it only seems to be a way to make rich but poor black friends from a very white perspective.
10,I love this kind of friendship movie
10,Too bad I didn't see you earlier.Add to my list of movies of my life that I'll see again and again :)
10,I really enjoyed it
8,Merry Christmas.
8,A fun movie where the mixture of minor elements of racism fits nicely and the comic parts act as an appetizing sauce
10,Just look. I won't tell you
10,It was a perfect ending to a calm and beautiful movie. In the middle of the pool on a rainy night, I watched it until the end in the rain.An unforgettable movie
10,The classic background and vehicle, plus the white cast, showed good performances of past male figures and humanity.  A concert filled with prejudice and pretense while making each other's weaknesses hot?The tour shows the dark side of society at the time. Ali's facial expression, which was tightly packed with restrained acting, was enough to convey his inner sadness
10,It's the movie of my life after Hidden Figures. Racist people look so stupid
10,
10,I can see why Ocn showed it on Christmas.The green book that made me feel Christmas twice after Christmas
10,2019 My movie list...The best work of all!There are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who's seen it once!
10,I feel happy after watching it. It was fun
10,I think it's a great movie ㅠ
10,It's such a touching movie
10,
10,
10,I didn't expect much, but it felt like I found a jewel. The acting of the two leading actors is overwhelming.
10,It's not a waste of time. That's what movies are like
10,
10,
10,
10,It's my first time getting a rating.The best movie of my life.
10,No need to say, a great movie. The Green Book is a guidebook for black people to travel safely to the United States, and red clothes and props were especially visible in the movie. As if to show the contrast of colors. In the line of taking the stage not only with genius, but with courage, I think the red colors everywhere in the movie shone more compared to the safe green book.  Like Shirley's red tie, courageously visiting Tony's house. Like the red dress Dolores wore for Christmas, who had been waiting for her husband for a long time. Say nothing, it was a great movie.
10,The movie of my life... my heart was broken and I was so moved by the freedom of prejudice that I couldn't say and I envied their friendship
10,
10,
10,I was watching without thinking and I was touched
10,Let's throw away our prejudices, pretensions, and judgments about our lives.
10,It was a really warm and fun movie
10,It's sad to say it once. It's a great movie to say it twice
10,Violence is not the only way to fight prejudice
10,
10,It's a good movie to watch even now. I can't forget the sad eyes of black people working like cows in the fields of the South and black people being treated like aristocrats.
10,It's a prejudice that makes you look and think... If you break that prejudice, everyone is equal
10,I couldn't watch the movie at the theater, but they did it on TV, so I watched it.A really good movie
10,It's so heart-warming. I recommend it
10,A movie with a story, acting, fun, lesson, and emotion. The most complete movie I've seen this year.
10,The movie that reminded me of "The Lord of the Rings" in the middle
10,The Best Christmas Movie
10,a film with a boundless reputation  I'm glad to see this movie before the end of the year. I feel like I got a Christmas present. I hope more people see it.
10,the acting ability of actors a solid line It is a movie that makes me concentrate even though it is a drama. And I thought about the meaning of Christmas. A movie that makes you think about America. Anyway, I enjoyed it and enjoyed it a lot of course
10,I hope you watch it once
10,The Green Book, an ideological indicator of isolation, not a guide for black people, is no different now
10,
10,It warmed my heart to see it. It may sound obvious, but. I was really impressed by Christmas.
10,I want to see it again. Good!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,I watched the movie of my life again today.
9,
10,For the first time in her life, Shirley's smile was good and her sad eyes hurt.I want to pat you next to him
8,
10,I don't like calm movies...  This movie was fun
7,I saw it because it was an award-winning film, but it was a story ending with a simple pattern that seemed to have been seen somewhere because it was a repetition of the story of racism.
10,It's such a moving movie that you can solve such a heavy topic so warmly. So the message that the movie threw came to me big time It's been a long time since I've seen a movie with a smile on it throughout Above all, Vigo Morteson's performance as Tony is ridiculously cool
10,I missed it when it was released. I watched it on channel CGV this Christmas. It was so touching. The acting story was so solid. I really liked the movie
10,I wanted to go out on Christmas 2019 and have a drink with a lot of people, so I chose Bangkok because I wanted to take a break after a long time. It was so much fun that I thought I made a good choice. It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece. Heartwarming movie ♡ Oh, right. I'm writing it for the first time after watching it. The people who posted weird comments below seem like the bad guys in the movie
9,I have a wish that I always want to do on Christmas that comes back every year. It's a movie that strengthens your heart^^
10,It's a masterpiece that resonates with my heart.
10,The first movie that comes to mind when you think of a movie about racism.I'm sure I'll be looking for this movie more than three times in the future.
10,The acting was so delicate, the music was fun, and the directing was outstanding.
9,
10,It's really a new name In the last scene, I hope there will be more movies like this when the family treats the pianist warmly
10,Korean movies are a new drama for families, so I pay money to watch them, but foreign movies are not screened.
10,On the biggest Christmas day of my life, I feel like I got a present.
10,Oh... Let's end Christmas in a good way
10,It's a touching drama that I want to keep
10,
10,The best movie I've seen this year that's coming to the end of 2019!
10,It's a calm song that'sincere. It's a movie that makes the weak sincerely hope for a better world
10,It's the best movie ever.crying
10,♡ Merry Christmas!Thank you for helping me write a letter!
10,It was a movie that made us realize how scary prejudice and prejudice are
10,You'll know why they say it's the best
10,
10,It's so touching. First of all... I was really nervous that the atmosphere would get cold at the end. It's a movie where the greetings of Merry Christmas feel so warm
10,It's a great movie. I didn't recognize Bigotensen.
10,It was shocking that Tony was Aragon
10,
10,
10,There are a lot of people who are lonely because they're afraid to contact Lee Naeng movie first
10,
10,It's a warm movie to watch on Christmas
4,A movie that tries to brainwash the PC ideology that black people are fed up with in an era where they are not discriminated against. Why is the subject of black racism that was fed up in the 80s constantly being made these days? Why do we have to overlook the evils committed by white Americans in the limited space of America? Is it okay for us to be moved by the fabrication of the fact that Shirley himself and the bereaved family were angry at the filmmaking that they opposed? A month-and-a-half chauffeur fabricated that it was not a lifelong friendship between Dain and Shirley, who had a lifelong relationship with the black community and brothers, so this movie used the real protagonist for commercial purposes, right?
10,
10,
8,I was sad that it wasn't screened at a calm movie theater
10,A heart-warming movie!
9,A really good Christmas movie. The sadness of having to paint black is not alone.
10,The movie is filled with very obvious Buddy Movie events where financially marginalized and socially marginalized understand each other and become friends, but at the end, you smile. The biggest difference between the driver's relationship and the employer's relationship does not develop like a parasite is that the employer has dignity
10,It's a movie that makes you smile while watching the changing relationship between the two It stood out in all aspects of directing and acting, including scenes of racism, performing and laughing with a sense of humiliation. In particular, he expressed his dignity well so that the pianist could pay attention to pronunciation, gestures, and gestures
10,It's such a good movie
10,I was looking forward to it, but it's more than I expected
10,It warms my heart when I see it warms my heart.
9,Quietly and heavily touched. 100%
10,I didn't know until I saw Tony playing Aragon, Lord of the Rings
10,I recommend the best movie of 2019. The friendship between Italian and black people made me emotional.
10,Look ahead, Tony! LOL Fun, anger, sadness, exhilaration, surprise... It's a movie where you can feel various emotions. Shirley's lines in the rain are impressive. The friendship between the two looks good. I don't know why I just now. It's a movie that I want to recommend!
10,Wow, you have to watch a movie like this at the theater. It's a heart-warming movie. Aragon, you gained a lot of weight during the break. I was surprised, but the actor who played Alita Villan was so good at acting. I really enjoyed it I really want to recommend this movie to my acquaintances
10,Actor Ha Jungwoo recommended this movie. I watched it on TV. Why did I watch it now? I strongly recommend it
10,It's fun to watch Shirley's fashion. The movie used the color very well.
10,I watched it because I was curious because Ha Jungwoo recommended it.What a great movie!  Not only the actors' acting, but also the piano performance was goodIt's a good movie that I can put in my life movie!If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it!
10,The best Christmas movie ever!
10,
10,Merry Christmas!Thank you for the good movie
10,
10,Touching and warm movie ^^
10,I liked it because it was calm. Tony's personality was unexpectedly loyal
10,What do you mean, it was Mortensen? I didn't know but it was a great acting. I just enjoyed it
10,Stylishly, the true story of a heavy topic.
8,There are many movies of this kind. I'd like to give you seven points for a good story to score on, but one point plus the idea of reversing the black and white role
10,Such a wonderful and moving piece.Whether the outlook on life was completely different or the lack of each other while dealing with all the events they experienced while traveling together, the joy of watching them mix and change into a positive shape was enormous.A movie that I want to recommend.
10,It is a movie where you can feel warm emotion on a cold winter day.
10,I watched it all and cried at the end. Even if you look at my GPA...Also.. touching, fun ^^, why didn't I see this in the movie theater earlier?While watching, I couldn't miss all the conversations and scenes that I couldn't leave for a moment.It's a true story that's black but not black, but not white. Merry Christmas to all of youHave a warm Christmas!^^
10,Humans are all the same, not different...
10,The best movie! The story and the acting skills are impressive!
10,I really enjoyed itIt felt like the time to watch a movie was too shortEspecially, it made me realize that it can be beautiful and hot enough without beautiful background music or lines Thank you.
10,ㅠㅠ A good movie after a long time!
10,It was so much fun even when I watched it on OCN
10,a green book drawn on one's chestA movie I'm sorry to watch now.
10,It's so much fun! Such a warm movie, Joa
10,Make sure to watch the best movie of your life. Watch it twice
10,You give a heavy impression at the end...
10,It's surprisingly fun. It was brilliant!
10,Racism is only for barbarians I was heartbroken all the time I saw white people pretending to be noble when they still had that habit ㅜㅜ
10,There are many people who are lonely because they are afraid to contact first
10,It's a movie that makes my heart feel so warm.
8,Together, we were dumbfounded and angry at the prejudices we had and the ridiculous unfair discrimination And I was able to smile with warm friendship and loveThe story is predictable, but it's a movie that gives you small, calm emotions and things to think about. It's a movie that's more heartbreaking because it shows discrimination without being emotional
10,In a long time, I saw a work that expressed humanity and friendship naturally blooming in black and white discrimination in society at the time, which is not short, but fun.  It impressed me more deeply that this story was true.
10,Without squeezing tears, the tension in the relationship between the two is too plain.Besides, Bigo Maltenson's performance as a bully is so surprising.The acting of the two main characters felt like listening to a piano concerto. It was like seeing Chopin's harmony of black and white guns.
10,their friendship that shone even in a time of vague racism
10,
10,I hope you watch a movie that warms your heart-warming
10,Parasite and the Green Book for My Work of the Year
8,I like the bluster of Balleronga's personality. Dr. Shirley tried to hold back his anger and maintain his poker face despite the discrimination he received as a black man, but his eyes felt sad.
10,It was a movie about racism that is more relevant in the present era.
10,The two characters were so attractive that it was so fun and warm and touching that it was sad that the movie ended.
10,It's such a great movie.
9,I didn't do anything wrong, but I was sad to capture the appearance of being assaulted and discriminated against. Oh, those tearful eyes. The reason why I had to pursue straightness. I wanted a green car because it was cool.
10,There was no moving scene, but it was a moving movie. Tony's lines in between were a little annoying, but Shirley's sophisticated expression and line behavior made me really happy with his uninteresting humorLOL Also, I liked Tony's changing image. The actor's acting as Don Shirley was really cool and good. I liked Don Shirley in the movie, but the actor Mahershala Ali was really attractive, cool, and excellent in acting. I heard that you won an award for the Green Book, and I think it's worth it. I wanted to listen to Don Shirley's songs.And I'm sorry that I accidentally pressed it when I heard it's my life piece저I was going to click on the song recommendation, but I stopped...ㅜ
10,I knew about the topic of "Green Book" because it was covered in a surprise event. I don't tell you about the Green Book in detail, but I think it's well integrated into the overall content. So I liked it because it didn't really touch the heavy topic I think the cast of the actors is appropriate and the chemistry is good. Aragon, the Lord of the Rings, didn't recognize you at first! It's more interesting because it's based on a true story. The topic of black and white friendship overlapped with "Untouchable 1 Pro Friendship."I'm sure you hand-synced the piano, but it was very real and the music was cheerful and good, so my ears were happy too! I was able to understand the level of racism in black back then, and I was amazed at the way I was discriminated against for no reason just because I was black. It reminds me of the main character's line that used to vent his anger about him who wasn't black enough or white enough! Recommend.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I can't express it with my poor vocabulary. It was the best movie that made me think a lot.
10,I'm sure those who continue to experience unfortunate situations wanted to end with a happy ending It's a heart-warming movie. ARAGO from the past is the best!!!!
8,At first, the afterimage of Bigo Mortensen's "King of the Rings" was left, so it was a little difficult to immerse myself, but it was good to see that the unique romantic image naturally melted in the second half of the movie. It is both a postal matter and a periodical that shows the times of the southern United States in the late 1960s. I like the image of Don Shirley in the drama and it's drawn well, but the point to watch is that he's a troublemaker ^^
10,
10,It is a touching and warm movie with tension and fun every moment. I recommend you to watch it.
10,Aragon didn't know he was this person. Wow! Amazing acting transformation. I was happy to see that it was such a heartwarming movie   How hard and painful black lives must have been... Don't have any prejudice
10,It was like a Christmas present in 2019. Merry Christmas!
10,
10,
10,
10,From the middle of the play, my heart began to warm up. My eyes were mellowed with love and the corners of my mouth were up the whole time. It was a time for humans to improve for a while. I can sleep well tonight.
10,I watched it without thinking about what movie it was because OCN just did it, but I met a movie of my life before 2019 ended^^
10,It's really fun
10,It's a beautiful movie.
10,Today, spring, spring...
10,
8,A conversation with a police officer on our way to New York has so far shattered our prejudices in an instant.
10,I watched it belatedly. It's a great movie. It's the best
10,It's been a while since I received it again, and it's a really good movie. It's a heartwarming movie with a year-end atmosphere. On the other hand, this is the feeling that your heart gets warm after watching it!
10,It's a movie that really touches my heart. It was also a movie that made me look back on my life with prejudice.
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,Meaningful, funny, funny story, good acting...  Well-made movies
10,It's so touching. It's the best~~
10,It's not OCN. It's a good movie that you could've seen at the theater.Recommend.
10,Black people perform in front of white people, but they can't eat in white restaurants.Tony Balleronga is so cool...Here's to all Tony on the planet
10,Look at the green book. Now...It's real...Showing off...There are 4 kinds of 100 kinds of money, 100 kinds of money...Oh, my. It's Midramanasu.He's a tough guy, a tough guy, a tough guy, and a tough guy.Seunghee, how was your wife? Congratulations.
10,After replacing a flat tire on his way to New York in heavy snow, the officer said, "Two gentlemen, be careful. "Merry Christmas" Remains in my mind
10,Nonsense acting. Nonsense, true story. Nonsense friendship
10,The best movie of my life
10,Ah... I got it from OCN today
10,Wow... This masterpiece is on OCN right now?
10,
10,Tony who is like Madecasol
10,Bigomotenson is the god of acting.
10,a must-see movie
7,I can feel the warmth of the movie that expresses racism more than this.
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year.  There was a part of the rating review where I said I was impressed by the police's "Merry Christmas," and I knew what it meant.   I hope that the racism of black people will be completely eliminated. And the scene where I cried without realizing it was the scene where George looked at Tony while playing the piano in an exciting genre in the bar.  The ending scene was very, very touching and really the best movie.  The acting of the two actors was also good. Of course, I didn't know him.   I hope this kind of movie comes out again.
10,a gentle friendship with each otherMerry Christmas!
10,Although the facts and contents were a little different, Mahershala's inner acting was so sad and warm.
10,It is a moving movie that made me feel that racism needs to be eliminated a lot
8,What are you going to say when you first start watching a movie? It was a little boring, but it was a movie that reminded me of the background of the times and their pain, and the expression of the genius pianist's expression hurt so much, even I felt broken by the cheerful piano melody and the sad expression of the pianist who became so lethargic from racism
10,
10,I think I enjoyed watching a fun and serious movie
10,Thank you for helping me with the letter
10,The only thing I regretted while watching this movie was that I watched this movie on the plane instead of in the theater!!!! I was so moved when I saw it on the plane that I got emotional.
10,
10,Best movie I've seen this year
10,The movie that I really enjoyed! This year's best
8,It was okay. Thank you.
10,It was great.It was nice to see the process of two people who seemed to be different but sympathizing and sharing affection.
10,I laughed while watching it because there were a lot of comic elements, but in that smile, it was a sad and sad movie
10,It is a perfect movie with warm eyes, wonderful scenery, and lingering feelings.
10,Bo-ho wanted to drive around with them and eat Kentucky fried chicken. There was also a profound message of deep-rooted racism, so I was antagonized by white supremacy, but I enjoyed their friendship with a smile
10,"When I get off the stage, I'm just a black sheep to them.Because that's their real culture." It's full of selfish privilege, unfair discrimination, human beings who show off their presence and superiority by trampling and ostracizing someone.I want to be a warm person to those who get hurt in such a world.This movie is so good!
10,The biggest meaning of this movie is in the last scene. The warmth is so good that it will remain in my memory for a long time
10,A very warm movie. Merry Christmas
10,A good movie to watch on Christmas
10,Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
10,I just watched it, it's a movie I saw in December, but it's one of the top three movies I've seen in 2019! After watching the movie, the positive vibe keeps on coming around
10,
10,I hope it's a world without discrimination.
10,
9,Money, power, skin color, and discrimination against the group you belong to, all contradicting themselves on their journey together!
10,It's a movie that makes me look back on myselfMake sure you watch it
10,
10,Perfect screenplay, perfect acting, perfect afterglow, I don't know, I think so
10,I could see how ignorant I was of prejudice.
1,Thank you. My score is 1 point, too bad
9,Traveling with the green book
10,a dignified response to prejudice and prejudice, hypocrisy of vested interests
10,A movie that's not sad but makes you cry
8,It's fun. Movies with school holidays
10,
10,Maybe it's not people of color but we all looked at them with colored glasses.
10,Best film with a variety of stories with simple cinematic elements
5,It's a movie that's perfect for the uncivilized people who are sentimental
10,
10,Focus the whole time
10,It's a really touching movie I can't get over it.
10,This is a real movie...!
10,It's a touching story
10,A film with a beautiful blend of Dr. Shirley's grin and Tony's grin.
9,It's so nice to see you trying to understand each other even though you're different
10,Green book music was the best! ^^
10,A movie that shows the reality of racism in America at the time. The best movie that shows how moving you are. The movie you'll regret if you don't
10,
10,a film that lingers heavily
10,Whatever the actual facts, in the movie, I enjoyed it a lot. The story of just a few decades ago is incredibly fantastic. The fact that Valeronga was an Aragon was second to none
10,The friendship between Don Shelley, a mature and calm genius pianist, and his talkative friend, a white Italian immigrant. And great performances...
8,I enjoyed watching it. It's a movie with a lot of good scenes
10,A good movie to watch at dawn. There were heartbreaking scenes while watching. However, the prejudice that I had without realizing it was broken.A movie that I don't know but learned something. a heartwarming movie Make sure you watch it
10,A movie we all need right now
10,The emotions of that time were discrimination. Friendship was the best
10,How to free yourself from prejudice is deep interest and understanding
10,The two main characters are charming, cute(?), and the movie is fun, and after watching it, I feel warm and happy ^^
10,I was so angry at the discrimination that I found myself trapped in prejudice in the second scene when I was caught by the police. Complicated, subtle psychological warfare, beautiful, heart-wrenching lines, clean ending emotions.It was good to watch until the end of the ending credit, organize your thoughts, and shake them off.  Merry Christmas, everyone!
10,I feel better after watching this movie.
9,Tony Zola is cool. The Lord of the Rings?
10,A movie that I think of every Christmas
10,I didn't know it was a comedy movie, but it's a comedy.
8,
10,It's like a movie of my life It's a trite material, but it's a work that's better made than any other work. I really recommend it! Please don't download it illegally and buy it and watch it. I rented it on YouTube, but I regretted buying itHaha
10,It's so much fun. I would have been in trouble if I didn't watch
10,Why are you discriminating when we're all the same people? Why do you put up with it like it's a given! Dr. ㅜㅜ I don't think I'm black man.But you can't act as a man, not as a white man. ㅠㅠ
10,I watched it without thinking. It's a very meaningful movie
10,This movie is the best
10,Merry Christmas
8,Racism is something that is and should not be.
10,Do you need words? This is why humans recognize each other
10,A good movie to watch in winter. Story and directing, actors acting, and music ㅠㅠ
9,Each other is each other's teacher. Their friendship was more natural than anyone else in the unnatural era. The irony is that the world, which was so cold before it snowed, warms up only after Christmas.
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently. I was so into it that I didn't even know it's been 2 hours. When the second cop called me in, I was embarrassed, calm, not boring, and witty
10,
10,It was a time to think deeply about racism while watching this movie. And I think the actors' acting skills are so great that I was able to fall into them more. Good, good!
10,
10,I wanted to see the green book. It was my number one movie, but I finally saw it The movie was better and more touching than I thought. The friendship between Tony and Shelly, who are so different people, was so good to see, and it hurt me that racism against people of color was so severe throughout the movie. That no difference is wrong, and respect and understanding for each other seems to be the only way to live in this stark world where Tony and Shelley can live in harmony
8,How should I say this? It really feels like an American movie.
8,The calm wave continues deeply
10,
10,I thought it was 2 hours that passed without thinking, but it turned out to be a movie that made me think a lot
10,
10,
10,I heard it's a music movie, so I watched it. It was too deep I have a lot on my mind
10,It's a movie that touches my heart I really enjoyed it.
10,
9,I'm getting into it.
10,I watched it without thinking, but it's a masterpiece that's calm and lingers in my mind.This is the movie.
10,It's a review that I've never written before.For your information, I only watch thriller, action, and horror movies.It's the best movie I've ever seen.Thank you for making the best movie for me to have a happy morning.If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie that I enjoyed! Your acting, directing, and video quality are the best
10,Merry Christmas to all of you
10,
10,It's calm and the OST is good
10,It's really really well made. Impressed by the delicate production and impressed by the wonderful narrative... an impeccable and remarkable
9,A drive-away movie on a cool weekend with a good friend
10,Touching, prejudice and breaking down, discrimination and fairy tale comic
10,How scary is prejudice!
10,A good movie...
8,I thought I was an unbiased person and I was wary. But I found out that I was wrong while watching the movie. Shirley's line was impressive. It was a heartwarming movie that I would see every Christmas.
10,The movie itself is cliche, but it must be a touching movie. A movie that still lingers, and it's a true story.
10,I bought it after thinking about it, and I really like it. It's just perfect^^ Good luck.
10,It was a very good movie.
8,
10,Against the backdrop of racism. It's a wonderful piece that melts the process of one person understanding another. The Academy's choice this time is acceptable. Recommended as one of the works you shouldn't miss!
10,Mortensen, "The Lord of the Rings". Let's go
10,I watched the story of the two characters, sad, fun, and heartwarming! It was really nice to see a true movie after a long time.
10,Wow... It lingers for a long time.  Touching...
10,It's all the more touching that it's a true story. I recommend it!
10,It was a movie where I really liked the scene where we ate Kentucky Fried Chicken and laughed together
10,Totally, not even 100 points. I was so nervous that there would be a twist in the drama. Playing hard to get, acting, catching thieves and the last cop. That's the best.
10,I watched it right after it was released, and now I'm leaving a commentIt was the first movie I saw in 2019, but I want to say it is the movie of the year in 2019. A movie where everything was good
10,In the bathroom scene, I really felt how serious the duplicity of white people's discrimination and contempt was
10,
10,Encounters with the times, encounters with people, encounters with differences, the important thing is the existence of the inside of a person. Good night, Tony
10,Please watch a movie.There's nothing to be surprised.But I'm already into movies. A movie with solid directing, acting, and storyline shows its true value without stimulating seasoning.I hope you find the real meaning of the movie. Don't just think about how to put in the box office elements.
10,Tony is a very precious person in the mukbang world
10,This is a movie
10,I was nervous and watched it. I love the endingIt's a really warm movie
9,I agree it's a good movie, but...
10,I can't even say it.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I thought it would be boring, but if I hadn't watched it, I would have regretted it a lot
10,There's no need for words. The second time the police car came out, I felt ah!ㅠㅠ I was also obsessed with prejudice...
10,I dare say it's the best movie of the year
10,Let's be a person who can distinguish between others and discrimination
9,It's nice to be calm. I just like it. I really want to eat KFC It's enteritis ㅜㅜ
10,
10,The more I look at the green book, the more I look at it, the more I get impressed.
9,Even though I don't like such dramatic movies, I fell in love with them and felt various aspects of emotions. Laughing, anger, exhilaration... And a movie where you can feel the warmth...
3,I understand the message, but it's too obvious, and I see an intent to force it, impure score, and it's a well-made movie, but it's either a masterpiece or a movie that's overrated enough to rank first among all movies
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I don't know how many times I'll watch it~~
10,It was so good. It was more like a movie than any other movie I've seen recently.
1,It's a good movie, but it can't be the best
10,I enjoyed it. I'm sad that the price went down right after I saw this
10,I learned a lot and reflected a lot. It was uncomfortable and thoughtful, but I was so happy while watching it. The conversation between the two of us, the faces of the main characters, and the background ㅠㅠ Shirley went to Tony's house at the end, but I cried with emotionㅠㅠ It's such a good movie.
10,The lingering emotion...There are many people who live alone because they are afraid of contact. I can relate to that. I should live with dignity. While I'm writing this, pressure to use it well? Haha
10,I love this movie. I lament myself for not being able to express it properly.
10,It was a movie that I always put off just by looking at the title.At dawn when I woke up, I watched this movie like I was possessed just before. As expected, prejudice was a scary thing. I'm looking forward to Christmas
10,I really enjoyed it!I'll have to live with those fine lines in my heart
10,I cried. It was fun and sad
10,If there's another movie like this, please recommend it You can watch it all night
10,Wow, I really don't write reviews, but it's so touching and fun. I really enjoyed it It's the best movie
1,NAVER's rating has become trash, too. Look at the movie with the highest rating. It's not like playing human rights. All the movies that are nothing are in the top ranks It seems that the movie version is complete in their own way, as the lefties want
10,It's a really good, well-made movie. Every scene, every line remains in my heart.
8,Good ^^ A calm and cozy river-like movie
10,A movie as beautiful and cute as a fairy tale
10,Elegant, elegant, touching, humorous, and good movie
10,I'm deeply moved by the chilly autumn night
10,When I helped you write a letter, I thought Mortensen was very involved. I think you can have the pleasure of keeping a really warm and good movieAs a person of color, I can imagine the feeling of being discriminated against wherever I go, but it was vaguely assimilated and with the movie. It's a great movie
10,This year's minimum movie. Clap, clap, clap, good
10,The same pathetic comments written by stupid pemibugs are pathetic. Why? Can't you stand the friendship of men? If the pemibugs were white in the 60s, they would be living 100% racist. Poor pemibugs who are less intelligent than they are to self-reflect that disgusting personality.
10,It was a very sad but warm movie.
9,I enjoyed watching a calm drama.
10,There is a reason why the rating is high ^^
10,It's one of the top five movies of my life. ㅜㅜ The best
10,The movie is really good. I can see myself with a lot of prejudices after watching.
9,It's a movie worth watching!
10,A masterpiece! That ^^ itself
10,Take a look! It's amazing
10,A fun and warm movie. It lingers in the air Top.
8,The movie "Untouchable: Friendship of 1 percent" came to mind. Both are the same true stories, but the message is completely different. If Untouchable had the power to lead to laughter, Green Book builds a trustworthy friendship by placing more importance on each other's perspectives than laughter.
10,It was more interesting and impressive than Hidden Figures. The music, story, and acting are all perfect. If you enjoyed watching this, watch Hidden Figures.
8,A movie that's not provocative but fun and has a feel... A movie like this in Hollywood...
10,I think I was destined to quit my part-time job and turn around and watch this movie. And when my last wife hugged Shirley, I was so happy
10,This is a perfect movie.^^
8,a screenplay that knows exactly when to pull and when to push A performance that draws admiration and empathy together.
10,It's a movie that lingers. It was a movie where I could reflect on myself while watching the changes in the main characters and the discrimination around me
10,It's like a movie of my lifeIt lingers very much. ♡♡
10,I'll give you 15 points
10,They couldn't choose to come in or not, but you could
10,I don't need to say anything.
10,I was saddened by Shirley's words that she was neither white nor black nor manly. Come to think of it, the word 'like OO' which I used casually in my daily life was a terrible frame. I wish I could live like myself instead of fitting into the frame.
10,If it were a movie theater, I'd give him a standing ovation
10,It was a movie where I didn't want to waste money, but I wanted to pay more. Thank you for the good movie.
7,A proper human drama about racism. It's not enough to tell the truth
10,It's a shame that Vigo Mortensen should have won the best actor award.
10,It was the best movie ever
10,It's beautiful! It's beautiful!
10,I watched it without any expectations, but it was a really good movie. Humanity movies that make people-to-people friends regardless of skin color.
10,I'm thankful that there's a movie like this It was a movie that made me look back
10,Playing at home twice in a row
10,I look back at the courage.
10,It's not contrived, it's not contrived, it's not squeezing, it's this pleasant sensation and fun. Shirley's sincerity sounded so sad in the rain from the standpoint of listening, but he was so sad. Movies based on true stories are always the best.
10,A movie that makes me think a lot. Tony and Shirley both break their own frame and become true soulmates. Each and every one of them is beautiful.
10,I can't help but give a rating. The last show in Orange Bird seems to be the best scene. And I dare to suffer a little bit of black people's pain that I don't know. I think I could understand... A new masterpiece. I'm going to watch it again tomorrow
10,Dignity and humor make the flow of life flexible
10,I like this kind of movie! Mahershala Ali is so coolL
10,Became the best movie of my life! It was a movie that satisfied the story, acting, eyes, and ears
10,It was a movie that made me feel good.
10,It's my first time getting a GPA. Although I was ignorant in many ways, it was good that the meaning of the movie was conveyed warmly. I reflect on how many prejudices I have. I had a lot of thoughts but my heart got warm:)
10,a heartwarming and touching story
10,Of course, it was the best movie I've seen recently
10,It is a must-see movie.
9,As expected, non-fiction is more fun.~~~
10,Don't look at smokers It's a movie that makes you want to smoke because you smoke deliciously. If you can smoke alone, I don't recommend it if you watch it with a recommended non-smoker lover.
8,It's a warm and nice movie
10,Wow... If I hadn't seen it, it would have been big...I watched it on iptv for 2,750 won.A good movie for the first time in a while
10,It hurt so much when the doctor looked in the mirror while applying concealer.
10,My life movie...It was so much fun, sad, and heartbreaking. I enjoyed watching itIt's the second best movie of my life after Hidden Figures
9,"Dignity" that humans should have. From others to friends, things we need to know and learn.
4,You smoke a lot.When we're eating together, we're like this
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot. It's a must-see movie
8,If it were a Korean movie, Ma Dong-seok would have been cast as a driver and sent all the kids who bullied Dr. Park with one punch
10,It's a beautiful movie.The inner acting of the two actors is fascinatingly good.This profound subject is beautifully rendered witty but not light.I am happy to see a movie that makes me grow more.Dr. Sulli's sad eyes keep glimmering
10,A movie that allows me to rethink my unconscious attitude and perception. There is also the most important 'fun' in the movie! Bigo Mortensen in Lord of the Rings never came to mind!
1,I don't know. I thought it was the highest rating, but...
10,It moves my heart too much.
10,I thought a lot throughout my life and I think I should think about this movie and watch it often
10,My heart has warmed. This is what it's like to understand each other? The last greeting Dolores gave to Dr. Shirley brought tears to my eyes.
10,I didn't expect much. It's a heart-warming movie
2,It seems like a good movie, but it's a shame that white Tony looks great with the help of a white Tony, who has a decent, great Don Shirley look ignorant
10,There's no need for words.This is a movie...crying
10,This kind of movie... This kind of person... The elements we need...
10,A movie that makes you feel good after watching it
10,There is no need for words. Racism is a shameful history.All people, humans, and animals must be equal and coexist.
10,It was really impressive. I had a prejudice that it wouldn't be fun just by looking at the poster. As I live my life, I need to reflect on my prejudice. It's a very pleasant and impressive movie that I want many people to see because all the good movies are known.^^
8,The last scene with my family was so warm
10,It's a bromance movie about two men whose values, skin color, and personality are all different.
8,It's an obvious story, but this non-excessive story always gives joy.
1,It's a Korean alphabet
4,It's fun. But I don't like it because it's so obvious
10,Merry Christmas! A movie of consideration for the whole human race!
10,It feels like the black-and-white conflict is being resolved
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It was a really good movie after a long time. The last performance scene made me emotional. It was touching.
10,I wondered why the rating was so high, but it's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,It's funny. I've seen this story in a surprise before, but it's more interesting
10,I'm writing and erasing it many times. It's a good movie.Make sure you watch it
10,It's a movie that makes you feel nervous and cry happily, hoping that you two will be happy until the end.
2,The material and content itself are outdated these days, and the content autonomy is very loose. I know what it means, but it's almost boring in your teens and 20s. It's so highly evaluated that you get 2 points
10,I think it will last long enough to be considered my life movie
10,I think it's really amazing that the situation of the times has been brought out in the open Your chemistry stood out and I'm glad it ended with a happy ending It was a heartwarming movie
8,It's a good movie, but I don't think it's more than 8 points.
10,It's the best. It's a movie I've been looking forward to, but it's more touching to hear the true story^^
9,I think I know why you always need a bottle of whiskey alone
10,It's a masterpiece. I really want to recommend it This kind of movie should have 10 million viewers
10,great!!!It's really fun
10,a heartwarming movie that eliminates prejudice
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life
6,Like Korea, America has violent and racist areas
10,It was a movie that filled my heart after a long time. Thank you.
10,It was so touching and I enjoyed watching it so that I didn't get bored even at home I'm so sorry that I couldn't see you at the movie theatercrying
10,The movie that you want to keep watching when it's re-released
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie. I enjoyed watching it
7,A movie that can't happen easily even after it's over
10,It's a movie that lingers too long. It is a movie that should be more widely known even though we were both upset and upset while watching the movie.
10,I watched it about four times. It's a movie that lingers.
10,Good... a masterpiece with a gentle touch.
10,I was so into Mahershala Ali that I saw a lot of filmography that I've seen so farWhy do you realize his charm now? I love movies and actors
10,It lingers a lot. I really enjoyed it
10,A movie that fights discrimination and prejudice ^^
10,You're so good at acting.This is acting
7,Did you see the power of capital?
10,I watched it as a recommendation, and I think it's a very fun movie
10,If there is a higher score than 10, I want to give that score. I strongly recommend it
10,While watching the movie, my heart warmed up at the end of the movie, which contains various metaphors.There were so many paradoxical scenes that many thoughts crossed my mind in just over two hours.
10,It was a good movie when I watched it, but I got goosebumps after it ended. It was a movie that threw fun and heavy, but after it ended, I felt happy.
10,Am I the only one who cried? I'm sorry for my pain.
10,I was so moved when I happened to see it on cable that I came all the way here and wrote it down. The best movie... laugh and cry I can't help but give you the highest score.
10,It was a calm but not boring movie with good directing and acting
10,You have to act like Don Sherry and think like Tony
10,It's a movie that makes you look for the meaning of the green book. It's touching.
10,It's a movie that I watched without any expectations, and it leaves a really long lingering impression. The reason why the lines of the movie cannot be easily overcome.
9,I wonder if the great performer, who performs at the White House, could have lived in a complete spirit as his self-esteem was constantly cut by the roller coaster-like treatment of going to and from heaven several times a day. I could get a glimpse of the lives of black people at that time.
10,This is a movie.perfect
10,There is no need to say. It's a perfect masterpiece.
9,The unchanging fact that we are all the same people, located deeper than deep-rooted discrimination.
10,아주 좋아요. 잘 했어요.
10,His acting, story, and music were perfect
10,Acting, screenplay, purpose, warmth.
9,I should have seen it as a purchase, not as a rental.a few more movies to watch
10,It was a divine move to unravel the story with what we commonly call music, that is, the music that rich and white people listen to in the era of this movie.
10,It's a good movie to watch it
10,It's a movie that moves my heart
10,Ali's eyes are really indescribable I don't know where I've been and now I'm here
10,I've never worn anything like this before. It was a great movie. It's just the best! It made me smile the whole time I watched it and I was so sad that the movie ended. A heartwarming movie!
10,A movie is called a movie
10,There's no need for words It's a masterpiece
10,It's been a long time since I felt a warm movie!
10,It's a movie that made me feel a lot.
9,It's fun from beginning to end. Sexy Aragon? It was shocking. You're really good at acting
10,It was great. Black discrimination in those days was terribleㅜㅜ
10,I started watching without thinking. I lost track of time. Ten points is a given, and I was really happy the whole time
9,Time flew and it was funnier than I thought. It's not boring at all. It's fun and there are many things to feel. I understand why road movies are famous
10,Best movie I've seen in five years
10,What more modifiers do we need?
10,You'll never regret it. A must-see masterpiece...
10,It's calm and cool without feeling bored
10,a movie that is good for black discrimination
9,I looked back on myself when I saw the main character who changed his mind about people of color.
10,Touching real story. I strongly recommend it
9,A movie that made me think a lot.
9,How can you sublimate the "unfriendly scene" that makes the viewer uncomfortable into such a dignity? I feel like I listened to jazz, drank wine, and showed off a wonderful poem.
10,a more sophisticated production than any other article
10,It's the best movie I've seen in a while
10,I like this kind of movie A movie that shows that there are people who know how to see something really meaningful in the world and people who understand me and others deeply
10,It's such a beautiful movie
10,I really enjoyed watching it. Especially in the last scene, thank you for lending me your husband.
10,Even though the heavy theme was melted, I felt like something was left in my heart by solving it peacefully and calmly. It was a great movie!
10,If you look at the masterpiece, it's below zero
10,I can't forget the look on Shirley's face when she smiled and said, "I understand."
8,The South at that time was a slave for 12 years
10,That's the best. The best last scene ㅠㅠㅠ퍼I cried my eyes out It's a movie I'm thankful for. Thank you
10,This is a movie. It feels like I listened to a classic song in a good mood.
9,I've never seen such a nice movie
10,It's a great movie. I thought it was such a sad ending when Shirley left, but it was a happy ending like Christmas!!
10,The beautiful posture and friendship of the two men against discrimination. We are all the same human beings
10,A movie that will be remembered for many years
9,A perfect ending and a change in the character's psychology, plus a spoonful of humor! The birth of another masterpiece that shows the friendship between black and white people!
10,The movie that made me think a lot...I really recommend it
9,a calm and uplifting movie
10,메리 크리스마스!
10,Welcome to "Welcome to Eunyeong's Flower" after a long time
9,The script is really solid
7,A movie that goes a little plainly, but can think about racism.
10,A film in which culture, tradition, art, and everything are added in silence
10,The best movie! The music was great!
10,The movie of my life... we'll see. To get there, not only my genius ability, but also the courage...
10,It was heartwarming throughout the movie, and tears came out in the last scene.
10,You're the best ㅠㅠ!It's warm
9,How wonderful is it to acknowledge and respect each other's differences?
10,I was deeply moved by the speedy hosting and the ending of Humanity.
10,a wonderful and sophisticated friendship between two men
10,It's a very impressive movie. Recommendations!
10,Is there a need to grade a movie like this?
10,This is a movie. The less time we had left, the more disappointed the movie was
8,The actors' acting, the story of the movie itself. It's a movie that makes me think that I did a good job watching it's a movie
10,The movie was touching and made me realize the value of life
10,Oh! I really enjoyed watching it!
10,A movie with all its cinematic qualities, fun and content.
10,Good good. I can smile around my mouth.
10,It's the best movie of the year
10,It's a touching and joyful movie
10,The Orange Bird performance was great
10,The Green Book is not just about prejudice against people of color.
10,Can it be said that prejudice has created prejudice?  The prejudice of my mind, which I was nervous about throughout the movie, was disturbing throughout the movie, but the main character's maturation process gradually melted the anxiety.  I will experience a wider world and live with courage
10,I thought about my prejudice again, and I think it's the best movie that I've seen recently because it's a black comedy that fits well with documentary and comic
10,What a fun movie!Tony was Aragon
10,A while ago, I saw a video of Black Americano studying in Korea on Facebook asking Koreans what black brother, black sister, and cutie mean. ㅠㅠ After watching this movie yesterday, I feel shy of racism again
10,The best movie I've seen four times!
10,"Fan ID"! I'm touched!
10,It is a must-see movie!!!
10,Aragon must have a vision for the film.I enjoyed watching it, but it's more than that.
1,It's no fun. It's the worst
10,It was a movie that embarrassed prejudice, discrimination, and prejudice against people. I was very moved by the two main characters' growing friendship as their minds narrowed.
8,It's just a movie about a beautiful world for children, and I bet 10,000 won that they must have blushed each other more than a movie... Damn, I guess I'm not feeling good today, is it because I'm getting older?
9,The green book that was dubbed by Vietnam Airlines...I'm touched. ^^
10,While watching the movie, Tony's changing appearance is impressive because he is frustrated, touching, and has various complex emotions.
10,It was the best movie I've seen in recent years.
9,A well-made movie with little sense of genre because the flow of the movie is so docile as if it were a snake wall.
9,A movie with a good script, a good actor, and a good production. It's so much fun watching the movie that I'm going to watch with my mom and a lady in the neighborhood. The first time I saw it, I found that there were a lot more words and actions about excessive racism than I thought.
9,The directing ability to create a very moving story with a material that seems to be fun is so amazing
10,I can't believe it was Aragon
9,White men like dogs. All men are equal.If you watch the movie, you can see how white America was.And I think I know why black people are unhappy.
10,Movies are the best. What more do you need?
10,A great film that transcends discrimination.We need something of that, too.
10,I loved playing the piano in a black restaurant
9,From acting to music, my eyes, ears, and emotions are satisfied
9,The moment you break down your own wall is to respect and accept the other person as they are. A very simple but difficult message.
10,That's a great trick~I'm so touched~
10,My heart aches. a great deal
8,No. 1 rating, or there are so many PC elements that I don't like and can't even get close to it's
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,I watched the movie without much expectation, but it was a good movie. It's a really well-made movie, and it's a good movie. Make sure you all do it once or twice! Take a look
9,The easiest and best way to raise awareness of the problem of racism in the United States is the power of this film
10,The scene where Bigomotenson writes a letter to his wife was impressive
8,It's a heartwarming movie. I watched a fun
9,It was touching and fun
10,The most interesting movie I've seen recently... How sad I must have cried at that time.
10,It was also heartbreaking, touching, and heartwarming. Best healing movie ever
8,It made me think a lot about it was a movie  I like it because it has a happy ending
10,It's one of the best movies in my life.I'm sorry to say this, but...I dare say it's the best movie I've ever seen.And I'll engrave it in my heart. Peace.
10,I was so nervous when I watched it. I liked the ending
10,It was the best Thank you
10,The best movie I've seen in a long time
10,The main axis of the movie is the chemistry between the two actors, who are more beautiful due to the difference. At that time, the dark part of racism was informed to the audience with a new perspective, and the main character's mind and actions that did not yield to it were impressive
10,Just look at it once.
10,Touching. Warm and meaningful
10,《흑인자동차 그린북》()은 흑인을 위한 연간 가이드북이다.
10,It's a masterpiece. It's fun and touching
10,You're the best! Shirley is the best, too! Our big brother is just the best! I couldn't believe that he painted it in such a fun way with a heavy subject of racism
10,It's a must-see movie, so I recommend it^^
10,It's been a while since I watched a great movie^^
10,It reminds me so much of the white man's mind broken by his attractive choice of words, his formal tone, and his behavior as a person
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot. It's a calm movie that lasts for a long time
10,It's based on the best... true story, but it doesn't matter if there are some differences A good movie that makes me think a lot. The world still needs a change
10,It was the best movie ever. Shirley's words really touched my heart.
8,It wasn't as good as I expected, but it was fun
10,You can call President Kennedy late at night, and he's wearing pants
10,I can't believe a good movie is fun!
10,I usually point out the shortcomings, but I can't find Dozer in this movie. It's so well made.
10,The story is fresh and warm, but the facial expression of Balleronga is the best. The scene where you eat the chicken in a row is funny
10,A movie that makes us reflect on all our prejudices
10,I was bored in the beginning, so I wondered if I had a wrong grade, but I was moved to the end
8,There's nothing more pathetic than a false prejudice!
10,The best movie I've seen in 2019
10,It was a movie that I wanted to give more than 10 points. If you haven't watched it, make sure to watch it!
9,It's a heart-warming movie, and I especially like the OST of the movie.
10,a heartwarming movie with a calm smile
10,It's the best. You'll be watching it twice or three times. Your acting skills are 100%
10,During the story, the popular keyword "courage" stands out during the recent trend. The acting ability of Muhammad Ali was truly overwhelming. I can't believe he's Moonlight's patron
7,A film about calm and racism
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a warm movie
7,a fine film filled with plain characters
9,Because it was based on facts, it was not far-fetched, and it served as an opportunity to think about "bias." Bo was uncomfortable with prejudice all along, but the strong friendship between the two men who overcame it warmed their hearts at the end.
10,Warm bromance road movie.
1,Look at the rating. Isn't that too much?
10,Thank you with Blu-ray.The two actors' acting was great and I thought there would be a severe conflict during the development of the content, but it did not come out, so I could watch it comfortably and fun.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
10,The beginning was pleasant, but I was strangely sad and angry as time went by, but Tony's flamboyant words kept the audience and the actor on a tightrope, and I liked the friendship and unrelenting straightforwardness of the two men who learned each other. Directed by Dumb and Dumber
8,This is a movie. I hope you watch it.
10,A movie that you want to give more than 10 points
10,Let's get rid of prejudice and accept each other's differences
10,It's a movie that's so touching and has a lot to learn. I enjoyed watching it. This kind of movie should be on the screen.
10,A heart-warming movie!Skin color doesn't matter.
10,It feels like I got stabbed in the back. It's a very well-made trick. I can see why we won so many awards.  But our macho Aragon...He's already that old.
10,I came to see it as if it had been tampered with.
10,It was a fun, touching, and heartwarming movie.
10,It was really nice and warm when Tony introduced Dr. Shirley to his family.
10,It's the best. I strongly recommend it
10,I'm so touched. Green book...
10,Tony is the Lord of the Rings, Aragon?I thought I'd learn Italian accents.It is a movie where touching and fun coexist.
10,I watched a heartwarming movie after a long time.
10,I strongly recommend it. It's really worth watching. a rating of
7,The story feels more realistic because it is a true story. The ending is also warm and I like it because it makes me feel relaxed.
7,Well-made movie, but an Academy Award is never understandable
10,I think it would be a very sad life if there was no "something" in my heart after watching this movie
8,After hearing the interpretation of the last police appearance...
10,I never imagined this movie would be so interesting. There are tears, laughter, and good music.
10,It's a movie that I watched nervously. Every moment there is an incident because he is black.
10,a heart-rending friendship
10,It was a movie that made me smile after a long time. Their friendship was so beautiful and touching.
10,Merry Christmas. A movie like Merry Christmas. It was so much fun.
10,I think you can overcome any difficulties if you endure hardships like the main character in your life. Warehouse... And the bathroom... You've taken strong steps for black people while maintaining the highest level of human self-esteem. I'm rooting for you who don't exist in this world
10,It is a movie that makes me think about myself fighting prejudice in the world rather than just a movie about racism. It feels like I'm traveling in the southeastern part of the U.
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,They've changed the world with their course for two hours! They're courageous geniuses who made us laugh at the dark past!
10,I watched Song Ha Kwon's YouTube recommendation
8,There's a scene where we come to New York
10,From some point on, I think I like these slow-moving movies more than stimulating and naked movies.I enjoyed it
9,The fact that "Girl Cops" has more than four times the number of viewers than "Girl Cops" is proof that Heljosen has a long way to go, and I only feel angry at the foolish people
10,The way you solve the material is different. This is a level that cannot come out of this place where culture is produced with the mindset that it should be taught and enlightened.
10,The last police officer is being biased, but that's not bias, that's just statistics
10,I think it was the most interesting movie I've seen in the past few years
7,It's a good movie, but it's too much
10,It's a great masterpiece that you rarely see in theaters these days!Even if the story proceeds calmly, the immersion is incredible.It doesn't exaggerate the prejudice of racism, but it shows it calmly, and finally, it warms up the heart.
10,A movie that makes me think about prejudice and prejudice.It was the best!
10,I can't eat 26 hamburgers
10,There was a real gun That's awesome
10,It was a great movie. I was touched by this year-end gift
10,The best movie I've seen this year. I really like the feelings that don't go too far.It was also pleasing to see the two main characters changing under the influence of each other.
8,세계의 모든 유색인종 메리 크리스마스
10,The jazz jam scene in Orangewood is an unforgettable scene for the rest of your life. At the end, it was also touching to see Shirley breaking the egg and approaching it first.
10,a decent filma witty filmA better movie because it's a true story.
10,Even though it's a difficult topic, it's a masterpiece that's been solved pleasantly.
10,You're the best. You have a great voice
10,It was a great movie!
10,Why can't we make this kind of movie?
10,Heartbreaking, dreary, but still-smiling movie. It was a movie that I wanted to watch again if I had a chance.I recommend it to those who haven't seen it yet.
10,It's a healing movie, reminiscent of the bromance of Untouchable
10,The last scene is so pretty
10,If I didn't look forward to it and didn't, I would have regretted it. A movie with touching, fun, and lingering emotions.It was like that in those days, but I wonder what Korea is like now.
10,I watched this movie on vacation.It was worth it.But I want to go home.
10,I just looked at the ratings, and it's more than I expected
10,A good movie. Fun and touching
10,I wonder if there was a time like that in America Discrimination is scary
10,It's been a long time since I saw such a warm movie
10,It's a great movie~~Looking at the world while watching the two people face each other~
10,I think it's the first time I've ever laughed and laughed with the main character while watching a movie. It was so heart-warming.
10,You've warmed up the material that could be heavy It's fun
10,I've always watched popular movies during that period, but with this movie, I've also found movies that are not commercial or have fewer theaters.
10,The last scene is really pretty
10,I'm watching it now on Catch On, and it's a good movie
10,Isn't this what human love is?It's a beautiful and touching movie that lingers in my mind
10,It's a calm and calm movie that lingers in my mind. My favorite movie
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,I was nervous about the death flag when I counted money at the bar, but it was so nice that it ended in a good mood. You were smiling after the movie.
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression.
10,Likeability order, latest order, highest score,
9,A movie that slowly changes my emotions for two hours like the two people changing with the weather makes me think a lot.
1,A movie that shows that it doesn't really matter as long as the falsehood is wrapped in a plausible. Don't try to gain from a true story in the first place. It's like a true story and you didn't even know your family existed. Why don't you turn Hitler into a philanthropist?
10,You should've promoted it more. ㅠㅠ A movie that makes us think about our surroundings.
9,Top
10,The acting and story of the two actors... It was all good.
10,I'm going to watch the best movie of my life again
10,It was a long movie, but it was fun and not boring
10,The warmth and emotion of courage
10,There should be no discrimination for any reason It was touching
10,A movie that gently moistens the eyes and the heart.It was touching even when I saw it on a small screen, but it would have been even more touching if I saw it at the theater!I want to meet you again on the big screen.I wonder if there will be a day when it'll be re-released...
9,a heart-rending movie
10,It's a movie that touches my heart. It's not a waste of time
10,It's a good movie. It's a short time ago, but you can see the times that are hard to imagine now.
8,If this was a Korean movie, it would have been a new drama, but it was a good movie to watch while feeling calm alone
10,The movie is also thought of the discrimination that Koreans suffered during the Japanese colonial era. the fear of discrimination
8,A heartwarming movie that has a good influence on the way of thinking.
10,It was the best heartwarming movie. I hope many people will watch this movie.
10,I felt so sorry for his loneliness, and his spirit against discrimination was beautifulTony is so good at acting
10,The main characters were so nice to see, and their acting, humor and fun in the movie, and even the touching moments in the end were perfect, but most of all, the messages were really impressive.
10,It's the best! ㅠㅠ 완전 It's a movie that I learned a lot and was moved by.
10,My life movie! A really good movie
10,I'm sorry to watch it on my monthly IPTV.It gave me a sense of my level that I hadn't thought of seeing in the theater
10,I'm sorry to watch it on my monthly IPTV.It gave me a sense of my level that I hadn't thought of seeing in the theater
8,I heard that it's good to be happy while enjoying it. the unpleasant aftertaste of black-and-white discrimination as a white-centric story
10,It's a good movie. Recommend.
10,After watching the movie, I thought about what kind of colored glasses I have lived with and it left a deep impression on me
8,When I change, so does the world.
10,Merry Christmas to all your warm hearts
6,Rich episodes, poor character portrayals
10,I watched a good movie with my wife after a long time.
10,"The world is full of lonely people who are afraid to move first."
10,Throughout the movie, I enjoyed watching it so much that I couldn't stop smiling. I strongly recommend it!
10,Make sure to watch it! ㅜㅜ
10,Laughing at the calm breathing of the two characters without much conflict.
10,A movie you can watch at least three times...
10,It's more than touching. While watching this movie, I reflect on myself thinking that I am also prejudiced.
10,I think it's the best movie to overcome discrimination between music and friendship that doesn'
9,A true story like a movie. I envy their friendship
10,At that time, the background of society was so well described, and the friendship was so touching that the sweetness that came after that fell into me like a relaxed wine.It's been a while since I saw a movie like this
10,It's just the best... I understand why we won the Best Picture Award! It's not just a movie about racism! That's why I like it. It's really lingering I had warm tears in the last scene
10,Movies that remind you of the roots!
10,I want to see my mom again.
9,It was an amazing trip for two months.
7,It's a friendship story that warms the hearts of two people who didn't have to be close to each other when there were many conflicts. Attention to Mahershala Ali's demeanor
10,As soon as I woke up in the morning, I saw it alone in a quiet dark room.I realized that time doesn't pass quickly just movies that are stimulating, intriguing, and pleasing to the eye.
10,Good, good, good, fun episode
10,The most memorable movie I've seen this year
10,The journey begins and you can find yourself getting closer to each other in the slightest
8,Why are we crazy about the Avengers and don't know the Green Book?
10,존엄성을 유지해야 승리한다.
10,It was so much fun.It is a sad but touching movie.Actors, good acting
10,If I can be someone like this to someone in my life,
10,ㅜㅜ You have to give me 10 points.
10,It's warm, honest and funny ^^
10,It's a movie that's very touching. A smile spreads around your mouth and tearsIt lingers a lot...
10,What do you need to say?
10,What a warm and touching movie! It was a great time
10,It was nice because it was calm There was a preconceived notion that he would pretend to be great because it was a race movie, but it was better because it was painted calmly and calmly
9,Hollywood also makes the Avengers. There's even a "Green Book." I'm jealous.
10,It was a movie that made my heart warm
10,A drama about grown-up men.It resonates a lot while watching pure but different men understand.
10,I should add one more to my life movie. I hope you didn't get bored the whole time.
10,My heart is warm.
10,It's fun. The content was really fun
10,It's a movie that warms my heart after watching it
10,Very very very!! I enjoyed watching it.It's a movie that I want to recommend you to watch.It warms my heart.
10,You're the best.
10,It's so clean and deep!
10,I didn't know there was this much discrimination when discrimination was prevalent.I had a lot of course.
8,만약 내가 충분히 흑인도 아니고, 충분히 백인도 아니고, 남자도 아니라면, 토니, 내가 대체 뭐지?
10,A movie that touches your heart after watching it.
9,I watched it without any expectations, but it was a good movie.
9,The story of courageous people living in an age of lies and hypocrisy. Courage to accept and change yourself, courage to face the eyes of the world.
10,A movie that doesn't lose its dignity until the end!
7,Frustratingly nice, but eventually fascinated by the warm sensibility
10,The last scene made me tear up.Haha
9,A calm and impactful story
10,I am happy to know a precious life movie.
10,There is still prejudiceI feel the same way
10,I think I was touched.
10,Racial desegregation is not a big deal, and the main characters are unique, but it's fun ^^
10,It really lingers. Make sure you watch it!
10,Well made, discrimination that you can't imagine now was natural at the time, I hope people feel the same way about LGBTQ people
10,It's so much fun The piano sound is good, too
10,It was a heart-warming and fun movie to finish
10,It is good because it is not touching or dramatic, the actors' crazy acting, the storyline that explodes when the director explodes, and the genius directing that naturally conveys the message of racism + a small twist that breaks prejudice.I'm sorry I didn't see you in the theater
10,It's the best movie that touched my heart^^
9,How did a black artist with a white driver feel when he saw other black people working like livestock in the hot sun? And how did he feel when he felt that he was different and that he was just a normal black man for mainstream whites?
10,I lost track of time and watched it. There must have been a wish that Christmas didn't come.
10,10 points for music, lines, videos, and acting
10,It's so touching. It's my favorite movie.
8,It is an interesting and worth watching
10,It is a movie that deserves 10 points just because there is no leading woman in the movie these days.
10,Make sure you watch it Look twice
10,Lonely people find it difficult to take their first steps.
10,I bought a ticket for my parents during the holidays and they enjoyed it.
10,Good to see you again ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Why did I see you now?
10,That's my style. The lines are nice. Good, good, good
10,My favorite movie has improved
10,He wasn't born because he wanted to be born like that, but he must have been hurt to be discriminated against.It's a movie that broke my heart. I hope people will watch it
10,The calm but best movie that shows how foolish the prejudice against racism is
10,So I recommended it to two of my best friends. The answer is good
10,I watched it at the theater and looked for it again because it lingers in my mind
10,It's been a really long time since I've given you a perfect score of 10 on Naver's movie rating. Everything from the content of the movie, the composition of the direction, and the music is perfect. It warms my heart. I should also be wary of whether I live in contempt of others surrounded by prejudice like white people in the movie.
10,The only thing I can only be said
10,It's really fun! I watched a real movie after a long time.
10,A movie that makes me want to eat KFC chicken with my friend
9,A fruitful road movie about the deepening friendship between the two men. The story of two men who want to be true selves, not each other's stereo types. a fine film
10,a masterpiece that can be enjoyed comfortably
10,Movie of my life! Acting, screenplay, visual beauty, music, everything
10,I don't know how scary prejudice is.
10,It's my favorite movie. I was happy after all the fun and relentless twisting. All that remains is prejudice and endless conception of decency.
7,a quiet book-like reading
10,a mythical film made by a true story
10,I am grateful to see such a movie every year. Don Shirley's line in the rain is the highlight of the movie.
10,It's a must-see movie
8,North Korea-Cine 21 | Heo Nam-woong Toward a Green Society without Racial Discrimination
10,I loved it. At first, I thought it would be like an independent movie, but it was so fun and sad and calm.I think it was really good. I recommend it!
10,A warm hearted trick while looking at a subject that can become heavy. The actors' acting didn't interfere with their immersion
10,He solved the heavy subject with great wit but never light. It's been a long time since I've seen you.
10,It's amazing. The best movie ever
10,Boom boom on the sidewalk from the plane
10,It's so touching. I learned the importance of family
10,I learned about the importance of maintaining dignity even if it was too unfair. This lesson goes through the ages.
10,the first film to write a review A movie that I want to recommend to everyone. Thumbs up!
10,It was as fun as I thought it would be :) It was a heartwarming movie!
10,You're the bestOh, oh, oh.
10,Racism should be eliminated!!
10,Another of mine added to 20OOO.The older you get, the more movies you get.one's eye forIt's getting higher.It's been a while.a trick
10,Why we are in denial. They are such exist.
10,It was the bestThe actors' acting and content were flawless
10,A movie that taught me what nobility is
10,The most important thing between people is to look at others without prejudice.It's a heart-warming movie
10,It's a movie that makes me feel that I had a lot of prejudices and I promise not to do so in the future.I hope many people watch it. I just want to take everything with me.
9,I applaud Dr. Shirley, who confronts the prejudice of the world with dignity, which is hard and hard to acceptPraise for John's loyalty.
10,갑시다 그려
10,I dare say! Best movie of the year!
10,위엄은 항상 우세하다...최고였어요.
10,a comfortable movie
10,It was a movie that lingered more because I watched it without any expectations. A movie that makes you think that you should watch the movie that won the Academy Award as much as possible
10,What a great movie. Story, humor, background are all good. I can understand the rating of the movie!But that driver is really Aragon, the Lord of the Rings?세월이 Time...
9,Real fun. Making the friendship between black and white classic but witty. The acting of the two actors is also excellent and the chemistry is good
10,Make sure you watch it. It's been a while since it's been a heartwarming, movie-like movie, with a single color of skin, human beings are the least important thing on the planet
10,The rather common and heavy theme of racism was solved fresh and light. It was a colorful movie with three beats of color, music, and directing.
10,It is light, neat, calm, lonely and touching.
1,I don't think it's to that extent
10,He's good at making a heart-warming movie. There is a reason why netizens have high reviews. I have no choice but to give you 10 points.
10,It's a great movie. Human beings are all dignified.
10,A movie that makes you happy... makes you feel good.Shirley felt at ease when she played excitedly on the Orange Bird
10,It's fun to cry a few times
10,Thank you for making this movie.Thank you.
10,A movie full of love and compassion for humans.  The emotion continues from beginning to end. It's been a long time since I saw a good movie!
10,It's a touching movie?It makes me think about it. It's a movie that lingers for a long time, right?I strongly recommend it
10,Piano melody, actors, and actresses all got 100 points
8,The Return of the King with the Green Book
9,The name Peter Farrelli will be imprinted by the Green Book. Is the perception of black slaves in the United States comparable to that of aristocrats and slaves in the Joseon Dynasty? Vigo Mortenson's performance seemed to come from Real Italy
1,If I want to give you 1 point, I don't know what it is
10,위엄은 항상 우세하다.
10,It's a great movie that's touching and has a lesson
10,a film that feels calm and sentimental
10,It was a movie that I could watch, feel, and learn.I recommend this movie without hesitation.
10,I wonder which actor would have made it in Korea.I hope there will be a movie like this in Korea.Not visually, but with mi...I didn't expect much from it, so it was a great movie.
10,Academy Award for Best Picture
10,A calm yet warm movie. Mahershula Ali's acting was superb. I'm even more touched that this is a true story
10,Magical Negro?
10,A good movie with a lot of thoughts
10,It's a movie that makes you smile
10,Another movie that tells us how terrible and dangerous prejudices and prejudices in this society are.I really recommend it!
10,10 points! Definitely 10 points!
10,I hope that people who are confident that they have achieved intellectual maturity will grow further after watching this movie...
10,The best!!! There was. Hahaha
10,The lines are so funny. a rare trick of late in life
10,Prejudice, prejudice and discrimination, hell for some, but it takes real courage to get through it. However, I think I will have more courage if I have the power of true friendship. It's like a movie where actors' acting overwhelmed everything.
10,Shirley's scene in the rain was so intense
10,The impression of this movie is really luxurious.
10,I hope the world's prejudices change
10,It's an interesting movie. If you have a chance, please watch it.
10,It's a movie that scolds me behind my back with a gentle tone.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. Even after a few days, I kept thinking about it and I was happy while watching the movie
9,A precious movie that made me think about black people, race, white people, America again
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words. Make sure to watch it.
10,It was a great movie with wit+fun+moving after a long time. Bigotenson's acting is so great!!
9,Movie of the Year to Be Missed
10,Black and white... A movie that shows the ugliness of racism, but it's a really sad story, but there are some warm black people, but there are some black people who don't ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'm also scared of black people. I've encountered a warm-hearted black man,
10,I don't want to leave a review with my fingers.
10,I can't believe I won first place in the tiger cave called NAVER.
10,Movie of the year... It's a shame that there aren't many theaters
10,On the road they became true friends.
10,Life movie... A movie that makes me think about racism and a movie that makes me think that all discrimination should be eliminated is realistic and funny
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good movie.It was so good
10,It's just sad that it's not popular in Korea
10,A friendship that overcomes prejudice and discrimination!
10,It was an interesting movie! I lost track of time and watched a movie
10,It's a moving movie. I highly recommend it.
9,Ending Cratdit was a twist. I can't believe this was all real.
10,I watched it without knowing it was a true story. It's really fun. Why did I tour only for 8 weeks? It's one of the top 3 movies that I was really sad that the movie ended. LOL Make sure to watch it
10,That's the best. That's all I can say
10,I think this is what fun and touching is like, playing the piano in between?It's so nice that I got goosebumps^^
10,I really enjoyed watching it. Must-see!
10,All I have to do is make money at the movie theater, right? I hate that movies like this don't play in many places! It's the best movie ever~~
10,Recommendation! In less than 100 years, the world has gotten this much better
10,The chemistry between the two was good. And I burst into laughter at the jopin
10,It was a good time to watch a movie that gave me an opportunity to think about equality and freedom by showing realistic contents that broke prejudice and prejudice.
10,The best movie I've seen this year. It's a movie that leaves a strong impression
10,In the rain, Shirley cried at her identity, and my heart felt numb. A movie that you have to watch twice and three more times! Untouchable 1%! More fun than UJUNG! It's a movie that feels about racism again. Just watch the trifles
10,Mahershala Ali, Shirley, I want to give you a hug.
10,It's the best. I lost track of time
10,What should we look at?
10,Two hours passed quickly. I saw my 11-year-old son, and we laughed together and understood
10,Merry Christmas... I didn't know this word would be so touching.
10,Really, it's the best movie ㅠㅠT
10,It's the best movie ever. Make sure to watch it!
10,My wife has a very good personality.The idea that surroundings are also important.I was touched by the black people in the middle of the field
10,How can I prove that it's the best movie?At that time, I was angry at the insulting discrimination that black people suffered, and I laughed at the quarrel between the two, and at the end, I cried when I saw them getting attached to each other and understanding each other.
10,It was meaningful and neat My money paid on Olleh TV is not a waste
10,It is a masterpiece that captures meaningful and gloomy topics without being heavy with unnecessary scenes and excellent performances by actors.
9,It's such a fun movie!
10,It may be different from the truth, but I felt like I saw a beautiful fairy tale.a movie suitable for warm winter
8,To all the struggling lives of prejudice,
8,a delightful film I applaud Shirley for her courage.
10,Let's give a round of applause to the other two actors in the movie.
9,It's a drama that doesn't get boring even for a minute when the knot is really well made
10,My heart warmed.
10,It's a movie that makes me smile and touches my heart
1,Best marketing movie since La La Land.
10,It's a movie that warms up the fear of prejudice
10,The world is full of lonely people because they're afraid to move first It really touched me. No matter how harsh the world is, it's best to be free with people around you
1,It's a drop in the bucket compared to Clementine.
10,It was so fun and touching. It's satisfying.
10,It was so funny and touching that I didn't know how 2t hours went by, like I was in the movie...
10,I want to give him 10 or more stars It would have been a disaster if I hadn't seen itIt's healing itself. I think it's a movie that you need to watch more
10,It's a cozy movie that's rarely seen in recent years, with calm and subtle fun that's not exaggerated but unreasonable. The feedback that started with the netizens' rating leads to recommendations... It is a movie that many people want to enjoy comfortably in a long time. I strongly recommend it.
10,I'm most surprised that wandering Tony was an Aragon
10,It's really fun. It's dulda attractive
10,The last line that my wife said while hugging Dr. Shirley seemed to say everything, so I almost cried.
9,The last line of my wife's speech is touching because it implies what happened throughout the running time.
9,It's a very warm movie. I recommend it
10,You won the Academy Award for Best Picture for nothing.It was a movie that was not contrived but very touching.It was a time to realize again how important and scary prejudice that permeated us is.
10,It's so much fun You have to watch it
10,Aragon, I thought you didn't have a gun
8,I didn't expect much, but it was great. The acting was good and the script was impressive.
10,Our prejudice against race seems to have the effect of prejudice against colors that have melted into various history, cultures, and lives.
9,It is a pleasant but sad movie about the friendship between two men. There's a lot of fun and touching.
10,Sunday was the best choice. I didn't expect it, but it was really fun!
10,It was a movie that left a lot of lingering feelings
10,I don't know how many times I woke up to watch it properly while lying down.It's calm and funny and it's so touching even though it's obvious.  There is no special message, but the movie itself is special
10,It's a movie where I lose track of time and feel a lot of things
10,The long-awaited get-out is here.
10,I enjoyed watching it while being immersed in the running time without any big events or events!
10,I envy Shirley and Tony's friendship. The acting of the two actors was really good.
10,I don't think you've seen me yeta film with a long lingering in one's mindFor those who didn't see it, hurry up and try it.^^
10,I'm writing a review for the first time to give you a rating. Make sure to watch it. It's such a good movie
10,It was touching and the ending was neat, so I was happy.The chemistry between the two men is wonderful, and Dr. Shirley's imposing attitude and voice are so attractive!
10,I couldn't stop laughing. I lost track of time.You can solve a difficult and heavy topic in a witty way and watch it no matter what
10,There's a reason why it's No. 1 in the current rating.
10,The cherry blossoms bloomed and spring came, but my heart was still in winter, but after watching this movie today, the season of my heart changed and became spring
10,One of the top five movies, if not the best!
10,It's a good movie that will linger for a long time.I think it will be a better world if I watch a lot of movies like this.
10,It is a movie that I saw in 2019, and there is a classic Hollywood thought, direction, and humor that can be trusted no matter when the movie was made in 1980, 1990, and 2000. This is the classic.
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time
8,It was fun. It shows the discrimination and irrationality that black people have experienced. But when I saw Asian people, the caption said Jjangkae. I don't know if it was actually Jjanggae or if the translator translated it like that, but it was very disappointing to call Asians Jjanggae in a movie about black discrimination.
10,It was a beautiful movie
10,It's a great movie. Humor, piano playing, and a small sound
10,I recommend this movie.
9,It's been a while since I watched a proper movie.
10,There's a reason for the high ratings. It's calm, but there's no room for boredom, fun, laughter, and emotion I strongly recommend it
9,The scenes of actors' performances and lines that leave afterimages will be remembered for a long time
10,It's been more than 4 months since it was released. A must-see movie this year! I'm glad that I watched this movie instead of the latest ones. The acting, music, and video were all great.
10,The must-see movie actors' acting is great and the story is solid, so it was fun and thrilling for 130 minutes
9,In the beginning, the discord between the two seemed to be disturbing all along, but the last jazz piano, Shirley's jazz, harmonized like jazz!
9,The journey of Tony and Dr. Don Shirley to find their own identity along with the friendship they build while traveling together was beautiful. The actors' acting was excellent and the music was great. It was a movie where I could feel both fun and touching, so I watched it twice and both were good
9,It's a predictable story, but it's also like a heart-warming Buddy movie
10,A work that makes you reflect on your prejudice. A masterpiece that captures both message and popularity
10,Perfect, perfect, perfect
10,Touching. It's been a while since I've had fun
10,There was no movie to watch, so I watched it because of the good rating. I think it leaves a deep impression. I strongly recommend it!
10,After watching it, I thought about it while eating k*** chicken with my hands on the street
10,A movie touched by endless detail
10,It's Hollywood in that it's a real-life movie about the duality of the white landlord class and the lack of human rights of black people to the point that even black people call themselves "Niger."
10,Korean alphabet
10,It's a masterpiece. I should have seen it at the movie theater ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that really lingers. I paid for the fifth time on TV and watched it again.I hope it comes out as a collection.
10,Racism was sad It's a movie of my life
10,It's beautiful. I want to recommend this movie to everyone
7,Actually, the story was obvious, but the movie was worth watching
10,A movie that didn't have anything to throw away...
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,I hesitated a few times because I thought it would be forced to move, and it was a light movie!!!
8,See you again on Christmas
10,"Of course there's a problem, it's tilted to one side."
10,A movie that leaves a deep impression
10,Despite the favorable reviews, I thought it was calmer and not good at first, but after watching the movie, I'm moved. It's a great movie that shows the times and regions in a realistic way
8,It's an impeccably good movie.This is what meeting people is like.
8,Such a move is only 420,000 lol the people at the national level are so wrong LOL
10,Jjangjjang... It's a very touching and well-made movie!
10,Good... I like old-fashioned stuff
10,My life has become a movie!I hope you don't feel lonely
10,The perfect movie... gets so warm all the time I watch it
10,The best movie ever to show that there is no discrimination
8,There is a contrived side to it, but it is a film with a very warm meaning
10,A truly heartwarming film, not a clumsiness, and the best film for Koreans to feel the past reality of white-black discrimination, like a story from another world
10,It's the best. It was a time when I felt that I had prejudices without realizing it
9,"Genius is not enough to change the world. You have to have courage." Don Shirley's courage and Tony's realization of the prejudice. It is fun to see the director's Mise-en-scene everywhere.
7,It's a movie worth watching at least once
10,I like calm humanity and touching movies
10,It's a movie to see if there's any discrimination around us now.
9,an interesting and pleasant movie
8,A movie that made me reflect on my prejudice while dreaming of a good world without prejudice...
10,You deserve an academy. It's been a while since I saw a movie that left a strong impression
10,A movie that throws things to think about
10,Why is it out of 10? I want to give you 100 points!
10,A movie that shows how a movie moves a person's heart. A movie that warms up in terms of a true story. The movie has become a life movie that shows the importance of courage to accept discrimination rather than courage to overcome discrimination.
10,I can't believe he was the Lord of the Rings Aragon.Not to mention the story, the acting of each line was really...
10,You can see how people meet and change. The best masterpiece!
10,It's a movie that makes me embarrassed to leave a message that I lack
10,a movie full of emotion and fun, with no time to be bored
9,It was a lot more fun than I thought
10,The scene where he finally played Chopin on an old piano in a black pub, a classical music that he wanted to play all his life, was overwhelming.
10,A movie with many famous lines that give wisdom to life. It warms my heart after watching it :)
10,I really enjoyed watching it.Heartwarming movie after movie
10,It was nice to see the name of the great rock and roll musician Bae Chul-soo, who put Elvis Presley in and ignored because he was faithful to white begging
8,A Hollywood-style film of prejudice and hypocrisy, humanism and friendship.
7,I don't know 100% of the time when discrimination was prevalent, but I think it expressed it calmly well. I just fall in love with the movie without any provocative scenes. The piano has a good melody. If it's a blemish that black people were gay.
10,I'm touched by every scene
10,It's a really awesome movie. It's healing^^
10,I watched it four times. The more I watch it, the more fun it gets. A movie that couldn't be better.
9,A movie that touched my heart after watching it without any information or expectations. The actor who showed a natural character like Tony Rip himself turns out to be the charismatic actor of the Lord of the Rings, Vigo Mortenson... He also praises black actors for their sophisticated and classic English accents, gestures, and facial expressions.
10,Prejudice. Not white, black, Asian, Western, or local people, but they are all precious people who breathe under the same sky. Admitting the difference. courage.
10,It's a trick of the game. My heart is filled with lingering emotions. I think the warm message to us as well as racism is great. It is a movie that will be remembered for a long time
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movieIt's a movie that makes you think. It's a movie that brings each other to life by hanging out with the vulnerability of humans?It was a movie that touched my heart
10,I laughed while watching, and on the other hand, I almost cried.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. If only I had come out during the Christmas season.
7,Friendship blossomed amid racism.It's more touching to hear that we've been friends.
10,The movie was so much fun and the theater was clean
10,I'd like to pay tribute to the Korean audience at the theater.
10,It's touching. A movie that you can enjoy.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. "Scent of a Woman" and "Racism
10,I saw it at Gwanghwamun Cinecube and came out with a happy heart to see the cherry blossoms at Deoksugung Palace. It was so good crying
10,It was a great mix of laughter, touching moments, reality, and history It was impressive to see them getting neutralized as they gradually got influenced by each other^^
10,My heart got warm!
10,The story was so touching It was more surprising that it was a true story
10,Being able to watch this movie is a great blessing in your life
10,The journey of Don Shirley, who couldn't be enough black, white, or man, and Tony Lip, who was the most courageous, bragging and violence, is routine, but more righteous and warm than anyone else. Two lucky stones shining brightly in a strange world. And music. Like experiencing all the worlds that you can experience in movies.
9,It makes you feel the calm comradeship of the concert going to the battlefield.
10,I'm laughing so hard.Sometimes it's sad and the best movie ever.It's a movie that's similar to the friendship of 1 percent Untouchable, and it's really fun
9,Your acting skills in movies are the best
10,Touching, lesson, joy, laughter... Also, the musical elements were perfect and the movie had a long lingering impression.I think 10 points is not enough
10,It's a movie that makes me so happy and bitter about the fact that there is still discrimination against humanity. The second time I was caught by the police, the scene where the police officer looked at the black protagonist without hesitation and said "Merry Chiristmas" was touching
10,Ten stars cannot dare be enough. Shirley, who calmly told me what true decency was, was so noble that she couldn't leave until all the ending credits went up and the silence was long after the employees had to go. That kind of movie.
10,It's really fun. I thought the topic would be hard and boring, but I lost track of time. I strongly recommend it.
9,an immaculate film It's a shame that everything ended so well, but it seems to show the opposite that reality is more hopeful than I thought
10,I can't help but give you 10 points
10,He's the best. Wow.
10,It's a movie with a lot of fun and lessons to think about. It was really good
9,It's the last day of the tour at the orange cafe. It's touching
10,The acting of the two actors in my life movie was so great.
10,I watched a heartwarming movie after a long time. Dr. Shirley said of Tony's love affair with the police, "If you have to be so angry every time you do, what have you done with your life?  "  I was shocked and embarrassed. It's a really good movie.
10,Oh... Lotte Cinema Broadway. Thank you They allowed me to watch this masterpiece later in the theater
10,It's a heartwarming movie that you can watch with your family.I strongly recommend this movie because it's so fun that you can't space out for a second
10,Watching a movie in a theater full of stimulating movies makes my heart warm and full
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie^^
10,Life work The value of personality and dignity
10,It's calm and pleasant. It's touching.It's a movie that makes me think a lot. It's a movie that I want to recommend to people around me
9,Well, okay, it's a work that reveals prejudice that we didn't know about, and I think there should be more and more movies like this.As soon as it's over, I miss you more  I'm more curious about this behind story  I thought so. And the male characters are so attractive.
10,It couldn't have been better.
9,In the second half of the movie, the normal behavior of a police officer who missed our prejudice may be seen as a message of hope suggesting a future without racism.
10,Racism needs to be eliminated
10,I really don't write reviews, but I have to write this It's a movie that asks if you watch it no matter what
10,Kentucky Chicken of Peace Beyond Racism
10,I have nothing to say because it's fun.I'll see you around Christmas
10,It's a great movie. A movie that makes you think and think
10,No! Tony is the Lord of the Rings Aragon!
8,It's a movie that made me think a lot
9,It's a good movie.It was time to think about humans.I recommend it
10,Dignity always wins.
1,I really enjoy it
9,On the other hand, it becomes solemn and warm.
10,It is a movie made by combining Tony's charm and Shirley's nobility.
9,Tony is a man full of charm the more he sees him.
10,I also have pride and prejudice ahead of me, but it is a movie that gave me an opportunity to self-reflect once again.
10,It's great to see a big family eating together at a Christmas party
10,The decent man is superior
9,Fun and touching is basic, and after coming out of the movie theater, I felt warm and happy until I went home after eating. If you watched it on IPTV or laptop at home, you wouldn't have felt this way. A movie that made me realize why some movies must be seen in the movie theater.
10,I cried, laughed, and was touched during the movie
10,It makes me think a lot. Thank you.
10,Acting...  Why are you so good?
10,It's warm. I didn't miss the fun
8,This is what a good movie is like
10,A movie that touched my heart when I tried to watch it lightly ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that doesn't waste five stars!
10,Not white, not black, not manly.The marginalized middleman shouts at the world to break the prejudice, and he starts to break it too.A story that can be consoled and comforted regardless of race or gender.
10,It's my first time writing a movie review, but it's a shame that there are less than 500,000 viewers of such a good movie. It's a really good movie that makes you think a lot and still touches you even if you watch it two or three times
10,A movie that fights my own prejudices that I had while I was unconscious.
10,Tony grumbles and listens to everything he says
10,I think it's a beautiful movie that lingers a lot. Shirley's lines in the rain are so impressive and the treatment of black people in the past, which is unimaginable now, is horrifying. Tony and Shirley's acting skills and overall movie ratings are worth 10 points.
8,It would have been better if the movie had been released on Christmas
10,Touching movie!!!!
10,Make sure you watch it. It's not a waste of time and money
10,It was so nice that not forced laughter, not forced emotion, but all the elements were not forced. I watched this movie late, but I was so thankful that there were still theaters showing it in April.
10,I never thought Tony was Aragon at the time of Lord of the Rings. You're really good at this kind of weightlifting.Thank you for watching. Tears, runny nose... My heart!
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Why is the theater so small?
10,It was a good movieHaha
10,It's a movie that I didn't expect much, but it's calm and touching.I'm more touched that it was a true story when I saw the last part.It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's a movie that fits well with the word masterpiece
10,It was a comfortable, fun, and touching movie
10,The friendship between Dr. Shirley, wrapped in dignity but full of wounds, and Tony, who is full of humanity but somewhat prejudiced. The director's direction, which naturally unravels his uniqueness with humanism, stands out.
10,a movie with a warm echo
10,It's a life movie that's touching and fun at once fun
8,It was a calm but thought-provoking movie. It's a good movie that makes you reflect on the prejudices of the world and your own.
10,It was a movie that made me feel good after watching it. It was very warm.
10,a masterpiece that touches the heart
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,The true story of sublimating racial discrimination into one's own life and acknowledging each other's unlikely personalities makes me so happy that I became a wonderful friend from the perspective of seeing the other person's true self
10,Why was Tony's first meeting with Dr. Shirley at Carnegie Hall? I was horrified to see Tony skillfully use Dale Carnegie's principles of human relations.
10,Ah.. I really think this is a movie. It's been a while!
10,What a wonderful and heartwarming movie!
10,Discrimination, prejudice, friendship, love... A wonderful movie that makes you think about the back naturally.
9,It's really touching. A true story is even more touching!
10,Good! A movie that I happened to see
10,It's a movie that leaves a lot of thoughts and lingering feelings.
10,I can't forget the sad eyes throughout the movie
10,Wow! That's the best movie ever! I love movies like this.What was a bit disappointing was... If I'd seen Dr. Don Shirley happy to meet his brother... Your emotional acting was the best!
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
10,I really clapped while watching it. It's a movie that makes you feel affectionate
10,I was so happy while watching it
10,This movie is about prejudice, not racism
10,It's a movie that makes me feel at ease and feels a lot
10,A journey to find the "me" personality
8,It was good. And I think the chemistry between the two actors was really good.
10,Is it a KFC commercial?
10,It was a good movie that touched my heart
7,I think it's normal...
10,If you watch a movie, you won't regret it. It's so touching!
10,I am glad to see you at the movie theater. The song and the scenery were beautiful. I think it's going to last a long. The best movie ever
10,A movie that was more touched by a police officer who was like the last Christmas present
10,It's a work that depicts the terrible issue of racism with humanity through the friendship of two men...!
10,It's a good movie I wish our movie would be like this, too
10,Genius alone is not enough. I was deeply touched by the phrase "I need courage."
10,I think it's a movie that you have to watch
10,In the 1960s, two American heroes fought against racism, understanding and friendship.
10,It feels like a luxurious movie because of the main character
10,It was so, so, so good. Good job
8,It's a good movie that touches your heart
10,It was so much fun. I think it will be my life movie for the time being, but I feel warm after watching it. :-) If you are thinking about it, I recommend a movie!
10,The view of racism is very elegant and elegant. So there is a greater echo.
10,The acting is good and the content is good
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,Great movie I want to recommend to everyone!  I can't believe we have 420,000 viewers. It is a pity that people recommend movies that kill time like extreme jobs and take over the screen.
10,Watching movies is comfortable all the time.
10,It's such a warm movie...It's a movie that gives me a chance to look back on my life. Tony and Shirley's laugh is the best!
10,It's been a while since I watched a masterpiece movie
10,I regret why I didn't watch this at the theaterI watched a lot of movies for 2 years, but I didn't have a high praise, but it's the best. Make sure to watch it! It's a masterpiece!
10,I want to watch a movie that I want to watch every day like a one-day soap opera
10,It was a movie that lingered a lot The color, music, and story were all perfect and it was a movie that I felt a lot If you majored in art, I recommend you to watch it
10,It's been a while since I've had one... a movie that's not loud but pretty focused.
10,Time flies, Ragon.
10,Extreme jobs are more than once I die and I will watch Green Book 2 times, 3 times, 4 times in a row.
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,The movie that lingers a lot...
10,A thankful movie that made me cry while laughing and smiling throughout the movie
10,I always focus on the work for adults who are working hard and having a hard time and time again I strongly recommend it
9,Culture shock. Green guidebook.
10,A movie that makes me think twice about my way of life again
10,It's a really good movie.
10,It was a touching movie that allowed us to think about prejudice in our society again. 2 hours that are never boring...
10,It was nice to see you on a calm Friday night
9,It's fun. It's a movie that you can watch comfortably
10,It was pleasant, warm and beautifulAnd I wanted to open the chicken together
10,A movie like Shawshank Escape that you'll watch it again. Such a beautiful movie.
10,You want me to increase the number of movie theaters? Don't push for extreme jobs.
10,Three-time Academy Award winner Green Book: 420,000; third-rate low-quality comedy: 16 million.The Korean film industry, which is making movies that fit the level of dogs and pigs, is sad
10,Each person's prejudice or new perspective
10,It was a movie that made me think again about what prejudice is all about. Even after a long time, I was happy that I could still feel it
10,Time to wash away all discrimination and prejudice
8,Even now, when you go abroad, you can see discrimination against people of color. And you couldn't even say it in a movie-talking There were not many theaters, so I went far away to see it, but I could feel the friendship between the two men.
4,I'm disappointed because my expectations are so high that it's obvious ㅜㅜ
9,It's a good movie that's calm but resonating.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time
10,a well-made movie without a title The title was the worst.
10,Don't look at useless things. Let's look at things like this
10,It's a movie without condiments.A gentle wave flows through my mind.
10,I really regret watching this at home. I should've done the opposite.This is the movie. It's been a while since I watched a movie. It was calm, but it was fun and fun
10,This movie is the best! Make sure to watch it
10,Movie of my life. Movie that I want to keep watching.
8,It reminds me of the movie Help, and the story of NASA... I thought of a racist movie It was a movie that made me feel various emotions and thoughts while laughing and feeling sad I hope everyone is happy in the future
10,The best movie I've ever heard.
8,a journey to change prejudice against humans
8,Thank you for the good movie. ^^
7,Tony and Shirley, what a fitting cast
8,The music that awakens the emotions and the pain of the past era pierces my heart so desperately that I feel sad and cold all the whole time? Do you want to stay deep in your heart for a long time? A very good movie?
10,The greatest enemy of human rights struggle is loneliness
10,It was the most touching movie I've ever seen this year. Before watching this movie, I watched Us late at night, and the feeling of feeling was completely purified by the Green Book. It was amazing.It's a movie that I enjoyed watching with my girlfriend so much that I was able to heal and time went by. I strongly recommend it!
10,White chauffeur, black pianist and doctor...There's still racism in the U.I'm touched by the fun.
8,It was such a meaningful and good movie.It's a movie that makes me think about racism and true friendship again
10,I clap for the last piano performance without realizing it!
10,Compliments add disaster!!! It's a beautiful movie
10,It's fun. Let's open it
10,It is a really good movie.
10,The movie that touched my heart...
10,The words that you need courage to win your heart remain in my mind. Beyond compassion and prejudice, I realized what true friendship is
10,It was a movie that made me feel the sound of human dignity after a long time.
8,It's nice to see you without any expectationsReminds me of the friendship of Untouchable 1%, and Mahershala Ali is so cool
10,Best movie ever! A movie that keeps you warm and moving.
10,May their own green book be our all green book
10,I didn't expect much, but it was the best movie.
10,I'm so touched Make sure to watch it. ㅠㅠ
10,I watched a warm, movie-like movie after a long time.
10,It's still the beginning of the year, but it was the best movie I've seen this year It's a movie that anyone can enjoy because it's a mix of laughter and emotion
10,It feels like my heart is full and my heart is warm. I think I received a lot of gifts
10,Let's really not do racism!
10,It's beautiful as it is...It's my favorite movie. It's so beautiful that I can't help but cry
10,I watched the most interesting movie this year. The academy is for no reason. By the way, I knew from the Bigomotenson ending credits that the foreign cook's face was still the same, but I didn't recognize him at all.
9,A good movie that lingers a lot!
10,The most memorable movie and the most interesting movie is "Green Book".
9,I want to see more movies like this at the movie theater. Throughout the movie, laughter, twists, and melancholy coexist.
8,Filled with predictable clichés, so it didn't meet expectations, but Vigo Mortenson's passionate performance covers it all up.
10,It's worth seeing just the depth and weight of the scene in the second half
10,The piano melody is fun, but why am I crying?ㅠㅠ People who feel sad and wear colored glasses are really bad
10,I felt like I've seen a lot of movies so far, but...This is the movie of my life.
10,It's even more touching that it was a true story
10,A movie that makes me look back on myself
9,A ray of warmth soaked my heart in the rage of prejudice
10,I wish I could see it in the theater. It was hard to meet the running time, so I watched it on a paid channel. It was a relief that I could see such a masterpiece late, but it would have been better if I saw it at the movie theater. That's too bad.
10,I watched the movie with my husband at home and it made me feel emotional. Dr. Shirley's eyes became sad together when they looked sad. ㅠㅠ A warm Merry Christmas to the police officer on the way to New York, I want to be a warm person to someone.
10,It's fun, fun, and touching
10,I went to watch it alone, but I didn't know the time was going by. Thanks to you, I felt comfortable Thank you.
10,I like this kind of movie
10,A movie that breaks prejudice even to a prejudiced audience
10,I was surprised that Mayor Park Won-soon appeared in the movie
10,A movie where warm smiles and emotional emotions coexist throughout the movie. It made me think that changing the system requires courage and gave me an opportunity to reflect on my actions.
9,Violence does not prevail. The line was impressive. A movie that makes you feel good!
10,It was fun. I hope you watch this movie at least once
10,I enjoyed a good movie
10,I liked the process of becoming friends
9,It's a shame that it could be boring in the beginning, but the scene where Chopin plays the winter wind in the orange bird is unprecedented
10,I usually like touching stories... This movie is good!
10,The movie shows the racism of white people against Asians in debt to this story and the shame and humiliation of such racism to me as an Asian who has not yet experienced it
10,I didn't expect it, but I laughed and cried and came out satisfied.
8,A movie that seems obvious but not at all. After watching it, I keep listening to the OST.
10,It's a ten-point movie
9,In some ways, it may seem like a common theme, but the movie still comes out of the movie theater pleasantly.
10,A rare movie that resonates in my heart
10,It was a good movie that would affect my outlook on life. Thank you.
10,I'm jealous of the main characters who acknowledge, respect, and protect each other
10,Warm and good movie against prejudice and discrimination...
10,I'm like Tony so I don't know how to explain this movie with the words and vocabulary I know, but I want to say this. A really great movie.
10,A movie that made me look back and reflect on myself
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a movie that makes you think a lot. I really enjoyed it because the story development went by so that it wasn't boring!!!
10,I watched it in fear of bad things happening, but it was a really good movie because it had a happy ending
10,Except for the external elements that can be said in many ways, the power of the two main actors can be felt beyond the cathode ray tube. Other than that, the piano melody is properly melted
10,Why is this movie so interesting?Check it out as your favorite movie!That's awesome, really!!
10,I don't really leave reviews, but it's such a good movie. Kids these days say it's a masterpiece! Few movies can be so smoothly drawn to the themes of racism and prejudice, sometimes with weight and sometimes with humor. It was so nice.
10,It's my life movie!!!
10,I recommend it. It's really interesting. It's disgusting to see racism, but it's impressive that it's expressing the sadness and the sadness in it, but it's expressing the doctor blankly
10,I can't help admiring Shirley's patience and courage
10,The culture is diverse and I felt that choosing, enjoying and learning that culture is not limited to race.  Don Shirley had musical talent and his taste was classical and even talented.  Times and racism were seen naturally and Tony and Shirley's friendship stood out.
10,It's a movie that lingers in my mind. I enjoyed it
10,I liked the well-made movie that made me think a lot while being calm
10,Each and every scene was so meaningful and precious, so I enjoyed watching it the whole time.
10,I saw a true humanist!
10,It's a good movie that breaks the prejudice!
10,It's a movie that's fun and deep enough to make you think
10,Thank you for the good movie!
1,The movie itself is touching. However, I was moved by the director who made the movie and Nick Bellingo without the consent of the bereaved family. It's a true story, so there's a lot of differences, and Don Shirley was married, but you're being gay.I don't know why they are advocating against racism and even navy.
10,I'm glad to know beautiful souls.  It was so touching, but it's a true story. .  It was a time of comfort. Thank you ♥
10,When I say it's fun, it's really fun, but it's really fun
8,I went to KFC right away because of courseI was able to look back at Tony's change Prejudice about others that are hidden in our heads
10,I wish I had a world without prejudice
10,It was a movie that conveyed his anger that I, too, couldn't be black enough, couldn't be white enough, and couldn't be a man enough, even though I couldn't fully understand his position!
8,I'm not particularly attracted, but I see it through.
10,Such a movie should be shown in so many places! It lingers a lot and makes me want to see it again. I reflect on myself that I should abandon prejudice and look at the world. It's the best. ㅜㅜ
10,Let's be together. Happy Happy Happy Happy E-Mart! I can't believe the E-Mart song came out. Home Cook Fried Chicken! Their facial expressions were so funny
9,Discrimination without reason should be eliminated. It's literally discrimination. A good movie. A movie I want to watch on Christmas.
10,I watched it with GFRIEND in a touching way.It's been a long time since I saw a movie that can give you 10 points
10,I found my favorite movie in a long time
10,The best movie of my life. Thank you
10,It was a movie that was so touching and touching when I screened it with my wife.
10,It was a heartwarming movie.I'm happy tonight
10,It's my first time to get a rating. I can't remember when I saw a movie this good without any stimulation. Best movie I've seen in years. A movie that can warm everyone's heart, regardless of age or gender.  I hope Korean movies can take this approach.
10,It's more fun than I expected and Mahershala Ali's eye smile is so attractive.I watched it three times.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Personally, I don't think there will be another moving movie like this this this year. It gave me a heavy impression and a will for justice. Thank you. I recommend it.
10,It was great. I enjoyed it!Compliments to directors and actors!
10,It was a touching movie :)
10,It was such a good movie! The way he looked at black racism from a white perspective was very good ^^
8,Carla People, Slaves, after a long time, had a similar impression  Strong acting, good!
9,It's my first time rating Naver after watching a movie, but it was worthwhile to watch a commercial movie instead of a Korean movie I think it would be nice to make a deep movie in Korea
10,I loved it. Tony who realized discrimination and became a human being
10,After watching this movie, you will find yourself wanting to love someone with an awkward smile. And I think I will keep thinking of this work every Christmas.
10,There was a reason why my friends recommended it.I recommend it to those who want calm fun and touching moments
10,It was more fun than I thought and I'm glad I watched it. It was a movie that made me think about discrimination one more time.
10,Changing thoughts and changing consciousness does not happen overnight, and we should always look back on whether we are consciously thinking and doing right without prejudice wherever we are.
10,Prejudice is just prejudice...I didn't expect it at all. It's a movie that deserves a screenplay award.
10,It was so good! a film that is calm and has a loud echo
10,It's touching. It's fun and warm inside.
10,A black shirt in a suit is the best...
10,A great film that moves your heart without a flaw
10,Thank you to the people who made great works!
10,At the end, when I told him not to call me that, I was touched
10,The most important thing in life was who to meet. Being provided with rest and cool breeze with moving music and quiet rural scenery is a bonus ^^ I bow to them who have endured those times for a while as I learn what the title "Green Book" is
8,Tony's remarkable change from the beginning, and at the end, he felt more trustworthy than anyone else. His wife Dolores is also a wonderful woman. Shirley's courage was also great in an era of rampant discrimination. The movie that I really like the last scene.
9,A good movie. A movie that resonates well in this era of discrimination, prejudice, and arrogance.
10,The last scene was so simple and touching.
8,If it's fun, hahahaha. Got it, Mortensen
10,A warm and touching movie. Thank you^^
10,a heart-beating message
10,Thank you for your letter It couldn't happen at the ending afterwards.
10,It takes courage to change something
10,Even if there's no dramatic production, I can't help but cry
10,It's a perfect movie
8,A must-see movie.a gentle touch
10,I hope through the Green Book that everyone will live in a society without prejudice.
8,By dealing with the theme of discrimination, he avoided the sense of damage as much as possible and naturally mixed Asians, telling the story of their friendship in a classic way.
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure you watch it Let's add comments
8,Episodes about racism and conflict are listed, and the overall storyline is weak, so it feels like playing separately. However, with the addition of delicate acting and background portrayals, it feels more realistic and fresh.
10,a film that gently wets one's heart And pay tribute to Vigo Mortensen's great performance, which is more Italian than Italian! There are also criticisms that it is a typical white relief narrative, and I think that it is said by people who did not understand the movie properly.
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠHave a cup of coffee and watch it
10,Wow, this is really a movie!
10,The best movie that inspires and inspires Shirley's famous lines!A movie like a movie
10,Tony at the beginning of the movie was originally like them, but by the time the ending credit goes up, Tony Balleronga is lovely. The movie tells us that we have to narrow the distance to understand each other
10,It feels like I watched a really good movie
10,I bought it for the rest of my life and watched it, and it's a great movie. I strongly recommend it.
10,That we now live forgetting that a lot of things we take for granted have been done by someone's courage and sacrifice. It was a movie that made me realize it again. What a good movie, great acting. Thank you!
8,a heartwarming movie
10,It was so touching. Everything was the best
10,I loved it. It was so touching and fun
10,Take a look at anything again
9,I am deeply moved by the life of the protagonist who has endured discrimination and neglect for many years. I hope that all the prejudices and discriminations that still exist in the world will disappear and that the world will be a good place to live soon
10,I'm not sure if you can describe a person's emotions in such a detailed way  I don't know what the movies I've seen so far.It makes me feel it again  The actors' acting and directing skills are amazing
10,It's fun, heart-warming, and I'satisfied
10,A better movie to watch with your children
10,It's still lingering, but I like it because it's a movie that ends neatly and not cruel. Episodes from each village come into my mind calmly, and it's been a long time since three idiots have seen such a good movie.
10,It's really goosebumps in the rain.The chemistry between the two actors was so good
10,I'm short of 5 stars Strongly recommend
10,Make sure to watch it. It's your favorite movie.
10,It's a movie that made me realize that nothing is obvious. There's a loud
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.Haha
10,Oh... Vigo Mortensen...It seems that Easton Pramis' face will remain a different feeling and lingering feeling before it is forgotten.What a great movie!I can see why you recommended it so much around me.I was surprised to hear that I saw my friend twice who didn't watch foreign movies because he was too lazy to read subtitles.
10,The acting and emotions of the two main characters that touch my heart. It's been a while since I've seen a movie like a movie.
10,This is my life movie ^^
10,Make sure to watch it. Two, three times!
10,A movie with good gestures, music, and behavior
10,It was the best movie.I hope you watch it somehow
10,I thought it would be boring, but it was so much fun that I left the first comment. When the camera zoomed in on the piano keyboard, I got goosebumps A good song comes out when the black and white keys are combined. Nothing can be completed with just one
10,Should it be something enough? He may have such questions but always struggle to pursue such a life. It's not enough, but I want to applaud enough people already
10,I'll watch it again on Christmas Eve
10,dignity, fun, prejudicerealization
10,This paradoxical situation, the character is so cheerful and I didn't expect to hit the bone. And our Aragon, Vigo Mortensen change is so great.I would like to give a generous round of applause to the two actors who played their roles so well.
10,It's a great movie that made me write Naver rating for the first time. Sigh...
10,A must-see movie. Audience advertising through word of mouth.I've been looking for a lot of small movies because I'm tired of the big distributor's monopoly. I met some movies that didn't meet my expectations.Garbernaum and the Green Book. You have to watch a lot of movies like this.
10,Shirley, who lives in the meaningless discrimination created by the world, and Tony, who eats chicken, were so warm in their friendship
10,Beautiful screen, happy friendship, and true story!!! This triple beat warms my heart, and I'm grateful that the movie hasn't come to an end yet, and I'm getting a calm impression at the Shinsa Lotte Cinema.-by ship
10,The movie that I expected but liked the calm than expected. A film that makes you smile.
10,an impression that is not forced out of one's heart out of one's mind
10,Mrs. Tony seems like a very nice person, too
10,If you acknowledge and respect the person himself, no matter what he does or what he likes, there will be fewer lonely people like Shirley!?
10,Best movie of the year... It's still March.
10,Things you'll never know if you haven't been there
10,I feel emotional. And it's touching.
10,Yes, I enjoyed it. I love your conversation
10,I was able to watch it pleasantly while thinking a lot throughout the whole time so that it was hard to evaluate it in just a few lines. The movie that lingers... I recommend watching it alone
10,It's a movie that made me realize that I'm not biased just because I feel like I'm on the other side of prejudice, but I'm trapped in another one of my own.
10,I hope there will be more movies like this!
10,It's a warm movie to watch. It's the best. ^^
10,I love this kind of movie. I hope all prejudices in the world disappear
10,a movie that won't be boring and will make you fall for it
10,Even if you don't have to squeeze the tears out of the audience, you can feel the emotion.
9,I solved the problem of racism pleasantly.
8,Regardless of the facts, if you notice the detailed expressions of the movie that expressed the emotions of the main characters well, you need to know who you are and live like yourself
10,It's touching. It makes me think twice about discrimination
8,It's a movie that cleans your eyes with stimulating content and fancy CG
10,I was so happy to eat luxury caviar and Kentucky Fried Chicken together.
10,Is this the maximum score of 10 points? I think I just clapped throughout the movie
9,As expected, the highly acclaimed movie is a very heartwarming movie, and the actors' acting is the best
10,I enjoyed it a lot!
10,It's my first time to write a rating on a movie of my life
10,It's a movie that's touching and gives you a lesson!
10,I watched it with my mother, and she said, "It was a heavy theme, but it was good that it was drawn not heavy," and she was very moved.
10,Ah... I headed home feeling like my heart was full after a long time  It was too bad that I saw it alone
10,Just watch it. It's a good movie
10,The discrimination against black people in the movie makes me angry, but could we have thought the same way if we were white people in the southern United States of that era?It's a movie that really leaves a lot of lingering feelings.
10,It's a really good movie. Make sure you watch it
9,It makes me think a lot, but there's humor and I enjoyed it.
10,The best movie of 19 so far. Is there anyone who hasn't seen it?
10,Is it okay for Korean theaters to treat this work so poorly? It's a piece of work that you can't miss out on.A deep impression is likely to linger for a long time.
10,It was hard to find the theater. I'm glad I can see you at the theater before I get off at all the theaters.
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently I'm on my way to see it for the second time today.
10,It was calm and fun. I enjoyed it
9,It feels like I went on a heart-breaking and warm trip with people who are not perfect
10,It's such a good movie!
8,It was okay to lead a movie that was dramatic and not boring, but the logic of racism and black and white in our country was not very touching. It was a warm movie, but there was no big impressionable
10,The last one was so warm and nice as Shirley came up bravely and Tony welcomed each other and hugged each other 무 Anyway, it's a good movie
9,I can imagine the discrimination that I experienced until I maintained a noble posture, and even when I was drunk, I was impressed by the noble performance
10,Let's not discriminate against prejudice I think each person is different
10,It was the best movie of my life. Seriously.
10,I hope everyone will be the same someday
10,There's no need for words  It was a trip that changed the values of the best healing movie hero.
10,It's a movie with both laughter and emotion. It lingers for a long timeI recommend it. ^^
10,A must-see movie this year
9,A calm and warm movie. It's all the more touching because it's a true story
10,This is a movie. I want Korean distributors to see it
10,You're giving me a cool impression
10,It made me think a lot about human rights, including racismHaha
10,It is surprising that the sensitive subject of racism is outspoken, but in some ways, it is not too heavy and can be said less burdensome. As an Asian, I also feel this complicated aftertaste, but I wonder how I would feel after watching this movie from a black or white perspective.
10,It's the best. The best
8,As soon as I understand and respect other beings, I may be able to touch things that I couldn't touch.
8,It's a film that lingers. It's a bit boring in the beginning
10,It was really funny and I liked it because it was touching and lingering...The white male lead is familiar, so I wondered who it was, but it's Aragon, the Lord of the Rings.As if I'm gaining weight on purpose...
10,I went to watch it lightly and felt heavy. I think I'll remember it for a long time
10,The movie of my life that makes me cry while enjoying it
9,I liked the subtle descriptions that sent the message
10,If you know the background of the times and watch the movie, it will be much more understandable and fun. Another movie that you want to watch with calm emotions!!!
7,It's boring than you think. If you like calm movies, I recommend it
10,meet two different people to learn what they can't learn and suffer what they can't
9,How many prejudices are we living with? I made a great movie based on a true story. I give my compliments.
10,It's such a good movie.Why are there so many screenings?
10,I want to strongly recommend a movie. It is calm but there is a strong impression and lingering feeling
10,I watched a good movie after a long timeIt's a movie that brings a calm changeI hope there will be many movies like this
10,Make sure you watch it. It's not boring
10,It's a fun scene. It's touching and touching
9,Prejudice, courage, music, food, and emotion come together
9,Seeing so ridiculous racism throughout the whole time, I thought I understood Shirley right on her side. But when I took the last police officer's actions for granted and predicted them, before I knew it, I also stood opposite him and pretended to understand him only for my goodness sake.
9,The music playing from time to time is so cozy as the screen changes. I can relate to the story. The natural scenery is great and the road movie warms your heart.
10,a film with a calm and strong impression
10,I feel the arrogance and prejudice of the world.It's not flashy but calm
9,Calm fun and touching...
10,역대 최고의 영화
10,I thought the poster and title would be a very boring movie, but it's totally fun. The music is good and it's all fun.
10,I thought the poster and title would be a very boring movie, but it's totally fun. The music is good and it's all fun.
10,The movie of my life... Bigotenson, I think you gained weight on purpose, but you are good at acting, black brother is good at acting, it is comical, touching, not forced, but it was a very warm movie. I'm going to watch it one more time!
10,You made it well! Expectation satisfaction :-)
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,a movie about racismThe U.S. is home to people who are not much different from us.Where there are more inhumane people than we are.Although it's one side.Our country will be a great country.The day when Japanese conservatives disappear.
10,A movie that makes me smile and warms my heart. Of course, it's based on a true story, but I know it's an adaptation. Still... Still, the movie is fun.
10,I really enjoyed watching a movie based on a true story that broke racial prejudice and discrimination.
8,It's an Academy-type movie, but it's worth watching
10,I haven't seen a good movie in a long time. It was a movie that showed how useless human prejudice is.
9,How to deal with big topics with little content
10,Tony's specialty is straightforwardness."I envy you for saying what you want to say." "A movie that makes you smile because the chemistry between the two characters is good."
10,A movie that I want to express my feelings after watching a movie for the first time. It is good to be able to express facts that can be remembered as bad memories calmly but sometimes pleasantly. It's a movie that's not provocative and easy to immerse yourself in.
9,Guys, watch movies like this
10,There's no need for words Make sure to watch it
8,Obviously, it's someone's son's greed based on distortion and gaze that can be uncomfortable for someone, but for someone here where discrimination is still alive, it could be a green book to think about it. I think the world might have gotten a little better from that time, but I shake my head soon.
10,The chemistry between the two leading actors, black as white and white as black, was good, and especially the scene where Dr. Shirley was screaming in the rain was horrifying. It's a movie that gave a heavy big message.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,One of the reasons why life is fun is that there is a movie like this that you meet once in a while in your life.
10,a modest approach
10,A touching movie that shows the process of building a tower of friendship by confronting injustice and prejudice in their own way. My heart was warm all the time.
9,It was the best Christmas ever.
10,I don't want to watch it again, so I've never watched it again, but I've watched it three times
10,It is a must-see movie living in the 21st century.It's so touching
10,Dr. Sherry, who doesn't belong here and there. It's a good movie that makes you think about fun, touching, and many things.
8,Perfect looking black, rough white. friendship between them It shows the standard of road movies.
10,It was a movie that showed the two men changing in contrast at first, but the end was the same! My heart is getting warm
10,A movie that made me feel various emotions. I became shy.
10,The color of the video, the music, the lines, and the actors' acting were all so touching and it was really good
10,Understanding from each other's point of view made them true friends. Too bad it's not showing in many movie theaters.
10,The movie that people around me skip because the audience is too small ㅠㅠ Too bad
4,I think it's overrated.
10,A movie that shows hope that one person's efforts can change the whole world, but one person's efforts can change one person and gradually change it into a better world
10,It's a story of people who didn't take it for granted that everyone enjoyed it for granted.Why Shirley shouted 'dignity' so much.
9,I was moved when I heard Merry Christmas at the second police inspection while watching a movie that was only 2 hours long. I think I know how ordinary and equal they want to live, because they're always discriminated against for the rest of their lives, even though they've been immersed in the situation for only two hours It is a good move.
10,It's a meaningful movie that's light and fun but makes you emotional
10,It was the most pleasant movie I've seen recently.
10,Mahashala speaks with her eyes. You've become a different driver from Eastern Pramis. Both are characters ♡
10,It's a true story movie that fits the famous line, "It takes courage to impress people."The director's directing skills are amazing.I think the movie will be released until today, but I hope more people will watch it and experience the touching life of courage
10,It's a movie that I'm glad I didn't miss it. It's a movie that touches your heart. It's Gingchu
10,The gentle changes of two people that are constantly being brushed are lovely.
10,It's been a while since I saw this movie
10,Genius and courage, and friendship between the two.
10,I feel like I can see it in between the scenes. I really enjoy watching it
10,It's the best. It will be the best movie ever.
10,I feel better!
10,It's a masterpiece. It's funny, bitter, cool, and pathetic
8,A movie that makes you curious about Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,Warm and thoughtful Buddy, I like it because it's not immaculate, and I like it because it shows sincerity
10,I missed you so much, but as expected, I missed you. It's good to put in a lot of messages and make you think I'd love to.
10,I watched a really good movie in Jamsil today
10,It's a masterpiece. The level of immersion, perfection, fun, touching, everything is perfect
10,It was really good and amazing
8,The Asians are out.
10,It's sad that this movie is 400,000 even though the extreme job is 10 million
10,It was time for Tony to be happy enough with his guts and talk.
10,It was so touching
10,Movie recommendation! There's a reason why the rating is high! I've been binge-watching Dr. Don Shirley's songs all day long after watching the movie! He always plays YouTube music
9,It's such a good movie. Satire, humor, music, videos...
10,It's a movie that lingers a lotI'm going to go eat KFC
8,It was a movie that made me feel the beauty of soaking
10,I bought it on TV and watched it The main characters have a lot of charms
10,It was a heart-warming movie
1,It's higher than Shawshank's escape. It's for rating adjustment.
10,It's very touching. It's so nice
10,I enjoyed watching the movie "Sigh..." while watching the movie why the title of the road movie (?) of the South American tour with a black man with a sophisticated manner and a white Italian man full of humanity. It's more heart-warming that we were good friends until the day you two die
8,I liked the touching story and music
9,There will be a world where discrimination decreases only when there are more movies dealing with discrimination.
3,I watched the movie after watching the fake controversy, and if you made Don Shirley look so stupid, you know, it's just that a hot guy white guy solves this and that of a weak black guy, and he makes friends, and he's like a white guy
10,It's a really good movie...
10,Thank you for the good movie
8,It's fun and the content is good
10,It was such a good movie. I enjoyed it! Everyone, make sure to watch it!
10,It's a movie that you'll regret if you didn't It was really good
10,. Just look at it.
10,It's a work of art. A work of art.
10,Director Dumb and Dumber...Also
10,Very very good...If you're a bully or an idol, lower the screen and increase the number of movies or theaters. It is a pity that this movie theater is small.
10,A movie that is sad that the theater is small. A movie with a heavy theme or a movie with a sensuous movie
10,Whiteness, blackness, was just created by those in power at the time. It can be changed enough.
7,Just the way you feel when you watch "Untouchable".
9,Of course, I knew it, and I knew it so well that I thought there would be nothing more to know, but I found out that even the thought was the gaze I looked at as much as I wanted to see. In addition, it was a good movie with solid fun, probability, and story composition.
10,My heart was so good the whole time I watched it.
10,I love this kind of movie.ㅠㅠ I really enjoyed it
10,The movie of my life. I don't need to say anything. I must watch it
9,It's a great movie. It doesn't have to be provocative, but it makes you laugh and move
10,Second viewing. I'm going to watch it again. Everyone who watched it together is impressed and moved. truth.
10,It's a calm conversation, but the details are very good. I think it will be a life movie that you must watch at least once. I strongly recommend it.
10,In fact, when I saw the movie introduction and poster without knowing the movie contents, I knew the roles of the two main characters in the poster in reverse, and I was shocked that even I had a prejudice while watching the movie
9,A movie that gives hope to humans in a brutal world like these days
8,The wits in between were really good.It's a shame Mortensen didn't win the Academy Award for Best Screenplay.
8,It seemed to hear a silent cry breaking down the walls of warm humanity, discrimination against people of color and perception.It is a movie that gives a faint memory and a comfortable feeling of the passing era, and it was comfortable as if I was wearing clothes that fit my body after a long time.
10,Two different people who don't seem to be acting.
10,It's not boring, it's touching. However, I don't want to compare it with domestic movies. I hope the movie will be enjoyed and evaluated by itself.
8,I thought it was a heavy atmosphere, but it could be a movie that lightly deals with heavy topics
10,This movie doesn't just talk about race. One person who goes on a long journey knowing that there are prejudices and risks, and another who listens and sympathizes with the journey. A world where these people gather and change. It is a good story that will still serve as a model today.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I applaud Dr. Don Shirley's indomitable determination to be treated like that, to be sick, to be unyielding and to strive for prejudiceHah!
10,Clearness that keeps you thinking but keeps you from overheating.
10,It's a painting that leaves a lot of lingering feelings.
10,It's a heart-warming movie. It's a movie about the process of giving each other what we need and breaking prejudice and respecting each other as human to human
10,A really good movie to watch.It was warm
10,A touching movie that transcends racism, and a scene that cannot be missed from beginning to end
10,It's a really fun movie
10,A movie that's good for prenatal education. Heartwarming
10,Okay. The acting of the two actors was great
10,I cried and laughed and got goosebumps watching this movie. It's the best!
10,It's a movie that lingers for the first time in a long time
10,Make sure to watch it. A heart-warming healing movie
10,It warms my heart after watching it. I look back on myselfIt was a good movie^^
10,friendship beyond racism
10,It was a movie that made me look back on myself. I recommend it
10,It's been a while since I've run a movie
10,The movie with meaning was fun. Please increase the number of theaters
10,Understanding each other 1:1 is not everyone's privilege. I was happy to see this movie as a dream come true whether it was true or not
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie. You'll regret it if you don't watch it.
10,It was so touching
10,It's fun. It makes me feel good
10,the best movie in the last five years
10,It's warm and cool. I can't express it. Make sure you watch it
10,It was touching and nice
10,It's boring, but I'm falling for it. Merry Christmas
10,It was a healing movie where I could see humor planted from time to time, cool BGM, and no excessive wick
10,the warmest and most heartwarming movie
10,The road that looks straight now stems from a man who walked through thick thorns
10,All three of them touched my heart Male protagonist 2, wife 1
10,The movie is so good. The black man is so lovely
10,A movie that's very moving. It was so nice  I hope you watch it
10,It was nice to see a good movie
10,I watched a good movie after a long time~~
10,I enjoyed watching it more than I thought. ㅠㅠ I got goosebumps when I shouted outside the rain car and I really hope this kind of movie will be made in Korea ㅠㅠ Not with God, not with the same god
10,One of the life movies following Help.
10,It's just people and people
10,I applaud you for being able to make such a moving and witty movie even though it flows calmly from start to end without sudden development of flow or instigation of emotions.It was also good to see the music and scenery that showed local colors around the southern part of the United States.
10,It's fun and humorous, so it leaves a lingering impression
10,Italian guy lover?
10,It's so touching. It's a human drama
10,Good! I watched it with my family and it was good.
10,Both the supporting and main characters were moved by detailed expressions of emotions and gave peace of mind with beautiful piano melodies. I really want to recommend a movie like a happy virus!
10,If you don't like to read books, it feels like you read a really simple luxury novel after watching this movie. This is the quality.Tea
10,What a good movie! The piano melody is so touching and beautiful! This is a real movie!
10,Listen carefully to the lines^^
10,It's a masterpieceIt was so touching
10,A film that is not too much but enough to convey a message. It was a good movie.
10,There's no time to be bored...Who am I entitled to discriminate against?This is the movie.
8,People who needed each other so much.Am I a necessary person?
10,Why am I sad?ㅠㅠ The best
10,A movie that's more touching because it's calm
10,It's been a while since I watched a high-quality healing movie.
10,I can't believe this kind of movie can only be introduced in Korea.Must be designated as a mandatory viewing movie
10,a huge change caused by small movements
10,It's a must-see movie
10,I wasn't expecting much, but I was so touched. It's a beautiful movie.
10,Look at this. It's annoying that I have to fill out at least ten letters before I get registered. It's up to me
10,I'm not the type to watch a movie that I've watched once again, but I want to keep watching it...I saw my prejudice against both of them and it became one of my life movies that gave me so much as a gift
10,There's a reason why we're getting an award. Wow, you're the best! You're the best!
10,I remember the skillful directing and acting I recommend watching it before it's over^^
10,I was surprised twice that the main character was Aragon I'm craving chickenRacism is heartbreaking. Dr. Don Shirley acts well. Heartwarming movies like this are so good
10,The best movie in my standards! I laughed and cried ㅠ
9,Oscar is not wrong
10,I think it's to go long an aftertaste.Two leading actor's performance is so good ...
10,Feels like I drank a bowl of beef bone in my weak soul! Good, good. Berry, good
10,Aragon is acting crazy.
10,Such a movie is a masterpiece that I see only a few times a year.I liked the feeling of touching people's hearts and it is a warm movie that makes me feel happy after watching the movie
10,It is a must-see movie. I'm going to watch it again.
10,It's still lingering. It was so much fun
10,It was a healing movie after a long time  It was nice to be able to feel both humor and emotion My music in the movie is a bonus
10,A non-stimulating, calm but humorous and entertaining film. Strongly recommend
10,It was a really good movie~~
10,It's the best. I hope there are more theaters
10,A movie that warms my heart. A movie that made me feel comfortable and happy and laugh at the end
10,Dr. Shirley is adamant that decency always prevails among brute whites
8,I'm sad that I couldn't see it at the movie theaterIt's fun ^^
10,Best movie ever, deep, lingering movie
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,I think it's been a long time since I saw a really good piece!
10,The third time I watch a movie, it's more fun and less interesting
10,It is my favorite movie
10,It was such a moving and good movie. The doctor, who was not recognized by black or white people, always seems to have spent his journey hiding his sadness and enduring it. However, he seemed so happy to refuse the last performance that was discriminated against and enjoy it as one with music in the restaurant.
8,I feel like I drank tea that makes my stomach warm because I fell into my throat even though I dealt with sensitive materials. Oh, I feel good.
10,There is a reason for the high rating
9,It feels like friendship of 1% Untouchable. It may be boring due to the nature of the drama genre, but I think it is a good movie. I feel good after watching it.
10,It's more than I expected I'd love to.
10,It's my first time writing a comment, but it's so much fun that I'm leaving a review. It's a movie. It's all operational. It's still lingering after watching it
10,It was a warm movie where we learned the difference between a more black-like white man and a more white-like black man, and before we knew it, we recognized each other as the same person
9,The story is interesting and touching! Shirley's music makes you listen and in the last performance, when you come down from the top to the bottom and enjoy the music together, I'm as nice as I can be. Be sure to watch Bigomotence is a real Italian bully
10,It reminds me of the racism I suffered in foreign countries. A moment when Dr. Shirley, who has courage and dignity, looked great.
10,It's a truly beautiful and pleasant movieThe story details, music, everything was a good movie I strongly recommend it! I strongly recommend it!!
10,Don't just be moved by this movie, but if you used words that disparaged people like Jjangkae, Jjokari, and Southeast Asian races, take time to reflect on yourself.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie
10,The story, music, and scenery were all great^^ It's a heart-warming movie♡
10,There weren't any movies to watch these days, but it was so much fun As expected, there are many great movies like this in non-commercial theaters.
10,I want to eat chicken and my heart is warm.Especially after the movie, I strongly recommend the movie because it has been a long time since the movie was moved and peaceful
10,It's so, so, so, so, so fun
10,It's touching and very fun. I loved the unpredictable freshness
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot...
8,I'm glad it wasn't Shinpaa movie that can be seen
10,I was happy the whole time I still can't stop smiling I want to catch and recommend anyone on the street
8,It's a warm movie. I recommend it
10,It was touching.
10,Applause for the unbiased friendship between the dazzling Don Sherry and the troublemaker Tony
7,Some clichés make it seem cliche, but overall it's calm and not too much, leaving a lingering impression
10,Why did Aragon come out here?
10,Let's watch it one more timethe best movie
4,Four points are given because of the scene where bones were blown out of the window, the performance scene of the cheesy orange restaurant, and the obvious story.
10,They're so cute and lovely
8,I watched it without much expectation, but I think it's a good movie. Old cars and chicken keep coming out
10,The whole time I was watching the movie was great
10,A movie that completely broke the prejudice that it would be boring. A movie that gave you enlightenment and thoughts without being bored at all.
1,Best Entertainment Movie of 2018
10,Admitting the difference isn't just about race, but the attitude that we should have at every moment
10,That's exactly when black racism is serious. Even a true story is a movie that learns a lesson.It breaks my heart to hear that I don't belong to a black person or a man among the lines that the Doctor said.
6,Why is it so high? I don't think it's this high...It's just normal
9,He expressed the psychology between the two well under the theme of racism. Seeing the two people who are becoming more and more alike to each other, the immersion was very high with a setting that was not excessive and unreasonable.Korean film directors who pursue simple entertainment such as extreme jobs, please make works.
10,It's a perfect movie Hah!
10,It was more than I expected! I don't know how much black people used to be treated unfairly. There's a lot in the movie
10,I'm touched. It must be a great movie
10,It was a heartwarming and touching movie
10,It's a movie that I couldn't stand up easily even afterwards.It's kind of touching to say that it's fun.Tony and Shirley are both so good at acting.I envy true friendship.
10,It was a touching movie
8,I liked the movie about loneliness, but it was based on a true story, so many exaggerated paradoxes were mixed, so 8 points
10,I saw Jopesh from Aragon.
10,I was touched~ ^^ The work and reality were both good.
10,Strangely tearful - a magical movie
10,The best movie, the color of your skin is useless if your heart is in sync
9,A movie that makes me think a lot. A movie that makes me look back on. We are different from the white people on the screen, but we are the same people inside.
10,Hey, you punk, you spoiled the most important part of the movie. You're like a dog's baby. I'm going to bend my wrist so I can't use my fingers
10,The squabbling between the two strangers didn't want to end because the tsundere friendship and the humor in the film as a whole weren't boring Warmth and Mayor Park Won-soon sometimes appear
10,Make a movie like this! I really want to go there a lot. Pleasant, exhilarating, and thought-provoking movie. a warm movie
10,The best! The best! It's on the list of my favorite movies
10,A good movie to watch twice. A film that evokes calmness, cheerfulness, and many thoughts.
10,I don't know who the black actor is, but the sadness that suppressed his acting. What race are you?
10,The best movie in the first half of this year
10,It was touching. I think it'd be nice to watch it with your family
10,It was a touching and happy movie
8,Oh, I really don't understand this Korean movie version. It's a shame that even I almost did that, even though OOOs are so popular, such a touching movie will be buried.It is really good actors and good directing
10,Such a heartwarming movie! The storyline was natural and above all, the actors' acting stood out 실제 as vivid as a real person
10,When this country makes 16 million extreme job junk movies, America makes these good movies
10,Why aren't there many movie theaters like this? It's a movie that shows America's bare face, which is based on human rights standards of rubber bands.
10,Fun is fun, echo is echo, lesson is lesson. The best movie of my life!
10,I don't usually use things like this...
10,It's so much fun.ㅜㅜ
10,I watched a movie that I made in a long timeTo the point where I cry because I'm touched
10,I wanted to call a lonely and courageous person right now and ask them to watch the Green Book together
10,The best music was good, and the humor was good. a trip to old New York and southern cities
10,Tony is the Lord of the Rings Aragon ㅠㅠ the years...
10,Every human being deserves respect. To be prejudiced against extroverts.I'm also ashamed to be human.  It was such a warm and touching movie
10,Thank you for the movie that makes me think about the courage to confront loneliness and prejudice
10,I saw this. I don't want to waste time and it's fun
8,I wish I could see you on Christmas.I lost track of time and watched it.Thumbs up
10,A film that gently shows the sadness of a person who could not belong anywhere. A movie that showed that what was everyday for someone was what someone dreamed of. A movie that showed us how prejudice has affected us
10,I predict that one day Bigo Mortensen will win Best Actor.
10,Forced, touching, forced tears, no no, sad ending. I'm nervous
10,After watching the movie, I was shocked to find out that it was Bigo Mortensen.
10,That's the best. This is the movie, okay?
10,It was the best movie I've seen in years! It was a meaningful 2 hours where I was able to learn laughter, emotion, and lessons^^
10,It's fun and touching!
10,난 충분히 검지 않아!!
9,Those who wanted to watch the movie would have looked it up, and they would have gone home satisfied. Rather than being tired and disappointed by the movies that everyone looks for, the satisfaction and gratitude that comes from watching a movie that some people are eagerly waiting for is greater.
10,the pleasure of seeing Remark is
10,I didn't leave a rating at all, but it's really touching and fun.It's the movie of my life movie.Make sure to watch it^^
10,Well-made movie! It was more appealing because it did not elicit injustice as if trying to persuade the weak in discrimination, but simply drew reality and solved it into an episode.
10,Is there any way to give more than 10 points?I was biased because I was into hero movies.
6,Is it fun without the message? Obvious story. Obvious story
10,It's been a long time since I saw such a good movie. I'll have to watch it again before I get out of the theater^^
10,A movie that warms my heart after watching it.
10,Tony, look straight ahead --
10,The best! I watched it without knowing the time was passing
10,This kind of movie is the real movie
10,Wow... I trusted the ratings and enjoyed it. It was a movie that made me think about many things. :)
10,the best heartwarming movie
10,It's a great movie. Even though I'm a person of color, I had a hidden inner reluctance toward black people and Southeast Asians, which made me reflect on my past.
10,Best movie of the year that makes you lose track of time
10,Make sure you watch it. It's the best movie ever.
10,I think it is such a good movie. I was happy when I was immersed from the beginning to the end of this movie.
10,Bigotenson's acting transformation is touching. It's fun, but you're wetting your eyes
10,The best movie ever!  It's a shame that there aren't many theaters for such good movies
8,A movie that leaves a long lasting impression on the friendship between two men with skin color, personality, environment, and completely different values.
10,I'm so happy to see such a good movie
10,Thank you for the Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,Was it decency that protected Dr. Shirley? What kept Dr. Shirley?
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it at the movie theater
10,I watched it on the plane and didn't see the last 10 minutes, so I ended up watching it in the theater. That's how much fun it was, but it was fun to watch it twice. Well-made movies are never boring!  A movie that I could enjoy more because I didn't try to teach it.
1,It's worth watching, but the rating is too high
10,It is a movie that shows why it is being screened for a long time. A movie that delivers a heavy message without stimulation.
6,In addition to racism, the black pianist's attempt to change the driver's name, and the white driver's self-image, the movie shows the pride of the black community and the gap between classes.
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. Every line is a wise saying.
10,It's a warm movie that tells you to give prejudice to dogs!
10,Why aren't you showing a masterpiece like this? Damn CGV
10,It's the best movie ever. I can't get over it
10,Dr. Shirley's acting is the best
10,베스트 무비 2019
7,The atmosphere of racism has shown a topic that can become heavy without overdoing it!
10,A film that is calm and touching without much flexion
10,It's the best movie. It makes you think about prejudice and friendship
10,Please let me see this beautiful movie.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot!
10,I watched this movie 'ㅅ'
9,I like the stories of people who don't harm others. It may be a similarity, but it is healing to see you not jealous of others.
9,Kentucky Fried Chicken!
10,If you watch the best movie, you never regret itMasterpiece of Aragon, Lord of the Rings
10,I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm me~ Hold hands with my family
9,I didn't feel like watching a movie after a long time. But there is no real Green Book.
8,It's heartwarming. The directing is good, but it's fun to watch the acting of the two actors. The last scene with the police officer is impressive.
10,I'm sorry. I didn't see this great movie in the theater. I saw it as a killing time, but I got a valuable time. Thank you, Green Book
10,It's been a while since I saw a funny movie with a lesson ^^
10,A hundred stars is not a waste. Color on top of a smooth storyline. However, humor placed in the right place brings laughter, and restrained lines and acting that do not overflow call catharsis for the first time in a long time. I miss winter again. You're really...
10,It's seriously so much fun
10,It's been a while since I saw a calm and heartwarming movie! The two main characters have great chemistry and are cute. I hope you watch it. 10 points!
10,There was Italian loyalty and warmth.
10,The chemistry between Vigo Mortenson's unconscious performance and Mahershala Ali's screwed-up performance was good.
10,I will want to watch the movie again even if I watch it several times.
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again
10,A movie that tells you what a person is. I was much more touched than Help and Hidden Figures. I feel like I have to change my life movie, and I'm sick of Mortensen's acting.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. I'm taking it.
10,It's a touching Young-Young-Young-young
10,Tony, who came back home in the second half and saw Don Sherry today...The scene where you hug each other like you met an old close friend remains in my heart
10,a hidden twistDirecting, screenwriting, and actors' acting are also perfect.Best movie of the year ㅜㅜ
7,Hmm... The score is too high It's like a friendship supply of 1% Untouchable.
10,A calm movie. It was a good movie after a long time
10,After watching it, I ate kfc chicken!
10,It was so good. It's sad and great
10,Tony is good at acting, so I was going to watch another movie, but it was Aragon. ㅜㅜ Aragon is good at acting though
10,There's an impression that's hard to explain in words.
10,It's a very warm movie that heals you. I strongly recommend it!
2,It's a movie full of messages.From start to finish, "Don't bother black people, don't bother black people," but I've never bullied black people
10,I haven't seen a proper movie in a long time.
10,a film that gives a light impression
10,I like movies like this Not romance action fantasy noir...A piece that smells like a person
10,Throughout the movie, I watched it while thinking, "I hope it doesn't end."
9,a film that lingers heavily
9,꼭 봐야 해요.
10,A must-see movie in 2019...
8,A movie is supposed to be so touching and perfect.I still can't get out of the shock and disappointment that extreme jobs are over 16 million! I feel good even if I get more than 10 million hearts when it's a green book.The movie's standards are falling apart in front of money
8,The story was simple, but the acting was good
10,A movie that gives warm comfort to modern people who are tired of life, a great actor, great music was the best
6,Hidden Figure is better.Not very impressed
10,Another movie of my life came out
10,I was nervous at the end, but I was relieved that Tony kicked me out
9,It's a healing movie.
10,Make sure to watch the best movie of the year
10,It's such a good movie.
10,A movie that gave you a small laugh and a touching moment.
10,The best movie of my life that I can't help but write a rating.
7,It's been more than two hours, and I've been able to see it well, but this isn't much of a prize. Just a well-made movie.
10,It's been a while since I laughed and felt touched
9,Vigo Mortensen's Italian-American acting was superb. Italy's unique manly performance, with a disrespectful, hot-tempered, decadent atmosphere, was quite good.
7,There's been some controversy, but the score is generous... I don't even think about Southeast Asia. Are you being prejudiced or arrogant? Phew... liberal arts? L
10,It's a masterpiece.It made me think about a lot of things, and now I see white Americans like Japan, where the colorful, beautiful, and powerful America used to haunt our country. I hope this kind of history doesn't happen again anywhere else in Sesung
10,What's the point of over 10 million screen monopolies? Korean movies don't develop, but movies around the world develop like this.
10,It looks boring, but it's a movie with a good liver.
10,It's a movie that makes me think about life again. It was a movie that made me feel happy from the middle of the movie.
10,It's a fun and touching movie. Aragorn, the Lord of the Rings, is very old
10,I don't understand it from time to time, but it made me want to watch it again. I think it is the best movie I have seen recently.
10,The people who made it and the actors who played it are great movies.A movie that makes even the people who saw this movie cool
7,A good movie to reflect on prejudice
10,On a snowy night, listen to Nat King Cole's Smile and look out the window with Tony and Shirley for a drink of whiskey.
10,I watched it with my mom and it was so much fun.A decent movie ♡^^
10,A film that has a long lingering impression that touches the serious subject without difficulty or humorously.
7,A good work that shows the heavy subject of racism in the 1960s through the perfect combination of the two characters
10,What else is a movie? This is what a movie is like
10,I was pleased to see Tony as a family man. I have to pay attention to prejudice against other people of color that happens near where I live and reflect on myself
7,It was generally good, but there were some parts that were disappointing.
10,One more life movie added.Dignity prevail everything...
10,I really enjoyed watching a good movie
9,a film that looks back on racism without being over-minded
10,An Academy Award-winning story. A work that shows the greatness of the story itself
10,It was a movie that lingered even afterwards. I really enjoyed it.
8,There's no movie to watch these days. It's calm and witty. I enjoyed it
10,Unlike other big movies, "Green Book" doesn't capture the flow of emotions with just the trailer. Before watching the movie, I liked it because there were few people in the theater, but after watching it, I hope more people will come to see the movie.
10,A must-see movie! I enjoyed watching a movie that was fun and still lingered in my mind
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good movie
10,Just watch a movie that doesn't need words
10,a true-life film without words
10,It's more than friendship. Make sure you watch it
8,It's fun, fun, and touching
10,Humor and routines passing by on the road melt the ice
10,It's a movie that really needs to be shown longer... Let's stop showing exclusive films in Korea
10,The best movie of my life...It's a heart-breaking and heart-warming movie
10,The main character's actions and the process of the story were impressive. Healing!
10,It was fun because it was so uncomfortable to be reversed from the usual situation, and the unbalance of the two doubled the fun. And at the end, the two became real friends.
10,Real bromance...That's nice
10,It's so touching ㅠㅠ
10,I reflected on my prejudice that it would not be good even before I watched the movie. I really want to recommend this movie!
10,A movie that threw an audience into the middle of a racist America in the mid-1900s. However, the scene where Shirley had to play Chopin's song that she wanted to play in a black pub was so heartbreaking.
10,It was a movie that made me think about the prejudice that I would face for a moment.
10,Every powerful movie has pain, and the courage to face it proudly will move people and gradually change society.And a movie where I felt the energy that my family gives to one person
9,Thank you very much. Green Book
10,It's the best. I kept crying while watching it. I was really impressed.
8,At that time, the movie was a respectful one for his courage to break the mold of racism, which was like hitting a rock with eggs
10,It's been a while since I saw a touching movie
10,I watched a really good movie after a long time
10,Respect and love for human beings
10,a poignant and heartwarming film I recommend it
10,It's been a long time since I saw a fun and touching movie
10,Dolores was so soft-hearted when she hugged Dr. Shirley tightly and whispered, "Thank you for teaching my husband how to write a letter." This movie was a good energy for me.
10,I don't think it would match at all, but the friendship between black and white people who understood each other better than anyone else was beautiful.
8,The movie was touching because it was a true story, but also saddened by prejudice. It wasn't very impressive, but rather it was worth watching.
8,Racism of color. It was a movie that I thought about again.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. The two main characters are so good at acting that the immersion is no joke. I liked the flow of water that wasn't boring.
10,I think it's been a while since I saw a pleasant movie. It was so much fun ^^
8,It is a work that enlightened the old common sense human rights culture that I forgot and vaguely thought of. Change just doesn't come. Looking at this work, I think I should listen deeply to their voices these days when women's cries are getting stronger.
10,Only when you maintain your dignity do you win only when you keep your dignity. Violence does not win.
10,I was watching Aquaman and I solved it after watching the Green Book.
10,Acting, story, message production, fun, everything is perfect
10,I didn't think about it, but I felt like I was prejudiced It was good to learn a lot from this movie I hope the world is full of good people like the second cop
10,A good movie that lingers in my mind for the first time in a while.
10,It was so good! Make sure to watch it!
10,The moment 2019 was put on the list of movies that were filled with movies from the 90s
10,It's a messy world of reality, but humans still have humanism tears of emotion
10,a soul-purifying film A pretty way of warning about racism
10,Green book. Eleven stars
10,A movie that warms you.
1,If the movie is boring, it is a failed movie. Art? A true art film is the power to make the audience immerse even in difficult content. Basically, a movie that failed to immerse the audience no matter how good the content is is said to be a failed movie.
10,It was such a nice and warm movie~~ 이런 I don't really use things like this.I really recommend it. Tony, Shirley and Dolores all showed impressive performances.  It's very meaningful. It's a grateful movie!
10,There has never been a movie like this before. There really wasn't
10,If we knew that anyone could be strangers, we would be able to look at each other with warmer eyes.
10,I think the actors' acting is amazing
10,Make sure to watch it! A fresh and touching movie!
9,It was fun and touching. I laughed a lot with my friend in the scene where I threw the fried chicken out of the window
10,It's a movie that warms your heart and makes you sad
10,A movie that would have been disappointing if I didn't watch it.
10,The title is "Miss"! After I saw it, I said, "Ah!"I really recommend it! Big echo, big laugh!
9,Don't say anything. I just like movies like this
10,A well-made movie that combines touching and laughing
10,There aren't many theaters, so I remember watching it hard and being touched after watching the movie
10,Tony's family is very warm and kind. His wife is wise and he can feel spiritual satisfaction
10,It's such a good movie that the expression "life movie" is not enough. There is no forced emotion, no exaggerated acting or story, and it naturally empathizes with the audience and becomes one with the hearts of the main characters.
10,I watched it on TV, but why didn't I watch it at the movie theater?최고의 It was the best movie
10,I really like the content and laugh points in between. Personally, I hope the number of the best movie theaters I've seen recently will be increased. Personally, more than extreme jobs, I was more immersed in everything
10,It's the bestIt was the best movie I've seen this year
10,The best movie ever, based on a true story, is a touching movie to watch more!!
7,a guidebook to making black friends
9,It's calm, but the process of getting to know each other and getting to know each other is touching. The last scene where Shirley encouraged me was emotional.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a fun and touching movie
10,This year's movie. Cliché's comfort is a bonus
10,I looked back on whether I was prejudiced and lived with wrong words and actions. The material, acting, and video were great and fun. Top
10,A movie that gently stirs. A good movie that impresses the driving miss daisy from another perspective!!!
10,I didn't want to see the capma with my mom, so I happened to see it and it was so nice♡
10,It was a movie that made me shed hot and strong tears for the first time in a while.
10,Touching! Fun! It's all in place. You can even see the reality of America in the 1960s
9,In the snow, the police shouted, "Merry Christmas! "I almost cried.
10,I expected it, but it's a more detailed trick
10,There are many people who are afraid to reach out first even if they are lonely.
10,It's a really touching movie. I can look back on myself.Make sure to watch it. I strongly recommend itIt's a movie that lingers a lot
10,I really enjoyed it and it was touching
10,I can't help but smile when I can't help but smile.
10,I could feel how hard it must have been for a brilliant human being to discriminate and insult by prejudice in society. Congratulations on the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor
10,Not too much, not too much, but moderately well-made
10,Masterpiece. Acting, story, everything is good!
10,In the beginning, I thought Tony was a bully, but he's just like Jin Kook! The character is so lovely...! The movie was perfect. Daejeon cgv 15:55 I watched alone today but the couple dog next to me whispered throughout the disgusting movie then go to the dvd room or get mad
10,It's a movie full of really great lines that remain in my mind. It's the best movie certificate I've seen recently.
10,Cool UJUNG is the best!
10,Perfect for a killing time movie, the right story, the right atmosphere, everything was perfect.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen this year.
10,Best movie I've ever seen this year
10,Bigotenson movies are all so good. He has a good eye for choosing a movie choices
10,About the ambivalence of human beings full of hypocrisy
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie, but I paid a lot of money to watch it. It's a movie that made me feel moved and fun. It's a good movie, but there weren't many theaters, so I had a hard time finding it ㅠㅠ I don't understand why such movies lack time and theaters
10,It's a really good movie. I enjoyed it
10,The best... I enjoyed the most out of all the movies I watched recently
8,If movies dealing with discrimination have been in the form of asking people who discriminate against them, Green Book asks those who discriminate against them if they discriminate against someone. Like when the second police car was parked.
10,It's a movie that makes you smile and smile all the time. Personally, it was a lot more fun than extreme jobs.
10,훌륭해~!!!
10,I watched it without any expectations, but it's so touching
8,It was calm and fun
8,I thought again about discrimination and courage~~ A good movie
6,The obsession with "This is a good movie" and "This is bound to be great" seems to be embedded in our minds. It's a good killing time movie, and it's based on facts, but it seems to have been adapted a lot
10,It's a fun and well-made movie  I've come to think again about prejudice, and I want the whole nation to see the candle and the Korean flag wrap, and the right music and humor all over the place boosts the fun. It's a pity why this movie is shunned by the audience
10,It's the best movie ever from beginning to end
10,It's been good for two hours I'm impressed by Shirley's warm and natural smile in the second half^^
9,Serious Neyong entertained the audience with his excellent performances of the two main characters.
9,I thought this is what a movie is like without superfluousness is like.
10,Discrimination seems to be the same even if the objects of each era are different. Only understanding, compassion, and humanity can solve this problem.Painful and heartwarming movie. It's the best.
10,It was the best movie that lingered a lot.
10,I watched a very good movie.
10,A movie that has made a heartwarming and not stimulating commercial movie. I watched it late at night because there was no theater, but I think it was one of the best things I did this year.^^
9,It is a story about a black man who was treated more than an ordinary black man on the outside, but is not welcomed by any group, rather than a story about a black man who is persecuted, but a story that criticizes the United States, where racism was prevalent in the past. Marshall, who was afraid but courageous, eventually got precious friends.
10,Maybe because I'm a comedy film director, the black human rights movement of the 1960s, and the issue of racism, if it's really heavy, it's a heavy topic, but it's also an ability to solve it in such a fun way. It was so much fun. It would be much more interesting if you had an understanding of American history and culture.
10,It's a warm movie that leaves a long lingering impression!
10,It's a warm movie that leaves a long lingering impression!
10,A film that leaves a deep impression, and Dignity! ^^
10,It's a touching masterpiece. It's not a difficult art movie. It's a humanism movie that everyone should watch. Make sure to watch it!
10,I watched it without thinking. My favorite movie
8,Shirley's acting was impressive
10,A movie that depicts the 60s of America very well. A movie that contains sad things very pleasantly. A movie with calm emotions and laughter. A movie that is more touching based on a true story.
10,a heartwarming movie A film that leaves a lot of lingering emotions, and makes you look back on the attitude of life.
10,The work depicts the process of Don Shirley and Tony redefining their values and finding their identity. It is accusing the deep-rooted prejudice that remains in society with the issue of race as the main subject. The detail that properly combines lightness and heavyness stands out.
10,It's a great, great movie of life
10,A good movie... There's a reason why the rating is 9.9. Trust and watch it
10,I really enjoyed it. It is my life movie.
10,It's warm and fun. with a ringing
8,The supporting actor's acting was great and the last piano performance was goosebumps
10,It's a work that makes you think about history, music, and so on
10,What a great movie...It was touching
10,When Dr. Shirley, who wanted to secure his dignity by raising his chin, visited Tony's house in a modest manner, he shed tears alone at his courage, which he knew how to reach out.
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,It's been a while since I saw a moving movieI should let my friends know about this fun movie~~^^
10,It's the movie of my life. I want to see it again.
10,I lost track of time and watched it. I'm in love with Tony who really enjoys eating Kentucky Fried Chicken.Haha
10,It's a great movie that leaves a deep impression.
10,The movie is a movie, but I was shocked to find out that the main character was Vigo Mortensen
10,It's the best movie that touches the heart
10,I understand why you won the Academy Award for Best Picture
10,A very nice ending...I like it
8,It was a meaningful and warm movie to win the Academy Award for Best Picture.
10,It's been a long time since I saw an interesting movie.
7,a gentle and cute movie The music was good
4,A typical road movie, black people are pure and capable, married white men, straight people, gay people, white police violence, and great Democrats who save people from danger=> Remarks Mortensen, not much
10,It's great to see couples together! It's not boring. It's fun
10,It's a dark story, but it's fun to have a witty conversation
8,It was fun. Even if it's a bit cliche, it warms my heart
10,It was so much fun
10,Good. It's fun. It's a bit boring at first, but it'
10,I wanted to see a long movie before editing.
10,It's a movie that gives you a lingering impression and something to think about
10,Let's not do racism.
10,It's a movie that's really well made and fun
10,It was a movie that deserved the Academy Award for Best Picture
10,I really enjoyed watching it with my sixth-grade daughter. It was a touching and heartwarming movie, and I was slightly moved to tears at the last scene. I hope there will be many movies like this that warm your heart
10,A movie that seems light but gives a heavy impression without a single useless scene.
10,A good movie! It's touching
10,It's a movie that gives a gentle echo
10,I got to watch it because people recommended it. It was a really warm movie It makes me think more about relationships with people
10,It's by far the best movie I've seen in years!!!
10,A must-see movie... It's a shame that the number of theaters is too high.
7,A sound movie that may be boring at first but warm-hearted.
10,It was so touchingNot boring at all - a movie I'd recommend to people around me
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It's the best movie I've seen lately!
10,Look to the front, Tony!It's so touching. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that makes you feel good!
10,I hope there are many movies like this in theaters
10,Both of them were so nice to see.
10,This is how Aragon changed. I searched for the main actor after watching the movie, but I had no idea before I watched it. The movie was the most interesting movie I've seen recently.
8,Shallow pity, simple responsibility, deep friendship
10,It was such a good movie
10,The best movie I've seen lately!Thank you to the person who recommended it
8,In the end, a person can be happy when he or she is around.
9,I didn't expect much, but the stability of the movie...The acting of an actor who plays a white knight is also a prize winner
10,The thrilling movie makes us look back on ourselves
10,It's not fun! It's an interesting movie. It's a really good movie
10,This is a ten-point movie. Where did I see the main character? Where? Aragon?shivering
10,We have to go to KFC
10,Stupid hero is always number one. It's a movie tailored to an ignorant white American who is only elementary and middle school. 딱 I can see that there are all good movies except ranking 10.
10,My sisters came to see Seoul and laughed together and watched it well.  I recommend it as a family movie.
10,A movie that depicts race and class problems not too heavy but moderately pleasant and moderately warm. It leaves a big impression.
10,Tony... that's so cool.The plot of the film is flawless.Should I say it's like a clockwork
10,It's definitely the best movie of the year.
7,The story of two people who understand each other beyond the walls of racism. Instead of extreme characters, it is a very impressive work to solve a calm and persuasively sensitive problem by putting people of more realistic tendencies and positions to the front. Unexpectedly, humor is also quite pleasant.
10,It's the best! It's really well made It makes my heart warm
10,It's the best movie of 2019
10,Good~~~~---^^
10,There is a laughter code in between, and it is a movie that makes me think a lot. I didn't know it was real until it was over. It was the best movie I saw recently.
8,The Academy Award for Best Picture is a natural movie. You can just watch it without thinking. Then you can feel it.
10,길 위의 눈
10,The best movie of 2019
10,A movie that leaves a first review after watching a movie. The sad life of a genius black man was not heavy. Thanks to Tony ^^ When Shirley offered to be the road manager in front of the hotel door...Another charm of Aragon. Let's just watch it!
10,Touching. Touching. Touching
10,그것은 내 이야기다.
10,I'm glad I didn't exaggerate the big developments
10,I watched a movie that was very moving and made my heart ache
10,Even though it was based on a true story, it was a great movie that showed a long story and delivered a message to the heart.
8,A movie worth watching and fun. A movie that makes me feel good after watching it.
8,The story of two hot-tempered men traveling.
10,You made me laugh and cry, and you're really lifting me up and down.In fact, it creates another culture through unconscious preconceptions about us and leads to future generations, and we still can't say that racism has disappeared. It's a movie that makes me check myself by taking time to think seriously.
10,I was stupid to think it would be boring. None of the scenes are boring and all are good scenes.
10,A movie that made me think about discrimination, look back on myself, and finally gave me real healing.It is not an Academy Award winning film for no reason.I'm so lucky to see you in the theater <3
10,It was touching and fun. It was good
10,I first learned that the travel guidelines for black people are "green books," and I wanted to touch them because of conflicts caused by racism and prejudice, and the hurt they experienceI strongly recommend all movies that have good acting skills, music, and echoes^^
10,It's a movie that makes my heart flutter
10,I didn't expect much, but it's so much fun
10,I showed it to my parents and they said it felt like they read a fairy tale Hah!
10,Watch it. It's fun
10,I went to the theater without knowing that it was released on January 9th. ㅜㅜ It was not a waste of money
10,I want to memorize all the lines from EunyeonghwaIt is a masterpiece that deserves to win Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor at the Academy of Fine Film based on a warm, comfortable, and humorous true story
10,The great story based on the actual story and the actors' great acting were the best^^! Listening to music was better!
10,It was a movie that lingered a lot It was really good.
10,Academy Award for Best Picture
8,It was long, but I dozed off in the front and the rest was fun. It was a calm fun A movie that everyone can relate to
10,It was a movie that was very touching^^ I think it'd be so nice to watch it alone~
8,A well-made, well-made, witty movie that everyone will like. I wonder what it would be like if it was made a little less pretty, but I want to raise the hand of Jeom who kept the line exquisitely enough not to be unpleasant.
10,Fun, touching, drawing, music, everything was perfect
9,It's such a good movie. It's about racial discrimination with its unique wit and humor
9,Common cliché but not obvious racist buddy material.
10,It's the first comment of my life. It's a masterpiece, a movie that's so amazing that I don't know how it's been over two hours. It's calm and moving.Wit, you're the best.
10,I was really looking forward to it, but it's more touching than I expected It lingers a lot I hope you watch it
8,It was nice because it was calm Recommend.
8,Although it is a typical road movie and the later story is a predictable cliche, it is accompanied by a non-boring and heart-warming echo throughout the journey of the two. What's unfortunate is that it's based on a true story and feels like a fantasy just like Bohemian Rhapsody.
10,Best movie I've seen this year!
10,When it comes to being friends, no race, no conditions, becomes powerless.It's fun and touching to see what's frozen between your heart and your heart melt every time after time.There are no strings attached to staying next to. It shouldn't be here. *
10,I just don't understand why this "work" is number seven
8,The calm taste was good, but I didn't expect to win the award. The academy loves black cotu
10,It was a heartwarming movie after a long time. Thank you for the movie, "The Well-Being Meal".
10,It was a really healing and good movie
10,Pleasant touch throughout the best movie
10,I'm sorry that I only have 10 points to do for this moving and lingering movie.
10,I cried afterwards There's no need for words The Best Movie ㅠㅠ
9,Warm and witty movie ㅠㅠ!
10,The actors' great acting and directing, and even laughing in between. It was so funny and impressive. I recommend watching it if you haven't seen it yet.
10,Aside from the controversy, when you watch a movie, it's like a food that's well-made so that you can digest various ingredients without burden
10,It's very touching. Very heart-warming
9,Real values and happiness that can be felt only when you throw away prejudice
10,The movie that made me happy throughout the whole time
10,I just watched the movie without thinking about it.But just watching this movie was touching and it seemed to give me a message. I don't understand everything, but...Personally, it's a touching movie that I can understand both the white and black characters
10,I watched it before the premiere, but it's a movie that deserves an award
10,This is a movie.
8,The audience exchanged good times with the movie, just as they exchanged warm romance and trustworthy toughness
10,It seems like we traveled together for a long time.The changes between the two characters are heartwarming^^
10,Best movie for me. A movie to watch again for the rest of my life.
10,I really enjoyed it.The black protagonist was so cool and sad on the other hand.There really shouldn't be racismㅠ
10,It's a shame there aren't enough theaters. A good movie to think about what kind of person I was
10,His smile after the piano performance was so sad.
10,It lingers a lot It wasn't spicy. It was really good
9,It's a good movie to watch with a friend. It allows me to think about relationships
10,The actor's voice as Shirley was very serious and intelligent. The chemistry between Tony and the actor was good, and I watched a good movie after a long time
10,I really enjoyed watching it! I hope there will be many movies like this.
10,It's touching and fun in the middle of the movie! The last scene was so good! A movie you want to watch one more time
10,a must-see movie for racists
10,Make sure to watch it... But is the theater for real?
9,It was fun. The story of two people protecting themselves in different ways
10,It's a movie that gave fun and meaning to the audience
8,It's a good movie that lingers for the first time in a long time. It takes courage to move a person's mind.
8,While watching the movie, I thought a lot about racism, but above all, I feel warm about the bromance of the two men Sounds perfect.
10,It was so good that I watched it twice^^
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a healing movie
10,Make sure to watch the best movie twice
8,It was a movie that touched my heart for the first time in a while. Unlike movies that are forgotten when you turn to simple entertainment, it is a movie that remains in your heart even with old storage. Also, the music delivered in the movie was a bonus.
10,Get a beautiful piano performance with a touching smile
10,Heartwarming movie ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it
10,There are many beautiful scenes that break prejudice
10,What's so touching about this movie will overcome loneliness for those who are trapped in fear and who can't approach first
10,Best comment: Don't be surprised...He's Aragon.L
10,I recommend it if you like movies like "Untouchable"!
10,The words that cry and shout in the rain, that you have to be brave to move people's hearts, I think it's going to stay in my heart for a whileThere's something about music, acting, and making the mood emotional
10,It's a movie based on a true story, so it's more touching. I hope there will be a world where there is no discrimination.When I traveled to Africa three years ago, there was still discrimination against black people
10,It's very touching~~^^
10,It was a movie that made me look into my heart for the first time in a while.It made me realize my existence and the value of my family
10,It's a great movie that warms your heart and makes you hungry
10,Very very very very very good
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie so that I wasn't bored
10,The movie of my life! The song and the actors are all fantasies!
10,I didn't expect much, but now that I've seen all of them, I miss them again I strongly recommend it!
7,It's a true story-based film adapted so that it's not too instructive, too sad, or funny. I think it captures the recent view of respect for diversity in the United States. If you don't expect too much, you'll be satisfied.
10,A movie that made me reflect on myself for looking at the world with prejudice. It feels like I added sweetness to the friendship of the 1% Untouchable. Thank you.
10,Tony Lip and Don Shirley's friendship was good, but when I see Dolores and his brother Johnny, I think of the phrase, "If you want to judge him, look at the person next to him." Dolores, thank you for helping me write to Johnny
10,I got a recommendation from the person who watched it first, and I called my friends to watch it together. I hope we can make a lot of warm movies like this Don't just make violent things.
10,You have all the conditions that a good movie should have. I recommend it.
10,The obvious, but the way you solve it is not obvious at all, when you're done with the movie, you have a gentle smile on your mouth, like a black man, like a black man
10,It was fun and sad, and I couldn't take my eyes off it for a moment.
10,Each line and scene is full of wit. It's a movie that warms your heart as if you ate rice soup
8,A delightful movie. I'm glad I saw it late
10,I watched it because you recommended it, and I was happy all the time.I watched a movie that left a lingering impression after a long time.It was a shame that there was not much choice between the theater and the running time. Why are good movies so small?
10,Invisible sincerity in ideas, courage required to show that sincerity
10,Make sure to watch it. It's been a long time since I saw a movieAs a movie fan who loves movies, I really want to make Korean movies properly.I've been thinking of a good movie for years.Thanks to this movie, I filled that emptiness^^
10,My favorite movie. I'll keep it for the rest of my life.
10,The movie got a high rating and the composition and scenario were really goodBest new movie ever
9,On a gloomy day...It was a movie that gave me healing
9,Masterpiece and all that
10,Touching. Great acting. The surprise of the final real person introduction.
10,It's been a while since I've seen this trick. It's a lot of talk, but... It was impeccable I really enjoyed watching it and I hope this movie will be widely known
8,It's calm and fun. Actors, good acting
10,Remark: Montenson's acting is really...I don't know how many times I cried. A person's life can be so different that he or she can't even remember the past, whatever it depends on who he or she meets. I hoped it would take a long time to go to the movie theater.The best movie ever!
10,I really enjoyed itThe content of the movie is great and it will be fun to watch again and again.It's a movie that gets a lot of touching and fun
10,The running time of 2 hours and 10 minutes was a bit burdensome. Time flies so fast. I enjoyed it. The music is good. The actors' acting, and the directing is great
10,It was the most interesting movie I watched recently Tsunami of touching moments
10,It's really the best. Funny, angry, sad, touching, and acting is the best. x10000
10,Make sure you see what manners are. The role of children, marital relationships, the role of the head of the household, and racism in the extended family. But I think it was expressed well naturally
10,It's interesting. I learned a lesson
8,The music is good, the story is good, and the actor is good. Applause to the brave who fight against prejudice!
10,A movie that prejudiced people should watch and reflect on
10,The character is so great
10,Being different doesn't mean being different.
10,A dreary, delightful, unobvious story, a treat to the ears.
10,It's fun! It's a little bit because there aren't many theaters ㅠㅠ
10,I was able to understand the times well while watching this movie. It was helpful! a movie recommendable to anyone
8,I'm touched. I want to recommend this movie
8,The friendship between the two who face discrimination and prejudice is touching. It's a movie that's both comical and sad, and it makes you clap. I respect the acting skills of the two actors
7,It's just a movie about a black, white hero. It's just that kind of a movie
10,I strongly recommend a must-see movie!
8,It's nice to see you again 213311321
10,Even if I want to recommend a movie, there's no theater --
10,A good movie to think about in any situation beyond the times and backgrounds. I look back on my prejudices. Why am I embarrassed in the scene where I prepared fried chicken and corn?
9,I was forced to watch it and it was so heart-warming
10,I got goosebumps when I started playing at the bar.
10,Make sure to watch it. It was a satisfying movie
10,It's so much fun ㅠㅠ hhh
10,It was great. In the '60s, there was a lot of racism.The piano performance was good, and it was a good movie.
10,Honestly, it's more fun than Captain Marvel
10,It's like a movie where calm emotions and cheerful energy are melted at the same time
10,It's a really good movie. It was hard to watch because the number of theaters was small. I think I saw it well.
10,A warm road buddy movie. The two leading actors are also good at acting
9,It was a movie that led to all the emotions from the beginning to the end, and I think it can be selected as the most interesting movie I watched this year, and it was a good movie to watch again. There's a long lingering impression.
8,Predicted ending... A cliche plot... I'm touched as always.
10,This is the piano art of the last part.
10,There was no theater, so I watched it late at nightWhy do we do such a fun movie only once a day?
10,I was attracted to the preview and it was so much fun
10,It's a good movieI enjoyed it
10,Maybe we want to live together in the last scene...
10,Make sure to watch it. Twice Look at it three times
10,I love it ♡ This is a movie. I'm rooting for the main characters
3,It was quite interesting until the beginning and the middle, so I decided to give 7 points, but it was over an hour and a half, so I turned it off halfway. After an hour and a half, they turn it off except in special cases. And if you give it well, it's 3 points. It would be nice to enact a law that makes movies within an hour and a half.
9,I enjoyed it. Thanks to you, I found another masterpiece
9,A movie that calmly reproduces the themes of race, friendship, art, prejudice, love, self-esteem, communication, and growth!
10,A movie you must watch. The movie's content, flow, video, and acting are all the best
10,After Hidden Figures, the psychological portrayal and acting skills of Bigo Maltenson and Mahershala Ali were the best, and it was a good movie to see heavy themes like racism as soft as Hidden Figures
10,A loud cry broke out in a scene that was not sad at all. It's like a good movie to me that gives me a loud sound and impression that I can't handle casually. I really want to see it again and again. I hope the emotion that I can feel even when I see it again is always the same as today
10,Ah, I miss you again.Warm
10,It was so good.ㅜㅜ
10,The friendship between the two men fighting prejudice is cool
10,It's fun and touching. Hah!
10,If there were more theaters, more people would have seen a good movie
10,I watched it with my parents. It was a good movie I cried ㅠㅠ
9,The movie that didn't have enough theaters... You're so mean.
8,It's a good movie! It's good. 10 letters except for spaces
10,It's like a movie.If you haven't seen it, please watch it
8,I can't believe it's Dumb and Dumber 2. What happened in four years?
10,There weren't many theaters that were opening, so I had a hard time visiting them, but the way out was lightPrejudice against people of color is just prejudice
10,It is the most impressive movie I have seen recently.
10,A heart-warming movie... I thought it was just a music movie, but it was more than that.
8,I thought it would be a heavy movie, so I went to watch it because I was scared, but I was surprised that it was lighter than I thought and it was fun. I liked the proper nanny and seriousness
9,When Bigomotenson comes out, 50% of the food goes in, so it's good for now, and the movie was really fun.  The movie should be fun when the message is gone.I heard it's 130 minutes of running time, but I feel like I watched it for about 40 minutes. Why does time go so fast.  I strongly recommend it!
10,I thought it would be heavy and boring, but it wasn't at all. It was fun and touching, but it left deep thoughts and lingering emotions...
10,An authentic Hollywood-style film that imagines the following
9,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it
10,Wow, I thought you were reading a children's book just by looking at the title, but you are so funny! It would have been better if we increased the number of screenings.
10,The movie I want to give six stars. Beyond the subject of race and friendship, the sophistication of talking about dignity and courage with wit and warmth is amazing. Of course, we can't leave out the role of music.
10,It was a movie that I went to watch because it was recommended. It was really good! It's about racism, but it felt like I was talking calmly and understated! Tears well up in the touching part.It was flowing! Also, the owner of the house told me that he had prepared chicken, and when he was going to the bathroom,
10,One of the best tricks of 2019. a very good film
10,It captured all the fun and excitement. A movie like a Christmas present.
9,A movie with good messages and pleasantness with laughter and tears
7,Typical white savior narrative.
6,The content was a little monotonous, but it felt like I was reading a book. I started working for the means of life, and I made friends in my work.It was a great movie to be a soulmate to fill each other's needs
10,Dr. Shirley's sad eyes are still lingering
10,Visual beauty, music, acting, everything is perfect
10,The Age of Discrimination... It's the same now. Personal change can change the whole story.
9,It's a masterpiece where you can feel both fun and touching.The reason for 9 points is that the running time felt short.It was so much fun.
10,What a great movie! It's fun and touching
10,It is a good movie to watch with my family
10,I didn't know it was Vigo Mortensen. Acting for Best Actor
10,Let's change our prejudices and not judge by what we see
10,I didn't expect much, but I got stabbed
10,A movie that lingers a lot, a movie that makes you think.
10,헛소리 예술가 토니
10,I watched a good movie after a long timeIt's a heart-warming story
10,It was fun!
10,그레이트 토니
10,It was more impressive than I expected
10,I think it's a must-see movie.
10,I remember Tony throwing away the cup in the trash because it was used by black people at the beginning of the movie, angry at the remarks of a black man at a Christmas party, watching Shirley working on a farm in the middle, and Shirley's cry in the rain.
10,360,000 viewers? That's serious. The number of viewers...
9,I don't like dramas and movies. It's a calm movie that makes you keep watching. It is a movie that is not difficult because it is organized to sympathize well with the psychology of the actors in the play.
9,It's touching. I was worried that you two might fight
10,A heartbreaking Merry Christmas.
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot afterwards
10,It's a good and comfortable movie
10,Dr. Shirley won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, but Tony's performance was more impressive. Tony is the Aragon of the Lord of the Rings. What a transformation
10,It's the best movie
7,It's a deep story that's calm. a heart-rending story
10,The best movie. I thought it would be boring, but I really enjoyed it
10,I'm so touched Make sure to watch it. It's a good movie
10,We are all different. All are deficient and deficient. That's why it can be harmonious This movie. It's touching and crude, but it's.
10,a classic Hollywood buddy movie I missed this kind of movie so much.
9,A road trip between a man who had a prejudice against black people and a man who couldn't belong between white people and black people. It is excellent in solving a heavy and realistic topic that you don't want to face. Great music is one of the means.
10,Debussy's Arabesque serenity was noticeable in the hotel lobby table scene
10,Calm production. Luxurious touch. I want to eat chicken with cigarettes
10,The music is beautiful. The theme of the background is
10,It's a movie that resonates deeply. Even after it was over, I sat there with tears in my eyes for a long time. Even though I had high expectations because I watched it late, every scene was not too much or too much. Acting. Directing. Everything melts in one go. It was impressive.
6,a harmonious Christmas
10,Even if you had high expectations, it's more than you expected
10,Not too heavy. A movie with a special talent to tell a heavy story. Above all, a movie that makes me crave KFC.
8,130 minutes isn't boring.
10,You have to give 10 points to a movie like this!
9,In modern American history, it seems to be a movie that made it easy for the audience to approach the heavy theme of black racism. I watched it first, and all my family watched it.
10,I remembered "Perfect World"   I think cars were similar
10,A movie that I learned a lot! It's good to watch it with your lover
8,A film that clearly showed the spectrum of Vigo Mortensen's acting. He seems to have bravely overcome the burden and responsibility of playing Italian. A movie that captures both fun and message
10,No matter what you say, there's nothing you can do with an Academy Award-winning movie. You deserve a prize for your work.
10,I could watch it with a big smilea heart-warming and heart-warming movie
10,A movie that made me think a lot
10,It's fun and touching
10,I saw it today. If you have a chance, please watch it.
10,Thank you for seeing the perfect movie, including story, touching, and OST in a long time - I'm sorry for the theater, but I hope more people watch it before we get off!
10,I don't know how two hours went by. I'm so glad I saw you. Make sure to watch it!
10,A masterpiece that I can recommend to everyone!
10,It's the best when it comes to movies!
10,I watched Green Book and Captain Marvel one after another today. I saw Green Book for 7,000 won and Captain Marvel for 18.000 won, but I think the value of the movie is the opposite.It's a shame that it's not easy to even get a chance to watch a movie in a theater because the number of screens has decreased. It was a work that made me feel a lot of things.
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie and thought, 'This is a masterpiece!' The movie is also a movie, but it was good to see Vigo Mortensen in the theater again.
10,A movie that I strongly recommend. 130 minutes in an instant
9,It's a warm movie!
8,It's a moving movie. Recommendations
10,Heartbroken, warm, happy - I hope everyone sees it. This movie is the bromance of two extreme jobs that you really need to see.
10,The last scene is impressive. I enjoyed it so much. 360,000 won for this kind of movie
10,In fact, I booked a ticket during my free time and went to watch it with a light heart, but it became a movie that lingered more than I expected. The movie is very awe-inspiring to those who have endured those times
10,Warm movie. I want to recommend it to people around me*
10,I watched a movie that lingers in my mind for the first time in a while.
10,Recommendation! It's calm and nice
10,This is a movie, this is life, and this is an actor
10,It is a good movie to discount stars by covering up behind-the-scenes stories, facts, and unthinking intentions. The actors' acting alone is enough to pay attention to.
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece - there should be a lot of movies like this in Korea!!
10,Music, directing, and breaking America's prejudice against beautiful scenery
10,I want to give more than 10 out of 10 The best movie
10,It was a movie that made me realize my gratitude and brought shame.
10,It was so much fun and nice
10,It was so much fun!
10,It's a good movie that's calm and gives you a lesson
10,I went to KFC with my father who said he'd never eaten hamburgers before Hah!
10,a heartwarming movie I really recommend watching it with your children.
10,I enjoyed the movie about the friendship between the two men
10,It lingers for a long time
8,The warm message that Shirley and Tony exchange life advice to each other The music is good, too^^
9,Even though I thought it was time to get fed up with the issue of racism, the stability and small fun I felt throughout the movie was really impressive.
6,It was a movie that I didn't expect but it was better than I thought
10,It was a fun and warm movie!Make sure to watch it!
10,The movie was also introduced in Japan's Asiji.It lingers in my mind and I love the sound.If you like piano, make sure to watch it
10,A movie you want to show your child
10,A masterpiece that somehow warms my heart
10,Just watch it. Awesome! But I'm angry that it's hard to find a theater
10,It was a touching movie.Hah!
10,It's fun, messages, and warmth. It was good.
10,It was so touching and fun
10,I feel like I watched a really good movie after a long time
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie like this I'm so touched
10,I ate healthy food and it tasted good. It felt like that.
10,Better than any other movie.A heartbreaking movie, I hope you watch it.
10,I'm so touched. It was a happy movie
10,I watched it on the plane without thinking, and I didn't know it would be my life movie
8,After watching a good movie, there is a calm wave. It's a good movie
10,I think our people will take a step forward when we face up to history and take courage
8,A shining presence among movies mixed with CG and violence.However, there are many movies that give this much touching and lingering impression, so it's better to watch it calmly instead of expecting much from the ratings of children who are busy making a fuss. Since it is not a documentary, it is different from the real thing, so somehow incompetent behavior is prohibited.
10,It's my first time writing a comment.It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. Recommend.
10,I don't usually leave a rating. Make sure you watch it.
10,Personally, it was great to see Shirley helping Tony write a letter Haha
10,The story and acting are the best
10,The best movie ever, good
10,A movie that makes me think a lot.
10,It is a movie that made me realize about prejudice and discrimination once again. We're becoming like each other. Until the end, it was heartwarming... Touching... Meaning of jade...
10,The best movie ever! Make sure you watch it
10,Pleasant yet touching
10,The best movie of my life. The movie that caught both of them
10,I didn't expect much, but I lost track of time It's gonna be one of the best movies I've ever seen
10,Dignity! The word that grace wins in any situation is memorable I don't think I'll be able to see Korean gangster movies that only change the seasoning.
9,I watched a movie that was fun and touching after a long time. I strongly recommend it!
10,The last time I saw Dolores hugging Shirley, there was a smile on my mouth.
10,It was really good. It's a movie full of lingering emotions
10,One of the best movies in life!
10,a cost-effective film A movie with good music and a humorous story
10,a film that leaves much to be desired
10,It's a really good movie.
10,I think it's really the director's discretion to make boring material this fun and touching.
10,Let's not take things that aren't taken for granted
10,It was just a movie.It reminds me of the meaning of life!
8,Prejudice, preconceived notions that come down unnecessarily, I feel again that I'm a criminal who can't take courageous criminal
10,I was impressed. The process of understanding and changing each other remains impressive.
10,It's a movie that gives you a lot of excitement and thoughts with small fun and calm and simple development.
10,Best movie I've seen in recent years. So happy, so touching
10,It's the best movie of my life.How did you leave such a lingering impression?Wow...
8,A Steinway commercial worth paying to watch
9,a heartwarming movie
8,Green book is really interesting.
10,The true story is very impressive. It was a great story.
10,It's a sad reality that the number of movies that are released is so small that I get angry and sad···
10,Good. It was very goodWell-made movie. Humanity is alive.I hope you watch it. The actors' acting is outstanding
10,He solved racism well, not too heavy. I think it was more touching because it was a true story. Unexpectedly, there were many pleasant scenes and I could enjoy watching it...
10,I'm so happy to watch a movie that makes me smile^^
10,Everyone, make sure to watch it!crying
10,I recommend the best movie
9,A movie about fun and touching friendship and family love
10,The best movie for me since the 2017 animation "Your Name". You have to watch it no matter what.
10,It was a good time without saying nothing
10,It's so fun! I watched it twice
10,A movie that reflects the sad reality too well
10,It's a movie that reminds me of racism
10,It's touching. Calmly
10,It was good to have a lot of messages that would be important in life. It was a shame that there were not as many scenes of piano performance as I expected.
10,You're so funny. You're Arthur
8,I know why they call it Green Book. I think it's real to be able to welcome without partiality
9,I like the calmness^^ I see why the reviews are good
10,It has many stories and things to think about, but it is never boring or heavy, and it is a pleasant movie!
10,It was so much fun. I didn't know the time was passing and watched it. Make sure to watch it  Don't worry
10,A movie that won't be short of a two-time Academy Awards
10,This movie is interesting. I think I will feel very good when I see you on Christmas. If couples see each other on Christmas, they'll get pregnant better
10,It was good
10,Best movie ever! Make sure you watch it!
9,It was cool that E-Mart song came out
10,Wow, that's a great movie. a decent film
10,I went there for my favorite Bigo Mortensen performance, and I was moved and warmed by the chemistry and story with the House of Card lobbyist
10,Mature perception creates a mature nation.Nothing is done in an instant.I strongly recommend this movie!
10,A movie that allows you to reflect on discrimination and prejudice again.
10,It feels like I watched a movie after a long time
10,It's not over yet. We should make a movie like this.
10,Heart-warming movies, songs, story, and acting were all good
10,Oh, good. Really ♡ If you don't need words, you have to watch it
10,When Shirley's face was zoomed in and he let out his emotions, he choked up together
10,I'm so touched
10,I found the best movie ever.
10,It was a time when I needed a break. A movie that gave me a good laugh and lingering feeling
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It was touching and fun The whole family enjoyed it
10,I watched it twice! I hope that you release a lot of movies like this and make them
10,The movie is so good. I didn't want it to end
1,I have been living in La for 7 years.   I don't remember when Negroes picked cotton and discriminated against Asians.   All good niggaes are dead niggaes.    Even in LA, the crime rate of Negroes is much higher than that of other ethnic groups.
10,Even if the credit goes up, there's a sense of happiness!
10,Despite the long running time, I had a lot of fun
10,I want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,He solved the problem of human skin color and dignity deliciously.
10,Is playing the piano photoshopped? Are you really hitting it?I thought it was Wesley Snipes.I don't know why it got controversial after getting the award.100 times more interesting than Rome
9,The movie is fun.  The white driver drives with a black boss. There seemed to be a lot of meaning in the scene where only black people worked hard in the field.
10,You must watch this movie! It's a really good movie that's over 140 characters in words. When Blu-ray comes out, I'm going to buy it and keep it
10,It's a movie that touches you and makes you laugh
9,My heart is getting warm. Haha
10,It's a movie that makes your eyes, ears, and heart feel good. I want to watch it again right now as I leave the movie theater It's the first movie I felt.I hope you watch it.
8,Fifty years later, the fact that the roots have not been pulled out still means that ignorant parents have passed on the prejudice to their descendants. How long will it last? I'm ashamed of myself.
10,It's such a "dignified" movie that we, who think that something else is wrong, are rather "wrong."Nothing else is wrong. In 2019, I met another movie of my life.
10,There is no need for words. the real thing.
10,"Look ahead when you drive, Tony." I think our prejudice is more...
10,I recommend it. It was only 65 years ago, the colored Jong-hyeokho.  ㅜㅜ
9,The authenticity of two 'different' people getting to know each other.  Hate begins with ignorance, love begins with understanding, and change begins with courage.
10,I watched the next Green Book after watching Avatar, but I didn't think we were the same actors. The actors' acting, the story of the movie, and the music. I didn't have to be moved. It's been a while since I watched a fun movie. I hope other people watch it too!
10,The insistence of jewels cannot be broken, but prejudice can be broken by understanding each other. I'm touched
10,조용한 시간은 어때?
10,A movie that I want to watch with a child who will be born later
10,A movie that makes me think a lot. I was also saying no, but it was a movie that made me realize that I was prejudiced and reflect on myself
10,A heartwarming movie that made me smile around my mouth when I found myself staring at the screen for a long time even after the movie was over~~♡
10,The movie is the best that makes you laugh and think while talking about discrimination that is uncomfortable and difficult to deal with
7,I was really looking forward to it before I saw it, but after I saw it, I wasn't that touched. But I was able to see that humanity is the only way to overcome discrimination.
10,Funny, touching, cool, warm, jewel-like movie
10,I really liked it.I liked the poster, so I happened to watch it, but it wasn't light or heavy, but it showed the theme and materials properly, so I thought I met a good movie after a long time. Thank you for making it into a movie. :)
10,Good foreign films are not properly promoted, and there are fewer theaters. It has deprived Koreans of their right to choose and watch good movies. Maybe it's discrimination against foreign movies through screen monopoly in the Korean movie industry.
10,His acting to suppress his sadness was the best.
9,Aragon's slick pear-horned pure macho. Shirley's a vector to Alita. It's so much fun just watching the main characters. Of course, the movie is good, too
7,Let's go eat KFC.
10,Now that I see it, I want to live as a good person. It makes me feel calm and stiff about how scary and stupid prejudice is.
10,The best movie of my life is beyond the Academy.  It's giving an Academy Award to a movie like this. Please show me a lot of movies like this. Especially Uijeongbu Shinsegae CGV. Thank you CGV. I finally have an eye for art
10,A good movie for the first time in a while. I strongly recommend it
10,I was deeply moved by the film as it was free from racial stereotypes.
9,I don't intentionally wrap it beautifully and sadlyGenius alone is not enough, but courage is needed to change the world
10,It's an opportunity to know the pain of the powerless
10,It's a reminder of how much prejudice we live in
8,It makes me think about many things after watching it, but it makes me feel good
10,I highly recommend it. It's a movie that makes you think how foolish prejudice isIt makes us look around us.It can be discriminated against, discriminated against, or unjustified by something other than skin color.I hope to see a lot of movies like thisI'd like to thank all the people who made good movies
10,It's so nice.I hope Korean filmmakers and directors will see Lee Youngho
10,I really enjoyed watching the movie. I strongly recommend it.
10,It feels like I'm seeing America's hidden face
10,I saw a comment that said, "Make sure to watch it." Awesome. That was a really grateful comment. Strongly recommend.
10,I watched it with my dad, so it came to me as the best movie.
10,It's a movie that I watch without saying a word.
10,This is a movie... It was so good.
9,A warm movie that makes you feel a lot... I strongly recommend it!
10,It is a movie that makes you feel that there is still a prejudice and the word race made by imperialism.It is touching to see him confront the loneliness and discrimination of those who do not belong anywhere with dignity and courage
10,Elegant moving story shining in ugly times
10,Oh, I bought a ticket on the weekend and forgot to watch the movie, but I have to save points so I use it. Oh, I missed the movie, but I can't watch it. So annoying
9,The timing of experience and directness is excellent. Academy's choice is outstanding!
10,The composition is solid. I want to recommend this movie to everyone.
8,It's a movie that I could watch comfortably without being violent or provocative  It's not a special incident, it's more of a daily story
10,It's a good movie. It's worth taking off the top
8,The content and composition are good, but towards the end, it's a bit distracting
10,In my heart, Mortensen won the Academy Award for Best Actor The character description is amazing ㅠㅠ
9,His words and actions were beautiful beyond racial prejudice. Practice...It's a continuation of life's practice. It was nice to see a good movie after a long time.
10,It's really good. From music to hot friendship... It doesn't have to be crude, it has a natural finish, and there's a strong aftertaste.
8,It's a good movie, but I was also sleepy in the middle. I think it's because there's no tension in the middle. But it is a warm movie.
10,An adult fairy tale movie that gives a calm but strong message.I'm touched because it's a true story, and the chemistry between the two men was unrivaled.The music was so good.A movie that deserves an award. ^^
10,It's been a while since I saw a beautiful movie
10,In any era, there are people who have sacrificed and tried for more people than for their own safety, so I think the time we live now has been created.
10,It's a natural, humane movie without overaction acting like a Korean movie. highly recommended
8,Even if you seem to be stubborn and stuffy, you don't die because you live according to your beliefs without paying attention to your surroundings, and you're not that happy. The movie shows that living like yourself is the answer
10,Vigo Mortensen Mahershala's performance is of the Gods.
10,It's unique and deep. It's fun. Wow.
10,It's a perfect Academy Grand Prix. I really like this kind of movie.
10,It still lingers after watching it. It's a real life movie.
8,A movie about a warm friendship in an irrational age when black racism was severe
10,It's the first time I've shouted "No, don't end it!" at the end of the movie I wanted to keep my warm heartcrying
8,Great movie, Ali so handsome
10,Now I know that Vigo Mortensen is such a great actor.Great movie, great acting!
9,The joy and message that a movie can give is overflowing
5,It's not boring, but I don't think it's a movie that will win the best picture. Shouldn't we approach the story of racism in a different way now? It's getting cliche.
10,I was surprised once that this movie only saw 350,000 people and twice that Balleronga was the Lord of the Rings Aragon
10,It's the best... funny movie in between, and it makes me look back on myself.
8,It's a good movie where I felt something warm about their friendship.
9,Calmly touching? Homework that's left after that. It's a good movie^^
10,Chopin's "Winter Wind" was much more humane than the mechanical jazz performance.
10,A touching move that you haven't seen in a recent domestic movie!
9,a heartwarming movie
10,Laughter, life, prejudice, courageous movie!
10,I was surprised to see Vigo Mortensen as Tony. He was a character contrary to his father's role in The Road, and his body was very different. The role of Dr. Shirley, who melted the anger, sadness and sadness of racism behind the image given by the Green Book, was also wonderful.
10,A cheerful and heartwarming movie until the end. I'm glad I saw it.Hah!
8,Where's Aragon?
10,It's too bad there aren't many theaters.It's worth watching the movie "Green Book Movie" that deserves the Academy Award for Best Picture~H
10,The best movie of 2019
10,A "black" white man meets a "white" black man
10,It was a movie that gave me a movie message like a movie after a long time and it was a heartwarming movie.My favorite movie. Pick!
10,Critics are sick.   god
9,a film that shows how foolish a man is who is prejudiced and unchangeable
10,It was so good Wonderful scenery and touching story!
9,It's a masterpiece. A must-see movie
8,I enjoyed watching it. The acting of both actors is also good.
10,Well, courage and passion are cool
10,A masterpiece that I haven't seen in a while! The chemistry of the actors is perfect
10,Isn't this a movie? Korean directors, reflect on yourself
10,Praise the two actors for their performance. A movie that makes my heart warm and happy. I strongly recommend it!
9,It's a movie that I enjoyed so much that I didn't know how fast time went by. ^^
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,It's a story of warm people who turn the prejudice of the first snow into time. Even if it was a mixed movie, I'm happy
10,A real movie with a touching message!
10,I love the calm friendship between you two.I hope there will be many movies like this.
10,A movie that is humorous all the time but hits the back of the audience, a movie that expresses the message that discrimination against people by color is unjustified and uncivilized, not obvious, but too sophisticated without the elements of the cult
10,I want to watch a movie with everything
10,I didn't have much time at the theater, so I had to take a day off  It's so much fun. The two of you are so Jagangducheon
10,It's been a long time since the movie ended. It's a movie that lingers in a good mood It makes me smile
10,Why can't Chungmuro make a movie like this?
10,It's good. A strong afterglow is coming.I was thrilled at the last true story.
10,Extreme jobs 16 million!
10,It was a happy movie for two hours after a long time
10,The exchange and friendship between the two that gave the right direction to those who didn't know how
1,Not at all fun. Not at all fun at all.
10,It's a great movie. When Dr. Shirley looked at black people working in the field, I really sympathized with what this movie wanted to say. It's a movie to watch again and again. It was really good.
10,There are many movies like this
10,The story is about a genius pianist who drives a black car, who hates money and his family, and who can't join any group of black, white, or men in order to join the white crowd of white people.
10,Heart-warming. ♡ Make sure to watch it~~ I strongly recommend it
9,It's more touching because it's a true story.  Bigomotenson's performance was superb
10,A great movie... Touching...I'm going to watch it twice
10,Thank you for making a good movie
10,It's a journey to break prejudices
10,The imbalance that I thought was a harmony of imbalances is also a prejudice. A movie that made me feel deeply about how much prejudice I have in everything. It felt like I was traveling to the southern part of the U.S. while watching a movie. I strongly recommend it.
10,I really like it. It's so healing
10,a very well-made film Rather than an expression that praises the make, it stimulates both reason and emotion at the same time.
10,Italy is famous for its racial discrimination. Is that your conscience?I can't think of a frog tadpole. I enjoy watching movies
10,Good...^^Lovely movie
10,It was the best movie that I watched recently.It reminds me of the friendship of Untouchable 1 Pro.Bigomotenson changed dramatically, but his acting was so good and he smoked too much lol It's pleasant and touching to the end without burdening him. It's better than a Korean movie that tries to force him to move.But is Mahershala Ali really playing the piano?Too good.
10,If it's rerun, I want to watch it again at the theater Merry Christmas all
10,I can't believe such a good movie has such a small number of course!
10,It is a pity that the number of visitors is small because there is not much promotion for the movie. an impressive film rare in recent years
10,It touches my heart a lot. My favorite movie
10,It's the best Youngho in my life. I've seen a lot of Marvel DC commercial movies, male-grade movies, fun, action movies, romantic comedies, etc., but it's one of the best.
10,One of the few movies where the ending credits go up and you sit down and think for a while
10,I watched a movie that made me smile after a long time.
10,They are all the same people and the rights they deserve, but in those days, discrimination was natural and it was a great courage to demand rights.
10,The movie that lingers a lot...
10,It's a touching movie in which two strangers in American society break through prejudice and prejudice and grow...  There's a lot of absurdity in our society, but it was there and it's still there. I'm relieved and moved that the world is progressing little by little. Words that are indifferently attached to my heart
10,It's an act where each and every emotion of the characters was conveyed.From the orange bird. Shirley's smile, which must have felt a sense of belonging while playing, spreads to the faces of the viewers.The humor code that came up unexpectedly was also good because it became too heavy. It's so heartwarming!
8,We are the same and different.
10,I'm glad I saw you in the theater. I'm going to keep it and take it out from time to time
10,I think it's one of the most touching movies
10,Being a genius is not enough because you are black.  It takes courage to fight prejudice. I met a great man who endured a humiliating situation to fight prejudice on his own and challenged it, confronting every irrational situation with nonviolence and high character
10,Too bad the screen was small. You should have increased the number of theaters
10,The best movie of the year is 10,000 times more touching than a mopping-up Korean film.
8,It can be said that the development of the content itself is predictably typical, but the content itself was so warm and pleasant that it was a fun movie to watch.
10,I don't know why they don't show such a moving movie.It was worth visiting far away.
10,It makes me feel betterHah!
10,It's warm. Personally, it feels more cozy than "Untouchable"
10,My heart ached the whole time in the joy
10,It was a pleasant, warm, and unexpected gift that made me nervous
10,March but by far the best movie of the year
10,It was one of the most memorable movies.At that time, I felt pity for black people, and I was very pleased with the process of changing the white man who played the role of driving discrimination. The scene where I threw chicken out of the window in the car was really funny
10,It's a great movie. It makes me think about racism again
10,The movie itself was the best. To the point where it's one of my life movies.But the behind-the-scenes story outside the movie... What a good movie you have blackened.
10,This is real Woojung
10,그린북은 기분 나쁜 주제를 다룬 기분 좋은 영화이다.여러분은 웃으면서 극장을 빠져나오지만 슬픈 역사를 잊지 않을 것입니다.
10,My parents bought it and they liked it because it was a warm and fun movie
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you think deeply.
9,Who will be happy? The movie that gave the answer
10,After the movie was over, my heart got so warm that I sat still for a while...
10,It was one of the best movies of my life. I hope you watch it
10,I got a masterpiece that I haven't seen in a while
10,Thank you. Recommend.
9,■ A good heartwarming movie~ A friendship between a lonely genius and a happy ordinary person~ ■ Does Park Pong-ki eat? LOL
9,The music is good and the acting is good.
10,It's a movie that can't come out with Korean emotions I strongly recommend it
10,I want you to increase the number of movie theaters like this. Don't plaster Korean films all the time to time to time
10,It's fun. 1! This is the movie
10,It's calm but heavy and warm
10,Even a perfect genius, in an age of color racism, there's bound to be hardship, but the message that you can overcome through someone you can communicate with remains in my mind
10,Do you know that? Tony Balleronga, Lord of the Rings, Aragon
10,It was a great movie. It warms my heart.
9,Make sure to watch it. Even now.It's a movie that I want to watch again.
10,The most touching movie of my life ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it!
10,It was the best. It made me think again
10,It was so good. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's a movie that I watched thankfully.
10,It's a movie that makes you feel good without feeling stuffy. It's touching to see them grow up to fill each other's shortcomings, including racism and friendship.
10,It was the movie of my life.
10,Playing the piano in the bar is so cool
10,Was America so racist in the 1960s? Don't cheat!It's an exaggerated movie. And this is a Christmas movie
10,I barely watched a late-night movie because I was pushed by Korean movies
10,Fun and warmth in the chemistry of two different Tony and Shirley! a movie that lingers a lot
9,A light but deep film, directed by Dumb and Dumber, makes Road Movie all the more pleasant
9,The huge gap between race, homosexuality, and rich and poor is mixed and harmonized in a narrow old fashion car. A modern reinterpretation of 'Driving Miss Daisy. Even if you translate the review, it will be successful. 'A clever and sophisticated way of expressing the harsh discourse of society.'
10,This movie was touching late at night. Bigotenson, it was nice to meet you.
10,It's not a waste of 10 points. Oh, my God. It's warm.
10,The movie that makes you think about racism is interesting
10,It's my first time getting a movie rating. Look twice. Take a look at it three times. No matter how many times I look at it, it's perfect.
10,I watched it twice. It became my favorite movie
10,The best. The only thing I can say is the best ^^
10,It's the best. It's so fun. I want to watch it more
10,A movie in which music plays a big part must be seen in the movie theater. In fact, you can fully feel the charm of a movie when you watch it in a movie theater. It's a masterpiece that has no choice but to give 10 points. There is a good reason for winning the Academy Award for Best Picture. It's enough for Morteson to win the best actor award
10,A movie that many people want to see
10,Don't watch boring Korean movies (you know) but watch the Green Book
10,I remember Don Shirley, who had isolated himself, playing the piano on the orange bird with whiskey on top of it, not the stywayne, and hanging out with his own black people.
9,It leads the political and social issue of racism to the personal domain of 'identity' and draws sympathy from many people. Self-limiting me, what am I defining myself? I, who doesn't seem to belong anywhere, is also me. That's who I am
10,I'll have to watch it over and over again.
10,It's better to keep your dignity than your fist. But with true friends, chicken with oil on your hands may not be too bad.
10,Touching humor, no time to get bored. Great directing skills
8,The character setting in the play itself is so fun.Of course, acting... I'm surprised that America, which has the best democratic culture, was at that level in the '60s.It's fun ^^
10,Personally, I think art is a good work not only for the creator but also for those who appreciate it. I was deeply impressed by this movie.
10,The best movie of my life.indescribable crap
10,It's a good movie. A movie that many people want to see.
10,It was a great movie, so I booked it for my parents.
10,This is the movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8,It's a great humanist movie.
10,Perfectly flawless, perfect movie
10,The life of a stranger Always doubt that the world will change with a little courage If one day you can't keep up with the current gender problem as a man without gender sensitivity, if you can't break your own world, you'll remain a fool
10,the sadness of finding one's identity
10,Got it, got it, got it, got it, got it
8,Woollim and Inspirational Movies!
8,I can't believe you're making me watch this without getting bored
9,I think it was better because of the contrast between your roles and your situation. White, ignorant, cultured, smart, black... Thank you :) I liked you when you played Aragon, but your acting is still rusty
10,My eyes were filled with tears, but my mouth was filled with smiles ^^ Healing movie
10,It's been a long time since I last saw this movie. Wit, humor, and touching moments. Make sure to watch it with your loved ones! It's really nice
8,The reason why I'm a four-pronged person in the culture
10,Expectation, anger, humor, emotion, no more words needed
10,You're the best. Shut up and watch
10,It is a very well-made movie and has a different meaning. Even though it's a movie that pinches prejudice, they don't see a good movie as it is with such complacency. Spike Lee, and so-called "attendees"... I feel sorry for them.
10,People are not everything they see. People have to experience it and talk to each other  That's the difference between animals.
10,Comic!! Not really but funny and quite funny. Not boring.
10,a heartwarming movie An emotional production that secretly urges reflective actions to eliminate discrimination.
10,A movie that the whole family should watch together! It allows you to look deep inside of a human being. About real friendship!
10,A movie to watch. Something to think about
10,Let's fill in 10 letters. Let's do 10 points
10,Prejudice that digs deep without guns and knives, and the beauty that breaks it
8,I think it's a movie with tears in the ending scene
10,The movie was so pretty. Everything was sad and shiny and heartbreaking, but it was so beautiful
10,It was such a touching movieI was totally immersed until the end of the movie^^♡♡
10,Another prejudice in prejudice~~~ Although it's an obvious story, I really recommend a movie that touches your heart
8,There are many similar movies and most of them have similar developments, but I am touched every time.
10,It was such a touching and enlightening movieIt would've been better if I saw it in a bigger theater with good sound
10,We are obliged not to look at it differently, perhaps too "front"
6,When faced with discrimination and prejudice, they usually take turns avoiding it, but sometimes they become more confident against it
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently!
10,I think it's a heartwarming movie
8,It was a very neat and polished film.
10,It's the best. I learned how to be confident in the relationship between A and B, and how to respect B in the position of A. Furthermore, it was a time when black discrimination was severe, but it was also a time to be happy to see them learn from each other and find happiness.
10,Discrimination that we don't even recognize, prejudice that we don't break...
10,A good movie came out...
10,This is a movie. Please increase the number of theaters
8,Bigo Mortensen, what do we need to say?^^
10,I strongly recommend this drama
10,Why am I tearing up in the last scene?
10,Fun. Fun to watch.
10,We're like that, too. Not treating a person as a person, but judging by the displacement, appearance, height, and money of a vehicle.
10,I guess I'm too used to Korean movie condiments to make racism so pretty without tears
10,a movie that makes you feel good after the movie is over
10,A movie that warms the heart in the cold winter
10,It's a movie that touches, thrills, fun, video beauty, music and fashion! It feels like I watched a proper movie after a long time
10,The best movie I'd never have seen if it wasn't for the Academy
10,A small but calm story that permeates your heart.  a salivating film
10,I cried watching Hidden Figures yesterday, but I'm moved by this today. It's a movie that makes you want to live as a human being, not shallow.
10,It's a movie I watched without any expectations. It's been a while since I saw my life
10,100 points is not a waste.The theater is too expensive
10,I want to recommend a touching movie with a few movie theaters and a bad running time
10,Wow! I only watch Korean movies that stretch out the one-minute scene to five minutes while imitating left-wing national movies, and then watch witty, neat, but very touching movies. I should write a letter to the person I love today.
10,I was so satisfied with the movie. I almost cried because it was so touching, but I stopped because I was so surprised
10,Let's give a round of applause for the production
10,I was surprised by the restrained production that was not like a Hollywood movie centered on scale, and I was surprised once again by the fact that I could watch it with a smile without being angry even though it was about black discrimination
10,I'm glad I watched the movie. What would you have done if you didn't see it?
10,Stop eating, Tony.Stop smoking
10,100 points, not 10 points, was the best movie I've seen recently.The world is overflowing with lonely people because they don't have the courage to approach it first. (Singing "Wow
10,We were aware of racism at the time periods. We didn't change even though we knew it was wrong. There is still discrimination here. I was moved by the change in the movie.
10,A really nice and satisfying movie.
10,Comfortable movie. It's fun
9,Well-made movies, well-made movies, well-made movies by people, good.
8,Almost all the echoes and euphoria that can be shown in such a cliche and intense theme.
10,Tears of emotion. I want to watch a lot of movies like this
8,- 괜찮지! 진부한 말인가요?
10,I'd like to thank everyone who found this movie, watched it, and commented on it. Thanks to you, I was able to watch a movie like this.
10,I think the calmness will be a memorable movie until the end.It's obvious, but it's so touching. Watch it
10,I watched a great movie today
10,A movie that shows that you can know and feel more without telling us everything
10,A movie like a radio star. It's calm and fun^^
10,What a great movie!!!
10,It's a movie I want to show my child.
10,It's fun. It was an ending that made you smile
10,Good influence. Good friendship.It was better than I expected.
9,It's a calm movie. I liked it because it didn't have a big twist or force
10,The calm friendship between the two was so good. It was fun to talk about normal things. The childlike appearance of the two characters and good music were all great. It was a movie that was calm but it made me feel like I didn't have time to get bored I want to watch it again. I recommend it
10,It's a good movie. It gives you a lot of things to think about. The ending in the second half is also very good.
10,It's life beyond movies. brilliance
10,I'm not a critic, so I can't express it, but it was fun
9,a film that shows the times well A movie that I want to show to people who are discriminated against in various ways in places that are still invisible.
10,I won't say anything else because it might be a spoiler. It's been a while since I've seen a movie that makes me think about many things. I can only say that it's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it. I strongly recommend it!
10,This movie. President Moon Jae In.It is supported by Jin Sun-mi, the Minister of Gender Equality Minister.without recognition of genderI don't want to promote harmony.bent on fightingIt's up to those two groups.Even though I know that, OOO plane is silent because of the ticket.It's up to the Liberals
10,A film that taught equality naturally and pleasantly.  It's a really good movie
10,I watched it alone and my heart feels so warm.
10,A movie with questions about who I am, socially, culturally, professionally and personally.  A movie that I keep encountering my notions and prejudices throughout the movie, but ended with warmth, not discomfort
10,I lost track of time and watched it
1,Racism and nigga are the things I hate the most.
10,A great film to win a prize for a work. I can't believe Shirley called Robert Kennedy when he was locked up in a police cell
10,It's such a good moviea movie that makes one think about prejudice and dignity
10,It was good to know what the Green Book was and to get a glimpse of the lives of the minorities contained in it. You can control the speed and seriousness from light to heavy, so you can have fun and even get touched!I totally recommend it!
10,It was so touching, soothing and fun
8,I've been treated like that all my life, how can you not stand a day? If you're not white enough, black enough, man enough, then what am I? The Green Book is a book that describes places where black people could go safely (without discrimination)
9,I want to eat KFC chicken
10,I watched it alone at the theater. I watched it again with my mom^^
8,실화에서 영감을 얻은 실화를 바탕으로 한
10,It's a great movieIt's touching. A great movie is the best
10,I'm so touched.a good movie
10,It was a work that was filled with overwhelming emotion and lingering emotions. And I sincerely hope that it will not be the last movie to watch with her whom I love.
10,It feels like I enjoyed watching a movie that smells like a person in a person
10,It's a well-made music video that has a lot of implications and doesn't get boring for a minute!
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken. Is there a movie that makes it more attractive?
10,I felt the dignity of living by keeping my own beliefs...The movie that was so healing :)
9,A movie like Merry Christmas :)
10,I don't need to say that it's the best
8,Very nice. But I don't know about the award Haha
8,It was a movie where I could feel a lot of things.
10,A heartwarming road movie that made me realize the value of dignity!
10,It's a shame that such a movie couldn't be in many theaters. I thought a lot when I saw that even the value of art that touches people's hearts takes a long time to change a person who is obsessed with prejudice. Because it was such an era, I feel that the friendship between the two main characters is meaningful in many ways.
9,It's fun while watching it, and it's lingering after watching it!
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
8,Witty that catches you off guard despite prejudice and discrimination!
10,What is true courage? These efforts have led to change
10,What I felt after watching this movie is that no racism should be done. That's whether the Korean people are generally discriminated against in Southeast Asia, black or Middle Easterners. If we do not discriminate, we are not discriminated against as rain
8,This is the casting and directing of a movie
6,I cried at the last minute knowing that it was a true story, but I only give three stars because I am disgusted that human writings such as the form of movies that I have seen too often, and the Korean movie Malmoi and Magic Hour, which praise the movie.
10,Aragon, the Lord of the Rings, was an Italian prayer. His acting was really
10,How could there be so few theaters even though we won the Academy Award for Best Picture?
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie worth 10 points. It was a really good movie. Bigotensen's acting was good.
10,I won't say much. It's my favorite movie
9,A movie I want as many people as possible to watch.
8,Of course, it is a good movie.But the problem was that I watched a lot of movies or dramas like this, so it wasn't new.However, it is impressive that the actors' acting was very good.
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken is very sticky But there's discrimination against Asians, too Chings? What about this?
10,I was also a prejudiced man when the police stopped them again.
10,It wasn't boring and I enjoyed it. It's heartbreaking, too. Racism needs to go away.
10,Wow, it still lingers I felt like I was being prejudiced It's time to learn and realize a lot. I love this
10,Feels like I got a movie as a gift. A masterpiece that will last forever
10,Funny, but not funny
9,It's a fun movie that tells a story that doesn't have a great event and can be boring.
10,A movie that thinks about being different and being different
10,A film that makes you think about human dignity.
10,Before the last performance, I burst out laughing by myself at the flowing line of the restaurant
8,Even though it's not a thriller, it's fun without boredom for 130 minutes!
10,It's a must-see movie :)
10,It was nice to see that we were becoming more like each other
10,I saw you twice! You look so happy when you eat Kentucky Fried Chicken and when you play the piano in a black restaurant.
10,I am grateful to the directors and actors who make these movies, and to myself who can understand and feel the movie
6,I'm just normal. Why is everyone complimenting me? Am I the only one who's cliche about overcoming racism?
10,By the end of the movie, my eyes were already wet. I think I can remember this warmth that permeates little by little for quite a long time instead of intense emotion.
8,It was a fun and informative movie. It was very good
10,I'm craving fried chicken
10,It was a masterpiece
10,It takes great courage to go on a tour to a place where black people are not welcome in the context of the times. Applause for his courage in contributing to the advancement of black human rights.
10,I recommend this kind of movie when you think you're too immersed in provocative movies. It lingers for a long time and it warms my heart. You'll be able to come out in a good mood when you come out after watching
10,I could understand why I got Oscar for the moving movie.
10,While watching the movie, I suddenly felt that I was not good enough to grasp the value of this movie
10,Our country should make a movie like this.
10,It's the best movie ever. I envy Hollywood
10,It feels like we've been on a great journey.☆
10,A movie that was calm and never boring. A movie that showed Nigro's sorrow to the fullest. How can black people discriminate against Asians with this kind of history?
10,I think it's going to be my favorite movieI'm going to watch it again
10,It wasn't provocative at all. It was so touching
10,This kind of movie is called a trick
10,It's a delightful softening. It makes me look back. Racism has remained a serious problem since the film's background era. That's the problem
10,It's a movie that you need to calm down
10,It's crazy. The two main actors were amazing
10,It's a very well-made movie.
10,A movie with dignity...
10,It was a movie about racism that I have seen a lot, but the scenery and music sound were so good
10,It's a movie that makes your heart warm
10,It became my favorite movie. I hope there will be many movies like this in our country in the future.
10,a heartwarming movie
8,Remark. Mortensen's eating show is Ha Jungwoo's cheek! I was surprised because it was so different from what I saw in Lord of the Rings. You look good in this kind of role, too. Eight Colorful Actor!
10,A film that was calm but learned a lot. I want to keep it and watch it often.
10,I think I saw the best movie of the year.The Academy Award for Best Picture is the best It was a good movie. It was touching
10,Tony like fire and Shirley like water were so nice to see Please come out a lot of movies like this
10,Movies that I want to watch over and over again. The word "best movie" is not a waste
10,A solid story, humor, lessons, and emotion in the actors' acting skills...I think it is the best movie of 2019.
9,It was a fun movie where I could see the times. It was informative and I came to support their friendship throughout the movie.
10,I gave a thumbs up to my friend that I chose wellApplause for Shirley's bravery, and I learned a lot from Tony's responsible sincerity
10,A really well-organized movie. A luxurious but comfortable movie for everyone. Playing Chopin's Winter Wind in a Black Club... It was so witty. I will be selected as a movie that I will see often.
10,In the final scene, tears burst out as Shirley and Tony hugged and Shirley and Mrs. Tony hugged. When Shirley, who seemed lonely and lonely throughout the movie, feels someone's body temperature and exchanges, the long journey of the movie ends.Thank you so much for your courage, Shirley.
10,I happened to see it and it was fun
10,It was an excellent piece of work well-organized. The understatement was also very good. I felt like I was living in 62 years. Even the music we did together was a delight to my ears. I watched a movie that I liked after a long time.
10,The movie that I saw in Art 9 never fails. Whatever I do, I have to do it perfectly ^^
10,Sad history... Sad prejudice...
8,It's good. It's fun.
9,I was touched by the honest acting of low-profile actors.
10,I hope more people watch it!
9,Gwanghwamun Cinecube, which makes you think comfortably, is also the hometown of your heartHaha
10,Music, humor, message, acting were all good movies.
10,I couldn't watch it because of the bus time, but my family loved it I want to watch it later I leave marks on behalf of my family
10,A movie that expresses the times well! I was sad that there weren't many theatersㅠㅠ A movie that's good for many people to watch
9,It's calm but it makes me think about many things. At first, the characters or two distinctly contrasting characters gradually resemble each other. It is a movie where you can feel the helplessness of individuals in society, and you can think again that small daily lives are precious.
10,Until the day when black and white racism disappears and the earth becomes a green book! I hope there are a lot of movies like this.
10,I find it hard to change my prejudice even though I am angry.ㅠㅠ Starting with me...
10,I wasn't interested in it, but I just went to watch it because I was bored and it made me think a lot and I felt good because I saw a movie that made me feel warm and touched I went there without thinking and got healed. I really want to recommend it
10,It was a movie that made me emotional
10,A magical movie that tells a story that can be sad so refreshingly and brilliantly
10,It couldn't have been better.There's love and peace in peace
10,It's a perfect movie. My girlfriend Bbi said, "It's because there's less promotion than the movies that are popular these days, but it really touched my heart."
10,Touching smile! Bromance chemistry. Totally good
10,The acting and the content were good, and it was a movie that wasn't heavy, so I enjoyed it moreThe actors were so coolMake sure to watch it!
10,Sad eyes made me tear up like him.
10,A funny movie that seems to make Get Out Of Us gentle and pleasant
10,A funny movie that seems to make Get Out Of Us gentle and pleasant
9,It's a heart-warming movie. From elementary school children to my mother, it's a movie that makes everyone satisfied.I strongly recommend this movie because I recently watched "Killing a Parrot" with the kids, so I think the kids understand it well.
10,It's the best movie without a flawless
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. I hope this kind of trick will be shown often.
10,Man grows through man.Prejudice and arrogance arise from the defense mechanisms that arise from wounds.Let's be honest and hold out our hands
10,It was fun
8,Heart-warming truth where 과 and 이 intersect!
10,Return of the King, you gained rice. You've become more humane.
10,It's my first time getting a GPA. Recently, I've only watched commercial movies, so I realized that I forgot what "good movies" are. It was a movie that felt like I washed away all the dust from the piled up thoughts.
8,It was a long movie, but it wasn't boring. an obvious story
10,I'm touched. I'm touched.
10,Mr. Aragon, you've become more handsome since you're full. I'm impressed by your acting, but I wonder why you didn't win an award. It was a warm and pleasant movie
9,It was the best movie ever, with unexpected small twists and differences. I thought it was a music movie, but it breaks prejudice. I strongly recommend it
10,It made me realize that I'm prejudicedCalmly, it's really touching ㅠㅠ
10,The acting of the two actors was the best!!! It's touching
10,The comfortable plot is the best, and the actors' acting is amazing
10,A completely different race, status, personality, but a strong friendship created in the name of a person. a masterpiece that was able to follow their journey with great impression
10,It's really fun. I don't usually write reviews because I'm so proud of it, but it's also fun and warm...There are a lot of lessons in the story, but it feels like I went on a short tripIt's one of the movies I've seen.I'll see you next time.Green book is the best
10,You know, the world is full of lonely people who are afraid to move first
10,I can see why he won the best picture award
10,Courage to fight prejudice. Feminism has no such thing
10,I met a movie that resonated deeply after a long time. 10 out of 10. We should watch this movie more.
10,It makes me realize that a movie can be fun and touching enough without fancy action, provocative content, or unexpected twists
10,I thought it would be an obvious movie, but it's an experience where emotions move automatically with dignity and obviousness.   It's a musical movie.
10,It's so great! The beautiful friendship story was touching~~
10,We must realize that we are discriminating against humanity and racism without our knowledge.  Discrimination is what the weakest and most foolish do.
8,I loved the scene where we performed in Orange Bird.
10,The best. A masterpiece without superfluous.
10,"You know, the world is afraid to move first. It's full of lonely people." I was touched by this line  It's an amazing trick that gave me a lot of emotions   A movie that digs into the bottom of our movie distribution that didn't secure the number of theaters
10,A good movie that makes your personality nice
10,My heart was moved to see him overcome discrimination for his dream. The last scene was so touching that I could cry ^^
10,Will prejudice, which is a hot topic now, be able to realize that there were times like that in a hundred years?
10,Music screenplay, casting, wit. Everything was perfect I strongly recommend it
10,I watched a movie like a movie after a long time
10,It's so much fun Bigomotensen's acting is outstanding
9,A movie where you can enjoy music and the scenery of the southern United States as well as storytelling.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot while watching it without thinking
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie. The acting of the two actors was the best. I was sad that the movie ended.
10,But, apart from racism, fix the way you treat people like dogs in the U.S. When I saw you take them out of the car and check your ID card, I remember the guy who rejected the ID card test recently
10,It's amazing to think about what's right in a world where prejudice against people of color is still rampantThe movie I want to watch again
10,아름답게 만들어졌다.
8,In the 1960s, high-end black people felt unfamiliar and could have friendship.Both are good at acting
10,The best movie I've seen recently. Blind Side, The Help, the material, and the feeling are similar. So it was good. It calmly shows events that I hope will never happen again. Not too much.
2,The rating is so high that it starts to lower. For me, this kind movie is boring and cliche. the Glische model It's too political. Racism is so high-profile that it seems that both Korea and the United States have fallen into the trap of political correctness. It's not funny. These political movies.
10,Beautiful running shoes, it's been a long time since I saw this work.I recommend it
10,A movie that makes me feel good. This is all I can express
10,2017년 연합군 리 2019 2019 green 2019년 그린북.
9,It's a predictable plot just by looking at the poster, but it's still a movie to watch.Mahershala Ali, who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor, was also good, but personally, Bigo Mortensen stands out more.  As the head of the family, as the husband of a woman, shows a really nice figure.
10,It was a really warm and cold movie.
10,Korean movies that try to make people cry and feel moved can't keep up with the touching and lingering emotions
10,I don't want to talk for a long time. It's been a while
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,It's one of my favorite movies.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. The piano melody was so beautiful
10,A heartbreaking trip... But that's not all
10,a neat and well-made film
9,a calm but non-boring
10,The film was painted plainly and well. So I watched the movie more fully.
10,I'm sure it's the best movie of 2019.
10,It's definitely a happy ending, but I'm crying. It will no longer be the best like this movie. After watching the movie, I get emotional whenever I think about the scene. What if I get depressed? I'm getting emotional right now! ㅠ
8,It's been a while since I felt good. It's a true story
10,Such a beautiful friendship. I envy you
10,My heart feels warm after watching it. It feels like we traveled together. It feels good to go back to the past
10,It's really fun. I saw it in English subtitles, but why are there so many high-quality words?
10,A driver and a hard-working employee.   Conflict and fighting.We'll be friends later.Reminds me of driving miss daisy.
10,It was such a nice and warm movie^^
10,What a good movie! If you like movies, you will regret it if you don't watch it!
10,There was only 11pm, so I watched it like that, but I don't regret it It's so touching and...The inner abomination of humans pretending to be noble in front of them... I feel it a lot!
10,unpleasantness without provocative scenes
10,The most complete movie I've seen recently
10,This is a work of art. Everyone in Chungmuro.Ah, I want to go on a trip after buying a classic car.
10,It's the best! There's Sprite, too!
10,It's so funny and touching Make sure you watch it
10,It's a good movie enough.
10,It's such a good movie and it shows how hard it is to narrow down each other's understanding and positions
10,Will I be able to do that? I reflect on myself that I know it's right but I can't.
10,There's no need for wordsLOL It was the best movie.
10,메리 크리스마스
10,Green Book Why Not ㅠㅠ You can feel the discrimination of real black people directly, show your emotions, human relationships, and know a lot of things, but make sure to watch a fun movie. I don't regret it!
10,Racism is really uncivilized.
8,Untouchable Black White Changed
9,The chemistry between the two is pleasant and the issue of racism makes me think a lot. It's just that I don't understand emotionally because it's about America.
10,I think 10 points is not enough. It's a movie that makes me think a lot. I think it's a good movie to watch two or three times. I don't understand that there are so few movie theaters like this.
8,Violence does not prevail. Only when you keep your dignity can you bring victory."
10,It's a healing movie.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. There was both narrative, satire and humor. The actors' acting skills were also excellent.
10,If I hadn't seen it, I would have regretted it I laughed for more than two hours and felt bitter. Thank you
10,It was an interesting movie after a long timeI don't want to wait I remember the last line, "The world is full of lonely people for fear of moving first."
10,No way! I'm going to watch it twice
10,It's a fun and touching movie
10,It was a healing movie You're the best!
8,The theme of paradox and contradiction was a neatly mixed movie.
10,It's really fun! I strongly recommend it! ^^
10,America, which is obvious but not obvious.
8,It was more fun than I expected.It's not even a thrilling movie, but I was nervous until the end.In the middle, there was an incident in which the two became closer and deeper, and it was very regrettable that they had to give such a highlight.The actors' acting was really outstanding!
10,It was so nice The chemistry between the two actors was impressive
10,The best movie. The ending was heartwarming
8,A cute movie that creates friendship
8,A movie that created a good synergy for each other and the audience who watched it, a movie!
10,Really... This kind of movie...It needs to be in theaters a lot...In the face of a commercial movie barrage, there's nothing we can do about it.Make sure to watch this movie.It's a really great movie.
10,It was such a good movie Actress Ali's delicate emotional acting is... Good, good
10,Although there is no particular sadness or fun. Although it's not provocative. A movie that makes you happy enough.
8,It's worth watching the ensemble of two actors
10,A movie that I want more racist Koreans to watch. I really liked the calm storyline where anyone in the audience can immerse themselves without any inconvenient composition.
10,The best movie! It was like a normal friendship story, but the content in it is so hot and happy. It's been a while since I saw a movie that's obvious but not obvious
10,I was impressed with my wife laughing and laughing. I hope the Korean people will also turn to movies that are deeply moving.
10,a film of obvious subject matter but not obvious
10,It's a movie that's fun and touching
10,It was nice to warm up the uncomfortable topic throughout the running time
10,A common prejudice was violence and pain for someone. What if it's not someone? A movie that once again awakens the dangers of prejudice.
10,You can trust and watch Bigo Mortensen.An attractive actor who is really good at acting.Did you gain weight on purpose because of your role? All the actors' acting is great~ The movie itself is very good. It's a more satisfying work because it doesn't sound like Korean movies. I lost track of time and watched it. - Park Hong! - (Pun in Korean)
10,I've become a masterpiece of my life
10,It was the best. It's touching
10,It was perfect. It was perfect.
10,My favorite movie. It's really fun.
8,dfadfe adfgarghe adfargarghh
10,It was so funny, touching, happy, and fun the whole time I watched itThis movie is really crazy... I don't need words. The highest rate is more than 10 stars
10,America in the 1960s...The U.S. is much better off than the Republic of Korea right now, and the gap between the rich and the poor feels much bigger...Looking at the hard lives of people of color and immigrants, I think I should treat the ethnic Koreans of Korea and Southeast Asia equally with the Korean people.
10,I hope a lot of people watch it
9,Even though it's an outstanding movie, the regret and limitation...And yet, it's written from a white perspective!
10,Ha, what a great piece of work! It's fun
10,A really good movie. I hope this kind of movie will be popular.
10,The best movie of 2019!
10,The Academy Award for Best Performance in a Fun Movie that makes you curious about the next story from the beginning to the end. There's a reason
10,The quiet message was touching, drawing a world of respect beyond discrimination.
9,Black people depend on black people, police officers, and white people depend on white people. A touching friendship trip between white and black people... No, a life trip where we learned the lives of genius pianist and bodyguard and driver. It is a movie that made me feel a lot of things like traveling together.
10,It's a heart-warming movie
9,It's not too heavy, but it's not too light. It's a movie that gives you a topic to talk about
8,Humor expressed in humanism
10,It's a heart-warming movie that makes you think about many things
10,The role of Tony was so attractive
10,It is a movie that shows the black-and-white conflict well through the situation. It was impressive. I strongly recommend it
10,I'm touched.  Please make Korean movies like this
10,a humane and heartwarming music film
2,LOL Wow, pro-Japanese group, they're scary
10,The process of different people understanding each other and looking into American culture in the 1960s was the most memorable, warm, and recommended movie I have seen recently
10,It's a rare masterpiece that's more touching because it's not overreacting
10,It's a human drama where you can feel the joys and sorrows of black people
10,I watched a good movie after a long time!It's fun and there's something to feel
10,Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas! Hollywood Academy!
10,The best movies, videos, music and acting are all breathtaking.
10,It was a touching movie
8,It was fun. It was touching
10,잘 했어!
10,It was touching.Even if President Obama came out, this is still happening in the United States.Human equality is still far off
8,A white man like a black man. a black man like a white man
10,the best heartwarming movie
10,It's a movie that makes you want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken with your hands
10,The road that everyone knows is meticulously polished to the rocks.
10,It was a heart-warming story about Tony and Dr. Shirley, who are tough but protective of the family and full of humanity.
10,I showed my parents and they like it. They say it's fun and touching
10,A masterpiece that leaves a lingering impression in your heart
10,Calm and heavy emotions and fun...It's the best movie in recent years
10,a film with a gentle touch
10,It's a movie that will be filled with emotions~♡
8,Personally, about 8 points...
7,It is too cinematic, and the cinematic perspective of treating a highly educated, rational, genius-talented black person like a child rather feels like a racist movie.
8,A movie worth watching. I like the acting of the two main actors.
10,A movie that can be called a work of art
10,When complaints come out, "Why are you being so crazy?" a movie that teaches you to go into the other person's life and understand if you want to keep facing it. It throws a message of "black + freewheeling + jazz + violence + poverty" and high discrimination.
10,The movie was even better because it portrayed reality calmly without forcing anger.
10,I loved the warmth when it was released, so I watched it twice and came out again this week! After watching it, my heart gets warm!Hah!
7,Mahershala Ali's acting was also good, but I think Vigo Mortensen's humane acting skills, like the neighborhood man, made the work shine more. Rome was very good, but I personally liked the green room more.
10,I liked all the directing and actors' music
10,a movie that captures both fun and touching moments
10,It was an educational movie that was necessary to improve awareness of discrimination.
10,A heart-warming movie, heart-opening movie
10,그러니 내가 충분히 흑인이 아니고, 내가 충분히 백인이 아니고, 만약 내가 충분히 남자가 아니라면, 토니, 내가 뭔데?
8,It was simple and funL
10,It's a movie that made me look back on myself with the pain of a lonely person and the really great people who can change themselves while watching them. I need to look back and see if there are people who are struggling because of my prejudice
8,a 1960s film showing black discrimination in the south of the United States
7,It's music that only you can do. That word warms my heart!  I cried a little bit♡
8,I think it will be remembered as a movie with a calm smile and a touching gift.
9,It's a very good movie♥
9,It deserves a prize. I think it will be remembered for a long time as a movie that gave me a lesson and a touching feeling after a long time.It would have been better if it had been released in time for the Christmas season Christmas.
10,It's a really good movie that lingers for a long time
10,We don't have many chances to meet like this in our lives. Make sure to watch it. You will be healed in a movie where a white man who lives like a black man meets a black man who lives like a white man on the recommendation of an acquaintance one day and goes on a long journey.
10,It's been a while since I enjoyed a fun and touching movie~~
9,It's been a while since I watched a calm and heartwarming movie
10,130 minutes passed in an instant because I was completely immersed in the acting of the two male lead actors. I recommend that you watch it no matter what. I strongly recommend it!
10,I was happy to share the wonderful journey of the main characters. A funny, warm, but never light movie.
10,I could feel the lingering emotions after the great three-beat movie. I think I'll be into the OST for a while
10,It's a movie with a fresh composition. The story of black discrimination from a new perspective.
8,I enjoyed watching it. If the number of theaters increases,
8,Fortunately, it's a road movie that doesn't have big curves.   Don't look for behind-the-scenes stories even if you're curious.
10,Oh! It's been a long time since I've seen a masterpiece
10,Thank you for your acting.
10,There are too many to list what a good movie it is. Tony, who is simply ignorant but doesn't lie, was also good, and I felt sorry and sorry for the lonely Sheridac, who tries to change the world but suffers from identity. Suddenly I wonder what kind of person I am.
10,A movie where I couldn't stop smiling until the movie
10,I was so surprised when I watched it without thinking. I strongly recommend it.
10,The script and acting were great^
10,"A very well-made movie." A movie that I watched in a long time
9,It's not as good as a picture, but it's nice
10,It's been a while since I saw a healing movie. 10 points is not a waste. Thank you It makes my eyes and heart happy
10,I don't usually leave reviews, but it's a really fun and lingering movie... It's buried in a Korean movie
8,the many-thinking problems of mankind
10,It's not spicyThe music action scene doesn't have a forced moving production, so the chemistry between the two main characters stands out more...I don't know if that's the real purpose, but...
10,A heartwarming and warm movie!
8,The appearance of two people who are so different from each other opening and accepting each other has a charm that makes the audience feel good. It's better to look at it in time for the Christmas season.
9,Prejudice is the fatal thing that makes my eyes goofy. I need to break these to see the real thing
10,What a great movie!
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Prejudice comes from ourselves
10,I think you solved the heavy luck theme very well, as if it's nothing. I like movies that don't bother me that much
10,a heartwarming long-remembered film
9,I've been thinking about it since January and got the best picture awardI saw it for a long time...My mom who went without knowing the movie title praised the movie so much.2 hours passed so quickly.All right, look, there's a lot to think about.I was even more surprised because it was a true story
10,That's cool. I didn't expect much from this movie
10,It's a lovely drive where you can see your friendship even if it's creaky, tiring, and tiring
10,The rating that I didn't leave even when I first saw Shawshank Escape. It's not boring, heartbreaking, touching, and grateful movie. A painful history, whatever it is, I shouldn't reflect, apologize, and forget itIt's been a long time since I saw a good movie
10,I like this kind of movie, which has a thick emotion rather than excessive tear-jerking movie, but when I think about it, it was not easy to make movies like spring, summer, fall, and winter
9,A movie that makes you feel good when you finish a light, warm meal without any stimulating seasoning or spices
8,Vigo Mortensen, a professional driver.
10,The last Charlie came to play and finished right away. Wow, it left a strong impression on me. Real life movie
10,a film that lingers in one's mind
9,The second Hidden Figures movie!!!
10,It is different from movies that try to squeeze tears with new waves and forced emotions. It is really a music movie based on another level's true story, but it was such a fantastic movie to end the two men's expressions of emotion beautifully over time.
9,The story of the movie, the acting of the two actors, and the piano and the sky blue car are perfectly represented.Humor, direct speech and mukbang accompanied by Tommy's ignorance.^&^
10,It was a great movie.
10,Pleasant warm film.Was able to laugh in mind the entire time. These people gathered to understand each other's hurt and pain and calls him live only will it be nice to go.
10,Am I the only one who thought of Seoul Mayor throughout the movie?
10,I got choked up in the last scene. When I think of discrimination against black people, I feel so sad when I think of the general people of Korea and the people who were conscripted during the Japanese colonial period
10,If you have to watch just one movie this year, which movie should you choose?
9,What a warm and beautiful drama!
10,It's the first time I didn't want the movie to end.It's even more surprising because it's a true story, and I want to see a masterpiece like this in the theater, abolishing the screen quota
10,It was the best. No words needed
10,I realized when Shirley returned to New York. That the office was a kingdom only for Shirley created by Shirley, and the high throne also had a lot of meaning. Shirley, who first sat on the throne and looked down at Tony, now staring down at the empty throne.
9,On the way back to New York, the police officer said, "Merry Christmas Gentleman" was a tough fight, but it still gave me hope
10,I recommend the best movie
10,It's a movie if you draw a true story like this. Korean history is now boring and outdated. I don't want to see
10,Good, good. I feel good because I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,It's a true story of true friendship and courage that fills each other's weaknesses
10,I ordered chicken right in the middle of the movie.
10,It's really, really good
10,It's a very pleasant movie that leaves a deep impression.
10,Honestly, racist movies win a lot of awards at awards ceremonies like this... But this movie is so good. Their friendship is good to see and it was amazing that they died around the same time later. It was nice to see a good movie after a long time^^
10,Hearts meet and become friends
10,Wow, this is really fun. It was a time when I thought about a lot of things while watching it.
8,https://youtu.be/RMgdHxkh50M Watch it before you go to the movie theater
10,It's a good movie to get 10 points. Make sure you watch it
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,I can't believe this kind of movie will be shown once a day. If I really watch this kind of movie once a week, my life will be rich... America is not America for no reason... You are good at making movies
10,a calm and heartwarming film
10,What a great movie ^^
10,Nice and lovely movie!
10,This is how acting should be.A rare trick in which two men's brilliant performance blew two hours away!
9,It's fun... It's really fun...
10,My heart got warm after a long time.
10,It's the best movie ever~~
10,It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie
10,If you watch the movie, you will see why Green Book won the Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor, and Best Screenplay.
8,It may be a bit commercial and predictable, but it is a movie that you can watch comfortably by giving a calm impression.
10,I strongly recommend it. I hope a lot of people watch it together. I didn't know that the calm and moving time went by. It's a really good movie that makes you think a lot about social prejudice and the weak.
10,If you don't see it, you'll regret it
10,a heartwarming film that will remain in one's mind for a long timeIt's a work that has touching, humor, and quality.I strongly recommend it!
8,It's a movie that makes you think a lot. It's been a while since I enjoyed it^^
10,Different skin color, personality, environment, but the best friend who can honestly compensate for each other's shortcomings...
10,There is controversy, but personally, both the acting and the story composition were good.
8,It was a simple plot, but it was heartwarming
10,The best movie of my life! If you want to feel the warmth of life, make sure to watch it.
10,It was a movie that was naturally touching, not forced. I think a friendship that transcends discrimination and differences based on race or social status is necessary in this era Your acting is the best
10,This is a movie. This is a movie
10,There was nothing to watch these days, but I heard that I won the Academy Award for Best Picture. If I hadn't watched it, I would have regretted it!
10,A great movie. It makes me think a lot.
10,A movie that throws a calm big message is the best!
10,a fly in the face of meaningless discrimination
10,It's just a movie of my life. I don't have to show a lot of movies these days. I don't have anything to see because I'm monopolizing it
10,I'm sure you'll have the urge to give a standing ovationㅜㅜ
8,It was very touching
10,I am very sad.I became happy because I met a great movie
10,Throughout the movie, I thought a lot about discrimination, and in the last scene, I cried a little, and they acted so well that the running time didn't feel long, and playing on an old piano sounded much more pleasant and comfortable than the best piano
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot
10,So funny, so funny, so funny, so funny
10,a film full of things to think about
10,It's a moving movie.
10,It was really good a warm movie
10,It's a movie that makes you feel happy but also bitter
10,I watched a really calm and moving movie after a long time.The children in the second and fourth grade of elementary school are also thumbs up.
10,I felt so fortunate to have a friend named Tony next to Shirley.
10,I think Bigomotence's acting is the best
10,The story of growth and connection. After watching the movie, I enjoyed the warmth and freshness of the movie, and the credits went up. Did Mr. Ali play all those instruments?
10,It's funny. It's touching. It's based on a true storyToo bad there aren't many theaters.
10,a moving film that doesn't have to be forced to cry
10,It was so much fun that it's our second time to watch it.
10,Extreme jobs make this kind of movie buried in Korea!?!? The screen quota is a culture-breaking violence. I didn't even know the green book was released, but I saw it today. This is a movie
10,a humorous film about racism
8,There is a moderate tension and joy, but it was a pity that he seemed to avoid the material without sufficient handling.
7,A movie that was done by Vigo Mortenson
10,There's no moving scene, but what's touching about Zola?What's this?The expression "best" is just...c
10,Make sure to watch a healing movie
9,the best music-oriented movie
10,I would have been disappointed if I didn't watch it.It was a beautiful movie full of emotion and fun.
9,a well-made work My heart is getting warm ^^
10,I was deeply moved
9,With the exception of the extramural aspects of the film, purely film-wise, why? It's worth knowing that he won the Academy Award for Best Picture. It's neat and simple and funny.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie
10,It was a great movie that made me think about racism.
9,Tony, a friendly and ignorant racist, and Shirley, a lonely genius pianist who is deeply hurt by social prejudice, understand each other and change, and Shirley, who hid her heart with a smile despite unfair treatment, are moved by the scene
10,It was a good movie with a gentle touch.
10,I enjoyed it so much while solving the heavy contents lightly and easily.
10,Wow! This movie is so touching
10,A movie where friendship and family love are felt together
10,I think I expressed heavy things easilyI want many people to see it
10,It's touching and impressive
10,Pianist actor's expression was attractive and I think he deserves an Academy Award
10,The best movie. It's even fun.
10,I recommend this movie^^
10,It's a really good movie. I want everyone to see it. There are many things to think about, such as human rights, minorities, non-violence, black-and-white conflicts, etc.  Thank you to the directors and actors who made this great movie
10,I think this good movie is more widely knownThere are a lot of theaters...It's been a while since I've seen youThe detailed lines and movements that lead the drama are so warm and nice I strongly recommend it
10,The best drama I've seen in years, I'll watch it again when it's forgotten
10,Just watch it. It's not a waste of time I want to say it twice. Make sure you watch it
10,The author of the movie based on a true story is Bigo's son.
10,I'm so touched. I enjoyed it
10,I acknowledge the Academy Award for Best Picture. All the characters are lovely.
10,I love the ending and the flowing piano jazz
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters for this kind of movie.It's so much fun. It's touching! It's really my favorite movie!
10,I strongly recommend this movie. It's a really good movie
10,It's the best. It was touching and fun
10,It was a movie that made me feel everything I wanted to feel while watching the movie
10,I didn't expect much but it was so much fun. It's touching.
10,I want more people to watch it by increasing the number of movie theaters.It's such a good movie.
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen in recent years. a film of no substance The movie is a balanced mix of racism, homosexuality, friendship, and the Italian family.
10,It's been a month and a half, and I'm glad there's still a theater, and it's great to see it again If you like calm, not stimulating, but touching messages, make sure to watch it I strongly recommend it. You'll feel like you deserve an award
9,It was a good movie that resonated with Dr. Shirley, who wants to protect and live like a noble Korean, and the contrast between a simple and warm-hearted white driver and various scenes that made us understand each other.
10,I watched it without being bored at all, with the exquisite combination of restrained acting and loose acting. It's a shame that this good movie is already coming to an end. I couldn't see it at the local movie theater, so I went to the Korean Theater and watched it, but I think I really enjoyed it.
10,Chicken does not discriminate against racism
8,Except for the noise outside of the movie, it's a well-made movie
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie. I like it because it's not forced but it's calm
9,An exciting drama directed by Dumb and Dumber. No wonder my humor code was no joke.
10,Movies that you shouldn't miss. Movies that you should watch alone
10,It's not a movie, it's a work
10,Good, good. The movie that I really enjoyed
10,There are prejudices that were taken for granted inside, so if you watch it while feeling guilty, it makes you reflect on yourself and think about it again
10,keep up with the flow of the movie The real story at the end... Thank you for the good movie
10,It's such a touching movie
9,Melting differences and prejudices is probably empathy! A heart-warming movie
10,It was so upsetting to see him sleeping at a lower quality than his driver and being excluded from their culture when he came down from the stage and treated shallowly. Shirley's expression and gaze, especially when Tony said he would pull his last pride out of fear of leaving on the way, and hire him as a full-time secretary, would be memorable for the rest of his life
10,Lost track of time, touching moments, 100 points
8,I don't think it's a ten-point movie. If you did well, your acting was good
10,It's a movie that makes you a big fan of Bigomotensen.Mojashala's great acting and Linda's loveliness.Loyalty, friendship, love and happiness are all felt in this good movie. I hope you watch it
10,a heartwarming movie At the end, I slightly wet my eyes.
10,Do you know why Korean films still can't narrow the gap with Hollywood when Korean filmmakers, directors, and writers reflect on themselves and realize themselves after breaking away from the outdated faction that uses history?There are a lot of rotless, brainless producers who are bent on trashy, senseless money-making, so reflect on yourself
4,The director was too complacent about portraying a true story.  It looks plausible, but there is no depth.
10,Good fantastic movie ^^^^
10,I won't use the word "jjanggae" anymore
9,It's a neat, well-made movie. It's superfluous.
9,A perfect choice if you like jazz and classical music. The reality is not a fairy tale and the problem is ongoing, but there is no need to blindly twist the movie with a hopeful message.
10,Academy is getting more and more interesting.
10,Good. The friendship of men I miss
10,Shirley's eyes before changing clothes in the warehouse are so memorable that it's amazing how she can convey such complex emotions with just one look. Academy Award for Best Picture!
10,It's a shame that many people didn't see it
10,It was so much fun It was a charming movie with a lot of wit and emotion that deserved the Oscar for best picture♡♡♡
9,The movie is so good that it's incomparable to Rome Dr. Shirley's family is calling it a hoax. Still, he drew people well and the message was good.
10,I've lost track of time. I didn't understand the difference at first, but it's cool that Tony or Shirley admit the difference and act the other way
5,Don't feel the bigotry of black people in movies. Black people discriminate against us more than white people everywhere. The typical domestic male-female victim cosplay movie is even abominable.
10,The best movie! It's a must-see movie
10,an unreasonable stance His etiquette is necessary for me living in this era.
10,The lines and performance scenes in the movie, which reflected the times well and I could feel racism with my skin, made me happy throughout the movie, and the last scene was a warm Christmas, so the ending was good
10,The movie that makes me think again about the harshness of discrimination and prejudice, and the preciousness of friendship
10,It was the best movie of my life. Kiss the kids
10,Just look at it's...Make sure you watch it before you get off.Without further ado, I strongly recommend it
9,It's unfair, but it's refreshing, angry, but warm.
10,Racism is so...
10,Best Healing Road Movie of My Life / Best Christmas Movie
10,No racism!It wasn't this kind of nuance, but it felt like it was coming together naturally It was so much fun. I think I've seen it somewhere I've been feeling it, Aragon
10,The director who creates the obvious story is amazing, but the actor's perfect avatar was also the best. And great music and Dr. Shirley's great performance on the last tour was the best. Make sure to watch it. You can watch it as one of my favorite movies.
10,It's a shame that I missed the best actor award.
9,There are a lot of funny parts. And it is a movie that has a lot to learn.I think it's a movie that lingers longer than The Help and Untouchable.
10,Everyone predicted the police lines and actions in the last scene, but it was a prejudice that occurred to everyone.
10,It's an obvious story that Tony and Dr. Shirley are getting closer and closer, and this movie is so funny and touching
10,While I'm watching the movie, I get a warm feelingThere are so many shocking events happening these days, and this movie seems to tell me what the world needs the most these days
10,A movie that looks like I's cancer...
8,I thought Shirley might be gay in the middle of the movie, but I don't know if she's right. It's always good to know what thoughts and prejudices were in those times
10,It is one of the five best movies I have ever seen
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again
10,A movie that makes you think a lot
10,The ability to solve a heavy subject without being too heavy or too light. The reason why we can't help loving Hollywood.
8,It was a calm and warm movie^^ I know it's a true story!
10,It's a very touching and humane movie
10,I watched a movie that lingered for a long time.
10,Would they have been able to join the trip more pleasantly if their book was a Michelin Guide, not a Green Book?
10,Okay, I've seen it twice
9,It's worth watching. I recommend it!
9,It's funny, but it's touching. It was great to see America in the 60s
8,The movie "Green Book" is really fun^^ My eternal aragon is... Remark. Mortensen's acting is full of potentialLOL It seems that the explanation is not enough in terms of editing, but I think it's a fun friendship movie to watchL
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good road movie
10,I've never seen a black man look this good.His fashion sense is so good. How sad the eyes look.
10,It's the best... How long has it been since Forest Gump?
9,Mahershala Ali's outfit and elegance were enough.
9,A story in which people slowly and tightly blend into each other. It's heartwarming.
1,The rating is too high. About mid to late 8 points
10,It's calm, but also witty and touching.
10,It's a movie that made me rethink what relationships are between people and what friendship is. I recommend it!
8,I was more surprised by Vigo Mortenson's eating show than the real story
10,The best acting by famous actors, the perfect production. The best work chosen by the Academy in 2019.
10,I feel so overwhelmed throughout the movie
10,아주 아름답지요.
10,It's touching and fun. You can see why we won the award. I recommend it to everyone
10,300,000... That's terrible
10,It's a masterpiece that I haven't seen in a while
10,Green book! I really enjoyed it.You're the best!
10,I had a hard time watching the movie because there weren't many theaters, but I think it was a good thing to watch it. A movie that makes you think a lot along with the movie. It is bitter that prejudice and contradiction still exist around us.
10,It was a good movie that amplifies the emotions of the movie with beautiful scenes and lines that get immersed in timeBut it was a little uncomfortable to see the biased view of white supremacy
10,Tony, who threw away the cup used by black people at the beginning, but the way it changed through this journey was impressive, and I was surprised that it was a true story A movie that leaves a strong impression. Well, the black actor's smile is totally charming
1,The film is made without the consent of the bereaved family, and the film is full of lies that are not real, and the director has exposed his genitals at the movie set in the past, racist remarks he learns, and the writer hates Muslims. Such a movie with a rating of 9 or higher, an Academy Award for Best Screenplay and Best Picture!
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a road movie that's so beautiful and touching. After the movie, the friendship between the two seemed to be beautifully faced by a huge mountain peak.  Let's reflect on ourselves, Korean movies with cheap new wave, low-quality emotional comedy, and predictable scenarios
10,Good movie. Sentiment that can't be felt in Korean movies
8,a story that is not too heavy
10,The best movie of the year! The movie that made me think a lot
10,Wow, the movie I want to watch again!
10,It's more comical and family-like than I thought. I enjoyed it without any burden^^
10,That's so cool. It's calm but it's like a movie with a lot of meaning in it!
10,I think I saw a movie that is like a movie after a long time. It was great.
10,It's fun and meaning at the same time. It's a talent that makes you dance without effort. A movie that you'd regret if you hadn't seen.
10,It's fun and meaning at the same time. It's a talent that makes you dance without effort. A movie that you'd regret if you hadn't seen.
10,I found my favorite movie.
10,I really enjoyed the movie! And the music was good, and there were some funny parts in between, so I enjoyed watching it LOL I'm glad I saw it. :)
10,It wasn't a race story. It was a story of every human being who was surrounded by rampant prejudice and could not set up a woman. Am I not alone in a lonely throne? I'll think about it
9,Showing courage to break prejudices
10,The end of the best movie of 2018~2019.
10,Ali's comic and serious acting were perfect. Even though it was a simple story, it was very elaborately organized without any scratches, so I lost track of time. The setting of origin for the two characters, black and Italian, was also a divine move. It's a masterpiece where you can feel the nostalgia of driving miss daisy.
10,Academy Awards Honors!
10,It's so touching when Dr. Shirley speaks her mind in the rainI felt that I felt that way. It's a movie that won't be a waste to watch again.
8,It's humorous, it's got good material, it's a movie that gives you a sense of discrimination and conflict against black people in the 1960s and how they overcame it
9,You're a great actor
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot in a calm mood
9,It was a good movie that would have been disappointing if I missed it.
10,The music is good, the actors are good at acting is good. A good movie that makes you smile
10,Humor and touching. A movie that will remind you of something
8,걱정하지 마세요, 행복하세요.
10,A movie that touches the heart of joy!
10,It's a good movie that thinks about the meaning of happiness in life together
10,A movie that makes you think a lot. I hope this kind of movie will be shown in more theaters!
10,I would appreciate it if more people could see this good movie... I couldn't use it because it was late after I bought it, so I could watch it again at the CGV Bucheon Art Museum...
10,The best movie I've seen recently...
10,After watching the movie, I watched the movie with prejudice.
10,It's very touching~~
10,It was a work that lingered for a long time. Recommend.
10,Do we need any more words?
10,I watched it with my son who will soon become a middle school student. I think it will be remembered as a good movie for both children and me.
10,It's a movie that I'm so satisfied with. I watched it without any expectations. It's a movie that's touching, fun, and heartwarming
9,It's impressive to see you always smile after playing. A movie that would have been better in the winter!
10,Prejudice, man and love
10,A different life, but a warm story that we can give for each other, music and laughter are a bonus
10,It was really good... It makes you laugh and it's a really warm movie.
10,A valuable movie that selfish and personal modern people must watch
10,I can't eat it... Hmm? Honey taste
10,A movie without bubbles, unlike the main character full of brag
10,I want to be like Dolores
10,Make sure to watch it! It warms your heart
8,I enjoyed it, but this is an Academy Award for Best Picture.It falls short of last year's Three Billboards, Florida Project, Dunkirk, Shape of Water, etc.
10,Throughout the movie, I can still feel the coexistence of laughter and discomfort
10,The movie is very interestingHaha
10,I hope many people watch the best movie
10,It leads the heavy subject humorously.
10,It's a movie where the two main characters understand the opposite of the life set by the world.  It's natural for a movie to win an award for both its story, acting, and music
8,It reminded me of driving miss daisy.
8,Even if you're lonely, there are many people who are afraid to reach out first
10,Growing Up Movie and Laughter
10,It's a heart-warming movie. The life of communication is beautiful
10,a moving film It was great!
10,I think black acting was the best
10,Very Good, a movie that touches the heartwarming movie!
10,It's calm and touching~~
10,It is a movie that I want to show students as an incumbent teacher. Everyone has a prejudice against people It was a movie that made me think and reflect on myself with that prejudice
10,A delightful film with the chemistry of Mahershala Ali and Vigo Mortensen
9,The actors' acting was also good in the movie with meaningful themes. It is a movie that I want to recommend by adding touching moments from time to time.
10,You deserve the Academy Award for Best Picture!
8,How should I express the feeling of watching a movie?
10,I don't think it's acting, I think it's really that kind of character.It's a movie that makes you feel natural without forcing the message that the director wants to convey
10,Say best and read it as Academy Award for Best Picture
10,It was a movie that allowed me to think about racism in American society as an advanced country, and the friendship between the two men was beautifully portrayed.
10,I had a lot of fun in the orange bird with fried chicken in my mouth, and I feel like I have a best friend today!
10,It's the best. Please increase the number of viewers. When you play Chopin in "Orange Bar"?, you get touched.
10,Screening please... ㅠㅠ ahhhhhhhhhhhh
1,A film that markets near-fictional recreates as true stories. It is an unpleasant touching story that is made into a movie and solved from the perspective of a white person throughout the movie even though the family of the real person opposed it.
10,It was calm and touching
10,The self-proclaimed critics who gave 6 and 7 points proved that they don't know English
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
8,Dignity wins everything.I respect anyone who doesn't let go of me
9,It's a movie that lingers a lot
8,I don't know if this is what humanity is it? A delightful friendship movie!
10,Academy Award for Best Picture Chuka ^^
10,You deserve the Oscar of the Year for a film that makes you think about human rights  However, it's a shame that many people can't watch this good movie because the theaters are limited
10,I didn't even know such a movie was shown.  We're only promoting movies with murderous violence.
10,Why isn't there a theater in Daejeon? I came all the way to Seoul and watched it
10,It's fun, the scenery is beautiful, the acting is amazing, The road movie of bromance...  Your friendship is wonderful...
10,It's really good. It's healing
10,So much fun. So much fun. Crying
10,폭력으로는 이길 수 없어요. 품위를 유지해야 승리한다.
10,I reflect on my prejudice and my expectations. Nevertheless, I didn't miss the joy
10,The perfect actor, the perfect acting, the perfect directing, the perfect music, the perfect movie _ Mahershala Ali's movie is bound to be watched
10,It's a really good movie that gives you a lot of lessons
10,The biggest twist was to find out that the movie was based on a true story on ending credit while just watching it without prior knowledge.
10,The movie was so good that I laughed all the time and my heart went blank. It is a work that deserves the grand prize
8,It was a movie based on a true story, so it was a movie that looked back on the problem of racism that is prevalent in our society with the actors' acting
8,The warmth of this movie that melts the cold
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year
10,I really enjoyed itGood. Good
10,A work that breaks the prejudice that human beings do not change.
10,A fun movie, a good movie!
10,To be honest, Aragon deserves the Academy Award for Best Actor in the Green Book, but Remy Malek got it for Freddy Chlo
6,A fairy tale of good adults.
10,Make sure to watch it. A beautiful movie that lingers for a long time
10,Who wrote, "The 2019 Academy Award for Best Picture is Green Book, and the Best Supporting Actor is Mahershala Ali?" It was written on January 9th. I think you should take the mat.I was surprised when I saw the comments when I did the academy today.
10,Film Academy Award for Best Picture Shame on Critics for Rating 7,8
10,This year's movie! The movie that will make 2019 shine! Make sure to watch it!~I'm going to come back with a natural smile and overflowing emotion~ Strongly recommended 100~ ^^
10,I won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2019.
10,It's a movie that swept the Academy, as you say, and for good reason
10,Congratulations to Mahershala Ali for Best Supporting Actor! Your acting was the best.
1,Fraudulent trash that makes a true story that doesn't exist
10,The fact that only 300,000 people watched this movie...
10,After watching this movie, I recommended it to people around me. I'm even happier that you won the 2019 Academy Award for Best Picture. By the way, how did you know about Best Supporting Actor?
10,I wanted Black Panther to win, but I'm glad that the main character in this movie is black and black won the supporting actor award. Next, I'll go to Kazua Wakanda Forever
10,As expected, when everyone was talking about Rome and The Favorite - The Queen's Woman, I kept thinking that I wanted Green Book to win the prize alone, but in the end, my eyes were right? A movie that makes you feel good every time you see it, Green Book!
10,Congratulations on winning the Green Book Oscarㅜ
10,It makes you cry even if you don't force yourself to be immersed, and then make you laugh. But it's a natural movie. At the end, you made me think that I was happy. A movie that can penetrate people's hearts even if it's not stimulating.
7,I really watched it well and recommended it here and there, but looking at Shirley's behind-the-scenes story, it was a bit disappointing, because it was different from the real story, and it was ironic that it was superior, so I won the Best Supporting Actor award!
10,We're on a pilgrimage!
10,2019 Academy Award for Best Picture is Green Book
10,I was really immersed in it It was a shame that there were not many theaters and the duration was short... I think it's a good movie~ Congratulations on winning the Academy Award for Best Picture :) I'm so happy with the most meaningful♡♡♡
10,"Bet That" has become a reality
10,There are a lot of memorable scenes.It's been a while since I left the theater
10,It was touching, fun, and music. It was a movie that made my eyes and ears happy
10,Whether it's a DVD or a Blu-ray, I hope you release it.It's a masterpiece that I want to keepIt's so much fun ㅠㅠㅠ
10,A good heartwarming movie, black jazz, music, humanism, all my favorite codes
10,It's a great movie. The blues, jazz...All the music made me move my shoulders up and down, causing damage to the seats next to me... There's no time for your chemistry to be boring, so it feels like I've been on a trip It's a movie that makes me want to keep!
8,It's pleasant and warm. It was impressive to see the two people with strong personalities being influenced by each other.
10,A movie with fun and a gentle echo!What prejudice are we looking at and judging someone, the world...I enjoyed watching it.
8,a heartwarming movie
9,[2019-1-20/13:5] I'm going to erase the color of race and get rid of narrow-minded prejudice
10,Please keep showing itIt's a movie that's touching and makes you happy
10,It's the movie of my life, and I'll watch it for a long time, and I'll be happy with your courage
9,Where do I belong? Merry Christmas!
8,It was really touching when Shirley played classical music to her heart's content in a bar of color and smiled brighter than ever.
10,If you think it's an obvious road movie, you'll get hurt
10,A touching good movie!!!
10,It was a comfortable movie. It made me feel good.
10,Look twice... I'm going to order fried food
10,If I didn't watch it, I would have regretted it!I was even more moved by the fact that it's a true story.Make sure you watch it
10,A movie that makes you think you should break your prejudice and get out of your ideas
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie^^
10,a heartwarming storyIt was so touching at the end.
10,Movies that make you happy and warm. I hope you watch it
8,the preservation of dignity. Touching.
8,a light, pleasant, and dreary film
10,It's a movie that makes me angry and cry without realizing it. You must have seen it
9,It's a movie where two opposite characters are so attractive!
10,It must be a movie that makes you think of many things. There are many multicultural families in my country. I think it is a movie that we need to reflect on and deeply realize their views through this movie.
10,Satisfaction began when I erased my own prejudices
10,It's a small fun and touching movie.Recommend.
10,I watched it with my parents and it was a good movie that was calm and gave me thoughts. I laughed a lot, too. Music is good, too. Recommend.
10,I recommend a very fun and good movie
8,It's nice to be calm.Recommend.
10,I happened to follow him and I was touched~~~♡♡♡
10,It was a good movie the whole time I watched it. It's fun, it makes me think, and it warms my heart.
9,I think again that there will be things that have not changed in modern times.
10,It's really fun. It's fun. It's touching. It's a movie
10,There aren't many theaters and there aren't many time zones, so it was worth watching I love it
10,A film that makes you think about prejudice and bigotry
10,a film that makes people think twice as humans
10,Strongly recommended ♡♡ Unfortunately, there are only a limited number of theaters that will be screened
10,The whole family Sunday movie is the best! It was a movie that reminded me of the dignity of people, and it made me feel good with tears, emotion, and love. Thank you!
10,I really found my favorite movie! There's no need for words!Just watch it no matter what!
10,a film that is neither comic nor tragic, but has a human scent
9,It's grandfather right after watching the movie.I ran to the chicken restaurant
9,The ugliness and warmth of man. A movie where you can feel frustration and hope
8,Italian uncle's growth horoscope
2,What's funny is that black or Hispanics are now racist towards Asians.
10,Please let's increase the number of theaters for a movie like this. How long has it been since I saw such a long film?The best heartwarming movie!
10,It was good to solve the problem of racism by maintaining the director's unique humor code, which is not heavy! It's a good movie with a gentle touch and a warm smile, I recommend it :)
9,It's good, but it feels like it's compatible with "Untouchable
10,A predictable, predictable movie to the end, but... A must-see movie! The top movie I've seen in recent months!
9,Not black enough Not white enough Not man enough Then who am I? They're the same actors, but they were both so cool. Tears
9,It was a happy 130 minutes! I recommend it!
10,I don't need a story like a movie. the touch of a true story
10,Please make a lot of movie theaters like this ㅠㅠI haven't seen a good movie in a long time in the world. One by one, I feel new every time I break the prejudice
10,He's black, but he's white, and he's white, but he's black.After all, they were all the same people, so there was no need to distinguish them.
10,It was a good movie after a long timeIt was a warm movie that made me laugh and think a lot at the same time.
10,It's a pleasant movie! The characters are so attractive and they make you laugh and cry.
10,I have no regrets. It's the best.
10,I booked it for my mom to watch it with my friends, and everyone said it was fun Haha
10,Howly!
10,It's a good movie that heals you.
10,A movie that gave me a warm hug because I was tired of being like myself
10,a delightful exposition of prejudice
10,The best movie I've seen this year. I think the last scene was perfect. It's such a bummer that there aren't many theaters
10,It was a calm and moving movie!
8,It's a warm and heartwarming movie
10,I want to see you again!~~
8,A good movie where there is something in the world that coexists with various values and does not change in different ways (whether it's called friendship or trust or loyalty) talking calmly with music
9,I really enjoyed it. I recommend it
6,It was an ordinary and a bit boring, but it was a warm movie
10,A great movie. At the small theater in Seoul,
8,A good movie to watch alone makes me think about the importance of family
10,I got my first dollar. I got goosebumps when I played Chopin in front of the little piano at Birmingham Orange Bird
10,It was a warm movie that understood each other, and I was moved while watching a humorous movie Aren't I two-faced?
9,Even though I was looking forward to it was more than I expected! It wasn't heavy or light. I enjoyed it!
10,A movie with a smile built throughout the movie
8,a heartwarming movie Strongly recommend
9,A film that gently unravels racism. a simple description without stimulation I loved the way the protagonist got to understand and help Don Shirley
10,Perfect... A really good movie
10,Sophisticated directing and music! It's a movie that I want to watch again
10,This movie is really touching, but I think it deals with racism very well I enjoyed it so much
9,There were some parts that didn't translate properly, but I really enjoyed it.
10,Ah...! I can't believe I saw this kind of movie 45 days after its release.I regret that I didn't see myself regretting after watching it.
9,A movie that really lingers and makes me think a lot...!
10,A movie that everyone wants to see
10,Racism is bad I can't. I can't
10,Too, too, too, good movie. No more explanations
10,It was a touching movie
10,The best movie I've seen this year is really fun
4,a feeling of not finishing one's meal
10,It's a luxury movie.I strongly recommend it
10,It was a good movie that made me think about what true dignity is and prejudice and discrimination
10,The movie of my life is touching and even interesting. A movie that makes you reflect on prejudice. I can't believe the main character was from Lord of the Rings!
10,It was touching. I'll recommend it to my friends, too!
10,I strongly recommend this movie
10,Prejudice is in everyone's hands.And the movie shows a friendship that goes beyond that.
8,Warming film changes begin from the moment one's mind changes
10,The best movie of my life! The process of true understanding and recognition, breaking prejudice through empathy, was touching itself.  delicate acting and directing skills Thank you very much.
10,Touching, joyful, warm movie
10,The composition was neat and the message was well communicated
8,It's calm, but the message is not light and bright, but it's not just bright and small and fun. In all aspects, it goes well with the right line
10,A movie that makes you feel like you have a good friend
10,I ended up seeing it twice. Make sure to watch it. :)
8,A warm and lovely movie. I remember Tony who doesn't have money but eats a lot of hot dogs but doesn't do anything bad, his wife who is moved and happy even though she knows it's not her husband's letter, and Dr. Shirley who eventually takes care of the stones Tony picked up
10,The best movie I've seen recently
10,It wasn't that hard and it was a touching movie
10,When Tony grabbed the manager by the collar, the moment Shirley drove instead of Tony... I couldn't help but be moved by the cinematic elements
10,Touching real story. Sad and sad
10,I was once again choked up by Uncle Ali's much-to-speak-but-not-speak performance
10,A movie that makes me think again that nothing should be judged by what it looks like. I want to see our children's school as a group.
10,Best Film Nominations of the Last Decade
10,It is a warm and touching movie that made you realize that love is a gift and a blessing to the brave!
10,It's the best. It was so touching
10,Even if you watch it again, you can leave the movie theater with a warm heart that you want to watch again.
1,I came to lower my GPA because it was too high. It's a good movie, but it's not the best
10,A movie that not only contains issues such as prejudice and gender, but also has humor that hits the audience from time to time
9,Good movie. I was thinking about extreme jobs and green books and it was a great choice!
7,It's easy to make it fun
10,The most immersive! Fun and touching? A movie with everything
10,I had a great time :) The lines and music were lovely...!
10,It's not easy to break down the imprinted racial prejudice, but the story of two black and white human beings permeating each other as pioneers.It's good
8,It was obvious then, and now it's invisible
9,It's a family human drama where you can feel the calm emotions of the times and humor
10,The movie content and the theater environment were all very good
10,We cannot win with violence. You have to win with dignity
10,It's a movie that depicts the friendship between the two menIt feels like we're traveling to America and watching a concert together
10,Shirley's performance at the bar was by far the best movie I've seen in recent years  I strongly recommend it.
10,He's got fun, he's got witty, he's got racist stuff out there It's a true story, and it's an autobiographical movie. It's so funny and touching
10,It's as if we're in the United States of America
10,감동적이네요!!!
10,Reflect on the third-rate Korean movies. They're so calm but they're so touching
10,A movie that everyone should watch at least once
10,I love it. I want to see it again
10,It's such a shame that there's no theater like this. It's a little funny, funny, touching movie all the time, and it allows you to think after you watch it Make sure to watch it. It's good to watch even if it's not
10,a warm friendship between status and race I'm touched. There was a time like this.
10,It's like I got a Christmas card delivered.How can my heart be so warm?
10,I think this kind of movie should be shown in so many theaters! The actors' acting was so good and the overall atmosphere in the movie was so great! If you haven't watched it yet, make sure to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,The movie was so good. The scene where Shirley suggested Tony as a road manager is the most memorable. Shirley's expression is... I hope more people can watch it
10,It was not boring because it was a music movie, and I could see how severe racism against black people was in the past.
10,I should watch it one more time. It's the best.
10,It's a movie that naturally leaves something pleasant and warm, not forced to teach, even though you think about many prejudices that permeate human society beyond just black discrimination  It's not a white director's white savior film or anything.
10,I enjoyed it more than 1% of friendship.
10,It was a movie that pleasantly breaks down prejudices such as race and background of life
10,A witty and thoughtful movie
10,Tommy like "Black" and Shirley like "White". I realized that even thinking naturally like this is prejudice. There's no such thing as black, white, or Asian in the world. No one can easily define it. I have my own "me" confidence
10,It was a good movie to watch.The atmosphere of the movie was so good and I remember Shirley's smile. It was a movie that made me excited. Like it!
10,If you're not white enough, you're not black enough, you're not man enough, then what am I?What do you think it is? It's the best
9,It is also fun to see American music, backgrounds, and cars from the 60s.  A warm and good movie that touches your heart.
10,The culture of the 60s, the setting of the film. I enjoyed watching the music and so on!
10,I saw it twice.  I want to see it one more time.
10,It was so touching and fun crying
10,I hope you all watch it
10,Fun and touching! When I saw the poster, I didn't like it because I thought it would be a boring movie, but it was a well-made movie. He's a great actor and the Lord of the Rings, Aragon. Thank you for making a good movie
8,A movie that made me realize that integration is not about trying to change, but about being alike
10,One of the best movies of the year
8,A film that shows a heavy theme lightly.
10,It's a high quality humor movie.
10,I want to recommend this movie.
9,Oh, that's Alita's black brother. I thought I'd seen you somewhere.
10,It's a movie that gives me a lot of things to think about
10,It's a true story, but it's a really good movie~~~
10,Actually, I didn't know it was this warm and fun
10,It's been 40 days since the release. 290,000 viewers!Is it the harmful effect of monopoly? The sad reality of Korea where masterpieces are not remembered as masterpieces!!!!
8,It was good. It was a true story, so I was more into it. Their friendship was beautiful
10,Kim Hye-ri is not qualified to be a movie critic
10,It's heavy, but it's full of wit, so I think it was fun and light to walk out of the movie! I went to the theater without much thought, and I felt sorry for the way out, so I went to the theater and watched it again. It also has the effect of getting closer to the person you went withHah!
10,a long-lasting film
8,I can't believe the best movie of the year is coming out already
9,It's perfectly organic
10,I was pleased the whole time I watched it, and I kept thinking about it in the heart.Do people meet someone in a relationship in the world?I thought again about how important is
10,It's a story of warm-hearted people that touches your heart.
10,It's been more than 2 hours. I'm sad that it's over. I just wanted it to continue
10,It's better than Korean movies that have been glorified in the past
10,A movie without exception, so a more perfect movie like this is a true well-made movie.
10,I watched a heartwarming movie after a long time
10,A movie that really doesn't cost much. A true story is a touching movie. Let's find out what someone wrote to his wife ㅠㅠ
10,I watched a movie that moved my heart after a long time.
8,It was good to see a good movie after a long time.It's a movie that keeps me thinking
10,Tears came out at the end. I didn't know
10,More than touching and touching. No one could leave the movie theater until the end credits were up.
10,Totally... something heartbreaking is coming ㅠㅠ It's a movie that has to be a hit by word of mouth!!
10,If you're looking for a movie of your life like The Truman Show and The Dark Knight, please watch it and move on
10,It's really the best. You have to watch it ㅠㅠT
10,The movie is just beautiful lol
10,Pianist Alita seems to be hereThinking about it, it's really funny and fun. You have an eye for artI thought it would be heavy and boring when I saw the post called Green Book, but it's really fun. It's good to make the driver laugh with his wit and speaking skills, and the pianist has a personality that doesn't know where the driver will jumpThe friendship seemed to deepenI like the subject of racism because it's funny
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,I hope there's no bigotry in the world.I hope and thank you for allowing me to look back on myself
10,After the walls of the two men were torn down, they felt that the strange parts of them, which were so contradictory, were similar. Even if race and environment are different, if I respect them without prejudice, wouldn't I be a good friend with someone at some point?
10,If you wanted to watch it but didn't watch it, you'll regret it for a long time! I'm going to see you again
10,So touching and heartwarming movie ♡
10,It's so touching~ ^^ Time to reflect on racism and love again
10,I don't think I'll be able to watch a better movie than this this year
10,It was a really warm movie and I was melted by the actors' acting and left all the popcorn. It was fun, touching, and prejudice against humans. I loved it I don't have enough stars. I want to give you more  Even if it's a foreign currency, I hope there are more time zones and theaters for good movies like this
10,a heartwarming movie Dr. Shirley's performance, especially in the rain, cannot be forgotten for days
10,I'm touched. Race doesn't matter
10,In the last five years...It was the best movie I've ever seen.
10,I enjoyed watching it with my wife.
10,It's a shame that there aren't a lot of movies that I think about prejudiceㅜㅜ
10,It became a movie of my life.Each character is alive and nice.A movie that captures both fun and touching moments.
10,Please don't watch this movie and bury the modern black people and the Floyd case.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lotPrejudice, relationship, courage, humor, family, love, friendship. I like it all the time♥♥ Strongly recommended! Perfect score!
10,Friendship film between a man who confronts discrimination and a man who gives him great strength. When you are having a hard time, you should watch a beautiful movie like this
10,The second police car scene is a heart-warming twist! And the heartfelt smile of the Doctor from the Orange Bird is not happy, I'm glad
10,It's a movie that tells you that the gap between Korean and Hollywood movies has already widened over 100 years! Shame on you!
8,Recommend a warm story with opposite characters!
10,My life movie has changed since I watched the Green Book today. If you're hesitating, please watch it. Look twice!
10,The beautiful relationship between Tony and Dr. Shirley is so authentic that it leaves a lingering impression!
10,I trusted the rating and went to the theater to watch it. I was very satisfied with Nampyo. It was worth itThanks to the weekend couple, I had a great day at Namsan Hanok Village Park  I'm looking forward to seeing you again at home in a few years with Netflix or Watcha
10,I think this kind of movie should be really popular! I didn't know how time went by, I was amazed by their acting skills! I strongly recommend a movie with a touching bromance and no regrets
10,I strongly recommend it. It's impressive and funny
10,It's a 1%(?) movie on the friendship committee and a movie that changes the position of black white people, and it's another touching movie.
9,It's so much fun.Look at this Young Ho a lot.
10,It's a movie that makes you think over and over again about the delicate lines, the screen that flows like turning pages, and the way it shows itself
8,It was so much fun.I think there were a lot of stories, laughter, and proper pointsIt would be nice to do a lot of movies like this
8,It is a movie that gives a happy impression.Recommend.
10,2 hours and 20 minutes passed by.
10,a film that shows how much prejudice there is in the name of culture and customs
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot. I think humans are ridiculously contradictory
10,It was such a good movie.
8,I was looking forward to it, so the story development was a bit disappointing, but Mahershala Ali's acting was impressive. I think it's Juyeon, but I don't know why he won the Best Supporting Actor award.
10,a film that gives both pleasure and thought
10,The piano performance is also touching.
10,I happened to watch it without knowing the story and it was a movie that received a quiet echo. It's a bit bitter to know that racism represented by black people in those days still remains and that our country is no exception ^^;; I hope there will be an equal world just because I am human.
10,Heavy theme, but happy story ^^
8,I was moved and angry
10,I also reflected on the fact that I had implicitly racist thoughts about black people. It was a well-made movie where you could learn lessons as well as fun elements. I hope you have a chance to think about the meaning of the book, 'Green Book'!
10,The movie is really good.It makes me think about prejudice
10,There aren't many theaters, so I had a hard time watching it I strongly recommend it!
10,It was so much fun It was more than I expected It was nice because it was calm
10,It was a calm and relaxing movieMusic and acting are the best!
10,It's a good movie that showed the essence of difference and fairy tale!!!
10,The movie is so good. Really... If I didn't watch it, I would have been in big trouble.
10,Hi Aragon from the U.S. ㅠㅠ Still, movies are fun!
10,It was a movie where I could feel humanism. Whenever I showed you the platform of racism, my heart trembled and I was so sad.
10,It was really the best movie I've seen this year. It was fun and made me think a lot!!There should be a lot of movies like this. It's sad...
10,It is a very interesting and touching movie.
10,It's a great movie that makes you smile and feel solemn!The actors' good performance and music are good, too!I hope it will be screened in many theaters so that many audiences can see it!
8,Looking at the shortcomings, it is not without them. In terms of good points, there are various virtues. My favorite point is that we move away from the black-and-white race problem and upgrade the issue to the rich and poor, but solve it without being forced
10,Watching the Green Book while watching the Malmoi-like Shinpa drama, it's a new world ^^
9,The theater was good, and the movie was great.
10,A warm, time-consuming movie.
10,I watched the movie yesterday and still talking about watching the movie. The most impressive movie I've seen recently. I watched it without any information about the movie and had no expectations, it became my life movie!! Tony and Shirley were so cute!
10,My parents liked it because it was a movie-like movie, so it was worthwhile to book it.
10,Vigo Mortenson's performance makes the film even brighter.
10,I've seen this movie I watched twiceThe directing is so good  The actors and actresses are so good at talking about what they needIt's a movie that even people who don't know how to watch it will enjoy
8,The content is a little obvious. But the process of unraveling the story was good.
10,It's a movie worth visiting and watching on purpose.Personally, it's the best movie I've seen recently 극It was more meaningful and fun than an extreme job
8,Throughout, there were scenes that seemed to have been seen somewhere, but they never felt cliche. A warm story that breaks down prejudice with understanding and empathy.
10,Aragon's mukbang is so good
10,There's no place to show this good movie in the neighborhood, so I drive 40 minutes to the small theater I barely found. Frankly, it's deplorable that a joke-making movie like a big galbi chicken dominates the screen.
10,It was a fun movie without being bored with music!
10,It's a warm movie. Recommend.
10,The more I think about it, the better it is
10,Make sure you watch it. You should watch it Recommendation!
10,a film that touches the heart
10,It's so much fun. No skill. Four letters less
10,I think we should do a screen quota for a movie-like movie that guarantees the screening of such a movie
10,Thank you for watching this movie
9,It's not too much, but it's better to watch it with your daughter
10,A movie that makes you happy! It's a touching movie
10,Please increase the number of theaters! I'm so touched!
10,Best movie ever! Please increase the number of theaters!
10,A moving, fun movie that lingers in my mind. A movie where I can think about my prejudice and my attitude toward the other person's prejudice. Such a good movie.
10,It was the best. I'm glad I saw it.
10,The Impression of Change in Perception
10,All right. Make sure you watch it.Look twice.
9,Make sure to watch it at the movie theater It's a movie like a pearl in movies like this these days! I was going to watch it right away when it was released, but fortunately, there is still a theater so I watched it today. I feel like I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,Funny. Acting humor. Everything is perfect. It warmed my heart and I had time to reflect on myself
10,A humorous, warm movie with a black comedy!There aren't many theaters, so I've been looking far away, but...That kind of hardship? It's a movie that didn't seem like a hardship! It's a pity that there aren't many movie theaters like this!
10,It was a really good movie. I couldn't look away for a second Acting, facial expressions, lines, thoughts... We thought about it and laughed together Strongly recommend
10,I didn't expect too much, but it was a great movie. The acting and the story were so good and touching. It's too bad there aren't many theaters or theaters. I want to share it with many people because it was a movie that cost a lot of movie tickets
10,That's good. I'm touched
10,I think I watched a movie that made my heart warm after a long time.It's like a movie that gets wet all the time
8,It was time to reflect on my prejudice
10,백인이 호화로운 삶을 사는 것은 흑인이다. 그러나 그것은 재능뿐만 아니라 용기도 필요하다.
10,Acting, music, color, story, everything is perfect! It's so nice
10,Perfect. Salty and artistic. I can't help but like it.
10,The Doctor's expression when he urgently suggests a road manager is very sad. As expected, it was touching and fun was a bonus.
10,It was touching and impressive
10,It was a touching movie. It was heartbreaking, touching, great acting, and I can't get rid of my lingering feelings
10,It's more touching that it's a true story
10,I'm touched. I hope the movie will be a hit
10,Songs that come out from time to time, funny laugh chords, movies that make you think about heartbreaks
8,It's a little loose, but I don't care
10,It's been a while since I saw a famous painting.
10,A movie that shows how people can help each other. A movie that makes people around me feel more grateful at the end of the movie.
10,I'm tired of my daily life, so I took a heavy walk on the weekend and watched it alone. It feels like I'm comfortedThank you for making me laugh happily, Eunyeong.  I recommend it. ♡ The point of when it's going to be fun is about 3/1?  Then I realized why I came to watch this movie ^^
10,What's wrong with such a good movie being unpopular? My husband managed to drag out the award-nominated movie, which was not fun, and after watching it, he said, "Why didn't the audience gather?" ^^
10,Racism is an evil that needs to be eliminated.
10,I watched the movie recklessly because there was a good review on my neighbor's blog.I lost track of time and watched it.I was able to come out of the movie theater with a good time and things to think for the first time in a while.^^
10,That's what makes me happy todayThank you Seo~ ^^ Time to overcome arrogance and prejudice...Trust beyond friendship...
10,Favorite movie. True stories, music, colors, obvious endings about historical and social backgrounds, so warm endings and lines that are more comfortable to watch. a delightful film about a lonely genius
9,Ost is good. The actors are the best!
10,There was laughter and emotion. It was really great.
10,It's a good movie. It's very touching.
10,How can you make it so calm and not get bored for a second? I enjoyed watching it. It's a movie that's not provocative to watch with your parents.
10,A movie that makes you reflect on a valuable life
10,Thank you so much When I came out afterwards, the other audience said it was really fun
8,the best way to break down prejudice
10,The best movie I've ever seen.
10,It leaves a deep impression. The main character's expression and eyes are impressive.
10,I really lost track of time...
10,It was the best. Make sure to watch it.
10,Merry Christmas!
10,Anyone can wear a movie suit that is perfect for everything
10,a movie that makes you feel good on your own
10,an attractive character A simple story without msg. a vintage screen Pretty colors. Big fun. So much fun
10,I took a half day off and watched it. Sounds like it ^^
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie that's not too much, it's pleasant, calm, and it's even
10,It's fun. And it's nice to see it calm
10,I really enjoyed it I was really impressed.
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time.  I watched it half-way through today's screening at my favorite theater. Shouldn't movies like this last longer in more theaters?
10,a calm and heartwarming movie
8,It's worth seeing
8,a film with no exaggeration and moderation
10,It's so cool. I want to see it again
10,One of the best movies.
10,It's still February, but I think it'll be my best movie of the year!It's such a shame that if you had secured a theater, I would have been able to make a big hit with a major movie ㅜㅜ
9,Stories can be common, but this soft production is not common
10,It's the first time I'm giving you 10 points. It's a heartwarming addition to watching a really good movie!
10,I don't want anyone to get sick from gender, race or gender identity anymore.
10,I could see that time, and his courage and the way they built their friendship was beautiful
9,The story development, acting skills, and occasional humor enough to impress made the entire atmosphere pleasant. After the trip, Tony and Dr. Shirley became different people!
10,I want people to watch this movie.It's a shame that there aren't many places to screen.People who would have lived without knowing if they were not in their shoes are gradually changing, and the narrow-minded thoughts of those who want to change their perception of the world are gradually breaking down. It was fun!
10,I watched it with Ddalam, and it made me smile all the time. I saw them understand each other in their different lives and protect each other until the end. I highly recommend Green BookChicken! KFC! Mahershala Ali is the best!Make sure to take a green book. I'm totally satisfied. I want to go againThis time, I'll go with the groomHaha
10,He had the power to make us excited from the first scene. I laughed and sighed and time flew by. I was impressed by the boss suit. Anyway, it's the best!
10,It was good that the movie I expected after a long time because it was obvious turned my expectation upside down.
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,I think the four character idiom "Ta-San-Chiseok" would fit well
10,I love it. It's better to get out of the familiar plot
10,It's the best movie that leaves a touching and lingering impression.I recommend you to watch it.
9,There are many touching moments when courage and emotion overlap.  It's been a while since I've seen a warm movie.
10,A man of genius's ability acknowledged reality and made me reflect on the surprise of passing by smoothly.He was treated vulgarly but acknowledged. It was surprising
10,Racism... seems to have been severe in the pastIt was a touching movie
10,I caught both the fun and the message
8,"Extreme Job" is more than 10 million, and this kind of movie is less than a million, so Korean movies are not improving.
8,It's been a while since it's been a while
10,A movie that makes you look back on yourself
10,There is no need for words. Make sure to watch it.
10,I can't believe I saw such a good moving movie at the beginning of the year! I'm sure it's good luck^^ Your friendship is wonderful.
10,Money and time were not a waste at all. A movie that I want to watch many times, even with my money and time. Music in the right place, not to mention acting. He laughed at our expectations and admired the humor that was everywhere. If this movie is a person, it's a veteran.
10,It's my first time raising my rating, and I really enjoyed watching it It was a movie that caught two birds with one stone, and the contents of the movie made me think a lot, and jazz-style music combined those thoughts and contents and gave me a mysterious feeling! I highly recommend it!
10,It's an impressive movie.
10,Green book that we must all open to get rid of prejudice.
10,It's touching. I'm glad I saw it
10,It's a great and touching movie
8,As much as I expected, the scenario unfolds, so I'm a little discouraged
10,This is a true friend is a very different, My heart was touched almost meongmeok. Jung-sim, I envy you. Recommendation!
10,I strongly recommend it It is sad that there are few movie theaters like this which is good to watch with family. It is touching The best movie of my favorite movie!
9,Controlled acting, the harmony of the characters in the environment on the opposite side of each other
9,Mahershala Ali, good acting. A movie that makes you laugh and warm against the backdrop of sad times.
9,If you think you're a cultural person, don't you think you should watch this kind of movie?Plot, directing, acting, messaging, all good! The emptiness of something made me cut 1 from 10 points given only to legendary works, but if there is 9.5, I want to give it enough.
10,It was a perfect harmony, including the color of the movie, the scenario, the actors' acting, the issue of racism, and the material that connects the actors.I should write more handwritten letters from now on!
10,Touching, laughing, lessons... There's nothing missing in this movie. I got in trouble because I wanted to stand up and clap when I was playing. It is the most touching movie I have seen this year.
10,A movie that transcends music, culture, and racial prejudice. It's an Academy Award nomination for no reason. I'm so touched. And it's based on a true story. I'll have to listen to Don Shirley's music from today.
10,A perfect movie with everything
10,It was so much fun that it felt like 130 minutes was short
10,I enjoyed watching it calmly
8,It's both fun and touching
8,It's not too serious, but it just shows the reality of the time. It's a good movie.
10,A movie full of colors. The story is good
10,I strongly recommend this kind of movieI'm touched by the actors' acting skills, reflecting most human history. It's here.
10,It was a movie that I wanted to watch again and recommend to my acquaintancesIt's so touching
7,Dinner at the restaurant for Shirley, KFC and Italian food for the audience!
10,A great movie where you can grasp the milestones of life through racial conflicts and humanity that blooms in it!!!
8,Beyond all other messages, I salute your friendship.
10,All right. Don't watch it when you're not smoking.
10,The subject is a heavy subject of racism, but... It's a good piece because it's not too much. I love the process of two different people understanding each other. It's good to see videos like traveling in the U.
10,It was a movie that sent a message about life, friendship, identity, discrimination, etc.Thank you for the long challenge of 8 weeks.
8,May everyone be happy to be free from prejudice and other people's eyes!
9,It's a movie that touches your heart!More than I expected!
10,I think there should be more screening places. It was a better-than-expected movie, and the change in the relationship between the two main characters was touching. It was a movie that made me think more about the bigotry and discrimination of people who transcended wealth and honor and all that. I strongly recommend it!
8,Bigomotenson's discovery of a whole new side. The movie does not reveal much violence or conflict, but it is humorous and pleasant storytelling, and sometimes quite comical. But it's just the familiarity that the academy would prefer.
10,I was touched and it was fun
10,It's like my life movie. I really enjoyed it
10,It's a touching movieI'm jealous of your great friendship
10,It is too bad that there should be many movies like this.
10,Best acting, best directing, best lingering emotions
10,It's so much fun. Don't discriminate
10,It was the best.Piano music is good, learning, touching, and I want to show it to my son later.It's that kind of movie♡
10,Students, please show us a lot
10,ㅜㅜ It's a highly recommended movie.
10,It was a movie with an obvious ending but not an obvious ending It was so touching
10,Make sure to watch it! It's a movie with both visual beauty and musicality
10,This kind of movie is supposed to be a hit. It's all the more disappointing because it's a really good movie after watching it. There aren't many theatersㅜㅜ The actors' acting, story, touching, probability, and immersion are all in this movie.
10,The movie of my life is fun, touching, and makes me think a lot. Both actors act so well that it seems real and impressive. ㅠㅠ
10,This is the movie!
10,It's just someone who lives on Earth together before it's a black, white, yellow.
10,I liked the humor code and the overall atmosphere of the movie was calm.
10,Blind side, untouchable 1% friendship, drama genre movie that gives both fun and touching. Best movie in recent years
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,It's a movie that makes you look back on your life
10,I saw it on the day it was released and it reminded me of...It's a movie with three beats
10,Look twice, look three times. I also bought a ticket.
10,I feel like I've been to a warm house away from the cold reality for a while.I strongly recommend it!
10,I'm angry that such a decent and intelligent person is despised for being black. The last scene, "I'm going to be alone on Christmas." But when I saw Dr. Shirley at Tony's house with a bottle of alcohol, my family was surprised, hugged, and welcomed me. It was so touching and fun.
10,I was proud of myself for understanding the lives of the socially disadvantaged, citing human rights and freedom, but I was ashamed to realize that I did not think of them as completely white people while watching the movie.
10,A good movie to watch with my parents.
10,I'm a bunch of prejudices. I enjoyed watching it
10,In the first performance preparation scene, Tony's sense of punching the stage director and then moving on to the Steinway performance cut gives us an idea of how luxurious humor the film will show.
9,Before watching the movie, I thought of Untouchable, but I left the theater and only the green book was left.
8,a heartwarming movie
10,It's a humorous and touching movie. It makes me think about the structure of American society
10,I enjoyed watching it Hah!
9,A movie that makes me realize again that the violence I have is ugly and everywhere
10,It was the most interesting movie I watched recently. It makes me feel happy
10,It was a touching movie
10,A movie that I want to recommend to everyone
10,I watched it with my mom and it was a really good movie, so I was happy
10,It's a movie that makes you know.
10,A movie that's not provocative but lingers in the air
10,The best movie...A movie that lingers in my mind.
10,A movie that knocks on the door of my heart shyly and rarely goes out. May Mahershala Ali have the honor of Oscar
10,The movie with impressive message..It's more worth seeing because it's not boring to tell stories.
10,I applaud Shirley's courage to keep her dignity as a heartwarming movie person to be sad.
8,^^ A movie that breaks prejudice and shows what true courage is ^^ Not all musicians are cultured in speech and behavior There are a lot of double cases.Anyway, it was good to hear the pianist's sweet voice and sophisticated accent
10,I sympathized a lot with Tony, a good neighbor, because he seemed like an ordinary "ordinary person" who cast hateful eyes on someone. I believe that if I can understand the loneliness and despair of others who are not different from me, I can erase discrimination and prejudice.
10,I've seen it twice. It was really warm, and I couldn't stop smiling throughout.  At the laughing point in between, all the audience laughed out loud with one heart. I hope more movies like this will be made.
8,It's calm, but it touches your heart with laughterI think it will last long
10,There has never been a movie like this before. Is this art or reality?
9,I love the harmony between the two
8,A film that melts the boundary between black and white and makes you smile. I'm glad I recommended it He let me leave the theater saying that's what he said. It is good because it was a true story and it was good to share the reviews with each other.
10,a natural film that is neither excessive nor unreasonable
10,Modern people around us also felt the best emotion by tasting stories that they could always relate to.Time to release a lot of beta-endorphins
9,It's like a zoo next to an art museumIt's so nice to spend time and understand each other little by little
10,At the end, Tony adds his house to the Green Book for Shirley
10,I was able to focus throughout the whole time and it was a warm movie
10,A reputation for breaking away from deep, clingy prejudices heartwarmingly, I felt that this film did not free me and lacked confidence or confidence
9,Am I proud of the frame of a movie or a book that thinks about the meaning of the movie title?
8,It's a bit boring. I don't feel much about racism.
10,A movie with a delightful chemistry between two men that doesn't seem to fit at all. I'm not the only one who bought KFC chicken after watching the movie.
10,It broke my heart that nobility was the only weapon I could beat. Patting Don who would have kept his place like that
9,There's a calm and good movie that lingers
10,Color gangster. Fantastic chemistry between the two men. Rich and sensuous sound. The movie awakens my stereo type that was latent throughout. The movie that made me smile comfortably throughout the whole time. Afterwards, I went to KFC and ordered a piece of hot crispy chicken.
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot! It was great.
10,I'm touched. All the time I watched the movie,
10,The whole nation needs to talk with such a deep movie.
10,The harmony of life... Touching...
10,It was a really interesting movie just with Vigo Mortensen's acting transformation, which was always an intellectual figure to me.
9,a natural filmThe actors' acting, the southern part of the U.S., and the music that I've never seen before, are all comfortable, but amazing.
10,What does whiskey mean for people who didn't belong anywhere? It's a good movie that makes me look back on my bare face that I haven't fixed until now.
10,It's fun. It was a heartwarming movie
10,I enjoyed watching it.
10,It's fun and touching
9,It was warm, humorous, and pleasant, but it was a good experience that lingered
10,I think it's a good movie. It was fine.
9,The chemistry between the two was good, and I could listen to great music, and above all, I liked it because it was warm
10,A heart-warming movie! I want to go on a trip
10,After watching movie, happy movie...It's a movie that touches my heart^^
10,Don't look at extreme jobs. Look at the Green Book
8,Don Shirley was so good at acting
10,We're going to start running again tomorrow. It's heart-warming
10,It's been a long time since I saw an impeccably good movie! It's based on a true story that makes you think about what to value in life while respecting and trusting each other while talking about your family and Christmas. A pleasant and meaningful story, highly recommended!
10,It's such a waste to get buried. The closer the end credit is, the more disappointing it is
10,a film full of calm fun and emotion
8,It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression
10,Courage to protect the dignity! And hot friendship!
10,It was a touching and fun movie
10,If you like untouchable movies, you will like it.The actors who gradually understand each other as they spend time together were also great
10,Why aren't you looking...? Look at the green book
8,It was worth watching as much as it was hard to find a movie theater
10,Two friends growing up slowly for eight weeks
10,The reason why our country is a backward country. Apart from this kind of movie, extreme job?
10,It's a movie that's full of touching! I hope I can make more movies like this
9,Happy Happy Happy 2 Mart!
10,I was touched by the story and the music
10,I'm sorry to hear you yell out Ali's identity in the rain.
10,Please increase the number of theaters It's fun
10,It's a really touching movie.Recommendation, recommendation
10,If you're thinking about it, I recommend you watch it
10,I thought it was an obvious subject, but I was mistaken. It's so touching
10,This is the best movie
10,To be honest, it's a story that you can expect, but the actors chew everything with their acting and details ㅜㅜ It's so much fun
10,Best. A movie that will be remembered for a very, very long time
10,How can you make such a good movie?
10,I was touched while watching it, and when I leave the theater, a happy smile spreads around my mouth.
10,It's been a long time since I watched a movie that really filled my heartI can't express it in words. I can't get rid of course
10,A movie that feels calm, laughter, warmth, and humanity. We have different personalities, but it feels like we get along so well-matched. True friendship with each other lingers throughout the movie. The behavior after throwing away the chicken bone makes me laugh even now.Hah!
10,At the end, tears fall~~ Even if I'm not sad, tears come out. It was touching.
10,Not too much humor, not too much setting, small twists, and beautiful music! For a true story, for two actors, the film becomes such a masterpiece.
10,Courage, empathy, values... And a fun movie
10,a heartwarming movie
8,It's fun. I want to be friends with Tony
10,It's a movie that's totally my style. I like it^^
10,Movie of my life! I want to watch it again!
10,This year hasn't even passed by February...Best work of the year ♡
10,It's touching, fun, and memorable movie.
10,It was so much fun. Tony's character is so attractive
10,A movie that makes me feel emotional until the end! More people will watch it.
10,There was a familiar melody among the songs heard in the movie, so it was an E-Mart song.The song that a person who lived in discrimination and prejudice played for the so-called high people is so familiar that it is used as an advertisement these days.It is sad that the world has improved a lot, but discrimination still remains unknown.
10,That's so nice!!!@!@!
10,Two very different people.But in the end, truth works and love changes everything. A movie that warms my heart even after watching it
10,I highly recommend it. It's humanistic.
8,Movie that wasn't even not heavy.
10,Please increase the number of theaters.It's hard because there's no theater near ㅜㅜ. ㅜㅜ
8,I watch it like a calm documentary, but I watch the last police twist, and I repeat myself to be a Merry Christmas greeting to those who are alienated by prejudice and discrimination in this era.
10,It's so warm...
9,It's not the most beautiful movie and music movie that I had no regrets among the movies I chose including last year, but my ears were happy with the occasional piano and music sound.
8,A calm but fun movie
10,Laugh more than an extreme job
10,.A thousand hearings are not worth one seeing. yes
10,The best movie ever! It was a heart-warming movie It was an opportunity to think about our prejudices.
10,It's a touching movie~~ I came all the way here because there was no movie theater, but it wasn't a waste.
10,It's both fun and touching.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a well-made drama movie. Pleasant but not light, rich feeling
10,A must-see movie. Doesn't seem to be very popular. It doesn't sell a lot of healthy food
10,What a well-made movie.
8,We all already know what is right, what is right to live right. It is just hesitating to put it into practice earlier.If there is a person who is on the right path, isn't it true that going along the same path with him becomes one strength?
10,When I felt a lot of emotion and fun in an unexpected movie... "I planted it^^"
10,It is an honor to see this movie in a movie theater.
10,It was the most touching movie I watched recently
10,A good piece. A story about Shirley and Tony that is human enough
10,Highly recommended for moving stories ^^
8,The movie that I recommended to my parents... You were very satisfied. It was great.
10,What a great movie! Recommend.
10,It takes courage to move a person's mind.
10,Yes, the movie of my life. Chicken, tobacco, whiskey
9,It was a movie about pretentious humanity equality and philanthropy in America. Both whites and blacks are immigrants in the Americas, and the discrimination they created was heartbreaking.
10,It is a very moving movie.the best work of any film one has been seen in recent years
8,It's been a while since I saw a good movie I strongly recommend it
7,be plain and plain Aragon's appearance is just amazing.
8,It was good to include the process of people changing based on true stories, but I think it was a shame because it was a small memory to contain strong friendshipIt's a work that I was really looking forward to, so I'll take out a star
10,It was good to watch a good movie all the time
10,I'm touched. Black and white.Music beyond skin color and respect for human beings
10,I recommend it. It was a good movie
10,It's the best. There aren't many movie theaters with laughter and emotion. What a shame
10,Remark Mortensen and Mahershala Ali chemistry is the best movie that makes you laugh and realize
10,Make sure you watch it. No words needed
10,It was so good. It would have been better if we saw each other on Christmas.I should see you again next Christmas.
10,A movie that makes you look back! I strongly recommend it.
10,A movie that would be good for more people to watch~ I also looked back on whether I treated others with prejudice.
9,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,I was really looking forward to it, but it was better than I expected
10,Anyone can't be good enough anywhere.So I'm going to fill it up more.
10,I'm so happy to see the two male characters' lines and emotions, especially Aragon, who was a warm neighborhood man when I was a child, Moonlight's dependable father was a model student, Dr. Shirley
10,We could always choose. What choice I make becomes my life. Applause to Dr. Shirley
10,It's a really great movie. The story unfolded heavy and calm for two hours, and the actors' acting was so good. Keeping dignity made me reflect on my attitude toward life.
10,Another heart-warming movie
10,I want to give you 100 stars. While watching today's movie, I felt that humans are the meanest, hypocritical, and ignorant. Then, I thought, "Am I different from them?" Make me look back on my embarrassed self.It's a movie that lingers for a long time. Make sure you watch it. It's a waste to bury it like this.
10,It's a movie that I want to keep in my heart for a long time.
10,I don't think I've ever felt this fresh in a movie I've seen recently. It's a really fun movie!
10,Witty and unexpected impressions from time to time
10,It's my favorite movie. It's fun
10,It takes courage to move a person's mind.
3,I saw it because the Hadu review was good... Except for the last performance scene, it wasn't fun at all. There's too much foam
10,It's a bar rice cake-like story where you don't dare deceive the audience by rubbing your emotions
9,Prejudice and bad habits are always lurking around us. I think I should always think about who the weak are.
10,I really recommend it. Make sure to watch it. :)
10,I saw it twice in two days.It's a movie that's touching and fun.I strongly recommend it.
10,A movie that's not heavy but has a hot and deep echo
1,Did I expect too much?
7,My score is 7.
10,It was touching, I felt about racism again, I felt bitter and sad, a movie that would be good to watch twice
10,It's a great movie. Both of you are really into the characters in the movie.  I think people are happier when they depend on each other, and they share what they lack
10,I highly recommend a movie that adds to Shirley's racial bias during a tour with Tony and Shirley, which adds interest to her humor
10,The quotes from the famous scenes were so memorable and the story was so touching
8,Calm, sharp, serious, and cheerful Buddy Movie
9,I'd say it's a trick.
10,There was no place to show it around, so I came to Hapjeong of Lotte Cinema and watched it. It is a movie that I have no regrets even though I have come a long way.It's the movie of my life.
9,admire the lead actor's performance!
10,Warm and wonderful movie, piano melody is a bonus
7,Mahershala Ali. Elegant and sad performance by a long black actor. A guidebook for black people in the 1960s. The existence of the Green Book itself is shocking. Fresh and calm compared to the real and cruel black slave movies of the time. I want to go to Kentucky and try KFC.
10,It was the best thing that ever showed me what genius and humanity and true courage are Mary Green Book!
10,I dare say that it is the best movie for me It was so touching and humorous. I enjoyed watching it throughout the whole time I saw you two days ago and it's lingering! It's a movie that I want to watch two or three more times
8,It was a good movie to watch comfortably.
9,In a way, we respect the director's directing ability to kindly unravel the material that can be a heavy topic to the public.
10,A film that showed their friendship, our mission to eliminate prejudice and discrimination
10,A movie that breaks the narrow mind, stereotypes, selfish minds, and natural minds and opens the mind
10,Well-made is a movie like this! It's full of messages, fun, and simple acting!
9,Fatty Aragorn was cool though.I wish I had shown that prejudice, discrimination in the past, and that nothing has changed in the present. That will do just as well.
10,I saw the extreme job after this extreme job.Green book is much funnier. If it comes out on OCN or CGV channel later, I will definitely fix the channel
10,Just watch it. I'm overwhelmed with a lot of emotions throughout the movie, and I'm sure there are some parts that aren't pleasant, but after watching the movie. I'm so full. If you're my friend, I want you to watch it
10,A warm movie that you can watch with your family
8,The movie tells us that the essence of the problem is not an event but an everyday life. The chemistry of the two characters with strong personalities and so different characters gave a fresh but deep lingering impression.
10,It was fun. It wasn't forced. It was a natural story, so I watched it comfortablyI'm craving chicken too
10,The green book poster is my profile picture ♡
10,인종차별 금지!!!!
10,A movie about courage to fight prejudice. By the 60s, prejudice against people of color in the United States is portrayed as cool, but not depressing or heavy.It makes me think again about the various prejudices that remain in our society throughout. I want to see it again
10,I'm looking for a life movie that I can take it out
10,I'm glad that I watched the first movie of 2019
10,I really recommend it. It's a movie similar to the movie Help. I want to see it again. Too bad there aren't many theaters... I want to buy an OST, too
10,Don't expect anything thrilling or thrilling. It's enough to pay attention to one's life and the lives of these two pretty good friends. I recommend a movie that makes your heart beat again.
10,I didn't watch the movie, but I felt like I was on a tour with the two main characters. It's a movie that lingers a lot. :)
10,I'm glad I didn't miss this movie
10,A really, really good movie! It comfortably dealt with the subject of depression and even touched me.
10,It's not that serious. It's funny. :)
8,There is a deep impression. a black-and-white struggle
10,It's worth seeing even if it's obvious. It's fun. It's been a while. More than talking, this has to be a 10 million movie
10,It is a beautiful and touching movie. It's been a long time since I've been able to clear my soul clear.
9,I watched it with my children and I liked it because the contents were good and I could think about it. I liked the point where I could smile and calm emotion. However, it was somewhat difficult to explain the homosexuality-related part to the son of an elementary school student.
10,It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression. It's fun.
10,I enjoyed the touching and heartwarming movie
10,I liked the warm ending because I was able to follow the psychology of the two main characters of the movie, which caught two birds with one stone
10,Ah, just watch a movie that is warmer than expected
10,Calm fun! I didn't expect it, but I unexpectedly enjoyed watching it!
10,Please let me down and look at this Are there no restrictions on screen monopolies?
8,The process of becoming friends between two people who were at odds is solved with calm emotion.The actors' performances were also great.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Life is like a trip. It is a movie that realizes the true meaning of life from a short trip.
10,It's the best movie for the elderly to watch  I'm afraid if we go to America, we'll get treated like that^^
10,The first movie of my life in 2019! It's a lot more fun than a movie exclusive that doesn't have a real forced smile. Please increase the number of Green Book movie theaters
10,I really wanted to show my boyfriend who only likes stimulating movies that there is this fun and touching side by side :) I hope it will be shown for a longer time and many people will watch it
10,It's a movie that showed human love and human life!
10,Please increase the number of theaters ㅠㅠ What a great movie!
10,It's been a while since I watched all the moviesI think the level of watching movies will be raised only if I get a poor extreme job and increase the number of movies like this.
10,Bias, courage to confront them, and audiences who are influenced by them
10,Was there another fun drama that I watched with a smile recently?A movie you want to watch again
10,A movie that made me promise to keep watching the movie again.It was the most wonderful time of the year.Because of this movie...Good, good, good
9,The story of human discrimination is not a movie story. It's a movie that can happen in real life and right around you, and it's a movie that captures those emotions very well
10,I enjoyed watching this movie with a calm smile. I really want to recommend it
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theatersI'm glad to see you
9,It was a good quiet movie for the first time in a whileBut it's a shame that the number of theaters are showing
9,I thought about the limitations of each person's perception that humans are using  How did they make the exclusive frame of thinking that I'm right and you're wrong?I reflect on what the limitations of my thoughts are
10,Personally, the best film on black discrimination
10,a film that touches the heart
10,A movie you should run to right now
10,It was a movie that made me reflect on myself.
8,I watched it with my mom and it was fun Recommendation! It's a good movie, but it's sad that there aren't many theaters
10,It's a movie that leaves a touching and lingering impressionI watched a great movie with fun, wit, and emotional feeling~~
10,The best film that's not squeezing,
10,E-Mart's ending song came out, so I looked it up and it was a Happy Talk in the musical South Pacific. I watched a very well-made movie after a long time. The music, the video, the scenario are all great.
10,It was such a good movie
10,There are many movies about human rights in American society.The content can be boring and difficult, and the film expresses the human rights issue to the audience in an easy-to-understand manner.Bigomotence actor looks forward to winning the Academy Award for Best Actor.
10,A film that is more meaningful because it does not discuss dichotomous discrimination.
10,Those ugly backgrounds...It's a good movie
10,I don't need another word. a perfect film It's been a long time since I saw a movie that satisfies my mind as well as my five senses!
10,I love it. It's a happy movie
10,It was a memorable masterpiece that portrayed a series of processes and events that occur in prejudice, sometimes pleasantly and sometimes bitterly.
10,I can't believe it. There's still discriminationBut racism that used to be ridiculous.It's a very well-made movie!
10,Heartwarming movie ♡
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. For women, the holidays are always like that, the body and mind are tired and depressed.But I was healed by this time when I watched this movie.
10,a movie that leaves a deep in one's heart
10,My father will doubt it. It went well.
10,My father will doubt it. It went well.
10,My father will doubt it. It went well.
10,My father will doubt it. It went well.
10,Mom says it's three times more touching than MamoThank you for ending the Lunar New Year holiday with a warm movie
10,It's my life movie!The process of the other two believing in each other was so touching.The music was good and I laughed all the time
10,An impactful film that brings together Shirley's inner pain and Tony's wild but warm gaze
10,I just like it. I just like being an actor
10,Beyond the bromance that broke many prejudices, the existence itself is beautifully operationalizationA movie to remember forever after Love Actually.
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters. Make sure to watch it!
10,It would have been great if the piano music was perfect
10,It's a touching movie where you can feel true humanity It was a very fun movie with a small smile, calm emotion, and great music that I couldn't think of for a moment
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I want to trust Bigomotensen and watch it
9,It was as fun as I expected. It was nice and calm the whole time I watched it
10,The best... I hope a lot of people watch it!
10,It's warm. Attractive characters. Actors. Based on a true story. It's a movie that says, "I'm happy"
10,A fun movie is possible without any stimulating material! Good movie~^^
10,He deserves to be nominated for an Academy Award.
9,I hope you can increase the number of theaters so that many people can watch it
10,Let's not just look at the surface. a moving film
10,It was a cold reality, but I was comforted by such a warm friendship.
8,Buddy movie is really fun for guys
10,It's a movie that's so fun and touching
10,It was a movie that beautifully depicts the joyous release of raceism and their friendship beyond.
10,I strongly recommend it. I'm touched
10,It's a poignant movie.The movie I really want to watch is late, but I enjoyed it because there was a theater.
8,the whimsical change of roles between blacks and whites
10,a ten out of ten movie
10,A movie that you should think about at least watch
10,I'm having a wonderful time. ^-^
10,What is the most memorable movie that I watched during the Lunar New Year holiday? I think we're creating prejudice in it
10,I really enjoyed watching it
10,I highly recommend the movie that I really enjoyed it!
10,It is a heart-warming movie with wit, wonderful friendship, and beautiful melody. I strongly recommend it!
10,It was the best road movie.I strongly recommend it.
10,Times change. Someday...
10,It was a really good movie. It was a movie where I could think about not only racism but also prejudice in my mind about others and getting to know people. I'm so sorry that such a good movie couldn't be successful.
9,They are not black or white, but the green man himself.
8,Good. It's touching. Good
10,Looking back on the age of racism
10,The content was not only instructive, but it was also good to have a chance to learn high-quality English
9,I saw you at Isu Station Art Nine. Good
8,Some naive parts are pointed out, but it was an elegant movie for me.
10,I watched the movie without any prior information, and it was so good. The characters were charming and touchingㅠㅠI was also surprised that it was based on a true story. I hope the number of theaters and theaters will increase Haha
10,It's so touching. Not only the story, but also the actors' acting and background music
10,It was fun. I strongly recommend it
10,It's a great movie
10,I think we solved the heavy subject of racism without being heavy or light
10,A movie that gives you healing
10,A movie that was both pleasant and touching. I think it was more touching because it was a true story. You'll never regret it!
8,It's warm and beautifulThat's what the green book meantI'm glad I made time
10,It's a movie that will remain in my heart for a long time.What is a person?
10,It's so touching.It's not unusual.I searched for it, made a reservation, and made it less than half the price of the movie. Top
10,I was so sad that the movie was ending.
10,Great movie! Friendship Against Prejudice!
10,A movie that I want to recommend to my friends to watch on Instagram.It was touching...Highly recommended ^^
10,I'm getting a calm impression from the movie.I haven't had a chance to think deeply about racism, but I was able to think about it again.It reminds me of the saying that there is no one above and no one below. It was a heart-warming movie^^
10,In order to change people's minds, courage is important, not just genius!
8,From start to finish, so so so...
10,It's a touching story that' but not boring
10,It's not a light material, but it's warm and the wit and music are of course great. And Kentucky Fried Chicken ^^
10,It's a comfortable movie.  I enjoyed it^^
10,I call it the best movie of my favorite movie
8,시간 보내기 좋다~
10,It was a movie that taught a lesson in life and drew fun and emotion.I'm lucky to see a movie like this in my life. I really think we'll see each other again.
10,It's a must-see movie^^
9,It's not too much PCism, but it's like a beautiful road movie. The development may be somewhat flat, but the production and acting are excellent enough to cover it. I had no idea that Tony was Aragon of the Lord of the Rings.
10,It's fun and touching, but there aren't many theaters. I think they underestimate the Korean audience. Why don't you do it often when you can make ends meet with a lot of movies like this? There are probably a lot of people who didn't get to see it because they didn'
10,A heartwarming movie. The world we live in is beautiful enough when we take a step toward others and try to understand them one more time
10,It was one of the plain, very classic films that was different from new and commercial films that forced tears and emotion. I think it's going to be the best work in recent years.
10,People feel that they are looking at the world with their own prejudices. However, the movie portrays the moment when the prejudice is broken.
10,There are still invisible prejudices and classes in this society. academic background, job, appearance, family, etc. People who compare and divide classes and discriminate against others... To be honest, there are many people like that just looking around me. Reflect on yourself after watching this movie.
10,It was a movie that made me learn how to think in a lot^^♡
9,It's cliche, but it was so good because it was cliche.
10,The bromance of two attractive characters! The movie that I wish I could have seen on Christmas was really fun. :)
10,The movie that made me think about how I would spend 2019
10,It was so touchingIt's nice to see the two characters traveling and getting close to each other
10,I hope you watch it
10,In a way, it's an obvious story and story, but it's a movie that doesn't make you cry and touches you.
10,It's a warm movie I recommend it before the winter is over
10,It's so much fun. I recommend it
7,It was a sophisticated touch, but...Personally, I didn't find it very attractive
10,It was calm, but it was so fun and I liked it because there were suggestions~~ An interesting good movie
10,It's been a while. A piece of art came out!A real movie!Yo! The actor who played the pianist is also the best actor!...I was really into the movie!It's a good movie!The songs I'm going to sing are great!It's a masterpiece! I strongly recommend it!Make sure to watch it and indulge in elegant contemplation!
10,a fun and informative film
10,I want to recommend this movie
10,I'm so touched. I'm so happy to see such a great movie
10,There should be a lot of movies like this. A movie that makes my heart ache and warm. I want to watch it again.
10,It was calm and fun! Recommendation!
10,It's a movie that permeates naturally without any provocative set-up, and it makes me feel good when I think of this movie after watching it
10,The best movie of 2019! Touching and fun ㅜㅜ
8,It was a pleasant trip Let's go eat KFC
10,엄지손가락 두 개 치켜세워!!!!
10,I liked the piano performance because it looked so touching.I also recommend watching it with my family
10,A movie that you want to watch again and again. The movie made me smile and come out of the movie theater even though my heart was broken.
10,The change is courage!Movie that I want to recommend 영화
10,Music movies are always above average, but more than I expected. Humor and conflict are appropriate, especially the acting of the two actors is fantastic. I watched it with my family, but I have no regrets. Make sure to watch it!
8,What is the identity of black ink? What is the identity of the spoon used in the stream? I was worried about forcing a dogmatic PC, but the intensity is not strong.(Of course, it's not PC-like at all.)
10,Is white superior? Is it insignificant because you're black? What sets it is not prejudice against race and color, but it is determined by the minds, actions and dignity of those people.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. a film that lingers heavily
10,Crying, laughing, and a clean finish.
10,It's obvious, but the actors' acting skills are more than covered.
9,It depicts discrimination but refers to different levels. The two people's hearts are narrowing the gap.
10,It's fast, it's fun, it's all perfect, it's got a lot of echo. Thank you very much.
9,It was like a Christmas movie. It had a story and a message. It was nice.  Racism in the South of the United States in the 1960s reminds me of regional discrimination in the 1970s and 1980s
10,a lovely film It's great to see you with your family during the holidays
10,It'll be a big hit if it's released on Christmas.
10,I cried when Dr. Shirley was in front of the mirror
10,I don't need to say anything. The best...
10,Recommended for more people ^^
10,It's a warm movie. It's fun, and it's still touching.
10,A collaboration of justice and friendship.My heart was warm for a while after watching the wonderful life happy ending
10,Mixture of music, emotion, and fun~~♡
8,A great movie...A white servant before a black man.1960s...Southern United States, it's not an easy combination.
10,It is the most elegant movie I have seen recently.I strongly recommend it
10,be full of humanityI feel emotional.
10,I was touched throughout the movieAs expected, the green book is the best
10,It was a calm and very good movie. The music is so good! His emotional acting is good.I strongly recommend it.
10,Message, acting, music. It was more than I expected. Remark Mortensen's performance, it's hard to forget. It is a bitter but deep film that seems to be applicable to Korea.
10,Facing prejudice and countless discrimination within me
10,a film with a gentle echo
9,I saw it twice. It was fun
8,It's nice to start the new year with a good movie.
9,It was touching. Please increase the number of theatersIt was a heartwarming movie
10,Enchanting work. Trying to get away from bigotry will bring us all to a healthier life.
10,Let's start this year with a good movie!
10,A movie that lingers in your mind. Make sure to watch it
10,Why don't we have a theater for a masterpiece like this?
10,It was so much fun~~^^
9,In short, it's a masterpiece. It's a pity that there aren't many viewers because there aren't many theaters. I hope you watch it
10,It's a calm movie that can capture both fun. It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,Fear of prejudice that you don't even realize. It's not just about black discrimination. This kind of movie needs a lot of theater time
8,I like this kind of movie. It's so calm
10,You can't miss it from beginning to end! It's been a while since I had fun
10,How should I live my life?The movie that made me feel it
8,It's a movie that's very touching
8,A movie that makes you think that the two actors have good acting skills
7,Tony the talkative! Tony's lips!
10,A lingering film filled with Tony and Shirley breaking each other's prejudices and losses
10,It is better than a hundred words of vitriol about discrimination than an elegant shot from this film. As Shirley said, decency always wins.
10,The movie that started calmly is touching and heartwarming.
10,It was so beautiful and elegant. There is a lot of lingering feeling, so I want to look back at each scene preciously. Although the images of racism were unpleasant and uncomfortable. It's both refreshing and bitter to see you solve it wisely. I repeatedly thought about what I would have done and watched over and over again
8,It's fun! Recommendation
10,I watched it without much expectation. It's a movie that makes me feel good after watching it. But it's more than thatThe main character is Argon the Lord of the Rings. He's so different. Watch it again I strongly recommend it
10,It's a holiday in the early morning.I enjoyed watching it. Are you worried? Make sure to watch it!/
10,Wow, really... A proper movie! It was so good!
10,Heartwarming, empty and Mortensen even better.
9,Ah Aragon. I enjoyed the movie.
10,A calm but occasional smirking, heartfelt message is heavy
10,Touching. It's a movie that makes me look back
10,I'm so glad to see you A calm but deeply lingering film!
10,A heartwarming, happy movie.
10,I highly recommend it. I hope you can increase the number of theaters
10,It's a movie worth watching. Too bad there aren't many theaters.
10,The movie that started with prejudice and made me know what prejudice is...a must-see movie
10,Shakespeare is back!
10,This movie is really cool.It's very attractive and it makes me concentrate.You have to see thisㅠㅠ After watching it, my heart feels so warm for some reason!무거운 주제속에 왠지 모르게 기분이 좋아지고 아름다운 영화네요ㅠㅠㅜ인생영화 추가용 ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's fun and touching. It's a great movie!There are so few theaters! Make sure to watch it!
9,After watching this movie, I highly recommended it to people around me. I hope many people can watch it.
10,It's so touching. Make sure to watch a movie
8,A movie that you can watch in a calm way
10,They say there's a controversy over the truth. Just watching a well-made music movie like this is healing.
10,I watched it because the rating was high, and I'm so touched that I want to see it again. There was also a comical part, so there was no boredom at all and I enjoyed listening to several great piano performances. Jazz music at the end. Wow!
10,Make sure to watch it! Tony Balleronga! The cutest character in the world. I really want to hug you I was craving country fried chicken!
7,I think it would have been a flat movie without Mahershallah Ali and had the rating plummeted. In consideration, I was going to give him six points, but I gave him one more point because the image of Dr. Don Shirley that Ali showed came to mind so clearly.
10,It was really good. Hah, hah, hah.
10,Merry Christmas!^^
10,A movie I watched recently. That was the bestMake sure you watch it
10,I lost track of time and watched it I strongly recommend it! It's a fun movie that gives both a lesson and a laugh
10,I didn't expect it to be 7th place, but it's 100 times better than extreme jobs~~ It's a warm movie^^
8,If it was calm and nice, I think it would have been better if I watched it during the Christmas season. There is a bit of boredom, but it's okay because the movie itself was nice. Aragon eats well.
10,As a person who experienced a lot of prejudice, I sympathized with it and enjoyed it
10,Best movie. Isu Art9's selections always satisfy me.
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family this holiday
8,Do you really need to do a movie like this in a small theater?I think it'll be a big hit if we promote it a little bitYou're ignoring the Korean audience
10,The lines and direction were really good. The actors' performances that made this stand out were also good. I think the director's intention is to make the audience catch the messages in the entire work and examine them. It's a movie that I want to taste again. I liked your wit, too
10,I want to add it to my Christmas movie list. It's a warm movie
10,It was a warm movie that lingered a lot.I strongly recommend it! I hope you watch it
10,Please increase the number of theaters Big Mellu
10,It was twice as fun and touching
10,It's a good movie that gave me a chance to rethink race issues and human rights
9,I was able to learn about racism once again and laugh because of the chemistry between the two
10,It's a very calm move that's rare these days!
10,It's a movie I want to watch again.
10,A movie that is fun and deeply moving without knowing how time goes by.
10,A film that makes you smile but calm until the end, while a film that makes you reflect on your prejudices and think about the dignity of dealing with them
10,The movie warms my heart after watching it and gives me hope and belief that the world is becoming a place to live.
10,A satisfying movie. It makes me happy.
10,10 points. I can't believe I got the rating
10,It was touching I hope there are more theaters
8,A good movie that flows naturally into your heart without any unnecessary or forced feelings
10,A little fun, a little serious movie
10,A really neat movie. You made it well.
10,2019 has just begun and the best movie of the year has been decided: Green Book. Please do a long run, I'll have to watch a few more times. I'm so proud of myself for watching this movie!
10,What words are needed?A movie that shows that people can meet without prejudice and become friends.My heart is still pounding because of the deep emotion and the long lingering feeling.
10,I'm craving pizza and chicken
10,It was a very touching and interesting movie. I'm angry at the bad things about racism in the past, but it's so touching to see you solve it. I strongly recommend it!
10,Even if there are masterpieces like the Green Book, it is an extreme job in Korean movie theaters. Hit and run. Pushing low quality movies like PMC The Bunker is busy...We have a long way to go to catch up with a foreign masterpiece... no... the gap is widening.
10,I saw it well. It's neat and clean
10,It was a heartwarming movie! It lingers for a long time.
10,It's so deplorable in the world where such a trashy third rate movie runs  The Green Book is a real movie! Make sure to watch it!
10,It's a deep, moving, and lingering movie. It ended without being boring than expected, and I think I watched it more happily because there were parts where I burst into laughter.
10,It's a movie that stays in my heart for a long time
8,Suitable characters, situations, and times for road movies. The scene where you face the courage to take off your frame!
10,Once again, I was surprised at the way Hollywood handled the true story. It is a movie that touches the heart enough without mixing the tear-jerking and the fiction. It would have been better if we could see each other on Christmas.
9,The movie is calm and touching.
10,Green book. Unexpected movie. It was very meaningfulThe conversation in the rain is impressive!
10,The power of each line is amazing. It's a movie that makes me think about it again.
10,Not material to do so into it that I didn't even notice the time spring ...
10,Looking at the process of making friendships through the lives of other people, the feeling that the deep inside of a human being works if there is sincerity
9,Dr. Shirley's cultivation is a weapon, a mask, a part of his unwavering ego, Chopin flowing unexpectedly in the most out of place.
10,Heartwarming movie..A deep lingering feeling.
10,Much better than the Sky Castle drama
8,I liked the neat and tidy movie
10,It's not a big deal, but it' I don't know why, but I didn't know that time went by because there were so many things I could relate to
10,The movie with the best acting and story. I want to watch it again.
8,Afterwards, you can hear KFC
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that filled my heart.Recommend.
9,It doesn't disappoint foreign films with a rating of over nine.  I was so into itIt's worth more than 9 points!
7,The movie "PC Buddy" was made by the acting of two actors who threw themselves away. However, Hollywood-style exaggerated acting and clichés did not suit my taste.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently It's a shame that such a good movie doesn't have many theaters and time zones. I hope there will be a wide range of choices for other movies as well as Korean movies and box office hits.
10,The movie of my life. The race itself.I hope that you and I are the green book of life that encompasses age, education, and everything.
10,I hope there will be a lot of movies like this that will make you think a lot.
10,It's really fun.It's different from commercial movies
10,It's calm and still lingers in my mind
8,Beautiful and cheerful piano sounds, their friendship
8,A neat and pleasant road movie.
10,It was so good. It's been a while since I got a good movie
10,A heartwarming movie
10,위엄은 언제나 이긴다.
10,Prejudice against black people and prejudice against white people.A film about an individual that cannot be defined by boundaries and territories.
10,It's a touching movie.
10,There were many moments when my heart was full of irrationality. It's a different era from the movie, but I think there are still a lot of people here and there who are worried about the old emotions.I think we need to think about whether things that we take for granted are actually incredibly stupid prejudices, irrational misdeeds
10,Please extend the screening period
10,It's a movie that resembles the movie "Untouchable".It wasn't as boring as I thought. It was really funIt was a movie that came to me with a gentle touch in the stimulating movies these days^^
10,Best aaaaaaacha the eonanner
10,It was so much fun. A life story?
10,It's a comfortable movie with a heartwarming and witty vibe
10,And movie cocktails and jazz that make you want to dance
10,A fun movie that you can watch lightly
10,I want to recommend this movie.
10,It's a movie about racism.I enjoyed watching it.There's a point of laughter.I recommend this movie!
10,I liked Chopin's winter breeze~~
10,I laughed and cried my heart out   The best movie!
10,If you watch it, you won't regret it. Make sure to watch it
10,It was such a heartwarming movie that I could feel the atmosphere of the audience in the theater getting better
10,You're the best. You look like Hidden Figures
10,That's touching ^^ Human rights, friendship, honesty, etc. make me think of many things
10,Let's abandon two dogs. Prejudice and prejudice!
10,The prejudices we have show us both sides of people who endure and endure them.It's touching to see each other harmonize together at the end!
9,It was a warm movie with laughter and touching echoes
8,Educational fairy tale or fantasy feeling for adults. It’s not too bad.
10,I really enjoyed it It's my first time laughing out loud at a movie theater. There's a lesson and a heartwarming movie
10,It's hard to find a movie theater. The theater screen is full of childish things, and it's hard to find a theater like this... I hope you can make more choices ㅠ
10,It was so nice to see a moving true story movieThe good content and excellent acting skills, such as understanding racism and differences, were great.
8,It was much more pleasant than I expected!!!
10,It's a movie that lingers. Recommend.
10,Unspeakable joy?It's a movie with happiness. It's really the best
10,a masterpiece of a different class Even though I looked forward to it after the evaluation, it's more than I expected. I want to see it again. I want to keep it.I want to recommend it to someone precious.
10,Put your socks on the TV and dry them. I eat well these days. I usually eat hamburgers. P.S. kiss the kids for me. I can feel the love dripping from every clunky word
10,I recognized that ballet is a good movie when I wash my feet with my hands and go to bed.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. The piano performance was so cool and touching
10,I watched a heartwarming movie after a long time. It's such a shame it's not shown in many places!
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that I thought of
10,I hope to make many movies like this
10,It was a really good movie a movie that has brought racism back to mind
9,I'm glad I saw it. Please watch it!
10,메리 크리스마스 신사분들!
10,I expected a deep friendship when the doctor recommended the article, but it was good because there was a message that was revealed in every scene and fun throughout. I think I watched a movie after a long time. It's the best
10,It was my favorite movie that I watched recently.
10,The movie that I reserved because the reviews were so good. I want to watch it again before I get off at the theater
10,A movie that makes a lot of emotions cross in a short time.Personally, there are so many memorable scenes that it's hard to pick, especially... Don Sherry's eyes ㅜㅜ
10,What a masterpiece. The music was good, and the process of the two slowly getting colored was so good to see. The best piece of work that really heals me. I hope there are a lot of movies like this.
10,Buddy movies like this are always touching. They mix well.
10,I didn't expect it to be funny, but it was funny from the beginning to the end
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently!
10,It's a movie that made a great memory Strongly recommend
10,It's almost like a lifetime movie without exaggeration.
10,I thought it was the end of the movie, but I was surprised that the theater was almost full yesterday. There is a heavy echo while giving a laugh. I really recommend it!
10,A movie that can feel the warmth of a person
8,All through the movie. Fun.It was fun, I watched it with a smile. It is a movie with pretty music and colors.
10,It's a hundred times better than Korean movie extreme job, hit class.The two main characters' acting is excellent, calm and sound story, and the director's directing and production are also very good.Recommendation.
10,There are quite a few scenes where all the audience burst into laughter, and I watched it with a smile without realizing it. It's been a long time since I saw a heartwarming movie. Best Satisfaction:-)
10,A movie worth watching! A movie that you don't regret! Recently, there has been no movie that makes me feel various emotions and think about it, but it is a movie that I really want to promote a lot. I think it's a movie that combines touching and funny.  After watching the movie, I keep listening to the OST. ~~
10,It's sad that there aren't many theaters. It's fun
10,If I hadn't watched it, I would have regretted it
10,It's a well-made movie with a comic and serious story. I strongly recommended
10,I was deeply moved, like a movie of my life.I decided to be thankful to everyone in the world
9,A movie that would have been unfair if you didn't watch it. Green Book after Ichak and Gavanaugh. I am happy this winter
10,A healing movie that I haven't seen in a while. Their friendship is touching
10,Everyone needs courage
10,A great movie! Let's watch it!
10,I don't need words, just look!
10,The movie is generally soft and fun, but it's good to convey the meaning
10,It's so much fun. It's full of smiles all the whole time I watch it
10,I liked the message the movie had
10,I thought the wrist snap was unusual when I threw the chicken bone I really enjoyed watching it
10,A movie that satisfies both music and story. I wish there would be more theaters. It may be a conventional happy ending, but it was even more touching and heartwarming because it was based on a true story.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie.
9,a heartwarming movie
8,It was a movie where you can feel the aspect of racism in American society in the 1960s. Also, the acting ability that deserves the Best Supporting Actor award was very good.
8,a film with a delightful twist
10,Thank you for helping me write a letterA movie that warms my heart by watching the change of two people.^
10,A film that makes you think about the universal values of the times and the courage to fight common sense
10,There's not a second to throw away
10,It's a good movie that lingers a lot. The color, mood, story, and music were all good! https://m.blog.naver.com/8adorable/221456942094
10,Wow, it's so much fun Your acting is so goodMake sure to watch it
10,I went to see it with my family without much expectation and sent it to a proper movie.
10,A warm movie... This is a real movie...Please increase the number of theaters.From Hunterkiller to all the good movies
10,I like the combination of the two that don't match It's fun. Last week, I watched The Lord of the Rings. The old Vigo Mortensen is not handsome, but his acting is good I love it when Shirley plays the piano and Tony laughs at a black bar
10,Very good movie!!!!
8,Recommend a movie that's not stimulating but resonating
10,It was good ^^ I'm going to talk about a good movie
10,He's so funny!
10,I come out of the theater with a warmer heart. I love your character, your acting, and your soundtrack
9,It's heartbreaking and warm. It's nice
10,It was good. My smile while I was watching
10,It's my first time seeing a movie twice
10,I can't forget the look I saw in the scene where Dr. Shirley said she didn't belong anywhere, and it's heartbreaking
10,It's fun, exciting, fun, and bitter
10,It was a wonderful work that proved that movies could give greater impression and afterglow than literature and art
10,light fun made of heavy materials
10,It's a movie I'm going to make time to watch
10,Fun and touching. The movie that I really liked
10,It's a really fun movieI highly recommend it!
10,Merry Christmas, Tony!
8,The music and acting were all good. It's a bit boring in the beginning.
8,It's a heart-warming movie, so it's more touching
9,It was calmer than I thought and fun
10,It was the most interesting and meaningful movie I watched recently
10,It's a really good movie to watch!
8,Dignity... Keywords...
10,I came here to see Mahershala Ali, but I came out because I was so into Vigomotenson's The chemistry between the two main characters is good. It has a family movie-like aspect, so I think both men and women of all like it^^
10,The phrase "Diginity always precedes." keeps ringing in my mind. I'm grateful to him, and his friend, for his little prejudice and rift in society, for crying out that neither black nor white is a part of masculinity
9,It will be remembered as a warm masterpiece that touched the heart after a long time.
10,I saw it once, and I went to see it again with my parents because it lingered. A warm-hearted movie ㅠㅠ I think it will remain in my memory for a long time!
10,It was a movie that I could think about for the first time in a while
10,It was so touchingI don't regret it
10,Being rejected by white people because he is black, and not being able to get along with the same black people even though he is black. I'm at that point, too.
10,I strongly recommend movies for adults!
8,I showed it to my mom and she said it was fun
10,I watched it twice because it was the best
10,I just saw Jojo and dog recommendation ㅠㅠ I am really touched by a movie like this after a long time
10,Fun, time to get out of the harsh reality.
10,I hope many people watch it
10,The obvious ending... But the ending that I wanted to see
9,It's a movie that leaves a strong impression. It was really goodIt's such a shame that there aren't many theaters
10,It's a calm but never boring movie. It's a long, moving movie that makes you fall for the piano's
10,As expected, America. The screening time was long, but it's a great story.  I think it'd be good to watch it with your parents
10,That's how they became friends. a heartwarming movie
10,Thank you to everyone who left commentsThanks to you guys, I watched this movie and I learn what the true value of life is
8,If you don't act, you don't change.Do it!
10,I thought it was a journey that was less than my partner's
10,A well-made movie, a work that gives you something to think about and touches you
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It was the best movie to meet good ideas and good music after a long time :)
10,Just by looking at the preview, it's a masterpiece...
9,It's a serious theme. It's a movie full of wit
9,A movie that points the finger at the duality of white people, but surprises me when I notice the prejudice in me that's no less than them.
10,It's tragic that it's reality and it's still heartbreaking. I think I should always reflect on what I reject from the vested interests I belong to now.
8,Black and white, man to man. Boundaries and prejudices that break down knowing each other
10,The actor's calm eye acting captures the hearts of the audience, and the solid story does not give you a chance to be bored. I think the two main characters of the movie grow together, and the people who watched it grow together. Please watch it. I recommend it.
10,It's a must-see movie
10,It's so much fun. People who like "Untouchable" will like it
7,It's a reasonable movie, but my favorite 60s American era, scenery, and heartwarming dramas are healing in my current state.
9,It's been a while since I watched a good road movie
10,a moving film with a lingering impression
9,It's a two-hour and ten-minute movie, but it feels like an hour and a half The chemistry between the two actors is so good that I feel sad that it ended quickly.
9,It could have seemed light because it dealt with the rather sensitive subject of racism in a fun and comfortable way, but I didn't miss the heavy touch... The music was my type, too
10,The two actors' passionate performances are interesting and convincing
10,Heartwarming as if enjoying Christmas with the characters.
8,White people who were not like white people of the time and black people who were not like black people met.
10,A movie that lingers in my mind~~ I'm thinking about the movie scenes and lines in my daily life~
9,I think it was an impressive movie with deep depth and a lot of lingering emotions. There was also a little fun and touching that I didn't force myself to decorate. However, the Korean movie that I was very disappointed to see yesterday has a high ranking, and it is a pity that such a movie has low ranking and many people have not seen it
7,It's a movie that makes me feel warm
9,A lovely movie that leaves a warm impression in your heart
10,Please increase the number of theaters. Is there only one theater in North Gyeongsang Province? It's not the right time, so it takes 2 hours to see it by car. I want to watch it for 6 hours in total, but I have to wait until the vod comes out.
10,My wife who watched the movie with her friend said, "It's not your favorite movie genre, but I really recommend you to watch it once." However, I was unexpectedly moved and enjoyed the fun. History testifies to how important the overall human rights issue is. This movie became such a medium.
8,I want to give more points to humanity than to music
1,Does this make sense? What? 9.64 makes sense?
10,It's lingering... Dignity always prevails.
10,A movie that only I want to watch. I hope everyone will be moved to see it together.^^
10,I'm going to go watch it one more time.I strongly recommend it
10,Prejudiced eyes and the 'do not' before it, not the inability to express. It was sad and warm. The story of two people who are so extreme that they eventually come to grips with each other.
10,Best movie for acting, directing, and music
10,The small humor that burst out laughing and the acting chemistry of the two actors were the best.
9,The movie that gave me both laughter and emotion...I support the endless acting challenges of Vigo Mortenson and Mahershala Ali!!
10,I didn't expect much but it was so touching The directing and the actors worked so well together I hope that this good movie will be shown in many theaters
9,Touching road movie!   If you want to watch it again, your humor that comes out from time to time! I hope you watch it!
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a well-made movie. The actor who played the main character. I don't remember the name, but how can each character be so different? He's an amazing actor
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The chemistry between the two actors was good
10,I saw the beginning of this year, but I think it will remain the best movie of 2019 until the end of this year!
7,I don't like complicated analysis and watch movies simply!I recommend ramen because it's fun to watch small jokes and actors' acting from time to time, but I've seen hundreds of movies in my life!I don't recommend it to those who want to Because it's a movie that's not that big of a deal It's just a PC movie.
10,It's amazing that you can draw a message about prejudice and discrimination in such a calm, pleasant, and touching way. I enjoyed the warm movie♡♡
10,We need to increase the number of theaters The best movie of my life
8,a touching but somewhat predictable story
6,I really enjoyed it. It's not a waste of money
10,The best movie in a long time...
10,It was nice to see a calm and warm movie^^ But there are too few theaters!It's a shame it's only two or three times a day in the smallest theater...
10,Their acting skills are just crazy.  Especially Mahershala Ali... It's just... Koreans would have said everything overseas if their acting skills were crazy.
10,Such a lovely movie. It shows the two people seeping through each other's prejudices on the road. It tells us that no one can be perfect and that everyone can set an example on the one hand. Dr. Shirley's fashion adds to the pleasure of seeing.
10,It was a great production where you were able to break down the prejudice that you had at the end of the movie It's been a while since I watched a really good movie
10,The acting and directing of the actors are the best
7,It was really good in the movie, but... 7 points because of the true story and the production stage
10,It's a movie that has a soft touch and echo
9,A warm movie that you can watch comfortably. It's a movie that naturally unravels
10,It's a movie that I want to recommend because it's rumored that the number of visitors is disappointing. It is a Wal-Made movie that conveys a heavy theme with fun and sincerity. Make sure to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,I hope there will be more movies like this that will bring back your humanity It's not spicy and calm, but I really enjoyed it
10,When we get to know each other and understand each other, we say we are friends.
10,It is one of the best movies about racism. It's so touching
8,A heart-warming movie!
10,I enjoyed watching it. (Laughing)
10,The actors' acting was good and the process of understanding each other was touching
10,A movie that echoes quietly. The laughter and touching moments are just right
10,I usually watch SF and action movies, but I watched this movie because the reviews were good. It's so much fun! It's really touching to see the two characters who were poles apart change!
10,The best movie of all the time!I strongly recommend it!
10,I'm craving kfc chicken after watching the movie.
10,It's a movie with five starsIt's funny, calm, and angry
10,It was fun and warm the whole time.
9,The Green Book is a sad guide to racism, but it's a fun and touching movie where 130 minutes is not boring at all
10,There was a time when it took a lot of courage to live a common sense life, so there is now. Make sure to watch it and feel touched.
9,Warm Christmas sentiments
8,It's very touching
10,It's even more touching to see it for the second time. I want to keep it.
10,A movie where you can enjoy touching contents and great piano performances! It's been a while since I watched a healing movie
10,It's a movie about race, but it's also about humanism, so it was heartwarming and touching
10,It's so much fun. I recommend you to watch it
10,It was cute and funny to see the friendship between two very different people with opposite personalities: Tony with good problem solving skills and Dr. Don Sherry, a decent, moral doctor. And it was a movie where I could feel that black discrimination was that bad. A movie to think about prejudice and discrimination.
9,I thought it was a heavy subject, but I enjoyed it more because it was released pleasantly
10,It's really fun and touching. It's good to watch with your family~~
9,A movie that makes me look back...
5,A film about black racism. The caption also says Asians are Jjangkae, who casually talks about women's hearts as a joke. I feel a little behind in the issue of racism coming up at this point. Of course, white people want to see this movie.
10,It was so touching to see Shirley, who was not part of any group in both black and white, playing freely in a black pub!
10,Good. I watched it with my family
10,Pleasant twist, uncharitable subversion!
10,That's cool... That's cool...That's cool...
10,A white driver who protects a black singer. It was a really fun movie and one of the top 5 movies of my life. Everyone's acting skills are the best...The black actor's smile is so prettyㅜㅜ
10,A movie that you'd regret if you really missed it
10,What's the point of saying it? Just look! There's no luck. It is fun, the music is good, and it is touching.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel good.
10,It was so much fun. Touching ㅠㅠ Acting is great...
10,The movie that I watched the most recently. I want to watch it again
9,Spielberg's DreamWorks movie is good because there are many heartwarming movies. It is a fun and meaningful music movie that deserves an Academy Award nomination
10,The movie is really good. It's so nice... It's so nice. I am glad that I saw this movie. I strongly recommend it. I can't express it.
10,It just feels like a warm and perfect movie to me. Humor, color and material were all good.Oh, it was really good
10,It's the best I can't even describe. Make sure to watch it!
10,It is by far the best movie I have seen recently. The movie is about fun and thinking both by directing and acting, which expresses a heavy theme neither too heavy nor too light.
9,It was sadder to see Korea's KFC chicken size discrimination (which we are facing now) than the issue of black human rights discrimination (which has improved a lot now).ㅠ.ㅠ
9,True story or not.It was so much fun.The acting of the two actors was also great.I hope it's a success.A movie that makes you think a lot
10,It didn't overflow. It was perfect.
10,KFC is the best! Green Book is the best^^
10,Following the journey of two people whose appearance, speech, and culture are contradictory, I was healed of loneliness and wounds caused by social gaze that everyone would have felt at least once. The excitement of music is a bonus.
10,The best... Two words is enough
10,It was good the whole time. It was a great 130 minutes that was not boring at all, fun, touching, not boring at all.
10,That's perfect. There's no theater for this kind of movie?
10,What a great movie! It's such a shame that the theater and the time is showing I'm going to let you watch a lot of movies like thisIt's bad that you only think of box office success!Extreme job. I enjoyed watching "The Man Inside Me", but I hope those who didn't watch this movie watch it~~^^
9,A true soul dedicated to all who have been discriminated against and buried in the ground.
9,It was a movie that would have been okay if it wasn't based on a true story, it was a calm and easy movie, and I watched it casually, but it made me think of patience factor 3 and was discriminated against by skin color in the 1960s. Prejudice is enough to break perception and build a friendship
9,It was a pity that there were less than 10 people in the theater including my group. It was a really good movie ㅠㅠ
10,I started to think more about my prejudices.
10,A movie that made me realize how many big and small prejudices I had. I once again feel that I have to stay awake.
10,I want to give him 10 points. It's a good movie I can relate to the first comment in Hogamsoon, but what's better is that the plot development in the second half of the pub is obvious, cheesy jazz-style performance, fresh with the total happening outside?  Wrap up... The prejudice that persecuted black people are always right is also awakened
10,The movie was warmer than I thought
10,♡ The strange atmosphere and inexpensive laughter code ♡ Personally, I thought the main character and Edimax looked so similar. If you like billiards, will you agree?
10,A movie that's good for both of us to watch. Materials that can be heavy or boring are beautifully created with actors' acting and music. A movie that makes you think a lot but feels good.
8,Racial and female discrimination.I liked it because it seemed like it was captured well
10,The process of changing the relationship of the characters is delicate and beautiful
10,I love the calm twist, and Tonya is so lovely. That's the true romantic
8,I still can't forget Shirley's angry lines on a rainy night on the road.
9,A meaningful, instructive and interesting movie. The development is a bit boring
10,I love the acting of the two main actors
9,Wonder> Green Book Healing
10,I didn't expect much but it was a masterpiece
10,It's fun. The theme is a bit heavy
10,I didn't expect much and went to the premiere, but the movie that made me laugh and move... It was a warm movie that made me laugh quietly I recommend it
10,Thank you for making me happy = a great movie
10,Green book. Maybe we have a green book for someone in our hearts.I think again about how much I have avoided prejudice and discrimination that the world has created.
10,Best movie of all time. Unquestionable acting skills. an excellent color
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie. The dignity always prevail. . .
10,I believe that I have the power to choose a movie that I need for my life every moment, and this movie is also like that.
10,It's such a fun and heartwarming movie.Meanwhile, Mahershala Ali's suit fit is so cool.If you watch it, you crave Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,It's really, really good. It's calm and pleasant, and I hope more people will watch it. I can't forget the line Shirley was crying.
9,a movie that is pleasing to the eye and ears
8,It lingers a lot It warms my heart
10,All the same people under the sky...It's a little overlapping, but I think it's not just a racist issue, it's a complex one. Thank you.
8,It's such a healing and happy movie, but why is it heartbreaking and bitter?
10,It's a movie that's touching, fun, and makes you think about racism again
10,It's the best movie in recent years.
10,I'm glad I saw this movie. It was even better because it was a true story, and it was really touching.
10,It's so touching.It's so strange that there aren't many theaters
6,I think I watched a calm bromance movie after a long time.The story of the work and the actors are very good here.It's a movie that I want to watch again later. It's fun ♡
9,It wasn't a waste of money It's not heavy, but it's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,You must watch this movie. It's a movie that warms my heart and makes me look back on my prejudiced self
10,I had a lot of thoughts the whole time. It's sad and it's fun...It's a movie that will warm your heart in the cold winter.
10,Everyone's story that you don't know unless you experience it!
8,It showed a long eight-week trip to the South with a piano melody that was not loud enough. Friendship between a black boss and a white driver.
6,The movie was fun, but I am disappointed that the director interpreted the story differently from the truth
10,You---- a very interesting movie. I'd like to see more theaters.
10,It's a movie that makes me reflect on myself. I remember Shirley playing the last Chopin
10,This is the movie, "The Art of the movie is...These days, Korean movies are called "Video".I hope Korean movies become more diverse and creativecrying
9,A fun and warm movie after a long time
10,It's a very neat movie. I'm so touched. Especially, I studied abroad in the southern part of the U.S. 92-94, so I was not unfamiliar with the story or scenery.I highly recommend it^^
10,I didn't expect much but it became my favorite movie
10,A movie that caught two rabbits, fun and touching. It's definitely fun. It's funny. But it's touching.
7,A movie where you can see faith in people and warm eyes all the time
10,A movie based on a true story doesn't disappoint.It was a meaningful time to remind me of arrogance and prejudice, and it was a very meaningful work to reflect on what I had forgotten.I'd like to recommend this movie to recommend.
10,I didn't expect much and went to see it lightly and came back with a lot of thoughts. I think it's a good movie that made me look back on my New Year's resolutions and plans. Music, detail, story, message, acting are all good.
10,The whole time I watch it, it's full of pleasant humor, and the process of transforming the relationship between a black pianist who lived alone due to racism and self-isolation and immigrant Italian Tony is so warm and nicePiano music and radio music are a must-see movie this year
8,Are we free now? Will I be free? I'm not like that either. But you have to work hard...
8,Their warm friendship, warmth and love
10,It was the best movie of my life, not this year.A movie where I felt "dignity."It talks about racism, but it doesn't drive all white people toward the enemy.The protagonist who tries to overcome racism is not portrayed as a great hero. It is portrayed as a vulnerable human being in agony.Cool music is a bonus
10,It's a movie with a perfect score of story, humor, and emotion. It would have been better if it had been released on Christmas.
8,A movie that was somehow worth watching. The theater is the worst
10,It's a masterpiece. Untouchable. It feels like it's compatible. The atmosphere is so nice.
10,I thought I just watched a heartwarming movie. When I lie down in bed, I keep thinking about it. It's a heartwarming movie. I hope you can watch it.
10,A warm story that smells like a person!   The actors humorously expressed the obvious storyBeautiful melody. I can't forget the lonely and sad look of Shirley.Heartbreaking history, inhumane attitude.I'm embarrassed
10,It's more interesting than black movies like "I'm a work of art," and it's more pleasant and immersive than provocative and satirical ones. I don't think I'll understand when I see movies with high ratings and these themes. I was worried that I might be sleepy, but it was the best movie I watched recently.
10,A movie that shows how many prejudices we have in the world, but tells us that it is human to escape and overcome them, and that we can have that hope again.
10,It is a witty and realistic movie about human rights and racism against black people.
10,Academy Award-winning film
10,It's a great movieIt's a bit high quality, but it's not boring.
9,The movie that makes Merry Christmas the warmest
8,PC movies should be made like this
10,I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,A movie full of jazz, alcohol, and humanity. It was perfect to wrap up a disappointing weekend night.
10,It's the best. It's touching
9,Nice people. Nice movies.
10,The important thing is to keep your dignity until the end. If you want to feel the wisdom of life that everyone has something to learn, watch it
10,I hope everyone saw it. No, a must-see movie!
10,I really enjoyed it. It's a decent movie
10,I want to see it, but it's not showing.I'll be waiting for the ㅠㅠ VOD to come out soon.
10,There's no dynamic twist, but a warm and pleasant movie!
10,I love movies like this It was a heart-warming movie
10,The birth of a film that beats Shawshank's Escape
10,a heartwarming movie
9,I thought that a true story-based movie focused on the plot rather than directing to capture the story realistically. This movie was good because it seemed to take a lot into consideration in terms of directing.
7,The music, the loneliness of the main character, the road movie format, and the warm friendship all come together to provide warmth
10,The actors' acting is good and touching!
9,A movie like Merry Christmas
10,It is a work that calmly sarcastically criticizes the black-and-white logic that is ironically prevalent in the world, although it is known to be wrong. Is it wrong to be on the border?
10,It's a must-see movie. Killing two birds with one stone
8,There was a surprise event today
10,I feel like I'm back to Christmas It's a warm movie from beginning to end
10,A movie with a light theme!
10,It's a movie that makes you smile the whole time you watch it
10,I strongly recommend that you watch it!
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that was my favorite. I was deeply moved by the changing appearance of the two main characters
10,I felt how much prejudice we had in our lives
10,It is a masterpiece that depicts the darkness of the era of racism well for people today with light laughter and emotion.
10,It was fun and touching, but neat. It was so nice
10,I feel that Donald Shirley succeeded in music and that there could be black President Obama.If you succeed, you can make history
10,A different Buddy movie... The chemistry between the two main actors is the best!
10,It's fun. The pianist actor. I think I'll remember it for a long time
2,I donated 25,000 won because I misunderstood the time.
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
9,Get rid of the extreme jobs and increase the number of movies and screenings like this; to be able to solve the obvious, obvious, boring material of black-and-white conflict so fresh in 2019... I think it's one of the movies about black and white
10,A movie that reveals the true face of white people at that time. It is a movie that made even the audience realize that they have a narrow view due to prejudice.
10,deserve an Academy Award
10,It could have been an obvious story about racism, but it's a perfectly well-written movie. It's a good movie.
10,It's really fun. You won't regret it after you watch it.
10,길 좀 봐.
10,A delightful film similar to Hidden Figures but with a completely different feel
2,Read this firstIt's not a twist in the movie, it's a real twist. hygall.com/167411108
10,I'm going to eat kfc right away.
10,I was so satisfied with this work
10,A movie with emotion and warmth. I hope everyone can see it.It's a good movie, but I'm sad that there aren't many theaters
10,This is a movie.A movie that teaches you how to live a relationship.I recommend you to watch it.
10,Make sure to watch it. Keep smiling and feeling it
10,A movie that makes you smile
5,Clichés and predictable developments
10,I really enjoyed it. He's holding it and putting it back.It's touching.
10,Although it is based on race that is not familiar in Korea, the prejudice and division underlying it is a problem that we are also experiencing. a thought-provoking movie
10,It's the best movie ever. Make sure you watch it ♡♡???
10,An Academy Award-winning film. You shouldn't have prejudice against people for their natural race, region of origin.
10,I want to see it, but I can't ㅠㅠ
10,What should I say? It was a great movieMake sure you watch it. It'll warm your heart
10,A movie that makes me feel good ㅜ.ㅜ I was healedAnd the last front door scene
10,It's a movie with Aragon from the Middle Kingdom. Praise him
10,I am so happy that this is the first movie I saw this year. The best!
10,Strong confidence in your life is impressive
10,a warm and beautiful trick
10,A must-see movie. There's a long lingering impression, but there aren't many theaters.
10,There's no funny scene, but it's a movie that you can watch with a smile!
8,Their friendship and successful black lives in those days
10,A heartwarming movie with a warm, humane, and humorous theme
10,It's the best! Make sure to watch it!
10,I didn't want to watch a domestic movie, so I went to see a movie commercial that I chose by chance or without knowing any information, so I didn't have any expectations
8,It was a calm and humane movie It was more touching because it was a true story
9,I hope you keep listening to movies like this.It's out of popularity, but Green Book is a movie that allowed me to think deeply.Thank you.
10,Make sure to watch a fun, touching, and inspiring movie!
10,It's my favorite movie
10,I enjoyed it! Hahaha
10,It's a movie that will be remembered as a masterpiece. The number of theaters is too small.
10,It's a movie that makes you think deeply about the word prejudice
10,It was a movie with a good balance and a gentle echo.
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a calm movie that makes you think a lot. Best on the list for the last six months.
8,I sympathized so much with Shirley's sadness and pain. Tony is so cold but...It's a lovely couple(?).
10,Shirley's loveliness, standing in front of the door with champagne,
8,The movie itself is a green book
10,It's my life movie. I want to watch it again and again The music was so good, too   ~^^ I'm touched
10,Good, good, good. A very impressive movie
8,a successful solution to the racial problems of the time
10,A movie that's so warm and has so much to learn.I learned "dignity" from a black pianist and "truth" and "love" from a white driver.I can't believe this is real and real.
8,Laughing out loud while watching a movie. It's been a while. A movie that's not light and good to watch It is.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot. It is also recommended for elementary school children.
10,As soon as the movie ends, with a calm feeling, I like it! I did. I want a lot of people to watch it, but I'm sad about the theater time.
10,Best movie of the year!
10,It's a masterpiece. It's hard to understand why the reservation rate is so low
10,A must-see movie. Too bad it ended so quickly
10,It was the best in a while Hahaha
10,It's a well-made movie where you can enjoy stories, music, fun, and lingering emotions It is a warm movie that I want to watch again during the Christmas season
10,There are a lot of emotional scenes Tsundere characters are bboom bboom bboom
10,I want to see my girlfriend this ChristmasThe trap is that you don't have a girlfriend. Will it happen then?
8,It's an obvious material, but it shows the director's ability well.
8,Wow, that's the best! It's the best movie I've seen recently!
10,It's a movie that will remember the two courage that Shirley showed for a long time. Courage to break the mold of the world and to break the mold of oneself.
10,I fully understand why there is a mania.I think I'm going to be a maniac, too.I'll see you again tomorrow.It's so good ㅠㅠ
10,It's a really fun movie Hahaha
10,그럼 난 누구지?
10,When you play the piano for the first time, you want to eat Kentucky chicken and at the end, you come out smiling
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently.  I liked it better because I didn't appeal to my emotions on purposely I recommend it~^^
10,As expected, why aren't there any theaters for "Chicken" Zoom in, please
10,I can give you 10 points without hesitation
9,It was fun. The actors had good chemistry
10,The movie deals with the pain of racism and warm friendship, and I really like the music because the genius musician came out. It's like a bonus because there's an eating show.
10,It was an expected story, but it was a masterpiece that was even more pleasant and touching than expected! The chemistry between Dr. Shirley and Tony, who lived a life where genius alone was not enough, needed courage
10,I didn't expect much. I really enjoyed itThe main actor's acting was really good. I lost track of time
10,Tony is so attractive
10,I recommend it. It's very touching
10,I didn't expect much, but it was fun. I cried a little at the end. ㅠㅠ It was fun! I totally recommend it
10,I like movies like this It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,The one who couldn't reach out even though he was lonely. Touching moments
10,The truth is that if you think of a movie with too much dignity, you don'tis the truth
10,It's a movie that's touching and funny Strongly recommend
10,A must-see movie. Calm emotions and lingering emotions
10,Fantastic movie, no awkward scenes. The story of prejudice, especially the last Christmas scene, is probably the Christmas evening that we really want
10,For the first time in my life, I leave a rating.It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression with good warmth with few shortcomings.Make sure you watch it. You can watch it with your family, lover, or friends.
10,It is good not to treat prejudice as a new school. the touch of a true story
10,The movie of my life...
10,I like this kind of movie...moving
10,It's a really good movie. I want to see it again
10,I watched it without much expectation, but it became a movie that I want to recommend to my acquaintances!  The movie is full of excitement and excitement with the two comedies.I was so moved by the lonely life of the black protagonist.The two main characters are the best at acting!
10,I was so impressed with my boyfriend that I showed my parents too!!! Dignity always prevails
10,Acting, music, and story were all good
10,It was hard to stand up from my seat because I wanted to see more movies after the movie. As you get immersed in the calmness created by the two, 130 minutes pass easily. It was more touching because it was based on a true story, and I once again feel that skin color is not a tool to distinguish people.
10,The story was solid and the acting of the two actors was good.I was able to watch comfortably and impressively with my friends after a long time
8,I met them in Moonlight and Lord of the Rings, and their acting is very different. attractive characters
10,Just looking at the title and poster, it seemed like a masterpiece
10,I'm a person who watches 1-2 movies a month, and the time is 130 minutes, but it was a good movie without knowing when it went. It's a movie with fun, touching, and things to think about.
10,You don't need to say that it's a perfect score!
10,The development of "Happy Song" cooled down the 100-year-old congestion... Make sure to watch the best movie of 2019, "Green Book," a movie that gives a gentle slap to our reality, where all kinds of conflicts, including local classes, generations, and gender, are at a loss. Look twice.
10,It's such a fun and heart-warming movie.It really makes me feel better.I'm glad I saw you. ^^
10,I am grateful to be able to watch such a movie.
10,It's the most realistic movie I've seen in a long time, so I can relate to it more. If you hadn't seen it, you wouldn't have known there was a movie like this
10,It's the best! It's the first movie of the year and it's so touching!
8,I think it's a movie about a heavy theme with a friendship between the two, and it's sad and lingering to see subtle cultural differences and prejudices throughout the movie
9,It's been a while since I saw him and I felt so happy
9,It's a movie that has a lot of fun
10,Good! It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's been a while since I've seen you comfortably.
10,Sometimes I laughed at the humor, and I can see that the differences between the two men are strangely melted and the friendship is building.I was moved by the courageous and undignified attitude of discrimination against people of color~It's a masterpiece!
10,It's only one movie a day, so I barely made a reservation and watched it on time, but it really catches my heart. I have no choice but to put it on the list of my favorite movies ^^
10,It's a movie that makes you happy that you don't want the time to end^^
10,It's a beautiful movie. I thought it would be a little slow and touching, but it's much funnier than expected and the development is interesting. It's calm and deeply moving. The contradictions and beauty of our society expressed through the relationship between these two men!!! I recommend it. A movie that leaves a smile on your face!
10,If you miss a movie like this, it's like losing 10-20 years. Please watch it at the theater
8,The protagonist's life of trying to overcome the wall of racism through music is regrettable, and the freedom of a friend-like driver who stands by him is very contrasting, and the harmony itself is touching.
10,It's the best. Just watch it
10,It's a great drama where your heart reacts so passionately~^^
10,Best movie acting skills I've seen lately. Nothing missing from a message
8,A movie that makes me think a lot.
10,It is a heartwarming movie.The OST is great and the acting above the two actors is so great!!I recommend you watch it a lot!
10,It's a really touching movieI suggest you watch it for yourself
8,It melts my heart in the cold winter
8,It's a calm and touching real story, so I like moving music more
10,It's a movie that makes you realize that it's me who can't take courage and reach out even if you're lonely.
10,I can't express my feelings with words. It was perfect. I want to see it again
10,Movies that I want to watch many times over time
10,This is a movie you have to watch 100 times.
10,a long-lasting movie
10,It was a movie that I watched after a long time, but it was a good choice.
8,A movie that was easy to watch
10,A movie with both dignity and humanity in a blender. Music, acting, touching
8,It wasn't too much. That's why I liked it.
10,A touching movie that leaves a lingering impression on your heart without forced tears. The way two completely different characters live together and mix their hearts, Don Shirley's piano performance, and stage settings everywhere are all very attractive.It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. I wish we had more screen time!
10,and charming characters, music and humor
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie.
8,There's nothing special, but the texture is good. I wasn't bored for a second. I didn't expect much, but it was good without any boredom.
10,It's a movie that made me laugh and think a lot at the same time. It would have been nice if there were many places to see such movies, but it was a pity that there were fewer theaters than I thought, but it was a movie that I liked more.For the first time, I'll choose 10 points.
10,I love it. ㅠㅠ Untouchable is so good, too. Continuing on, it's my favorite movie
10,I love it. ㅠㅠ Untouchable is so good, too. Continuing on, it's my favorite movie
9,This movie is awesome. Black brother is so cool
10,Among the movies I've seen in the past year, I think I saw a movie like a movie. It's a healing and touching movie. I strongly recommend it It's my first time leaving a comment on Naver
9,YONG HWA is so funny
10,It makes me feel good
10,It is my hope that there are so many people who sympathize with this movie. Beyond prejudice, we can become one. Because I'm a human.
10,Gay desperation and a nigga's thirst for unfulfilled realistic desires
10,It was such a touching movie^^
10,A movie that makes me realize how prejudiced I was.
10,Music movies are popular these days. Piano genius. Totally fascinated by crazy performance. Discrimination between black and white. But also, it was also touched by human harmony
10,A must-see movie ㅠㅠ
10,I cried a little bit
10,Until the day all prejudices disappear,
10,A movie that cries out what a useless prejudice we think is white, black, Asian, manly, and womanly
10,It's so much fun, so funny, and the story is so good. It's a touching movie ㅠㅠ Please watch it
10,It's a really good movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,I forced myself to watch the movie because of my mom, but it's a renaming movie because I'
8,The calm story touches my heart ^^
10,What kind of girl is Kim Hye Ri as a critic? 6 points for this kind of movie
9,It depicts the heavy theme of racism lightly and warmly. In a way, despite the common road buddy movie and the cliche of black and white people reconciling and fusing after conflict, the process was described in a beautiful and "dignity" without being forced at all.
10,It's more than just an ordinary racist movie. A movie that depicts a new shock and emotion with a new story. In the meantime, the movie shook the emotions of the people in the movie theater because it did not miss the fun. I'm glad that the first movie I've encountered in the new year is the Green Book.
10,Dr. Shirley, your English is wonderful
10,I didn't expect much, but it's a great movie. It's so touching and witty
10,I'm going to listen to Don Sherry's music
8,It's worth seeing, but the 9 point range is too much
10,I was moved to tears. ^^
9,It felt like I was on vacation like a movie title The natural environment, classical music, and piano music awakened my emotions Well, maybe I didn't have any prejudice left in me, and I don't know how it is now.I was able to look back on it. Kentucky chicken! LOL
10,A message of healing and lesson that seems to be running without a twist. Who didn't we live with prejudice? The Doctor and Tony's Buddy Movie, which is being released from the eyes of others or from their own prejudices.
10,I haven't seen a really good movie in years. The stories and actors' acting that make you think about many things throughout the movie. And the piano performance was really pleasing to the ear. I feel like I went on a road trip with them.
8,He also predicted in advance. The movie also went as expected. Nevertheless, the characters' sincerity was overwhelming, the production was simple, and the beautiful performance was like a gift to be taken as a bonus. The prejudice is not gone, but it is a warm movie that can give hope because there is a change!
10,a prejudiced person Prejudice that they also have. Our lives that we let it go and show it.  It can be said that the beginning of this year is perfect for the inseparable directing and acting skills.
10,I haven't been to the theater for a long time because there's no movie to watch these days, but I followed my friend to show it to me and came out with a warm heart. Remark Mortenson and Mahershala Ali's performance was good, and the neat and tidy production was good.
10,No need to say more.Really.
10,I've never seen a movie where touching, humor and music are so harmonious. I am once again impressed by the director's ability and thank you for making a good movie.
8,Thank you for the movie that touched my heart and boredom
9,A movie about big courage. Thanks to you, I felt and learned a lot.
10,It's beautiful. Movies are the best
2,A moving movie that shows the results in a typical Hollywood way.The director's morality? It interferes with the sense of immersion
10,The people who watched it with me want to see it again
9,A road movie that will be memorable for a long time
9,an unpretentious healing film I feel like I got a warm Christmas present late.
10,Do you play the piano yourself? That's awesome
8,I can't believe racism was so severe in the 1960s.
8,Was there a movie that was this simple recently?
10,The music was good and I was jealous of their timeless friendship.
6,It was a warm atmosphere that the people who watched the movie sympathized with.I hope you watch it with those who share your heart^^
10,I'm so touched. Make sure to watch it!
10,It's very, very fun.
10,White supremacy...I hope the world will come without it
9,Sometimes I laughed, sometimes I cried, and often I was moved
10,A movie that makes you smile while you're out of the theater
10,Great acting, great story. a heartwarming movie
10,A movie that makes me think a lot
10,On a particularly difficult day, I watched it as if I were escaping from reality, but I felt a lot better. I was comforted.
8,That's a good story.It's worth watching
9,It's a thought-provoking movie.
10,Vigo Morteson!the growth of an adult man
10,It's a good thing you did in 2019Make sure to watch it
10,It's too bad that there aren't many theatersA movie that thinks about racism and prejudice
10,This is a movie and this is satire
10,It's heart-warming. The best acting
10,As soon as prejudice against the white police is about to arise, it becomes a life movie with a twist that breaks prejudice
10,It's a good movie that naturally permeates and you can relate to^^
10,The most interesting and impressive movie I've seen recently.
10,It's a really good movie. It's not just about the friendship between black and white people, but it's also about social minorities in the past 90s. A lightweight yet deep film.
10,The best! It's been a while since I've seen a warm movie
10,It is a movie that I will think of again whenever the cold winter comes. It warms my heart
10,The actors' acting skills are good, funny, and good movie. It's the best movie I've seen recently
8,The warmth of moments when different people match. Like Shirley's last tour.
10,Out of all the movies I've seen recently, it's overwhelming number one... It gives me a wonderful lesson that it takes courage to make a difference.  Both of the main characters killed the smoke.
10,It's a movie that reminds us of the respect we have to have beyond blacks, whites, and people of colorI enjoyed it
10,It's a short time to deal with the long history of racism, but it's a movie that shows the hard work of the production team.
10,It is a meaningful and lingering movie.
9,Personally, I don't understand why I didn't
10,Don't be prejudiced.
10,(Based on the year of production) I think it's the 2018 movie of the year. It's a touching work with black soul following Hidden Figures and Moonlight.
9,It's a good movie that goes well with messages, breathing, and acting!
10,It was good. I was moved by the change of the main character ^^
10,The best movie I've seen recently. I really liked the movie with this message because it was my taste. Vigo Mortensen's acting was really attractive.
10,They were obviously uncivilized people, but there were both anger, emotion and lingering emotions at the time when racism seemed so natural. I was filled with memories of the past when I experienced that there were good whites like those who shouted Merry Christmas
10,I didn't know the time went by
10,A movie that everyone in the world wants to watch
10,It's not heavy, but it's heavy
10,If you're hesitating, please watch it I didn't even know the time went by Haha
10,It was such a good movie
10,I watched it twice.  Make sure to watch it!
10,It's not a forced tear-jerking movie, it's not a common and boring love story. While watching, I personally thought of "Baghdad Cafe," which seems to be because the interaction between the two characters is beautifully drawn. The humor thrown between the movies was also very funny.
10,Make sure to watch it. You have to listen to music at the theater!
10,The chemistry between the two actors is amazing. It's a well-made drama with calm emotions and laughter
10,It's a warm movie with a calm smile and emotion. I hope it goes viral and becomes a hit
10,Secondly, when I faced the police, I realized that predicting the police's behavior was my true self, which remains prejudiced even after watching this movie, so I reflected. Although prejudice will not disappear easily, I will be a person who can live with effort.
8,I can't forget Shirley smiling after the performance, and I can't forget Tony's expression looking at her with pride. Merry Christmas!
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It was such a good movie that it was sad to end
10,Courage and dignity. They gave me things to think about while watching and after, and at the same time gave me a calm smile. :)
10,The best movie of my life that wasn't boring for 5 minutes
10,Witty to capture a heavy topic
9,Shocked to learn the meaning of Green Book.
10,It's a movie I watched in January, but I think it'll be the best movie I've seen this yearHaha
8,It's touching but a bit boring...Compared to the movie "Untouchable", it's a bit lacking...
10,The movie is warm Thanks to you, I'm in a good mood and going home
10,It makes my heart ache.
10,I really enjoyed it Recommend.
10,I am deeply moved to have the luck to see this movie in the theater
10,I can't forget the performance Dr. Shirley played at the bar.
10,A director who's very good at speed control. Emotions fluttered the whole time I watched
10,1. Realizing that Lincoln is such a great president. 2. Italian tastes... 3. The black and white irony and the harmony of adapting and learning were good. 4. Watching the performance at the black bar made me cry.
9,It was half anticipated and half suspicious, but it was an excellent choice. Watching such a good movie several times rather than watching several one-time box office hits seems to be a good business. I miss you again^^
10,It showed a very moving human story.
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression on the inside after watching it.
10,deserve to be someone's life movie
10,Elegant movie! The two actors' performances and the scenery of the southern part of the United States are the best.The South was like this when Kennedy was president?!
10,Feels like a wonderful trip along a flowing river and green grass ^^ A movie that makes you feel so good. I strongly recommend it. ^^
10,It's the best movie ever It's a movie that I want to show to my child
10,The best movie in the past year
10,Thank you. I'm so happy about this moving movieI strongly recommend it
10,I can't forget his deep eyes and his piano performance
10,It's a really good movie that I want to recommend.
10,I watched it yesterday and it's really fun. I thought it would be boring, but it doesn't go boring at all and it's a healing movie that warms your heart. Make sure to watch it
10,Do you think Tony knows...? The spelling of Steinway that he wrote roughly in the car is steinway, not steinway.
10,I was touched after a long time after watching a movie.
10,Personally, it was the best movie I've seen recently Laughter and touching...
10,I think it's a much better movie than clumsy action or cliche
9,I really enjoyed it! I hope we can increase the number of theaters
9,I was glad that you didn't try to impress meIt's a movie that makes you smile
10,It's a life movie without regrets.
10,It's so much fun.  music beautiful scenery friendship prejudice love courage it was a movie where everything was combined...Shirley cried together when she shouted in the rain and disinfected the bruise.When I ate Kentucky chicken, I was really hungry for kefsi. haha. It was so much fun and touching
10,I highly recommend movies with calm sounds. Note: Mortensen is so cool, too. ^^
10,The movie reminded me of "Zooming Parrot Killing" even though I wanted to give a message while lightly solving a heavy topic
10,Discrimination and prejudice, confusion of identity, and courage to confront it
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot. It lingers a lot
10,Make sure to watch it. It's really good.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's really good.
10,I watched it with a total of seven people at the Daehan Theater. The impression of the movie remains even after filling up the entire exhibition. I recommend it. Make sure to watch it.
10,I have never seen such a precious movie recently.      I really recommend it.  I don't regret it~~~~****
10,The story, music, and acting were all good
8,It doesn't ruin a single classic storytelling, and it doesn't have an anti-war obsession like Korean movies, but... It captures fun and emotion. It is like a model answer created by balanced values and authenticity.
10,It's a touching story about how we make true friendship A movie with a pleasant element in the middle, but an uncomfortable truth that you couldn't see comfortably, and a movie that made you go to eat Kentucky chicken after the movie
10,It was a movie that I thought about for a minute and went to watch, but it was so much fun. It contains a lot of humor than I thought, and the impression within it is good.
10,It's calm but also touching. It's all about loyalty.  I laughed out loud with my friend because he was humorous Hahaha
10,It was a good movie after a long time
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,If you think of cooking, it's like a simple and well-made movie!A movie that is not provocative but calm and not boring. A movie that touches somewhere in the heart while watching the two main characters change?Haha
10,The two actors were so lovely that I couldn't stop smiling until the end of the movie.
10,You just have to trust and see...
8,It's been a while since the movie warmed my heart. The acting of the two actors is also great
9,In short, it is an elegant movie.
10,If you think about it a few days ago, it's an amazing movie
10,There has never been a movie that lingers this much in my life
10,make a person cry softly without a wringer The last bottle of champagne and a hug will solve everything. I'm going to America tomorrow, but the movie that I liked more before I went
10,I only got this in January
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Lord of the Rings, Aragon!
10,I hope you learned how to tell a story like this way. A movie like a textbook that I want to learn from Korean movies. I think there is a good movie after it is over.
10,The first movie of the year in 2019. Successful.
8,A good movie with lots of suggestions! I recommend it. :)
10,This movie is a masterpiece.
10,The movie is a touching yet fresh story and good music. It was really good.
10,There's no need for words.Look.
9,The screen quota system... What do I do? Why is the number of high quality movie theaters so low?You have to shoot 100 Korean movies, but it's worth watching.
10,Courage. After I finished watching it, I was able to leave feeling refreshed and happyA movie that I want to watch again
10,It was touching and nice
8,What am I if I'm not white, black, male?
9,a film that resonates strongly against discrimination
10,A movie that tells you when to think about racism and think about solutions
10,It was such a good movie that gave a calm impression without the provocative plot or fancy visual beauty!
10,I think it's a well-made movie that was really healing and expressed uncomfortable feelings about race in a touching and fun way It's not a part of my job. I really don't have no regrets
8,It's good that it's not childish and it's a good movie to enjoy calmly
9,Tony, look at the road and drive
10,에보니와 아이보리, 내 피아노로 나란히 화목하게 살아~
10,Best movie I've ever seen in my fifties!Make sure to watch it! ^^
10,Chopin from the orange bird!
8,I enjoyed watching the movie with my two sons who were 16 and 11 years old
10,100 out of 100. An exciting and sophisticated production that is not stimulating but also seen throughout. A heartwarming movie is the best! I strongly recommend it.
9,It's a warm movie that makes you think.
10,A must-see movie... There are some issues about directors and writers, but the movie is really good.
7,Warm and pleasant, but based on a very shallow understanding of racism
10,It would have been perfect if it had been released on Christmas. ㅠ
10,It's the best. It's been a while since I've seen this movie.I want to write a letter to my wife
10,My husband said it was fun. I had fun too. ^^
10,The best movie I've seen recently.
10,No video, no music, no content, no lines left out. Fun and touching lessons. It's a movie that lingers a lot among the movies I've seen recently
10,It was a movie that made me want to watch it again.
9,It lingers a lot I enjoyed watching it! I recommend it
10,I don't need words ^^..
10,I really recommend it! Make sure you watch it
10,It was a fairy tale-like movie.It's very warm. Thank you.
10,This is a movie! Unbelievable
10,Expanding the view of life, 2 hours of fun
8,Beautiful production delights the eyes, and good stories delight the mind.
10,I want to see it twice. The OST is also the best
9,I'm glad I watched it
10,It's a movie that captures both laughter and emotion.It's not an exaggeration to say that it's my favorite movie.I hope it goes viral and many people see it.
9,It's a real movie that captures both fun and touching moments. It still lingers in my heart
10,I looked forward to it, but it was more than I expected.
10,Touching, fun, story, and mise-en-scene are all appropriate
10,His music and acting are great
10,If you cry and laugh along with the best movie stars that don't need evaluation, you'll arrive
10,It's a masterpiece. It's worth my GPA
10,It is a great movie that experienced a long and overwhelming after a long time.
9,Differences do not interfere with human connectivity at all.
10,Make sure you watch it. It's a masterpiece.
8,A calm but thought-provoking movie
10,There's no need for words. Look... It's much better than Korean sloppy movies.
10,It's so much fun. It was the most fun movie I've seen recently
10,It's the best piece ever!!! Bigomotensen is respectfully good at acting
10,Playing the piano makes my heart race
10,The Story of a Beautiful Person
10,The best movie that started this year!
10,E-Mart should do a collaboration promotion with this movie.
10,Watch the must-see movie twice
10,I watched a good movie after a long time^^
10,I really enjoyed it There's a bit of laughter in between and it reminds me of racism again and I think it's a great movie. Movie recommendation that you really want to watch!!!
10,I saw it today and it was so good. I'm glad I saw it. It's a true story. It's so much fun and I like it Make sure to watch it haha ^^ Make it big^^♥♥
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie without frowning.
10,I hope the 2019 Academy Award for Best Picture and Best Actor goes to this work. The directing, the scenario, the actors' acting were all very good tricks.
10,That's a story that touches my heart.The acting is good and the music is good.
8,It's a good movie. I recommend it
10,Make sure to watch it. Put away the screen-exclusive trash movies and post a lot of this.
10,It was fun. I recommend it
10,It's been a while since I've seen a really good movie.
8,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It's a movie like a warm sunrise. The plot is solid and the actors' acting is good, so I'm not tired even if I focus on it. It's a great movie.
10,A movie that made me look into my prejudices. It's touching, but it's a bit uncomfortable because of the behind stories of the people who participated in the movie
10,I pay my respects to Don Shirley for his beautiful battle with dignity. The harmony between music and scenery is also a big part of the emotion.
10,Moonlight the year before last, Shape of Water last year, and Green Book New Year this year are a good start.
10,A movie that makes you feel good
10,The movie that left a deep impression...
10,I just saw it and I can't help but give you this rating
9,It's a movie that expresses the inner emotions of race prejudice in a calm and touching way. The deepening friendship between the two male characters who are so different from each other was very beautiful
10,It was a full but not burdensome enough movie.
10,I saw Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon in the movie.
10,A moving movie. A movie that lingers in my mind
10,We need to increase the number of theaters. Malmoi's exclusive trash. It's a Korean movie
10,Fun and touching. It's the best movie ever.
10,It's a must-see movie
10,A movie that has never been boring.
10,It was a movie that made me think about not only racism but also all discrimination in the world, such as socioeconomic discrimination and gender discrimination, and look back on myself.
10,It was the first movie of 2019 and it was a success! The music, the background, and the actors' acting are good, good! I liked the neat story, too~ Make sure to watch it!
10,I hope everyone, black or white, is equally recognized as green.
10,I really enjoyed it^^
9,It's the first movie I saw this year, but it's definitely one of this year's movies
10,A movie that makes me look back on what prejudice I had today
10,a film that still lingers in one's mind
10,I think it's a good thing that I saw this movie when I slapped La La Land
8,The amount of piano performance was less than I expected, but I enjoyed it
10,I didn't expect it. Good
10,This movie, a long time later, one day... It'll become a masterpiece I'm glad that I watched it at the theater. I compliment myself
10,It's a true story movie with both touching and humor
8,The answer to their mistakes can be found in them.
10,Don Shirley and Tony Balleronga heal each other in a healing road movie
10,It makes us think that we are living through such prejudice and discrimination. A simple but touching movie
9,It's not more or less, and it's really great! I think it's a movie that's touching, fun, and meaningful
10,Watch it! It's a good movie
9,This is the movie. It's not the historical, new-wave drama, the cliché dusting movie, it's the movie
10,It's been a while since I last saw this movie
10,calm and beautiful It's a heartwarming movie.
10,There's no need for words. Look, Shaggy
10,It's so touching that it's the movie of the yearWhy aren't there any theaters?That's too bad. We should increase the number of movie theaters like this.Ugh.
10,I applaud Dr. Shirley for her courage
10,A movie that you want to show your precious people!
10,The movie is really good. It's touching
10,A movie that reminds me of human prejudice and bigotry. A movie that was grateful for the existence of a small theater that allowed me to enjoy at least a film option.
9,A ballad of reconciliation and peace, wit and humor
10,That's how you eat pizza
10,A really touching and sad movie on the one hand.It's sad that racism still lingers throughout America
10,It lingers so much that I want to see it again
8,It's much better than I expected!
10,a gentle echo
10,It's a movie that captures all the fun, touching, artistry, and artistry. From the beginning to the end, I giggled, got lost in thought, got absorbed in music, and was moved... I did.
10,How is this movie only 150,000?
10,A good movie to watch twice...
8,It's just like a drama. See...
10,It was the best work.You've been so into the acting of the two actors that you can't even feel the tears flowing.
10,It's an interesting movie as it was evaluated. Actors are well-proven actors and their stories and music are good
2,Amazing. I was kicked out of the movie theater because I was late.Donate three tickets.I wanted to watch a good movie and get some healing, but because of you guys ㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that's not too much humor and warms your heart
10,A touching true story that brightens up 2019! I hope a lot of people will be with you.
10,It's a million times better than obvious new wave forced movies like Malmoi and Swing Kids. It's a movie that lingers after watching it.
8,I wish this kind of movie had a big audience
10,I want to see it again. That was a good choice. It's just a shame that there aren't many screenings
10,I'm sorry that there aren't many commercialsㅠㅠ It's a movie that you can't miss
10,A movie that I want to watch more than twice
10,It's so touching.
10,I got emotional while watching it. I hope you all watch it a lot and never have that discrimination.
10,A movie of my life movie! I was ashamed of all the prejudices in me, and I think that having dignity can change the horizon of looking at the world.The life that's most like me! That's today when it feels like the answer.
10,Awesome! I just saw it on Megabox City. There aren't many theaters, so I came all the way from home. Hmnyari! I just bought the tickets because the audience rating was high.Let's go up the charts. Why is this movie 150,000? The completion is fun and touching. There's nothing missing.
10,It's fun and touching. There's nothing to leave out. A good movie for the first time in a while.
8,It's not often a movie that allows us to look back on our lives
10,A well-made movie. A smile came out of the performance scene in the orange bird
10,A movie that makes you want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken!
9,I don't leave a lot of comments, but it's a great movie
10,I think it is a movie that contains keywords such as friendship, family, love, identity, discrimination of the times, ambivalence of humans, and change. It's better than I expected. It's a waste of time
9,The actors' performances were very good
10,If you're thinking about it, you can just watch it's okay.
10,The most pleasant movie I've seen recently
10,I watched a good movie that I wanted to hold and encourage passersby, especially teenagers, who were not swept away by the taste of the times, permeated deep into the heart.
10,It's fun, touching, and it makes me think of many thingsThe actors' acting is excellent and shining movie!
10,I strongly recommend it. It's calm and touching. Too bad there aren't many theaters. I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,I love this kind of movie. If it comes out a lot,
10,Please show us a movie like this
9,It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,Make sure to watch it sincerely!
10,It's a fun and honest friendship drama with social prejudice and very different tendencies
10,A movie that makes my heart warm and cozy.
10,be crowned as a movie of life I'll watch it one more time
10,A moving film. A wake-up call to Korean racial prejudice
10,It's a great movie
10,You must watch it
10,I watched it with my mom and it was a comfortable and pleasant movie for the first time in a while! I watched it without thinking, but when it came out, I came out happy
10,It's a movie where I still remember the lines from fighting in the rain and getting back in the car. Make sure to watch it
10,The movie was disappointing because I fell in love with it from the beginning and lost track of time. The music, story, and people were all good. I want to be a cool person who grows up like this even when I get older.
10,A movie with music, friendship, and humor. The emotions in the eyes and the small humor code between the characters leave a calm lingering impression and deep thoughts.
10,It's a sad and touching movie. Your acting is so good!
10,Bigotensen is a great actor
10,It's fun! Make sure to watch it!
10,It's not a movie that satisfies only the fun of a recent movie.It was a movie that made me realize how fun it was!I also recommend a movie called "Untouchable", which is different but has a similar feeling
8,Rather than something incredible, it's a movie that gently touches and laughs, but gives a long lingering impression in the lines and the actions of the characters
8,I really like Farrelly's movies.It was a movie that made me laugh and feel sad
10,The movie that I watched with JooA for 1,000 days. Thank you for loving each other and being a happy couple like the main characters in the movie. I'm not a good writer like Dr. Don Shirley, but I'll try and be a man who can do anything for you, even if I'm not good at writing like Tony. It is good to see a good movie on a good day ^^
10,The loneliness that doesn't belong anywhere
10,The theater showed me one a day, and the rating was so high that I thought I would work, but it was a movie that I had to give 10 points.  Especially, the process of changing Mortensen's emotions came to me heartwarmingly. It was a warm movie that couldn't be left out, including the actors' great acting and good directing.
10,I was hoping that the movie wouldn't end
10,It was good to melt the black problem naturally in the movie
10,In a way, "people's bias against black and white" seems to be a contradiction of humans corresponding to men's expediency toward "sexy women and obese women" and something to overcome.  Deeply reflecting on human irrationality over discrimination and prejudice
10,A movie that left a calm and deep impression after a long time
10,It's comfortable, meaningful, and fun^^
10,The real fried chicken is KFC. Good music and friendship over prejudice is fun. I watched it with my kid and he enjoyed it.
10,I love such a warm, calm movie. I'm gonna have to watch Alita as well because of the bonus of the lesson and the emotionI was so happy with the good movie♥
10,It's a movie where we understand and learn from each other. I was impressed!
10,It's a great movie I hope there will be many movies like this ㅠㅠ
9,It was a calm movie that touched my heart!
10,Facing our Pride and Prejudice
10,I enjoyed watching it^^
10,Dignity wins! Courage changes!
10,A movie with fun, touching lessons, and music
10,I really liked the movie, which has a calm yet heavy echo.
10,It's so good that I can't help but write a review
10,You did a great job! It makes me think a lot
9,A movie that touches me as much as I expected, I had chicken and beer afterwards.
10,It's fun. It's a movie that leaves a lingering impressionably
10,Even though the reality was added, I think it was well directed without overdoing it.
10,It was heartwarming to deal with the heavy theme of racism calmly.
10,a film that touches the heart
10,You should definitely watch it For sure
10,You should definitely watch it For sure
8,It would have been nice if I only cared about the movie ㅠㅠ production that made me feel so good after watching it. ㅠㅠ
10,I recommend it to those who were happy after watching "Untouchable". I'm touched by the beautiful friendship that crosses black and white.
9,I heard it was a funny and sad movie, so I was nervous and took tissues, but I didn't use tissues that much LOL But it's touching and good to think about racism again
10,It's rich in stories, and it made me realize a wonderful life
10,This kind of movie should be popular ㅜㅜ
10,It was a calm and heartwarming movie Recommend.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie
8,It's a good movie. Farrelly's directing is also good to keep the audience focused without unreasonable episodes.
10,It's very fun. Your acting is good, too
9,That's neat. I wish I had seen you during the Christmas season
10,I really enjoyed watching it
10,This kind of movie has to be a hit.
10,I enjoyed watching it.  Around the end, the scene of playing classical music in the pub was really touching.
10,I was happy the whole time.
10,It's my first movie this year, and the music is so good. I enjoyed the ending It was a relief that I was able to see you at the movie theater
10,How old are you, Chun Jung-heun?
10,The best movie ever! A movie full of fun, touching moments and lessons!
10,It was heart-warming and realistic, but it was definitely a heart-warming movie^-^ Merry Christmas ♡
10,I really enjoyed watching it I recommend it
10,I don't understand why this kind of movie is outside the top 10.It's a beautiful and exciting movie. I strongly recommend it
10,I feel like I read a literature book, a history book, and a humanities. It was a good time for me to be touched and have fun.
10,It was really fun and it's a movie that teaches a lesson. I recommend it. :)
10,It was based on discrimination, so I thought it would be heavy and shed tears, but it was pleasant and it was good to solve it. It's a funny movie where you think the two actors go well together!
10,It's a movie that makes you think a lot
10,It's a moving movie.
8,It was so touching and nice. I couldn't stop laughing and it was beautiful
10,ㅠㅠ It was a warm movie, though it was uncomfortable dealing with black people It's my first movie of the year and I think I made a good choice. I'm satisfied!
10,The movie that really lingers until the end. The movie that made us realize that we are in prejudice at the end. If it was released on Christmas, I think I would have watched it more
10,It's totally awesome. I'm so touched.
8,It's a story that can be boring, but the comic elements in between were good, and it was a fun movie without being bored. It's a heartwarming movie with good acting by two calm actors.
10,The time I was able to look back on myself
8,The colors are pretty and the people are pretty. It's fun ^^
8,It's a heart-warming movie
10,In a way, it was more touching than Bohemian Rhapsody. I was so touched that I should bring my mom to see it again. It's still lingering
10,Tears don't flow down, but it's warm all the time.  It's such a shame that there aren't many theaters I write it with the hope that a lot of people will see it
10,My father is running a movie theater, and my father invited my grandmother, grandfather, and I to the theater, so I watched the movie and it was really fun.
10,a touching film about racism in modern American history
10,a sad story told in a calm manner
10,I got goosebumps when I watched it. It was a movie that lingered in a long time
10,I want to be me. That's who I am and makes me feel free and sincere. However, Korean society is mainstream and values universal things. It is not only right to be mainstream and universal. In history textbooks, the word "free from liberal democracy to democracy" disappears.
10,I was sad because I was laughing and watched it I hope human rights of people of color will be more equal
10,It's so calm and still that it leaves a deep impression
10,That's cool. That was a good job
10,The true friendship that we had while we were bickering and getting to know each other. A movie that's more touching because it's a true story.
10,It's a fun movie with a ringing sound. I strongly recommend it.
10,It will be one of the best movies of my life.
10,It's the most impressive and funny movie I've seen recently. It's a very humane movie with a natural racist content
4,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,The best movie of the year, Aragon is the best
8,It's easy to like
10,Mahershala is a good actor who makes you think a lot just by looking at her face in a given situation
10,It was a movie that didn't need words
10,The sad eyes behind Don Shirley's smile remain in my mind. It's a good movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,Manners make people
10,Manners make people
10,It's so much fun! My prejudice against real black people has changed!
10,A movie that won with a deep humanity without provocative scenes of violence. I strongly recommend it
10,It's like a different version of "Untouchable." It was a very impressive and warm movie.
10,It was so much better than I thought ㅠㅠ
10,At that time, when black people who were discriminated against were not able to gain freedom by any struggle, I thought that white people who ignored and suppressed black people realized their contradictions and made mistakes. It's really nice
10,Please increase the number of theaters. ㅠㅠ This kind of movie should be released
10,That's the best. This is a movie. No words needed
10,It's a good movie to watch when you need healing and are tired of people
10,It's a pity that such a good movie has few visitors
10,If you don't need words, this is the real movie! Make sure to watch it!
9,a film featuring the chemistry between the two main characters Meaningful echoes based on true stories. The process of being attracted to each other.
10,That was an unforgettable line and acting
10,I really enjoyed watching it.  I think we need to increase the number of movie theaters. The story is so good and I'm gradually moved from beginning to end. It was the best movie ever! so that more people can see it.
10,It's a movie that lingers deeply. At that time, I came to think a little bit about the lives of black people. The process of Tony changing little by little and the scene of the two interacting was both good. A movie that I really want to watch again.
10,It was a movie that touched me with true friendship and unbiased perspective.
9,Will the discrimination always end? I hate it.I recommend movies
10,It's the best movie ever. I watched it alone and with my mother.
9,A movie with a pleasant and deep message. I want to recommend it to everyone around me
10,Why aren't you watching? It's been a long time since I had a lot of thoughts and left a deep impression on me
10,First movie of my life in 2019...
8,If you haven't watched "Green Book", it's a good idea to watch it. Highly recommended! It's a movie that's warm, touching, and has a message. The main characters' acting is also great^^ It's a small but definite happiness today
10,It's a movie that's fun and makes you think
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently. It's a good movie. I would like to replace my review by telling you to go and see it in person rather than writing comments in a flurry.
10,Movies that will remain in your life. Movies that you want to let precious people know
10,The story of someone in the past who is still connected. I enjoyed it very much. :)
10,How lovely!
10,It's a moving movie
10,Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
10,A good movie all the time. Thank you, Tony
8,I had high expectations, but I enjoyed watching it with the audience
10,Please look... Please increase the number of theaters
10,I hope you watch a movie with a calm and moving feeling.The witty and warm lines and stories make you laugh and move throughout the whole time.
10,The absurd phenomenon of discrimination, which is accepted as a matter of course, has been easily realized. Please increase the number of theaters for acting 10, directing 10, music 10, scenario 10! (We easily solved heavy and uncomfortable subjects, who will be discriminated against now in 2019?)
8,A movie that makes you smile and poke your pain. I wanted to hug Shirley, who did not belong to either white or black, like Dolores.
10,The reason why I can say that my hobby is movies. I think I'll watch the green book every Christmas.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie about cold discrimination in the warmest way. Thank you
10,It's not a mistake, it's not a mistake, but I can feel how sad prejudice is
10,Then it is sad that the movie disappears quietly because there is no theater. The movie that moved me and made me think about it
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's a movie that gives you a lot of thoughts and impressions
10,A meaningful, enjoyable, touching movie
10,A movie that was touching in many ways, and it was frustrating.
9,Two hours of heart-warming movies that show what racism is, it's not boringI enjoyed it
10,Don't judge a book by its cover. It's so much fun
10,I didn't know it would be this fun. I strongly recommend it. I want to pay more, let alone refund. ^^*
9,It's a heart-warming movieMe, you, and the story that we can be
10,It's a great movie. I didn't expect much, but people's reviews were so good that I went in without looking at anything. The actor who acted the funny parts well and the storyline are all perfect! It made my day happy
10,Prejudice comes from bigotry.
10,I recommend a movie with good flow
9,solve with humor and wit without seriousness Remark Mortenson's pizza scene is hilarious. I cheer for this beautiful movie in my heart.
10,It was so touching!  I was so immersed that I didn't know how two hours went by. I want to recommend it to people around me. It was time to think about racism again.
8,The ensemble of the two who lived completely different lives
9,I agree it's super fun. Green book, hooray, hooray!
10,It would have been better if there were more theaters. Perfect movie
10,Save their parrot. A movie worth 10 points.
10,It's touching even for us, but it's a must-see movie for Americans, especially white people
10,I recommend it to everyone who is ignored and discriminated against due to different messages of deep emotion that pass through time to us in this era.  It's been a really long time since I saw all the movies. ^^
10,I really enjoyed it It's a movie that makes you feel something
10,The green book is not a guidebook, but a letter to Valeronga and his wife
10,It's calm and heart-warming. It's a great movie!
10,A movie with a lot of details. I highly recommend it!
9,I suddenly wanted to watch the movie so much that I thought it would be worth watching after seeing the movie ticket, but two hours went by so quickly. The actors' acting, music, and composition were all perfect. If I played the piano at the end, I would have given 10 points. I ate chicken with my friend afterwardslol
9,A true friendship story between a prejudiced person and a prejudiced person due to prejudice. It is both heavy and neat.
10,It's a very strongly recommended winter night
10,If you like jazz classical music, I recommend it
10,Remark: Mortensen's acting is the best! The movie has good music and leaves a lot of lingering feelings. I want to see you again.
10,The last officer is so cool. Merry Christmas, gentleman
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that was more fun and touching than I expected
10,The way we eat canker fried chicken in our hands is like eating popcorn at a movie theater. It makes us laugh because we're smiling. It snows heavily. It doesn't have to rain but it's still sunny. It gives us a sense of sadness and healing
10,The person who plays the cello looks like Mayor Park Won-soon
10,If you are moved by the 1% friendship, you must see it. You can feel joy, laughter, joy, and warmth beyond touching. It is the best movie of 2019. Ten points for nothing. There are 1% of OOOs who gave 'one point'.  I know. Chin Lee Myung Bak swing...OOO's law of a certain amount
10,Green Green~ It's a movie that makes you laugh and listen to music at some point, but you can meet it comfortably without exaggerationAn actor you can trust and watch. As expected, I strongly recommend it
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.It was warm and pleasant.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.It was warm and pleasant.
10,It's a moving movie. It's been a while since I saw a moving movie
10,It's warm. But it's not light. What's the point of saying?
10,When I heard the first piano performance after going to see it without any information, I was so embarrassed and scared of myself. Discrimination is deep in the unconscious. I'm also worried that I'm getting dull of this discrimination.
10,A movie that makes me feel good
10,I really really enjoyed it. It lingers in my mind and makes me look back on it.
10,If you don't watch this, you'll miss out on your life's work!
10,It's my first time leaving a movie review It's my favorite movie. It's touching. I like the piano in between. It lingers in my mindI learned a lot
8,It wasn't a bad movie. It may be different from the real thing because it is based on a book written from the perspective of floating.
9,A movie that tells you what Dignity is and why it's necessary and important to have it
8,It was fun, but it was 1% short. But it's much better than a movie that's just provocative.
10,A movie about prejudice, discrimination, and friendship
6,I enjoyed it. It's a movie that leads the story with the main character's charm
10,I watched it comfortably and I was touched.
10,Good. Good. Good. Good
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun. Just watch it
10,If the movie is long, it's long, but it's not boring at all. It's an obvious lesson topic. It's also a fun and serious story about racism
9,If you think before you talk, you'll talk less
10,It's another touching moment after "Untouchable"
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that was not a box office hit
10,I really enjoyed it It's very touching.
10,Make sure to watch it! Top
10,I want to watch this movie again. Eating chicken and beer
10,A movie that smells like a cool and cool person! The role of a husband!    The role of a wife!There's a lot of fun and feelingsMake sure to watch it!
10,The story of overcoming discrimination and differences and understanding and acknowledging each other is very impressive. I would like to express my admiration for a moving work that awakens humanity's universal human rights consciousness beyond racial conflict.
10,I didn't know I was treated so discriminated against.It was a good movie. I pay tribute to the first person to make the Green Book.
10,A light touch and a beaming humor everywhere. A lovely movie that lingers for a long time. (KFC GOGOGO)
10,This is the first movie I strongly recommend after Daniel Bleik.
10,It was very touching It was an opportunity to pay tribute to the courage of an equal world and to think deeply about human dignityI strongly recommend it
10,After watching the movie, I see you eating the whole chicken with your bare hands
10,A movie that asks questions to the audience by revealing prejudices and hypocrisy hidden in ordinary people~ We look back on how deeply minority and racial prejudice are rooted in our daily lives.  The main actors' acting and playing the piano in the drama are also very enjoyable
10,It's a touching story like a movie
9,It's a heartwarming movie with a calm story
10,I enjoyed watching it with my friend. The chemistry between the two characters is good.
10,It's not provocative or forced, but it's simple and touching
10,It was a movie where you can feel strong friendship regardless of race~~♡♡
10,You should watch it It's a good movie
8,Heartwarming and warm movie ^^
10,It was a time to reflect on the prejudice that I had without knowing. It's a warm movie.
6,True story + past racism is good but boring A lot...
10,Discrimination!!!! It's a bitter story, but I watched it with a smile.The actors are so good at acting.I want to give you a perfect score of 10, but it's kind of weird that your family is protesting, saying it's a true story. I'll give you 9.5 points.
10,It's a movie that I watched with a lot of worries because I was seduced by my son who was not interested in being a child of UntouchableWhat an attractive movie.Everything was good?^^
10,I watched it early in the morning. It's so much fun. Two great actors
10,I'm leaving a comment for the first time to give him 10 points
9,I hope everyone is happy without discrimination.
10,It is a very interesting movie I want to watch it again if I have a chanceI enjoyed it^^
10,It's heartwarming. I enjoyed watching it
10,Was there someone standing behind the pawnbrokers at Christmas and a gun behind their waist? Is it just a bluff?It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece.
10,It is expected story but it is not boring and warm movie after watching it
10,I'm very satisfied with the touching and fun.It was time to think about how mature people, truly decent people, should behave.
10,I watched it with my mom! My mom said it was so much fun, too:) I had so much fun, too! It was better because it wasn't just a calm movie. :)
10,It was the best black-and-white movie since Driving Miss Daisy. Make sure to watch it!
10,Between hate and friendship...a colourful film
7,Dr. Don Shirley's courageous life as a challenge to white society is admirable, but I don't feel it's a great movie. A movie full of one-dimensional enjoyment and warmth
8,Aragon is here, but he's gone, and he's always so cute that he makes me smile all the whole time? The chemistry between Vigo Mortenson and Mahershala Ali makes me smile and think about the light topic of racism.
10,I didn't expect much. It's so much funㅠㅠㅠ♡
10,It's so touching that I can't express it in words
10,The two characters were immersed in their roles.
10,Every racist scene, they were all bubbling up together.crying
10,It's one of the movies that's not a waste of money.Make sure to watch it. If it was released last December, more people would have seen it. Because of Bohemian Rhapsody's influence...
10,It's the best for both listening and enlightening! ^^ I want to see you again at least once~
10,I watched a movie that made my heart ache after a long time.It was a good movie after a long time, which is different from a movie that only curses and scolds.KBS Kang Seokwoo's "Beautiful You"...Kang Seokwoo said he was going to watch it, so I quickly bought it, but he didn't disappoint me.That was a good recommendation~~~~
10,I really like movies based on true stories, but they don't disappoint me. I'm thinking of going to see it again!
10,It was a moving movie from beginning to end. It was a good movie that made me feel sick and laugh with the actors.
10,The best movie I've seen recently. A film that shows the diversity of life. Throughout this movie, I felt like I was on a music trip to America. It's a fun and touching movie that suggests to us that it's the most humane thing to live with respect for each other rather than discriminating against each other.
10,It's not because the bathroom near the tree is bad, but it's too far away.  For white people, it's just a broom that plays the piano well. The place where a broom should have a golden broom is a cleaning box.
6,A neat PC movie... But more than that. KFC looked delicious, but I don't want to see it twice.
10,I thought that 2 hours of the movie that I really enjoyed was not a waste
10,A movie that shows the importance of a world without discrimination and prejudice
10,It was so good!Everything about the movie!
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. There is still a lingering feeling of emotion.
10,The story, acting, and fun were all good, good, good, good
10,a film that lingers in one's mindI want to watch it again. The first movie that makes me leave a comment
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun
10,It's a must-see movie again The movie of my life!
8,This must be why you need a friend.
10,I really want to see you again Make sure to watch it if you haven't
10,I'm nervous the whole time I'I hope nothing happens. I strongly recommend it
10,I found the best movie in a long time
10,This is a healing movie. It's a total Goddam to see a movie like this in January!Make sure to watch it.
10,Honestly, it's not like Bohemian Rhapsody. Personally, I think I was one step ahead in terms of content and performance
10,It's pretty funLOL It's a good movie that doesn't force the emotion out of it's a good movie
10,I got hurt after watching PMC Bunker recently. I got healed after watching this.A warm movie out of 10 is very calm and funStrongly recommend
10,Make sure to watch it. Look it up and watch it.It's not a waste to exchange 10 containers of popcorn
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie The performance and music were great. The chemistry between the two actors was great
10,A movie you want to watch again!
10,People around me recommended it, so I looked forward to it and it was really good
10,I'm in favor of this friendship...!
9,I hope it comes out again this Christmas
10,Make sure to watch it. This is a movie
10,It's not showing at all Put down something else like this and increase the screen See you again
10,There aren't many theaterscrying
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression. I hope the number of theaters increased and everyone got healed
9,It is a "real" work that has been difficult to meet among recent commercial films that simply pursue fun. I want to tell people who hesitate whether to watch it or not that they will never regret it. It's a movie that moved me and left me feeling a lot of things. It's just a pity that there aren't many screenings...
10,It's a healing movie^^
10,It was good. It was fun after a long time
10,Untouchable 1 Pro Friendship Buddy Movie Road Movie Version. It was pretty good.
7,It's a Buddy movie that doesn't overflow and a Road movie
9,The second police scene featured is clever, penetrating an already prejudiced audience
10,It's a good movie to watch ten times. It's a great movie for kids, too
10,I've recommended a lot, but there's no time or theater to watch.좋은 It's a movie that I want to show to good people... Impression similar to Forest Gump.
10,I came to the theater by myself and watched it without any information because I had time. It's amazing. Don't bury them quietly. I hope many of you saw it ㅠㅠ
8,It's a movie that needs to be like this to register for ratings. Korean movies with more than 9 points...
8,Road trip. Bromance. Racism. Obvious material but not boring.
10,It's a movie that doesn't waste of money
10,Music, video, story and acting are all good.
9,What a joy it is to watch a movie! The Golden Globe and Academy Awards are outstanding. I'm very satisfied with the Italian guy who looked like Tickers, who was so attractive beyond what I couldn't hate, the playful music, the great film art, the emerald light tea.
8,But do you enjoy watching it?
10,a movie that touches the heart that's not obvious
10,There are too many beautiful things in this world to lock us in with prejudice
10,Make sure you watch it. You won't regret it
8,It's a movie with a little bit of fun because of what happens when two people like Sprite meet.And there is always a sad side to movies about black people.I want to give you 8.9 points
10,We have to break down even our unconscious prejudices.
10,It is a movie that broke the prejudice for a few OOO years in 2 hours. It was so touching
10,I watched a movie of my life
10,I want to eat chicken!
8,As I follow the actors' passionate performances, a deep emotion comes to me.
10,It was a sick and warm movie Make sure you watch it
10,It's a movie I want to watch, but there are too few theaters
10,It's a movie that touches you gently. It's been a long time since I saw a good movie, but there aren't enough theaters.
10,A very good movie that unravels the heavy theme of black-and-white conflict racism into music and humanity
10,It's been a while since I saw a heart-warming movie
10,I am deeply moved by the birth of a unique work that the name of the movie is not ashamed of. The gratitude to the talented people who made the movie possible to focus from start to finish lasts until the next day. This is the movie!
10,The two main characters who became the best movie in their lives have great chemistry
10,Prejudice is a movie that warms up the iceberg
8,I crave fried chicken after the movie
10,Don Shirley's unabashed display of emotion in the heavy rain has caused a stir in my heart
10,It's a movie where you can feel the warmth of Merry Christmas.
10,The ratings were so good that I watched it half in doubt. Oh my goodness! I was moved and thrilled the whole time I watched itIt's a must-see movie in 2019! I want more theaters and screenings.
10,Touching and a little smile in between.It's a good movie. I keep thinking about Tony's letter to my wife^^
9,I really enjoyed watching it...My wife slept the whole time.
10,It was a healing movie!
10,It's a trick compared to Malmoi. It's touching, it's fun.
10,The material, the characters, the music, the landscape, and the messege are all one of the movies I want to capture in my life. The movie that I couldn't forget about the movie theater and came back home and opened the preview video again
10,Wow, it's the best. - What do people do not watch movies like this?The movie that would have been better if it was released on Christmas is so touching and lingering, and when I played the piano at the end, I cried for some reason. It wasn't boring at all and I was so immersed in it. There were a lot of funny scenes L
7,The actors' acting was great. The story isn't new, but it's worth watching. I hope all discrimination in the world disappears.
10,I didn't know that black people's human rights were this much in America in the 1960s.Although he is a genius pianist of wealth, honor, and high education, and employer of white people, he could never escape the yoke of a shallow black person when he left the concert hall as well as his personal life. What a good movie. 9.5 points
10,It's the best. Just watch it
8,I think this is what movies are like
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot. The movie that I thought I should get rid of prejudice. It's a movie that touches your heart and warms your heart
10,Make sure you watch it. It's not a waste of money. It's a funny movie. It's light and funny, but it's deep inside
10,The perfect ensemble of two main characters. It's beautiful.
10,It's the best! It's both touching and fun!
10,A movie that makes you crave fried chicken and cigarettes
9,It is a movie that must be watched many times.
9,Natural rain and snow, not artificial rain and snow
10,A movie where a lot of thoughts and things come into your mind
10,I was looking forward to it, but it's even more touching than I expected!I really need to buy a Blu-ray!
8,A glittering work of Tony and Shirley's characters, whose stories are flat but lifelike.
10,I was very lucky to see this movie in the theater before the screening.
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time. The meaning, the fun, the lingering emotions... It also gave homework to ponder, such as dignity, true personality, and courage to confront prejudice. ^^
9,It is healing, a movie with calm emotion and humanity.
9,witty lines, but familiar developments
6,A story similar to "Untouchable"
10,It was fun. It made me think a lot
10,I can feel the warmth
10,It's a movie that's really touching and fun^The actors' acting was good. It's a real story and the contents of racism are expressed very delicately, but it's not too heavy. It's a movie that makes you look back on yourself by making you smile calmly
9,a film with calm emotions, satire, and humor
9,A fun and happy movie. I just watched it and I want to watch it again.
10,It was a good movie with a natural smile, calm emotion, and deep afterglow.
10,I'm amazed again that there was such discrimination a few thousand years ago
10,It's a movie that really lingers. Make sure to watch it!
10,I really enjoyed the movie!
10,The beautiful nature, music, and the story of life are all comforting and moving movies
9,It is a fun story about the journey until people with different appearances and personalities get closer to true friendship
10,I thought it would be a common story, but the movie was beautiful
10,It's the best movie in recent years. A must-see movie!
10,It's fun. If you watch it, you won't regret itWas there racism only in that era?The irony that almost everyone feels through black people the creepy truth that they prefer white people...But we all know the message that humans are the same
10,It is the first modern movie to have such a warm heart. It's a movie with touching, fun, and laughter
10,I watched it without much expectation, but it was so fun and it lingered in my mind, so I'm recommending it to people around me. I hope that this movie will become popular through word of mouth
9,I can't forget the scene where Shirley's eyes met with black people working in the field
10,It's been a long time since we've met. The acting of the two actors is a masterpiece.
10,I was most impressed by the movie I saw recently. I laughed out loud and my heart ached in the middle. I think it's a movie that captures everyone with the atmosphere of that time. I highly recommend itㅠㅠ
10,It's fun. It's worth watching at the theater
10,I think I've already seen the best movie of 2019.
10,Make sure to watch it. I recommend watching it alone
10,It's been a while since I've seen it in a fun way!I focused more as time went by. I thought it was a music movie like Bohemian Rhapsody, but I really watched a touching movie. "What should I watch?" I recommend it to those who are wonderingToo bad there aren't many theaters!
10,I was worried that the movie would be boring, but I enjoyed the movie. It's fun, overwhelming, and I think I'm going to cryA movie that makes your heart happy! You have to watch this
10,It's overwhelming... It's the best movie! I felt like I got hit after watching without thinking
10,The first movie I saw in 2019 was Green Book, so I liked it
10,The best movie of my life! This is the real movie!It's a movie that I can recommend to anyone without hesitation.
1,It's a boring movie, and everything's a lie.
10,It's really fun There's no time to be bored. There's no reason why you're up there There were a lot of funny scenes I strongly recommend it!
9,a subject of constant importance
10,I really recommend it. I think it's going to be my favorite movie.
10,Make sure you watch it. Watch it twice.  Make sure you watch it. Look twice.
10,What if Don Shirley was white? It's a sad movie that makes me sad
10,It's been a while since I watched a warm movie
10,The storyline is good. I really enjoyed it
10,Sterilization movie~~~~~~
10,It's not forced, it's real. It's a Christmas season movie, but it's a bit late. If you need something to lean on, I strongly recommend it
10,Aragon is coming out. Let's go see him
9,사람들의 마음을 바꾸려면 용기가 필요해요!
10,It felt like I saw Shawshank escape.
10,Remark. Mortensen was born in the year of the dog? More amazing acting skills than that!
10,Well-made is something like this.
10,a subtly moving movie
10,I watched the movie hoping it wouldn't end
9,A movie that leaves a lingering impression. It can make you feel like you're traveling to Old America. Racism is a subject, so it is a little out of touch in these days, but you can feel the affection of people, and this is still the same now, so it is fully empathic. What you need to learn is that if you live wisely, you can live happily enough without money
9,an omniscient view of racism in the United States
8,A movie as enchanting as the smell of Kentucky fried chicken
10,There are so many stimulating movies these days that I wanted to see a comfortable and warm movie, and it is a movie that makes me realize a lot of things and think about not only racial discrimination and prejudice but also various forms of prejudice and stigma in society.
10,It was such a touching movie
10,I felt really thrilled when Don Shirley played the classic Chopin in front of an old keyboard at the Orange Bird, a black bar. I want to see it again.
10,The process of two very different men building a perfect friendship that understands each other in eight weeks is calm and touching. Director Peter Farrelly, who tells a heavy story pleasantly, is the best^^
10,It hasn't been long since 2019, but it's been the best movie I've seen this year.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie
10,It was a movie that left a lingering impressionably. It's perfect when there's nothing to see these days
10,I enjoyed watching it. It may seem boring in the beginning, but in the second half, I watched it with interest and learned a lot. And I can't believe that the main character was Aragon. It's been a long time since I saw ㅜㅜ. The chemistry between the two actors was also good. ^^ Good, good!
10,Please watch the movie you want to watch again
10,When we're born, and we're created by standards, mindset education, and learning, and when the majority agree, we're just going to accept "incomplete thinking" as that.I hope we can see ourselves in our hearts.
10,a stream of unnecessary things I lost track of time from beginning to end
10,If you like movies like this, make sure to watch it!Also, the music is good and the piano melody is very good.enough movies for music and background
9,BUDDY movie that's so delicious and funny
9,between masterpieces and masterpieces If you think that teenagers and people in their 20s at that time are in their 60s and 70s now, it means that racism is still strongly located in the minds of many white Americans. I just can't do it as openly as I did then.
10,I leave a rating for the first time after watching the movie.A human drama film that is not boring at all despite its seemingly dull development. It's a movie that makes me reflect on it after watching it.
10,It's a good movie. So sad
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,I think it's the most movie-like movie out of all the movies
1,It's not a movie with 9 points. I was looking forward to it and was disappointed
8,A movie that leaves nothing but bitterness in the end.
7,It was touching. Both actors were great
10,It's not awkward to call it my favorite movie
8,The eight-week journey to Christmas of understanding and harmony
10,You should watch it when there's a theater Don't regret it
10,It's fun and touching. It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie. I'm so happy
10,I didn't expect anything, but I think I was satisfied with about eight. There's a calm atmosphere that's touching, emotional, and funny. I think it's because both actors have great film looks, but even if they come out repeatedly, it feels like the screen is filled up
4,I watched Hongdae's GV late at night
9,It was a warm movie until the end, and it was a heartwarming movie even though I thought of the movie on my way home. The journey of weaving a sweater by pulling out the inner and outer sides of two different people's lives step by step.
9,A movie that eliminates discrimination and discrimination between this side and that side.I felt the power of the chicken breaking down the wall.
10,It's my favorite movie. I recommend you to watch it
10,It's warm and pleasant. I felt a lot of things^^
10,If you actually watch it, it's more than a trailer, and it's the best movie with deep echoes along with things to learn and think about again.
10,It's a movie that makes you feel a lot of things. It's a movie that unfolds without any boredom I enjoyed watching it
9,It's so nice. Make sure to watch it KFC chicken is original?
10,Heartwarming, touching, anger, happiness...I can feel all sorts of emotions. It's a great movie. I strongly recommend it.
10,By the end of my life movie, my smile spread and happiness and emotion spread
10,Compete with dignity that comes from dignity
10,It's such a good movie. The acting is amazing and the script is the best!!!
10,It's this year's movie. Heart-warming
10,I thought it would be an obvious movie, so I thought about whether to watch it or not, but it was really, really good to watch.
10,It's been a while since I saw a real movie
10,It was a movie that left a deep in my heart The actors' acting was also very impressive
10,It's a movie that makes you feel good.
10,Racism among white Americans is ongoing! under Trump's leadership I watched a touching movie after a long time
10,I think I enjoyed watching it the most recently
10,This is the movie. This is the art. This is our life. Let's reflect on Korean movies.
8,It's calm but touching.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot
10,Their lives and friendship have become a big echo.It was the best movie ever.
10,I'm so touched! It makes me want to eat fried chicken.Whoops! Tony Balleronga's the actor who played Aragon in The Lord of the Rings!
10,The best movie I've seen from last year to this year!!!
10,It's a happy movie to see warm friendship and great music outside the race
10,A movie that lingers!I want to see it again
10,A movie that would have started Christmas with a warm feeling if it was released on Christmas
10,I can't watch a calm movie until the end because it's boring, but it doesn't break the flow. It's a good humor. I enjoyed it. The content was informative, so I couldn't take my eyes off it I hope you can watch it ㅠㅠT
8,A description of racism, Vigo Mortensen's portrayal of the lower white class, a story based on a true story, all the best!
10,Book a movie of the year
8,I heard the word of mouth is amazing, so I watched it. SoSo!
10,It could be boring, but I lost track of timeIt's a shame that there aren't many theaters... I strongly recommend it
10,It's a movie that's touching and fun to talk about what happens when two people with opposite tendencies go on a concert tour I think it would be good to watch it with your family on the weekend
10,A warm movie that breaks prejudice against each other and gives trust. Also, the sly and humorous scenes and impressive lines that come out from time to time. I think this kind of movie should further increase the number of theaters in Korea.
10,The best movie of my favorite movie
10,It's the best! What do you do in Korea without betting on movies like this?
10,I wish we could watch it together.
8,It was warm and touching It's a good movie
6,I dozed off for a long time and enjoyed watching the latter partBut it's true that it's boring
10,If you don't watch a movie, you'll regret it. Aragon is so cool
10,a true story with a gentle touch
10,I don't usually write, but I saw a really good movie. How long has it been since I saw a movie with a smile after watching a movie in various ways, such as acting skills and small fun in the development of nothing special. And the music is also great.
10,I'm still in deep emotion. Even without cool action and fancy CG, Woollim is a stronger movie.
8,I hope that what is natural is prejudice, so that you can think again. May I have the courage to knock on someone's door.
10,A movie that you don't expect much and then recommend to others
8,An exquisite tug-of-war between writer's and commercial films.The actors' acting skills and chemistry...
10,That's great. Thank you.
10,Angry at the racism of the time, enjoying the harmony of black and white and getting to know each other and understand each other. It's so much fun. Academy Award Nominations
10,It's my first time leaving a review of the movie. Every line, every scene, every scene, it's still exciting and fun. I'll have to watch it again before I get off the stage
10,If you like movies, you'll regret it later if you don't watch movies like this.
10,The most beautiful movie of my life
10,I think it's because it's been a long time since I saw a movie that lingers and is touching. I strongly recommend Green Book.
10,Touching, funny, scripted. Very solid. I strongly recommend it!
10,Make sure you watch it. It's worth it.
10,It's a ten-point movie.  It's a unique touch.
10,I enjoyed watching it. I want more people to watch this movie, but I'll follow the fancy movie, right?
10,Please make sure to watch it!
10,It's such a good movie.
9,A real trick that lingers afterwards!
10,It's a good movie that I haven't seen in a long time.
10,It's a movie that makes it hard to get up afterwards
10,America's inner self - a democratic nation that cries out for human equality - watched this movie with a black heart - so great
10,Two men's performances, dense stories, old pop and jazz, and wit in between. A better movie to watch on Christmas! It's the best!
9,It's warm and cozy
10,I mean it. Moon.Truth is, knock, open...of two men, two different menThe appearance. What is music?with emotionEach other's. appearance.We're becoming alike. Discrimination.There was also music. Cheom.chum.All right! Anyway, it would have been better if we saw each other on Christmas.The one that I thought... The one who knocked on my heart.Movies
10,Touching, fun, and music!Mahershala Ali's eyes are so deep
10,In a word, I dared to go crazy about the movie.
10,It's a movie where I didn't have a minute to be bored throughout the show because of fun, touching, and enlightenment. I watched a good movie after a long time.I was surprised and sad that there was little time for the movie.
10,a film that touches the heart
10,I'm moved beyond expectations far exceed my expectations
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it It is also a movie that makes me sad. It is so much fun. I can't believe this kind of movie is behind me. ㅜㅜ It is sad
10,I watched the movie with the thought that I was happy to watch this kind of movie. A must-see movie.
10,I really enjoyed the movie. I thought it would be boring because it was about racism, but there were many interesting parts in between and it was good.
10,The first movie that made me want to write a review.According to the work, it shows the situation of two white and black people who are not like white people in their lives in depth and wit, making their hearts warm and sad. I'm not trying to teach you a lesson, I'm just trying to show you something that makes you realize...
10,I'm so sleepy. I'll see you again
10,It was so beautiful to see two very different people meeting, interacting with each other, growing and changing^^ I want to see you again^^Highly recommended!
8,It was simpler than I thought, but I really enjoyed it! Remark: The chemistry between Mortenson and Mahershala Ali was really good Friendship that transcends discrimination in a time of great racism. I can't believe it's real. It's even more amazing!
10,The actors' acting, story composition, music, and lines are all great.In a way, it's a serious message, but there's constant wit and fun.This is how movies should be made
10,Green Book. Literally, the movie of my life
10,Have you ever been discriminated against?  It was good because it wasn't forced. The sound of the piano is healing, too. Strongly recommend
10,The keywords of this movie are dignity and courage.
10,Make sure you watch itIt's a pity that this kind of movie gets pushed out of the list~Highly recommended!
10,It's definitely the best movie I've seen in recent years!It felt like I was traveling to America. It was good
10,Even though I watched it with high expectations, the movie went beyond my expectations. I really want a lot of people to watch it, but it was only shown once a day late at night. ㅠㅠㅠ If you have time, make sure to watch it!
10,Both of you should get the Best Supporting Actor award
10,It's both touching and laughing.
10,I'm going to buy a ticket as I leave the theater^^
10,I watched "Solo" on Saturday night and it made me think deeply
10,It was perfect until the end. It's still fun
10,My life movie! There are quite a few laugh points and it was nice to be given the opportunity to think about it personally.There is no such thing as a forced squeeze.It was a good experience where I made my own time watching movies!I learned the charm of Mahershala Ali.
10,It's the most touching, fun, and heart-warming
10,It's the best movie that's been released recently. It's fun. I strongly recommend it
10,It's been a while since I laughed, laughed, and laughed again. It's so much fun and meaningful. I think there aren't many theaters
8,Unlike the last time I was worried that the friendship of the 1% Untouchable was the same, there are many interesting scenes with rich stories. a film that is generally easy to watch
10,The actors are really good at acting. I realized what racism is, and I looked back on myself There's no one who's white or black They're all precious people At the end, I saw Shirley and I smiled like a dadI hope many people will watch it when it's released May the world be much better in the distant future
10,I've never seen such a lovely movie
9,I had a great indirect experience. I've experienced the reality of racism
10,A movie that makes you feel good!
10,It's a movie that made me think a lot.
10,It was great. The first movie of the new year starts with a lot of thoughts and emotions.
10,It runs with the problems of racism and LGBTQ people, but it never sinks heavily. As time goes by, the boundaries become blurred and find their own solutions from each other. It's fun to see the delicate acting of the two actors! Dr. Shirley's scene with black people working in the field and looking at them is the best
10,A movie that can grasp everything without any burden. I was touched by the directing ability.
10,The movie was so good. The chemistry between the two actors was great, not to mention their acting! ♡
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,A movie that would have been better if it had been released before Christmas, but it was a great movie.A heartwarming movie with all the music, humor, and emotion.
10,Malmo, don't look at the crap in me. Look at this Look twice
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. Just looking at it makes me happy and I feel like I've lived a cultural life properly.It's been a while since I've done that.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel good after watching it. There is nothing missing from the music lines of visual beauty, but the actors' acting saved this movie more than anything else. Especially Mahershala Ali's acting... He's a totally different person from Moonlight with a totally different accent. That's cool
10,I'm leaving my first comment in my 35 years of life. I tried it because my girlfriend asked me to go to the premiere.It just seems like the best movie of 2019. I want to see it all over the world. I want you to feel a lot, and everyone is precious. That's all.
9,This movie made me feel good all weekend^^
10,It's touching. It's a healing movie
10,I had plans for a trip to Pittsburgh, but I canceled it
8,It was a comfortable movie where I could listen to beautiful scenery and beautiful music
10,It's a really good movie in many ways. I want to see it again
10,Green book is a must-see movie. It's a movie that you'll regret.^^
9,I highly recommend it. It is a heartwarming movie.
10,2019 has just begun, but this year's best movie has already been decided.
10,I don't think I need to watch another movie this year, but it's like a thick bear soup
10,It's the best. I recommend it as a must-see movie in the first half of the year, when you're touched and laugh all the time!!!
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again ^^ The actor who played Dr. Don Shirley showed the difference between a fake smile and a happy smile
10,a film that gently unravels a strong message
10,It was impressive  It's a rare trick
10,No need to say. You're the best! A movie that makes you want to eat chicken
10,It's really fun...It was the best
10,I couldn't find the part where I should get my horoscope cut. Out of 10 points.
10,It's still lingering, and it's a really poor black character.I'm so touched. I thought it would be a part-time job.It's the best movie. I love it
10,It's the best. I think it's the best movie I've seen in 2019. It is a movie that Korean parents can watch and educate Southeast Asian second-generation children to treat them well without prejudice.
9,It's so much fun! The music, the video, the humor, everything was good
10,130 minutes passed quickly because I laughed so hard
10,It's calm and lingering...I think it's a good thing I saw it
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie in my life A movie with good quality and warm heartwarming
10,Nothing is missing.
10,I watched a good movie after a long time. It left a lingering feeling of heartbreak
10,What is being born in this world that everyone is the same?I don't know if that's ever happened to me It's a night where I have a lot of thoughts
10,This is the movie of my life.I looked forward to it, but it's the best.Thank you for watching the green book. :)
10,It's beautiful. Video, music, scenario based on real story, and acting are all attractive. A heart-warming movie that you want to watch again
9,It's surprisingly fun Especially Mahershala Ali's facial expressions as Dr. Shirley are the best I was amazed at how he expressed his sadness with his expressionless face without any lines It's a normal story, but it's worth watching
10,A beautiful movie where two different men get to know each other, like a comprehensive gift set that combines material, plot, visual beauty, and music.A movie that can start 2019 with a warm heart.
10,Tony's one punch in a society full of loathing
9,You're delivering the obvious with a calm smile. The process of finding a society without prejudice
10,It's calm. It's so natural for two people to melt into each other.
10,Such a beautiful friendship story! After watching it, I laughed and cried. ㅜㅜ The movie I want to watch again...Above all, it was fortunate that Shirley could connect with people and find happiness through Tony.
10,It's obvious, but touching... A good movie! Heartwarming...
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it forever. I'm not a big deal
10,If you enjoyed watching "Untouchable", make sure to watch it It's as good as "Untouchable" It's a bonus to play the piano for your ears and eyes
10,Beyond prejudice, it's time for us to change
8,It's a heartwarming movie. I realize how precious it is to interact with people.
10,American road movies, special friendship between white and black people, and music tour. Warm movies full of humanism and wit. It's so fun
10,That's a funny and instructive true story
10,It's not too heavy, but it's a movie with a resonance that tells us a story about discrimination in a calm way.
10,It naturally unravels the heavy material with pleasure and laughter. Music and travel... It's a perfect movie
10,Let's go up to the box office! I hope there will be more theaters for this kind of movie theaters.
10,A movie that makes me speechless. I came to eat chicken and beer as soon as I came out of the movie. From now on, I will eat chicken only with my hands.
10,It's a movie where black and white meet and make gray
9,KFC is so delicious
9,It's very touching~~
10,I'll give you a perfect score. 10,000 is the best
9,내 것을 무엇이든지 보여 줘.
10,I felt a calm and deep impression as two different people approached each other and understood each other deeply and cared for each other. This movie is awesome. I strongly recommend it! Make sure to watch it.
10,Dignity always beats. It was a movie that made me think a lot.
10,Mr. Bigotensen, this station is perfect too I got goosebumps because I wanted to go back to the Chopin
9,I like it because there's no forced smile. a warm movie
10,It's not too heavy on race prejudice, but it's a movie that has a lot of room to think about
10,It's the best. Why can't such a masterpiece be popular?
10,It's a great movie. It's touching.
10,I enjoy watching movies alone, but I watch it with my friends, family, and lovers I'm gonna want to talk to you when you get out of the theater
10,It's my favorite movie.  I hope you watch it
1,요새 These days, Hollywood nigga's defense is scary, aren't you trying to pair up or force me to appear? PC, go away, please
10,It's super fun... It's so much fun Make sure you watch it
10,Scenario, script, directing, filming, music, acting. It's a 10 out of 10 movie. It's not easy to catch two rabbits of fun and emotion, but it's really the best movie of the year. I'm expecting an Academy Award for Best Picture and Best Screenplay.
10,Put the trash where it belongs! Chicken bones on the road!
10,It's been a long time since I saw a pretty and healing movie, acting skills, and the humorous elements in between were so great that I enjoyed watching it.  It's been a long time since the movie "The Perfect Stranger"
10,I went to see it because the rating was good, and as expected, it's the best. I hope there are many theaters for movies like this kind of movie.
10,A fun, pleasant, thought-provoking movie
10,Directing, acting, and music. Personally, there's nothing to blame.And Vigo Mortenson and Mahershala Ali... It would have been better if it was released on Christmas. ^^ But I'm lucky to start my first movie in 2019 with a green book
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again and againfor a long time
10,Do you really watch it?Touching? It's such a good movie
10,Heart-warming... Heart-warming ^^ It was a good time.
9,a force that penetrates the problems of the times and does not let go of the pleasures
8,I've been thinking all the time about Tony, the main character, thinking that he's Ed Harris, maybe he's gotten weird because he's fat, maybe because he's dressed up, why he looks young when he's old, and I've been looking for Aragon.
10,I watched it with my mom, and I think it's a masterpiece I really recommend it Look.
10,It's a good movie that conveys emotions and finds reason rather than stimulating. I enjoyed watching it. I recommend it.
10,The thrill of Shirley hitting Chopin's Etude.
10,At the end, a tear of relief...
10,You deserve an Academy Award for Best Picture!  The movie is about the friendship between black and white people, which is deeply moving and lingering. It's 50,000 times
10,Very interesting. The dignity of a man. Dr. Shirley feels like President Moon Jae In
10,The start of 2019 is good. It was a movie that was so fun to watch, action, and heart-warming messages to us
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece where you can laugh in between. It's a masterpiece called "Go away from others"
10,It's a movie that lingers. It's touchingIt would have been better if it was released during the Christmas season, but I strongly recommend a good movie now
9,Oh, it's fun! The chemistry is good, the lines are good, the atmosphere is music!  It's fun to have someone like Tony Balleronga around me
10,A masterpiece came out in a long time.Watch it when it's on.
8,ㅜㅜ See you again...I slept
10,It's the best! Make sure to watch it It's the best movie to watch now.
10,It's an unfamiliar fun story about someone else's country, but I also like the movie that doesn't seem like a true story^^
1,That's too bad. It's really boring.
10,It's calm, but it's touching and it makes me think about a lot of things.
10,Best movie of the year. It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,It's been a while since I watched a really good movieThe echo is big~~~
10,Perhaps it will be the best movie, combining art and wonderful music that reproduced the background of the era, the actors' acting skills were overwhelming, and the boring storyline was watched without knowing the whole running time
10,It was so much fun  The male characters are so good at acting. I made up for being criticized by my girlfriend for being Aquaman lol
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen this year
10,It's a good movie to watch with your teenage children
10,So far, there have been many black movies, but there have been no characters like the main characters in this movie. In a society where racism was severe, he drew a very interesting picture of the dilemma felt by black people at the top of society, and completed the story smoothly with the right breathing of a subject that could be boring!
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken...You ate it so deliciously.Haha
9,A movie that was moderately funny, bitter, heartwarming, and funny
10,It's fun. Look at it
10,I'm glad I watched it. It's a warm movie
10,Someone is discriminated against unimaginable because of one skin color, and if there is only one small difference from others, we divide sides and discriminate and curse.  It's something to really reflect on.  Embarrassing.
10,A film that shows how prejudiced everywhere is.
9,A warm movie. I hope more people can watch it in more theaters
10,It was as touching as Bohemian Rhapsody
10,The witty lines, the harmonious music, Dr. Don's lines in the second half seemed to condense the time.
10,I really liked it. I watched it without any expectations. The best movie ever! It's a heavy topic, but it's fun and touching
10,I watched it at the end of last year and I thought I watched a good movie
10,It is a masterpiece that is a mixture of calm fun, touching, and laughter and sorrow from true stories.
10,It was a really good movie!
10,a film with a gentle touch
10,A good emotional trip with my parents
10,Okay! Not the topic, but the love of the Italian family lingers in my mind
9,A movie that shows why actors' acting skills are important. If you're tired of movies full of stimulating materials and computer graphics, make sure to watch them. I love the human smell and the background music.
10,It was a very good movie
9,The rating is very high, so I must have expected too much before I watched it.It wasn't as funny as I thought.Personally, I expected it to be as interesting as 0.1 per cent friendship untouchable, but it wasn't as interesting.
10,It's a must-see movie.
9,A movie that reminds me of courage and change. Recommend.
10,It was a good time, a good meeting.
10,It's the best movie ever This is the real work
10,I'm so touched. Thank you for starting 2019 so fresh!
10,It's heart-warming. I think it'll be fun to watch it again
8,a journey to a world marred by prejudice against meeting two very different people
10,The message is warm and the acting is excellent.The performance at a black cafe is touching and touching. It's a good movie!
10,a shift to the dignity of human beings, not enough white people, not enough black people
7,There was not much now, but there was a content about racism, but it was calm and simple fun and feeling.It would have been better if we could have taught them a lesson
10,I watched it late at night with my wife and it was really nice. The two actors lead the movie with their power, and it gives a heavy and calm impressionable
10,I can feel the friendship, the emotion, and the humanity. It's a must-see movie this winter
10,It was a really warm and fun movie with a message. I'm happy that the first movie of the year is Green Book
10,I almost went to KFC after watching the movie
10,A movie that makes your heart feel the social perspective of people of color at that time
8,A movie that indirectly felt the discrimination between white and black people. It would have been better if it came out on Christmas.
10,In short, I strongly recommend it. Great film. Every film festival has its nominations for best picture / screenplay / acting.
10,I hope I can reflect on myself and change my perception like Tony Not only in race, but in every way.
10,It was the best movie ever.It's even cooler that it's based on a real story. The actors' acting, music, and directing were beautiful. I'm going to watch it one more time.
10,Chicken, chicken, Kentucky Fried
10,Just... just look.
10,It makes me think again about racism
10,It's a pity that such a movie has such a small number of theaters
10,It is the best movie. I've only seen two movies in 2019, but I want to pick the best movie of the year I sincerely recommend it
8,I enjoyed watching itI focused more on the movie because it was a true story
8,I enjoyed watching itI focused more on the movie because it was a true story
10,Please make a movie with a touching story and a Korean movies
10,A well-made movie that many people want to see
10,I highly recommend it to people around me.
10,2019 New Year's movie that captures both fun and touching moments!
10,It's a movie that makes me think. Make sure to watch it!
10,I'd like to see more theaters
10,E-Mart song played in the middle of the movie
10,It's like a simple movie, but it still lingers a lot. I enjoyed it
9,It seems like we went on a trip together with a warm story and piano music.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot. You did a great job
10,A movie that does not have a spectacular climax but gives a calm impression and message.
10,It's the best movie of my life. I strongly recommend it!
9,It's a warm movie Beyond the black-and-white conflict, we reach universality
10,The two seemed like oil that could not be mixed with each other, but through the eight-week trip, they had a positive effect on each other and changed together.The real stories of real people are very touching.
8,Drive and eat chicken
10,It's a must-see movie. It's touching
10,It was a touching movieThe first movie of the year was the best choice~~^^
10,100 out of 100
10,Personally, I liked Bohemian Rhapsody better than most recent movies
10,Everyone, I sincerely hope this movie will be your first movie of 2019
10,The process of enriching relationships pays tribute to the exciting and courageous people
10,I hope you watch it. Hah!
10,I hope you watch it. Hah!
10,I hope you watch it. Hah!
10,I hope you watch it. Hah!
8,You have to watch the movie that lingers.  I saw it because the reviews were good, but I chose it well.  These days, movies are all about entertainment or Avengers. I'm so tired. Of course, those movies are interesting, but you should watch movies that give you ideas like Green Book.
10,Every scene was meaningful
10,It's been a while since I saw a heartwarming movie.But it's too bad that the theater isn't there.
10,It's an obvious story! But it's fun!
10,This is the first movie I saw in 2019, but I watched all the movies this year.the best
10,It's fun. It's still lingering
10,What is a good movie? It's this kind of movie
10,I really enjoyed it I think Tony is really a good gentleman
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I can't believe the main character in the movie was Aragon, the Lord of the Rings. I was surprised again.LOL
10,A movie that makes us reflect on our prejudice and discrimination. A warm movie that's good to watch with your family
10,I realized how long it has been since I felt happy after watching a movie. He never regretted his PICK, which he had been waiting for before its release.  It's definitely a better movie to watch with your loved one
10,It was a really good movie. I don't remember after watching it, but I kept thinking about why.
9,It's a movie I want to watch again
10,While we were so narcissistic about the movie that we owe money to important historical materials like Malmoi and Swing Kids and weeping with fictional schools, Hollywood reached the point of producing these "works" with true stories... Is there a possibility that this gap will be filled?
10,It's all moving and fun. I lost track of time
10,A good movie that I haven't seen in a long time!
10,It was good to reflect on whether I was also a prejudiced person. A simple but determined person who participates in life in a crude but active manner, a person who is rich in intelligence and sensibility and self-control. It was very informative because it showed a human image to pursue. I highly recommend it!
9,I don't know the story about baseball, but I didn't know that there was a story about baseball in the short cut on the TV scenePerfect movie This is the first theater movie of the year, and I don't think I'll be able to see a movie that goes beyond that this year!
10,It was really good. I think there should be many movies like this. Korean movie monopoly is too much.
10,When I play the piano in the club, tears fall down.ㅜㅜ It's a great movie Make sure you watch it
10,It's a good movie after a long time
10,A well-made film that makes heavy themes light.
10,Can it be this warm?
10,a heartwarming movie
10,They're both so good at acting.
9,The movie is very interesting. But they say it's different from the real story ㅜㅜㅜ
10,Tony living a white but black life, Shirley living a black but white life. Finally, their friendship, which met each other's deficiencies and left the race, places a small bonfire in our hearts in January, when only thin things remain.
10,A movie that should be at the top of the box office. I didn't know Merry Christmas was such a touching wordcrying
10,A calm movie that makes me feel comfortable after watching good piano music and actors' acting~^^
10,It's a heart-warming movie Dr. Don Shelley's remark is very impressive that what moves people's hearts is not violence, but dignity We strongly recommend it. ^^
10,A movie like a boiler in the cold winter.I want to see it one more time.
6,Lower expectations and encourage viewing
10,Touching. You have to watch itYou have to watch it twice
4,To be honest, it's not a four-point series, but it's not a 9.73 series. It was a little disappointing in the ability to creatively unravel the story and the use of characters. A movie that warms your heart for hours and leaves you with a lot of lingering emotions is obvious, but it's obvious to moviegoers who like the genre of drama.
10,To be honest, I thought these 10 were part-timers.Don't be fooled. It was okay
10,Shirley's lines in the rain gave me goose bumps
10,It's a good movie  Strong recommendation
10,It's much better than Malmoi. Look at this, please.
10,I recommend a moving movie that leaves a lingering impression
10,Small fun, calm and touching
10,I wish it was released on Christmas.I'm going to watch this every Christmas instead of Kevin
10,I lost track of time.
10,It was a satisfying movie after a long time.
10,A calm healing movie that would have been better if it was released before Christmas
10,The lives and lives of both of them are touchingIt's a bright morning
10,Good, good, good, good, good, good.Good
10,Wow, it was possible based on a wonderful true story, but the great acting of the male actors combined to make it the best movie.
9,A movie that approaches the issue of racism easily and calmly, very funny and pleasantly!
10,It's the best movie that's both fun and touching! I strongly recommend it!
10,The friendship that permeated each other with messages about racism and courage, which were not boring at all with calm but absorbing acting, humorous lines, and wonderful piano performances, fills the heart with warmth after the movie. It's too bad there aren't many theaters.
10,Good, good. Go and see for yourself
10,Sometimes the true story is more like a movie. Road movie that gives a gentle echo
9,It was a movie that warmed my heart and made this moment precious.
8,The production is a bit disappointing. Did I expect a big echo?remain calm to the end But JAM at Orange Bird made my heart race.
10,The restrained directing that conveys the times as they are, the friendship between the two makes you feel very meaningful, and makes you smile touching and cozy. Directors and actors are both professionals. It's a very simple and well-made movie. I wish there were more theaters.
10,A movie that makes you want to write a letter to your loved one. I hold up a pen to love myself first. After practice, the high-intensity mission... To my parents...
10,Don Shirley's accent was nice to hear, and it was sad and sad, but it was just the best! I'll see you again
10,Make sure to watch it! Please!
10,I just watched the late night show. The actors acted well and it was touching I think prejudice based on skin color should be eliminatedIt's a movie that makes me sad and happy. If we increase the number of theaters and promote a little more, more people will be able to watch it, but it's too bad
10,It's a movie where you don't get bored and wonder how it'll turn out. Make sure you watch it
10,It's a must-see movie
10,A really good and funny movie that warms your heart and tears at the end
10,I didn't expect much. It's more than I expected. I recommend you to watch it. The movie's 60s visual beauty is reproduced in great detail. The translator's captions are also witty. It's a movie that makes you think when you watch it without thinking.
10,The outside is wrapped in humor, but the content contains sadness in trying to escape prejudice. Also, the content, the music, and the color of the movie were all good.Everyone, please don't watch this masterpiece on your laptop later, but watch it when you can watch it on the big screen and sound.
10,Humor, wit and emotion
10,It's before you see it, but...It reminds me of the friendship of Untouchable 1%.
10,Another life movie is added.I'm not an easy guy
10,I don't know why I'm not number one
10,We look back on ourselves
10,No jokes, no lies, no publicity. Best movie of the year!!!
10,I hope people who make a mess of Korean movies will watch it. I wish I could make a story of people like this. Of course, the plot of this movie has many loopholes. Nevertheless, filling it eventually starts with the concern of how to melt interest in people. This movie is like that
10,It was so great.I laughed a lot after a long time
10,It's a fun and touching movie
10,It's too bad there aren't any theaters.Calm and touching. The main characters' passionate performances.Everything was good
7,You can watch it lightly and happily. It was nice to learn from each other and become like each other
10,It's the first movie I want to watch this year. I strongly recommend it.
10,a film that leaves a lingering impression
10,You have to watch this! It's a good movie that's both touching and fun
10,You're the best! Make sure you watch it
8,It's a good movie.  It gives us a sense of the times of the '60s
10,There is no scene to throw away ㅠㅠ Full of emotions
10,I was so touched and it's a serious story, but make sure to watch the masterpiece that was made with wit!
9,It's calm but it's easy to get into character, it has a touching humor code, and even the music is great  The actors' acting is good and their personal charms are excellentIt's worth watching
10,All the actors' acting in the movie are the best!!! The best movie with a lot of meaning in the true friendship between courageous Shirley and Bburi! It's the best movie at the 2019 Academy Award for Best Picture!!!
10,I used to watch commercial movies, but I feel like I'm getting healed watching these movies
10,I strongly recommend "Touching"joy-yeri
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase.It seems to have been a little bit interesting about black discrimination at that time, but it was a pleasant and different movie that gave a deep impression!^^
10,There are a lot of people who are afraid to reach out first even though they're lonely. Why doesn't this line leave?
10,It is a movie similar to "Untouchable," but more touching and empathetic than that. Not to mention the performance of Vigo Mortenson, Mahershala Ali's performance will give you goosebumps if you watched "Luke Cage." The best movie of the year has already come out.
10,It's my first time getting a rating. Laughter. Touching. Healing. It was just that I want to eat Kentucky Fried Chicken while listening to Chopin lol
9,It's been a while since I've seen a good pieceEverywhere we went on tour, there were new episodes, so it was a human drama full of humanityAnd it was a good work where I could look back and reflect on my prejudice
10,I loved the acting of the two actors Especially Bigo Mortensen.
10,My favorite movie I've seen recently
10,I'm so touched
10,It's such a good movie. It's all worth watching. It's a meaningful movies I highly recommend it
10,It's the best movie I've seen this yearㅜㅜ
10,It's a fun, touching, and relaxing movie to watch. ^^ I loved it all the way through
10,Watching a movie in time without any information is a masterpiece like this. It is a calm but deeply moving movie
10,The piano performance in the last pub was the best!
10,My younger brother bought the movie without knowing what movie it was, but it's a movie that makes my heart warm.
10,Aragon couldn't avoid time, but he made the best years
8,a beautiful and pleasing communion that transcends prejudice and prejudice
10,The best movie I've seen this year and last year
10,It's really fun. It's not just a humanism movie. The music is good, too
10,It will definitely be the best movie of the yearIt's so nice that my heart feels warm^^
10,This is a much better movie than Malmoi. It's a shame that there aren't many theaters. I felt a lingering impression of a movie after a long time
10,I enjoyed watching a movie that reminds me of "Untouchable"
10,A heart-warming and heart-warming movie.
10,You two look so good together. It's a movie that shows how we adjust to each other with the audience
10,From burnt music to visual beauty, there's nothing lacking. I recommend it!
10,Dr. Don, who wrapped himself thoroughly like his blanket sitting on his lap. The first time he showed Tony the way he was in the rain...
10,A calm storyline.Touching and laughing...
10,The reason why you and I, who are so different, have to live together
10,Best movie ever in movie history!!!!I'll give you 5 stars
10,It is a movie that remains in my mind.ㅠㅠ A movie that makes you cry while laughing!
10,The last scene is touching.
10,Untouchable: 1 per cent reversal of friendship. It's a beautiful story. None of the top movies is better than this one.
10,a Christmas-like movie once in a year
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again
8,Heart-warming. So human. ^^
9,Lightness and heaviness, the perfect combination of comedy and drama,
10,It's been a while since I last saw a movie that touches my heart. I want to watch it again if I have a chance^^
10,Calm laughter, calm emotion
9,Race and class. It's a movie about intersection. It's been a while since I've seen a movie that deals with this topic and leaves a warm impression.
10,A movie with more than 10 points! I recommend it
10,I caught both the best movies of my life and the best entertainment
10,A movie worth paying for!The story flows naturally from beginning to end, but it was interesting and I loved the movie of the main characters
10,The best movie of 2019
10,Bigo Montenson to me forever Aragon~ I heard you gained 10kg for the movie ㅜㅜ There's a reason why you look good in the role of Tony! A movie that was both fun and touching! It's fun. I recommend it
9,After a long time, I watched a movie that was not a waste of money.The process of two very different people getting to know each other is well expressed by the acting of the two actors and a heartbreaking movie.
10,Wow... It was fun, touching, and thrilling. I'm touched
10,It is a movie that is calm but witty and impressive.
10,I feel like my heart is getting warm! It's a movie that makes me think about a lot of things
10,It was a movie that made me feel sad and relieved that I am living now. But Wit is a great movie that you didn't miss! I think I'll remember it for a long time :)
10,It's a lot of fun Strongly recommend
10,It was a movie that I wanted to recommend to people around me at least once because the movie was meaningful and I thought a lot while watching it.His acting was great too.
10,It's a movie with beautiful people. It was touching and a long, lingering moment. It was a happy time
10,I'm getting emotional
10,It's a movie that made me think about many things and didn't miss out on fun.I watched it with my mom and it was so good
8,The hard journey of life sublimated by humor Hard, soft, or fierce
9,I was so impressed by the artist's solitude and patience in front of the piano performance and violent reality.
10,This is my life movie, a social film about the friendship between a quiet man fighting against invisible and visible discrimination and a man fighting for him
9,Like a white keyboard singing beautifully under a black finger
10,It lingers in my mind and it's so touching
10,You have to watch this. It's not even a long time ago. It's a story from the 1960s.
10,It's such a warm and nice story
10,a good movie from beginning to end
10,A film as dignified as Shirley's
10,one of the top ten movies of one's life
10,You guys are really good at acting.I enjoyed it To the point of being touched
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Fun and touching I really enjoyed it!
10,A really good movie with both cinematic quality and popularity
10,The warmest movie in the cold winter!!!!Strongly recommend
10,I loved it so much, and the question of life remains beyond description
10,The actors and actresses' acting are all great movies
10,It was so much fun^^
10,It's a calm and well-made movie
10,It's been a while since I felt this movie
10,Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it
10,It's a movie that has a calm aftertaste.
10,Fun, touching lessons, music, everything
8,In fact, it was a little loose until the beginning and middle of the year, but I liked that it was a movie that drew emotional agitation without forced scenes and intentionally touching parts. But it was a self-made film that ignored the opinions of the real people.The aftertaste is bitter.
10,Fun and Touching 60The vintage background of the 60s is a bonus!
8,Not to mention the actors' acting, the flow of the movie was natural, so I lost track of time and enjoyed it. Even without a big narrative, there's a lot of lingering imagery!
10,It's such a good movie. The other audience is very satisfied as we go out. :)
10,It's a beautiful movie that warms your heart
10,deeply lingering Throwing things to think about. It's a good movie.
10,The movie's plot seems like a cliche moving story, but it doesn't feel obvious at all. A warm movie that's full of emotion and fun
10,It's been a while since I've seen a trick
10,I'm going to give you a rating for the first time. It might be obvious, but...  Take a look!
10,I'm crying over your hugs.
10,You can't discriminate against ethnic Koreans, but you can't help it. It's good to sympathize with themSome
10,The best movie I've seen in recent years! I hope you watch it before you go down
10,I'm touched. Make sure to watch it
10,an impression of emotion a delightful film
9,There may be people in the world who are hard on me and degrade me, but there are people who are not. A movie about a pleasant trip with someone who gives me courage and helps me not get lost
10,The word "best" is not a waste. This is the first time I've seen such an immersive movie since the 2000s  It's my life's work, family, love, art. Everything is just touching
10,I'm happy to see a good road movie, Buddy Movie. It reminds me of Bigomotenson Eastern Pramis in the Eastern Hotel.
10,It is a meaningful movie that looks at different lives of one era from various perspectives. I hope a lot of people will watch it.
10,It's the best movie that will shine in 2019. People who live with prejudice should watch this movie
10,It's a movie that's fun and touching. Make sure to watch it Strongly recommend
10,It's the best. The best movie ever
10,A healing movie that makes you feel good ^^ I almost regretted not watching it
10,The sincerity of life came to me as a movieWhy I should live and how I should live become the light and come to me little by little
10,A heartwarming movie. I watched a movie that made me feel good after a long time
10,I watched it without any expectations. I think it's a well-made movie. Good, good
10,It's the best choice for people who don't like movies to beat up and use superpowers
10,It's so much fun
10,A movie that will be remembered even after time passes! I recommend it!
10,Prejudice and prejudice in human relations How scary and cruel is discrimination!The old man sat next to me, so I couldn't watch it quietly today. I'm sorry I didn't breathe for two hours. ㅠㅠ
10,The first movie that I really wanted everyone to watch
10,a film that lingers in one's mind The actors' acting was also good.
8,It's a movie with shining friendship and I was touched
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,Wow, it's really amazing I strongly recommend it
10,It's a movie that makes your heart warm
10,It was so much fun. I strongly recommend it! I strongly recommend it!!
10,It's fun and touching
8,It's universal, but its universality is warm
10,a moving film It's a movie that resonates
10,It was such a good movie and it was a warm and touching movieThe actors' performances were excellent
8,The chemistry between the characters is so good
10,Why aren't there many good movies like this?참It's a very meaningful movie~~♡
10,It's a true story, so I was able to be touched. ^^
10,It's a touching good movie
10,It's a movie with a lot of lingering feelings and things to think about.
10,This is what a movie is... I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,It is a movie worth watching.
10,I like movies that have calm emotions and small fun like this~~
10,It's cliche, but I enjoyed it
8,a distinct sense of subject matter about discrimination and convergence Brilliant screenplay and great lead actors who created attractive characters and situation settings. A popular movie that makes audiences feel good in this day and age.
10,It's warm! It lingers afterwards.Balleronga is really fun and it's amazing how she changed her acting skills
10,Wow, it was Aragon. But it's full of charms
10,It doesn't feel like 130 minutes!It's a good movie
10,A really good movie. Make sure you watch it Really
10,It's a beautiful story where a completely different person becomes close, and I love it until the end.
8,Love, friendship, music, race, occupation, home - a story that can think of everything.
9,Alone, alone, good to see. I want to see it again.
8,a serene account of discrimination and minorities
10,I kept crying when I played the piano in a black bar.
10,The acting of the two main actors was good first, and they expressed the main character's inner self as a racist and sexual minority. The supporting actors' acting, good OSTs, and a movie that wouldn't be a waste of 15 points
10,Proper gag and lost time story. Watching a movie like a movie after a long time
10,I think it will be a memorable movie of the year even if I look back after the end of the year.
10,It was so good. It's even more touching
10,The movie that left a deep impression on the two actors' chemistry was also good! It was such a wonderful Merry Christmas! ^^
9,Maybe because I watched the movie "Untouchable" 1% friendship, it felt a lot similar. The subject is a bit different, but... It was calm and I laughed from time to time. It was good.
10,We've forgotten how great E-Mart is.
10,Bigomotensen's acting was fun
10,The Green Book is a travel guidebook for blacks published from 1936 to 66.It is a story about racism based on a true story about a relationship between a black genius pianist and a white man who became a contractor during a performance tour in the southern United States.
9,Best acting quality, best screenplay, best directing, best captions. Angry with captions
10,It's great. It's touching, it's humor, it's natural scenery. It's not missing anything
10,It was sad, but it made me laugh. I enjoyed it.It's like a memorable movie. The male characters also acted very well.
10,길 위의 눈
10,Among the movies I've seen recently, I've chosen and watched very well. A happy movie. A calm feeling and thrill throughout the whole time.Even the warmth of the piano melody.Recommended angle
10,I think the word "masterpiece" is more appropriate than "masterpiece"
10,It's time to reflect on your prejudice
10,It's a rare move in recent years.
10,I've been smiling happily ever after Aragon was cute and charmingL
10,It's the best. Please increase the screenings~~
9,One of the few special films with completeness and simplicity
10,I watched it thinking what movie it was because the rating was good, but it's my life movie.the real thing
10,A movie that makes you think calmly ^^ It's fun
10,A movie you can watch twice, you should never be racist.
10,Thank you for the warm and touching movie.It would be great if more people could watch this kind of movie
10,It was the most touching Buddy movie I've ever seen in my life. It's based on a true story, so I was more impressed.
10,It's a calm, light, and pleasant movie. I think it's going to be a great year to see the first movie of 2019 through the Green Book
10,It's a movie that touches people of color Top
10,It was so much fun. His acting is the best and his singing is all good
10,The heart-warming and heart-breaking process of getting to know each other's pain and joy. I can't believe Farrelly had this kind of sensitivity!
10,I wanted to watch more of their stories, so I was so immersed that it was sad that the movie ended The best movie I've seen recently!
10,It was a really fun movie for the first time in a while
10,Wow... The movie of my life is crazy. While I was watching, my mood swings... Thank you for making it the best.
10,I almost ordered chicken while watching it late at night.
10,It's a calm and touching movie
10,It's really fun. Make sure to watch it at the theater
10,A movie that gave us a deep understanding of the racism that black people would have received in those days. It was so much fun to see the relationship between the two that changed as the story progressed
10,Shirley's performance is a high-end concert, but... There's no place for Shirley to eat before her donation. Because I'm black... Human duality is still in many places.
10,Best movie of the last year
10,If it's acting, if it's fun, if it's fun, if it's a lesson, it'
8,It's very calm  a smiley film
10,The story with a calm and humorous theme and the acting skills of the delicate and intense actors were really good. The first start of 2019 is really good! I recommend it. Have a healing time
10,It's the best
10,The opposite characters are well harmonized
10,It's a masterpiece that unravels a serious topic with sincerity and bromance!
10,The American landscape is nice and the story is warm
10,Vigo Mortensen / Food that you can trust and eat Fried Chicken
10,It was fun and very touching. America's dark past. I can't believe there was a time like that. I think I know why so many people gave me 10 points.
10,Kentucky Fried Chicken! I can't miss it!
10,a good movie
10,It is a heart-warming movie.Make sure to watch it!
10,I think it was a good thing to see the Green Book as the first movie of the year.
10,A movie that reminds us of our prejudices.
8,It's warm and little fun, I'm glad I watched the movie
10,I watched a good movie after a long time A heartwarming and delightful movie!!!! Highly recommended ^^
8,Aragon, were you able to act like this?
10,I didn't expect much, but it was so fun and touching.
10,It's really my life...It's really fun and...I recommend it because it's touching and lingering
10,You're the best. You'll regret it if you don't watch it. The first movie of the new year in 2019 will be roughly recommended!
10,Simply put, it's a great movie where you can compress everyone's emotions. It was so fun and touching
8,A good movie to a resonance, ambient medley.
10,Make sure you watch it. It's a really good movie.
10,It's a heart-warming healing movie that I watched while laughing with (G)I-DLE
10,The tempo of being unable to lose concentration in the midst of a pleasant calmness The power of a parley of messages
10,It is the best movie...
8,I think it's a good movie to watch~~
10,The best movie in a long time
10,I'm not good at speaking long, but... Make sure you watch itㅠㅠ The first movie of the new year was healing Hahaha
10,Because of his first impression during the movie, I believed that Tony would never turn into a likable person. How can the characters be so charming? ㅠㅠ I loved their chemistry! I really enjoyed the movie
10,The best. I want to recommend it
10,It's a movie that I want to recommend as the 0th place. Bohemian Rebsody, don't try to get 10 million hearts, I want you to increase the number of movie theaters. I hope it goes viral.Fun and touching... I hope you'll be successful at the box office.
10,I saw it at the movie theater. It's been a while since I watched a movie that was worth the money. I want to keep it, have prejudice, and watch it when I want to understand others
10,It's a calm and healing movie. Some might think it's boring
10,It's a heart-warming movie~~ㅜㅜ
9,Although there are differences, discrimination is no, no. It is a serious but interesting work that solves heavy themes
10,I met another movie of my life movie~~ It's a masterpiece that's so touching!
10,Endurance against discrimination. A warm Christmas with friendship at the end of the tour
10,I think I came out after watching the fairy tale episode. I enjoyed it
10,I just saw it and came out~It's a movie that warms my heart~^^
10,Will there be more movies than this this year?
10,It takes courage to win someone's heart
10,It's a great movie. It's a real movie
10,The discriminatory remarks I made inadvertently, the movie that reminds me of the discriminatory perceptions that were naturally underlying and thoughtful of them.
10,Wow. Brother Aragon. He's even cooler!
10,It's a movie that breaks my heart because of discrimination and the friendship between the two men. What happened to the piano performance of Ali, the actor who played Don Shirley? Is he also a genius pianist? It was a movie that really enjoyed listening to music
9,It was predictable even before I watched it, but it was fun Although the reality and the movie were quite different, I like the way it is now, focusing more on harmony and understanding than on struggle It's disgusting to even incite a fight in the modern world in the movies
8,...it's fun but I don't know 10 points...
10,On a heavy snowfall night, when the police stopped the car driven by the main character for the second time, we would have predicted police lines or actions. But the prediction itself felt like we were caught in the back of our heads knowing that it was a prejudice that we had throughout the movie!
10,Best! Nothing more to say!
10,I highly recommend this movie to all my family and friends^^
10,I'm going to watch it again. It's subtly fun.
10,It's witty from time to time and the content is the best. The reality that discrimination was natural even after an important position was lost was bitter. I really liked the performance scene at Orange Bird. There were a lot of famous lines and I enjoyed it.
10,The actor's acting was good and the content was goodI want to watch movies like this often, but I'm sad that there aren't many
10,I hope it'll be screened in more places and more people will watch it
10,It's so touching...It's a warm movie
10,a profound reflection on human prejudice
9,Looking at the calm daily life on the screen, I am enjoying the feeling of satiety after reading each book of prejudice, conflict, genius, friendship, and love
10,Great performance and warm bromance combined well...
10,Even I suspected a police officer in the last part had a prejudice.I realized that I should get rid of prejudice first
8,learn from others on the road
10,It's a movie that really resonates
10,Every generation has their own problemsThe friendship that's in there is touching
10,The movie that I want to watch again. The movie that's worth the time
9,It's a very warm movie with humanism. The movie is based on a true story of a racist era. It is a movie that touches the hearts of men
10,It's calm and nice  I want to recommend it
10,I just saw it and it's too bad there aren't many people in the movie theater It's really fun. It's a movie that's not a waste of money
10,It was touching.I strongly recommend Good Movie
8,Dumb and Dumber, I can't believe it was made by the director who made you too light for me. The director seems to have grown old.
10,It would have been better if I watched a movie with a good person, but it was sad to watch it alone
10,It's definitely the most touching movie of the movie of the year
9,Earlier last year, the Florida project, earlier this year, this movie
8,I recommend a movie to watch.
10,It's really nice. I hope you watch a movie
9,I watched it with my children in elementary and middle school, and it was fun and touching
10,The Lord of the Rings, I believe...It's not a role called cool, but coolness is leaking. I enjoyed the good movie
10,I keep thinking about Shirley's sad eyes ㅜㅜ
10,It's a very interesting movie to watch
10,It's so much fun. It's a must-see movie
10,It's a great road and buddy movie.
10,This is a real movie
10,Please watch it It's my favorite movie
10,There were many other films that showed deep-rooted black-and-white conflicts in American society, but the mutual respect for each other in a comparative situation where intelligent high-quality black people and low-quality white people give a lot of thought.
10,Prejudice can't be broken easily.
10,prejudice disappears on snowy roads
10,It was a satisfying movie
9,This kind of movie is really good now. It is simple and simple.It's fun.
10,It's a movie that feels warm after watching it.Thank you for the good music and the humane movie
10,The best masterpiece of 2019
10,The best... The best... Just look at it. Untouchable, 1% as touching as friendship. Ah... I want to see you again. Don's piano performance at the black bar is the best
10,The first movie of 2019 is off to a good start
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It wasn't too provocative, it wasn't crazy, and I liked the detailed portrayal of the times and characters The movie that I enjoyed the most this year, even though the number of theaters was pushed back
10,I strongly recommend it It's a good movie
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it.
10,10 out of 10 for the beautiful music story
10,I want to go see it again. A black man who couldn't play classical music.
10,If you watch a movie like this...I'm thinking. ♥♥♥
10,It was a healing movie Please increase the number of theaters
10,The dignity is elegant but can be too cold and hard. Humanity is relaxed but has a sultry looseness. A fairy tale movie for adults who grow up exchanging dignity and humanity. It is calm and warm.
10,It was a movie with a calm aftertaste and meaning.
9,A film that people now need, full of hate
10,Video beauty and movie OST...It's still lingering. The last part is a refreshing and warm movie.It's not a metaphor. It's a classy movie that the audience can feel
10,The best movie I've seen in recent years, The movie shows Mahershala Ali's performance, focusing on music, acting, messages, and growth stories, that only the dignity can win. It's a must-see movie for the new year of 2019. Another movie I want to watch...
10,After watching this movie, I came to understand the current PCismMasterpiece of a true-life black human rights film that desperately understands their long-suffering feelings
10,It's a pleasant, calm, but heavy transmission of sensitive issues. The actors' acting, scenery, and music were great. It's unfortunate that there aren't many theaters, but I hope many people watch it.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel comfortable
9,It is a heartwarming movie based on the sad times.  We're starting 2019 with a good drama!
10,It was a movie that made me feel warm in the cold winter.
10,It's a collection movie. Make sure to take it.
10,If it's fun, please recommend it. If it's not fun, please click
10,It's a movie of my life.
10,I've never felt this touched since "Love Actually"
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Thank you for watching such a movie.
10,I saw the best movie.  The scenes that are not threatening at all are so tense and heartbreaking at some point and warm at some point.
10,It's a masterpiece of my life
8,Typical flow cleanliness
10,I loved the chemistry between the two characters
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,+2 Movies that lack 10 ratings, stories that make you laugh, move, and think a lot, life movies, lovely movies, more screenings... This kind of movie...
8,The bromance was so good and it felt like a fusion of oil and water, but the reason why I took out 2 points is that I didn't get permission from the actual Don Shirley bereaved family and it's different from the reality. This movie would be perfect if it was released around 20 OOO Christmas
10,It's not special, but it was nice because it was warm
10,This piece is one of the top 5 this year. It's such a great piece
10,The best movie of 2019
8,a film showing the cruelty of color racism of the time
10,It feels like I'm traveling after a long time. It's very warm ㅊㅊ
10,More than I expected... It's a movie that I watched while wondering if the actors were unfamiliar and the title was unfamiliar... I understand why they commented that it was the best movie ever.
10,A really great movie. I reflected a lot while watching this movie, and I hope people's perceptions will change a lot. What's shocking is that Tony was the Lord of the Rings Aragon Hah!
10,You can beat violence by keeping your dignity, not by beating prejudice by violence
10,A movie that shows the greatness of chicken
10,I think it's been a while since I watched a moving movie. The song was really good, too!
10,It's touching. I love the last scene
10,I really want to give you 100 points. I wonder what the hell is in the heads of racist people. What's so good about you guys?
10,How long has it been since I saw such a jewel-like movie? (Mahershala Ali was so cool that her eyes and heart were even more joyful!)
10,It's a movie where people with very different personalities meet and become one and make people laugh and move
10,A movie that could have a run time of two more hours. The chemistry between the two characters was so good that it ended, but it's too bad. I want to see more. A calm but witty and pleasant movie. I liked it because I didn't force myself to laugh or force myself to do something.
9,Road movies, good people, music that's fun to listen to throughout the movie
10,I didn't expect a lot So I just looked up the poster and searched the story, and the movie that I got left a deep impression on me
10,Bromance to overcome racism, giving small smiles and touching moments
10,Masterpiece!It's a movie with funny, touching, and humorous messages
10,It's worth seeing if you're interested in black culture.
10,Black, white, yellow, yellow, racism, really, no, women and men are equal, let's really fight and understand the idea of yes, left-wing or right-wing, left-wing, right-wing, right-wing, right-wing, right-wing, right-wing, right-wing
10,There is a little smile and emotion in the middle of the movie. Overall, it's calm but never boring. However, it is said to be a true story, and most of the stories in the movie were adapted, although they depicted real characters. Please refer to it!
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently. I like movies like this. In particular, their friendship shone.
10,Watch it twice, watch it three times...
10,It's a really good movie!!
10,A movie where you can feel warm emotions
10,This year's first movie is perfect. Make sure you watch it
10,Looking at each other and approaching each other
10,A movie that warms your heart during the cold winter!
10,The main character is Don Shirley.It's so cool and elegant.I like both piano and music.Don Shirley's loneliness that doesn't belong anywhere...It's a touching true story and music movie that connects BORAP.There were some funny moments in between, so I enjoyed it.I strongly recommend it!
10,It's a very heavy topicHe's so witty Thank you
10,It is a sin to discriminate against peopleIt sounds like an obvious story, but it's not an obvious movieThe jazz piano melody was really good, too
8,It was a touching movie that made me think about many things. I enjoyed it after a long time
10,Just look...It's really the best.Fun and touching
10,the most beautiful way of playing the shame of the times
10,I logged in on purpose because I wanted to give you a rating. I've been in a beautiful and warm fairy tale for 2 hours I feel like I'm out It would have been better if it was released last Christmas. The friendship that grows both of us is so warm and touching^^
10,It's humorous and touching I got emotional from time to time There was a smile on my lips the whole time I watched it without getting bored! It was fun looking at Dr. Shirley's clothes
10,I live in Sillim, and as of today, there are 1 movie at noon and 19 Malmoi...
10,So much fun. Good acting. Refund event. But honestly, if I get a refund, I don't want to waste money on movies like this
10,Perfect cast, touching story and witty lines. It was the best!
8,We all need courage to overcome discrimination against people. The heavy subject was solved in popular speech. a decent film
10,I really hope a lot of people will watch it. They're all the same people.
10,Quietly, moderately humorous. Above all, the atmosphere itself is warm. ㅜㅜ There are many things that make me angry because I deal with racism, but in order to solve it, I have to face it first!!! Merry Christmas..!!!★
9,How wonderful it is to understand each other and assimilate into the other's world.I envy their lifelong friendship
10,I heard it's based on a true story. I enjoyed it a lotI lost track of time
10,A movie that makes you think a lot
10,I watched a good movie after a long time. I don't know if there aren't many audiences because it's a weekday or if the audience's taste is different, but if you haven't seen it, watch it~~  It's a warm movie. It makes me think a lot.
10,All right... I mean it's true
10,The best movie released on 20OOO was "Green Book," neither Rome nor Bohemian Rhapsody.
10,Heartwarming movie... I want to recommend it to my daughter
9,The green book that I'm welcomed into. It's a movie that makes me cry
10,I'm so grateful to see a masterpiece that makes me look back on myself without being too emotional or appealing to humanity
10,It leaves a lot of lingering feelings. I hope you watch it
10,Movies are good, but it's worth knowing at least the basics of American history and culture Various stereo types
10,Make sure to watch it! Make sure to watch it!
10,There are so many movies I want to watch this year, but how can such a masterpiece come out in advance? 용기 Without courage, without together, without trying to understand me, and we...
10,It was a movie that left a lingering impression.
10,It's a heart-warming movie with laughter, tears, and echoes. I strongly recommend it!
10,Make sure you watch it. It makes me think about a lot of things. It's very calm and fun.
10,It's a heartwarming movie. You can't feel that person's feelings only when you go through it.
10,Peter Farrelly as director when we go up to the ending credits? Dumb and Dumber, something about Mary, her too light for me, the brother of the Farrelly brothers? It was the most interesting movie I've seen recently, and the story that flows like a stream, and the advertisement copy is "Calm moving and heavy echo."
9,It is more touching that this is a true story. A movie that is good to watch when you are hit by people and tired of life.
10,It was a more fun and pleasant movie than I thought. It's the most expensive movie I've seen recently
10,It's a great movieIt was time to think about racism
10,A movie that reminds you of "Untouchable" but also warms your heart.
10,I saw the American version of Taxi Driver.
9,I thought you looked familiar, and you were Argon. You two are acting so well Dr. Shirley, in particular, seems to give you almost all the pleasure you expect from a movie, but I like this more than a fancy movie
10,It's really fun...I strongly recommend it.
9,The story of two men who are different from each other meeting and becoming alike. Two months alone can make a lot of difference. If only I had courage.
9,It's a movie that I want to recommend to people around me who have small fun and fall in love from beginning to end!
10,a non-mainstream in the mainstream The process of changing shoes.
10,A movie that's worth watching with both touching and fun
10,A moving true story that I haven't seen in years! A movie that touches my heart
10,Boyfriend: It's so much fun! Aragon: A light, light, light, pleasant movie
10,I don't usually get a GPA...This movie is so good. It's a trick and it's fun. Strongly recommend
10,It's touching. ♡ It's a movie that I really want to recommendThe two actors with opposite tendencies are so immersed in their acting
10,It was so nice. It was better than Chet Baker
10,It's a movie that would be good for more people to watch
10,Best of best!^^!
10,Best movie to watch again
8,I thought it was a movie that was made to jump on the PC craze of the Academy, but the combination of Aragon and Moonlight Black led to a fun movie, making me want to eat KFC
10,Such a good movie. I think I'll go and watch it alone
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot
10,It's a movie that's going viral and won't be weird if it's a few million people, and it looks obvious before you watch it, but it's not really like that at all. I just get sucked into the two actors' acting and musical humor. Make sure to watch it. The Academy is also looking forward to seeing that the award details are already spectacular.
10,위엄은 언제나 우세하다.
10,The best movie...Recommendation
10,I erased prejudice against others and made friendship! a film of warmth and humor
10,This is what a movie is like! What else do I need to say?
10,I didn't know what it was about and I was so immersed in it.  There's the beauty of the video, and there's another way of looking at it. It feels like I've already seen the best movie in 2019 ^^ Make sure to watch it!
10,The first movie I saw this year is a green book. It's the best movie
10,It's a nice beautiful movie.
10,I enjoyed watching it after a long time. To the point where you want to clap afterwards.
10,It's a movie that conveys great enlightenment in this era full of disgust. If you want to be respected, respect first.
10,It's so impressive that we accept each other without prejudice and change
10,This year is still the beginning, but I personally think Green Book is the movie of the year. I think the story of prejudice is so beautiful and pleasantly drawn
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,It's the best movie!I really recommend it!
10,I watched it without any expectations, but I was moved. It's really a well-made movie.
10,The last concert at Jjamba was so touching that I almost cried
10,But as time went by, I got to the end
6,I see some signs of effort
10,There is a constant warmth in my heart.
10,Best movie about prejudice since Get Out.
10,I hope you don't judge based on the title. A heartwarming movie, not boring.
10,It's the best. I hope everyone watches it. I recommend it. ^^
10,The content is good, the visuals are good, the music is good, the actors' acting is great, and if you were happy while watching, don't look at the domestic manga that is talking about weird masterpieces, but look at the green book It's a shame this movie isn't being promoted properly
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I watched a movie after a long time.
10,I watched it with my husband. I should've watched it with my daughterIt's a touching movie, but I strongly recommend it because it makes you laugh
10,It's such a fun and warm movie
10,Great story acting, so you can watch it with a smile from time to time
10,Aragonian transformer Ali's smart acting Rachmaninov
10,Maybe it's because I didn't look forward to it. It was so good and touching!
10,Maybe it's because I didn't look forward to it. It was so good and touching!
9,Certain movie theaters even offer a refund event if they are not satisfied, but I don't think anyone will give a refund.a great movie
10,It's like watching "Infinite Challenge" Hyungdon and HongchulI was going crazy because both of you were so cute
10,I saw it yesterday, but I already miss it again. It's a masterpiece!
10,Best movie of the year! So far...
6,There are often scenes where captions fail to capture the witty lines, which makes the playtime boring because Tony's jokes are buried.  As the movie itself has become loose, the immersion level has decreased, so I can't empathize with the main characters in the drama. A boring review in the early and mid to late period
10,This is the movie. This is the movie.
10,It is a pity that there are few theaters because there are many Korean movies in the time of release.It's a heartwarming movie. Recently, there have been a lot of movies that disappointed me after looking forward to it, but this movie is very satisfying as much as I expected
10,The movie's uncomfortable theme, which needs more theaters, has been captured in both fun and touching
10,I can't believe you're solving this heavy topic of racism in such a pleasant way.It's really the best.
10,Screenplay and acting. It's the best!I hope a lot of people watch it, get out of prejudice (including me), and warm your heart ^^ Make sure to watch it!!!
10,This kind of movie needs to go viral. It's because there's no coffin. It was too late, so I was dozing off for 2 hours and a half, and it was time to say goodbye. It's not too heavy or too light on color discrimination.  It is a movie that makes your eyes and ears happy and warm. Musical performance. Good
10,It's fun and lessons at the same time.
10,Containing a weighty theme in harmony in an easy-to- The real story and the reversal of the Lord of the Rings
10,It's January, but this year's movie class!
9,Like a warm Christmas present
10,A perfect movie. I can't express it anymore.
10,It was funny, sad, funny, sad, sad, funny and sadDolores and Tony are so lovely ㅠㅠT
10,The flow of the movie is good, but I'm glad to know great actors^^
10,Dignity... I'm going to learn, too.
10,a luxury brand that has shown human intolerance in a scathing way
10,Perfect... I want to watch a heartwarming movie and a movie with echo
10,It was so much fun. It was a movie that lingered for a long timeIt's a movie that's not too spicy. It's like Kentuckoo Fried Chicken mildI don't get sick of it!!!
10,I didn't expect much from it was so fun and touchingIt's a movie that makes me think a lotI hope you watch it
10,It's such a good movieStrongly recommend
8,"Driving Miss Daisy" manly version.
10,Merry Christmas to the police officer.It's so warm...
10,Healing movies... Things like this
10,I saw it on the first day of its release and personally, it was really my taste. It was calm but not boring at all, and I was able to immerse myself in the movie from beginning to end.It's a movie that's warm and pleasant and makes you think about "Discrimination"
10,Ha.. I need to increase the number of theaters and the time for this kind of movie. It's just the previews, the fancy bubble movies, all over the place.Too bad
10,The story was heartwarming, and the small humor, great piano performance and background music were all goodMake sure to watch it
5,In fact, Dr. Shirley hired Tony Balleronga as a driver and bodyguard, but he did only one concert during his tour in the South, and most of the film was made without any advice or contact from the Shirley family
10,It was warm, sad, calm, funny and the best.There's no forced tears. Aragon is the best
10,I added it to my list of best movies
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
8,a pleasure to listen to piano performance of the piano
10,A good movie! It shows the flow of emotions
8,It's a very heavy topic
10,Make sure to watch it! It's a movie that you can't miss out on, like Bohemian Rhapsody, that you can look for related materials on YouTube after watching it!
10,My heart is warm. Thank you for writing for me
10,I saw the preview and it was amazing.  If you are interested in black discrimination, please watch it. Listening to music is fun, the content is quite high in completion, and most of all, it is all the more touching because it is based on a true story. Awesome! See you!
10,The process of two different people opening their hearts and getting to know each other was wonderful.  I want to see you again.
8,The theme is heavy, but it's not too dark and serious
10,I never regret it
10,I enjoyed it a lot. Similar to Hidden Figures, it's touching and fun!
10,I liked the music, acting, and content
10,Best! A great movie about discrimination with wit
10,It was a touching movie that warmed my heart.
10,Well-organized screenplay and the power of actors.It's so heart-warming
10,It's a great movie Make sure you watch it
10,From the title to the last scene, it's a fun, touching, and meaningful movie. I really enjoyed it
9,Human beings seem to be prejudiced and prejudiced against what they can become close to, and racism in the 1960s felt real
10,The Kentucky Fried Chicken scene was so much fun
5,I heard that it was based on a true story, but I was so bored that I was sleepy. The piano melody and the acting of the two main characters were good
10,It's my first time leaving something like thisIt's really worth recommending As expected, Hollywood
10,It's a story that I've seen so often, but is there a movie that melts so naturally? More natural than sour, Don Shirley's scream in the rain seemed to express at once the uneasiness I had felt for myself at various gatherings The best true story since the blind side!
7,influence each other as a guidebook Vigo Mortenson and Mayhershala Ali's performances are reversed and contrasted with great harmony.
10,I want to recommend that it's a must-see movie It's touching
10,Dignity and sincerity. The two words meet and heal me on my way home. Make sure to watch it, everyone!
10,I turned it off at 20:40, and I thought it would be fun to watch such a good movie at the same time. If I left the theater feeling refreshed, I would still be impressed
10,It's fun without any decorations, music, videos, and delicious wild vegetables
10,Recently, I watched a movie that is very rare. Green Book...
10,I hope you watch it.:)))
10,It's a movie like a guide to life that makes me think about what to endure and what courage to take for me, who may be living a tiring life, besides the part of the times and the prejudice that remains in the modern world.
10,It's so much fun ㅠㅠㅠThis kind of movie should be exclusive to the screen, but it makes me look back on myself
10,I was worried that I would be disappointed with the actor because I was looking forward to it so much after watching the preview, but all the feelings I wanted, a message to deliver, came out. A movie that I want to keep and watch many times
10,I watched a movie after work, and for the first time this winter felt warm
8,I'm on my way home after watching it. It's fun
10,The best movie I've seen this year! :) So much fun
8,I liked it because we had a good sense of humor
10,I liked the music that makes my ears happy and the acting of the two actors
10,Make sure you watch it.The best movie of my life movie
10,Make sure you watch it.The best movie of my life movie
10,A feast of light humor and vivid, lovely characters that make you smile all the time
10,I forgot to buy the ticket, but I will try again with penalty points to get 500 won
10,a heartwarming and touching film
10,My mother in her 60s was also satisfied.
10,It's touching. I strongly recommend it.
10,Whenever racist scenes come out, I feel sad and sad, but I think it came to me more pitifully because I didn't describe it as a provocative situation. I was able to think in my own way. I enjoyed it. It's warm and calm, so I hope you can see it at least once. A little bit of humor.
10,Yes, chicken is always right
10,It's a comfortable, warm and touching movie. It's a shame that there aren't many theaters in Lotte Cinemacrying
10,The best movie of my life. You deserve 10 points
10,Best movie of the year. It's cool to work together to overcome discrimination between the rich, the poor, and the region by knowing the sincerity of two different men while courageously challenging reckless challenges. Especially in the beginning, it's touching to see each and every scene at the end
10,The reality of ignorant white and cultured black people - not a funny movie at all
10,I was worried that it might be boring because of the story, but it's a well-made movie that shines with the acting and chemistry of the two main characters. There was also a calm laugh code, so I really enjoyed it There's still lingering feelings
10,Bigomotenson is cool even if you gain weight - ^^ It may be an obvious friendship movie that reminds you of Untouchable, but the cheerful jazz piano and the acting of the two actors are well harmonized to make a good work A movie that makes you feel good
10,A movie like a 1% friendship is fun and touching
10,It's very touching and I like the warmth of it  It makes me smile and feel emotional  Recommendation!
10,There's a movie of my life! I strongly recommend it
10,Details of the two actors' outstanding "psychological changes" in support of outstanding material that encompasses both "friendship" and "racism." And "Music" as a bonus. This movie is a masterpiece.
9,A truly authentic road movie. foretell us now beyond the ages
10,Tony's witty remarks and actions make me laugh at the heavy theme, and it's a shame that a movie that I wish had been released on Christmas came out now
10,I hope many people watch it
10,It harmonizes laughter and emotion in the movie
10,I don't think I've ever felt this good on my way out of a movie  Recommend.
8,The most witty and dignified way to confront prejudice is from small changes.
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot.
10,It's a great movie. Thank you.
10,It's like a human movie.  It wasn't a waste of money!
10,"Meaning together" in prejudice.
10,Heart-warming healing movie ^^
10,The story is solid, touching, and extremely realistic, so I watched it better. A film that is calm but not too funny and light.  I miss you again.I got emotional while watching a movie.
10,The movie I want to watch again is the best
9,a portrait drawn by others with sheet music and a handle
10,A movie that talks a lot. A magical movie that overturns even the prejudices you already have.
8,For a world without a green book
10,It is a movie that makes KFC chicken go crazy after watching it.
7,It was worse than "Untouchable," but the story is pretty good.  -1 point for forced homosexual scenes
10,Fun and humorous movie. I feel like something good happens after watching it
10,I like them all...E-Mart songs keep ringing in my ears
10,Mortensen, you're such a...
10,It seems like yesterday that you played the role of a middle-aged macho in "King of the Rings" by Big Brother Mortensen.
10,It's so much fun. You need a movie like this. This is a movie
10,Something that touches my heart is approaching
10,2019 Academy Award for Best Picture, Green Book, Best Supporting Actor, Mahershala Ali!
10,It's fun. It's better because I can think a lot.
10,I recommend the best movie released in January.
10,The movie itself is very fun, but it's very different from the real thing In fact, Dr. Shirley and Valeronga were not that close, and they were no more than employers and employees Look for articles about it
9,Remark: Mortensen's acting was really good
9,The details are good and the music is exciting. A movie that's predictable but not to skip
8,How does a racist person feel?Aren't white people the same? Even Italians discriminate?It's a fortune teller, right?  It's a good four-character idiom!
10,It was a heartwarming movie, a movie that left a good feeling even afterwards. I hope many of you watch it and get off to a good start^^
10,Best movie. Meaningful movie
10,I'm on my way back from the 9:15 movie early morning at Gangnam CGV. Please watch it
8,The ugliness behind the nobility.Tony's change is amazing and Shirley's courage is admirable.It's our first movie of the year, and we're off to a good
10,I hope all the green books in the world disappear! It's the most touching! ㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot. It's a must-see movie
10,It's the best. Make sure you watch it
10,I saw it at the premiere, and I strongly recommend it!I hope a lot of people watch it
8,Open your Green Book when your life is tired and you need courage.
