미세스 다웃파이어
6,I was able to determine the gender of the actor
2,Does this make sense? Don't you recognize your wife and kids because they dress up? It was so childish
1,It's really no fun. He's so angry all the time. He's so angry even from the main character's point of view. But from his point of view, he's not funny. I don't understand why he's so rated high
1,The human body and the advanced countries.
1,Beijing Airlines Aviation Industry Administration's Fantastic Nights
1,The French National Aeronautics and Space Administration agreed to the walnut man's first attempt.
1,Cross-border Republican International Public Law
6,Was it middle school Lunar New Year? I used to see it at the theater.
1,Elelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelelele
4,I'm sorry, but it wasn't good.It wasn't funny, it wasn'I just miss Robin Williams
1,The last scene was very good. I think 9 points would be good
6,Not as funny as I thought. Robin Williams' acting is worth watching
5,If it wasn't for Robin Williams, the film doesn't exist
4,21 years ago movie that became a cliche now~ I don't think I would have had a hard time if I had been faithful as the head of the family by taking advantage of my talent. Comic and touching are both easy to understandable.
1,Oh, I heard it was fun, so I watched it, but I was tricked
1,The incompetent, irresponsible head of the family...It's just a kid's friend.You make money and you clean up.
5,If you want to be a valuable person, not a successful person, you can do it like an interest.
1,Fun disguise?But the score is too high, so 1 point. About 8 points
1,not much
6,A movie that believes in the good power that children give.
4,I don't like it
1,I saw it in the original language, but honestly, it's not fun.
4,I don't like the role of Robin Williams in the movies. Always talking about smiling faces and the importance of family because it's so textbook and pretentious that it's so boring.  Real freedom and happiness can only be found if you recognize that the best values always change.
1,서열을 모르다
6,If you saw it when you were young, you would have been impressed.
1,It didn't impress me.
6,Family movies seem to have proper humor and basic warmth
6,It's nice to take it lightly
5,When my arm bends in, will Mr. Doubtfire really understand? But Sally Field is young
2,"dude's like a lady"..A movie that was used as my English conversation.
2, well
6,I can't believe you kicked your caring, homely, cheerful husband out of the kids for no reason -ㅅ-
3,I'm not attracted. It's true that it's instructive
