반지의 제왕: 두 개의 탑
1,Britain, the last boss of imperialism who stole and devastated the world.British-born Rothschild is now plotting to dominate the world. Why is it so long for nothing?
6,I really enjoyed watching it
4,People say Gollum is funny and fun, but I'm not. Of course, it's funny, but it's touching and the storyline is the first one. The second part is cool. Not really. The third one is better. Overall, I think the first episode was the best
3,
5,
1,I don't know if it's a rating on the name value.It was boring.
1,"Hairy, Hairy, Hairy, Hairy, Hairy, Hairy, Hairy"
1,Nugin gritted his teeth and burst.
2,The whole series of Lord of the Rings is just a copy and paste of an animation that first came out in the 1970s and 80s.Since there is no adaptation or production of Jackson, I think the copyright of the movie series should go to the animation producer. As expected, Jackson's directing and planning ability is B-class movie "Rubber Man."
1,I don't know what I'm sorry.
1,preferential prices for active start-up of household registration
1,No other way to recover is as big as an individual.
1,Stuart High Diabetes on the Internet of the Chinese Embassy
3,I'm less sleepy than the first episode, so I'll give you 3 points
4,The Battle of Helm Gorge is a spectacle, but nothing to see but the joy of the eyes
6,It's like the Hobbits, who are the pants owners of the canyons and have nothing to do with them, are coming out like they've gone through a lot
4,I don't know why the ratings are so high. I can't keep up with the emotions
1,I'm having so much fun. So much fun
2,Like the previous work, it offers a large scale, long playback time, and extreme boredom.It is not easy to concentrate because the story is wrapped with grandeur and seriousness all the time.Footage of New Zealand's Mother Nature as it stands, and the massive battle in the second half is worth watching.
1,500 vs 30 million won the battle of absolute heavy amulets with the support of 2,000 horsemen! Isn't that strange? Even if reinforcements come, 2,500 vs 30,000 people, but at the end, the horsemen cut them all up, and of course, the horsemen are the best infantrymen, but up to this point
1,It's not my style. It doesn't suit me
1,The third episode of "The Lord of the Rings" is the most worth watching! The downside of fantasy is that it's not realistic ^^
5,Almost 3 hours is hard work for me, but as I get closer to the main story, I am a little interested. I had a hard time watching the previous one. I think it's better than the previous one. I should watch up to the third one
1,I don't know why this movie has such a high rating. It's too accidental for a novel based work The actors can't act and it's a waste of money. Many people say that "The Lord of the Rings" is a masterpiece. Is this trash a masterpiece?  Below all levels of workability, story, and connectivity
1,It's a masterpiece, but... It's so boring... There's nothing left.
6,It's like you're reading an epic.The grand scale, world view, and battle scenes are great, but the story is not special, but the movie is long, so it's kind of boring in the middle...It may have been groundbreaking when it was released in the past, but there are many movies with various stories as well as visuals these days
5,The magnificent and huge war scene is very good. It was also good to capture characters that are easy to lose their parts without missing them.
1,the worst movie series of all time
2,A series of screens that make you gasp!  It's a long time, past the prelude, and it's the start.
1,The rating is too high.
1,It's a bit boring...not much
4,It's a great work with a better visual and a really smooth story than the first one, but it's the same as boring
1,Liv Tyler, it's too little
1,an overrated movie
5,A movie that was much better than the first, but the last-minute war scene was somewhat less than expected
1,be not loyal to a movie
1,Loyalty! Golom, you're so loyal!
1,There is no loyalty in front of the ring. a fierce fight for possession
1,1 point for all Korean women because of this movie
1,One point for the big fish!
1,a ridiculous ring-and-ring movie
1,It's not one
1,Are you the only one who has the absolute ring? I'll give you 1 point without loyalty.
1,How can you go to the West without a pro?
1,Goodbye.
1,Even a pro who doesn't
1,Make Gollum woongji and make them be loyal
1,Loyal Legolas
1,The ring that I thought would be loyal is not even part one diamond.
1,I think it's too high.Actually, it's not that big of a deal
4,The background is nice, the quality is nice... The story is good, but the movie is too long. It's a little boring
3,But it was so boring that I couldn't even see the end of it. Lord of the Rings is fun, but not as much as I expected
1,It's really boring. I stopped watching it.
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,Nanjae Leeupseo9876543210
5,I must be weird. Why am I so bored?
2,It's better than 1
6,Gollum's full-fledged performance. At that time, it was worth watching the full-fledged war production with the orcs and the entree, but to be honest, it was boring.
6,I don't know why the Lord of the Rings is so funny.   Still, 6 points
1,FANTASY, go away.In cartoons...
6,It was the best of the series. Did I set my expectations too high? It's just a killing time.
6,It's not that fun and it's too long.T
1,It's a mess
1,A weak ring...You have to...Just have a useless ring Gollum...
4,This is also too long a running time for me who doesn't like fantasy and doesn't have the courage to watch the third movie.
1,It wasn't fun because I couldn't see the color.
1,be not my cup of tea
6,a movie on a scale
1,be bored to death
1,Is this fun? I don't understand. It's an appropriate score of 6.7
1,What a waste of production costs!
1,It's just... Fantasy, oh tak hoo-yong.
1,It's just long.
6,I think it's a waste of time because it's just a long running time for such a movie.CG is great, but that's all
4,Since the movie is long, there are many boring aspects
2,It's not my style.The boring side is
6,Honestly, I dozed off while watching it.It's not my style.It's a bit childish.
1,Is it really fun to be bored like this and give you 10 points?
1,Not very - - -
1,I don't like it
1,I'm... this kind of...I don't like movies.
5,Too long and boring, hmm
3,It's just the scale. I dozed off while watching
1,Cuso movies that don't deserve their name
1,Gandalf's face pukes up and throw up
1,It's not fun...
5,The picture is good, but...Why are you so childish?
6,I honestly don't know if there's any jam
1,I'm sleepy. I thought I was going to die. This movie is torture itself
5,I'm definitely more of a Matrix taste than a ring. It's hard to see it through.
1,Don't come out any more.
1,It is not a work with 9.12 points.to be honest
4,Boring. The first one is the best
4,I wonder why you have such a high rating. I'm sleepy
1,I've never seen such a trashy movie
6,When does this sound end?
1,Lord of the Rings 123 I saw it all in one day. Why is the day so long?
5,Maybe it's because I didn't watch it at the theater. Except for the battle scene, it's so boring
1,No, it's not.lol
5,A movie that doesn't leave a lingering impression
1,In the second episode, it's kind of withered?
6,The pattern is FANTASY. The kernel is war epic
6,Two and a half hours before the last battle, I was less interested than Gollum
2,a movie that devastated my fantasy
6,I think it was a movie that didn't suit me or something to see.
6,There's nothing to see but the battle scenes.
2,I don't know if it's funny
6,It must be a well-made movie, but too long was the problem
2,The Lord of the Rings series is not fun
1,Not really
2,This is the best movie, where is the concept of the Korean public?
1,난 또 똥덩어리를 본다.
1,the fantasy filmmaking of American imperialism
5,Other than the action scenes, I don't think...
1,Not really
3,It's only war. It's loud. I don't recommend it
5,a movie that doesn't make any sense
4,Huh? Do you use magic when you wear rings? Invincible? Autism.
4,Will he be the weakest character in the series?
4,At last the war begins...Only war...
5,I don't know if this movie is for battle or story
4,It's a little bit more worth watching than the previous one --;
1,The content is ridiculous.
5,There's nothing to watch in the middle of the demo. Metrics 2 or something like that.
1,I'm disappointed... Did I expect too much?
6,Wow, that's a good score.The special effects are good, but...
5,To be honest... GUENCHAN is a movie
1,gg
1,I'm sleepy
1,All I remember doing was dozing off at the theater because I was bored...
1,I don't think it'll be fun. I'll never watch it.
6,CG... So frustrating. Is Oscar corrupt now?
1,Let's just go get the ring. Whatever you do...
5,an unfriendly movie
1,I don't know what they're doing. I don't know what I'm watching for.
1,LOL
3,I slept??
5,I don't really...
5,It was a book adaptation movie, and the running time was so long that it was boring
1,I know you're going to make it well, but other than mania, it's a fun movie
1,Makes me think too much ;;;
1,Pleasure, a nasty piece of pleasure
3,I know it's a good movie, but...I'm bored.It's so boring.
1,Ring 1 is 10 stars and 2 is 1.. -_-;
1,A movie that only invested a lot of money in production.It's just a movie that mania will like.
1,A movie that's not touching or anything like that?
1,Yikes/ I thought it was okay at first, but it wasn't very artistic
1,There's no jam when I look at it again -_-;;
1,The global syndrome is just a bit fascinating.;
4,Peter Jackson is not a genius director
5,I don't think so.I'm not that touched.It doesn't seem like a trick
6,It's a really bad movie.
1,Why am I so sleepy?
1,Compared to the money... not at all...
1,The story is too childish.ridiculous stories
1,A movie with one star
5,Better than the first one, but still...
4,boredom and boredom
1,Is being cool all you need to do?
1,It's too simple
1,If the scale is great, there's nothing left
5,Fantasy! Fantasy! Fantasy! ^^
