글래디에이터
6,If this was a Korean movie, I would have been cursed at.
4,I don't know if I'm not good at watching movies or if it's about my taste...It's a movie that's very touching or hard to find as a masterpiece.I was just boredWhy did you get such a high rating?
3,That's a ridiculous ending. Why does the emperor commit suicide at the end?
1,boredom and cliche
1,a {happens} medal
1,There are people who don't feel touched by any masterpiece, and there are people who feel touched by any masterpiece.
1,It's the worst movie ever. It's the worst movie ever.
1,It's the worst movie ever. It's the worst movie ever.
6,The visual beauty is good. But it's absurd that it's too long and the emperor fights gladiator.
6,I don't like this simple talk of power and punishment, and when my father says he will abandon himself and give all his wealth to others, who will still understand?
6,The movie I watched in middle school was a tragical movie that became a traitor after the war and the country was ruined and the rank became a thousand people or something like that
1,Unbelievable probability... Emperor and slave gladiators fight together? That's the sound of a dog laughing. I don't understand that less than a tenth of a trash movie in Kingdom of Heaven has a higher rating than Kingdom of Heaven
5,It's not funny at all. I'd rather watch Spartacus two in a row than this.I can't even keep up with Spartacus
1,I fell asleep while watching the movie.It's a good movie, but it's not even the number one action movie
3,It's one of the many NAVER rating puffed-up movies. If I saw it at that time, I would have said it was a masterpiece, but maybe because I saw it 17 years later, editing, ending, and development are all tacky. It was the only Joaquin Phoenix performance that was worth watching
5,Ridley Scott is a born commercial director
6,A public figure who enjoys stimulating things. the contradiction of using it to give the country to its citizens It's a shame that we ended up with a hero story. At present, I would like to become a citizen who has an objective view of politics and the trend of the times, not a citizen who only seeks peripheral emotions.
1,Everything (dltj) / So which movie should score more than 9? That's so pathetic. I'm getting cursed at
1,It's fun. Gladys
2,a new drama of the Thousand Kingdoms The movie is about shouting into my expressionless face, "Hurry up and cry."
6,It's worth watching, but the ending is too much. I'm losing steam.
6,a sense of backwardness that cools the slowly boiling heart
1,I want to give you 11 points. Lastly, Maximus told the emperor, "My name is maksimus goosebumps!"
1,It's below my expectations... I'm going to lower the rating
1,Puffed rice is too much
1,Don't you have any loyalty to Commodus? I'll give it to you, Lee Gi
4,Extremely subjective, but for its reputation:::
1,I'll do!
1,I don't understand more than 9 points
1,I thought it would come out in scale like Troy. What is this?I don't understand the ending
6,Do you think all the fun old movies are masterpieces? The gladiatorial fight was boring the whole time
1,There is no delicious jajangmyeon in a famous feast.
1,Considering the flow of time, it is not in the nine-point range, considering the sloppy action, knives that cut people down, loose props such as cement walls, and X-rays that seem to force them to do what they don't want to do.
1,I watched it a long time ago, but I didn't understand why it was a masterpiece. Especially, it's a pity that the ending is not the standard. I heard you were short on budget. Rating adjustment
1,I couldn't see anything else, just that the princess was dirty and crooked LOL
6,Personally, I don't like this kind of period and I felt like the flow of the movie stopped in between, so 6 points...But I really liked Russell Crowe's eyes
1,With the enthusiastic support of Korean students, I recognized your credit for catching me with a nine-point rating, and I saw it with the thought of seeing the sloppyness of the boring storyline development scale until the end.
1,Are you getting paid to manipulate the store? Did I look forward to it too much because it was 9.29? I've never seen such a boring and boring movie before. How can this be considered a masterpiece?
1,What's the point of spending a lot of money? Avatars, Gladiators, and stories are so pathetic. The ending in particular is absolutely incomprehensible. Absolute example of a dragonhead mother who had a little bit of a crush until at least the last 20 minutes
1,Oh Won-chun thinks that guns are more humane than knives
6,It was scaryBut it was still fun
1,Was I expecting too much? It's a bit obvious and boring if I take out the first part. ;-) About 4 points?
6,The music, video, and action were all good, but the flow of the story fell short of it.
1,It was boring and fun because I had high expectations
6,It was a close call the whole time. I could've been a bad boy.
6,Personally, I don't like Ridley Scott movies very much, but... It's enough to enjoy...
6,It's a real movie out of ten. But... like a gladiator movie, there are so many bloody scenes
1,Oh my god
6,A movie that disappeared from my memory in less than a day. The ending is so bad.
1,It's a masterpiece.
1,About 8.5 is a suitable movie. I was fooled by the overestimation of netizens. 8.5 1 point to get it right
1,It's so obvious...
1,Rubbish rubbish cliché story, poor ending, far fetched situations
1,Good
4,Well, then
1,I watched it because the rating was so good; it was disappointing, especially at the end.
1,It was really boringI don't know if I've seen Spartacus, but it's no fun
1,Ratings are too high, and the story is not as grand as the mid-Spartacus
1,After 10 years, the story isn't that great. The visual is the best
6,It was so highly evaluated. I don't think it's a movie with 10 points
1,an eight-point movie
1,This is...?
5,I thought it was an amazing historical drama, but it was just an ordinary entertainment movie
1,This is a little too much...
1,The national team is a million times more fun.
1,I don't recommend it
1,A third-rate fantasy dotted with distortion of history
1,Ridley Scott Loses Hollywood Capital
6,The visual aspect was good, but the movie itself was not good Ridley Scott, are you old?
1,The first part is boring.I saw it and then I left.
1,disappointment and boredom
1,Story is ridiculous
1,It's fun, but 9.2 is too high
1,You don't fight with tigers.It's not fun
1,The movie that only Joaquin Phoenix shines in the role of Commodus villain!
1,It was fun, but...On the other hand, it was childish.Compared to the Red Cliffs, the battle scene is a shabby movie.
4,The movie is getting slower and my mind is getting dazed
6,There's a bit of radicality in being pressed for time. I don't think it's very touching.
6,If you look at the first part of the battle,The original movie. A little fresh air in Hollywood.
1,It's not that touching...
1,Not really;
1,It's not easy to get a bit overrated
1,the best movie ever
1,This is really not good ;; 9.19 is too much
1,a movie worse than a multicellular girl
2,Turn it over and spring
1,6 points
1,The movie started and ended
1,I'm fed up;
1,Watching the movie never missed my expectations
1,What's this?
1,It's a predictable story
1,Too expected story ;;;
1,I was interested, but I didn't like it
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,This isn't good, but the rating is too high
1,It's so boring
1,I didn't like it
1,not much
1,It's really not funny or touching
3,The beginning of the jam is getting boring.
6,I enjoyed the movie, but history is a mess
6,It's nice to take it lightly.
5,They say it's masterpieces, but what is masterpieces? Production costs?
3,Hollywood with mad cow disease, no medicine...
1,It's not fun...............Laughingering) Laughingering)
4,It's not that...
1,There is something to see but the story probability is weak.
1,Maximus!
5,This is wrong. There are only 1,522 people who participated. Third place? I can't believe it
1,It wasn't that... touching.
1,It's not a third-place movie.
1,Elementary students will have fun. That was so childish.
1,be old-fashioned
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
1,All of Megatron's fighting!@
6,It was kind of boring.;
1,To be honest, the level of perfection is OOO. It's only touching
1,That's cool, but it's too high.
1,It's trash
1,It's fun, but you have to raise T2
6,an obvious hero movie
4,Production ability that draws long breaths interesting +2. Composition of characters and dramatic elements +2 sum = 4
1,I like it a lot, too, but I have to cut the score to get T-2 first. Sorry
6,Is this the end? I'm sorry. I am!
1, well
5,It was a private weekday, but boring.
6,be not very interesting Since it's not realistic, I'll give you stars
3,I was bored, too
5,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,7.8 is enough. It's a good movie to watch
5,I don't know... The story is kind of sloppy -_-;;
1,Just don't look.There's nothing left.
1,It's a good movie, but the score is too high. Let's adjust the score.
5,What is wrong with all American heroes?
2,There's no reason for it to come out until the second
2,Maximus...
1,I hate Russell Crowe
1,It's not a movie to this extent
1,It's a movie where you can't help but feel sleepy.
1,a well-known or well-estimated Roman storyRussell's acting is just plain.
1,Rating... Puffed rice is too much
2,It's really not funny.
1,I don't know why you're saying it'
2,I don't really...
1,This isn't it
3,It's too flat.
1,Rating: This isn't right!
1,The cruel scene... I don't like it because I'm scared.
2,It was boring.
1,I'm a hard life.lol
1,The movie is too much for the content.
1,The best spectacles are like this.
1,Did you see the human down there?근데 But the rating is too big.One point is not enough
1,Best of Best Trash
1,I'm not originally a couch potato, but I want to have a couch potato
1,It's too long.
1,The rating is too high
6,a film in which something is clumsy
4,It wasn't that cool
5,The material and background were wonderful. But that's all.
1,A masterpiece of Hollywood's trash, known as masterpiece
5,I'm tired of watching TV so much
3,This kind of hero story is not my cup of tea
6,Ridley Scott's peculiar venom was diluted in Hollywood law.
6,I don't remember much
6,The last one is childish.;
1,It's not that high.
4,I admit the grand scale and great acting, but it's not my code
1,What's wrong with this?
1,That's not fun.
3,It's not funny at all
1,It's not enough
1,It's not good
1,It's not good for me
1,It wasn't fun
3,I didn't think it was funny.It was just me
1,s
6,A movie that men like...My back hurts
1,I will definitely go down for the movie "Yongdu Sami movie.  What's wrong with them?;
1,I've never seen such a sloppy movie.
3,Um, um...
5,I don't know what's great about it. Only the visuals were worth seeing.
3,Be a movie buff who doesn't feel Ben-Hur's motif ^^*
6,Everything in the movie exists for Maximus. The ending is also discouraging.
6,Crow's acting is good, the other thing is...
1,That's ridiculous
6,A movie that I still regret watching in theaters. Sloppyness is...
5,I miss Scott's mediocre work, Blade Runner, Alien's Force
6,Oh, my bad ending is really annoying
6,a bloody battle rather than mixed martial arts
3,I almost died of boredom watching until the end
1,cruelty
1,I don't understand
5,The ending is expected with a five-minute viewing and proceeds as it is. Even directing...
3,Shouldn't you be showing some "fun" heroism after spending this much money?
5,You like masterpieces -_-..
5,The journey of a heavy life of a man whose father was a soldier and a god.
6,A movie like a movie.It feels like I watched a movie.
1,Sang Gyun, fighting!Maximus! Maximus!
5,It's a masterpiece, but not a masterpiece like Ben-Hur
6,Well made, but not enough to discuss perfection.
