천장지구
1,It's not fun. Really
6,Why is this? Did I look forward to it too much?I can fully feel the romance of those days, but the story is too 8th grade syndrome, but it is certain that it has become the motif of these movies since then
6,It was the best movie of the time.
5,Everything else is fine, but what are you doing with a woman's truck? Why are you doing that?
6,It may have been unconventional and fresh at the time, but 30 years later, the story itself is insufficient and there are a lot of clutter, so I should have seen it at that timeOh Maeng-dal has the best chemistry with Joo Seong-chi. She left too early ㅜㅜ
4,I'm watching all the Hong Kong movies, and I think they're the worst. You didn't wash your hands and protect your lover, you didn't win factional battles because you were loyal to the organization. Ununderstood and not as cool as a Korean
2,What kind of part-time jobs are these? What are five stars? There's no other comedy movie except "Joo Yoon Bal is handsome."
6,What is this...Why is it 9 points? Is it because it was 30 years ago?I guess it was a fun movie then. .
5,Is it because the rating is high and I watched it with high expectation because it was played by EBS masterpiece movie? It's just an old movie. 30 years ago, old video beauty OST. Yoo Deok Hwa is Na Hoon-ah's handsome version. The level of immersion was just fine, but the reason why the rating is so high to this day is the same because there are many people who are lost in memories after seeing it in the past. I watched it with anticipation until the end, but just killing time...Will it work?
6,The main characters are full of charms.But I still don't understand why he wears the last wedding dress and goes to get revenge alone. The heroine runs barefoot by herself ㅜㅜ
6,A romance that combines imaginable fantasies about a bad man and a pure woman
6,Oh Chun-ryeon is pretty and Yoo Deok-hwa is handsome
1,
5,You're shaking again.That's very tacky
2,Isn't it an error at the end? Stealing a wedding dress and disappearing in front of a church that doesn't even know where a woman's car is. I'm confused. I have to go to Canada. What should I do? I'll pay for that dress.  It's funny and sad
1,I don't know how this is a famous painting... Now I see the kidnapping, the murder, the gang, the violent and dirty content... This has colored the Korean movie industry. Why it was so popular... Phew
1,The oldies are overrated for their memories
6,Overaction and Damascus racing in the lung field are impressive.I don't know what's a masterpiece
6,There's nothing we can do about the time difference
2,a rough life on a bike
4,It's not bad. It's like a Hong Kong movie.
6,an easy story The heroine was pretty
1,Give 1 point for rating adjustment ☆3
5,I feel like I'm going to rot if I watch it.  I watched it just in case, and it was a Hong Kong movie full of Hong Kong movies...
3,I'll give you 3 points for being generous.
1,To adjust the rating... I think the rating is too high. Honestly, it's so boring
5,Oh Chun-ryeon, Yoo Deok-hwa, mournful romance cafe. naver.com/grayd0tbe/1203
3,a style that has become tacky now
1,In a word, it's not fun...
6,Yoo Deok Hwa is cool, but the story is childish
1,The worst female abuse movie is when the heroine runs on a truck. These days, dogs are caught when they ride like that in a dog gets caught
5,10 points for the movie.But for those in their 30s and 40s who tried to imitate this movie, they scored 5 points.It makes me wonder if I should buy a bike.
5,Looking at it now, why are you're so childish?
6,I was looking forward to the romance, and the killers...
4,Since then, the Hong Kong movie has fallen.Men's rain roses are gone, and the theme is trite love between men's and women's love
6,It's a stupid movie, but I'm not attracted to it' Is it because of Wu Chun-lien?
1,The height of bravado! All kinds of crimes are glorified as if nothing had happened.
2,It's not like I'm going to make a mess of a third-rate movie. What is this?
1,This kind of movie should never be 9 points. Let's give it a point without hesitation
1,Typical work <Ceiling Earth> that is overrated
1,a very childish development of a story
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's a bit of a dilemma. After seeing the hero's true colors, I can't watch it because it's not fun.-ㅡ
6,Romance, who dominated the era of all kinds of pandemics.
1,The power of memories is powerful
1,What kind of man movie is this? Did you see the hero's true colors?  Ceiling Earth movies are rubbish
1,It's not this isn't it.
6,It's an old movie, but it's not...Park Joong-hoon's game rule is twice as good
4,a slightly inflated rating
2,It's just one of the embarrassing Hong Kong-style dog-form noir that poured out at the time. Wu Chun-lien was very pretty.
1,That's too much.
1,10 years ago, Yoo Deok Hwa from the idol's ceiling... Now that I see him, he's a bully in the back alley.-ㅜ
5,Will this movie be touching even after a long time?
6,It's very childish now, but what's surprisingly impressive is thanks to Yoo Deok-hwa.
3,The cognitive rating is too high because of the fantasy of Hong Kong movies. an uninteresting
4,It's below expectations, apart from being tacky.
1,The first movie that made me feel that NAVER ratings would be unbelievable. art f4
4,a movie worse than a regular romance movie
6,It's tacky and obvious, but the grandeur in its form is definitely the charm of this movie.
1,However, it is not in the nine-point range. Makjang is cool even if you wrap it nicely
5,If this movie was released after I was born, it would have been the best movie
1,You got a high rating, so you're like a martial arts reporter There's nothing left.
1,It's better than nothing. ★7
1,It reminds me of the old days.★8
6,I want to give you a high rating, but it's too cruel at the end.
6,It was very touching at first, but disappointing later.
6,Why was the scene where I was wiping my nosebleed on a motorcycle so sad?
2,Ceiling Earth series was not fun to me...
5,It doesn't mean much, it's not righteous or love. It's tacky, but it's better than static
6,A hot-blooded boy is much better...No matter what you look at it
3,an uninspired movie that is so old and stale
