죽은 시인의 사회
1,It wasn't good
4,When everyone said that it was a life movie, I didn't sympathize with it because I didn't have any academic stress or adolescence.Why is it so cool to see the movie "Rebellious Rebellion"? As you might think...
2,Left-wing education is a murder weapon
1,Those who enjoyed it may not agree, but what John Keating does, who seduced students with sweet words and ruined the future, is similar to Satan seducing humans and alienating them from God.
5,a story that set fire to the sensitivity of the 8th grade syndrome A movie that feels unrealistic as I get older. I think Carpe diem is possible only when there is time to live. Parents have lived a life that has nothing to do with Carpe diem to make their children study, but they can't believe that students who study with their parents' money and those who are at the age of studying should enjoy today. I think there's a time in life. Life isn't just for today. Anyone can live with loss and dream of the future. If I hadn't met Dr. Keating, as the mean student said, Neil would be sitting around and solving chemistry problems by now.The reviews were so good that I looked forward to it, but it was boring throughout the movie, and it made me cry at the end. I think the good reviews are probably due to Neil's death, the last scene, and Todd's growth, who smiled the prettiest and innocent. It was nice to see Robin Williams' youth.
1,have no moving elements If I had seen this movie in the '90s, I would have thought differently, but the reality is harsh, but living in an ideal is too much
6,Is it because you're looking forward to it? I just don't like it.
5,I was just like that. It's kind of boring... But Robin Williams' performance was good, too!
1,Am I looking forward to it too much?
1,The beeping sound on IT HOUT YOU'RE GONE was really annoying and my friend said it was fun, but it wasn't fun, so I hit the wall and it's a studio
2,The typical left-wing movie, "Dakiting," has also stepped on elite paths and experienced the hell of entrance examination, and came to the position of a teacher at a prestigious school. However, students are brainwashed to say, "Enjoy what you want to do right now."One life, despite his death, leaves with a calm, beautiful smile until the end without taking any responsibility for his life It's a typical left-wing idea. There's no explanation for what's behind the shapeless ideals and the future. I'm afraid young children will be brainwashed after watching these movies. There's a reason why adults tell me to study when I'm right. In that advice is the concern and experience of love, the concrete future plans and substance You have to be careful of an ideal that has no substance
2,¿#%#%#%#%?If you want to get a high rating like this movie, you have to feel like you've been pooping like this, even if it's not fun, and you have to feel that there's a hidden meaning behind itdo.
2,A movie with a dog psycho that ruined the atmosphere of studying
2,It's a killing time movie in 2019
6,I happened to see him on the plane... well, why can't I get over it?Anyway, I think the content is pretty good
3,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.
1,It's so much fun. It's real
1,Look at them being brainwashed and instigated by a teacher like the Romantic Teachers' Union. I want to never show my child.  It's a rubbish movie when I look back at it as I get older.Kids who watched this movie thought it was rebellious and alone, so they wanted to live a wonderful life shouting Carpe diemBe realistic.
1,a perfect white male-dominated society award They're acting emotional, pretending to be the victims of this era, and they're pooping, and this is art Shouting. I understand the message you're trying to deliver, but it's still far wrong even if the method is wrong.
1,I saw it because the rating was high. What's wrong with the ending?
2,An ambulance X-rayed 119 hospital with a bed, injection Kong Bbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibbibb
1,Po;Iolyuik.
1,It's boring. It's like a play in American high school literature in the 80's.It's just the influence of a new teacher. About 7 movies with an actual rating?NAVER's score is too high, so I'm giving it a low score
1,jhkikytuiytur
6,The fact that I want someone to find my dream and live a life without any subjectivity... Don't look for Keating. I'll look for my dream. And with Neil's death, the Dead Poets Society only shows that it was a bony demonstration by parents-dependent children.
1,p[oip[부조화]
2,an ordinary movie that doesn't touch much and is boring
1,The movie itself is about nurturing irresponsible teachers who seem to be needed by society these days
1,오, 캡틴, 나의 캡틴
1,It's boring. It's not fun
4,It was a movie that gave me bitterness and enlightenment, but I felt bored throughout watching it. It's been a while since I've seen a movie that's this hard to
4,To be honest, I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it too much. Lean On Me or the chorus is much more fun. Maybe because it's an old movie, it's a bit forced
5,<Summary> Be a golden spoon parent to broaden your child's choice of happiness. If not, don't have a baby. Because of your reality, if you inject your dream into a child, he'll kill himself.
6,Maybe because I was looking forward to it so much or because it was an old movie, it was obvious and unimpressed ㅠㅠㅠ
1,There are so many hateful elements. I don't know why it's a masterpiece. If you heard Carpe diem, you would've seen it all
4,Looking at it again, both the content and the directing are cringe-worthy.
3,It's not funny compared to the rating. It's not touching. It's about students. Neil's death? You're gonna die for that? I don't understand. It's just a critical movie of excessive academic work, but it doesn't guarantee emotion and fun. Like the movie, everyone wants to do what they want to do. But the reality is,
6,Well, I don't know I saw it with high expectations because of its high reputation, but I couldn't catch both fun and touching. I don't understand Neil committing suicide
1,It's a beggarly feeling that I hate the most
1,When it was released in the '90s, I was somewhat disappointed to see the film. Why are you making a fuss? If you make something look good for nothing, Koreans are enthusiastic. This movie is not that great.
1,a crazy movie
6,Boredom teacher's lines have many good things, I can only think of children on the desk, say the day, and oh my captain
4,Maybe Neil chose the play as a breakaway or a liberation zone. The results would have been different if the parents trusted their children more. Mistrust makes me learn to lie. I've learned where the drug's habit came from
3,Well, why is that? I can't relate to this movie in any way... I didn't feel any emotion and I was bored.  It's not that I'm not sensitive. I guess it's different for each person
1,I watched it for about 50 minutes and turned it off. It's boring.
6,Subjectively, there was nothing that lingered in my mind. I watched it boringly
1,Did the kids understand what Keating said? Only Neil seems to know the true meaning of Key Tim
5,The best movie I ever saw as a teenager, and now I don't really understand a kid who gave up a doctor and killed himself. In Hell Joseon, most people cut their lives to get a job the size of a doctor.
2,It's a masterpiece, but a movie that doesn't really hit home... I look like I'm catching a cloud.
6,Honestly, it's boring. And the content...I can't really relate to it from a student's point of view. I don't think there's much to see except for the last scene
6,It's great, it's corny.
1,A typical 8th grade syndrome movie. Just the right level of movie.
6,Let's not use this movie as an excuse for your deviation to the best of us who have seen it.They all study, respect teachers, respect friends.
1,I would have been touched if I saw this movie at that time when it was released, but I don't have any inspiration because I saw it now
1,A good movie or rating is too high
1,Disappointment compared to expectation. But it's clear that it's a good movie.A movie I recommend to my students. (Grade 6.8)
1,A beautiful movie for the teachers' union
5,Not a ten-point movie at all. Such an ideal Keating look. It's not a movie where Roger Abbott gave him 2.5 stars for no reason. a boring, most ideal film
6,Shaking students...
5,It would be nice if the education method worked well, but if it didn't work well, it would be like a dangerous gamble that could ruin the group.
6,The message is good, but it's really not funny
1,My child's life is ruined by the wrong teacher.
2,Dead earthquake society! There was an earthquake and this is the top search ranking...Hah!
2,I'm looking for masterpieces that I haven't seen to study scenarios, but this isn't it. I'm not immersed at all, and I feel like watching an adolescent drama that I used to watch when I was young. The last scene and the ending are not that great.  I don't understand why people who gave me 10 points are saying, "Captain, what are you impressed with?"
6,A Passion for Dreams and a Framed Real Society
1,I feel like I lost my money. It's cheesy and boring...It's my personal preference, but...
1,Are you kidding me?The movie theater is not open, so I can't see it and I can't get a refund, but I don't know if you're making fun of me.I can't talk on the phone, I'm wasting my time and money.NAVER or Joy & Cinema, make some excuses.
1,He is an irresponsible and unresponsible teacher who has no responsibility for his students. Only the teacher himself is a cool populist. 누구든 It is a sin to instill one's values into a student who has no judgment.  A teacher should be a teacher, not a captain.  There is no countermeasure if the teacher becomes the captain.
1,I'm here to watch the re-opening.I lined up in the 3rd place, but the seats aren't at allI'm sorry
1,Maybe because I don't know much about poetry, it's not fun And the message in the movie is good and everything is good, but I don't think the rating is 9 points. I think 5 points is appropriate, and you have to listen to your parents and not live your own way Parents have lived their children's lives
1,After all, Keating led to smoking problems, expulsion, suicide... And when they grew up, they became doctors and lawyers
1,I saw it because the rating was high, and I thought it was a waste of time
1,Just an emotional incendiary film. Reality and ideals are different
5,Education general high school that is possible if it is a prestigious high school. Enjoy the present in the announcement. If you let them graze you, most of them just enjoy drinking and smokingEventually, you'll regret what you've enjoyedThey grow up trying to force their kids to studya very different teacherYou look down on your parents
5,It was meaningful, but it wasn't fun
1,It's not that bad. It's a movie
4,The same and similar role Robin Williams gave 10 points for the movie Goodwill Hunting, but why does the movie want to give only 4 points... By my standards, yes.
1,Robin Williams is cool, but honestly, it's really boring
1,All sorts of interpretations come out. If you really think you're the one who would have been on the desk, you can interpret this movie, or else judge it commercially, emotion doesn't come just because it brings out interpretation
1,Wow, I think I know a movie that will get this much rating
1,It's not touching, but it's touching
1,Outstanding visual beauty and fairy tale for adults
3,Some meaningful scenes seem to have come to life, but the whole thing is boring. Due to the nature of the movie, it is impossible to capture everything in two hours, and compared to that, it does not feel like a masterpiece objectively, even though it can be made well.
6,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it so much...
4,It was so childish and I couldn't feel anything. I'd like to ask people if they're really. Do you think that giving a high rating because it's a masterpiece and saying it's 'moved' increases the level of your eyes on your film? If the movie was the latest movie, what would it be evaluated?
5,I understand the topic, but it's boring, boring, and it's a little too much to have an impact at the end.
5,It's a masterpiece... I don't know what happened when it was released... Honestly, it's a bit boring...
4,To be honest, I was bored because I watched it when I was sleepy at school. At least the last scene was touching.
4,I didn't see Mr. Keating all right.There are certainly rules in society. I think it's selfish of Mr. Keating to ignore the rules, to glorify and emphasize life as one wishes, and to ask students of a highly influenced age to just go the other way.
6,I'm not saying I'm better. I was thinking like this before... So I thought I would be like that if I were a teacher throughout the movieThat kind of feeling?  But if you want to know the man, you have to watch this movielol
5,Fiction seems to be better...10 points is a bit...
1,It's not a very... cultural piece.It was less than I expected.
1,To give a rating above 1 point means that there is no one who watches the movie as much.
1,I'm sorry, but this is the most trashy movie of my life. Excessive freedom is self-indulgence, never justified. You can never like Robin Williams. It's always in movies like this.
1,It was boring. What's fun about this?
1,I think it was well-made at the time, but now it's better to watch it to kill time than people who don't really touch it
4,The subject matter was not very interesting The moving space of the characters was so small and boring
6,A good example of a teacher's movie.
1,The least interesting movie I've ever seen. It ended very quickly and it wasn't fun
5,A movie that brings out cliché and cliché. I don't know why it's a masterpiece.
5,Even in the last scene of the movie, the best scene, I couldn't feel much emotion. Personally, I enjoyed watching "Good Will Hunting," a similar movie starring the same actor, much more.
1,What kind of movie is this? If you go up to the desk, it's all touching. Honestly, it's not touching at all and it's not fun at all
4,a youth enlightenment film
3,I'm so disappointed because I was looking forward to it Lesson from this movie...Maybe you're just regretting that you weren't young in the movie. Just look in the mirror and live...It's an old movie, just like it was made into an old movie. Look in the mirror and live straight.
6,I don't understand why you rate the movie so high as the title is plausible. It's not fun, it's not very artistic, it's just a little touching.
1,What the hell is a masterpiece... it's boring...Doing weird things in the cave... A movie for elementary and middle school students...
1,The rating is too high. A movie that fits in the seven-point range. Kitty imbibed her students with her personal ideas. Neil tried to practice Carpe diem, but he made the wrong decision because he was an immature high school student.
4,It's boring and there's no lingering feeling a hell of a movie
1,a dead society
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,Maybe it's because I didn't read a book.  It was really boring and time was wasted after watching it ㅠㅠ 3 idiots were really fun to watch it twice.
4,But what about the results?
1,The expression of resistance is, at best, tear a book, go on the desk?
5,Good movie but sleepy movie
5,The lines are great, but... You all know it's fiction, don't you?
1,The film at least has the potential to glorify the self-proclaimed "true education" of a parent organization that infuses innocent children with anti-American and pro-North Korean ideology
6,It is boring. The book is much more interesting. Of course, the original is a movie,
5,Well, I am annoyed because it is English, but I like it because it is touching
5,I'm bored to the endMaybe it's because I saw so many fun things before that.I haven't seen half of it, but I think it's going to be touching.
5,I saw it as a very famous movie... I'm so disappointed... The kids who gave me a high rating are defending themselves after watching the movie because they failed in their lives, right?How can a movie that will end in 5 minutes be 2 hours...
6,I don't understand why it's a masterpiece. It's an overrated movie that tries to pull the strings except for the actor's acting skills
6,a feast of wise sayings from their life teacher
1,I watched it because it was a masterpiece. This is a poor work A teacher who graduated from hell school went to his alma mater and instigated the children to change things and drove them to death, but without him, he would have met a good woman and lived a fantastic life
6,It's not like I'm going to watch it before I die, but it's just for killing time. I don't like the touching or the lesson.
1,I can only relate to it. What's so touching
1,I saw it on Suzy's recommendation, but I don't like it. Hit me, Suzy
5,Don't lose your balance between reality and ideal
6,It's just an example of the pernicious benefits of the wrong education system. It could be a good score, but there's nothing left of it
2,A movie I hate. That's ridiculous. Compared to the reality of education in Korea, it is only a small amount.
6,speak tritely of true teachings
1,I'm not going to see it again. Why do I have to give you a score? I'm trying to give you a zero, so you keep asking me to enter a zero
1,Almost everyone, including you, is just a student with a head in the last scene.
6,I agree with the main teacher's teaching method, which teaches in a creative way.
1,I watched it twice, but I don't know why it's touching
1,It's a sight to see those who praise OOs
1,Tell me why you're saying it's a masterpiece here
1,There's a lot left, but there's no sense of boredom I tried to give you 7 points, but to lower the average.
5,I was looking forward to it because it's so famous, but it's boring ; It's boring even though I watched it twice ;
6,I have a lot of things left, but I feel like it might be different if I watch a boring movie again
6,It was a difficult movie for me.
5,Not bad but their own party
4,The problem is that it doesn't change
4,The teacher in the movie doesn't seem realistic, but I wish I had met a teacher like that
4,This is why cramming education is bad
6,It was a bit boring
5,The difference between reality and ideal is negative as if it's a confrontation between good and evil
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
1,Not really
1,It was so fun and rated high that I was bored to death
1,It's a good movie, but NAVER's rating is too high. You don't have to lower it
4,I'm sleepy
2,No matter how deep the meaning is, it is useless if you don't understand the meaning.
6,It's boring for the first time, but the end is kind of fun
4,Did I expect too much? It's boring
5,I've heard about it, but it's just a boring old movie.
3,It's too predictable.I can relate to the bottom of Peter Weir's workthe real thing
1,scenes that were too short to show strong friendship
5,School version of Patch Adams. A sense of standing out and pretending to be reformative. Old Guy Story. It's not funny.
6,Now that I know what you're trying to say, it's too easy to explain. a sad movie
5,The theme is good, but it is not good in terms of content and composition because it is a movie from the 1990s.
1,Not really ㅜㅜ
6,Carpe diem... this is the beginning, the end, the end.
1,I looked forward to it, but one teacher spoils the kids... ㅉㅉ
5,It's just childish. If you watch the movie more deeply, this score is bound to come out.
1,a dull suicide film
1,What's this-- What's wrong with the rating? It's higher than this-- I almost fell asleep. Do you want to take responsibility?
1,What is this?
6,Why is this rated high? I guess the movie has a lot of meaning. I really don't know. It's boring.
1,I don't know. I did see it. Once I saw it, I couldn't feel exactly what this movie meant.
6,Let's not forget Nuwanda, the son of a rich man who was expelled
1,Touching movie, but too high a rating
6,sweet but vain idealism There's not much else to see.
1,I'm trying to hold back my sleep... I like famous lines but it's not fun
6,Except for the last scene, I spent the rest of the two hours boring.
6,It's a movie made to impress, but it's not touching at all.
2,Movies should be fun. It wasn't enough for fun.
1,It's not good
1,be not up to par withIt's too low. It's a low artificial touch. It's cliche.
1,I don't think it's good
1,I don't like literature.
1,I don't recommend it
1,Hey, Cho Rong. Only the national team is the best? ㅉ 다른 I can't believe other comments
1,The national team is the best... Hollywood movie = movie with money all right?
5,a film in which the translator's interpretation of Carpe diem mass produced surplus
6,I'm touched at the end
4,Even if you try to screw up your dreams, all that comes back to teenagers is hurt. For adults to trample on.
1,It's hard. How can I watch a movie like this?-_-;It's not funny, it's just a dreamer's story
4,It may not have been just a longing for convenience, but are free enthusiasts owners and citizens?
1,I don't really...
6,The movie I saw after reading a book... Books are more fun ^^ But the last scene was good
6,Disappointed. I saw it twice.Compared to the rating, the content is a little behind, Neil's death, Keating teacher, etc
2,Middle and high school students will be fine if they see it.Personally, the title of a masterpiece is a waste because it's an enlightening movie.
6,There's a lot to suggest, but it's boring, Neil's death.It's the teacher's fault
6,(Spoiler) Better than the Emperus Club, but to me, it's just plain.The suicide was shocking
6,I don't understand if I'm accustomed to this kind of society
6,Am I ignorant? I watched it boringly.
1,It's just boring for me, who's set up with SF and thriller
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's not that... The content is a bit childish. The video was really beautiful.
4,It shows problems with the education system and the environment, but it doesn't show the answer.
1,Haha... I feel empty...
1,low quality
4,Not really -_-...............
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,It was a difficult movie for me.
2,It didn't hit me.
1,이 영화 정말 대단해. 로빈 윌리엄스의 연기는 아주 훌륭해요!
3,It's pretty boring.
1,I'm going to go to Miryang
1,It's just a messy rationalization to put all the responsibility of education on society.
1,Sleepy. Sleepy
1,Sleepy
1,slept,,,,,,
4,I looked forward to it after reading the book
1,It's not funny
1,Honestly, it's not fun
1,Good
4,I'm touched at the end, but bored in the middle;;;
1,It's boring. It'm bored
1,This is the first time I've been fooled by a netizen's rating
1,It's nice.
1,When I was a kid, I just wanted to watch it.This is...
1,It's just a touch to me...~
1,Even if I look at it again, the touching...
4,Is it because I read a book?But the movie was good!
1,The movie is so hard ㅠㅠ
6,Well, I don't think it's too late to watch these days.
1,I don't like this one
6,I feel the limitations and reflections of Carpe diem at the same time. If I had killed Neil sooner...
1,It was boring the whole time
1,alternatively or what;
1,It's too much of a classic to look at now;
1,It was so gloomy
1,It's too old
1,Compared to my expectations
1,Is it because of the high expectations?
1,Not much for me, that's all
1,As soon as my sleepiness changed to sleep, the movie is over
1,That's the worst...
1,------------- I slept three times because I was bored
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It didn't hit me
1,I don't care if it's boring
6,Enjoy the present? Face it vs. reality. We only have these tasks left. As expected, the latter.
4,10 points is too much.It was boring until the end. I checked the rating.At the end of NAVER, it's not enough
1,So boring
1,It was boring
6,Yes, if you give me 10 points, I will be a cultured person. I don't like it
1,I feel sleepy.
1,There's never been a movie this boring
1,Why is this movie so bad for me?
2,Why don't I like this movie?
1,The rating is too high. Objectively, it's a six-point movie. It's a little touching
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
4,I slept more than when I was young
1,Rigid, as if to read a book, clunky lines and narratives. Million Dollar Baby, quietly recommended.
6,I feel a cold society... ...and I see a clear ending.a frustrating movie
6,It's a disaster because I trusted the rating.Honestly, it's not 10 points the real thing
5,I didn't finish watching it
5,I personally think it's overrated
5,This movie is always rated by netizens. In Korea
1,I'm sure it's a good movie, but I don't agree with the hype.
1,OOO Hui movie seems to have a rustic sense of humor If I'd seen you before, I'd be asleep
4,Keating Struggles From His Disciple's Crotch On The Desk
1,I turned it off because I was tired of watching it in the middle
6,It was just like that for me, but it was a very famous movie back then
5,It's kind of boring
5,It's normal and fun.
5,It's a teen movie.
6,Did you grade him after watching the movie? It was a very ordinary movie.
1,Jim is generous.
1,It was boring the whole time I watched it.
1,Honestly, it wasn't that touching. All I can think of is Carpe Diem
1,I've never heard of a movie
1,No. 1 movie that's not funny.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
2,At the end, everyone stands up on the desk!
1,I was just like that'
1,All the fault lies with Mr. Keating.
4,I don't know...
1,It's not fun
5,But it was really boring;;
1,so, that
5,an ideal film that is rare in reality
1,Sleepiness...
2,I'm so touched. Why are you're bored
3,What's the reason for this? Are you all elderly?
1,Sleeping pill movie... I've watched it twice, but I'm sleepy...
1,Nasty boredom... ...like Cinema Heaven
1,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? Oh my god
3,I can't believe this is a masterpiece
1,This graduation... Where should I be touched? I watched it three times
1,It's a bit overrated
1,If the rating is too high, people expect it. I need a discount.
1,The poet is dead
1,A dead movie
1,Love for a half-cooked child...ㅉㅉㅉ
6,It's a masterpiece, so I give you six. I really didn't know it was a masterpiece. It's boring
6,The content may be okay, but I wasn't impressed.
5,I was Naive at the same time, but now I'm scared
4,It's so normal
2,What did you want?
1,It's foam!
5,Teacher's grace..._->
1,Just me too
1,Empathy
1,It's boring and I can't even relate to dogs...
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
4,It's a touching movie for some, but it's too clumsy to leave it out
4,Never.
5,I don't really...
1,not much
1,Did you sleep well?
1,What do you want me to do?
1,I'm bored
1,It's boring and boring.I forced myself to watch it. There's nothing else. Is it a textbook?
1,It's not my cup of tea.
6,I thought there would be more after I stood at my desk, but it's over.
5,Well, I don't know.
5,It's not realistic. I don't want to be moved...
1,be thoroughly bored
1,I don't know if it's that funny
1,If you've seen it in adolescence, you'll get a high score
1,I watched it because the rating was high, but it was boring. I'm going to lower the rating
6,It's too ring-shaped
6,One of the overrated films except for the last scene
6,It was just normal...
1,Great movie!
3,Am I the only one who thought it was similar to School of Rock?
1,Titanic is the best compared to movies like this
1,I liked it when I was young Haha
5,It's got a higher rating than I thought.
1,Sleeping pill
6,It was kind of boring to me.
6,Love your studies, not your teachers
5,Nothing touched me
1,I'm so touched
5,I'm sorry... I didn't watch it
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,A movie recommended by KI HOON from Mega Study
1,I'm touched ㅠㅠ I'm crying so much my eyes are swollen that I missed my horoscope lol
2,Oh, Captain. All I can think of is My Captain
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,Nice to meet you down there ↓ It's me
1,You're a referee. You're making three ad-hoo every week. It's hard to work on
1,They ordered it If you ask me to do the last scene, I'll say bye
1,Carpe diem lol Do you want to be a beggar while enjoying the present?
1, check,  keep  in check
5,Are the people who gave 10 stars great artistic sense? I'm bored -_-;
1,Yes, I'm not good enough
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,a monster movie
1,It's not funny
1,Yes, I'm not good enough
6,Bored... The characters all look similar, so it's sunny
2,It's not funny. It's the same with books. It's just crap
6,It's a crazy movie.-ㅡ
1,It's lagging!
6,Robin Williams' similar role is boring. It's a little obvious.
1,It's a movie that doesn't fit the mood of our country
1,This kind of thing is boring
1,a boring school of lessons
1,It's not a movie with such a high rating.
1,Boring
1,You don't get along with me!
1,I don't really...
1,I was bored! I slept--
1,Honestly, it wasn't that fun
1,I don't know because I haven't seen it.
1,I cried at the end. It's the best movie.
1,Why is this funny? -- I was looking forward to it, but it's not good
1,Good
1,It's worth seeing.
1,Worst movie ever, like sleeping pills
1,One vote for the person below.Oh my god
1,I don't think it's going to be a 9.45 movie, so I'm going to lower the total score
5,Movies fall short of novels;
1,You ruined the original
5,I don't want to be fake!
1,If this was really touching, the score was 1 point!
1,What?
1,I slept because it was too loud
6,Maybe it's because of the ethics class.I was boredom
1,To put it in a word, "zzZ
1,What's in the whole story of the movie?What's the director trying to say?
1,I guess everyone has different tastes
4,I looked at the ratings...The difference between each person by person.-,.-;;;ㅡ,.ㅡ;;;
1,Blocking my friend's suicide attempt...crying
4,Too oblivious to reality... It's just a well-made fairy tale.
5,Why is this movie so boring?
1,The workmanship may be excellent, but it can't be helped that it's boring.
1,I'm so glad to see? It came up again.;;
5,Honestly, it's not fun.It's hard
6,It was the first novel I read when I was in 9th grade. The book is better
5,Is it a movie that doesn't suit me?
1,Are you kidding me?
1,It's a very good movie. But you're the best.Some
2,I think the captain is from there.
5,It's boring.
1,I'm so sick of it...
1,Dirty with the last of the traitors.
5,It's not funny enough
3,It's not enough to say it's the best.There are a lot of movies like this.
1,What is interesting.
1,a loose philosophy
1,This isn't right.
1,Tell him to go away. I don't know why he's giving me 10 points.
1,It's not fun
1,the worst movie ever
2,-_- I'm touched
1,Who wrote all the movie stuff up there? I was annoyed the whole time I watched you screw it all up
1,It's the worst movie ever
