우리들의 일그러진 영웅
5,It's boring. I watched it until 44 minutes. But the female teacher is sexy. Hong Kyung-in has a kind way of talking. Why is he a bad guy?
1,That Shiki is the culprit!
1,Korean movies are not fun.
1,Aside from internal perfection, the limit of Lee Mun-yeol is.
1,I think 8 points is enough
2,I know what you're trying to say, but it's not smooth.The kids are acting awkwardly; especially Hong Kyungmin reading a Korean book
1,If you pretend to be profound, you're a kingIt's like that
1,School is a microcosm of society.
1,What is it?
1,I'm not as immersed as a novel
6,It's fun to watch a movie after reading a book.
5,I don't like this Moonyeol either, but... I don't like this movie either.
1,They said it's not fun
2,It's too old...I can't stand the acting
1,I've been frustrated watching it crumble, but it's worth watching. Let's lower the rating
6,It didn't come out in detail in the book, so the teacher showed it to me and it was fun
3,one of Hong Kyung-in's representative works However, due to anger toward Lee Mun-yeol, three points were deducted.
1,Written by Lee Mun-yeol, a parody of Hwang Seok-young's "For My Younger Brother"
1,not much
1,What does this movie mean? It's just a fight between gangsters.
1,I think 8 points would be good.
6,More than a movie, it's more like a drama. But it's very thoughtful
1,What is it? It just popped out of nowhere. Aside from the best masterpieces,
1,The way our grandchildren see it...
1,I think it's around 7 points
1,I think the 8 point range is good
1,Eat well
1,I only got 348 ratings, and I'm in first place.
1,Honestly, this isn't right
1,NAVER movies with 9 points. ㅜㅜ
1,I have nothing to say...
1,I can't believe it
1,Is this really far?
1,Is MOHA playing? But why is this movie being remembered?
1,Are you kidding me?
1,Leon, life can't be better than beauty
1,Only good movies in Korea
1,Too old
1,Please evaluate Shinoda Masahiro's "Boyhood"...
6,The original story itself is about Lee Moon Yeol missing Chun Doo Hwan.
6,Hong Kyung-in's rebellious image was good with this movie, but he became a comedian
1,Starting with Hong Kyung-in being an elementary school student, if you want to see it, you should read a book.
1,No, it's not. It's
1,I don't like it
1,It's not fun because it's a massage at my age.
1,Umseokdae is so annoying -_-;;
6,It's a shame that it ended in a different ending than the novel
5,I have completely translated the original novel
1,It reminds me of this movie.^^;;
