언더독
6,It is a great advantage that beautiful animation videos are more than expected, and that you can fully feel the position of abandoned dogs. It is regrettable that the second half is weak and insufficient compared to the smoothly well-made first half.
6,Not Annie in the 9-point range.
6,It's a bit more disappointing than the previous Manaam. But I hope there are many Korean animations that are fun even for adults
4,There's no depth. It's fun. But I don't want to see it
3,Plagiarism is the same as the 1982 animated Plague Dogs
2,Seriously, stop watching movies. Let's be bold, okay? ㅉㅉㅉ
1,It's a strange ending to suddenly move to North Korea at the end.
2,노Are they boring part-timers?
1,Unrealistic animations that are very harmful to children's sentiments, portraying modern people in the dark
6,I barely watched it because I was a fan. The material is good, but the story is...
1,This is a movie that kids are watching. After being chased and suppressed by hunters in South Korea, they eventually move to the North and enjoy freedom!? How could you sneak this red idea into Annie! I'm really scared! It's not just a touching and fun movie
1,It seems to be a scary movie that unknowingly instills pro-North Korean tendencies in young children. Utopia over the border fence. The dog bit a grenade, stirred between Korean soldiers, exploded, and turned it off while watching it with children. I can't believe this kind of movie is touching and beautiful.  Most people who praise this movie must believe that it is true that 2 million people gathered in Seocho-dong.
1,It's not a movie with a rating like this...
1,The revision is praising the North Korean government very openly, saying that it is freedom to move over to North Korea, as soldiers protecting the country come out like villains when they take power. Now, even the mutt is a paradise on earth, and the puppeteers suck like crazy. I'm in trouble. Did you see a fat dog in a drumstick?
4,Why on earth would you leave such great voice actors and idols and actors? The acting was awkward in the middle, so I looked it up, and as expected, he wasn't a professional voice actor. The story hosting was a bit childish.
2,I'm sad... Why is the bag ㅜㅜ
5,I hoped that it would be a work that all ages could enjoy, such as Disney/Pixar/Dreamworks, but it was a pity that it was an animation that focused on children
1,The Nuiyanu Group is as it once was.
6,I think it's a good movie to watch And the content seems to have been solved in a comic way with a heavy topic But that doesn't detract from the truth, and the weight is in the subject with weightIt feels like it's in there
1,I recommend it to people with insomnia.
2,ㄴIt's a red cartoon. Does it make sense to go to North Korea and find paradise?
4,I think professional voice actors are better at dubbing I watched it on Vod, but I couldn't deliver the lines, so I just raised the volume
1,I saw it because the reviews were amazing. Forced situations, typical tear-jerking, acting is reading Korean books. 4,000 won is a waste. But the story is like a children's story, so it's not a movie that makes you feel bad. I know what the target audience is like, and the ratings are good for them ^^
1,Mark, the Nuhai Institute of Scientific Research.
1,If you have high expectations, you will be disappointed.I hope professional voice actors can use domestic animations.The actors are constantly using it because of the movie promotion issue.I feel again why the soul of the character is a voice actor.
6,an emotional connection across generations
1,Come on, Lac Ninu Inu.
6,It's a bit far-fetched. It's not enough but touching
2,Working through the hoop on the front line soldiers where to express very good at heart I'm not ... The dog lead, but children are too negative representation of the people in the movie to see compassion that won't go.
5,I'm not very satisfied visually, but I can't get into it because there are many lines that make me cringe-worthy. I'm sorry to the director, but honestly speaking, I think it's more regressive than a yard hen.
1,I need to lower the rating.
6,Other than Park Chulmin's acting skills...
1,It's like talking about abandoned dogs, but it's annoying to talk about forced division. Demolition, development, illegal aliens, military... I can see the forced setting clearly. But why isn't Jeolla-do dog falling for it?lol
1,Why did you touch the grenade and run away?; Why is Bongji so handsome and there are so many carcinogens...
6,What happened to the bag?T
4,The logic of storytelling is poor and the animation imagination is poor, so I chose only the easy path.
1,Please use professional voice actors...
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? Or was I getting older? It's a movie that kids will love. Adults are a bit... He's so bossy. K
6,There were a lot of things that I was disappointed about, but I wanted to cheer for them
1,You're using an idol without a professional voice actor
6,The reviews were so good that I just watched it...disappointed with high expectations
5,Is dubbing okay? I don't know because I haven't seen it yet
4,The reason why it wasn't a box office hit...The number of viewers is correct!
2,The animation quality is worse than the Japanese TV series.Rarely audience-lowering Annie packed in premium
2,I watched it with my husband because he said it was touching./ It's not touching at all. I can tell from the video why Korean Annie can't improve. People who are saying it's touching.I was just going to show them to them, and it was kind of touching.It's not like a childless adult is watching
1,It's been overrated
5,There's still a lot of things I need to work on
1,Let's adjust the rating Yep
6,I had high expectations because not only the ratings of the visitors but also the reviews were good, but it wasn't as fun as I thought. It's probably different from the level of Ilany and Pixar. However, the story and Korean sentiment and scenery were good.
1,If you enjoyed the hen that came out of the yard, I strongly recommend it!
6,Acting like a narration that doesn't meet my expectations.
2,These days, I read a prenatal education book, and it's very similar to the story of a fairy tale that a lion or a tiger comes out when we're ruined and can't go back, so they meet animal friends in the forest and go to the paradise of animals like Utopia
1,Leave the soldiers alone.
1,The rating is so sudden that I'm going to tilt to one side and give you 1 point. It wasn't fun
4,The seven-year-old said he was scared and barely saw him. The dubbing was great, but... I don't want to recommend this movie to others, but the rating is amazing.
1,Should I write more than 10 characters?  -- --
2,It's so boring.I'm angry.
5,How can babies see this? It's a very heavy, depressing ending. It's like Annie going to North Korea, but this isn't it
6,Why are you using an actor instead of a professional voice actor? Especially, I heard Park So Dam again because I couldn't hear his diction in the preview
4,It's so sad and scary I watched the beginning a little bit and came out because I was scared of the kidcrying
6,Is everyone a part-timer in the comments?I was just like that's all.My 7-year-old daughter is scared. Is this a children's movie? To be honest, the dog catching movie is so cruel, shooting, and scary scene comes out.Of course, I was moved, but I hate the ending
6,If professional voice actors had done it, I would have been more focused, some of them would have been distracting.
2,I'll leave you with the 1,000th reviewlol
6,I watched it with my kid and he was a bit scared
4,There are too many expressions to look at with the children, and the hen who came out of the yard cried so much at the end, but I think the director has a definite color.You always use your parents' death as a noble sacrifice. Personally, I'm a little disappointed with the scenario and the direction.
1,Half a star is a waste of a movie. What is this story about dogs going to North Korea in search of freedom? This is a movie for kids? He wrote in his diary that it was a ridiculous movie
2,Worst... the story is too far-fetched and extreme.Even if you look at it for free, it's Eunyeong.For children, the word is "Gaegae-suh-suh-suh-suh-suh-suh-suh-suh-suh-suh-suh
2,I thought I was going to die. The kids are sleeping, tooDon't think it's a waste of money
6,It was touching. It was cool to see Moongchi being liberated
6,I saw the possibility of Korean animation
4,The movie was good, but the dubbing was too awkward to listen to.
6,The movie itself is great, but dubbing is distracting.
6,It's not the scale of DreamWorks, but it was great!
6,Despite its high completeness, it seems to be a negative factor in the box office performance that makes dog owners face uncomfortable facts that they wanted to turn a blind eye to. The acting was rather disappointing, and the writing and message were good.
6,I watched it with my son and he said it was fun~~^^
1,It doesn't make sense for a dog to speak Korean. Also, this movie is only 100 minutes long. It's not even 120 minutes long.And let the babies watch Vector Man or Magic Kid Masuri at home.What movie is it?
2,It's the worst. A movie made for children, where dogs die in a car accident, and there's a dog factory. It's a movie that shouldn't be viewed as a whole, even if it's a ridiculous. I took a 5-year-old with me, and I'm worried if I'll be mentally shocked. Don't take the kids with you.
4,The obvious story... The story isn't very good either. The kids are scary
6,Or abandoned dogs that are becoming a hot topic these days. Puppy factory... The movie dealt with various problems of animal abuse, such as roadkill, so I could easily contact my elementary school children and made me think about my dog again!
6,The content is worth watching. It's a bit of a rock, though. The problem is that the voice actors are really individually;; they're all immersed;;;
5,I want to use professional voice actors
4,More than I thought... Did I have high expectations?
6,It's boring for an adult, but a third child likes it~~
6,I saw it in the middle and it came outT
6,Spill a lot of levels of animation.
2,It reminds me of "Welcome to Dongmakgol. It was touching, but the ending was absurd. The characters were good, but I'm interested in the thoughts of the writer and the director.   Freedom there? Did you have to be there?    I thought it was a children's movie, but there were more girls than children.
1,Let's go to Digimon world
5,It's a precious Korean animation, so I hope it's more innovative. The story that I've already seen a lot is also pretty good. What would it be like to observe the dogs more and study their behavioral language more?
1,Seongwu, please...ㅠㅠ Korean voice actors are hungry
1,It's fun. Watch it Make sure you watch it. Yes, watch it
1,Does Moongchi read a Korean book?
1,But it's so nice. Hyeri, the real man
1,It was the best movie in the world. A touching story, perfect voice actors' acting, and above all, a scary movie that screamed in the last twist... Make sure to watch it's
6,I don't know what to say. Do you want to keep a good dog or send him back to nature?
1,Tell me you like it because it's well made
1,After making it hard, you have to do celebrity dubbing and sprinkle it again! Why don't you use a voice actor?
6,be worth seeing with one's child
