라따뚜이
5,Overall, I like the touching story of anyone who can cook, and I like the scene where Anton Ego changes his mind, but I wonder if a child can see a scene that has passed in a moment I don't know if he put it in there to show us the times.  I didn't have to add the scene where I drew a naked womanThe whole story is touching
5,I'm worried that a child will fall in love with a mouse
4,It was fun to watch the kitchen and the food, but it felt creepy and dirty to see a mouse cook. Did the main character have to put in an unattractive, cliche love line?
6,I was a little annoyed because the male character was frustrating and he was bluffing. I don't really like love lines either, so it was okay for a mouse to make food, but when it came out as a group, it was kind of disgusting. Maybe because I worked on hygiene, it was fun^^
6,It's fun, but it's kind of like a letter
6,everything sight and taste can give
1,Protect Dongting Lake with reasonable storage
1,Accelerating the Planning of Aeronautical Health Examinations
6,a nutrition diet based on lessons
6,I'm watching it, but I'm frustrated and annoyed because of the main character
4,I like Pixar movies, but this is disappointing. Your imagination is too much.
3,It is disappointing to see the forced material, the development without any plausible taste, and the lame crisis and ending.A food critic is the only thing to see.
6,Cartoons are unrealistic, but they should be immersed, but there are many leaps and bounds, so I can't
6,A cartoon that children will like to see.
1,For some reason, I feel like I need to adjust my rating.
6,The irony of having a clean job using animals with a prejudice of being messy was good. However, the development of the story was insignificant.
1,Well, it wasn't as fun as I thought
4,Let the world benefit from gourmet food!
6,I had a lot of thoughts after watching the movie. So should I take those ideas positively or just as a movie itself?Unreal is sometimes so realistic that it gives me goosebumps
6,Maybe this is Hollywood's intelligent anti-France
6,A lesson play (or sniper) filled with taste and aroma in the land of art.
2,It is suggestive and the flow is predictable. Sleep in the middle
6,It was hard to immerse myself because of the unattractive main character. I understand that anyone can cook, but I don't want to eat the food that Jute makes.
6,It is hard to find such a good story and composition. But there are some holes in the film.
3,Am I old? Is the movie childish?
1,ㅓ
1,It's bitter
1,I don't think so.
1,I don't like Pixar the most
1,I'm the only one who gets one point, but honestly, if you look at the content, there's no place where you can't force a single second. From the part where a mouse escapes from a shooting grandmother's house, to be honest, there's no one who shoots a mouse and turns his house into a mugwort. It's totally unreasonable
6,I don't know what the hell you're feeling when you see this.It's not funny
6,It's not as good as I thought. The visual beauty is excellent, but the story is young; the current rating is unbelievable
5,I fell asleep while watching it, but I don't know why this is fun
6,It was fun, but I'm a bit sad
3,It's not that fun... Maybe it's because it's a mouse
1,Touching? This?
4,I have a hunch it's gonna be a cheap comedy.
6,It's not perfect, but it's fun
1,It was fun, but the end was a bit disappointing 1 point is for rating
5,I watched this movie before, but it was a waste to pay for it.
1,It was boring.
3,I can't believe this movie has more than 9 points. No way.
1,There you go
1,The world's best cook is really good
1,not much
6,It wasn't as much as I expected, but it was atmosphere and worth watching.
1,Bad
3,Pixar's imagination is amazing. Happy ending where we say let's not have bad reviews and think positively
6,It was hard to immerse myself because of the very bad feeling about rats.
2,The material is so common that it's not fun. It's in the 9th grade
5,It's not that...
1,Maybe because I saw Will-e first. I can't see the other Annie.
5,I knew it was boring.
1,Are you kidding? There are political rats in our country
6,Family animation with a lesson that anyone can cook
3,This is the first time I've ever seen a movie quit.
6,I couldn't feel interested. I gave up in the middle of watching.
1,The rating is too high; it's true that it's childish because it's a cartoon; 6-7 is appropriate; let's cut the rating!
1,As I watched it, it went as I expected.That was too obvious. Just a sigh...
6,It was fun.
6,The jolly rat world is interesting and not so bad, but in part it's
2,a cure for insomnia
2,Oh, I can't understand the rating. It was brilliant, but it was boring, like 6 stars
1,Not really
1,It was really boring, but why is the rating so high?
1,I'll make one, too LOL
4,I expected it, but I didn't watch it in the middle because I was tired of
6,I was looking forward to it. It's just a kid's movie
5,That's a lot of foam on the rating. It's worth a look.
1,Well done, but... It is not 9.19... 8.9 or so.
6,It wasn't that funny
6,Oh, am I emotionally dry? I wasn't impressed.
1,I slept while watching it... Maybe it's because I watched it when I was sleepy...Childish.
4,It's just a cooking fairy tale.
6,It's perfect to kill time
1,I want to be touched
1,Just Annie
1,I'm not crazy
1,That's cute
1,Good
1,Not really
6,Is it because I'm compared to other animations? I can't really relate to it.
6,It's just an animation
1,It's not fun at all. Don't worry
1,Characters and situations that irritate me from start to finish, not my type
6,If it wasn't as high as I expected, it would have been cute
1,I can't believe a pathetic movie.
1,I'm sorry, I'm getting a very high rating... ...for children's movies, good, but not as good as The Lion King.
1,It's the best animation I've ever
1,It's a movie that elementary school students will like
1,It was the worst
6,It was cute and fun, but I wish I could show you more colorful French food.
1,It's a family movie, but it's not gonna be the best...
2,Why do I get angry when I see Linguini?
5,People who watched this movie will regret it after seeing the movie score.LOL
2,It is still the most worth watching animation I have ever seen. Two points
6,It's a fresh story, but I don't think there's a rat in the food
3,It's really not fun. I saw it on video and I thought it would be fun!I shouldn't have borrowed it.
5,Fortunately, I watched it until the end
6,It's just...
1,It's not a waste of time. But not the best. Disagreeing with high ratings
6,The story was good but boring
1,I don't like graphics
1,Very childish
1,It'd be great to watch it with the kids
1,It's not as fun as the Incredibles.
3,I feel like I'm not good enough for Nemo and the Incredibles... I might have exaggerated my expectations
1,I didn't show you the movie
5,I made it well...
6,It was okay at first, but it was a bit boring in the middle. Forced to watch it all...
1,Ann Byulu
3,That was a bit childish
1,It wasn't that boring
1,I can't believe it's this high.
1,not much
1,9,2 is too high, the best Annie for me is the Incredible with a girl who runs through time.
1,It's a lot of fun
1,Let's not give any movie or 10 points. 8 points is a good movie.
1,..What's so funny?
1,Is it because of the high expectations?
1,There's no jam when you get older
1,It's not fun
1,There's really nothing much to it.
1,Just a fun movie
3,I'll have to watch it again later. I don't understand why this is funny.
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,The moment the yawn turned to sleep, the movie ended
1,I can only think of Stuart Little
1,A disappointing movie compared to my expectations;
1,I had a good night's sleep.
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I didn't like it -_-; Ah, spring for no reason
1,It's not that fun
1,I don't want to see Annie anymore
1,A sad mouse who can't be a human, is it attractive?
2,Honestly, it wasn't fun.
1,Childish.
1,For elementary school students
1,Why would a rat carrying germs cook? Ugh...
1,What if it wasn't a rat but a cockroach? Oh, it's coming out
4,I don't know if I'm weird, but... It's kind of boring... It wasn't at all
1,I don't like it
6,OO fart is not fun Let's fart
4,Well, was there any fun for the kids?
1,It's not even 1 point, but it's not even 10 points
5,It's so disappointing for the rating.
6,It's distracting
1,To be honest, it wasn't.
1,It's not fun. It's childish. I'd rather have Nintendo
4,That's so cute. I watched it for fun
1,The worst movie in my life
6,As time goes by, I'm getting less interested.
6,Am I the only one who's not funny?
5,Childish and common touch CG's unnaturalness
4,I'd rather watch Toy Story one more time.
1,It's the worst... 3rd-rate story.That was so cliche
2,I don't like it
5,Modern stereotypical family animation Moderate laughter Moderate touching Pixar I'm sick of it...
5,It was more boring than I thought I'm more touched than I thought. Monster Co., Ltd. is the best!
3,It was amazing that rats cooked! The perfect match between a mouse and a person! It's fun.
5,I like them all, but I hate rats
6,Graphic fantasy. I'm impressed.
6,It's like a movie that kids can enjoy watching
5,Elementary school movies. I made it well.
5,It's fun as long as you don't expect it's fun.
6,I'm hungry.
1,These guys are crazy. They're not funny
6,Did I expect too much?
1,It's not good
5,The video is really 10 points! The story is sloppy.
6,From vague recipes to meta-criticism. Remi's acrimonious "Chef Success Story"
5,7 points for CG, 3 points for content, and 5 points for average is enough
1,Annie's not my cup of tea
2,The worst Pixar movie ever... I never thought I'd be disappointed in Pixar. I feel like I watched a Sunday morning cartoon.
1,Dirty rats
1,Dirty rats
1,The worst of the worst, self-inflicted debauchery. I advise you never to look.
6,It was fun
5,It's not bad, but it's not that funny
4,I'm bored ㅠㅠ
1,You made this Annie? It's a story that's not as good as a B-rated Annie
1,The content is good, but the rating is too high.
1,I hate rats the most
5,It wasn't the last scene.
5,Everyone has talent
6,I saw it when I was hungry. It made me want to cook. What did the mouse cook? Yuck...
1,not much,,
6,"Everyone can do it." It's left in my heart
1,What?
6,There was a boring side, but it was a good movie.K
6,I was a bit disappointed because I had high expectations, but it was a cute and interesting movie ^^
4,Ugh... I fell asleep in the middle...
5,It's not that funny, it's not that touching, and it's kind of obvious
4,It's not my cup of tea. Annie's not that...
1,..I'm not touched
1,Honestly, it's a waste of money
1,Mice must be exterminated
2,A typical American animation is not funny
2,As expected, I'm not born to be an American Annie. Obvious and boring Annie.
5,I saw it on NAVER and it was really boring -_- The kids were tired of it
5,I shouldn't just pick a movie based on the ratings^^
1,Oh, my mistake
4,It's not as good as I thought. When I was a mouse cooking, it was gross
1,It was so boring. What a waste of money.uu
6,I put so many elements into the animation that it was a little boring than neat taste
5,It was just like that...=_=ㅋ
6,The worst Pixar Annie I've ever seen.
1,You're so childish. You'll like elementary school kids
1,Did only elementary students watch it? The rating is ridiculous LOL
5,I just watched it without thinking
6,It wasn't that fun, but I enjoyed it
1,Anti
6,The characters and colors are good, but they try to teach too much I'm a little tired of it
4,It was a little boring, but worth watching
1,This isn't right
1,It's "Chaanseup"
5,Why wasn't I funny? Are you a high school student and your childhood innocence has disappeared ㅠㅠ
6,It's time to get out of the schematic...I hate movies that I try to point at
6,It was just worth seeing. Well, if it's a little boring because it's a slow development, hmm
3,It's really bad... It's so boring =[
5,I expected it because the rating was high, but it was a little boring in the middle.The opening is the best
6,It was good. It was good to watch the movie version where the concept is played like these days
4,It's not that funny.
1,There's nothing to see
5,I was just like that
5,I think it's better not to believe in the ratings. It's just a normal movie.
1,The video is very beautiful and the content is warm. It's just boring and cliche.
1,If you see Ratatouille, Hyungrae doesn't like it. Go ahead
1,If you see Ratatouille, Hyungrae doesn't like it. Go ahead
3,Are you drinking water?
6,It's just... It's just
3,medium load
4,It's just good for killing time.
1,Rat OO heard my money ㅠㅠ
1,What a waste of money.
6,Did I look forward to it too much because of the ratings? To be honest, it's less than I expected
1,not much
1,It's a seven-point movie, but everyone's giving 10 points
6,The instructive element is good, but I didn't want to eat what the mouse cooked
2,It looks so delicious. The mouth-watering rat dish...
1,The rating is too high. a movie worth 8 points
4,I don't know
1,Dog Tatouille
1,It's similar to Stuart Little. I don't like it
1,It's weird that D-War's fancy holiday is higher than this
1,not much
6,It's not as interesting as the evaluation.
1,It was just like that
1,I enjoyed watching it, but the rating is too highlol
1,moving
5,I looked back because I was bored in the middle It's worth seeing
2,I fell asleep because it was so funny.
1,I'm going to watch it today. I will correct the rating after watching it.
1,What is this...
1,Childish.
3,It's money.
2,It's a movie that doesn't suit me.
2,Let's download this
1,Why is the rating high? -.-; theory
6,The story is boring.
3,Pixar seems to be making a boring cartoon like this from time to time.
2,Spring isn't a big deal because of the kids
1,I don't really...
6,I was looking forward to it a lot
1,It's about mice making food. Rats outdo people Hey, use it
1,I'll get 1 point for a comic book lol
1,what.
1,What is it?
1,The rat in the movie--
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
5,Did I expect too much?ㅜㅜ
1,It's really childish... I'm an elementary schooler
1,That's childish ㅠㅠ
5,Fooled by ratings -_-; Yes, it was fun in the beginning.
3,Oh, it's really boring -_- I only think it's boring...
1,I watched the dubbing and slept
4,I heard it was fun, so I watched it, but I was tricked.I was bored to death.I'm scared that I'll get cramps in my dreams.
1,Does your mother know you guys are like this?
1,Ratatouille, hurrah! It's so much fun. 1 point
6,A movie that I watched for 30 minutes while holding back my sleep for an hour and 20 minutes.
1,I'm a kid
1,lol
1,Why watch this in theaters? I'll download it
1,5 hmm...........................
6,There are many famous sayings, but they were not interesting.
5,For a Pixar movie... It wasn't that fun.
6,Well, it's not interesting. What is this movie about? That's what I thought.
6,Well, there are a lot of part-time jobs. It's not 10 points.I think it's about six points~~
4,I want to think it's going to be delicious, but I'm nauseous.
6,..-_-;The way the 10 scorers speak is similar--there's a conspiracy here
6,It's not a drama with 10 stars.You must have worked out a lot
2,Let's call it a hamster.The mouse is dirty, so I think there is a mouse in the popcorn
2,To be honest, I didn't like it
1,I saw you cooking mice.
6,More than I thought... It would have been fun if I watched it without expectations
1,... It makes me speechless^^ㅗ
1,I almost threw up watching the mice cook.
5,It'd look fun if it's made of ingredients
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
6,Did I expect too much? I'm way below the previous ones.
2,Are you kidding me ^^;;
1,It's for elementary school students
5,Looking at the way they're leaving comments, it really seems like a part-time job.
1,It wasn't fun. It was funny
1,It looks like fun
6,It's fun
6,It's a good story. It's fun to watch lightly
1,It's a bit childish...
1,This isn't it. I dozed off at the movies ㅠㅠ
6,I dozed off a little, but it means a lot. Money doesn't hurt
4,somehow
6,It's better than Dewar
5,It's only a matter of time before Annie in the U.S. falls behind Japan and catches up with Europe
1,crying
4,Look at Tom and Jerry LOL
3,Throw it out.
1,I fall asleep while watching...
1,D-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W-W! rataturugen LOL
1,Byulung
1,This isn't right
1,What's wrong with this? It's so boring
5,This is something wrong. There are only 1,206 people who participated. Second place? I can't believe it
6,Everyone praises it, but at that rate, it's just the level of the existing Pixar animation.
2,The least interesting movie I watched was the Anatomy Class, but I think it's higher than that
1,That's childish
1,This is too obvious.
1,Zola is not funny
5,Boring... What's the story?
5,It's not as good as the Incredibles. But I recommend it among animations!
1,To be honest, this is not the level of criticism.And why didn't I smile once?--;;; not much
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.
6,It's my first time feeling a little disappointed when I saw Pixar Annie.
1,I almost threw up when I saw the mice cooking ★
1,way to go
4,It was a bit boring. The mouse was cute
6,They say it's funny, but something's missing.
1,It's an elementary movie
1,a sleepy movie
1,a sleepy movie
6,Dewar gave birth...
1,That's strange.
3,The rating is too high for the work...
1,I just managed to get it, but it was strangely high-rated strangely
1,Well, it was fun, but... D-War is more fun
1,It's going to be No. 1 on NAVER's movie list
1,Hmm, not so good.They're movies!
5,It's worth watching, but I don't give you 10 points because you're cute.
1,May the Transformers be reversed
6,Enimashawn for elementary and middle school students was cute. -ㅅ-
6,It was just worth watching
5,It's fun, but...I was a little sleepy after an hour.^^
1,Top
1,I didn't watch it, but I don't want to score it
1,I don't think it's a nine-point movie.
3,I should've seen D-War
1,That's too bad. And that's too bad.Is it because I forced myself to watch it?
1,I was tricked by my GPA.What's funny?
1,Why is this rating 9.17; rather, I feel like a fool
1,As expected, no
1,Is this a movie? What a waste of money
6,As expected, it's a cartoon.
1,I'm not giving you 10 points. I'm not giving you enough to escape Shawshank.
1,Your rating is too highHigher than time girl
1,It's a mess before the movie
1,a total disappointment
4,What's great about it? The kids were sick of it, so they wanted to go home.
4,It's similar to the movie I watched when I was young
1,Elementary student control
5,Ratatouille Screening, Yuding + Elementary Ding Occupied;;
1,Merge;;;
1,Oh, a mouse like Wieong. I'm upset because you came out. 1 point
1,Well, I saw this...
1,10 points?
1,The people who gave me 10 points at the bottom... Kindergarten level child annie -_-
1,Ladies, please give me an appropriate rating. - 10 points for everything
1,First place in the overall ranking?
1,There's only Die Hard Transformer, so the women who saw this are giving out 10 points
1,I don't like it
1,As expected, Annie... After
1,The bubble is a big one. I don't want you to be fooled.
1,It's been a while since I had a good night's sleep at a movie theater
1,It's not that bad.
1,It's not that...
1,The current rating is too high, so I think about six is appropriate
5,I lost my concentration.
6,Obvious story...
1,I don't like it; it feels like a long timeIf I lost, I should have watched it on video
6,The graphics are cool, but the story is not good.
1,Childish pants...
6,It is ingenious and pleasant, but it is not up to the standard of the previous works.
6, as it is
5,It wasn't as good as I thought
1,No elementary school kids. It's annoying
1,As expected, it's nothing special
6,It was just like that
5,trifling
1,That's the worst  Shaking
1,As expected, the part-timers are the best
1,Because of Pixar part-timers, I lost 7,000 won for the boring ratatouille
1,Why did you make it?
1,Oh, you look childish
3,It's just a movie
6,It's the first time I'm entertaining with an idea, and I'm tired of wasting my time without any content.
