핵소 고지
4,I thought it would be like that, but it's a movie that makes it like that
4,The victory of the whole rather than the individual's belief, the peripheral pleasure of the pain of the comrades.
2,If you can't shoot, why did you join the army?
1,The horoscope is really exaggerated. It's hard to find war movies so boring
5,An incision in a man who performed a miracle without a gun. The eyes of the movie inspired by the bloodthirsty victory.
6,The cruelty of war is far from a message of reversal. The hero's narrative created by faith, the character's illumination, is all.
2,I think there are a lot of part-timers with horoscopes.
2,If this wasn't a nine-point rating, six-point zoom, not a nine-point rating. boredom, cliche and rusticness
4,a film whose production ruined everything Acting, story, atmosphere, etc. each tried to show the horrors of war, but when combined, it became a comedy
4,No... I don't get cursed at because it works out well. Isn't it just a waste of money? Why don't you take a gun for your beliefs when you have to kill each other's war What if the enemy's bullet that you didn't shoot kills your friend? Is that all right? It's just a funeral service, even disobeying orders in the atmosphere of the unit is messed up
6,Sweet potatoes in the first half. The second half is cider. a superficial negativity. an indisputable sloppyness
2,It's so close
1,You want to say that the medic who saved 75 lives is much more noble than the general infantry who killed 75?If Desmond is involved in the situation where I have to kill the enemy who's trying to kill my colleague first, then I'm either dead or injured before he can help me as a medic.It's grandiosely wrapped.
6,The atmosphere was so high, but I laughed so hard when I hit the grenade with my hand and kick ㅜㅜ
6,Regardless of the content of the movie, I don't like the main character who says conscientious objection to military service
6,After all, war needs a gun. Desmond was able to save many people because there were so many guns that saved him.
1,It's not as fun as I expected.
4,I thought the storytelling until the middle was the bottom line for the climax. Why does it feel more realistic to see the Battle of Basthong repertoire of the Band of Brothers Eugene Ro from the beginning of the battle in Okinawa? I felt that question. It makes me think of them as war games. Even after a week of training in the army, I grew a lot more beard than that. Come to think of it, the movie is very...And the machine gun reality check. Is the director not finished yet?
1,If you want to see a man's uncivilized, watch a war movie
6,a movie worth watching for free
6,It was so amazing that it was a story of a real person.
1,
5,It's just worth watching. It's real. It's great. The subject of war movies is unique. It's amazing that the main character doesn't die
6,Follow your faith? He is only after his beliefs. I don't think it matters what the belief is. Even psychopaths have their own beliefs. Although he tried to wrap it up as a religion and show a firm belief in peace, it cannot be denied that the main character is a considerable mental patient who does not fit into society like psychopath. Don't blindly criticize religion without figuring out what the movie is trying to convey? OO.
6,The irony of the movie is that the director is a violent addict.
1,A dung painting made to glorify a dung Christian. /The whole story is about an egoistic dung Christian going into the army and refusing a gun. /Running away from war. Some of the injured were awarded the Order of Carriage.
1,The acting is great, the development before the war is okay, the description of the desperate battlefield is good, and the protection of individual beliefs from persecution is great. But if it was a non-fiction movie, it would have been more convincing and inspired by the story of a person who never let go of his beliefs, but it would have been more like an action movie where Kim Il-sung was carrying bazooka on his shoulders and destroyed his enemiesIn the scene where I became a table tennis player and soccer player to protect my teammates at the end, I was wondering if I was dizzy, not because of the actions shown in urgency, but because of the movie level.The more real-life, true-life stories Mel Gibson would have done a better job of describing what might have happened as a devout believer, but he turned the protagonist into some sort of crusading fantasy medieval munchkin, making the mocking a Christian film unconditionally supported by a religious man.Yeah, I'd rather have a medieval fantasy with a monk who seeks to kill him
5,Although the movie is good. I'm afraid Korean military service offenders will use it as an excuse. Do you think you're going to volunteer as a hygienist in a situation where you don't have to go to the battlefield in a war? What about the conscientious Koreans?
5,a contradictory film that is interesting but shows different words and actions
6,The story is okay, but...The battle scene is so unrealistic. Can you kick a heavy grenade away?lol
1,A strange movie that depicts the strange values and strange beliefs of the main character. It came out annoyed while watching the movie.
4,How can you give 10 points to this American hero game? I hope it will not serve as an opportunity to give legitimacy to Jehovah's witnesses, who are conscientious objectors in Korea.
6,Great achievements are touching but religious beliefs or whatever, repudiating the rally was the worst
1,I was watching it on TV, so I was wondering what movie it was. That's not good. Looking at the Naver rating, the movie's content is touching and I don't think I can do it, but that person must like what he did. He was so cheeky about critics, so I wondered what critics were thinking, as is the case with movie ratings.I don't think the critics to be right. Emphasizing it as a true story, showing it even though it's not an old thing that's been put into war. It's a true story of a man who believes in not using a gun and not killing others.Gore. I think the cruelty of war and the difficulty of anyone there are possible in terms of the expression shown in the existing war movies. Well, it's up to the director. By the way, what is the absurd logic of showing such cruelty that I will serve in the military without killing or refusing weapons? In particular, what is it that you take out your anger on the bed that you showed in prison before the military trial? Is it good that you don't kill without weapons? And he's a soldier who didn't bring weapons from the battlefield.It's a fatal blow to other fellow soldiers. Don't you think he'll protect me when I'm attacked by the enemy? Even if I don't have a weapon, I will seek a colleague as a medical soldier until the end, but how can I know whether it is true or false? The conclusion is that it is a true story and it has already happened, so that person did it. But it became a movie because it did. If he had just died doing nothing during the war, he would not have been left in the movies. Just like a normal military stunt wasn't made into a movie. It's true that the main character did a great job, but would you say that you are not an enemy because you are not an enemy because you are not a weapon? A movie that seems to have seen a person from an environmental organization who just chants and promotes that the environment is being destroyed without any countermeasures. Did you have to show so many people dying in the movie to make a hero?
1,I don't understand why there are so many people who like this director. It's a true story, but it doesn't seem like it at all. It's terrible compared to the Band of Brothers. Let's start the rating adjustment.
6,By the middle, the hero's dedication was beautiful and touching, but because of the dichotomous composition of the ending, it just became a common Hollywood war movie
2,Makes the true story of a great man so cringe. It's not a commercial movie, but a group movie.
1,The content was good, but it feels like a B-class movie.
5,I'd rather film a music video.
1,What noble faith and courage?
6,Another hero made by this movie is the Japanese military.  Like a soldier, he fights to the end and commits suicide cleanly when he cannot win. This is the reality that Hollywood sees the German and Japanese forces differently.
5,The war scene is realistic, but somehow it feels like Rambo in the eighties. Heroic love, humanity. Feels like it's in the cliche. It's not an A-list war movie
1,Who the hell is war for, who are the victims of it, and who are the perpetrators?
3,It's an obvious story. I gave up in the war scene rather than in the middle
1,Heresy Pseudo 7th Anglican Promotional Film
1,같은Same conscientious objection--
6,If the war scene had been described more realistically,
6,It was surprising that such a true story existed, and his sacrifice and spirit of service were surprising. However, it was a pity that even a well-made movie was an obvious development and ending. I liked it because it was obvious, and I was sad because it was obvious.
4,It's touching, but it's not fun
6,It is boring but touching to see him show his justice and beliefs. Unlike the early atmosphere, it was surprising that there was a rather cruel scene.
6,the hope of humanity, the value of goodness
6,A blow to those who laugh at their beliefs!
1,The reality is a little, the packaging is full.
5,It's not a good war movie. It is a phenomenal drama that took place in the era of war.
6,A hero's faith and courage are admirable but buried in showing his exploits.
1,You American war mongers are lying.
1,I thought it would contain the belief and anguish of a person who pursued non-violence in front of an enemy who shot at him in a battlefield where violence was natural, but it was a corny American Protestant hero.
5,Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
1,I thought it was EXO, but it's not.
1,I felt uncomfortable watching "Ddong Gonzo" all the whole time.
6,It was carcinogenic at first, but it's better at the end
3,an American filmMaking a Trite Hero
4,The exaggerated heroics of a false believer. I was horrified by their contradictory doctrines of not being able to hold a gun that kills people, but being able to save our enemy-killing allies. The production was superb. I wonder what it would have been like if it had been adapted.
1,I like "Don't Watch War" movies that are in the top ten of the rated movies, but this is a tactical third-rate movie that's right in front of me and comes at the head of a gun
5,In 1984, two Jehovah's Witnesses, who were tied to a rope and shaved their heads at Haeundae Jangsan Recruit Training Center, were dragged out to public trial. Why don't you take a gun? Yeah, that's how he goes to prison. a conscientious objector Refuse to rally. Fresh shock. I remember it as the most noble of the religious doctrines ever
2,If it was a religious movie, I wouldn't watch it. I threw away my two hours
1,Mel Gibson, Jehovah's witness, suddenly became Wei...
6,Forty-seven thousand U.S. soldiers were killed.  A true hero is all those who have sacrificed their lives to hell. Had it been more focused on its atrocities.
4,The message is good. However, the directing was a mess, and the disappointment was healed by saving Private Ryan.
2,It's not that I don't know my will to keep my beliefs, but my beliefs are after my existence. B, What would be the people who died trying to protect my parents and brother? How do deniers accept noble sacrifices? It's quite wrong to think of it as a victim without even considering it
1,I got a lot of ratings. The whole story is frustrating. It's a boring story about how you can't use a gun because it's a read-only book
2,It's not a real-time search engine, it's the first time it's on OCN, so it's up because it's on air
1,Why is this coming up on the top of the real-time search list?
1,It was on real-time search
6,EXO... Is it an announcement?
1,That's hypocrisy, you know other soldiers like to belittle peace and shoot, but someone needs to do something painful to protect peace. If you are that noble, you should not avoid hard, painful, and painful things, but you put off the most painful things to others.
1,It's a good movie, apart from religious values
1,That's why soldiers of interest have to hit until they die.But you're not gonna be able to pull yourself together.
1,Those who fail to serve in the military get 1 point because they are unlucky
6,It's not about holding a ballpoint pen or holding a gun, it's about who's better at carrying their beliefs.But even though it's a true story, it's not comfortable because it's too heroic.
1,Lord, the movie is annoying
3,I don't like the way it's glorified.
1,I fell for it. It's not fun because I almost fell. Why don't you make it into a documentary?
1,If you were looking forward to a war movie, watch another oneIt's so boring
6,It's a Hollywood heroism film, but it's not an unmade film in itself
6,I'm sorry, but I think that twist is not what you think. It's against war. Please improve your vocabulary and reading comprehension If you don't want to show that you're ignorant,
6,The people who left comments... Critic Heo Nam-woong wrote "anti-war," which means opposing the war, not "anti-war," which means that the play is overturned.
6,Touching material and good acting, but the cliché was indelible
1,I'm slowly trying to brainwash you, dog dog that has no answer
6,If it's 10 points to get Ryan's sick, it's about 6 points.  a film beneath one's head
1,What a waste of time.
1,Very unrealistic movie. This is why I hate Protestantism.
1,Why did you go to the army and have a hard time?
6,I hope there's no one who refuses to serve after watching this movie
1,It's like trash. What a waste of my money
1,The movie focuses on the second half, so it's enough to watch from 60 minutes.  In the movie itself, 9 points is too much and about 7.5...   There are many cruel scenes.
6,I don't think it's 9 points
6,It's just a normal movie
1,A movie that is not interesting except for religious views.
3,It wasn't fun. Maybe it's because I watched it on my phone. Yeoju is so pretty
3,That's a high score. I thought it was a war movie, but it was just a read-through movie.His sacrifice and courage come from the Bible. Faith is not a belief.
6,A movie about the greatness of a man of faith!Desmond is getting cooler as time goes by
5,The movie itself was good, but... To be honest, the main character's belief is quite selfish... If you were going to do that in the first place, you shouldn't have applied to the army, if you wanted to save people so badly, you could study and become a doctor. I made a good movie, but honestly, I don't understand the main character's behavior
5,Except that the main character looked a little light, it was okay, but the slow-motion advance in the second half was too cliche, and the main character's grenade tennis and soccer kicks were completely broken.
5,I was drunk on mibbong and Shinbbong and screamed. I was surprised to see the 100kg jab counterattacking and choked.
6,It was a true story, so I tried to look as real as possible, but the sloppy part was somewhat exposed. It's a shame that it's so well-made. It's not enough to make a mockery of it.
3,It's not my style. The action scene was worth watching. Anyway, I still like Mel Gibson.
6,I couldn't resist turning off the front half and stopped watching it on the way.
4,a conservative film with a view of Clint
5,I can't believe this movie has such a high rating.It's a big deal, but this is faith?I don't look normal.I don't want to see anyone else. Do I have to do that there?Can't you use that belief somewhere else?It's uncomfortable to look at
1,Mel Gibson is such a disgusting religious man.
1,What are those who die in the beginning? I was frustrated to see a man who could not kill any of them, and if it was me, I would have killed all of them.
2,The male protagonist interferes with immersion. I don't feel like a main character
1,Dirty religious movie 'Spring Because of Andrew'
1,Mel Gibson, the coercion of faith makes the other person uncomfortable.
6,That's too bad. It's ambiguous. The story's development is so loose and simple to impress that the climax proceeds without the main character/situation forming a bond with the audience, so the emotion is weak. Religious beliefs are the subject of the film, but I don't think that's the subject.
5,Is this jam?a forced, emotional, and a sense of no action;
5,The screen is too cruel. No need to be so realistic. a mental health hazard
1,Obvious content Obvious result Alba's movie by Alba
2,I can't watch it because it's so cheesy because he's so nice
1,Who in the world likes to fight with guns? They all don't want to kill people with guns. If everyone doesn't raise their guns, who's protecting the country? Selfish things
6,The description of the battlefield is like a Gore movie. Thanks to you, the calm Kim Dong and everything else flew away. And the story is just a part of a drama, but I think there are too many useless stories in it. It's not a masterpiece, it's a pretty good war movie.Don't expect too much from the score
6,The film's workability is fine.  But if you think all conscientious objectors will act 100 percent just because the protagonist acts like that, then your imagination is too good.  The character Doss was great. But that's all.
1,I'm pro-American, but I'll give you a point
6,He is a very difficult character.
1,How many words do you review the movie? A lot of things. Joo-daeng is the only one who lives
1,If all religious people had acted like this and called it a belief, you wouldn't be able to see this review right now. I'll be cleaning under the Auji Tangguang or the side.
6,Something's missing.Nam Joo always lacks something...
1,Garfield's bad acting is so lame
6,Religious faith is... Not everyone with a religion is like him. So it's a touching story. The realistic and brutal battle scene is also well-made. Mel Gibson is a good director
6,A work that can be seen as a hero or a great inspiration to a really great person. It is a movie that can be divided into likes and dislikes depending on the perspective. However, it is regrettable that the sense of reality decreases due to the intensive lighting of one character.
4,Jehovah's Witness movie. Mr. Gibson, I am disappointed.
1,Religious movies, hell of disbelief, movies where Jesus raised the sitting duck and opened the eyes of the blind, indirectly telling how many Jesus Christians there are in the country
2,I turned it off when I saw you acting up at the Dos training center. It's a bunch of contradictions. I can't believe you don't hold a gun because you hate murder. Wow, the introduction didn't get over the carcinogenesis of sweet potatoes. lol
5,It's hypocrisy. If a soldier doesn't kill on the battlefield, the other guys will kill him. The word belief makes sense, but the act of sending one's burden to one's colleague.
1,There is no doubt that dogs must be poison
6,a different style of war hero film
6,It's touching to save so many people, but it's not like kicking a grenade, is it?
6,I really enjoyed myself. (Laughs)
6,It's a realistic war scene, but it looks like it's wrapped up nicely with a lucky torture tube
3,The jesus jaelim japanese people...You don't have to go to the army, you don't have to go to jail.You can save lives like Desmond!
1,What I couldn't understand was... Is it a national cemetery? The real man, Doss, refers to the dead buried there, and the real heroes are them. He won't kill anyone People who died fighting with guns without guns are real heroes? It's just a covert or blatant Sungmi Christian film
5,It's so boring! The main character's mouth is weird! Short tongue! Unlikable!After the battle scene, it's boring. I recommend you wrap it up quickly
1,I don't really... All I can say is that it's really not good
1,It's a story about the Japanese army with a Bible
1,The story wasn't so good, but the battle scenes were realistic
6,It was fun, but the ridiculous part is that the medic is much faster than other soldiers Turn the grenade around and block it?
2,It's not fun. 10 letters...
5,It's a story about a soldier with faith, but when a war breaks out, it's like an action movie. I can't get into it because the topic and the content conflict.
6,It's not as good as I expected--ㅡㅡ
1,If you're going to ask me why I'm supporting the army, I'll just be serving in the church for the rest of my life
1,It's all good, but religious beliefs are abhorrent It reminds me of Jehovah's witness.
6,The score distribution is 73%! Isn't it the Communist Party? It's not this level. Give it at least three days after watching the movie. It's a movie that can give you 10 points
1,I feel uncomfortable with the unrealistic war scene, such as shooting Japanese people while running with the body as a shield, and sweeping Japanese soldiers with a flamethrower.
1,Although he is a war hero, he is very disappointed because he trusted his rating.It's not fun or touching, but should I give you 10 points?
1,It's my personal preference, but...
1,In fact, the Battle of Okinawa was fought by 600,000 U.S. soldiers, 34,000 Japanese soldiers, and 80,000 Okinawa civilians. In the case of the Maeda Ridge (nuclear notice), the actual U.S. military mobilized tanks, flamethrowers, bombers, fighter jets, and battleship artillery. It is a battle that is already scheduled to be won or lost against the Japanese military, which was fought against him with heavy weapons.
6,I like movies based on true stories Thank you
5,A hero full of faith, just a superhuman?
1,I'm disappointed that it's not as fun as the Incheon Landing Operation.
1,I'm telling the guys who gave me 1 point  This is a true story. I don't think you guys know it well. It's a true story without a process. It's a Christian propagation. Please don't add meaning to it. It's just a true story. If you like thriller action so much, just type it together
1,Toraengs are so passionateIn Korea, the bad guys who failed in the box office are all over the place. Go to the army
4,Religion and beliefs are good, but I think there are too many American soldiers in it.  I think I can feel the difference from reality
1,It's not fun, but the rating is too high. I think 6.5 is appropriate. I don't like excessive Christian glorification
1,I want to give you 7 points, but the rating is so high that 1 point zoom white supremacy black-and-white logic typical of inner south bullish christians
6,The compositional regret that we should have somehow reduced the boring scenes to go to the battlefield. Shouldn't we have changed the basic settings items to quality ones? The message is clear and warm, but its completeness falls short of expectations.
3,The main character was not understood. Overall, the last scene for the Japanese lick is so blatant that I'm sick of it.
1,Life of a hard-headed no-answer who threw a science book into the trash can after worrying about which one is true, earth science textbook or Bible Genesis. They were born, so they should eat three meals a day. I'll understand that, but don't eat well and talk about Jesus Christ
2,If you endure the boring drama and love story in the beginning, there will be a more sloppy battle scene waiting...Andrew Garfield is Anthony Perkins' fake, far from it.
5,Is it past the age to read the great man's biography? Bad memories of cramming education?
1,Let's make Korea, too. a gunless meat shield unit for religious rejection.God will make you avoid bullets.
2,If it's a little better in Japan, you get 1 point, and if it's bad, you get 10 points. It's like kimchi guys
6,If Doss had a gun with his survival, he would have saved more
4,Don't be fooled by the ratings. The movie shows half of the 139 minute running time boringly that Christianity is 이 and half of the war scenes are saved. The actors' performances are too much, and Sergeant Howell's body and running form are not soldiers, but chubby itself. Mel Gibson, trust and manure
6,The production is old-fashioned. Mel Gibson movies smell like Korean directors. The contrived production will only reduce the reality of the movie. There are people who compare this film's war description to saving Private Ryan, which is a crime that defames Saving Private Ryan.
1,It's a waste of even one.There's no twist, there's no storytelling, it's very simple.It's a waste of money. It's like a religious propaganda.
1,realize one's GPA part-time job
6,Volunteer enlistment to save people in war but not to raise a gun because of the belief that they don't believe in violence, it gets shot by their superiors and their colleagues are harmed In the end, he was in danger of going to the guardhouse, and with the help of his father, he went to the battlefield to save more than 60 people
5,There are many elements of Christianity. It's boring.
6,It is not religion that should be focused on, but his beliefs. more than a resolution
6,Slightly boring in the beginning, not personally happy with his beliefs. But nevertheless, a true story is a touching movie
1,As expected, in the order of the low, this movie is a mess^^
6,The technique is excellent, but Mel Gibson is so obvious as to be a conservative white supremacist, Jesus Paddol. The final sequence unfinished the entire movie.
1,No fun at all
1,I was fooled by the rating, but I gave it 1 point to lower the rating. a movie with a maximum of eight points
1,If it wasn't religious, I'd personally give you 6.0
2,First of all, don't watch Private Ryan or the War Movie with Band of Brothers! There is action, but there is no novelty. The overall storytelling and directing are also corny. The reversal from a coward to a hero is touching only the actors in the movie, but it is not touching to the audience.
3,In the end, he believes in himself
4,It was so cruel that I almost went out I used to like war movies, but I don't think I can watch it after watching this movie I'm getting scared. It's pretty touching in the second half
6,Compared to serious beliefs, movie expressions feel a gap.
6,It's a bit boring in the beginning, but after the war scene, I've been immersed in it
6,The main character is great, but the movie is not great
6,A very determined star! That's cool!
6,A hero with conviction! Transmission of the crew!
6,It feels like a JK movie.Mel Gibson, let's get a hold of yourself
5,Awkward acting, forced touching. After watching this movie, I realized how great it is to get Private Ryan.
1,The score is too high. It's a religious film that doesn't compare to saving the Band of Brothers and Private Ryan
2,The bombing scene of the movie battle that I expected but didn't meet my expectations was real
1,Demon = War Peace = American Goodness, Justice, Angel of American Goodness, led by the U.S. and behind it, Trump takes a bundle, but nothing is free, squeezing the poor man's blood oil
1,A film that shows the petulant dog's obsession.That is not a conviction, it is a house of false faith, it is self-righteousness and obstinacy.It is pitiful to see brainwashed dogs glorifying this.I hope for salvation by reciting God that does not even exist.There is no answer to dog poison. a maverick glorified film
4,A movie that wasn't fun because I couldn't relate to it.Everyone in the war is a hero.I can't really relate to why this one person has been heroized, and if everyone was a medic, does America exist today?I can't sympathize with the egoist, the combat god is worth watching
6,A plain war movie later there's a calm touch
4,a subtle preaching of former Jesus Mel Gibson
3,Garfield... an actor with no attractive force
1,I wonder what kind of religious belief wrapper he used this time, so please stop reading
6,It's boring and not good. Every scene is a little boring, leaving the content.
5,The story never gets boring, but 139 minutes of running time is exhausting
1,1 point for evaluating without even looking
