로망
4,The two actors perform well, but their characters are not immersed in the boundaries between compassion and irritation. Some scenes about elderly people with dementia have many creepy moments to laugh at or cry at.
5,
6,The cinematic technique is unfortunate, but as expected, veteran acting fills it. I couldn't stop crying because I thought of many people at "I have something to say." It was absolutely not a farce.
6,I wanted the movie "I Love You," but it's too much of a new drama and the story is too obvious! As expected, it seems that the director is important, not the actor.
1,agricultural herdsmen's ability in dense urology
1,uiykoytuder tyews
5,I don't think it's a country for the elderly
5,Dementia... If you experience it, your family will be ruined. It's real, it's over the top. Acting is a bit awkward, but I think I've handled a lot of topics
6,It's a masterpiece when it comes to acting that makes me cry
6,The sad reality is that it can't be helped to feel sad
6,It would have been more memorable if the ending of the movie was shocking
1,There are 75,000 people watching
6,My mom said she watched it well and cried "Grandma." ㅠㅠ
3,There are no constraints on romance.
6,It's that kind of movie.Still, tears
6,Simultaneous dementia is refreshing, but it's a shame that it's a shame
1,Hate genres of Korean movies: melodrama, romance, pornography, political incitement, forced emotion
1,What are you doing?
3,I feel like I'm going to die living alone and I feel the need for active euthanasia.
1,I like this kind of movie, so I watched it, but I was very disappointed. The story is unlikely, and it feels like a third-rate movie trying to squeeze out tears. I've been frustrated and frustrated all the whole time I've been watching, I've been frustrated and frustrated
1,.... Romang is literally a great movie. It was a little boring.
6,It's really sad. Tears...Dropping
6,I was juicing and came here... Just being an old man is like a tragic life without family understanding and love.  The movie has a strong sense of fiction, but the acting was very good.The rest is cow and juice
4,The distributor is small, so the movie is weak ㅠㅠ I wanted to see it.
6,It's sad because it's the future. It would have been better if it was a more hopeful message.
1,Space-based Lake Nuinu Unity
6,It's just a calm and mournfully quiet movie like a documentary.What is your dream?
6,I've been on bad terms with my husband lately, so I forced him to... Thank you for that much
6,A movie that makes you cry from the start... People's families say it's our story, but it's something of a cult, something of a modern day... For some... It's like my old man
4,There is no need to direct the neo-faith.
2,Good material, bad scenario.Lee Soonjae and Jung Youngsook's acting skills will be supported
6,There's a lack of storytelling that's more organized. It's like a drama that's been blinding lately
3,The last 10 minutes of 2019 are hopeful.
1,I understand how you feel, but the investor is a business, so please stop doing this kind of course
6,The movie was sad, but I couldn't get rid of the idea that it was this much with good actors and materials.
2,It's too obvious...
2,The level of script writing is like a college club... A movie that escaped B thanks to two main characters
6,A movie that was enough to lead the play with the acting of two leading actors. However, the director's skills were quite lacking compared to the two actors... I don't want to recommend it to people who don't like Shintoism
1,No, no, no, no, no
1,The movie's favorite group is a woman in her 20s.
5,The performance of Lee Soon-jae and Jung Young-sook, who suddenly change as if they were possessed by a mask containing emotions, is very surprising.However, the story that will go well with the weekend drama of KBS and the poor production are heavy burdens on the shoulders of the two actors...
6,A must-see movie for Moon Dementia
