빌리 엘리어트
6,Why is the rating so high?
6,Is it the father-son battle or the father-son battle?
3,It's not good because there are a lot of racy things coming out.The story quality is good, but it's not very funny.
1,I didn't find this funny
2,I need to adjust the rating. Let's go up to 8.5
1,What makes Billy feel selfish is that I'm living in such a barren society?
1,Country. Country. Country.High. Home. Country.home
1,A move that shows the light of a boring young child
5,A movie that's fun without gay people
1,a strangely overrated movie
6,Honestly, I was just like that, but in the last flying scene, I was thrilled...
1,I heard it's a masterpiece, so the theme is a bit unique. I expected a deep story, but it's not fun And if you're disgusted with gay people, gay people are definitely bad, and the dirtiest thing in the world is homosexuality, but it doesn't seem like a masterpiece to come out in a movie without a hitch
1,It was boring and boring.
1,Good content but less immersive
1,It's really boring and boring, and it's not touching. Barely saw it as a skip-skip feat in such a common story and development.
2,Disappointing movie, so-so movie, maybe because I expected the rating
5,Scottish sentiments seem to be very different from ours.   It is a movie about a boy's life who goes beyond his disadvantaged family and professional prejudice to his dream.
6,Who can easily water the sprouts blooming in a coal mine? I can understand my father's heart 100%
5,That's not funny.The chorus is much better.
1,It's too high
3,I can't watch it because it's not fun, are the English really a bean powder family?I'm going to feed my parents.The parents are being flirted with by their children
1,Is this a grown-up movie or an overseas R? What the hell is gaver doing?
6,I was tricked by a rating. Why isn't the screen changing?
6,It's boring. I think the movie is good
3,I don't understand why the ratings are so high. The movie's obvious story...
4,I was bored to death. This is why we don't believe in ratings. But at the end, I was a bit emotional
1,bkd543 Have you seen such a crazy person?I'm bored and time is a waste, too; should you be funny?
1,The rating is too high! I was bored, but I think you gave me a high score when you saw me do ballet in tights
1,What's so funny about this? The ratings...LOL
6,I expected something great for the ending, but I didn't have enough ballet scenes
1,It's boring
6,The power of editing! It's better not to look at the b-cuts
1,Sorry
5,He couldn't show the result of his efforts and ended it in a sloppy way
1,Maybe it's because I watched it five times. I'm so touched
3,I didn't like it. I don't think the main character's emotions were expressed well
1,Sungho, your homeroom teacher is not good at English
5,I wasn't happy at all after watching this movie
5,Why is it so unnatural? It feels like the story is breaking up from time to time.
1,be dull and unimpressed
1,A movie that I didn't know where to feel touched
6,Why am I not so impressed?
6,It would have been nice if I saw it in 2001. It's kind of a cliche right now.
6,I don't know why I can't forget the last scene
6,Some memories of a growing boy.
1,Big boy? Oh, my shoulder! Seon-of-a-bichu, come on, let's go
6,--; It's boring
5,It's corny and so predictable that I'm not impressed. The ballet teacher's acting is so good.
4,It's trash.
1,It's really not fun. Boredom is a waste of time
2,Ah, I used the meaning of this movie well, but it's a little sloppy and I don't want to recommend it
3,The movie itself was too sloppy. I made a mistake in the content.
1,Let's be shy
1,I dozed off when I lowered the rating
1,It wasn't fun at the opening. I was wondering how much they would be criticized after watching it
5,It wasn't fun at all
1,I'm a little touched, but... It lacks suction power and story composition, and it's boring
1,It's really not fun. They say I don't turn it off more than movies. I hold it in until 30
1,I don't like it because it's really boring at first
1,What is this touching?
6,Whoops
5,It's not a bad movie, but I think the movie should not be boring to play its role...
1,It's not fun...
6,If I needed a little more passion for the movie that I shouldn't have expected a lot,
5,It's just a normal drama. a rating created by the Korean people's damn sensitivity
1,It's boring.
1,Not good but boring
2,I was tricked again today...Sobbing
1,It wasn't fun for me
6,I don't know if it's as great as reputation.It was impressive when I was preparing to leave town.Elliot's crazy dance is cute, too
6,Scenes from the middle... It's like...
6,No... - Honestly, I think it's about average
1,It's not such a high rating. I'm trapped.
1,It's nothing...
1,....... It's not funny
5,Only the last scene was cool, and overall boring
5,Am I tired of war action movies?-_- I don't feel anything.
6,I looked at the ratings and it was boring;;
6,I'm a bit disappointed a moving piece of work
6,A movie that reminds us that children's creativity is more important than gifted education!
4,It's not as good than I expected.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,Is it a movie that doesn't meet my expectations?
5,It's a lot more disappointing than I thought
6,A movie that falls short of expectations. I think I should go from the beginning of 8 to the end of 7
1,ㅈㄷㄷ
1,This is worth watching.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,--disappointed
1,I guess I don't know how to watch a movie
1,I don't sleep well
1,It was boring
1,The worst movie in my life
2,No story. 2 hours lost in my life. Wash your feet and go to sleep
3,It's boring and common, but it doesn't stand out.
5,The evaluation is good, but personally, it's boring and touching
6,I watched and turned it off. It's boring to be touched or anything.
6,A common growth story movie. I was bored, maybe because I was in a bad condition.
4,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high
1,With the support of his family, the boy achieved his dream and grew up on the stage
1,I only yawned after looking at the rating.
2,I'm very bored. I wanted to see his success to the end
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's boring and not funny at all.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,Instead of throwing away the breathing techniques that action should have, Technique is the movie that you chose
1,Instead of throwing away the breathing techniques that action should have, Technique is the movie that you chose
6,I fell asleep while watching it.crying
4,Billy's got a weird personality
2,It's not a good thing to get this rating
1,It wasn't fun for me
5,It's too bad.
6,It was worth watching. The ending was great.
1,I like everything about moving and lessonsBut it's so boring
6,I looked at the ratings, but it didn't suit me and the last one was okay.
3,8 points is just right. Is this a world-class masterpiece?
5,They say the story is touching. It's a little racy.-ㅡ
1,I'm from the rating committee The rating is too high!
1,It's so touching and beautiful. I admit it's...First place is...
1,It's Shawshank Pa. I'll lower the score.
1,He's so rude to an adult.Boring is the best DVD. Why did I buy it? My money!
1,I was bored.
6,It's fun.
1,This kind of movie is common in Korea.
6,It's kind of boring. Only Jamie Bell is cute
3,I don't really...
2,I didn't like it.
5,Honestly, I have a sense of theme, but... a movie that doesn't get that immersed in it
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
1,A rating of 9.25 is 100 times more fun for Horowitz
5,It's touching, but... The suction power and story composition are...
1,Don't be fooled. It's obvious.
6,I can't relate to the story
5,It's a little different from my emotions
6,Well, from an adult's point of view, it's just not good.
6,I don't know why I didn't think it was funny.
1,It's touching. The story is not good enough
1,It's me on the bottom. Nice to meet you
1,I'm working on the 4th Adore
1,Hmm... NAVER movie ranking... I thought it was reliable.believed
1,Get lost
1,As expected, a movie director or a forsythia
2,Why is the score so high?;;
1,Is this a movie? Go see the showshank first
1,It's just trash
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It's a good content, but it wasn't that fun. The rating is too high. I'll cut it
1,Billy fans, don't bathe in Titanic, Sam. That's 21st
1,It's so much fun. Titanic is more fun lol
5,The last one is annoying. The content is normal
1,The rating is too high.About 9.0 points?
1,The rating is too high.About 9.0 points?
1,The rating is too high. And I don't understand 12 year olds.
1,I don't like it.
1,a yawning movie
1,Boring.
3,I was fooled by the rating. But it's still touching.Three points
1,Honestly, it wasn't fun.I'm bored all the time
1,I was fooled by the rating...It's really boring
1,Honestly, it wasn't that fun
6,I was fooled by NAVER's rating~~
1,It was kind of like that in the beginning, but it's getting more and more touching. I'd love to.
5,I think he skipped it
1,a sleeping pill-like movie
6,6 to 6.5 points for my taste
1,not much
6,It's just... Other than exciting songs and dances,
1,not much
1,I guess I don't either.
1,As expected, I'm not a foreign movie type
2,Homosexuality...
1,I don't like gay kids.
1,I don't like England
1,It's not my cup of tea.
1,How touching!
5,I was disappointed because I had high expectations.
6,It's not boring, but it's a good movie to watch before going to bed
6,It's a boring.I'm two percent short, but...Acting is the best!a long lingering impression
1,I dozed off, too
1,I dozed off
6,..below expectations
1,It's trash
5,I watched it with expectations, but it's strange that I didn't get to experience a big impression like others.
1,I didn't watch it, but I didn't like the title
1,a ridiculous 'fun' movie
1,Feel dizzy.
6,I don't really know.
