라이언 일병 구하기
1,Honestly, I don't know. You did a good job directing Normandy. I understand the horrors of your past life, and the war is terrible and I understand, but since then, honestly, it's been like 88s
4,I watched it because it was famous, but it felt like a third-rate zombie movie to me.In the beginning, the commander who put the soldiers into that solid iron wall fortress and killed the dog should be stepped on. It's a poor piece with a lot of frustrating characters and no fun or emotion. I'd rather watch Band of Brothers, Pacific one more time than this one.
3,Upham is so frustrating. It's boring as a whole.
6,No... Can all the other sons die to save their youngest son? It's a bit ridiculous. The sniper role was cool. The lesson of this movie is that if there's a war, we have to kill cancer like Up-Hap
1,I hated that this movie was so uncomfortable that families with many sons, families with few sons, and parents who lost them would be equally torn apart, but only one person was given special treatment and put the weight of a person's life differently. The operational soldiers who went to save him also grumbled, but it was uncomfortable throughout the setting that more than one other person's life had already been sacrificed to save one person's life. After discovering Matt Damon, he keeps talking about "worth saving." Who decides the value? There's no such thing as a worthless life on the battlefield. Even if you live hard without forgetting the many sacrifices that made you feel confident, it is not like the life of the dead.  Living hard does not necessarily involve the sacrifice of many who died to save themselves on the battlefield.
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too muchThere were some boring parts in the middle.
2,Ryan's the only precious son?It's an angry movie
2,The movie that killed an incompetent captain and an incompetent soldier
1,Well, I like what the movie wants to express, but I couldn't express it well.T
1,Hannam fell in love with fantasy after seeing that and went to the army and went through a lot of hardships and blamed women, right? Korean soldier = bug
1,Because of the amhem...ㅗㅗㅗㅗ
6,Killing 10 people and saving one.
5,It was too long to watch. I was impressed by the firefighter watching my colleague die.
1,A true memory of murder.
1,It's so cruel that it's a movie that makes you squeamish
1,Upham spy!
6,A much more ordinary war movie than a reputation
1,- Yeah. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
1,How to develop traffic software
1,Kimhae Air Force Space and Space Administration Yoon Dong-Yo
5,It seems like the name is bigger than the movie
4,9 points and a masterpiece. You have to watch it before you dieI thought it would be fun to have a reputation like this.Honestly, I think it's a bubble movie.  The battle scene is also "one of those common war movies." When I searched Tom Hanks, I was really dumbfounded.I feel better after 2 hours and 50 minutes
1,It's not Lee Jung Don. It's about 8 points
1,It's worth watching a movie that's been messed up, but it always ends up in the U.S
6,Upham development cancer should die
6,Many are sacrificed to save one
1,It's Upham's fault. Well, Upham was a German spy.
1,It's just obvious war movies. Anyway, the 7.80 year olds are funny, so you have to skip it
1,I can't watch it because it's so cruel
4,Except for the initial battle scene
1,It's too boring to look at right now. I'm disappointed for my reputation
1,Now that I've seen it, I don't know what's different from other war movies. be not much of a person
6,Think about and accept death in the movie one more time. I think I need to think ^^
6,It was worth watching--
1,I don't like it. yes
1,When I saw the war god, I thought it was a masterpiece.  A little bit of American heroism. If you know the reality of World War II, you can't wash this movie.
6,The Battle of Omaha Beach was worth watching, and after that, it was boring and the battle was not a true story, so it was not fun because it was like a movie.
6,Tom Hanks comes out of his element. have a dual personality commit one's men to death But do you deserve to be sad?
6,Directed by world-renowned master Steven Spielberg and on a great scale.Starring actor Tom Hanks.Tom Sizesmore, the supporting actor.Matt Damon, a former youth star. But a movie that's 17 years old.If I had watched it in 1998, I would have given 100 stars, but the times are inevitable.
6,an American-scented film that illustrates the horrors of war
1,It's a movie that's hit by the American pop!  I watched it again in my memory of having fun watching it. It's completely dull and boring
1,It was a movie that was not as interesting as John 1 so far. The Korean flag is more interesting
5,Never seen a better war movie?! Watch "Band of Brothers"... It's a true story, but it's much bigger and funnier than saving Private Ryan. shivering
1,I'd rather watch a World War II documentary than watch this
1,Boring and not very funny. I realized again that someone else is a masterpiece and that it's not a masterpiece for me too
6,I don't know if this is a masterpiece
1,This is not a point. I want to give 11 points.
1,I burst out laughing while watching it. angry and irritableIt's not funny.
6,Spielberg needs to study more about the inside of human beings. It's not a movie to be highly praised
6,I think I made it well, but I don't know what the topic is
1,Probability and empathy for events and characters ZERO.This is just a Pax America promotional video.
1,You don't deserve to see me if I curse at Upham? I don't deserve to tell you that I've seen a madman pretending to be a saint like you! You should've said that you're frustrated. What did you mean by that? What kind of nerd movie is this, you idiots?
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,Upham OO, S.B
5,It's just detailed
5,It is one of my father's best three favorite movies
1,The battle scene doesn't mean much, and it doesn't make sense to look for the Ryan brothers while organizing the mail, and it's just an American sucker movie, and there's almost no Zola boredom
6,Too much of a war god, too unrealistic and unrealistic
5,an unimpressed war movie
5,If you look at Band of Brothers and watch this, you can see the lame and the unrealistic scenes that fit as much as you can to the real testament, and if it's a realistic war movie, you should have corrected the rather clumsy and the gibberish cuts The real war movie recommendation is Band of Brothers
2,I don't know why it's so boring even though it's a classic of war movies.
1,The highest rating movie I've ever seen. This movie is equivalent to Terminator, Shawshank Escape
5,a disappointing film Ryan came out in the second half and I'm not impressed at all.
3,The score is higher than I thought, so 3 points. Honestly, a movie with about 8 points. It's not like I'm watching it twice.
1,A movie with too much rating. Frankly, there are many better war movies than this
6,It's not a Jewish movie, but a German soldier in the battlefield, and it's a movie that's described in a narrow way
5,Saving Ryan Giggs
1,an overrated movie
1,I can't believe so many people died to save one. The dead crew must have parents.
5,At the end of the day, do you feel that the U.S. is great even if you see the U.S. flag?
5,I watched it more than five times, but it's fun to watch it again. I came here to peel Upham
6,Well, maybe because I personally don't like war movies, I don't think so.
1,It was okay until the middle, but it's hard to watch because it's boring. Isn't the rating too high?
5,Seeing this movie after seeing more masterpieces, it seems a little empty compared to the rating. I wasn't touched
4,The excitement and the fun of dying trying to save Ryan was bound to be expressed in vain
6,In the end, America's best? I feel uncomfortable because it's like wrapping
4,U.S. Army, a U.S. promotional film, appropriate.
1,It's boring for an hour
6,I just don't understand why this movie is a masterpiece. Is the story about praise for America?
1,Personally, it's a movie with 7 points, but the rating is too high.
6,Well, a series of boring war scenes.It's not that fun either. Just a little bit of emotion
6,For a war movie, I felt bored while watching it due to lack of action and tension
1,an absurd story in which a unit is exterminated to save one personElementary movies that focus on attractions
4,I don't like it
5,Well, I was bored because I don't like war movies, but the band of brothers was so much fun
2,I don't know what's funny. It's much better to fly the Korean flag
1,American supremacy
1,It's a pretty well-made movie, but I don't like the story
1,Is this a masterpiece?
1,I hate America because of Iraq
1,American supremacy
1,The national team is a million times more fun.
1,Saving the National Team
6,The action scene was worth watching, but it was worse than the silent hell.
6,Before I met Damon, I was bored, nervous, I could see the last half hour
6,I'm so bored
1,You know, that stupid Pax Americana.-_-
2,I've seen a lot of war movies. It's my first time watching it as hard as this movie. It makes me feel bad
3,An ironic situation in which you pray to God while killing your opponent
1,Considerable sacrifice, the consequence of sacrifice is not success, but well-off. Thank you only to the captain
1,A fantastic combination of a pathetic coward and an incompetent boss. The last miracle is far-fetched.
2,I'm so disappointed.I can't find a war scene that's boring and cool
6,It shows the brutality of the war in plain sight.
6,To be honest, I don't like this movie among war movies.
1,It's fun at first, but it's bland when you watch it two or three times
1,It's a little sad at the end, but I'm not impressed. It's not fun at all right. A 7-8 movie with nothing to watch except shooting.
6,It's not much, but...The spectacular images of the war-bound figures...
1,It's fun, but the average rating is too high.
6,The story was poor and boring.It's just a movie like that.
6,Personally, I liked the Korean flag flying more.All I can think of is an American war movie.
3,A normal war movie, except for a fancy battle scene. 3 points because it's too much
4,a sickening war film that covered the horrors of war with entertainment and American chauvinism
5,It was fun, but I couldn't see it well considering the truth hidden by the U.S.
6,It's more disappointing than I expected.
1,It's not funny
1,It's boring and hard to relate to, but the war scene is overwhelming. Other than that, the content is zero
4,.... It's fun, but why is there such a funny part? ;;
1,It's not funny
1,What's with the guys who say this isn't funny?
1,It's not fun at all
1,I was bored the whole time watching
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,not much
1,This is fun
1,Am I the only one who saw it wrong?
1,It didn't hit home much;;
1,It wasn't good for me compared to the rumor
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,a masterpiece of unremarkable director Spielberg
1,It is better to fly the Korean national flag. The rating is wrong.
5,I guess I'm weird because I fell asleep while watching.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
2,The obvious American hero-making movie, Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
5,There's nothing to watch in this movie. Phew...
6,If you start and watch it for 10 minutes, you've seen it all. Turn it off.
6,I was impressed by Captain Miller at the end, but overall...
1,Watch the Band of Brothers. This isn't even a movie.
4,There is no war, only the Stars and Stripes.
6,Baba, the U.S. is such a great country.lol
1,It's well made, but the rating is too high
6,It's just a simple trick.It's full of fun. The meaning isn'
6,Other than the war description... It wasn't good.
1,I really fell asleep while watching it.
1,It reminds me of Call of Duty.
2,Platoon and below are not considered war movies.
1,Private is saved by the sanitarians. Don't worry!
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,The movie is perfect, but the sad past is not objective and 1 point
1,This place is... In order for our Russian music to spread... Well
4,I was bored and fell asleep.
5,American heroism once again, taxation is just a movie...
5,a sophisticated and beautifully wrapped American conservative ideology
1,It would have been more fun if I was 18 years old
1,Aren't you overestimating me? I'd underestimate it. 5 points
2,The extreme dichotomous film that America is too good, Germany is evil
5,It was somewhat worth watching, especially the war scene, and the next one was not so good
3,I don't know what you're trying to say.Maybe you're trying to teach America
3,Why is this movie the main body of a war movie?
6,Around the American hero, it's very
1,It was good, but... it wasn't enough
5,A boring war movie.
1,I didn't like Ryan. It's too high
1,People who think this movie is the best don't understand.
1,For Jewish Spielberg, the American is God
1,Spielberg is always after the first... Eight points
2,If you watch the video...
4,The battle scene is cool, but the story isn't it?
5,I didn't like it either...There are so many different preferences...
5,It's a war movie, but it's a private dying...
6,I didn't feel much fun or moved.As expected, people have different tastes. -ㅅ-;;
1,The combat god is wonderful, but it's exaggerated and there's no subject to be told
1,--;; It is a disappointing work in many ways. I don't care about the feelings of an individual's feelings
1,-- There's not much to the movie I'm so disappointed
2,If you don't watch it at the theater, it's a really bad movie.I give 10 points to Mononokehime
1,I've been looking for my colleagues. " "I'm not going back." OO! OO! It's in vain
1,moving
1,That's not good...
1,America, a country of strange logic where one lives and some kills
1,The Korean flag is low
5,Everyone says it's fun, but why is it not fun for me ㅜ_ㅜ Only the first battle scene is good...
1,Great things to see, sentimental patriotism
1,Where are the winners and heroes in war?They're all victims. They'really
1,It's a movie that's really long and has only Ryan saved
5,The shell of the heroic air charade of the American people
5,Oh, the Great America!It shows how scary justification is.
1,The ending is so empty!
5,the most American movie
6,You just have to call in.I had to do the Vietnam War.
5,American Film for America by America
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,A movie worth keeping.
6,a movie that was uncomfortable because it was so American
2,a fairly Hollywood film
1,I don't like being honest
5,I don't like it... Is it just me?
5,In short, this movie is a show
2,Even at the beginning and the end of the Stars and Stripes, I have died countless times because of this disease.
5,The Korean flag is better
1,The best war movie is Taegukgi~~~~Lion go~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
1,Warnings of war remain are good, but America's best dogma
1,Arrogant heroism films that are solved by the U.S. alone, regardless of cinematic technology.
1,I
3,If you only showed us the war scene, it's not perfect, but in the end, it's disgusting
1,What's so cool about a limb amputation? Are you out of your mind?
5,Most war movies die when shot, but this movie was cool to be cut off...
1,The Pentagon's promotional film... Disgusting.
1,100 points for the real war scene + The movie is about trash
5,No matter how many times I watch it, I feel like it's a really good movie!  It's a movie I want to keep.
1,100 points for the real war scene + The movie is about trash
5,No matter how many times I watch it, I feel like it's a really good movie!  It's a movie I want to keep.
