쇼생크 탈출
10,The words of the man in front of the parole board seemed like words in my heart, so I shed tears. It wasn't a point to cry at all, but tears poured out. Thank you for your acting, directing, and story. It was a masterpiece.
10,
10,
10,I was changing the channel...If I do, I watch...I think I've seen it 10 times
10,The best movie I've ever seen. There's no other movie that touched me more than this one ^^
10,
10,
10,This movie is the best movie ever
10,A life movie that gives you know-how of life movie
10,The movie of my life was really touching when I was in my 20s when the movie was first released, and the masterpiece that I'm watching now when I'm in my 50s, "Show Shank Escape," is really touching ~ The running time of 2 hours and 20 minutes is the movie of my life that went by while I was immersed in the movie. If you're in your 60s, if you're in your 70s, you're going to have another impression ^^ (Thank you, Tim Robbins & Morgan Freeman)
10,It's a masterpiece... Why did I watch it now... ㅠㅠ Applause at the end.
10,The chair that compares the pasta and sonata of the movie The pencil and freedom that live for it is the best
10,It was literally the best movie of my life…
10,Crazy funny movie!
10,Best movie in your fingers!
10,삶이 힘들고 지칠때마다 무한한 용기를 주는 영화: get busy living or get busy dying!        아뇨, 감사합니다. 술을 끊었다.       6년밖에 안 걸렸어요. 이제 나는 일주일에 한 통 대신 두 통의 편지를 쓸 거야.       음악이란:그리고 가장 짧은 순간 동안, 쇼생크의 모든 사람들은 자유를 느꼈습니다.        내가 너를 감시하고 체스판을 준비해 놓을게.      오 갓 있잖아 니가 맞았어 구원은 그 안에 있었다.   개봉이래 지난 27년 동안 200번도 넘게 보았지만 볼때마다 감동 받는 인생 영화이네요.
10,I met this work too late, but I enjoyed it throughout Masterpieces never get old
8,For revenge
10,As soon as I saw it, I decided it was my life movie.When Hope Is Lost, This Movie Gets Power
10,It ignites a spark of hope that can only be extinguished.an extraordinary masterpiece
10,What more do I need to say... We give you the highest rating for the best movie.
10,Thanks to OTT service, we can watch this movie again anytime. It's 10 out of 10
10,It's a masterpiece Haha
10,
10,It's a masterpiece that you should show your son when he grows up
9,
10,It's the best movie of my life that I can only give this movie 10 points
10,a moving epic film
10,
10,Really, really, really, really, really, really, really, really...
10,I will see you again later after more time.It's a masterpiece that's a waste to watch once.
10,Even though it's not a light story, it's not stimulating and flows like water, so it's good to watch without any burden. I don't like healing emotions, so I only watched stimulating movies, so this movie was just right for me
10,Best....no words needed
10,a movie worthy of being called a masterpiece
10,
10,the best film to be impeccable
10,What would I say? Everything is good, good, good
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't miss even during the running time of more than 2 hours.Hope is a good thing. The best of things.no good thing ever dies....
10,Now I've seen it. It's worth it.
10,A masterpiece that comes to mind once in a while
9,I marvel at DuPrain's tenacity and brain! the prison officers Do you think the walls are made of foam?
10,The movie was so beautiful with Mozart's music playing in the theater. In the future, Shoshank, named after the Egyptian dynasty, is a prison without freedom, and the story of hope from darkness to the land of light.
10,It's my fifth time seeing you today.After watching it, I feel comfortable
10,
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it … Make sure you watch it Don't worry...
10,There is no future for a man who is complacent with the fear of change. Moving people is hope after all.It's a movie where you can learn the lessons of life.
10,It is a work that resonated greatly with only the big narratives of the characters without touching content.There is a perfect story in this echo, but I dare to write that the actors' great acting skills also play a part. It is a work that feels even invisible culture.
10,
10,An incredible feast of emotion!
10,I watched it for the first time after eating 30. It was a really good movie
10,Wow, I can't believe I'm watching this now.
10,Life movie ㅠㅠ The lines are so good and the acting story seems to be a perfect masterpiece ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I want to escape from ShawshankHow many times do I have to watch this movie to get sick of it?
10,
10,At 12, I couldn't take my eyes off this late-night Saturday masterpiece as soon as I was scrolling down.After that, I decided to become a movie director. Although I became a 38-year-old broadcast PD, it is still the best movie. I want hope
10,A masterpiece comes with a different feeling every time I see it. And the moment is new every day.
10,What does hope give man?
10,The best movie ever. No further explanation.
10,This is directing, this is a movie.
10,Red, who calmly recites the beginning of the book, and DuPresne, who allows us to read out hope. And after reading all the narratives, I think we.
10,If you didn't watch this, you'll lose half of your life.
10,There is no need for words. the best movie of one's life
10,I can feel the deep emotion no matter how many times I see it
10,
10,It's hope that makes people live
10,I remembered the old days and watched it again. It's just the best.
9,Thank you. Thank you
10,What a great movie! I can't believe I just saw a masterpiece now! The best! The best!
10,When will it be re-released?
10,It was good when I saw it when I was young, but after I turned 30, I suddenly remembered it, and it was a masterpiece that made me have a lot of depth and thoughts.
10,Even if I don't like this kind of movie, I enjoy it a lot
10,
10,
10,희망을 품다
10,Wow, this is...  Really... Wow
10,The emotion of childhood is different from that of 20 years later.
10,Wow, the movie that was not popular in the beginning is definitely a success
10,The joy of knowing the best movie twist is really... indescribable
10,The sea was as green as ever
10,Recommend a movie that's worth watching at least once
10,Best movie of my life in 2022
10,
10,I am 13 years old this year, but I cannot write with my Naver account, so I use my parents' phone.It's the best! It's so much fun!Hope is good thing.Hope is a good thing
10,The movie before I was born.I watched it with my mom on the holidays, but I lost track of time. It's a masterpiece that makes me think about life again
10,If you haven't seen this movie, don't say that you've seen a lot of movies. It's a movie
10,
8,Living in Shawshank, each one of us has a way out.
10,Why did I watch such a masterpiece so late?
10,The Bible of my life... Life is like Andy
10,Please take care of my favorite movie OCN's Lunar New Year holiday. Please don't turn on the guy inside of me too much
10,I really enjoyed itI strongly recommend it. ^^
10,It's a masterpiece ㅠㅠ If you haven't seen it, please watch it!I strongly recommend...
10,
10,I feel a lot of things after watching me well
10,A film for people who think of criminals in the extreme
10,This is amazing. Please watch it
10,a film that you can't take your eyes off from beginning to end
10,It's definitely my life's work of 21 years.
10,an impeccable masterpiece
10,The best movie in the history of IMDB
10,Best movie with both emotion and fun
10,We were all living in Shawshank.
10,Impression lasts forever.Forever is a touch
10,After 27 years, I still remember fresh and good movie like yesterday, I don't remember where I saw it, but I definitely saw it in the theater.It remains my favorite movie so far.Even these days, I sometimes broadcast on the movie channel.
1,Since I didn't know what it was and didn't watch it, I'll get 1 point
10,
10,When I was young, I didn't watch the movie channel from beginning to end. I just watched the main scenes from beginning to end. After I turned 30, I watched it from beginning to end. It's a masterpiece
10,It's so touching... Over 2 hours, it's not boring at all. It's so much fun.
10,a work that gently touches the heart from beginning to end
10,Hope is good and good doesn't go away.
10,When I watch a movie, I don't think deeply and watch it, but this movie contains a lot of things and the suction power is also great.
10,Hope was a good thing
10,The best movie of my life, story, color, and directing are all perfectThe reunion scene makes me cry no matter how many times I watch it
9,It's a little disappointing that the fairytale ending of makeup and punishment of good will not fit your age, but if there is a classic prison movie, I think this movie would be this movie.
8,Hope is everywhere
10,What a relief that hope remained in Pandora's box.
10,an indelible film
9,It's a rating given to people who don't know much about movies just for fun
10,I recommend a masterpiece!
10,There was no time to be boredHope is a good thing I need to hope and do it one by one Felt.
10,
10,
10,I have nothing to say. It's just a masterpiece...
10,
10,The greatest masterpiece in human history!
10,Best movie without words.There are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who's seen it once.The best movie I've ever seen in the 90's at such a young age, holding my breath.I am writing a review with the impression that I am still 40 years old since I first saw him as a national student.
10,
10,"Hope is a good thing, maybe the best thing." The best movie of my life, I feel overwhelmed every time I watch it more than 10 times. ^^
10,Of course, it's the best movie I've seen in my life
9,In a word, it's just a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece.
1,Can't act, can't act, can't be fun, bored, almost slept
10,I'm touched even now
10,Everything I wish for begins with a little hope
9,Freedom isn't just something you get.
10,The number one movie of my life is definitely this movie!
9,I didn't know I'd cry watching this ㅜㅜ. I'm a man who hasn't been married for nearly 50 years, but I'm crying because I feel like I'm seeing a sense of homogeneity as a man and my future not too far awayㅜㅜ
10,The movie that I think I'll watch the most in my life!
10,Tim Robbins takes over as Tom Hanks refuses to escape Shawshank because of Forest Gump's role, but Morgan Freeman cuts the weight
10,I don't need words from the best movie
10,I can't get enough of this movie and it's touching.  I think I've seen it 30 times so far
10,Last but not least, genius. Good
10,What else do I need to say? It's Shawshank's escape
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,Time and pressure flow differently from my mind. There are times and situations when you can't catch it even if you want to, and you can't escape even if you want to. But only hope is the realm of total freedom. A life of hope and reason is a reminder of the forgotten direction. Ciuatanejo, Andy's hope restored meaning to Red's life. At first, I couldn't understand Red, who was just tamed into the world in a cage. For prisoners, however, the bars represented beyond the physical reality of cold rusted bars, the limitations of the outside world, disconnected and rehabilitated prisoners, and more than familiarity with all of these things. In this way, a prison is defined as an invisible space that exists in all thoughts and prejudices that limit itself beyond a physical space composed of bars. In other words, I realized that I was also living in prison. It was no different from anxiety and wandering about future instability, faint existential meaning, self tamed by dark average and depression, and Red. If it's uncontrollable time and pressure from the world anyway, I want to live a life where I share and enjoy the hope inside me like Andy, and live a life where I die.
10,
10,
10,A movie about very human values. So when you want to give up being a human, you can watch a good movie.
10,You're really incredible.It's just great. How can you make a movie like this? Watch this and watch another movie? It's too harsh. It's on a completely different level.
10,As expected, a masterpiece is amazing
10,It was so much fun.
10,It's really beautiful. The last one
10,Legend of legend. If you don't watch it, it's a huge loss in your life
10,It wasn't until very late that I saw this movie on Netflix on Christmas Eve.Why is the rating so high? I thought it might be a forced moving story of escape from prison, with arms folded and expectations lowered.If you think about it, there were cruel, terrible, realistic stories.I felt like I was living a bold and wonderful life for two hours as I immersed myself in the main character's emotions and actions.The storyline was great, and I could feel for a moment about the value of existence and freedom of a person. That's why people say it's their favorite movie.
10,The best movie of my life. Brooks is more memorable.
10,A movie that you can watch until the end. I don't care how many times I see you.
10,The movie is centered on the lessons for more than two hours.
10,The movie was so fun that it felt short.
10,The greatest masterpiece of the 20th century - masterpiece
10,It was perfect from the beginning to the end
10,The main message was so good and I liked the combination of the lines
10,It lingers a lot.I want to see you again.
10,Youngho who doesn't get tired of watching it 10 times
10,Every single one of Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins is art.
10,I'll see you again after drinking today. As I get older, I really want to see this kind of movie.Even if the screen is not 4K, the impression doesn't stay on the screen...
10,Watching this movie comforts my tired heart, makes me feel good again, and makes my heart soft.
10,Endy Duprein. With Red's narration, the movie begins the infamous Shawshank prison routine. The unjust prisoner Andy, the corrupt prison world, ironically, is all innocent here. In the end, Andy, who lived in good faith without sin, helps the chief of the prison laundering money, and Red is sentenced to excessive punishment for stealing food because he is hungry, and finally lies. With hope... Lake Jiwatane. Did Endy and Red live well there? As Endy said, we should still leave hope until the end. hope is good thing… It was Shawshank's salvation.
10,It was the best.It's a movie with a deep impressionㅠ
10,Hope seems to make me greet you faster if I break away from the stereotypes that are drawn in my heart.
9,I've never escaped from prison, but it's a movie that makes me happy movie
10,Directing, acting, story, video, me OST
10,It's the best movie ever. moving
1,It was fun but it didn't come out again
10,I'm touched! It's the best movie of my life.
10,It is one of the best movies of my life.
10,I hope.A movie that tells you the right hope
10,The best movie of my life. It's a masterpiece
10,I don't know how many times I've seen youthe best five
10,
10,Watching it twice, it's a movie that touches my heart.The story and the acting were all good
10,It's the greatest work in the history of mankind. Every time I see it, I feel the same
10,It's the greatest work in the history of mankind. Every time I see it, I feel the same
10,It's the greatest work in the history of mankind. Every time I see it, I feel the same
10,It's the greatest work in the history of mankind. Every time I see it, I feel the same
10,It's really well made Everything is perfect. A chance to think deeply about freedom in life
10,Freedom, something I carelessly enjoy but I don't appreciate. the greatest hope of life
10,I can see why it's a masterpiece."Hope is a good thing"
10,So the best movie ever, standing at the crossroads of pessimism. Red's hope was dangerous, so I nodded fiercely, but by the end, I felt the hope of life that I had longed for. Yes, hope seems to kill and save people. Sometimes it's like a mirage and kills people, but ironically, the hopeless live the life of a prisoner who is trapped in a cage, a bird in a prison. Lifetime.
10,It's my favorite movie. It's a luxury movie.It's an old work, can you make it this well?I strongly recommend it. I want to see it again when I have a chance.
10,It's just a masterpiece no matter how many times I look at it'
10,It's the best movie with both touching and fun.
10,
10,I got goose bumps in the part where I talked about the best film edification and the scene where I enjoyed freedom in the rain
10,My Jiwatane must decide what is because aimless hope will be pain
10,The messages sent by the supporting actors were good, and the movie showed human friendship and warmth. It was two hours when the worries of reality felt small.
10,A useful line. Funny.
10,The production, acting, and story were solid. It wasn't obvious and a long time wasn't boring. I really enjoyed it
10,
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,I have seen it many times, but I am moved every time I see it.The best movie of my life.If there are people who haven't watched it yet, please watch it.
10,My favorite movie. And
10,나는 희망을 가졌으면 좋겠다.
10,
10,I can't believe I just saw this.
10,The movie of my life that I must watch before I die...
10,The best movie. The best movie of my life.
10,A movie that showed hope for me living in a mental prison
10,It's really... I'm going to review my life score, and it's my life's Shawshank Escape. If you watch it later, you'll regret it
10,It's really... I'm going to review my life score, and it's my life's Shawshank Escape. If you watch it later, you'll regret it
10,
10,It was the most interesting movie I've ever seen
10,It was a masterpiece that I saw again after a long time.
10,The Importance of the Big Picture
10,a masterpiece beyond descriptionMake sure to watch it.
10,The best movie, the best chess, the best
10,I should have bought an apple at this time
10,A movie that I watched in a theater attracted by a friend when I had no reviews or word of mouth and could only get information from a movie magazine. I thought it was a B-class emotional action movie, but five minutes after the screening, I was in the middle of Shawshank Prison.In Figaro's wedding song, he shed tears, and when DuPrain escaped, lifted his hands in the air naked and in the rain, he felt like flying away. The last time I met Red on the island of Mexico...I felt the happiness of all the senses I could feel and the lights were on but I couldn't get up. I felt that this movie would be a big echo of my life for a while, and it is the number one favorite movie so far in 2021. a film bible
10,There is no movie like this. It's so nice to watch it again
10,It's definitely the best. I hope you watch it
10,a masterpiece that is now a classic A movie that everyone should watch at least once
10,The second half, when Red was approved for parole and met Andy in Buxton at the last Giwatanejo, I could not help but cry.I'm rooting for your new life.
10,Movie of my life... Movie that's good to watch many times...
10,
8,A representative work of two actors who proved that they can succeed without being handsome, with an unobvious development and mature actor and director
10,a film showing the dignity of a masterpiece The sense of hope was not unique to Gatsby.
10,The best movie of my life!!!!
10,You don't need to say it. It's just a legend
10,
10,It's definitely the first movie I've ever seen
10,Major General Ward Norton: Christian example of South Korea
10,
10,Is it possible to express the value of a movie or the desire of a human being in a movie more than this??! The best movie of my life!
10,
10,If you don't need words, it's a masterpiece
7,the worst title
10,
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it.
10,A movie that showed what a well-made movie is!
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,One word will do. The Shawshank Escape is a legend.
10,
10,
10,It's one of the must-see movies
10,Why did I see this now after 33 years of living?
10,It's a bit boring in the middle, but it's a great masterpiece
10,This is my life movie.I watch it once in a while
10,What words do we need?
10,It makes me reflect on life. Humans should not give up hope until they die, and that becomes the will of life. the importance of freedom Patience and perseverance. Andy makes sense to be rewarded for lost time and it is the brain that rules humans.
10,I love it! I love it!
10,I don't think this kind of trick will come out again
10,좋아!! 아주 좋아!! 따뜻한 영화
10,I've lived without envy... I'm jealous of only one thing. Who hasn't seen this movie?
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,
10,I hope to watch this movie with important people in my life.
9,It is not a one-size-fits-all healing film. It's a masterpiece that touches the heart.
10,Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman's Greatest Performance and the Power of Shining Adapters
9,
10,It's just the best-o's movie. I've watched it dozens of times and it's touching
10,If I had a dream of hope, I would be able to find another expectation and happiness in the reality that I got used to
10,
10,I want everyone to watch this movie The message from the movie is enormous
10,This is a ten-point movie...
10,It's a masterpiece Really
10,I found the best movie of my lifeAfter hearing that it was a good movie, I put it off for a few years and watched it through a small opportunity, and it's a movie that makes me lovely
10,The more I see it, the more it feels different
10,The title of the movie is Shawshank Escape in Korea, but the word hope is included in the title of another country. It's a movie that shows why. I think my life will change a lot at this moment. Let's not lose hope and live hard! It's really the best song!
10,I watched it so many times that I didn't know how many times I watched it. But what's interesting is that it's new every time I see it.
10,And moving film you from the middle end to the best, from the start to finish ... watching movies, just cool.
10,It's not just a subject, it's a story of freedom and hope. It's really nice
10,Just close it and watch. This, that, that, and even evaluate it
10,A masterpiece! Hope is a good thing!
10,I can't forget the scene where the two main characters are reunited at the end and the scene where they drink beer leisurely on the rooftop. What's the point of saying it? The best movie ever!
10,It's new and fun no matter how many times I watch it I was born in 1995, and it's a movie that came out this year
10,I think I watched it like 30 or 40 times It's still a masterpiece
10,
10,It's a masterpiece! It's touching even if you look at it again
10,
10,
10,A movie that you have to die watching.
10,It's a masterpiece that imprints lingering emotions on the side of your heart, not getting tired of seeing it 100 times and 1000 times^^
10,a precious hymn-like film dedicated to life
10,The 1995 movie that I saw in 2021 is so good that I can't stop falling in love with my eyes from beginning to end
10,After 20 years of patience, the sweet rain film is a masterpiece that unleashes a beautiful but cruel two-letter hope better than any other film.
10,
10,I've seen a lot of movies, but I can always pick the best.
10,I definitely felt that masterpieces were not just popular for no reason. It was so nice to be more immersed in the play with gradation and to be touched in a corner of my heart. I thought it was amazing that he was calm about hope and detailed through various bait and materials
10,
10,It's one of the best movies for me that I've watched once a week, smiling and sobbing.My fantastic hobby of watching movies started with this movie, and I also achieved many things by keeping the attitude of the main character who never loses hope.
10,It's my life movie. I strongly recommend it
9,It's the best. It's the best movie of all time
10,There are many masterpieces, but only one peak
10,The best movie of my life
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,ㄱG, ㄱG, ㄱG, you're the best
10,Make sure to watch a movie that doesn't need words
10,"The best movie of my life"
10,A masterpiece of the century that transcends masterpieces. That's why Shawshank Escape is called a legend.
10,I think it's just the best truth
10,
10,A movie that you want to make a total score of 10 points
10,There was nothing to miss from each scene. There was no time to be bored. Although I am still young, watching this movie at the age of 26 seems to be a blessing for the rest of my life.
10,What else do I need to say? A movie that I watch every year
10,There's only one thing to say.The best movie ever
10,There were many scenes that made me think deeply and touched me. It's a movie that I can say is my life movie.
9,It was a movie that left a lot of lingering emotions
10,Everything's perfect.It's a movie made by geniuses. It's a touching movie
10,
10,
10,It's hope that no one inside us can touch. Is hope dangerous? That's what a wild hope is. But if it's worth it, you have to give it a try. If there is no hope even outside the prison, life is no different than inside the prison. I have to escape from my heart that locks up hope.
10,
10,Even now, if you change the channel and watch it, you'll still see the best movie ever since then, it's still a masterpiece
10,If you haven't seen this movie yet, don't tell me you saw it somewhereI'm confident that it's the best movie of my life
10,
10,Two words are enough for a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words. It's the best.
10,The freedom that a free man feels is
10,The hope of these two men was bluish, like the Pacific Ocean.
9,There are many movies that talk about hope, but there are many times when it is embarrassing and embarrassing, and this movie makes me think that real hope can be good or exist
10,A movie like the textbook and indicator of my life
10,The best movie of my life
10,I love monologue in the movie of my life
10,I can feel the sense of truth because the movie was based on a true story.
10,자유는 자유롭지 않다.
10,
10,Do I need to say something? ^^
10,If anyone hasn't watched it yet, watch it now!!!!
10,What a beautiful movie...
10,걸작이 여기 있었어요.
10,One of my favorite movies...
10,It's a masterpiece. It's beautiful.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Freedom It shines more than anything and the essence of life that is not taken away from the nuggets
10,
10,The best movie that reminds us of good memories that we should not commit a crime and live with hope no matter how unfair and upset we are
10,I'm surprised to see such a masterpiece today, but I'm grateful to see it even before I die. The last impression was the feeling that I felt for the first time in a while as a movie. Shouldn't such a work be called a movie. In addition, Morgan Freeman's performance and the feeling were excellent.
10,My favorite movie
10,
10,The glamour of CG is also without dramatic twists, but once you start watching it, you will even see the ending.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's a movie that makes me realize the importance of freedom to me who has enjoyed freedom for granted.
10,I enjoyed watching it again
10,Why did you watch this movie now?
10,The best movie of my life. There is no need for words. Just watch it ^^ it's the best.
10,A legendary movie that will remain in your life.
10,Hope is a good thing.I found a new life movie.I hope a lot of people will watch itThe acting story and everything goes well together.
10,Even after all these years, the legend lasts forever. A perfect movie that's better to watch again!
10,I applaud the main character's perseverance and hard workThe word hope is cruel to some people, but to others it is thought to be the meaning of life itself
10,There's a reason for every masterpiece.I'm just pathetic that I've only just seen this now.If you haven't seen it, please watch it right now.
10,One of the most wanted movies I've ever seen.
10,I think it's a joy that only free people can feel. A free man on a long journey of hope. I hope the Pacific Ocean will be as blue as my dream.
9,The hope of a cute group that fits the title of Show Shank Redemption better
10,It's a trick that moves me again even after a certain number of times
10,There are few movies in the world that you can't get enough of.
8,The story is interesting.It's unrealistic, but the message is good that you didn't find the big hole
10,I'm so touched. It's the best movie of my life
10,
10,I'm always touched no matter how many times I see it. The best movie in my life!
10,I have seen the best masterpiece 9 times and I want to see this kind of movie even for 300,000 won
10,내 머릿속에 있는 최고의 영화 중 최고야.
10,"The Shawshank Escape" is already 27 years old.As it was then, the occasional Shawshank Escape, which is shown on the movie channel, has a magical power like martial arts that you can't let go of once you see it.I watched it at home on the afternoon of June 20, 2021, and the audience wants this kind of movie.
10,The movie that won the most votes for "My Life Movie"!--- The final process... There is no more beautiful ending yet.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it. I'm watching it again and it's fun.
10,a great movie in combination
10,
10,It's one of my favorite movies that I can't get enough of even after watching it dozens of times♡♡♡
10,My father's life movie
10,All Time Best Escape Movie
10,The movie that's competing for first and second place in my life
10,I didn't really like it, but I heard the title so many times that I started playing it. I didn't think much and at the end, I cried ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Hope is eternal life... I can see why it's a masterpiece and famouscrying
10,a wordless film A movie that no one has ever seen before
10,Wow, I finally saw this kind of work
10,It's a pity that I've seen it now
10,
10,
10,Man always lives on hope.
10,
10,This is what a movie is like
10,Best movie ever. Pityless king
10,Let's take a look at the double window of Mozart's letter.You will definitely want to go to Lake Jiwatane!
10,It's a must-see movie once in a lifetime.
10,It's been a while since I've seen "Show Shank Escape" I feel a new sensation. It's the best even if I look at it again.
10,
10,
10,The best movie~_^:-;♡
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. There's no need for words
10,Hope is a good thing. It might be the best thing.
10,The one and only film that can be said to be on top of the films called masterpieces of the century
10,It's a really valuable movie. My life movie.
10,Just the best. You can watch it's just the best
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's overwhelming.
10,It's my life in my 30s. I've seen this movie almost 100 times.Although all the elements of the movie, such as acting, plot, directing, and music, are satisfactory, I wonder how I can express it as a high praise.
10,I think I've watched it more than 30 times, but it's new, touching, teary, and nostalgic because I remember the first time I watched this movie.
10,It's an honor to be able to evaluate this movie.
10,Enduring always wins
10,
10,Just look. This is enough
10,It's just the best... No words needed
10,There is a movie that I watch whenever I do it on TV, and Shawshank Escape is one of them.
10,The movie industry is said to have stagnated in the Corona era, but it is still a textbook and jewel-like movie that makes us feel the most what values and lessons film brings in our lives and lives.
10,
10,It is the energy of life every time I see it after 3 generations.Let's see each other for five more generations
10,I'm sad. The reality is just SJ
10,The best movie of our time that will remain in our memory even after 100, 1000 years
10,It's the best. What grade do you choose?
10,There may be people who haven't seen this movie, but it's rare that they've seen it once and never seen it again.a masterpiece of the centuryNow that I'm older, I feel like I've glorified prison inmates a little bit
10,I can't help but give you 10 points. I'm sorry. It's a masterpiece!
10,
10,Since I watched it at the theater when I was in high school, it's my life's work that I watched more than 20 times It is a masterpiece of a masterpiece and it is a new and touching movie every time I watch it
10,I don't need an explanation.A film that makes freedom think all about hope
10,One of the top 3 masterpieces of my life.I still watch it until the end when it comes out on reruns.
10,I don't know what else to say.A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it ten times!
10,
10,걸작!
10,Muyaho Becomes a Touching Movie of Life
8,Without Morgan Freeman's narration,
10,Everything is perfect
10,There's no reason why you can't last 20 years for the freedom of a once-in-a-
10,
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It's just the best masterpiece of my life
10,One of the best movies of my life. Seeing is believing
10,For me, this is life and this is entertainment. Young people these days don't see this? Come on, young people!
10,It's a movie that doesn't have to explain everything
7,Hope is accompanied by frustration and joy. He who persevere will always take a breath of glorious joy.
10,I rarely use stars, but I thought I would have seen this movie because I was so used to it.He didn't watch it. I can't believe I've seen such a masterpiece now. I'm glad I've seen it now It's a movie that I was impressed by. :)
10,
10,The movie of my life movie. A work of art that makes the message of hope feel as a masterpiece.
10,
10,This is the greatest masterpiece in human history
10,Is there another great movie?
10,
10,I've watched it more than 10 times, but it's not boring.The dignity of the world's No. 1 movie.
10,JENO is also a shareholder
10,It's a life movie
10,
10,When I look back at my 210s, 20s, and 30s, I feel different. I wonder what kind of emotion I'll get when I'm in my 40s
10,a masterpiece without words I've watched it many times, but it makes me think a lot every time.
10,
10,Is this for real?LOL
10,The best movie...I don't think I'll get tired of it even if I watch it ten times
10,Good. It's really the best
10,
10,One of the most perfect movies.Masterpiece
8,Jihuatanejo of Intelligence and Hope
10,The movie still lingers afterwards.
10,The best movie...Until the end, I was caught in the lingering emotions and looked at the screen blankly.
10,It's a masterpiece even in 2021
10,
10,This work is not a masterpiece. Because it is not a famous painting known to many people. But this movie was the masterpiece of my life.
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece It's nice to see you after a long time.
10,This is 10 points without disagreement. Even now, I think it's a movie that was released yesterday.
10,The movie of my life. You have to watch it.
10,It reminds me of the movie I watch again
10,I hope this movie will be re-released in theaters Make sure to watch it. I envy those who haven't seen it
10,A movie that I always watch again on TV
10,Why did I watch a movie like this now? Too badIt's amazing that we can make this kind of movie in 1995
10,The best movie of my life. A film that makes you realize how much you crave for human freedom. It's too bad that such movies don't come out these days.
10,Even though I watched it several times, I watch it again when it airs at dawn.
10,I have no regrets about this movie even after watching it 100 times
10,
10,Hope is a good thing I can't believe I just saw this masterpiece
10,It's been 20 years and it's still a masterpiece. The best movie of my life!
10,It's the best movie in my 40s life.
10,A movie to recommend to my child
10,I can't express it in words.
10,The best movie of my life... I don't know how many times I watched it... With Tazza... No matter how many times I watch it, it's more fun whenever I watch it
10,I think it is the best movie in 100 years of movie history. The number one movie to watch before you die.
10,A really crazy movie, the textbook of life
10,Hope is a good thing Good things don't go away
10,I enjoyed watching it because my senior from school came out ^^ Tim Robinson is really cool
10,말을 못 하는
1,It's sad. It became a movie 27 years ago
10,The Best Movie Show Shank Escape
10,There is no movie like this one
10,Top 3 movies of my life.
10,It's a perfect storyIt's touching
10,If humans meet aliens for the first time in the distant future, this movie is the king of all movies in the world
9,"Show Shank Escape" is the number one movie of my life, following Clementine.
10,The last scene of legend's dignity is really touching
10,If you're asked about your favorite movie, five letters that come to your mind
10,I bet it's the best movie ever
10,The best movie that kept me busy
10,It's a two-hour movie, but if you don't miss a single thing and you're persistent, there's nothing you can't do
1,It is hard to understand why the main character was imprisoned innocent. Whether the main character is a murderer or not, every human being has a free will. Destroyed a powerful message to make a penny. That's too bad. Our protagonist suffered a lot in a shambles prison where he or she was held, but it was actually a conspiracy. It's a begging that makes you vomit's begging
10,After watching this movie, I lowered the stars one by one for another five-point movie
10,Other movies get -1 point each
10,I watched it because there were a lot of ratings, but it didn't seem fun at first, but I fell in love with it more and more. I think I know why you recommend it as a life movie!I've been having a hard time these days, but it gives me strength Let's not lose hope
10,The best movie of my life is the best
10,Hope... Hope... Let's hope.
10,A movie that instills the will to live
10,
10,"내가 가장 좋아하는 영화"
10,a book of moving novels
10,It feels like it's been more than 2 hours since the movie of my life
10,
10,I hope you can watch a movie that you don't want to watch
10,I hope you can watch a movie that you don't want to watch
10,
10,
10,Why don't we have the power of freedom and yet enjoy it enough. One might think about why I'm doing nothing and doing a computer in this freedom that someone wants so much.It was that kind of movie
10,Marriage of Figaro and the Pacific ㅠㅠ
10,It's not enough to express this movie with the words I know. By far the best in every way.
10,Wow, awesome. Goosebumps
9,
10,The nourishment of life itself
8,Scary tenacity and will for the goal!
10,I don't need another explanationI'm just reminded of the modifier "best.
10,
10,
10,
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this in 2020. I saw it because it had a great scoreVery satisfied
10,I heard the name of the movie "Show Shank Escape" and I was curious. It's so much fun This is ㅠㅠ a movie that makes me think a lot. The director is really crazy. I wasn't bored for a second It's a calm feeling, but I'm curious and cheering for you. It's so much fun
10,
10,an admiring film
10,A masterpiece that will never change
10,I feel like I can live today because I have hope inside me. The message this movie delivers, acting, directing, and ending is the best movie ever
10,
10,Duplane... Poor and cute
1,Why are you going crazy?
10,Short but impressive movie of my life!
10,
10,A movie that stopped after watching it ten times.
10,
10,
10,It's the best movie that doesn't disappear even if you watch it more than 10 times.
10,It's a masterpiece movie that I want to see again even though I've seen a book and a movie twice.
10,The movie I watched the most in my life
10,10 points for sure
10,It's my life movie. I've watched it countless times, but I can't get enough of it. It feels different every time I see it~~
10,
10,I can't remember how many times I watched it and when I started watching it, so I'm watching it again today...
10,This is a movie
10,Life is a prison Like Andy, I'll be free
10,ㅠㅠ Touching... I'm glad it's a happy ending
10,
10,It's fun even if you watch it dozens of times. Every single scene is the best
10,
10,It's the best movie in a long time
10,
10,It's really a new name...The last half hour, I'm not going to shut up.
10,In the ending scene, I love this movie, which always makes me cry with emotion.
10,I don't need words.
10,The best movie of my life, I swear.If you can feel the emotion and thrill of watching this movie again.
10,If you haven't seen it, you have a reason to live
10,
10,The best movie of my life. I was happy to see this kind of movie
10,I'm trying to hold hope in my heart again.Hope is a good thing.
10,This is the movie. Personally, I enjoyed it more than Forest Gump
10,This is what perfection is like.It makes you realize clearly what life lessons are and previously life movies were Forest Gump. The movie tells us the way we should go and the mindset we should have for this Shawshank Escape. It's the number one movie of my life
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now
10,A strange movie that makes me cry without a sad scene. It's no exaggeration to say that it's my life movie.If you're looking for your favorite movie, don't waste your time and watch this movie.
10,I can't help but think it's cool
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life.
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life.
10,
10,It's a movie that anyone can proudly say it's their life movie
10,The best movie of my life. The best movie ever
9,A masterpiece of a masterpiece. Hexagon movies with all the good elements
10,The deeper the movie goes, the deeper the thought changes.Brooks Words Here.Tommy Words Here.Sowards red.
10,
10,If anyone claims to have made a more complete film than this, he must be a crook
10,Hope will set me free.
10,
10,
10,A movie with countless quotes about "living busy or dying in haste." The actors' monologues seemed to have touched my heart. It was sad, warm and touching
10,If I had to pick the best movie of my life, I would pick this movie without a moment's hesitation.
10,It's a feeling I can't even describe. It was the best movie I've ever seen.
10,I think movies make you forget your boring daily life. From this point of view, it is a work that can feel the peak of the Shawshankle Escape movie. After watching this movie, the boring daily life feels precious, too.
10,The best movie of my life
10,
10,What do I need to say? Every masterpiece has its reasons.
10,Remembering scene 1. Grandpa and Red were released from prison, unable to lean on the awkward bus, and clutching the front seat with both hands. 2. When asked what his favorite phrase was, he knew he was planning to escape. 3. The poster said Eddie was lucky. 4.In fact, Eddie's big picture was to help his colleagues and executives in prison, but he played songs to his friends and was convinced that Eddie was a good man because he was disillusioned by Tommy's death. 5.Eddie's personality, who threw a handful of stones to the floor every day, didn't want to hide his family.
10,LOL What else do I need to say?
10,It's a masterpiece even if I look back at each line of my life's movie that doesn't need words
10,I was only tamed by commercial movies, but after watching this movie, I felt that it was a real movie.The only thing that's unfortunate is that the title interferes with watching movies. Why did you translate "redemption" in a low-level translation.  Just translating it directly and saying salvation goes much better with the movie's
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,I realized that hope is such a beautiful word after watching this movie. I hope Korean movies will develop like this.
10,The best movie of my life
10,The return to the best freedom that human beings seek!
10,A masterpiece to see in 100 years
10,I saw it 6 times. It's weird. It's not a provocative scene, a fast pace, or a madly beautiful mise-en-scene, but it always stops whenever I turn on the TV channel. It's immersive from the beginning to the middle.
10,
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,Everything is the best. No matter how many times I watch it again, it's the best movie.
10,It was on TV, so I turned it on briefly, but it ended The Best Story
10,
10,It's one of the best movies
10,The low narration was the climax, and the emotion doubled. Watch it. Watch it three times
10,I've watched it over 10 times and searched Allen Green more than 5 times
10,
10,It's one of my favorite moviesㅜㅜ
10,I was so impressed when I was in high school that I remember pasting posters. I saw him again with my middle school son. It's still the same even when I look at it again.
10,
10,
10,It's good to see it now
10,I chose this movie as my life movie after watching it, but I took it out of my life movie because it was hard to make it as my school project This movie is good enough to be the subject of school assignment
9,The word hope makes us die and live
10,Perfection
10,Review after watching this movie again.  I think the only reason this film didn't win the Academy Award is because it has lines criticizing politicians, corruption, corruption, and revelation and exhilaration of civil servants. I think it was because I was being self-conscious about the government. I admire this movie more than Forrest Gump. In a way, there is a contradiction. Forest Gump, who says that if you do what you're told to do, you'll succeed and live happily, even if you're stupid, and Shawshank Escape, where you're afraid of being tamed by familiarity, longing and hope for freedom.  It's strange that two films stood side by side on the Academy nomination list in 1994.
10,It's going to be 30 years ago, and I get goosebumps every time I watch itㅜㅜ Andy and Red's friendship freedom The last beach scene is a masterpiece no matter what
10,Japanese colonial eraIt occurred to me
10,
10,I think it's a movie that best expresses the joys and sorrows of people in a different way
10,More fun than Titanic and Forest Gump Especially the scene of painting the roof and drinking beer can't be so peaceful
10,It's just the best. The best
10,I think it was the best movie to watch comfortably in this busy and chaotic society
7,Many movies reflect on their lives. However, even if you watch all the movies, you can't remember the whole story, so it only leaves an impression. Red's heavy monologue seemed somehow empty and there was confidence behind Andy's faint smile. For me, that's the only impression this movie has left, and that's enough.
10,The overwhelming movie of my life. Every moment was the best
10,The best movie of my life...
10,As you watch it, you forget that the title is "Escape". That's how immersed I am
10,I can still feel the emotion even though I watched it for the third time after seeing my 48.20s and 30s.How can you write such a story?
10,I wish my GPA was 10!
10,Every time I watch it, it's as exciting as a movie I've never seen before! You're the best!
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece!
10,
10,I can't get enough of it. a masterpiece
10,Depending on how old you are watching this work, you can feel the feelings, emotions, and lessons anew. It's a great movie.
10,It's fun to watch my life movie again
10,At the end, I suddenly got goosebumps. I got goosebumps because I really liked it! It wasn't a formal way of saying that, but I was really happy at the moment when I got goosebumps. It must be a masterpiece!
10,There is no need for words. There are people who haven't seen this movie, but there's no one who has seen it once.
10,No words needed ^^ just the best!!
10,Detective Conan says, "Except for the impossible, no matter how incredible the rest may be, that's the truth!
10,
10,A film like the cultural heritage of mankind, a film that cannot be confined to the limits of ratings
10,
10,
10,It is my first time to watch a movie that lasts more than 2 hours.It was really fun.
10,I saw it because I wanted to escape to another department because I sent it to the department. I'm dreaming of escaping
10,
10,The best movie of my life. I'm so touched
10,Hope's name is Jihuataneho
10,As I get older, this is just life itself
10,I don't need to say anything else. Life movie
10,I realized why so many people's life movies have Shawshank Escape. Hope is a good thing, and it makes me think about what I should do to get closer to it.
10,It is a work of art that gives new enlightenment every time you see it.  A masterpiece is used at times like this.
10,Thanks to OCN in my 33 years of life, I watched 330 times ^^ I can't change the channel!
10,It's great. It's my favorite movie. It's a shame why there are so few movies that leave such a desperate impression and a big impression these days. I haven't seen so many movies in my life, but I dare say there are few masterpieces to catch up with Shawshank's Escape. I think director Frank Darabont has an excellent talent for touching and petting human hearts.
10,It's been a long time since I saw it, but the scene where the guard beat the main character is still exhilarating
10,I was dazed for a while after the movie
10,It was a good movie. It's a movie that adds vitality to your life
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things don't change
10,It's just a masterpiece. I watched it two years ago, but I suddenly wanted to watch it again, so I came back in. But don't watch it with the kids It's quite violent
10,I can't remember when it was 20 years ago, but I can't forget the memory of being touched by the movie I'm 37 years old now.  I've seen the movie more than 20 times, but I think it comforts and gives hope to the depressed heart due to COVID-19
10,
10,A movie where you learn a lot
10,I'm sure I'll watch it more than 100 times on TV before I die
10,If you haven't watched it yet, you should watch it right now
10,If I were Noah, I'd put the Shawshank Escape DVD on the ark right away
10,
10,The best moving, cinematic and anti-war films are divided before and after Shawshank's Escape.
10,In terms of directing, the same scene is repeated, so it's possible to predict that the lines will be changed at the end, but I'm getting goosebumps because I can't predict the content I think the parts where the scenes change and the lines that we exchange are great If you figure out what it means to focus on the screen, you'll get goosebumps from behind There's a lot to learn from the main character. It's one of my favorite movies I really recommend it
10,A masterpiece... I watched it with my husband. My husband was touched when he first saw him
10,There's no need for words JinJin is the best!
10,
10,
10,
10,
9,I don't know what to say. one of the best movies
10,This is a movie. Directing, acting, video, and storytelling
10,Very very touching movie. Why did I watch this movie now?It's not a waste of time. I hope it's re-released ㅠㅠ A movie that makes me rethink my life
10,
10,Best of the Best Impossible! Think of it as a 1994 film. Don't judge the prison material and anti-war films inspired by this work first.Freshness, solid story development, acting, touching, immersive, twist, humor all the best.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,The movie of my life. I think I've seen it a hundred times. A movie with my twenties.
10,It's the first movie that I left a comment on. I still can't believe this is from 1994.
10,A life of complacency, but a life of hope. Somewhere in the middle of that conflict... What is my life like? I guess you can get freedom when you don't give up hope. And I think about getting used to it. A long movie or a fun movie that isn't boring.
10,The movie where everything was good...A masterpiece... Best of best good movie
10,
10,
10,I really enjoyed it. It's a masterpiece.
10,I thought it would be boring or awkward because it was an old movie, but there was no such part. It was so nice
10,A movie that's always touching!
10,Even if I watch it dozens of times, it's one of the masterpieces...
10,
10,
10,
10,Being tamed... It makes me think a lot
10,
10,
10,It was a very meaningful movie. I finally saw this good movie
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words. My heart is burning
10,I can't get enough of it even if I watch it 10 times or 100 times.
10,The best movie of my life. a must-see movie
10,
10,A work that implies a lot about life.I don't need to say anything. It's the best movie of my life
10,This movie is a legend. You must watch this movie
10,The best movie ever!
10,
9,Isn't it worth living your life because you live with the hope of redemption of freedom?
9,It's a movie of my life that I can't get enough of. Hell Joseon's trash can't be made even after a thousand years.
10,I can't believe I just saw a movie like this. I'm so touched.
10,Hope is a good thing. Let's not forget that there is always hope in front of me, no matter how much hardship comes.
10,It's a perfect score
10,Whenever I want to quit my job, I watch this movie. And I dream of resignation and revenge. I watch this movie every year. It's an immortal masterpiece. I want to get revenge and escape from the company. The wicked must pay for their sins, and the unjust must not suffer. Justice is alive! Let's all live with hope. I was here.
10,It's my favorite movie.I'm sure other people feel the same way
10,I'm disappointed that I'm finally watching this movieNo, maybe it's a relief that you saw it now.The movie was touching and I'm willing to watch it again
10,It's so much fun. It's a must-see movie
10,If you look at it with a close friend, it is twice as touching. The most important thing in life is proof that I am alive. Wouldn't you be able to enjoy real freedom if you could be with the witnesses of the evidence?
10,The best movie of my life!
10,Duprein looks at a colleague who's been working on a rooftop and drinking his beer.
10,It's very touching and very impressive.It was amazing that there was such a true story and the acting was so natural.
10,
10,The best movie of my life.
10,
10,It's a masterpiece and a great actor. It's a well-organized and highly complete movie. It still touches me more than any other movie^^
10,It's a movie that needs to be re-released.
10,The direct translation of the original title is Shawshank Redemption, and if it was released in Korean culture by direct translation, it would not have been as touching as this. Some say the title is a spoiler, but there is no such spoiler and emotion
1,I just don't know
10,It comes out in recommended movies all the time, but I thought it wouldn't be fun, so I watched it without any expectations, and it became my life movie
10,
10,ㅠㅠ You really have to watch it
10,
10,I've watched it dozens of times and now I'm crying again - the best movie of my life
10,It was a great movie!
10,
10,It's coming out on the cable channel again. I've seen it dozens of times, but I see it again.
10,Throwing off his clothes and enjoying his freedom in the rain
10,I'm sure it's the most complete and moving movie I've ever seen, and I'm sure it's the most touching movie I've ever seen
10,What words are needed? It's the movie with the highest rating in the world
10,
10,Don't talk about the movie without seeing this
10,The best movie of my life, Tim Robbins, was so charming that it was my number one movie ♡
10,나는 내 친구를 만나서 악수를 했으면 좋겠어. 나는 태평양이 내 꿈에서처럼 파랬으면 좋겠다. 그러길 바래요.
10,
10,My favorite movie... It's so much fun to watch now. It's healing.
10,I can't get enough of it. It's a real masterpiece
10,It's hard to find the shortcomings of a movie that you want to watch again without knowing the title, but the movie was good
10,It was like a movie when I was a kid. It's just famous, it's not funny, there's no fighting scene. But as I got older, this wasn't a movie. Now I know what makes humans gain strength and lose strength, how scary adaptation is, how great it is to have hope. I'm in Shawshank and I'm a dupe. Everyone lives meaninglessly in a certain environment, and every time they watch this movie, they look back on it. What am I doing, living well?
10,I'm not sure how much more I'll watch in the future, but what's certain is that I can't feel the thrill of the first time I watched this movie 1,000 times.
10,I'm a senior in high school, but I was flustered while studying, so I watched it on my laptop and craved freedom I'll make sure to do it tomorrow
10,
10,From the beginning to the end, calmly. At the same time, the narration with an appealing voice makes my heart tear up. Morgan Freeman's acting is incredible. And it's touching to think about the freedom given, to try to change the appearance of the prisoners.
10,It's a 1994 movie and it's really immersive.
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece
10,
10,2020. Hope to be 30 years old
10,A movie where hope becomes a story and hope becomes a dream
10,
10,a gentle and deep echo
10,The best movie that's so perfect that I can't really express it. Why do you think I just saw it now? I hope someday I can express this movie as well as the movie. It's a true masterpiece that can't even be filled with the word masterpiece.crying
10,The most touching ♡ I often find myself watching it until the end without sleeping after turning the channel
10,Now that I've seen it seven times, it's still new
10,The second half of the movie brings tears to my eyes
10,How many times have I seen you so far?
10,It was so much fun!
10,The saddest part is that I can't give you 100 points
10,There is no movie to compare. It's just the best
10,
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,Is there anything else I can say besides this?
10,What should I say? Silent
10,a work like a pearl in the earth that is both humanistic and transcendent to man
10,
10,When I was young, I watched it because it was fun, but when I became an adult, I cried...
10,It's a shame that I can't give this movie more than 10 points. I often get reviews of Naver's movie ratings, but I've never left a single one, but I thought it was a good movie, so I came to leave one. There are many reviews saying that they let me get out of the prison I made, but that's exactly what it means. I think my life will be divided again before and after watching this movie. I thought I should live freely, and I think I'll see you many times.
10,I regret why I watched it now It was really fun.
10,It was a movie that I watched because I had nothing to do when I returned from boot camp, and it became a compass for my military life.
10,I've seen it more than ten times.The best movie of my life
10,I was in tears when the credits went up. Goosebumps and touching... It's a movie that I want to remember all the scenes, including Andy fixing the blue sea and the boat.
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it.The movie of my life movie. The textbook of my life.a heart-warming movieIt's a movie that makes me cry and smile.One more hope... A movie that cheers me up.
10,I think I know why people want me to watch masterpieces
10,
10,Andy endured the longings and hopes of freedom and finally gained freedom, and avenged Tommy on the warden. The immersion was good, fun, and the meaning of the movie was good. I realized why people call it a masterpiece only after watching the movie.
10,
10,
10,I finally found my favorite movie. Thank you. I'll do my best.
10,I'm glad I saw you now.
10,Best movie ever...I was really touched. It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,My favorite movie... It makes me feel a lot of things. The movie itself is so much fun
10,Jilin, ,,,,,,,,,,
10,It's just "God"...
1,I'll give you 1 point. There's no reason.
9,It faithfully reproduces the original film, but also has the best strengths of the movie, the highest peak of the original Steven King movie
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,
10,Hope is a good thing.Good things are eternal
10,I have nothing to say. It's not up to me to judge
10,If I had to choose just one movie out of all the movies in the world, I would choose this one.
10,I watched 39-year-old Shawshank Escape 7 times this yearI sometimes think of it, so I listen to it and then...I have mixed feelings 2020.5.12 Preparation
10,Emotions that can never be seen in modern movies. Later, movies or genres with similar developments may come out, but this kind of directing or acting atmosphere can never be created. In the forest, you can see a picture of the theme of the longing for freedom and the demon nature of humans, and even if you watch the movie from the perspective of individual life, focusing on the tree, that is, DuPrene, not the forest, you never lose your immersion. You are free to watch it in any way, but if you want to watch the movie properly, it would be much more touching to watch it more than twice.
10,
10,Closed perfection, that's this movie and you'll regret it after you watch it. Why did I watch this now? It's 100%...
10,I finally saw Shawshank escape when I was 20It's such a touching and fun movieI got to see Morgan Freeman again.I was so sad that Grandpa Brooks made an extreme choice, but I can't wait to see a movie where everything was perfect
10,"Remember, Red, hope is a good thing. Maybe it's the best thing. Good things never go away." It's a masterpiece. I think it shows the reality of difficult life implicitly. It's a movie that reminds me of hard times. A movie that you should watch regularly.
10,It's a sad movie that I can only give you 10 stars
10,You have to shut up and watch. You have to watch it
10,It's new every time I see it
10,
10,
10,I watched it from the middle of the first half to the end.I'm sad that I didn't watch it from the beginning.
10,I just saw myself before I turned 30
10,The last part really touches my heart
10,
10,
10,What do people live by? Andy would have answered hope.
10,
10,Ratings can be up to 1000 characters
10,The best movie is really the best.
10,a heart-rending film The movie showed hope that schools and textbooks couldn't tell.
10,a masterpiece of life
10,
10,Why did I watch this movie now? I still feel like it's a masterpiece
10,My mom recommended it to me, and it became the best quality of my life.
10,Spoon and pressure time and will
10,a film about freedom
10,I thought Shawshank Escape was a comic movie about escaping from prison, but what I learned was a cry for freedom and hope
10,Life movie~ A movie that always touches my heart even after watching it regularly since I first watched it 25 years ago. I will also escape the show shank of my life Hope is good Hope is the best thing
10,It's the best... Life forever ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that made me laugh and cry
10,Only those who do not give up hope can lift the obsidian.
10,The movie of my life... It was the best movie ever.
10,
10,It's just that it's crazy. Why did you watch this movie now? Why do you have to die busy or work busy or live with hope?
10,
1,The movie is good, but there are so many female words... It seems necessary to renew according to the current era...
10,It's a movie that makes you feel the importance of freedom.  Thank you for the freedom I have
10,I saw this when I was a student, and it's still the best masterpiece of my life. I think I've seen it more than 10 times, and it always makes me feel like I want to try something new.
8,It's touching, but it's not a life movie
10,
10,
10,I'm 25 years old. I can't believe I'm watching this now. I'm still so moved
10,
10,The best movie ever. The touch of Endiduprein's life.
10,I threw a stone into a calm lake, so I have no choice but to shake. A true friend who gave hope to a lost friend once again. They are free.
9,What a great movie...  I also recommend "Green Mile" as another film by Frank Darabont.
10,A movie that I can say first without worrying about when I discuss my life movie with someone. It's a really unbelievable movie. I'm really happy to watch it while having a beer when I'm having a hard time.
10,
10,
10,I was dumbfounded when I saw it when I was in school. I realized this is what a masterpiece movie is like.
10,
10,
10,
10,It's amazing. A movie that comforts you when you have a hard time
10,A movie that made me realize how great hope is
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,Humans are inherently unequal.How to use what is given is the key
10,Hope is good thing .... Brox and Red's different endings, and the dingy lines from Andy's letter, and the last scene, were just the best
10,
10,I thought it was a calm story at first, but the twist was so shocking ㅠㅠ I keep thinking about it and the lingering feeling
9,If it's just so much fun, how about this? A movie that I'll recommend right away
10,The scene of drinking beer after the rooftop work on the rooftop...
10,It's simply the best work.It's a masterpiece.
9,Shawshank escape... I watched the movie whenever I was depressed.My first DVD movie!In the early days of watching the movie, I fell in love with Andy, but after watching the movie again, I watched it from the perspective of Red.The movie that experienced the life attitude of many actors.Translation deducted by 1 point
9,
10,You're the best.It's just amazing
10,
10,It's fun to watch from time to time, and it's fun to watch while working, and it's fun to watch from the middle to the end. If you haven't watched it, don't ignore it because it's an old movie. Look it up right now and watch
10,Good. Now I see it
10,The movie of my life that touches my heart no matter how many times I see it.
8,Wow, I don't know about masterpieces. Even if I watch it two or three times, the actors' acting is great
10,It's not a movie. It's a life textbook
10,
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,
10,It's really fun, right?
10,You will be moved by the story once in its completeness.
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words! It's a movie that makes me feel all kinds of emotions after watching it. I smirked at this world without realizing it.
10,희망은 좋은 것이고, 어쩌면 가장 좋은 것일지도 모른다.
10,It was the best movie ever!
10,It's as if I've been absorbed in a movie for years.
10,'희망도 나쁜 것', '희망도 좋은 것'.
10,My favorite movie...
10,You know...LOL
10,
10,You have to watch this 7 times before you die
10,It's a masterpiece of the century. There was not a moment of boredom from beginning to end. The last scene of the movie is very impressive.
10,It really lingers a lot. It's such an honor to watch this movie.
10,Did I escape the showshank of my life?
10,그들의 깃털은 너무 밝습니다.
10,좋은 영화야!
10,When I watched this movie for the first time a long time ago, I kept looking at the clock because it was such a waste of time. I think I've seen him about 10 times since then
10,Misfortunes just happen to come upon us as we wander around.Live a busy life or die quickly.
10,Wow, I watched it on YouTube and it was crazy
10,I am writing a comment after watching a movie for the first time in my life.If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch itI really hope you watch it before you die.
10,
10,Why did you meet Forest Gump in the same year?ㅜㅜ I had no luck, but after 20 years, I can't help but be happier
10,
10,
10,Freedom and hope, meaning through life and values of humanity. The reason why I watch this movie once every 10 years.
10,If you've come this far, you could go a little further. Good things never go away.
10,The funniest movie in the world.
9,Three feelings after watching the movie? I think it's divided into thoughts. A great joy, calm emotion, or just feeling is a calm emotion this time. The calm wave eventually burst into joy. Do I have hope? Do I have freedom? Thank you for the good movie. Masterpiece!
10,Every time I see a masterpiece that inspires the hope of life and motivates me to live, I get wet with new emotions
10,I wonder if there will be a better movie than this
9,March 3rd, 2020. Of course, it's been a long time, so compared to the current production, the level of technology seems a little sloppy, but these days, watching such a gem-like movie rather than a meaningless and boring fantasy movie, there is something touching in my heart. It was really fun.
10,There are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who hasn't seen it once. A perfect ending. A movie that teaches a life lesson. The deep lingering feeling of the ending Cradit. It's one of the masterpieces of life that can't be caught
10,
10,A must-see movie in life!
10,
10,It's the most touching movie ever
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it
10,It was so good. Becoming a movie of my life
10,
10,The perfect movie... Escape and get rained on, freedom!
10,Maybe I've also been stuck in a rut, and now I hope I live with hope and effort. I believe that I can overcome any hardships
10,It's the best. The end.
10,Life movie If there are goals and hopes in life, fear doesn't hold us back
10,Holy Moly...
10,Fear locks you in and hope keeps you alive
10,Although I am still a teenager, I regret watching this movie that gave me hope in my future life.
10,A legendary movie about everyone who escaped and peed in the rain
10,There is hope in prison, too People who have already gained freedom have more opportunities, so don't be frustrated and always live with hope
10,I think this is the movie of my life I think it's a more memorable work because the ending, the ending, and the ending, the ending, and the ending are so perfect...
10,
10,
10,I thought for a moment about what kind of review I should leave. It's just the best.
10,The only movie I've ever seen in my life that I can confidently say is my life movie.
10,Was it when I was in 9th grade? I watched it once and became the best movie of my life, but I go to feel touched again after 7 years.
10,Do you need words? It's just the best movie
9,a well-made film Boring stories and neat endings. It was a movie that lacked everything.
10,Everyone's life movie. And it's a movie that makes you reflect on the lines while watching the last part. A movie that makes you think about hope and freedom. A movie that gives you strength when you think life is tiring and joyless.
10,I can't believe I'm seeing you now!
10,
10,Why am I crying when I drink beer on the roof?
10,
10,Hope is a good thing. But there should be no hope for criminals who commit violent crimes!!
10,A movie that makes you want to watch it again as soon as it's over
10,I just loved it
10,Let's be happy for the rest of our lives
10,A masterpiece that should be given 50 out of 0
10,A movie that you can't get enough of. A movie that was so touching.
8,The movie itself is great, but I won't watch it again
10,
10,"I hope the Pacific Ocean will be as green as in my dream."
10,The power that wakes me up after lying down helplessly. appreciate the power of a movie
10,
10,It's touching even if you watch it many times
10,Everyone has a taste, but this movie doesn't have that. If you can understand the language even if you show 7.7 billion people, it's a 10 point movie. It's the best movie on Earth
10,I feel like I've seen a renaming work like this in my 40s life. Pay by loan and then pay again for collection.   Spacing out after watching a movie. I can see the captions.  Shut up if you haven't seen it. It is a rare mystery that this movie did not win the Academy Award for Best Picture. It is definitely the best American movie. I heard that there is a book, but of course, it has the intention of a director. Willingness to find an island in Mexico at the end of the movie. I got goosebumps at the thought of the movie while I'm writing my GPA.
10,You're the best. You're the best
10,A movie showing the most important hope in the world
1,The reviews were so good that I looked at it and it was...I know joy, anger, sorrow, desperation in life, meaning of invisible movies, all important and watch movies...Honestly, it was so boring...Except for the first 10 minutes before the last escape, I was so bored that I almost fell asleep while watching it. I was waiting for when it would be fun and when I was immersed in it, but the reviews were so good that I watched it until the end.It's just the joys and sorrows of life.The movie itself is so boring...I thought it was similar because it had a similar rating with Titanic, but I'd rather have a Korean defendant drama... (I don't know if you copied this...)
10,I'm heartbroken, angry, and I end up laughing. I escaped from my frustrating daily life for a moment
10,
10,It's really my life's work. It's a movie that I think I should watch at least once in my life.
10,Perfection is the blessing of mankind
10,
10,A movie to watch before you die with the Truman Show.
10,What do I need to say?
10,Please make sure everyone watched it
10,the best movie of one's life
10,I finally saw it now. It's a masterpiece
10,
10,
10,
10,It is one of the top five must-see movies.
10,If you play it on OCN CGV, you stop and watch it
10,I felt a sense of distance because the rating was so high, but I can see why it's like that in person. A movie that makes you think of precious things
10,The school showed it to me, and I recommend it because it's a good movie!
10,It's been 25 years, but it's still touching. It's one of the best works!
9,
10,
10,
9,It's fun. The story is solid, and I think it'll be fun to watch it many times. Most of the Korean films set in prison seem to have borrowed the contents of this movie.
10,I think it was the most memorable movie among the original novel I've ever seen!
10,A must-see movie before anyone dies
10,
10,It's good...
9,What kind of cage could be more beautiful than this?
10,A film that inspires hope as a good thing in a cynical, critical reality. A good thing is a good thing.
10,Wow, it's a really interesting movie
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie
10,
10,Why did I see this now?It's the best movie of my life
10,I watched all the best ㅠㅠ life movie
10,The best movie of my life!It's a masterpiece
10,
9,
10,
10,I watched the movie at least 20 times every day, but I watch myself being fixed on the channel again
10,
10,It's just a wrap it
10,Watch the movie of your life, "One Tier" and watch it
10,He looks like the head of a prison
10,
10,
10,It's new every time I see it. It's still a masterpiece even after a long time. I think I've seen it more than 20 times. hope is goodthing. The last scene at the beach where Andy and Red reunite. The scenery is so beautiful and it feels like my heart is wide open. I want to go there before I die. Lake Jihuatane.
10,Best work, need words?
10,
10,
8,The fruit of freedom is given to those who break through the cage
10,Every time I watch a movie more than 100 times, it feels amazing and new
10,I stopped without saying anything until the end credits were up. I've seen so many movies and I love them so much, but I've never seen such a shocking and heart-throbbing movie before. It was so touching that I couldn't even cry in the last scene.
10,Wow... This is crazy. It's been a long time since I saw an interesting movie from beginning to end. Usually, most of the movies are interesting to watch at first, but the ending is disappointing, or the beginning and the middle are boring.It's perfect from beginning to end.It is so much fun. I'm still in awe
10,The last scene at the top of OO's masterpiece made me cry
10,Definitely the best movie of my life will never change
10,I've watched it countless times, but every time I watch it, it's the best movie of my life that feels new and lingering after appreciation. I think it's a must-see movie before I die.
10,8 points for a movie that is not enough to give 800 points. I hope one day I get 10 points, but I don't know what it means
10,A movie that you want to watch again even if you watch it 100 times
10,If you have to choose the best movie in your 45 years of life, you can choose Shawshank Escape without hesitation
10,A film that shows me the standard of seeing a movie.' This movie seems to be as complete as a percentage of Shawshank's escape."Wishpot that's hard to forget." Lake Jiwatane.
10,Wow, that's legendary. The best movie
10,Hope, tired of life, forgot to live. I guess my heart that I found hope after watching the movie and Red's heart that found hope after watching Andy are the same. I support all Reds who watch this movie!
10,
10,The movie that my grandfather showed me when I went to my grandfather's house... At first, I thought it would be boring, but when the movie ended, there was only a really long lingering feeling. I learned a touching and lesson that I couldn't feel in movies these days. It was a heartwarming movie after a long time.
10,The most valuable running time of my life
10,All I can say is that the director is a genius. I just think it's great to deliver such a lump of messages neatly and emotionally during that time. I knew there was a twist, but I got a twist.
10,
10,Freedom should be more than release.
10,
10,I didn't expect to see such a masterpiece.It's more unfortunate that I can't give more than 10 points. Why is this masterpiece not coming out in Korea?
10,The best movie of my life that touched many people's hearts with two themes, freedom and hope, and left a deep impression on me.
10,There is no need for words. Why did I watch this now?
10,I've recommended a lot of movies of my life, but I'm reminded of my recent discharge, and I want to go somewhere, and I can't express my emotions.ㅠㅠ I was moved after watching a movie after a long time.
10,
10,Raise your hand if you watched episode 12!
10,It's the best movie of my life. I think it was an opportunity to have hope for life without getting tired of it.
10,
10,It's my favorite movie I still can't forget Dufrey's quoteHaha hope is a good thing and it never disappeared. It really helped me a lot in my studies after watching this movieHaha
10,Hope and friend. They are the most precious thing in life.
10,It's the best movie of my lifeThere are more than one thing that I remember clearlyI was especially impressed by the last part, and I was admiring it for almost 10 minutes until the credit was over
10,It's a three-letter definition. That's awesome
10,The number one movie that I watch every two to three years
10,It's my first time writing a rating. After watching the movie, I think that I should not commit a crime and learn about the lives of the two main characters.
10,It's so touching. A must-see movie...
10,
10,For me, it was said that it was a perfect movie. It was said that it was a masterpiece, but I regret that I saw it now, but I am glad that I saw it now. For those who haven't seen it yet, I hope you watch it someday. I won't regret it
10,I think I've seen my favorite movie hundreds of times
10,Even if it's on cable TV, I'll be immersed in the movie...
10,Some birds forget how to fly in a cage. Some birds rise to the sky as if they were waiting when the cage door opens. Let's go...
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The best movie of my life. Why do I feel so much more after being discharged?
10,
9,I don't get tired of it, so I'm thinking about buying it for conversation study.Morgan Freeman It was perfect if it wasn't Me Too, but a little too bad.
10,I just stop when I change the channel. It's fun to watch it again
10,Sigh... I cried at the end
10,the best movie of one's life
10,This is what movies are like. It's a bonus to know Rita Hayward and Raquel Wetch. It's an honor to be able to live and watch such a movie at the same time.
10,The destructive power of pure longing that could pierce any thick wall...
10,It's just the best...
10,
10,
10,No need for words? Best movie ever.
10,Let's see each other!
10,One of my favorite movies
10,a film of one's life
10,This is real... I didn't know freedom was this hopeful for a man. I'll keep it in my heart
8,This is real... I didn't know freedom was this hopeful for a man. I'll keep it in my heart
10,
10,I can still feel it when I see it 30 times.I'm so touched.
10,A movie that you trust and watch again and again and again and again and again.Make sure to watch an incredible movie that gives you goosebumpsField
10,I'm just translating it as Shawshank Redemption. Speaking of Shawshank Escape, it sounds like a water tank escape
10,I felt a deep aftertaste for the first time while watching the movie.
10,I've seen many movies in my life, but I think it's the best masterpieceEven though it was made in 1995, I enjoyed it so much that I feel like I'm listening to my favorite movie for no reason.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now? It's a movie to watch before you die. When the song is played on the LP, when the warden finds a hole, and when Andy leaves the narrow sewer pipe and receives heavy rain, Red's scene to his past before parole is so touching. I recommend it to everyone who is worried and uncertain about the future.
10,First Person Observer Point of View... Cheating to the audience
10,I thought it was not good to see a classic movie, but it was a fresh shock movie that changed many of my thoughts after I saw the movie
10,
10,Say what's best.My favorite movie.
10,
10,It's healing. ㅠㅠ It's a must-see movie before you die.
10,
10,It's been 140 minutes. It's been so long since I don't know how it's going to go.  It's a movie that makes you think about life again. It's a movie that you have to watch before you die
10,My life is a masterpiece forever.
10,
10,You have to watch it before you die
10,It's a movie that I look for whenever life is hard.If there's anyone who hasn't watched it, I want to recommend this movie.If someone who wants to kill himself watches this movie, I think he'll regain his courage
10,It's the first time I've seen a movie so focused recently. It's a really good movie.
10,
10,My age is 35...I saw this movie now. It's my favorite movie
10,
10,The Greatest Movie of My Life Top 10: Silence of the Lambs, Gladiators, Kingdom of Heaven, Lord of the Rings, Titanic, The Great Showman, Dark Knight, Avatar, The Rock, and The Shawshank Escape
10,
10,The movie wakes up cells in one gulp to concentrate on the whole body, which is getting weaker and duller as you get older (now 40).The only movie worth watching when freedom and hope forget about the words.
10,A moving masterpiece from an old movie
10,It's nice to see you with your family
10,It is a masterpiece that is enough to be moved and moved by the desire for freedom for the world, and the courage to escape from the space where conspiracy and violence are prevalent.  The main character, Andy Duprein. I respect you
10,
10,I think I've seen it ten times, but I got caught in the middle of changing channels, so I'm watching it again.  I am wondering if I can show it to my high school movie watching club.  Because of the rape and violence.ㅜㅜ
10,As if I've seen my life's movie 6 or 7 times, I'm moved again after watching it again today
10,Even before I watched this movie, I sometimes shouted "Shawshank escape!" and I thought to myself, "Shawshank escape!" I picked it up from somewhere and just because of the word escape," and I happened to turn on TV today, "Shawshank escape," so I started watching it naturally and it became my life movie It still lingers in my mind, so I'm going to calm my heart and go to a good sleep
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,A masterpiece of the century. A movie I want to show everyone
10,It's a movie that stops the channel every time I watch it.
10,
10,Memories of Old Boy and Murder were released in the same year, and Forest Gump and Shawshank Escape were released in the same year.
10,A movie that makes you want to be fooled and hope
10,The best movie of my life
7,The last ending was left with a life lesson
10,I can't help but watch the movie...
10,Andy Dufrein heads for the Pacific Ocean, saying to stay hopeful and true to the present.
10,The best movie of my life!!!!
10,Make sure you watch the best movie of your life It's so much fun
10,It's a perfect movie.
10,
10,
10,My favorite movie
10,
10,I'm glad I saw this now. a very good work It's a work with a very good artistic quality and it's very good. Make sure to watch it.
10,Thank you for listening to this movie, this novel.
10,I watched it because of my university assignment, but I became pathetic because I ignored it because it was an old movie.The movie of my life...Figaro's Marriage in the middle of the movie - this double singing scene of a letter made me shudder.Morgan Freeman's soft narration also played a part in making the film a masterpiece
10,The longer the wait, the harder the time, the more tame it is at some pointThere are times when you live within that frame.After watching this movie, I was able to awaken 'hope' after a long time. Hope was always in my heart, not far away.
10,First of all, I felt repulsed because it was an old movie of 1995 and I hesitated because I saw some Christian-related sentences, but now I don't have any movies to watch, so I just looked for the re-released materials a few years ago. This is a must-see movie for anyone of all ages, men and women, but Morgan Freeman, you... It's the same as it was 20 years ago
10,
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Thank you for watching the best movie now
10,cinematic art
8,Prison means society, so may countless Reds in this society fight for all the freedoms of life, long and short, like Andy. And may you achieve it!
10,
10,A movie that makes you realize that what you see in your life is not everything. A movie that you watch, the more you learn
10,
10,When this movie comes out, guys always stop
10,There's something that's focused on
10,Let's not lose hope for everyone who runs forward!
10,The best movie of my life. It's been well over 20 years, but it's definitely the best movie of all time. The best movie in the future. It will be a movie that will be talked about for a long time in 30 years and 40 years.
10,It happened to be a masterpiece released in the same year as Forest Gump
10,It's a movie that you should watch at least once.
10,Andy's message of hope seems to illuminate my life brilliantly. a truly beautiful film about humans
10,
10,No.3 in terms of subjectivity and no.1 in terms of objectivity! No words needed. You have to watch it before you die
10,It's a masterpiece that I feel lucky to see. I really want to see it at the movie theater. I'm sorry that I just found out, but I'm glad I found out now.
10,Cya...
10,No matter how gutter your life is, you crave freedom and have hope. No one can take away that hope.
10,A movie that shows the possibility of hope! A masterpiece
10,I watched it again while changing the channel.
10,A bird that wants freedom cannot be kept in a cage
10,Wow, you're the best every time I see you.
10,I want to go to see the top movie in the world ^^
10,Stop it! I got caught again today, so I saw it from tiredness!!! crying
10,Even if I watch it again today, it's the best! Later on, this will be the past...
10,I want to escape from poverty and be free like Andy.
10,I wonder if I need more words
10,How is your life now?
10,A movie about "Hope". I can even feel the respect for DuPrein, who tried to build hope even in a prison that was mixed with freedom and oppression, and looked at hope. Not to mention acting and directing, a solid story is the best strength. Maybe we're comfortably complacent and not seeing 'hope' in the reality that we're living now?
10,A classic that includes everything a movie should have.
10,Have hopes and dreams that no one can take or trample on
10,I can see why people call it their favorite movie.
10,If you don't have anything to watch in theaters these days, you should have made more movies like this
8,seep into one's heart like a calm wave
10,I've seen a lot, but the echo is consistent.
10,Movie of my life. A movie I must watch in my life
10,바라다.
10,impeccable acting and content
10,Whoever criticizes and criticizes it remains the best masterpiece
10,Masterpiece, masterpiece, masterpiece... a film lacking numerous modifiers
10,It's good to live without dying, too. You can see masterpieces like this
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece. Dope
10,the best movie without words
9,This is the movie of my life.
10,The only movie I've ever given a rating of 10
10,There's just no need for words. Just watch it
10,I can only write within 140 characters. I can only write the word "best
10,Freedom, crave and win!
10,The best! The best! The best! The best!
10,이것은 내가 가장 좋아하는 영화 중 하나이다.
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
10,A movie I've seen over 30 times. The best movie that made me endure the hellish Changwon office life and always became a lucky goddess even when I moved to a good place.
10,24 years later, I'm still curious about the rating
10,Ten years later... It's a masterpiece
10,There is no need for words. It's the best.
10,a movie with no meaning in itself
10,It's been a while since I saw it, but it's a masterpiece
10,It is one of the world's all-time best masterpieces that combines the passionate performances of Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins, who are good at acting, and the supporting actors.
10,The opportunity is only for those who are prepared.
10,I want to escape from Hell Joseon like Shawshank Prison.
10,I've seen the best movie of my life more than 30 times
10,It's so touching  Make sure to watch it
10,It would be even better if it was re-released and seen in theaters, and I could feel that masterpieces are masterpieces, such as hope and freedom, the basic ideas that humans often pursue. It was a movie that made me think how much we want and want when we lose it
10,It's strange that it's not out of 10. I want to go under the oak tree in Buxton.
10,something beyond one's imagination The living eyes are the best.
10,I'm sorry. I can's EBS^^
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words...
10,A movie that made me realize that I was in my own prison and that I could fly to freedom at any time.
10,A masterpiece that you must watch in your life
10,I think it's an irrefutable masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch it again. moving
10,I already watched the movie, but I couldn't turn on another channel because I watched the middle part of the movie. As expected, masterpieces are masterpieces. The lines and narration...Actors' acting...Nearly 40 years old still leaves a deep impression. I want to see my kids again when they grow up
10,I can hear the score going up
10,The movie that I want to watch every time
10,Three prison movies, Escape Shawshank, Hurricane Carter, 10 for first-degree murder
10,What words do you need?Every time you look at it, you find something different
10,A must-see movie in life.
10,A movie that contains everything that a movie made these days doesn't have
10,The best movie of my life that I remember even after watching it dozens of times
10,There is no need for words. 10/10
10,I was moved twice as much as when it was released.It's the best.
10,What a touching life movie ㅠㅠ..It's the best.
10,It's good to watch. It's the best
10,It's a masterpiece.I want to give you one more out of everything
10,Despair, hope, reality!Very good!
10,Perfection itself gives me goosebumps every time I see it
10,What can I say?
10,A bird named Andy who even enlightened Red who was wandering in despair
10,It's a 1994 movie, but why is it so interesting every time I see it?
10,Every time I see you, you're the best!
10,The scene where the main character of the movie that I enjoyed the most was singing "Hurray" through the sewer and the last scene where the two main characters met is the most memorable
10,If you're watching this on EBS, "Show Shank Escape"
10,I watched it three times and 20 years later, but it's still a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life! I can't get rid of my emotions no matter how many times I watch it!
10,It's a touching movie, "Show Shank" Escape!
10,Hope and Andy...
10,I realized that this is a real movie.
10,It's one of the few interesting movies that people haven't seen, but those who've seen it once are rare
10,a very well-made film10 points
10,How many times do you watch Lee Young Hwall?
10,My will is, "You must watch this movie."
10,I watched it over and over again, but it's a famous painting that I always watch because I'm spaced out.
10,Let's pretend you've been fooled at first sight
10,21-year-old HYUNJAE. I put it off, put it off, put it off, and finallyI even saved it on my smartphone so that you can watch it anytime
10,I'm just sad to see you now.
10,My favorite work of my life. A work that I want to recommend to my children
10,The scene of drinking beer together on the rooftop was the best.Freedom is...
10,How many times have I seen you?When I was in high school, I rented a video with my school friends and it made everyone sit in a daze until the end. A movie that you can't help but watch on TV. It's a masterpiece.
10,I escaped, but I've lost so many years of my escape.
10,A movie you want to watch whenever you are tired of life. Will you live your life like Brooks or Red?
10,If you find it by changing the channel, you'll definitely watch it again.
10,The best movie ever
10,Ten points exist for a movie like this. I don't know how many times I've watched it, but it's a great movie that makes me feel touched every time I watch it.
10,It is hard to watch a movie like this now that I don't know how time went by.
10,By far the best movie of my life.I can't forget the scene where the last two people meet.
10,I cried with Andy when he came out of Shawshank and welcomed his freedom.
10,Endless flapping of wings for freedom and hope.If you have hope, you get freedom. If you lose hope, you live a repressed life. The best movie
10,Aside from acting and messaging, it is the best movie just by looking at the director's directing. The way things unfold is art
10,Wow... I can't believe I'm watching this now. It's so much fun
10,It's really fun and Andy is so charming!
10,A movie that eliminated my prejudice that classic masterpieces are boring and old.
10,It's really well-made
10,I think it's a masterpiece in my life. It's a movie where even an outsider can share his life while opening a can of beer
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words to describe how it felt to get out of the aisle, the size of a bunch of stinking football fields, and get rained on
10,The best thing I've done this year is to watch this movie.
10,If I could watch a movie before I die, I would definitely watch it.
10,This is the only movie I've ever seen before.I wanted to keep the feelings I had when I first saw him
10,Why did I see it now?
10,A film that tells you what freedom and hope are of enormous importance
10,I can't get enough of it.
10,It's an old movie, but it doesn't feel like it, and it's just that Andy was a good influence on everyone in prison Of course, for me, too! Hope is a good thing. Every time you have a hard time, you'll think of it
10,A movie that you can't stop once you play it
10,The nightly darkness was a single ray of sunlight shining from freedom to someone.
6,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. It's a bit boring in the second half,
10,Wow, this mysterious, complicated and subtle feeling is pouring in...It's a movie that calms you down the more you watch it.
8,Every line is a guide to life
10,A movie that doesn't need words. A movie of my life.
10,There are so many scenes that I like
10,Why is there such a thing as a rating? be indescribable It is only regrettable that I have no choice but to give the highest score of 10 points.^^
10,It's a movie that gets darker and more serious every year.I'm looking forward to the movie next year.Take it out and cry. Eunyeong's shoes. It's a movie that touches my heart every year.
10,It's a masterpiece that will last forever even if I watch it now or 50 years later!
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,I think it's really cruel and sad that I can't say anything. Why is the blackness afterwards tamed?
10,A movie genre and one of history must be seen and remembered
10,A movie that will have a long-lasting memorable line
10,I think it's a relief to see you now
10,After watching the movie, I have hope.
10,A gem-like movie that never loses its first light no matter how many times it is taken out after several years is called a masterpiece.
10,I watched it on OCN 10 years ago and it's my favorite movie
10,사랑.. 그게 최고야
10,Even if I look at it again, it's a very well-made...This is a masterpiece...
10,I know why it is a must-see movie before I die.So did I.
10,A movie on a movie. A movie that can be explained in this word
10,OOOㅠㅠㅠ물Teary Glow
10,Freedom in life is...
10,I knew it was famous, but for some reason, I couldn't touch it, but I made up my mind to do it this spring.The title, "The Best Movie of My Life," which I haven't even remembered the title, has been released as of today.You're the best. I want to show you when my kid grows up.
10,If I had seen it when I was younger, I wouldn't have let go of studying. It was so good and I left a review and a comment I rarely use it, but it reminds me of Shin Hyeong-man's line from Shin Chan's father. If you want to be happy for the rest of your life, live honestly. It feels like it's stuck in your heart Thank you for letting me experience this kind of course
10,That's amazing. There is no need for words.
10,It's crazy
10,This is crazy. It's been 26 years since I saw this movie
10,It is the best movie of my life.
1,The movie itself is great, but I won't watch it again
10,There's no need for wordsIt's a movie that makes you look back on your life, and you feel once again that opportunity comes to those who are ready.
10,I watched this movie when I was in my second year of high school, but I recently watched it again. It's still the same emotion from 24 years ago. I love the OST too
10,A movie with deep resonance. A movie that touches my heart no matter how many times I watch it
10,A movie that you can't forget
10,Red and Andy's friendship story... Especially Morgan Freeman's commentary in the middle was the best, it was so much fun, especially at the end, where we reunite with each other, thinking that we could come even more if we came this far, a masterpiece that would be 9.7 out of 10 Naver ratings
10,I saw it when I was in elementary school and I saw it by recommendation when I became an adult.It was so good that I remembered it at that young age, but when I watched it again, I thought it was a great movie.If you haven't seen it, I recommend you to watch it.
10,Following Once Upon a Time in America, it doesn't matter when you made a great movie, but it's still lingering crying
10,One of the masterpieces that I never get tired of
8,95 is when my brother was born. I'm watching it now because it's on TV
10,King God. Shuangson. ㄱㄴ··ㅅㄷㄷ
10,Andy and Red... Andy wasn't just a spouting hope. The smartest, most active person and the most enterprising. I admire endlessly the temperament that I don't have
10,I think it's better to read the original novel
10,I recommend watching this movie when you lose your direction of life or when you are tired and exhausted. I was able to look back on my past life. And it was a heart-warming movie that allowed me to look into the future.
10,Hope is a good thing. It's the most precious thing. Good things never go away.
10,Explain how this movie is not 10 points
10,I don't need to say. The best movie of my life
10,It's more memorable because it's a happy ending
10,That's crazy. Why did I watch this now?
10,This is a movie. It's a movie that makes you cry from the heart, not from forced tears
10,It's one of the movies that I watch until the end when I'm on TV. I always watch it from the middle, but when I happen to watch it from the beginning, it's thrilling
10,Andy = Hope / Brooke = Like Brooke, Red's life seems to go the same way as Brooke's, but Andy's constant values for hope and freedom make a big and small difference to Red's life!
10,The best... The best... Legend... Masterpiece... The best movie ever, everything was perfect
10,I hope you don't turn it on too often on TV. I've been watching it over and over again and again
10,It's a masterpiece. One of the best masterpieces. I can't get tired of it
10,"Freedom can only be accepted by those who are ready."
10,It's the first time I got goosebumps watching a movie.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Movies that can be seen 20 years later
10,It's a movie that I watched as a recommendation, but I could feel why you recommended it. I guarantee that every line of the main character is a famous line
10,The scene where I drank beer was impressive
10,A movie that I look for whenever I have a hard time. It's a shame that I can only give you 10 points
10,Beautiful movie solid content
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now? It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,A movie for the best and the best. Who's not watching this movie?
10,The power to keep your humor alive while writing a story honestly!
10,This kind of movie is a true masterpiece
10,희망은 위험한 것이다.
10,When I looked it up again, everything changed. Every line is like a gem.
10,Freedom doesn't know its worth until it's lost. And freedom never fell from the sky one day.
10,The best movie of my life, it's a shame that I'm not number one in all movie rankings.
10,It's a movie that really zooms out, tears in my eyes, and exclaims
10,It's just... I don't know.
10,Even now, I'm sick of the rain truth
8,I'm just trying to get out of here, not even a portal
10,This movie doesn't need words, it's worth seeing!
10,I think it was a good opportunity to think about freedom, hope, and myself again
10,My life is like a movie
10,It's not a movie. It's about life
10,It is the most impressive movie I have seen in 26 years. It's such a waste of my time.
10,I can't forget the last scene
9,Man craves freedom.
10,Quiet afterglows and fine lines... After returning from reality, I enjoy freedom as if it were natural like water that comes out of the tap, but I always live happily in reality like a patient with a happiness deficiency. It's a life that you should be thankful for
10,I can't forget meeting Andy on the beautiful beach in the ending cut.
10,The more I look at it, the more I see it, the better it is
10,a masterpiece comparable to Clementine
10,I hope the regime changes soon and Moon and his gang all go to jail.
10,I could feel a lot in the relationship between various characters. Not only that, but the movie is so grateful for giving me confidence and hope for my goal.
10,Perfect story and actor meeting
10,The best movie ever.
10,You can say it's the best!
10,Is there a better film in the history of movies? an interesting and good example of a movie
10,When will you get tired of this movie?
10,I can't believe I just saw this masterpiece.
10,It's a masterpiece.Freedom
9,I felt like I was seeing myself escape from life as Shawshankra. I hope the ending is the same
10,Just look. Words aren't enough
10,I cried my eyes out as I watched the prisoners listening to music while looking up at the sky. The only time in Shawshank that no one felt scared. Hope is in the head and in the heart. Andy's saying that no one can take it away for a long time.
10,I've seen it dozens of times so far because I watched it every time it was played on cable TV. He suffers from sadness and frustration without dramatic production, but in the end, he can feel the catharsis of the main character who throws a nice shot. All the acting is good, too. Alcatraz Escape was a lot homage, but it's more fun.
10,I want to punch the translator
10,It's a movie that makes my heart overflow and tears flow... the power of a Message
10,The movie is just so cool.
10,My favorite movie... Another movie I want to watch
10,If you want to enjoy your freedom, make sure to watch this movie
10,Movies to watch and watch while breathing
10,It's a movie that lingers in my mind
10,A movie that gives you a lot of strength after watching it
10,I think I've seen him more than 10 times in my life
10,I can't judge this movie.  I can only give you 10 points
10,I can't give you a higher score.
10,It is too bad that I watched this movie when I was 21 years old.
10,The best movie I can't explain.
10,Dope... Andy Cider ㅜㅜ Screw the warden! At the end of the movie, I got goosebumps.Aside from all the complicated movies, I like movies that clearly teach lessons. I thought deeply about hope
10,Hope is good, maybe the best, and the best doesn't die
10,The best movie in my life
10,I think I've seen it about 50 times, but I can't get enough of it.
10,You can't mix movies these days. It's a masterpiece of the century
10,Do you need words...?
10,It's a crazy movie. Wow. At any moment, people have to find their way without giving up Thank you for everything. What a nice world to live in. Let's just get a little materialistic.
10,(Screaming)
10,It's a night where I put it off and now I regret seeing it.
10,a masterpiece that will be talked about forever
10,The best masterpiece of my life...
10,It must have been a mistake to hit below nine points!
10,I couldn't draw more of a desire for freedom. Hope is a good thing.
10,The review itself is meaningless. I just recommend watching it
10,I'm tearing up. Beautiful. I think it'll leave a strong impression.
10,My favorite movie... It's the best
9,I thought it was a similar genre to Planet of the Apes, so I didn't watch it. I thought it was good to watch it. I wish I had seen it sooner, but did I accept it a few years ago? It's a very interesting movie, but so what the hell are you talking about? Friendship? Unfair?+1 point off because the ending wasn't good
10,I've never seen a more perfect movie
10,You deserve 10 points.
9,Morgan Freeman's unique narration gives you comfort throughout the movie. Hope is always right
10,I really enjoyed the movie!!
10,A movie that I've watched more than 20 times. a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I felt free ㅜㅜ
8,Life movie...? Not to that extent, but I enjoyed watching it!
10,The scent of a woman, Forestgump Cast Away, along with the best of best b
10,Now I'm watching a movie that's impeccable
10,I can't forget the lingering feeling at the end of the movie as the two of them meet at the end
10,The one and only precious movie of my life
10,When I feel like I'm having a hard time at work, I put the kids to sleep and watch it without realizing it's a movie
10,The best movie that left a rating for the first time
10,The best movie I don't need any more words
10,My favorite movie ㅠㅠ the best
10,The movie that made me cry at the ending. If I don't lose hope, will it come true someday?
10,I've never seen a movie with such a solid story. Andy, you're really...
10,It's a masterpiece. Every time I see it, I feel it
10,It's an old movie, but it's moving beyond the times. I watched a movie and it felt like I listened to a song
10,It's my favorite movie from today I'll work hard with the main character as my life motivation Thank you for making this movie
10,A movie that makes you realize life
10,If you want to see a great movie, you must watch it.
10,The best thrill that only a movie can give me.And the movie that touched my heart ㅠㅠ
8,It's a masterpiece that follows the story, screen, and music
10,A movie that doesn't need words... I can't watch the movie more than twice because it's boring, but I'm sure this movie will be different. the best movie of one's life
10,What a masterpiece. I'm glad I saw you now
10,Brooks was here. / Die soon, live a busy life. / Figaro's marriage: The evening breeze is gentle. / Hope is good Good things never go away. / Jihuatanejo
10,Thank you for giving me hope, courage, and determination
10,I was a middle school student, so I didn't understand some things when talking about banks. But I was really impressed. It's my favorite movie. Students, please watch it
10,I'm so glad to see this movie before I die, and I'm so grateful to see this kind of movie. The running time of more than two hours was neither boring nor long. It's been a long time since I've had such a deep aftertaste.
10,I'm so glad to see this movie before I die, and I'm so grateful to see this kind of movie. The running time of more than two hours was neither boring nor long. It's been a long time since I've had such a deep aftertaste.
10,It's late, but I still have a rating
10,After watching the movie, it was a movie that felt something in my heart, not just entertainment.
10,I couldn't help but laugh when they were reunited at the end
10,It's great. It's so good. Good, good
10,I don't know the end of the movie that constantly attracts me
10,My favorite movie...A movie that you can watch anytime...
10,The best masterpiece. You must see it
10,It's my first time to leave a movie review.This is the best movie I've ever seen.
10,It was one of the most interesting foreign movies
10,It's a good thing I'm seeing now
10,It's a really good movie.
10,Let's see each other.It looks like a masterpiece
10,The reason why this movie is a little underrated in Korea is because of the title. The original title is not Shawshank's "Escape," but as it was translated into Korea, the spoiler title halved the fun. Foreign audiences are making a fuss because they didn't know Andy would escape, but we know everything from the beginning. This is a bummer
10,It was really the best. The last scene was so good to see.
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's a new movie
10,How dare you not give this piece a score of 10?
10,Ten is not enough
10,If you turn the channel, you'll see everything.
10,Unyielding hope in the pitch darkness, no matter what crisis we are in, we should not abandon it
10,I happened to see it on the cable and I think I saw it more than 10 timesIt was a true movie of my life.
10,It's the best movie ever
10,Watch it on CGV and leave a comment. I can't believe I know this movie now
10,There's no need for words.How many times do you want to watch the movie?
10,Buy an old ship and fix it clean..."Jihuataneo"...I want to live like that, too.  Then...Will Lee Seung Yunhyeong or Yoon Taekhyung come to shoot "Natural Man"?lol
10,It's a ridiculous movie...
10,It's the best. No words needed.
10,It's been 24 years since I watched a movie.
10,It's a great movie. Hope is good Good things don't go away^^
10,When I was young, my dad was watching TV, so I thought it was fun when I watched it with him, but when I became an adult, I watched it properly again, and it was the best movie without saying much
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no more masterpieces
10,The movie of my life that I want to watch again and again
10,I can't help but score 10 points. It's a movie that makes me look back on what I'm looking for and what I'm doing. The classical music in the middle of the movie sounds so attractive...I think that's what classical music is.
10,It can only be described as the best movie.
10,There's a movie that you can't get tired of even if you watch it 100 times. A movie that's fun even if you watch it every time
10,I can't forget Figaro's marriage in the movie.
10,It's always fun to watch from the middle
10,10 stars is not enough. 100 stars...1000 points...
10,This movie is the best movie of my life. No film could express freedom and hope like this.
10,It's the best. It's my favorite movie
10,It's on the real-time search keyword whenever we escape from Shawshank
10,I finally watched it all, how many times did you rerun it? Every time I turned the TV, it was halfway through or almost over.It's a story that you fall in love with and it gives you the feeling of the main character, Jang Kook Young
10,This is what a movie is...  Rubbish with abuse and violence isn't a movie!!
10,A movie that I want to watch again and again and again
10,It was released when I was young, so I only watched it on TV. I wish these movies would be released again There's a lot more good old movies out there
10,The best movie. In these five words. I don't need any more words.
10,Morgan Freeman (Red) faces 40 years in prison and parole is the best scene!!
10,There is no shortage of actors, stories, direction of development, composition, props, and composition. The title is "Error"...
10,It's my new bar today.  I want to see you again in a few months
10,I thought it was a simple prison escape movie. I watched it, and it's the best The immersion is no joke. There are many famous lines and it's a movie that you have to watch many times.
10,I haven't watched a movie for more than 2 hours since I got a smartphone. I was so into this movie
10,That's a great body, not to mention the body
10,It's the best movie ever. Make sure you watch it
10,A masterpiece that is overrated to give a rating. It recounts the meaning of freedom and hope. In the ending scene, the scene where the two hugs remains deep.
10,A must-see movie.
10,The power of hope? The power of desperation
10,If I watch a movie on TV for a few minutes, is it too grand to say that Tazza and this movie are my life movies?
10,Why Brooks remains in such an afterimage. Although it was not a prison, it was just like me to live in a prison-like daily life, complacent and wasting time.Why am I not enjoying freedom even though I have it. I was building my own prison.
10,It's really fun. Was Tommy the friend who went to take the test? I remember it half-heartedly.
10,It's a great movie.
10,I knew it was a parody, but it's a great movie
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I look at itㅜㅜ
10,I'm so thankful to be able to see such a masterpiece
10,A movie with a perfect score is inevitable...…
8,I'm watching Super Action right now. You're so bad
10,There are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who's seen it once
10,A masterpiece is just a masterpiece regardless of when it was made
10,It's a masterpiece. Why aren't these movies coming out now?
9,It's the best prison movie.
10,An unprecedented movie!
10,☆☆☆☆??? ☆☆☆☆ Good good
10,★★★★.★ Unable to measure score
10,I'm glad I saw you now
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,If you look at it many times, you look back on other characters besides the main character
10,It's so much more fun than movies these days
10,Wow, this is the best movie ever
10,It's the fifth time I see it, but I can feel it's a movie.
10,Make sure to watch it when you are tired or having a hard time. I recommend a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life. I need to keep this
10,I hope everyone can see it
10,A film that is misrepresented simply as a prison escape because of its mistranslated title, but not such a simple subject. Duprein, who wanted to carve out his destiny without giving up hope until the end. Red, who lived in prison, giving up hope. In the end, they are completely saved.
10,Compared to February 17, 2019.
10,This is what a masterpiece is like!,
10,the best movie without words
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece... It's a good movie to watch many times
10,a movie that contains every aspect of life
10,When I see this, I feel like I'm living a decent life, and I'm thankful that I'm not at the bottom. a film of hope
10,When I was in high school, the movie society I watched was gloomy and the house was gloomy, but it was a comforting movie. I think I've watched it 10 times more since then, but I'm moved and fall in love with it every time I watch it.
10,In the last reunion scene, I'm touched even after watching it dozens of times
10,This is always a masterpiece
9,I can't believe it's a really sincere movie
10,The reason why I watch a movie.
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,I'm so touched.
10,"Live a busy life or die a busy life." Someone may listen to my dream and ignore me. However, I believe that I will be able to achieve my dream someday if I live a busy life with hope without being intimidated. Hope is a good thing. It's a great masterpiece.
10,It's the best masterpiece. The best recommendation. The best
10,A movie that can be used as a lifetime movie. I have a DVD and I have watched it for the 12th time in total.
10,Did anyone watch a movie in 2019? I'll give you 10 points. It was an opportunity to start studying banking.
1,Jo Onna is boring. It's not fun
10,I've seen you a couple of times already.Movies that you want to watch after some time
5,Prison with Han Seokgyu is more fun... Boredom itself
10,I can't believe I just saw this.
10,Why did I watch this now? A film that left Brooks' suicide note deep in his heart.
10,I guess you can find happiness only when you are ready to accept it
10,Hope makes a man live
10,Stephen King, the World's Best Storyteller
10,The movie of my life that I can't get tired of
10,It's the greatest movie ever.
10,Brooks was here. So was red... I remember crying so loudly at the ending credit that my mom ran into my room.
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,It's still a masterpiece.
10,The colors and scenery that you can't even cover with CG
10,While searching for a movie with a high rating, I played it without thinking because this movie was number one, but at the end, it gave me so much impression and thought
10,It's the best. What a movie
10,A must-see movie before you die.
10,Importers of OO, I'm going to change the title of this masterpiece
10,I watched this movie for the first time when I was 34 years old. I'm so sorry to see you now. I understand why it is praised as a masterpiece.
10,It's the second time I watched it when I was in the 3rd year of middle school and now, but the movie "Show Shank Escape" is not a difficult movie, but it feels too early for me. I should watch it again after I become an adult.
10,The best. It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,This movie, which I first saw when I was bored in elementary school, was finally able to treat one scene like a gem at the age of 35. I think it's the best movie of my life now.
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I watch it over the years
10,I think I have a good eye for movies, but I don't know if I should
10,I just saw this... ha...
10,If you haven't seen it, please watch it
10,Wow, really... I found myself smiling at the end I got goosebumps.  I hope everyone watches this movie
10,The best movie of my life, 222
10,One of the few movies that is comparable to the first impressions of Titanic
10,Movie that you want to show me early in the morning on January 26, 2019.
10,Movies that you can't get tired of...except for the fact that it's amazing
10,First rating, best movie, Shawshank escape
10,Thank you for making my favorite movie.
9,Fear will lock you up as a prisoner, and hope will set you free!
10,Why was it underrated when it was released?
10,The best movie I've ever seen... And the best movies in the future!
10,the best film that best shows the film's true function
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life that I haven't seen for more than a month. ㅠㅠ
10,The movie that I watch whenever my life is like Shawshank...It strengthens my commitment to life
10,It's the first time I've seen it today after putting it off for the first time today. If your life is hard and you want to die and feel insignificant, make sure to watch this movie. You'll change your mind after you see it. And never give up hope. If the reality is Shawshank, you can escape.
10,If it weren't for Legend Forest Gump, it would have been a great success.
1,No matter how clever you are, you can't score higher than Terminator 2
10,I watched a dream, not a movie
10,I didn't feel bored throughout the movie.
10,The first prison breakout of my life, and the next prison breakout, different emotions and stories
10,I don't know where old movies such as Shawshank Escape and Leon stand out, but they are somewhat different.This is really a movie. I can't put it into words.
10,My Life Movie 1 Forestgump 2 Shawshank 3 If Only
10,There will be people like me who will be touched by this movie a hundred years later, right?
10,It was shown at school and it was so much fun
10,Well, this is fun; take a look. Oh, my mom told me to stop putting out my underwear.
10,What did critics (8.50) comment on?
10,After watching many great movies, I realized how fun this movie is and how it can be wrapped up neatly and leave a lingering impressionIt's a small phone screen, but I focused much deeper than the theater I've seen so far, and when I look at it again, I can see how much I paid attention to the camera arrangement.
10,The best movie of my life. "I saw you at '95 for the first time and now I'm leaving a review..."
9,Wishing for a life of hope
1,The movie "Trembling Boredom" itself is falsely accused of wanting freedom, but the black man next to him was a real murderer, smoking, drinking, pretending to reflect on himself, missing his friend at the end, and wanting to live in prison for 40 years
10,Make sure you watch it. It's the best
10,People who haven't seen it...
10,I just watch it again and again and again and again
10,Go back to first place. It's not a movie to be here
10,A masterpiece has that much reason.
10,That's too bad
10,The last scene made my heart beat faster than anything else. needless words I think it's a masterpiece for no reason.
10,I watched this movie at home when I was 28 years old. I was lethargic and I didn't have any energy these days. Watching this movie, I got hope. I wonder if I can do it.Hope is a really good word
10,Why did I watch it now? linger in one's mind
10,In the past, when I was in the 8th grade, I felt very strange when I first saw it, but now I've seen it properly. I just love the hope.
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.
10,People need to have hope
10,a masterpiece for no reason
8,I almost got bored in between, but I keep looking at it I got goosebumps at the end, but I didn't get goosebumps at all, and it was worth watching at least once.
10,The coolest acting scene!
10,It's a touching movie. I want to watch it again and again
10,A movie with a solid story and everything
10,It's a masterpiece again I have hope
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it(Laughing out loud
10,It's a masterpiece that will remain for a long time
10,At first it seemed boring, and the moment I saw the movie, it all disappeared
10,It's the movie of my life. It still lingers in my heart
10,Best movie of all time.
10,I don't know how many years I've been watching. I watch it once a year every year after year. We'll see each other next year or the next year.
10,I am a student in the department of tax accounting, and the professor showed me after the exam, and I saw it again because it was so complete.
10,You must watch this movie.
10,I finally got to see it crying
10,Hope is a good thing.  Be sure to watch this movie.the real thing.
3,It's just bored... the height of boredom
10,I really liked it I want to recommend it to people around me
10,Bag color Watercolor Bag color Watercolor
10,The perfect movie... There are many masterpieces, but the best movie is one
10,I don't know much about the movie, but I know it's a five-point version.
10,the best film that needs no more than two words
10,Andy Duprein is so cool
10,A movie that doesn't need words.
10,I'm still young, but I'm just grateful that I know these masterpieces even now after the CSAT.
10,The will to hope and freedom. A movie that's so impressive movie. I feel grateful for what I saw at the age of 20.
10,A line review that goes over 10 letters
10,There's no need for words. It's a work of art.
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,I have nothing to say. It's 10 points.
10,I'll just write one thing. Tears welled up in my eyes in the last scene when the two of them faced each other and hugged each other. I think the audience will know the tears I shed, which I couldn't express, even if I don't say it. I think it's the best, more than that.
10,There are many times when I can't remember the story or the ending even after watching it, but I can't forget this movie
6,Maybe it's because I couldn't concentrate on the movie for 2 hours, but it's a good movie  It's just something that came out a long time ago and it's not worth watching
10,The reason why I like movies.
10,잘 됐네.
10,The last lingering feeling is amazing.That's the best
10,When I was in high school, my Korean teacher watched this movie and played it for me in class. I enjoyed it so much that I ended up watching it. I think I've seen it countless times so far. The best movie of my life... The best scene is when the music is playing in prison. It's just that I'm a little...You're the best for me, too
10,Let's put all the guys in jail for 9 points
10,I don't need words.The perfect movie.
10,A movie that doesn't look tacky even now. It lingers for a long time
10,A masterpiece that I saw belatedly... The DA plagiarized this completely.
10,The textbook of the movie industry will be different from the textbook of the movie industry I'm lucky to see this movie
10,It was an impressive movie.
10,"This is a movie."a flawless film
10,Legend of Legend
10,A great movie, okay?
10,It's a happy and refreshing song. It's fun even when you watch it again
10,No matter what anyone says, the best movie of my life
10,Really. It's a great movie.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's time to go to sleep soon. If you watch this movie while changing channels, You're unlucky! You'll be watching the movie until the end without sleeping! Whenever they do it on TV, I watch it until the end. So I think I watched it 20 times The best movie of my life
10,It's the best masterpiece!
10,It's not a forced emotion, but it's like a natural broth made with anchovies and kelp
10,It is a movie that made me dream of escaping day by day under a mean director when I was a 36-year-old team leader at a foreign company.
10,Screenplay, acting, everything is perfect. It's a masterpiece
10,좋은 것은 영원히 죽지 않는다.
10,The best masterpiece and the best movie of my life
1,This kind of movie always escapes people who are dragged in unfairly.  One in ten thousand people in prison
10,The movie of my life movie! The best movie ever!
10,The first place movie in my heart that hasn't changed since the beginning
10,Do you need words? If you like movies, you'll definitely be in the top 5 movies.
10,It's a masterpiece The philosophical implications of life... about life.
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,In 1994, two masterpieces, Forest Gump and Shawshank Escape, were born almost at the same time. I remember watching both episodes at the Myeongbo Theater
10,In the fall of 1994, I watched it 50 times more in videos and cables, keeping it for the rest of my life after I happened to see it when I was a college student. I couldn't sleep because my heart was so full when I left the movie theater at 2 a.m. when it was re-released three years ago.The movie of my life...
10,The best movie of my life...Top
10,Just watch... It's a masterpiece that needs no words
10,It's the second time I've seen you in my life. Awesome... There are more understandable and creepy scenes... The warden himself knows how mentally demanding and terrible prison is, so he didn't want to go to prison, so he committed suicide just before he was arrested.
10,There are only five...
10,Who is this masterpiece? I'm sad that there are no movies like this these days
10,This is absolutely perfect.
10,The best movie of my life. A masterpiece even after a long time
10,No one mentioned Brooks... It was so sad
10,Why did I watch this now? I hope everyone in the world can see it이렇게 I have never seen a movie that leaves such a strong impression.
10,I've seen it like 30 times. When I watch a movie while changing channels, I just stop and watch it.Korean movies have similar memories of murder.
10,The highlight of the show shank escape is from 0 seconds to the end. Hope is good thing.
10,I just saw it. Wow. It was really... It was incredible.
9,The person who watches this movie is possessed by Andy DuPlane
10,I can't believe this kind of movie came out in 1994. I hope you stop filming third-rate movies and go back to your original intentions, not how much the movie attracted, not how much the movie cost, not how much the movie cost, not how much an idol appeared.
10,The freedom I wanted to enjoy cannot be enjoyed without this earnestness... a movie that makes me reflect on myself too much, but the best movie that tells me about life.
10,There's never been a masterpiece like this.
10,Sigh... Even if I watch it several times, I don't know how time flies
10,I want to be someone who looks like Andy
10,It's the best movie. I'm sorry for the audience
10,I was a middle school student at the time, but I felt like I had to watch this movie in school. It was such a masterpiece and a young age, but it was touching itself.
10,The Lord's judgment is near
10,Maybe we're living in Shawshank unknowingly...Maybe he's dreaming of freedom and escape like Tuprain.With a friend like Morgan Freeman...
10,Hope is a good thing.
2,Isn't it too much to break a thick steel pipe with only stones? Or was it a stone coffin in those days?
10,It's coming out on TV right now and I've watched it 15 times, but I can't turn it to another channel... A movie that touches my heart every time I watch it
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's a great movie. There are a lot of things that I feel from the lines.
10,A movie that's always fun
10,This is a must-see movie
9,The last count will not be forgotten. The story of numerous famous scenes that are still parodied and the horrific homosexual sexual assault in prison. I was very shocked.
10,I watched it at home, and as soon as the movie started, I got goosebumps. Even though it was a long movie for more than two hours, it was not boring at all and it was fun even though it was only in prison. It must be touching, art, and masterpiece beyond fun.
10,The first thing that comes to mind when you hear the word "movie"... A movie that lacks the formula for greatness
10,The last hug of the movie, the thrill of freedom ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I was very impressed and enjoyed watching it.
10,I think it's been 20 years since I've seen it again, but I'm getting a tsunami of emotion
10,A movie that you must watch in your life
10,No matter how many times I see it, it lingers. The best movie of my life
10,A must-see movie if you're an Earthman
10,If you haven't seen a masterpiece, make sure to watch it
10,A movie that leaves a strong impression.
10,one of the greatest masterpieces in film history
10,Perfect movie material / interest / immersion / atmosphere / ending / acting / everything!inaccessible
10,I think I can even get 10 points for this. Even if you watch it again, it's a movie.
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's a masterpiece that gave me so much joy because I was tired of entertainment and love movies recently. I don't know why I cried at the ending scene without realizing it. It's definitely a life movie that will linger
10,난들 어쩌겠어.
10,What was cool about Andy was that he wasn't just a child, but he was conscious of reality and pursued hope in a planned way.
10,I can see why people pick it as their favorite movie. Not comparable to modern movies
10,It's amazing that a movie like this was made 26 years ago.
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,Please re-release it.
10,My favorite movie in my life...
8,put one's heart in one's mouth
8,The Creator of the Survival Film Cliché
10,May the Pacific Ocean be as blue as my dream.
10,Change the channel. If you watch it, you'll watch it again until the end.Even though I've seen it dozens of times...
10,It's amazing that Stephen King's original novel was so brilliantly put on the screen. I think I've seen it more than 10 times since I was young, but it's new and reinterpreted every time I see it. It must be a movie that shines more value over time.
10,The fact that this movie didn't win the Academy Award for Best Picture will remain a stain on the Academy Film Festival
10,I think I know why the movie of my life is a masterpiece.  I've been replaying it for days
10,You didn't watch this movie? Go watch it right now
10,Freedom, hope, friendship. That's the best
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I really cried after watching it I was so impressed
10,I was born in 1996, but the age that I couldn't see at the movie theater was the first movie I felt sorry for. I think I've seen it 30 times by myself. It's a masterpiece.crying
10,Ah really, the movie that was never boring until the end of the movie! Best movie in my hand!
10,No movie can surpass this movie in 100 years
10,Thank you for making this movie.
10,Crazy. I can't believe I'm watching my life movie now.I think it will make me have a turning point in the rest of my life.
10,The best movie of my life that I admire every time I watch it on TV
10,Masterpiece, the greatest movie of life
10,When I was watching this movie, my parents explained the plot in detail, saying it was a masterpiece. The storyline made me cry and the movie was impressive. After that, I watched this movie whenever I had a hard time. But I will watch it for the 5th time
10,Once you're on TV, you're going to be out of your mindLOL I see at least twice a year.
10,A movie that you must watch at least once in your life
10,The best movie of my life. I'll go back to sleep again
10,a film that makes one feel grateful to be alive
10,Life movie~ There are many interesting movies, but few movies are so touching and lingering
10,I woke up and turned the channel around and won the movie again. I even memorized the lines how many times I watched this movie, but once I watched it, I watch it until the end There is no need for words. . .
10,I don't even remember how many times I watched it, but the moment I watched the rerun on TV, I found myself automatically watching it. I felt like I had found my true freedom after watching the ending. The ending lingers for too long
10,I think it's one of the best movies on earth.
10,It's the best. The best movie...
10,The afterglow is strong.Who just saw it?
10,Just watch it. Please watch it. You'll regret it if you don't
10,23 years later, it's a masterpiece that touches my heart even when I look at it again!There's no need for words.♡
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life
9,This is called a masterpiece.It's been 2 hours and 20 minutes.
10,This kind of movie has 10 points.  People's movie ratings are too high
10,It's fun even now. If I do it on Channel CGV, I always watch it.
10,It's my favorite movie I think I'll be able to cherish every moment of my life, what true freedom is
10,The Preciousness of the Best Film Freedom of the Best Film
10,Whether you live a busy life or die a busy life,
10,Life, pain, hope, freedom, friends, a movie that allowed me to think about all the criteria for myself.
10,I don't know... I really don't know what to say
10,When NAVER gives 1 point to 1 point, they have to explain the reason in detail I don't understand this movie isn't 10 points
10,I had to sleep, but I couldn't because I was going to watch it again
10,아주 좋아요!
10,A masterpiece of life. I watch it whenever I need a motive.
10,I watched it again after 20 years, and it's a masterpiece! A movie that anyone should watch at least once!!
10,I, like Andy, have a strong hope
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
10,This is fun even if you watch it three times
10,I keep seeing it... I keep seeing you. Top
10,I want to live with Andy's mindset.
10,What is 'freedom'?
10,I want to erase the memory of seeing this
10,Even though he was released from prison at the end, Red kept looking around at the stone wall and saw the detailed directing of the letter, which gave him goosebumps until the end.I think this will be the first and last movie that lingers after listening to the ending credit songcrying
10,It's not 10 points. It's a movie I want to
4,It's a lot more boring than I thought because I was looking forward to it.Also, it is difficult to immerse yourself in the movie because it is a 90s movie because it is very different from modern movies.While playing Go, I lost Go and the movie was not fun. It was a good movie.
10,The top 3 movies I've seen
10,It seems to be the best movie ever, along with Titanic, which is really touching and thrilling
10,When I first saw this movie, I was a young man in my 20s. And now I'm in my 50s middle-aged. Of course, when I was in my 20s, 30s, 40s... Also, I've watched it more than 10 times in total. I'm not sure when that will be, but I'll probably continue to see it until I die.
10,People were more scary than ghosts.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,A movie I want to watch again. Even though it's been so long. What do you mean sophisticated?
10,The best! Why did I watch this now?
10,My favorite movie is so good. You must watch the movie
10,It's a masterpiece!  It's the movie of my life movie.  I pray that you live without losing hope at any moment.
10,It's the best movie of my life. I watched it more than 20 times. I definitely recommend this movie.
10,The best movie of my life. It's a masterpiece movie that you can't help but watch until the end when you watch it while changing the TV channel. I've seen it countless times, but I'm touched every time I see it. The best movie of all time.
10,Self-portrait of our society. Shawshank is an army, Shawshank is a company. We are still dreaming of escape.
10,It's a movie that can't give less than 10 points
10,Best movie of my life... Best movie of my life... The best movie of my life... Wow... It's a masterpiece.
10,"Hope is a good thing."
10,If you're thinking about whether to watch it or not, make sure to watch it.It doesn't look funny, but it's funny. And every line is a famous line
10,This should be in the top ranks. It's a masterpiece
10,The first movie you look for when you're tired of life. Thanks to you, I think I've seen it 30 times so far. Every time I watch a moving movie... You have to live with hope once again
10,Crazy... Don't hesitate to watch it. Please
10,The well-organized story and even the small worries about humans are fun.
10,Don't make me emotional.
10,It's touching. Seriously.
10,It doesn't make sense. This movie still brings me a lot of lingering feelings.
10,I will write what I felt after watching this movie every year. Every year, my feelings will change, and that's enough to make me watch this movie
10,There's never been a movie like this in my life
10,The best movie that is fun to watch from any point
10,The most impressive last scene.
10,I'll cherish it and finally watch the first movie I watched today...As soon as I went up to the ending credit, I kept clapping ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that makes me feel sorry that the highest rating I can give you is a rattle 10. A perfect movie
10,The best movie of my life... the few films that are better than the original
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's a masterpieceㅠㅠ!
10,The best prison break since Papillon!
10,Freedom of hope. I'm not crying because I'm sad. I'm thankful for the movie that made me shed tears of emotion
10,No matter how many times I watch it, I get 5 stars.
10,No one will give this movie a score of 9 points.
10,I was so touched after watching the healing movie.
10,The best movie story, the best acting and directing. Still not old at all
10,I wish it would be re-released.I'm going to watch it again
10,No one can stop you from longing for freedomLike my friend who made me change my mind, if I watch this movie again, I hope I can get back to this grade :)
10,A must-see movie if you're an Earthman
10,My favorite American movie
10,우와... 좋아... 전설...
10,- "There was also Red."
10,In a word, I don't need any more words
10,It's hard to judge, but I raise my mind timidly.
10,I think I've seen it 30 times. He has the power to stay tuned
10,It's a movie that makes my heart ache. I'm glad to see you again
10,I think I can do it if you tell me to watch this all week
10,I don't know why I'm seeing it now, but I'm happy to see it now
10,This is a story of hope
10,A valuable movie that makes you feel and learn new things every time you watch it
10,Story, tension, twist, everything is the best movie
10,Whenever I think about it, the best movie of my life lingers in my mind and I still cry
10,Sometimes I switch channels, and even if I happen to watch it, I watch it until the end. I know everything, but I get emotional and moved every time I see it.This is the movie of my life. I think there's no movie that can match the directing skills.
10,The only movie I can watch more than 20 times. You can watch it 100 times more in your lifetime.
10,I found my favorite movie.
10,a masterpiece that will go down in history
10,It's the best movie that's thrilling and creepy
10,My favorite movie... Hope is a good thing
9,I don't watch old movies, but I watched them all. I recommend watching them when you have time
10,There is no scene to miss from start to finish.
10,Do you need words?; It's a masterpiece that's meaningless in evaluating
9,It's just that I'm looking forward to it because it's known so much. It's a masterpiece if you didn't know
10,It was a movie of my life that I enjoyed watching every moment. I really regret watching this movie now. This is a movie that you can't get enough of. The last scene is really unforgettable.
10,The best movie of my life. Every time I watch it, I feel touched. I think I've seen it more than 10 times.
10,A Perfect Life Movie (((())
10,When I was in elementary school, I was dozing off behind my brothers. I didn't remember at all, but I finally watched the movie. Oh, I can't forget Andy's roaring scene and the last scene. Applause to Andy for planning and working so hard for such a long time.Applause to Andy, who crawled out of the sewer throwing up 450m.not a waste of time
10,I enjoyed watching it. I'm willing to watch it again
10,If you watch this movie, you face life in prison that you can't escape from the fact that it's going to be the best movie of your life.
10,It's a good movie for people who live in lock-up. It was impressive to see him living in SuOO Kim Ok and being tamed by his life and afraid of being released.Trying to escape the prison of mind.
10,The best movie in history, which lacks and lacks the praise of the best, contains everything in life.
10,As long as mankind exists, this movie will not be forgotten
10,Why does it feel different every time I see it?I can't turn the channel over on EBS, so I watched it until the end. I don't know how many times I watch it.
10,The best movie ★ I think I watched it 10 times.Miss you again ♥~~
10,It's a masterpiece. It's touching
10,I found a new life movie.
7,Because of the title, all Korean fans have to be forced to see it. Korean foreign currency translators level lol
10,I haven't seen you in a while. It's the best movie ever. Without realizing it, tears...crying
10,Life in prison for being framed as a wife murder.In prison, bringing hope and dreams to justice and prisoners, he went to the little world he wanted... With Red on parole. I feel happier and more proud to see them reunite at the end
10,I think I've seen it 30 times. It's the best movie ever.
10,I want to buy eyes that I haven't seen. I want to see you again.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't stop watching until the end no matter how many times you watch it. Top 5 movies of my life.
10,It's a magical movie where you always watch the ending when you change the channel
10,Why can't I get sick of this?
10,It's fun that can't be expressed in words. A masterpiece forever
10,Stop channeling, watch again, watch again, and search storm after new feeling again
10,How terrible it is to be tamed in a cage.No hope, no freedom, no way to fly life lost life. It's scary to be tamed. (Although it's a good thing that the fox is talking in the Little Prince)
10,My life movie... It's on EBS today, but I watched it until the end.I've seen it more than 20 times, but I'm so moved and thrilled.명 This is why masterpieces are masterpieces.
10,When I saw him in 1995, I felt like my heart was sinking. I just happened to see tears on EBS today. Red's monologue, which leads the movie all the time, touches my heartstrings in line with my current reality. Maybe we live in our own society in our own Shawshank.
10,It is the best of all the movies.
10,A movie that gives you a lot of enlightenment about life!
10,Every line comes into my heart...Hope is a ray of light that anyone can have   It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece movie!
10,I saw it on EBS. I'm reminded of the aftertaste of that time. The lingering emotions of the past 20 years...
10,The perfect movie in the top five of my life,
10,I can't call this movie a masterpiece.It's a masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch it again. It's a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that doesn't lose value over time
10,It was a movie that made me realize that the best movie of my life was never bad. I think that time has come beautifully because I just wanted freedom, like the end
10,This is a masterpiece. About hope
10,What else can you say besides the best movie of your life?
10,A movie 20 years ago. I feel a lot of things even when I watch it again.
10,It's a masterpiece. I'm sure you can relate to this feeling after watching this movie
10,....,..., "The movie of my life that I have to see if I need words."
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,I'm surprised again that it's a 1994 movie
10,Hope is good, Red... It never disappears.
10,I'm sure you've all seen it close to 10 times
10,The director told me to open the door, but the boldness and bravery of playing the music louder was the best! I feel sorry for Andy, but he's desperate, so it's made into a more interesting movie.This movie shows a lot of things... When I see it, I realize something new. It's a great movie
9,Excellent movie! What is human?
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,It's one of the best movies of my life.
10,The best movie I've seen over and over again
10,I watched it when I was young, but I can't forget it
6,It feels like glorifying criminals.Andy is guilty but Red is a criminal.Hope without clear evidence of enlightenment?The complaint is also a criminal, but it is uncomfortable because it is treated as suicide and the false accusations are not completely resolved. What about his missing 19 years?Hope in such an unreasonable society?
10,"Hope is a good thing"
10,I can't get enough of masterpieces
10,As a child of thought, I can't shake off my heartburn after watching this movie
10,My cat was watching so hard. I thought I should put a picture of Russian Blue on the wall.
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it...
10,I'm a freshman in high school, but my mom and aunt like it. I watch it because my calm voice and expression are perfect and not stimulating. I think it's a movie that I need to watch again I understand why getting rained on is so famous It's a perfect representation of Andy who got his freedom I really want to recommend it
9,A movie that gives you hope!
10,Why did you watch this movie now? It's a masterpiece
10,You made me log in. It's my favorite movie
10,That's pathetic. I'm 29 years old and I just watched this movie--
10,It cheers me up when life is hard and I want to give up. I'm 27 years old now, and if it's a new challenge, I'm starting a new start abroad, but I've been confused because I wonder if it's too late. But it's a movie that didn't give in to reality and held hope
10,I hope you watch an amazing movie.
10,Hope is a good thing. Endie-
10,It's been 20 years since I saw this masterpiece
10,I watched thousands of movies.  If I were to choose the three most memorable movies among them, I would choose this movie first.
10,Hope is worth it.
10,Ugh, I came out 9 months before I was born
10,It's the best! It's the best
10,If this movie is not a perfect score, no movie I've ever seen can be a perfect score
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,I keep it and watch it when I think of it, but after work, I bring a couple of bottles of beer (must only be bottled beer) and watch it only in the evening.When the movie ends, I get emotional and can't do anything else that day.I have nothing more to say.
10,I realized after watching this movie again in the army. The movie of my life...
10,It's the movie of my life. The blue seaㅠㅠ
10,Would he have kept the script as well as the video? A new moving movie every time I watch it
10,I watched it 20 times, 30 times, and the number of views becomes meaningless. If you just change the channel and connect it, you will naturally watch the ending scene of the blue beach.
10,내가 본 영화 중에 최고예요.
10,Hope is a good thing It never disappears. The movie is the best... a masterpiece
10,It was more fun to watch Shawshank Escape while watching commercials on TV than most movies in the theater
10,The movie that allowed me to move forward
10,I watched this movie when I was a middle school student and it felt like I watched a work of art for 2 hours.
10,Andy and the prisoners drinking beer while painting tar on the rooftop. It was the most pleasant scene of all the movies and scenes I've ever seen.
10,The movie that made me think a lot last night
10,A movie like the navigation of my life that I watch whenever I have a hard time
10,A movie that looks back on my life
10,Best Foreign Film of My Life
10,The lingering feeling doesn't go away easilyIt's a masterpiece that I regret watching. The best movie of my life
10,How dare I evaluate.
10,Hope is everywhere Endlessly yearn for it
10,It was like being hit with a hammer and hope will take you to a better place‥
10,Please re-release it ㅠ I want to see a movie theater on a big screen ㅠㅠ That's awesome. This is... It's been a long time since I saw a movie that lingers afterwards. When I was a kid, I was sick of it, but when I became an adult, I really... I can't express it in words
10,A movie that you must watch once in your life
10,I watched it on 20OOO, but it is the best movie of my life
10,It struck me again how great the hope he kept saying was
10,Watching this movie, I can't believe it's 22 years old. I can't tell you how touched I am. It was the most perfect movie in the world for me, a high school senior, to watch ahead of the entrance exam.
10,a thrilling masterpiece
10,It's a boring movie, but there's no time to be bored.
10,The one who lived while stepping on the sky to the present.Whatever genre you like, watch and be silent. I am afraid that the moment I bring up my appreciation in the language, I will devalue my feelings on my own.
10,The reason why a masterpiece is called a masterpiece.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you watch the ending credit
9,It's been 15 years since I've seen it again, and the feelings I get don't change over time
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
8,My rating is harsh. Trust 1 point for garbage and filter it out. I can see no brain, but I can't see anything more than 3 points and up to 5 points. 7 points are fine. 9 points or more is probably hard to see
10,"I should've died here"... Hoo... It's like I'm watching my life. I'm upset.
9,It's the best movie I've ever seen after being recommended. This movie really impressed me.
10,I want to show my kids and see how they react
10,두려움은 당신을 포로로 잡아둘 수 있다. 희망은 당신을 자유롭게 할 수 있다.
10,There is hope in the right direction of life.
10,My heart is full.Hope? No one can take it away.
8,Is this what true freedom is like?
10,It's worth watching.
10,It's so fun. Every time Red says the word Hope on the bus after he finds the letter, he gets emotional. It's really fun and the best movie!
10,I know how many times I've watched it. I can't understand even one part of it
10,You have to sit down and watch this movie as if you're worshiping someone
10,I can't believe a movie that's over 20 years old can resonate this much
10,Best movie, touching moments are added
10,The movie that made me find myself living freely but without hope
10,If you watch it 100 times and watch it again, it's as interesting as the first time
10,While changing channels, if this movie is on, you will definitely watch it until the end. It's touching every time I see it.
10,a film that resonates a film that makes one think of hope
10,I want to go back to my young self and tell them. Don't do that... And it was only when I got older that I was able to get out of bondage. It's definitely a movie that makes you think of a lot of things. And I feel relieved and clap!
10,Live or die somehow
10,It's so well-made that I wonder if there's a movie like this these days. If you change the channel as much as Show Shank Escape, there's no movie you can watch until the end. Well-made for Freedom and Hope
10,Even if I watch it again and again on TV, I'll watch it again.I think it's the best movie in my life
10,I think I know why you live. It lingers in my mind. Thank you for giving me hope
10,Wow... It's a really immersive movie
10,How many times do I watch it? I'm touched even if I keep watching it
10,I'm tired of life or I'm in agony right nowI hope you look back on yourself while watching this movie at the interview "Hope is a good thing" line still makes my heart flutter after watching this movie eight times
10,If I'm changing channels, I'll definitely watch it.
10,a maiden supervising a group of soldiers
10,It was great.I don't think it's a 90's movie that doesn't leave out acting and content.
10,Looking at the ratio of one point to this movie, I think it is right to say that 5% of all humans are psychopaths.
8,It wasn't such a big movie for me. It was fun.
10,There is no need for words. This is the movie
8,Abroad, we have a prison or confinement hell We need to know there's hell in the neighborhood
10,I cried for a long time after the movie It's the most touching and fun movie I've ever seen
10,It's a really well-made movie
10,I came here to give you stars because all sorts of movies kept going up on "God Shank Escape".
10,When I went to the last scene, I couldn't speak for a long time with my mouth open. It was so dazzling.
10,10 points? This is 20 points.
10,a well-organized film with fun and lessons
10,When someone asks what a life movie is, they must say three things: Shawshank Escape, Dead Poets Society, and Three Idiots
10,There was a time when I craved something.
10,There seem to be many masterpieces among American films from the 90s. This work is also a masterpiece that needs no words.
10,There is no need to say. The best movie of my life movie.
9,I think it is a movie that is necessary for life.However, I think too much hope will be too much of a setback.I'm not criticizing this movie, but the reality may be different...I think it is a movie that we should watch at least once in our lives and want to show to people these days
10,I can make such a great work without the new wave or forced emotion that comes out of Korean movies. Korea's film industry seems to be far from being a minority. I'm so jealous of America for making such a perfect movie
10,It's a masterpiece.needless words
10,Best movie of my life! Best masterpiece.
10,It's touching. It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,My favorite movie... From story to background music, there's nothing missing
10,Thank you, thank you. Thank you for making this movie so that I can watch it.
10,There's no need for words.Every time I come out on the cable, I am mesmerized.
10,My life has become a turning point, divided into before and after watching this movie.
10,Thank you for watching a movie like this.
10,I didn't watch this movie until I was 30 years old, but it still lingers! Hope is a good thing!
10,The pinnacle of my life.
10,I just watched it because my mom told me to watch it. It became a masterpiece of my life
10,걸작
10,Wow... It's my favorite movie
10,Whether you live a busy life or die a busy life,
10,What words are needed. Look.
10,Nonsense movie ㅜㅜ There is a reason why it is a movie of many people's lives.
10,Good job. It's a movie that leaves a lingering impressionably
10,the pinnacle of film history What is freedom?
10,This movie is not a movie
10,a movie with the thrill of being touched more than anything else
10,I watched it again today.Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman's performances are overwhelming.I realized again how precious freedom is to be walking on the street.
10,You can't complain if you're at the top of every movie
10,My favorite movie...Life's masterpiece... Make sure to watch it!
10,The title was a spoiler ㅠㅠI'm impressed that Brooks and Red have the same line, but one is desperate and one is hopeful A movie that wasn't boring for two hours! I recommend it
10,It's already the 11th time. I want to see this kind of movie againㅠㅠ Jihoo Athens Lake~~~~
10,It shows that life is a movieThe star of life is yourself
2,I'll make it better than this. It's a smelly movie. It's dirty to be friends with black people
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you focus no matter how many times you watch it
10,It's been 25 years since I made it, but it's not tacky. A true masterpiece seems to be getting more and more impressive over the years
10,It was one of the few impressive movies
10,a film of film quality It was a pity that the sword was swept away.
10,I can't help but give you stars Interstellar and Shawshank escape... to become a movie of one's life
10,Perfect structure. Everything is perfect
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,If I could watch only one movie in my life, I would choose this movie without any worries.
10,The rating is meaningless...
10,The whole plot of this movie exists for the final scene.
10,희망은 좋은 것이지 나쁜 것이 아니다.
10,The ending scene of the last full screen is really heartbreaking.
10,It's one of Stephen King's masterpieces, so I pretended to be fooled and watched it... even at my age of 17... There's no way to express it.
10,The best movie of all time, everything is perfect
10,My hobby is watching movies. The movie that gave me that hobby
10,Mr. Zihuatanejo.
10,Fear will lock you up as a prisoner, and hope will set you free.
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words. A true masterpiece
10,My uncle doesn't watch a lot of movies, but the movie that he said was memorable
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it three times
10,a production that meets all the conditions of a film, including directing, screenwriting, and acting
10,Yesterday, I watched a movie channel broadcast for the first time in a long time.I watched it from the middle part, but I was immersed in it until the end. Whenever I do a rerun, I watch it without knowing how time goes by.This is a masterpiece
10,It's calm, but it conveys a calmness.
10,Wow, it's just in my heart
10,A film without a shadow of doubt.
10,I just saw it again on OCN. The red narration is so artistic
10,Need words? I've watched it more than 30 times
2,What prison walls are you turning into?
10,Hell Joseon 10 million movies, come at me lol, you can't beat me if you can't beat that LOL Are you teasing me?
10,It's a great movie no matter how many times I watch it
10,Movies that you must watch and movies that you want to watch again
10,두려움은 당신을 포로로 잡을 수 있다.
10,나도 그랬으면 좋겠어
10,Do you need a word? It's Shawshank escape
10,I don't need a legend
10,It would have been boring if I saw Seulbang after watching this
9,a hunger for freedom
10,A movie that I watched hundreds of millions of times because it was so good
10,1. Shawshank Escape 2. Notebook 3. Titanic Life Movie
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,No words needed. Best movie ever
10,One of the few movies that memorizes the main character's name. Andy Duprein
10,Hope, freedom, happiness, all seem to be relative. Just as the result of Brooks and Andy's freedom was different,
10,I watched it again and it is the best movie of my life. American society is not easy ㅠㅠ
10,The result of time and pressure brings freedom
10,It's a masterpiece... I think I'll keep thinking about it
10,The best movie of my life. leave a lingering impression
10,I'm a test taker who was born in 2000. I've heard the name, but it's my first time watching a movie. I think it's an incredible movie beyond words. I have never seen such a fresh shock in my 19 years of life.
10,It's a textbook for movies
10,....the movie of my life...10 characters
10,I finished watching the movie. I just lost what to say. Nothing comes to mind.
10,The best movie that showed the slow change of color is not as urgent and flashy as movies these days, so it is real
10,I can't get enough of it even if I watch it 20 times. It's not even tacky. It's my first time seeing a movie that I want to watch again and again.
10,Just look. Don't whine!
10,I watched a good movie well.
10,I wondered what would be fun about this old movie, but it became my life movie
1,The best movie of all time
10,I'm not tired of watching it 20 times
10,I couldn't watch it because it was sold out at the Korean Theater in 1995, but I watched it for the first time on video. I think I watched it 20 times more A masterpiece of masterpieces. What more do we need to say?
10,The movie of my life movie. It'll be a life movie for everyone
10,A movie that gives you great courage when you're having a hard time.
10,Great movie. Red believed he was right, but he proved Andy wrong lol I think it's a great movie.
10,I don't need to say anything. It's just the best
1,The title says everything. Spoiler
10,It's a really fun and masterpiece. Make sure you watch it
10,Out of all the masterpiece... It's fun, so just watch it
10,I couldn't get out of it for a long time
10,No.1 with a reason. No.1 with a reason.
10,As soon as I saw it, I was convinced that it was No. 1 on IMDB movie
1,Is this a movie? Give it to the dog
10,A tremendous scheme, a powerful message in it...
10,There is no need for words.
10,It's my favorite movie. I watch it again and again when I'm bored. The last scene is touching
10,How dare I judge this movie?It's a masterpiece recommended by a friend three years ago, but I just passed by and remembered it and now I'm 25 years old. I'm grateful to my friend
10,If you haven't watched it yet, make sure to watch it
10,A real masterpiece is a masterpiece, becoming one of the best movies of my life
10,It's one of my favorite movies.Really good
7,A movie that's honestly overrated, but definitely needs to be watched.
1,Gossip and infidelity are based on Christian criticism, and sex-drip and gay appear in the middle of the movie It's money and violence that sanction this. The end leads to suicide.
10,What is true freedom?
10,I got goosebumps after watching the movie
10,Let's be true to life, let's not lose hope
10,It's a masterpiece. I can't describe it in words
10,We can go wherever we want. If you don't doubt the hope and move on...
10,the best film beyond description
10,Masterpiece, masterpiece, masterpiece, masterpiece
9,I can see why it's a movie that a lot of people admit and talk all the time and time again
10,Best movie ever again. It's a movie that was made a long time ago, so it's more emotional and lingering
10,The best move!There is no need for words. A movie that reminds you of the supporting actors
10,Personally, I want to make a poster of the last scene where Red and Andy meet and hang it in the room.
10,What this movie is about is "hope
10,A movie that makes me think a lot. It's like a movie that makes you realize how great it is to trust yourself until the end and not give up.
10,It's different depending on my age.
10,The best masterpiece!
10,The best movie... We'll see
10,There's really no need for words.
10,It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece Make sure you watch it
2,I don't know why this is the best movie.
10,It's crazy. You won't get tired of watching it five times in a row
10,The best movie of my life...
10,23rd episode is over. Let's take a look at it's over
10,Someone asked me, "What's the best movie for you?" I say, "The Shawshank Escape."
10,A movie that leaves a deep impression.It was a grateful movie
10,I didn't expect much, but I was immersed in it. It's the best
10,This is a real movie. a movie of one's life
10,쇼생크 구제
10,There is a reason why it is called a masterpiece.
10,Movie of my life. I think I've seen it dozens of times.
9,It is a work that leaves hope.
1,an obvious ending to an obvious story A representative movie that shows that Naver's rating is unbelievable.
10,I hope it was a good movie.
10,나는 이 걸작을 너무 늦게 알았다.난 여기 있었다.
10,The movie that I recommend first when I recommend a masterpiece or life movie to the younger members
10,It's different from what I saw when I was young and what I see now. It's a movie that doesn't compare
10,I logged in for the first time in my life to write a GPA.Yes, this movie is my life movie.
10,Literally, the movie of my life...
10,It was the best movie of my life.
10,Touching, touching... a movie that touches one's heart
10,It's the best movie
10,I'm reporting my nickname to a movie masterpiece
10,It's the best masterpiece Watch it twice. Watch it ten times lol
10,I think it's just a crazy movie
10,All I could think was that it was amazing
10,At least the greatest movie in the world
10,You look like Nam Joo's DiCaproo
10,a masterpiece ....and...
10,I think it's a movie that makes me think a lot. It sounds good.
10,Even if the situation is bleak and trapped, life with its essence, that is the true attitude of life
10,Thank you for watching this movie quickly.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,While watching recent movies, I thought that my emotions were so dry as I could not shed a tear, but I couldn't help but cry when I saw the last scene of Shawshank's escape. How dare I evaluate this movie? I'm just thankful for the movie
10,so what red..
10,A movie that will make you remember that hope is a good thing forever
10,It was released before I was born, but when I did it on TV, I stopped the channel and watched it again and again.
10,A masterpiece doesn't care about the times! It's the best masterpiece of my life!
9,Life changes when you see it. It's boring but meaningful.
10,The best movie of my life...Freedom comes to those who never let go of hope!
10,It was the best movie ever. It still lingers...
10,a masterpiece among masterpieces There are many interesting movies, but not many movies I want to recommend to my children, but "Show Shank Escape" is a masterpiece I want to show my children.
10,I hope there are more people who live with hope in reality and more people who see the light through hope.I felt that the furthest distance in the world was between hope and despair.
1,It's so much fun. I want to do horoscope terrorists
10,I can't think of a movie that can surpass this movie
8,Whether you live a busy life or die a busy life,
10,What more do you need to say? A must-see movie in your life
10,You have to watch this. Every year
10,The movie of my life that I have to watch...You can watch it two or three times
10,This is the movie of my favorite movie. Even if you watch it dozens of times again, it makes your heart cry.  I recommend it to the new generation who haven't seen this masterpiece yet.
10,I should watch Patriot Day 5 times and this 15 times
10,the best film of all time
10,Oh, I can't believe this is happening in prison.I was impressed
10,My heart was full as the ending approached.
10,Let's not try to judge any more.
10,The freedom to sit down and watch movies and the hope to dream of what I want to do are important and they are a great source of vitality in our lives and I am so grateful for this free environment
9,It's a masterpiece that will remain in this generation.
10,It is the best movie I have ever seen since I was born 5 years before I was born.
10,After watching the movie, I understood why the rating was 9.88. It was great.
10,A great masterpiece. A movie that will go down in history
10,It's the best movie of my life. The best
10,I'm honored that this movie exists in my time.
10,It was a movie where I was hit on the head with a hammer. It's a must-see movie.
10,Tell me how to make a movie
10,Wow, this is the best movie of my life. The end
10,The best movie you can watch until the end when you inadvertently turn on the TV channel
10,Why can't we make this kind of movie?
10,I watched it twice in a row.
9,Such movies are rare these days.
10,The best movie of my life~ The best movie I've seen more than 20 times^^
10,I think I find hope in life by watching this movie when my life is tired and hard
10,an amazing film with a real aftereffect
10,I don't usually give a rating after watching a movie, but I really want to share this movie with others. Please take a look and I hope it was an opportunity for everyone to think about freedom and the fear of being tamed, power and class.
10,Do you need a word? Three bottles of beer is the end
10,I respect you for 19 years It's one of the best five movies of my life.
10,It's so cool. I'd appreciate it if I could watch it again
10,Hope is a good thing.Little courage wriggles.
10,You just did it again on TV...I was so jealous when Red became a real free man on the bus
10,It's truly the best movie. I always feel good whenever I see it.If there's anyone around you who hasn't watched it, you want to hold onto it and show it.
10,A true masterpiece...
10,I was complacent and thought I couldn't do it, but I don't think so I'm glad I've seen this movie now
10,It was really good to see a movie that I knew only the title for the first time today. In the last scene, I felt the joy of gaining freedom together.
10,I just saw it for the first time, and it's a masterpiece.Make sure to watch it
10,He who is freed from fear is a true free man.
10,I know why it's a masterpiece. This is because I felt the same emotion whether I saw it when I was young or when I grew up.
10,a wordless film of life
10,The first movie that comes to mind if I were to talk about 10 movies of my life
10,Wow, it's a masterpiece that makes me speechless
10,I hope I can cross the border safely.I hope to meet my friend and shake hands.I hope the Pacific Ocean is as green as I saw in my dream.I hope.
10,I'm so glad that I can watch this movie
10,The best movie of my life is so touching
10,The last scene where Red and Andy were reunited and moved away.I still can't forget...The best masterpiece that will last 10 or 20 years.
10,I'm a high school student who just saw this masterpiece todayI've never cried while watching a movie, but the last scene made me cryThere are not many movies that I have seen yet, but I think I will say the movie that influenced me the most is Shawshank Escape
10,It's just a masterpiece. No need to explain
10,Don't watch weird Korean movies and watch things like this. It won't even be comparable
10,Top of top. Legendary.
10,It's just amazing. A movie I've been holding my breath for two and a half hours
10,I really lost track of time and watched my favorite movie
1,It's a bit boring. It was a good movie,
10,Wow... I can see why you call it the greatest movie ever.
9,Title. Spoiler. It's too much
10,It was a movie that I happened to watch because I played it at school today, and I thought I could never see such a masterpiece in my life. A moving and moving movie.
10,진정한 자유!!
10,The best! The best! You're the best!
1,If you just did that, you can't like me just because everyone likes me
1,An elite white man who is innocent is a prisoner, inspires and impresses sinful, ignorant homosexuals, guards, and blacks, helps the highest authority to cheat and enjoy all kinds of preferential treatment in prison, destroys correctional facilities, breaks away from prison, and lives luxuriously with the money he has accumulated
10,I'm horrified that there are poor people who have no eye for such masterpieces and cannot be moved and felt. What do I usually watch and enjoy? Movies made up of only stimulating elements? There is a serious lack of perspective on the movie
10,It was a relief to see you at a late age when you needed to
10,Andy's happy appearance as he tells the prisoners of Figaro's marriage remains more touching than any other movie scene. When I was young, I fell in love with acting for the first time while watching a movie, and I recognized for the first time that it was the impression of an actor. This alone is a masterpiece for me.
10,I saw him the day before he was discharged from the army. I changed it to Kakao Talk profile show shank escape. Oh, that's right. It's so much fun to watch with GFRIEND!
10,It was the best movie of my life. I hope you watch it no matter what
10,I'm glad I saw it nowlol
10,I really cried when I sat down at the end. It's a movie that deserves the best ending
10,Lake Jiwatane, the place where time stays
10,I remember that I saw Stephen King's novel 20 years ago and made a movie, and I still remember my pledge to go to Jihuatineo.  I loved Tim Robbins so much when he was a teenager, but as time passed, Jacob's Sadiri
10,There is no need for words. This is because there is no expression to contain any words.
10,It's a good thing that I'm still watching this movie, which is 10 out of 10.
10,For the first time in my life, I want more people to watch this movie
10,I've never seen a movie more than twice, but I've seen it more than three times for the first time in my life
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,Sound director sadly missed the award ㅜㅜ
1,I saw it in 2017.It's just an old movie
10,Is there another movie like this? I can't believe I've seen such a masterpiece now. I can't help but leave a rating because I'm sorry. This movie will remain a real masterpiece in 2020 and 2030.
10,I lost track of time and watched it. The ending makes me feel sad. I will live without losing hope
10,역대 최고!!!
10,Masterpiece! Masterpiece! Masterpiece! Masterpiece!
9,Do you need words? The last bitterness is really...
10,Wow, why did I watch it so late? It's so much fun. from beginning to end
10,Why is this movie always number one? I think it's because it's a life like a movie
8,It was a movie that I only heard about a masterpiece, but I finally watched it. There is a reason for the movie that many people say is a masterpiece. I think it would be good to watch it once in your life when you are tired or having a hard time.
9,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. Among the most basic characteristics of a masterpiece movie, I am not tired of watching it again and again, but the Shawshank Escape is just like that. It is a movie that has the power to focus on watching it even if you watch it many times on TV.
10,형언할 수 없는
10,I'm so touched.Hope
10,The best movie of my life. Unchanging ranking
10,a representative film of a masterpieceThe former director of the awkward plagiarism film under the guise of homage, "Look at this one more time and reflect on yourself."
10,I was so moved by the movie of my life
10,A movie that must be seen once in your life. Even the generation who only like unconventional things these days will have a time to think while watching this movie.
10,I don't know what to say, but it's clear that you have to see it before you die, and you have to see it as soon as you can
1,I don't like it -- about six points
10,I think I know why it's No. 1 in all movies
10,I think it's up to you to take everything.
10,A film dedicated to all who live because there is hope
10,I've watched it so many times, but I'm watching another movie
10,A really great movie. Each scene is so cool
10,Legend of Legend
10,I can explain it in two words "Look"
10,No matter how many movies these days fly and crawl, they can't even be matched.
8,consider the ambivalence of Shawshank
10,Watching this movie even now is a great luck and feels like a gift. It is a film that shows that movies are not just entertainment. I want to recommend it to my future self again.
9,I knew why it was a masterpiece. A movie that makes me smile when I watch it.
10,It's a story line that's hard to see in Korea. It's grand and detailed.
10,You just saw this? Make sure to watch it
10,It was a masterpiece for no reason.
10,become a good life by watching a good movie
10,Life is divided before and after watching Shawshank Escape
10,I'm touched even when I see it 20 times.
10,A masterpiece! A must-a masterpiece!
10,There's no other movie like this even if you watch it from above or in detail!
10,I can't forget the ending scene because it's on TV once and every time I watch it, it's new and touching
10,I've seen a lot of movies, but tears always pour out in the last scene. Why is the scene where Red and Andy hug against the blue sea so touching? Such a good movie.
9,I'm losing track of time even when I look at it again
10,난 친구를 만나 악수를 하고 싶다.
10,A movie that I watch every time on TV. A masterpiece that I admire every time I see it
10,There were a lot of Hollywood masterpieces in the 1980s and 90s when we were in school.
10,It's all fun and touching!
10,It's an amazing movie.I watched it with my mouth open at the end (Singing "Crying
10,I can't change the channel every time I see it 10 times on the cable and keep sending it to the end.
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,I hope Andy is happy until he dies.
10,The ending scene was when I cried
1,It's so obvious
10,Best movie to watch twice
10,A healing film that speaks silently but never gets bored and resonates in your heart
10,an unforgettable movie of life
10,Explain the movie in two letters. a masterpiece
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,If you don't give me 10 points, where and what should I give you?
10,A movie that makes us realize how precious and thankful our daily lives are
10,Giving a point to this movie is not a matter of taste, but of whether or not you have a mental illness.
10,Wow, I watched it recently, but I regret watching it now
8,I don't know if it's because I exceeded my expectations.Still, up to eight points, the escape scene was not similar to the TV movie's frequent Axe scene.
10,A masterpiece that can't help but give you 10 points
10,Best movie ever. I can't forget it.
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life.
10,I saw it at school and I was wondering what movie it was. It was this movie. It's really amazing
10,A movie that you can't get enough of. That's how wonderful a movie is.
10,an incredibly intelligent film from 1994
10,I'm innocent if I kill someone who gives this movie a point and go to Shawshank prison
10,It was a long time, but I wasn't bored, I was really focused, and I felt so many things
10,A movie that I watched too late when I was 24 years old
10,A movie with a rating of 100
9,I enjoyed watching the movie
9,It's an old movie, but it's fun. - 1 point is the beautification of prisoners
1,Let's play rock-paper-scissors in front of the mirror
10,My friends asked me if I had seen the best movie yet. I was in the top 3 of my life
10,0123456789 is crazy. I can't believe I watched this movie until 2017ㅠㅠIt really shows what a life movie is. ㅠㅠ I hope people who haven't seen it will watch itcrying
10,The best movie ever...!
10,This is my favorite movie.
10,I am so touched. I think I know why it is ranked first.I think I should live my life to the fullest.
10,All I can say is that it's a masterpiece.
10,The movie that warms my heart
10,free, by liberty, for liberty
10,A masterpiece leaves a lingering impression.After watching it, I lie down for about 30 minutes and look back on the movie and my past life For those of you who haven't seen it, invest two hours in this movie, and you'll be rewarded with a tremendous amount of money
10,I suddenly thought of it at dawn. I'm going into Shawshank.
10,It is perfectly reasonable to take it out quickly and put it in the septic tank because the movie's rating is one that doesn't know how to see art, so even the snow-like attachments attached to the ornaments are luxurious.
10,Acting scenario storyline...It's a masterpiece that's beyond all time!
10,It's my first time registering my GPA.
10,As of October 20, 2017, it was the best movie of my life.
10,I think Red is the main character of this movie, which was a simple movie. Red, the real changing character whose prison-learned lethargy turns into hope as he meets Endy, will be us watching the film and the true protagonist of the film
10,There is no fruit that makes life worth living as freedom.
10,I have hope. I'm touched
10,If there are only two movies that are mandatory in life, I want to choose Shawshank Escape and Titanic. The two movies have a lot in common. Make sure you see what true life is.
10,It's really so much fun. It's not boring from beginning to end. It's so much fun that I can't believe it's from 1995! I don't get a good grade after watching the movie, but I have to write a grade for this. I am recommending it to my school friends now ㅠㅠ
10,I can't explain it in words, but I have to register to get 10 stars
10,It's always the best, beyond the times.
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,It's still lingering...You have to watch it before you die.Really...
10,I'm so glad I just saw it I want to recommend it to people around me
10,This is just... the textbook existence of all films
1,Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Is there anyone who doesn't know?The best movie of my life. That scene on the poster is really touching and joyful. A movie that I've watched more than 10 times.
10,Along with Citizen Kane, the king of the movie theater
10,Andy, who finally came to the world by breaking through absurdity without living by being settled in reality like others. Wouldn't a reward someday come to those who work hard to develop and achieve their dreams even in difficult situations?
10,Why did I finally see such a great masterpiece? Brilliant!!
10,Is this movie boring?It is to admit that less than 9 points for this movie are things that you don't know or watch
10,His ability to plan everything and execute it perfectly
10,There are people who have never seen it, but there is no one who has seen it once.indescribable in no words A movie that makes everything understood after watching it.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,If you haven't seen this movie, I hope you don't say that you watch a movie anywhere
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,There is no need for words. You have to watch it.
10,The best masterpiece of my life...
10,The story of a man who is constantly striving for hope and two men who adapt to the dark realities... It's so nice to see you reach your hopes at the end
10,The best movie I've seen so far. I should watch it 4 or 5 times moreIt has been more than 20 years since its release, but it is a pity that there is no movie like this one for 20 years
10,A movie of my life that I have to watch more than three times before I die
10,This movie changed the best movie of my life
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The movie that made me know director Frank Darabont
10,One of the best movies!@
10,A masterpiece of the century. That's the end of the explanation
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words.
10,Is there a reason? a ten-point movie
10,How can I understand the feelings of the two main characters in the last scene?I remember watching the last scene of the movie and laughing while looking back at the troops after I was discharging from the army
10,Good. It's my favorite movie
10,I think this movie is a masterpiece
10,Morgan Freeman, like Freeman, feels hope for free men.It was a movie that was hard to express with words
10,Do you need words? It's just good
10,As expected, hope is the best thing, and I commend Dufrein for enduring well and wisely for 20 years. Red (Morgan Freeman), who narrated the play at the center of the play, also faces a new life, Dufrein, his life reversal, revenge
10,Do you need words? Top 1 movies of my life
10,There are boring people, there are boring people, and it's my personal taste (I didn't like Mad Max so much) But if this movie was the best movie that had a lot of immersion, no boredom, no strangely sad scenes, and made me cry
10,A movie that I'm reviewing movies.
10,Wow, that's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,I still can't forget this movie.
10,Is there a reason to dislike this movie?
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it.
10,내 인생 무브
1,What? How high-- let's keep it down
10,Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
10,Perfect ending, perfect movie
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,I don't need wordsI like it a lot.
10,I don't believe in ratings, but I was fooled and watched it'  It's been a while since I focused on this. Good
10,A movie out of 10 stars.It's very well made
10,Is there any room for further explanation A movie like a Bible about will and hope
10,I got goosebumps in the last scene.
10,It's a must-see movie in my life
10,It's a masterpiece movie that makes you unable to change the channel.
10,I watched the movie three times in two days
10,There's a reason why NAVER's movie score is No.1
10,A masterpiece you must see more than once before you die
10,a ten-point movie without disagreement
10,There was no sad scene at the ending, but it was a crying movie
10,I didn't watch old movies because I didn't want to watch them, but my dad recommended them to me so I started watching them! I think I know why it's a masterpiece.
9,There was a famous reason.
10,This is the best... I was more touched when I saw it again
10,It's a movie with more than 10 points. The movie of my life movie.
1,The rating is too high. It's a good movie, but the immersion is disappointing.
10,It's perfect. Make sure to watch this
10,I thought it would be too old because it's an old movie, but I thought...   rnasterpiece
1,Terminator 2 should win first place, but this movie is great, but it is not as good as Terminator 2
10,You don't have to tell me Shawshank Escape is the best movie ever
6,an overrated film
10,Now that I look at it again, it is a mysterious movie that makes me learn philosophy and existence across life, Andy who keeps choosing himself under bad conditions with hope, but it made me realize that I can't choose a single thing to live in freedom
10,Even if I watched it that often, the movie that ran to the theater during the re-release in 2016...It's a masterpiece.
10,It made me feel overwhelmed
10,It was a movie that came out when I was in middle school, but I watched it for the first time when I was in my late 30s~In the last scene, I feel like my heart is about to explode
1,I'm Terminator Willback
10,Duprein escaped from Shawshank, but I was trapped in Shawshank.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot about true freedom and hope.
10,I'll see you again.
10,It is a movie that gave hope. Recommendation
10,I happened to watch it, but I watched the movie of my life movie
10,I'm touched even when I look at it again. A delightful ending. It's a movie with an ending credit without feeling uncomfortable.
1,The comments below me are the eyes and cognition OO.
10,I don't know what to say.
10,Hope is a good thing!!
10,a comforting film
10,Please explain why this movie's rating is not 10 points
10,Many times, I feel emotional. My acquaintances said that they broke their promise with their boyfriends because the movie was on TV on Christmas dayI did
10,Oh, it's on TV again Every three years
10,역대 최고의 영화
10,I'm going to watch a movie that will be memorable in my second year of high school.
10,I don't think more movies can be made in the future
10,Thank you for showing up in my life
10,I watched it as a friend's recommendation, but it is a good movie. As I have seen it now, masterpieces are of all ages.
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,The movie that makes me live today
10,I thought it was boring when I was young, but now it's the best movie of my life.
10,A movie that's fun to watch again
10,It is one of the most interesting masterpieces even now that time has passed.
10,Nice shot... Childish and low quality work for teenagers these days
10,One of the top five movies of my life
10,Bo was immersed and moved gently throughout. A film that makes you feel how important hope is. It's the best movie that doesn't need words.
1,Anything higher than Terminator 2 is unforgivable  I'm sorry. It's totally fun, but
10,Marriage of Figaro...  The scene is so clear in my head.
1,I was bored to death.ㅠ
10,For those who will hesitate after watching the movie's release date, I'll raise the rating It's a movie that you can trust even if it was released today I really recommend it
10,It's been a while since I've seen him and talked to him It's a good movie. Thank you It's so touching. My dad said it's his life piece
10,This is a masterpiece. This kind of movie!
10,What's the point of saying it?a masterpiece
10,The best word is everything in this movie
10,Life movie... I regret watching this now
10,I can't watch other movies anymore
10,A movie that perfectly matches the word masterpiece
10,The journey of a framed man to freedom was great.
1,34344343434344 It is a calm film itself. Personally, I think Prison Break Season 1 with this movie as the motif is better.3
9,It is a movie that shows that there is no limit to human beings with tough persistence.
10,I came into the gifted class in high school and saw this movie with my friends for the first time. This movie left me with an unknown feeling. I still don't understand the exact meaning, but I don't know what it is, but this good feeling makes me feel that this movie is my life movie
10,The best movie. The touching last scene.I highly recommend the story of Endy changing the prison!
10,It's my favorite movie. Watch it before you die
10,It's a masterpiece. Can a movie from 20 years ago be like this?
10,This kind of movie will never come out again. It's my life movie.  There are people who don't know
10,This is what movies are like...
10,After watching this movie, there is a certain sense of innocence in my mind, and I don't get tired of watching it because I don't want you to forget it forever.So it becomes impossible to evaluate. I hope everyone has the courage to live, forgive, and have hope.
10,This is the movie of my life
9,Morgan Freeman, you're a great actor.Wasting his wasted life in prison, he never let go of his hope until the end, and eventually gained freedomI just saw that it was ranked No. 1 on Naver movie rankings, but it is not the best movie of my life. But you have to see it at least once in your life. Good!
10,This is life. Life is in a two-hour, twenty-minute movie.
10,싱싱한 생선!
10,The existence of life that comes out of one's life
10,It's my first time getting a movie rating in my life. Please make the movie like this
10,I regret why I only saw it now.  It's a masterpiece.
7,More than anything, I like the narration
10,A movie that makes you think deeply about freedom
10,That's a trick. There's no needless words. You must see it at least once in your life. The first review.
10,I don't think there's a movie this perfect.
10,the best movie without words
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is as green as my dream.
10,There is a reason why it is a solid No. 1 even if numerous movies continue to appear.
10,Please watch a good movie
10,Go up, GPA--
10,I was thinking about watching it when I was over 30 years old, but I finally found it and I knew it.  Rather than wasting time, I feel that the two hours I invested in this movie became valuable
10,It's a great movie, a message of hope.
10,Thank you for letting me watch this movie
10,"브룩스가 여기 있었다"와 "레드도 여기 있었다" "
10,I'll never forget the ending on the beach
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life
10,I'm waiting for a movie like this to come out in Korea
10,It's the best movie ever. Wow
10,I am going to post it roughly on my blog, but I can see why the movie is so thrilling that OOO is hard after the movie
10,Is there a score higher than 10 points?
10,the best movie without words
10,I watched it more than 10 times. Every time I do it, I feel new and nervous. Every time I do it on TV, I watch it from beginning to end. It's a masterpiece.
10,Look at the score. As expected, everyone recognizes a masterpiece
10,A movie that taught me about the meaning of life
10,A movie with the best popularity and a movie with the best cinematography can be another movie. But a movie that is both the best will not surpass this one.
10,I wonder if this kind of movie is really a movie
10,My best work of my life
10,Morgan Freeman, every single line really touches me
10,When I see this, I realize that it's a masterpiece of my life. There's no reason why it's going to change
1,It's too much. Just...
10,I really enjoyed it. It's a masterpiece
10,Fear will lock you up as a prisoner, and hope will set you free.
10,I really don't need words.
10,I'm glad I saw you now. This movie deserves the highest praise.
10,Let's fall in love with the best movie
10,Who gave this movie a point?
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,Actor Tim Robbins. I'm rooting for you!
10,Helmsman, helmsman, helmsman, helmsman, helmsman, helmsman, helmsman
10,It's really touching! Shawshank escape!
10,It's been 23 years since its release, but if you haven't seen this movie, what you must see has not changed yet.
10,I've played it for you on cable, but at this point, I've never been sick of it
10,The best movie of my life. I can't get rid of that emotion no matter how many times I watch it. It's not forced, but it's really natural? I'm thankful for the director who can make me feel this way in my life.
9,I loved the ending
1,round and round in confusion
10,I was told to write 10 letters, so I have nothing more to say.
10,A movie that leaves a deep impression even after watching it like a sunset.
10,A film that makes you realize the meaning of true freedom
10,I'm surprised there's a man who gives a point in this movie, too
10,It's really fun. I have no regrets.
10,There is no need for words. the best movie
10,Fear will lock you up as a prisoner and hope will set you free!
10,It's a masterpiece. A masterpiece
10,Where are the idiots who give this best movie a point?
9,Redemption: The meaning of salvation is well expressed. The drama is neatly made to fit the genre. But the escape process is plain
10,It was a great movie. I'll watch it again
10,Fierce entrance examinations and preparation for employment... I've been preparing myself for 20 years, and even now, 20 years after I've lived fiercely...  Was I not good enough to find the same hope as Andy? But I still have hope because I'm at an age where I crave the excitement of the name hope
10,A movie that no one would have believed would proudly take the top spot in all the movies in the world, to an unexpected story. Also, the emotions, sadness, and lessons delivered don't seem to be that difficult, but they are deeply instilled.
10,Good. As expected
10,For the first time in my life, I have a rating. It made me feel how happy my present life is throughout the movie, and if I think about it more, there is nothing I can't do I think hope is a life movie that makes me feel how brilliant it is.
10,If you ask me about a movie that I've seen most in my life, it's a
10,Freedom was so good
10,The only flaw in this movie is the Korean title
10,dream of escaping to freedom
10,It's really cathartic.I think it's a perfect movie until the end.
10,It's a masterpiece with a message with a solid story. If you haven't seen it, you must see it. This is the best movie ever. It is a masterpiece that makes you immersed in the last scene.
10,To be honest, I don't know the message of hope or anything I didn't have much of that lingering feeling But aside from that, the movie itself is so fun and it's so immersive. That's a masterpiece that's worth 10 points
10,I think it is a movie that doesn't need long words.
10,It's so touching. A masterpiece of masterpieces!
10,One of the few movies I still remember
10,the first movie to be rated
10,For the first time in my life, I give a rating. This is a movie that really has no choice but to give 10 points.
10,You don't need words. Look before you die
10,The best movie of my life movie. It's really crazy.
10,If you are not impressed by this movie, I recommend you consult a psychiatrist
10,Even now, I can't get enough of watching a movie that I watch once a year.the greatest movie to go down in history
10,If you're human, let's admit this movie
10,The best movie of my life.
10,I think I forgot something important
10,Even if I see you every day, I don't feel like I'm crying
10,I've watched it more than 20 times and it makes me feel the best every time I watch it
10,Movies that I watch whenever I'm having a hard time... It comforts me
10,It's the best. A movie that doesn't need words
10,A must-see movie in life
10,It's my favorite movie. Why did I watch it now? It lingers for a long time
1,A good movie or a movie you want to watch again.
10,The best movie you can't argue with
10,I'll give you 10 points!h
10,I've never seen a movie where I can feel all these emotions in my life
10,Do you need a reason to give him 10 points?
10,It's always fun to watch. It's always fun to watch
10,How can I rate this movie? I'm captivated by the unknown emotions and emotions... It's beautiful. Hope is a good thing. Good things don't go away.
10,I found my favorite movie.It's a masterpiece
10,It's a relief that I saw you now
10,I didn't think much about it, but it was so deep and nice Don't look for reviews without meaning. There's a reason why it's called a movie of your life movie. Look.
10,It's the first movie I've watched in a daze until the ending credits go up to the end.Is there another masterpiece like this?It's an amazing movie
10,Every time I watch this movie, I search on the internet window and it annoys me that the critic's score is 8.5 points
10,It's been the essence of my life. I'm grateful.
10,One of the best movies of my life! There's really no need for words Even when I first saw it, it doesn't change when I take it out once in my lifeㅜㅜ
10,My favorite movie... It comforts me when I'm having a hard time and when I'm sad
1,This is not a point. I want to give 11 points.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot throughout the movie. It's a masterpiece
1,Someone was the triggering...
10,Don't doubt anything. Just watch it
10,Look, look, look, look.Personally, it's a top 3 movie that I watch three to four times a year
10,These days, I watched movies and decided to watch them according to the rating. I understand why it is No. 1 and I will watch Terminator 2, which is No. 2. I hope the Terminator will be fun too.
10,희망은 좋은 것이다...
10,I can understand the most touching episode
10,Every time I see it, I feel new. Shawshank escape!
10,It's a very good movie.
10,10 points? ㅠㅠ This is a masterpiece
10,The Bible movie of my life, "Hope Is a Good Thing."
10,His eyes, which had been dying after watching "Real," are recovering rapidly after watching this movie again.
10,When I was about to forget, I turned the channel and watched it again. It's so touching and it's a great movie because it wraps up neatly.
10,It's hard to feel all the emotion without watching this movie.I think the last scene was the director's good move.
10,one of the best movies I've ever seen
10,I should have seen this movie at this age.I gave myself a spoilerㅜㅜ
10,I was watching TV today and I saw the highest ranking movie on NAVER They said they were looking forward to it on CGV. I cried right before it ended. I haven't watched a movie that was really interesting, and I finally found a movie like this.
10,I'm glad I saw such a masterpiece at the late age of 28.There's hope, so fighting every day by day!
10,Perfect movie quality, entertainment, actors, and even acting skills
10,a specimen of a well-made
10,If you ask me which movie was the most impressive, I can say this movie without lying
10,A very good movie to watch in the army.
10,It's a movie that's always touching whenever I watch it again
10,A masterpiece is fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things never go away.
10,It's all in this movie Not to mention the actors' performances It's just a movie with 100 points
10,It's a masterpiece of my life
10,It's really my favorite movie.Please look at it, young people
10,희망은 아름다운 것이다.
10,It's really one of the best movies.
10,"Hope" is a precious word to get through life. Shawshank Escape, a film that showed that the past, present and future can be somehow adapted by the word hope.
10,You don't need a review to get a horoscope
10,The movie of my life. I have to watch it before I die.
10,If you want to feel like a poster,
10,Awesome. It's fun. It's the best movie ever
10,One of life's movies. Both the content and the production are excellent.
10,Even though it's been over a few years, it's still the best movie
10,I've watched the movie more than 20 times, but when the rerun comes out, I stop and watch it again.In particular, the scenes of Redding's release and visiting Lake Jiwatane leave a calm and strong impression that he is heading for true freedom.It is a beautiful masterpiece that 10 pieces are not considered too much.
10,If you haven't watched the best movie in your life, please watch it
1,A masterpiece, but overrated film for fame.
10,It's my first time seeing you after I turned 23. Of course, I think I'll see you again next year
10,I hope people of all ages will watch this movie in the future.
10,A movie that gave me a chance to think about what freedom is
10,It's really good. I couldn't go for a month because I was fired for 100 days of vacation because of training, but as soon as I came out of the army after training, I felt the emotions of the movie poster and that scene
10,It's such a famous movie that I saved it and now I'm watching it.But I wonder why I watched it now. I was going to watch it ten more times anyway, so there's no need to save it. Watch it right now!!!Of course!
10,Perfect movie, a movie that makes Stephen King respectful
10,Why did I see this now?
10,A moving movie, unforgettable
10,I think I've seen it dozens of times in the past, but it's a masterpiece that makes me feel new thoughts and emotions.
10,The top 10 movies you must watch in your life
10,I've seen Naver movie scores many times, but it's my first time to get them all.The movie that gave me my first movie rating is the best. It's really...
10,It's enough to make you fall into the illusion of a true story.
10,Life of repeated comfort being deceived by a familiar framework A life of fear but challenging Free life Which choice may be a good life, but hope is good thing more touching than just do it forced for no reason
10,It's a legendary movie
10,It's amazing. When I came to the end of the movie, I was relieved. I'll give you 20 points.
10,Why did I watch this movie so late?
10,I cried when I saw it, and I don't say it anymore
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it again, it'
10,My life movie ㅠㅠ It's really, really fun
10,Opportunity comes only to those who do not give up.That's great. I think I've seen it 10 times.
10,The running time was a bit long, but it was fun
10,I remember watching the video for the first time right before I went to the army in 1995. It was a masterpiece that was so touching.I think I've seen it more than 30 times on purpose or on purpose or on purposeIf you do it on the cable, you'll see it again even though you've seen it so many times.It's comparable to any existing movie.
10,Light is always by our side, and hope and dreams are waiting when we follow it.
10,I think I've seen it 50 times.
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,No matter how many times I look at it, it's a masterpiece.Movies are also the power of scripts.It goes beyond touching and admiration comes out naturally with great lines like gems.When can this level of movie be released in Korea?
10,I think this is the best movie of my life
10,"Remember, Red, hope is a good thing It's the best thing in the world And good things never go away." -Andy -
10,I think I know why it's No. 1 on NAVER
10,The movie that I enjoyed without boring parts. The title of the movie is a spoiler
10,It's not a movie... Scary movie like real life, dirty but beautiful movie without beautification.
9,The motif of Prison Break
10,What do you need to say? 10 words
10,What does Andy mean to Red? What does red mean to Andy?  The more difficult the situation is, the more we lean on each other and tell stories. The impact was so strong that the memory of seeing it as a child still lingered.
9,If he didn't have a good friend, Andy, he'd probably leave for Brooks then...
10,A film that presents a truly human way of life
10,The movie of hope movie...^^
9,the sweetness of freedom Of course, it is also humans who feel burdened by freedom and become unable to live. But earnestly, the freedom to make your heart flutter. "Show Shank Escape" may be an appropriate title for this movie, which expresses it in extreme situations.
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen the renaming?
10,The best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best
10,It's a very good movie.
10,It's perfect. It's a perfect movie in every way
10,When I was a student, I watched the movie as a group. Whether it was a student or a teacher, I was thankful for the person who chose this movie.
10,It's a really well-made masterpiece. I can't believe I've finally seen this kind of work
10,Shawshank Escape. My favorite movie.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this masterpiece. It's a masterpiece made by God.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you feel a new emotion no matter how many times you watch it. Hope is a good thing.
10,It is a movie that makes you feel the importance of free life. And it is a movie that encourages you to live with hope in your life. It's the movie "The Best" that reminds you to live your first life without giving up on anything and not regretting it.
10,A bird with brilliant wings to live in captivity
8,Freedom, hope, courage and will are all good. However, I don't think the movie deserves this much praise.
10,Out of all the movies I watched, I was mesmerized
10,I watched this movie about 20 times, but it makes me watch it again today
10,the best masterpiece in the five fingers Even if I watch it again whenever I have a hard time, the lines and actors' expressions are always new.
10,I saw it because of homework, but it was worth watching
10,Even if you look at it again and again, there are many parts that can be reinterpreted. It's like our lives.
10,I can't believe I'm watching such a fun movie now.
10,indescribably heavy
10,I've never seen a movie like this before. Unspeakably the best.
10,The best movie of my life. Hope set you free
10,an indescribable film
10,It's a calm and heavy movie that doesn't need unexpected tension
10,A movie that asks questions about life
10,A masterpiece that awakens true freedom
10,The movie I've seen the most in my life. I can't count how many times I've repeated it.
10,I wonder why I finally saw this after 20 years of living
10,I did a good job today. I'll see you again in two years.
10,A movie that shows why a masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,That's so cool. There's no need for words
10,The definition of a life movie is this.
10,Does Shawshank's Escape Need Words?
10,Wow, it's my first time writing a review I was so happy the whole time I felt like my head was full of good thoughts
9,Will can only be when hope is satisfied.
10,I was late because I missed the school bus while watching the best movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Please stop playing on the cable. I watch it until the end whenever it comes out.
10,The best movie of my life...
9,If there's a perfect movie, I think Shawshank Escape is that movie
10,Watching this two-hour movie can change your life, so is there a reason not to watch it?
10,Wow, it was so much fun.
10,I don't need to describe my thoughts and feelings
10,I think I know why they call it a masterpiece
10,I wish there would be a movie like this in this day and age.
10,Why did I watch the best movie now?
10,It was like looking at a piece of art
10,A movie that tells you how to live. A movie that reminded us of the value of hope.
10,The best movie I've ever seen in my life, and I don't get bored every time I watch it
9,I'm getting emotional. a hunger for freedom Aren't these things necessary in our lives?
10,Wow... It's really my life's  I highly recommend it to those who haven't seen it!
10,It was a memorable movie
10,That's good.I did a great job
10,역대 최고의 영화
10,I want to give you 100 points!
10,Shut up and I recommend...
10,What is my hope in life?
10,There is freedom, but there is no hope. There is hope, but there is no freedom. Freedom and hope see light when they coexist
10,I liked the desire for freedom, the hope, and everything, but I think it was possible because Andy was the most prepared person to have freedom in the end. I'll try to do that, too!
10,Now I see how sad it is that Brox wrote a letter when he left prison and died ㅠㅠ I was so moved to tearscrying
10,A movie for the rest of my life...
10,It's so touching. It's so touching. Wow.It's a masterpiece
10,I was able to feel the end of my emotions for the first time while watching the movieThank you. Thank you
10,Is there another movie like this in the world?My favorite movie
10,come to a head
10,There are only two movies I've seen more than 10 times in my life. Dark Knight and Shawshank Escape. There is only one movie I have watched more than 15 times in my life. Escape from Shawshank.
10,If I do this while changing the channel... I know the story, but it's fun and touching. I don't know how many times I watched it, but it's definitely double digits ^^;
10,I've seen it more than 10 times. the best
10,It was so cool. I hope you watch it
10,It's a masterpiece It's touching even after time passes by
10,Is it a will for injustice or a desire for freedom?
10,It's just fun. It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words. I'll watch it again
10,I want to show it to my child
10,The story of the 3 main characters, the story of the prison
10,Hope beyond hope comes to those who dream.
10,Perfection itself.lol
10,I can't believe I'm watching this now. Old movies have a lot of masterpieces
10,Shawshank Prison is a microcosm of the society we live in.  Can I escape like Andy with a friendship solidarity superhuman effort from a society rife with hypocrisy, pretense, violence and oppression?
10,I don't even remember how many times I watched it. It's a masterpiece that makes me feel moved beyond words. Can I watch a movie like this again in my life?
10,I watched it 20 times, but if I do it, I watch it again
10,I thought it was a space escape movie. I haven't seen you for 10 years, but I'm taking lessons now
10,I'm a little sad to see this movie now. I couldn't help but be dazed all the way up the end credits. It's not sad, but I can't help feeling emotional after the movie. It is not a waste to say that it is the best movie. I want to remember it for a long time.
10,I think I've seen about 30 movies of my life
10,I didn't want to use my GPA, but it's my favorite movie
10,Wouldn't it be a waste to criticize a movie like this? It's just the best.
10,A masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,I learned hope after watching this movie. Isn't this what life movies are like?
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words!
10,I watch this movie every time on the cable. Is it the magic of this movie that I can't get enough of?
10,A masterpiece. It is not a special action or a unique material, but it is a masterpiece that is so funny. It is a movie that has many lessons and many famous scenes.
10,I get out of constipation every time I see it.
10,My favorite movie. What do I need to say?
10,The only movie that makes me feel that every time I watch my teens, 20s, 30s, it's different, but it's all fun.
10,I was so sleepy that I ended up watching it until the end. After watching all this, I'm already wide awake. In the last scene, I felt like I was starting anew.
10,The best movie of my life!!! That's so touching.
10,How can you miss it even though you know everything? Especially if you do it on the TV movie channel, you're already watching it again!
10,The ratings that you can understand if you look at them
10,Is there another movie like this?
10,A masterpiece that made me realize that a movie can have a huge impact on my life.
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,Now that I am 20 years old, I desperately think why I only watched this movie now. Really... I am so touched. The movie that I want to recommend to my friends to watch. The movie that made me leave a rating for the first time in my life
10,This is the movie!
10,The poster scene is touching. The movie that I didn't understand when I was young on the movie channel
10,It's always the best movie
10,I've seen so many movies, but I haven't seen a movie like Shawshank.
10,Every time I see it, no matter how many times I see it
1,As soon as the movie started, I fell asleep in half a second. Whenever I can't sleep, I fall asleep right away when I turn on this movie
10,Just a ranking number one well qualified movie.
10,At first, I was so suspicious and a little bored, but I couldn't concentrate. When I saw the last scene, I got goosebumps all over my body and it was an emotion that I couldn't express in words. There's a reason why it's "for no reason
10,There's no time to argue about this or that. It's solid. It's fascinating to see Andy's ability. You can just look at the ones that are considered masterpieces.
10,The best movie I've ever seen again...
10,If it's the movie with the highest rating on imdb, I'm done
10,If you see it, you can't help but give it a perfect score
10,Morgan Freeman's every line act shines the film
10,The various human groups shown in the closed society of prisons, the hope that will not give in to the worst. It's the best movie ever
10,The movie reminded me that hope is the most important thing everywhere.I got goosebumps at the end.It's a movie that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch it
10,There's a reason why it's called a masterpiece
10,Thank you for the rerun.
10,Smeller, he doesn't know English at least. He's the Shawshank Redemption in English. And if there's a twist in the process, what's the result of escape? He doesn't know English and doesn't know movies
10,Why did I see this now?
10,Personally, it was more touching than Terminator 2
10,A movie that gave hope and courage.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,After watching it, I found out why it's No.1
10,It's not that people are fans of this genre even if it's the most interesting movie of their lives, it's just a movie that can nod without exaggeration
10,I hope. The last scene was so cool...
1,I'm not at the top of the overall rating, so I'm going to take care of my rating.
9,Sometimes when life is meaningless... I've been watching this movie on cable over and over and over again. It seems a little bit meaningful again. That alone is fine.
10,I can't believe I just saw such a great movie
1,I don't know, I'm just
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece for no reason. It's a great movie that's hard to judge
10,I watch it whenever I have a hard time. It's a movie that really teaches life lessons. I think I've seen it more than 20 times. Every time I see the last scene, a smile spreads around my mouth without realizing it.
10,It's going to be my life movie. Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I will go see it again when it is re-released.Andrew's beauty is exploding. Hahaha
10,It's a great eternity.
10,I can't express it in real language. I'm going crazy. I've never scored before. Wow, I'm going crazy
10,It's a masterpiece that's touching even if you watch it 10 times
10,You really enjoyed your beer
10,I can't stop you from expressing it, but something lingers in my heart
10,Is there a movie that has a more overwhelming happy ending than this?
10,I think I've seen it over a hundred times, but it's a masterpiece x 100
10,It's fun to watch the best movie a few times
10,I don't think there will be a movie beyond this movie. The expression is impossible except for the expression 'normless wall'. The whole movie is a great scene... I am grateful that I watched this movie alive.
10,The best movie ever...
10,It was very immersive and the actors acted really wellI think the 1995 movie is unbelievably well made
1,It's a masterpiece, but it's overrated.
10,If this movie isn't interesting, you won't be eligible to watch it in the future
10,The first movie that allowed me to watch until the end
10,It was truly the best movie.
10,Every moment of despair and abandonment, I think of Shawshank's escape.
10,a calm film to the end A movie that cheers you up when you are having a hard time. There are at least 7 kinds of life in one movie.A movie that comes to mind
10,It's not called a masterpiece for no reason. It's going to be one of my life's From the storyline to the humor code, it's the best
10,I just watched it and I want to watch it again
10,It's good even if you watch it again
10,I can't take a point off this movie
10,My life movie! :;
10,I enjoyed watching it on Blu-ray~~!
10,The best movie, the story and the production are all crumpled up. Couldn't be better, plus Morgan Freeman. The line, "Even people who are tamed by the perfect movie show shank have been eaten by lawyers," is perfect.
10,The worst movie of my life... Every time I see it, it's a new sensation.
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,I think those who give me a point are people who have an outdated sense that they don't even have the most basic posture of bravado and looking at the past, or that brain is just a brain that likes to smash instant action movies
10,Best movie ever ^^
10,There are many ways to suffer injustice in life. However, I think the results are different depending on how you act then. Isn't Andy's compliance with the given results and not accepting them as they are the exodus of our repressed lives that we forgot about?
10,So what Red..
10,The movie of my life movie! How many more masterpieces are there in the history of movies?
10,The best movie of my life! It's one of the movies that I want my children to watch.
10,The last beach scene is really awesome. My heart was pounding and I couldn't get out of my seat.
10,I thought there was an action scene because I heard it was an escape, but it was a seriously touching and instructive movie. If I hadn't watched this movie, I would have been in big trouble.
1,Because we need to adjust the assessment...
10,Why did I watch this now? It's the same escape movie as Papillon, but it's completely different
10,There's no action. It's just a prison life story be not bored  Look at the conclusion
10,It's a movie that only comes out like "Wow!"
10,It's a movie that will be remembered as a masterpiece. It's the best movie of my life
10,A movie that I watch once a year
10,One disadvantage of lack of probability? No, rather, it seems to be the biggest advantage of highlighting the desire for freedom and its realization of the theme
10,the greatest movie of all time
10,Top 3 personal movies of my life
10,The last scene where the two of you meet makes me shudder.
10,I'll give you 10 points and watch a movie
10,It's a really touching movie.I was recommended to watch it, but it's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I didn't know.It's a touching scene. You'll all know if you've seen it.Make sure you watch it
10,I don't need to say anything. Why do you want me to write more than 10 letters?
10,A movie that makes you log in
10,A movie that's perfect!
10,There is no need for words. the best movie of one's life
10,Awesome. Shawshank Escape is really fun
10,A movie that makes me speechless. I regret seeing it now and I'm glad to see it now.
10,In memory of Allen Green...
10,the best film of one's life If you die tomorrow, you must see it today.
10,Freedom to live in fear is more unhappy than restraint to live in comfort. The difference between Red and Brooks is the presence or absence of hope.
10,It was a lot of fun.
10,Duke Expands, Expands, Expands
10,It shows that the power of the learner, the opportunity that the prepared person has, is really an immutable law of life.
10,needless words It's a movie about sin, punishment, hope and freedom
10,자유는 자기주장이다.
10,The best movie of my life. I think I've seen it more than 50 times.
10,Best movie of the 20th century! Perfect scenario. Acting, background music, directing...I've seen it about 50 times, and it feels new every time I see it.
10,The best movie that influenced values
9,Thank you, professor recommended this movie to me
10,I'm only a sophomore in high school.I'm only 18 years old, but I already have a life movie.
10,12345678910 There are people who haven't watched it, but there's no one who's watched it once
9,I can't forget the last escape and the roar.crying
10,I'm going to watch a movie that touches my heart every time to time
9,Morgan Freeman's voice was so good. And the freedom of the main character after the last escape. The best movie ever!
10,The movie I watched when I was young, and by the time I heard the old man, I got to know the true face of the movie
10,I never watch a movie twice and watch it again, but this movie is already the fourth time.A movie that comes to mind when you forget, an impressive story, and a lesson from a movie
10,You're the best. I'm so touched
10,Can a man who has lost his freedom and hope truly be called a "freedom man" who lives his life...
10,Wordsless "Life Movie"
10,Thank you. Again and again
10,It's a masterpiece of my life!@
10,Why did I watch the movie of my life now? I just blame myself
10,Korean alphabet
9,I think that's why I crave freedom
10,10 points. I really enjoyed it.
10,There are birds trapped in a cage and unable to live.
10,The last scene where Andy and Red meet... Oh...
10,I don't think my GPA is 9.86. Let's raise it up
10,브룩스가 여기 있었어요
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
10,I couldn't help but admire the moment the last two were reunited. A masterpiece of my life is something like this.
10,I can't say the movie that makes me blank for a while after watching it.
10,It's a movie that has nothing to say
10,The movie gets more and more interesting as it goes on
10,Since it's Andy, things that were possible... Smart people do everything
6,The dignity of man comes from himself.
10,It's definitely a perfect score. The ending is beautiful
10,I saw this for the first time and it was so touching that I almost cried.I miss you again.I really recommend this!
10,After you look at it, you count the numbers. This is the first time I've seen this...This is the third time I've seen it
10,It is natural that this movie is a masterpiece that you can only see many times, but the more you look at it, the more you see it, the more amazing the production is.
10,It's really a masterpiece
10,A movie that lacks 10 points.
10,I can't believe I just watched this movie now
10,If I have to choose one movie of my life, I won't hesitate to choose one
10,10 stars is enough. Do I need words?
9,An interesting movie every time I see it. A movie that makes me know why it's a masterpiece.
10,It's sad that I can only give you 10 stars
10,It was a good movie.
10,We deserve to win first place! It's the best.
10,Freedom and liberation from absurd social structures, freedom in prison of life created by individuals themselves, hammers hidden in the Bible given by the warden.What does that mean? It is the free will of man who refuses to live under control, obeying religion and social institutions!
4,I feel bad about being a criminal because I think I'm living too well. I think all murderers should be locked up in solitary confinement --
10,If you have to pick the best movie until the end of the earth, this movie will definitely be in the top three. It's unconditional.
10,I envy you for not seeing Shawshank escape yet! However, no matter how many times I look at it, the emotion will not change.
10,I don't need it all and I watched this movie 471 times. This is a movie that a man should watch for a lifetime. There are no people who have not seen Shawshank Escape only once, if possible.  I don't really deal with people who are not interested in watching this movie when they are dating.
10,I have a bad personality when I start something, but I felt that only those who are ready for an opportunity will live the life they want. I've been exhausted in my life these days, but this movie gave me the driving force to start and continue something.
9,A masterpiece is not funny to watch. However, I will forget the interesting movie after watching it in a week, and I will not forget the masterpiece movie even after 7 years.
10,It is a movie that I want to watch many times.
10,I regret seeing it now. The movie of my life movie.
10,It's the best. I can't forget it
6,It's the best movie ever lol
10,The movie was perfect from start to finish
10,I can't express it in words. The best movie of my life! I really want to make a movie like this before I die I will work hard to make a movie that is comparable to Shawshank escape
10,A movie with 10 out of 10...
10,I hate myself for seeing it now, and I want to waste even 10 masterpieces that will remain in my memory
10,My favorite movie. Probably the best movie of my life until I die
10,The movie I watched the most in my life... Why? OCN broadcasts it very often. Still, stay tuned.  That's how great a masterpiece is!It always makes me realize the meaning and importance of hope and freedom.
10,I don't know how many times I watch my life movie
10,This movie would have received much more extreme praise than the current praise if it hadn't been for the Korean title "Show Shank Escape."The title already says the result...  That's ridiculous...I didn't think I would escape, and I could feel more fun and moved by the twist, but it's so unfair.
10,The best movie of my life... when the warden of the prison opened the Bible, the EXODUS Exodus was impressive.
10,I can't get enough of this movie. I turned on the TV again today and it took me 2 hours
10,In the middle, Red says "hope is dangerous" to Andy, but in the end, the scene where he admits "hope is good" to Andy at the end was impressive and I could feel the message of this movie. As expected, a masterpiece is a masterpiece!
10,I watched it on TV again, but I don't get sick of it. It's the best movie of my life
10,Best movie ever! Hope is a good thing
10,It's my first time getting a GPA A movie that no one would regret if they watched it!
10,I don't need any more words. This is a masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch again. 10 letters
10,I didn't watch the movie because I knew the title.It's the best movie ever
10,a film that makes one think of freedom
10,The best movie of my life...Andy Duprein and Red...Freedom and friendship...And one of the few masterpieces that makes us look back on our lives.
10,I think I've seen it like 30 times.Strangely enough, I watch it until the end whenever they do it for me on the movie channelㅠㅠ
10,I have to watch it before I die. I have to show it to my children
10,I still remember borrowing a video tape from a rental shop 20 years ago and watching it with the whole family at home. It means more to me than a masterpiece.
10,What is freedom?
10,I know all the contents and how it develops, but I felt more touched than when I first saw it. I was moved by each line and admired each scene Will there be a movie that doesn't leave out all the scripts, directors, and actors' acting? How many people didn't get goosebumps and didn't laugh while watching the movie?
10,I don't know what to write... It's just the best
10,It's fun, new, and touching
10,I have another life movie It's too bad we're seeing each other so late.I looked back on my life so far.
10,I just want to say it's a masterpiece.
10,A really good movie...A movie that you have to watch at least three times in your life
10,Whenever I come out on TV, I always watch it...Each line is a masterpiece...
10,It is a great movie.It's really...
10,A must-see movie for the slaves in Sinan County!
1,I gave up on the second time I saw it.Everything is good, but the biggest drawback is boring--
10,I get emotional when I see the ending I like you
10,It's so touching.It's my favorite movie
10,When I was in middle school, my mom and dad were all sleeping, but I still remember the first time I watched a video quietly at dawn.Freedom, love for human nature, and the reversal of freedom came deeply to me as a middle school student. The best story, direction, and music. The last encounter at the beach is truly ecstatic now that I think about it.
10,It seems that the true Shawshank "escape" is not just the body escaping from Shawshank. To win freedom completely out of a few OOO's prison time. Isn't that the true Shawshank escape? That seems to be the difference between Andy and Brooks.
10,Andy was a true free man and Red, who became his friend, became a true free man. Red's third parole review and final reunion with Andy are heavy touching.
10,이 영화는 내 인생에서 본 영화 중 최고예요.
10,희망은 좋은 것이다. 어쩌면 가장 좋은 일일지도 몰라 그리고 좋은 것은 절대 죽지 않는다.
10,I was immersed in watching it during the running time. Top
10,Why did I watch this movie now?The movie that impressed me a lot after a long time...
10,It is a movie that makes me feel moved and courage that makes me know true freedom.
10,I think I'll keep thinking about my life movie every night
10,Watching the protagonist find his way and do it to the end without giving in to unreasonable conditions of reality.It makes me think a lot
10,What kind of movie will come to mind as I live my daily life? Watching it once changed my mind before and after watching it. That's enough
10,The masterpiece of SARS is memorable.
10,The best movie of my life with Forrest Gump
10,A film that makes you think about the meaning of true freedom
10,There are people who have never seen this movie, but there will be no one who has seen it once.
10,Who dares to give the film a score of 10 or less?The best movie that won't even meet 10 points
10,It's really my favorite movie
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it
10,Thank you for watching me now
10,The best movie of my life, I don't need to say any more. Especially, the scene where we meet again at the beach is one of the best scenes that left such a long impression in my heart.
10,What freedom was it from?
10,It's a neat and well-made movie. It's so nice without feeling uncomfortable
10,As the main character said, I want to live with hope.
10,The movie that changed my life is so touching
10,The only movie I can discuss hope
10,The best movie I've ever seen.
10,The best movie of my life
10,I've watched it so many times that I don't know how many times I've watched it, but I can't get enough of it. The best movie I've ever seen! It's the best even after all these years!
10,I got goosebumps when I watched it in the theater when I was young, but I did it again on OCN, and I think this movie is the best movie of my life, which is so sad that 10 points is the highest scoreㅜㅜㅜㅜ If you haven't seen it yet, please watch it
10,NAVER movies are stupid because when they are re-released, they remove the existing release date and change the release date to include the re-release date, so don't even touch the release date of a masterpiece
10,What kind of trash made the title like this?Koreans are so unhappy because they have to see a masterpiece of the century under this title
10,Rating 9.36 is a high rating but a low rating for the film.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,It's a really good movie and a textbook movie. Famous lines, probability, story, direction, atmosphere, ending are all perfect Every time I see it again, I felt that it was a new feeling and even a small part of it
10,Because of this movie, all the movie stars were lowered
10,This movie is on OCN or channel CGV. Usually, I don't watch other movies once I watch them, but if I watch this movie once, I keep watching them. Good Morgan Freeman. The movie of my life
10,I don't even remember how many times I watched it.
10,Movies that you want to watch over and over again
1,This style...
10,Actors' acting, lines, background music, directing... Even now, 20 years later, it's still a perfect movie. I envy the directors and staff who can make these movies.
10,Good, good, good. No need for words
10,The movie of my life! And the main character is so handsome
10,Are the ones who get 1 point a person? Well, I don't understand how you live your life
10,There are kids who give 1 point everywhere.I really watched it without any time to be bored.
10,There is a good reason why old movies are so famous so far. the best movie
10,I was amazed by the excellent directing ability and solid story compared to movies these days. I should have bought it instead of renting it ㅠㅠ 영구 I should have kept it forever ㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that makes you stare at the ending credits.
10,It's the best. It will be the first and last movie to give ratings to Naver movies. Let us appreciate this freedom that we enjoy every moment.
9,stress the importance of hope
10,It's a movie that's okay to watch so many times. I think it's calm and expresses the most important thing in life well.
10,The best movie of my life that doesn't need words... Tim Robinson and Morgan Freeman, as well as the main characters and supporting actors, shine.
10,It's one of the movies I really want to show my son
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,I saw it this time, but it's the best
10,I still can't forget the last scene The best movie of my life ♥
10,If it's a good movie to watch again, it's worth 10 points
10,A movie that I've seen more than 150 times with my hands on my heart. It's one of the masterpieces that marked the peak of my joy in watching a movie.
10,Even though I've watched it a hundred times, if OCN plays it, I'm watching it with a straight face.
10,It's my life movie. I hope you make time to watch it
10,A masterpiece. It has a pleasant ending and a lesson.
10,My life movie. Every time I see it, it gives me something new.
10,I felt the hot heart of this movie. I want to say that it was the movie that made me the most excited in my 19 years of life. I want to have my hopes for a high school senior who has given in to reality now.
10,I've watched it at least 10 times in the past 20 years, and it's a movie that makes me not get tired of watching it. The movie of my life.
9,a calm and moving film
10,a masterpiece of calm and resonant masterpieces
10,In fact, I have seen the poster of this movie when I was young, but at that time, I did not watch it because I still liked action movies As I became an adult today, I am glad that I did not watch this movie when I was young.What does a child know to watch such a great movie!
10,Yes?
10,I want to say that this movie is so touching and the most valuable movie, making a fuss because I feel like I have gained valuable happiness and hope now, which is the hardest time of my young life.I am honored to leave my first rating on Shawshank's Escape.
10,The movie that changed the ranking of my life movie...
10,To Jihuataneho's Bucket List
10,If I have to pick one of my favorite movies,
10,Why didn't I watch it when it was re-released? I hope it comes back on the screen ㅠㅠ
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
10,'꾸준함' 의 / 에 관한 영화.  지질학은 압력과 시간의 연구다.
10,There is no need for words. You'll find out if it's just a masterpiece.
10,Even if you're not looking forward to it, you have to be fooled.To be honest, they'd just dig themselves out of jail.You can mix it with OOO Inception Interstellar
10,Why did I watch this now?I really understand why they say it's a masterpiece.There's no time to be bored, it's not a random ending, the movie itself flows naturally, and there's a twist.It's the best. I've never used this word before
10,A movie that comes to mind when you think of hope
10,As time goes by, black hair and gray hair become clearer, the more excited the movie is
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,Movies that I'm going to watch a few more times
10,That's the only thing I can say
10,Quietly touching. Famous lines...
10,The best movie of my life... There are many wise sayings in the movie and I should live my life thankful even in my busy daily life
10,release a solitary bird into the sky
10,It's a perfect movie. I'll look for it whenever I think of it
10,It is still a masterpiece that I saw in 2016. In a word, subtle and indescribable emotions are mixed.
10,Hyeongseok gave you 8.5 points after putting all kinds of rhetoric on it. I guess the critic shouldn't give you more than 9 points. It's your last pride to give you 1.5 points after rave reviews
10,Do you need words?
10,It's a masterpiece...Haha
10,There's no need for words. If you stopped by, please watch it.
10,The best movie...No regrets
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words
10,I think I've seen it about 50 times, but it's a great movie every time
10,The best movie of my life
10,From the second half of the movie... This is my real life from now on
10,The best scene is the scene where Figaro's marriage resonates in prison.
10,There's no need to say that I know my GPA well because I'm lazy. I think it's a life-changing movie.
10,It's a pity that I was spoiled and watched. I've heard about the ending, and it's fun to watch it. It's a pity that many people couldn't watch this movie without being spoiled.
1,It's a regular broadcast on the cable, but it's so boring that I've never seen it properly before.
10,A movie that you have to watch and think about once a year
10,If I were to pick the best masterpiece of my life, I would definitely pick Shawshank Escape and Green Mile.
10,When I see Andy's escape from prison, I feel empowered to escape from the prison of my heart.
10,I am happy that I can dream after watching this movie
10,So stay awake, when your master will come.
10,I just saw it again, but it's still a moving masterpiece
10,I can't believe I just saw this now.
10,an exquisite push-and-pull of daily life and deviations
10,If you happen to watch the channel again and again, you end up watching it until the movie.
10,It's so much fun. Really
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,It's like making a movie out of a person's life itself You're all having a hard time, right? Hang in there and try, and one day good day will come!I watched the movie for the first time later, but it turns out that I only copied the movie a little bit, which is the best!
10,It showed how important it is to have hope in a world that is vulnerable to bondage.
10,Let's give him a rating for the first time That's how much I enjoyed it. I can't forget the last scene
10,I don't get tired of watching it many times, and I almost memorized how the diem scene would go, but I always enjoy watching it
10,I'll try to live with hope
10,The best movie I've seen more than 10 times
10,I am touched every time I see it.
10,Make sure you watch it. It's the best movie
10,The movie that shook my life, it's amazing
10,I watched a movie again today after a long time, and I was even more moved.It reminds me of the line, "Hope is good, and good things never go away."^^I strongly recommend this movie as a movie that gives hope and courage when you are tired and exhausted.
10,Everything is impeccable. There is a hope that Korean movies will demand a forced impression of the obvious story and that there will be many good movies in Korea that have a clear message and are not pushed back in story and production.
10,I'm just sad that I can't give you 10 points
10,A movie that you watch until the end whenever you rerun it
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it. I'm doing it again
10,If there's anyone who hasn't seen it, you have to show it
10,I'm sorry I didn't see you in the theaterIf it was re-released...
10,Best movie ever. Best movie ever
10,It's a pity I didn't see it in the theater.
10,It is my first time to post a review while watching a movie. There is no need for words.
10,The last scene was impressive I felt like I was in heaven
10,No words needed, the best masterpiece.
10,All I can say is that it's a masterpiece. A must-see movie before you die
10,Now I realized that my reality was a frustrating and dark bottom like Andy's situation in Shawshank, but I was tamed and complacent without realizing it. This movie is like a stimulant. It gives a message that we should not lose hope and work hard for our goal.
10,It is fun even though it is an old movie. It's like the main menu at a restaurant that is loved for a long time. The composition and seasoning are perfect, and the taste is deep, and the feeling is unique. Even if there are many similar movies, I still look for them sometimes
10,A movie with a strange charm. I can't get enough of it.
10,I'm still watching until the end when I'm on TV
10,There's no needless space
10,I was so touched when Andy and Red reunited
10,Good...
10,Andy Duprein to listen to Mozart's "Sull'aria". The most touching scene where you can always feel the charm of music.
10,The best movie that I can say without hesitation to people who ask me about my life movie. The movie that makes my heart flutter every time I watch it after watching it more than 10 times. The movie is like a law to me.
8,It was worth watching, but the story was so childish. It was like an educational movie
10,I can't help but give you 10 fun movies.
10,I enjoyed watching it.Haha
10,I can't explain hope and joy in words
10,Those with clear goals move forward even on the toughest roads, and those without any goals cannot move forward on the most smooth roads.
10,Life movies Even if you are tired of life, if you live with hope, you will get a chance
9,Honestly, I didn't want to watch it because it was a 1994 movie, but it's fun to watch. It has a solid story
10,Do you need anything more to say?
10,It's so much fun. If it were me, I'd be scared to move.That's great.
10,Why did I watch this movie now? The last reunion is the best ever. Goosebumps.
10,Out of all the movies, dramas, and cartoons I've seen, it's the best ending ever!
10,Movie websites such as IMDB and Rotten Tomatoes do not have higher ratings than masterpieces such as Godfather and Dark Knight.
10,Perhaps the definition of hope
10,It's the best movie. Good, good
10,The Shawshank Escape showed how unfair it was to be framed And unless you give up hope, chances will surely come. Yes, hope, it's never a crazy idea It's the best privilege that only those who don't give up until the end can taste it^
10,It's a movie that hasn't been awkward for a long time... It's also enlightening
10,Some birds shouldn't be caged
10,This is a masterpiece
10,A touching and beautiful movie that spreads the wings of freedom in the sky of Shawshank. A masterpiece of a masterpiece. One of the few legendary movies that touched my heart. "Fear will lock you up as a prisoner and hope will set you free."
10,the most ridiculous work of all time
10,It's strange that I didn't get an Academy Award. I think it's the most watched movie in my life. Strangely enough, I can't get enough of it.
10,It's been a while since I looked it up.  It's fun even after a long time.L
10,There's a bird that can't be trapped in a cage. The wings are too ecstatic to be trapped.
10,It was so touching and it made me look back on my life I think it was a good choice
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie that you want to watch one more time, recommended, and left a deep impression
10,142 minutes of ecstasy and wonder
10,I can't give you another score.
10,A movie that I really want to watch againㅠㅠ
10,The best movie I've ever seen in my life, and the best movie I'll ever see
10,I saw it because it was the highest rating. Now I know why it's No.1
9,Isn't this a movie called "Royal Fire"?  Showing everything in the shower as a group of male prisoners. Is it okay for a man to show anything?
10,The most impressive and touching movie I've ever seen
1,Is it that great? I don't like it
10,It's a masterpiece even though I haven't seen it in a while ㅜㅜ I can't forget the last scene...
10,If you haven't watched it, make sure to watch it!
9,This movie is full of great scenes. The scene of drinking beer, the opera, the scene of Andy escaping, the scene of Andy roaring in the rain, and the last scene where Andy and Red meet again, and the fact that there are so many scenes in the movie that will remain in history
10,It's been more than a year since we saw each other, but the rating is around 9 points, so I came to give you a rating.
10,I watched the best movie.
10,After the movie ended, tears just poured out of my eyes
10,The best! I really enjoyed watching this movie
10,The best movie of my life.
10,I'm sure it's the best movie
10,Why is the rating so low? It's not even 9.5...
10,I don't watch more than two movies for more than three hours, but it's as good as spring two, with Morgan Freeman
10,One of the best movies. After escaping from prison, you spread out your hands by the stream and look up at the sky and enjoy the freedom. That's the best scene
10,I regret and thank you for knowing this movie now The best movie of my life
10,Even if I watch it again, masterpieces don't change
10,One of the best movies.
10,If you don't give this movie 10 points, there's no movie that can get 10 points
10,The most touching moment of my life...
10,Steadiness, and hope. Maybe I was losing these two things. After watching the movie, I got hope to start again with a new mind.
10,It's an eternal masterpiece in my heart.
10,It's the best. It's fun. It's the prison story. It's fun I watched it more than 10 times. I'm so touched
10,This movie is the best I can't deny it
10,I am happy to see this movie
10,I want to shake a warm handshake with my friend.
10,I want to hear Red play the harmonica.
10,Towards a 9.4 GPA!
10,I hope! I hope!
10,The last scene where Andy, who regained his freedom, was reunited with Red, who was released on parole, and hugged him on the sandy beach is touching.
10,It's enough to think about what's important in life
10,I'm telling you, people who might want to take a look at this.Just watch...You can see why movies that are 20 years old don't fall in the ratings at all.I hope this kind of movie will come out again.
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,I can't put it into words...
10,My life movie with Leon and Hisher. At the end, he was attacked with an unbearable heart attack. It's a movie that makes life interesting after watching it.
10,Andy was a man who clearly knew the value of life.Therefore, he called the prisoners colleagues and knew the value of a glass of beer and considered the song more important than the warden's warning and solo travelI have created opportunities for higher education for many colleagues and I have shown a lot in my weekly letters for six years
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,Good... You're really the best. Please watch it
10,My favorite movie... Everything was good.
10,Hope is good thing, a great movie is different!
10,Count Monte Cristo is also recommended for a similar movie
10,Is there another movie like this?
10,It was fun. I hate heat generation
8,I saw it twice in a week. a masterpiece
10,This was the best movie of my life.  It's a movie that makes you think of something new every time you watch it over 20 times
10,Andy never loses his faith in prison. That's cool. A movie that makes you reflect on yourself
1,좋아, 좋아, 좋아.
10,Who gave me 1 point?
10,You eat the best. 10 letters.
10,It's a masterpiece even after a masterpiece
10,Their life, their hope, the best movie that their friendship filled my heart.
6,It was fun, but it was also boring. But I admit that there will be no such masterpiece
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Good laugh
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,I watched the best movie rating and it was the best
10,It's one of the best movies
10,I'm touched even when I see it again after many years
10,a legendary work without words
10,My favorite movie. I even have a DVD. It's a movie that makes your hands sweat even if you watch it more than 10 times
10,The best, the best, the best&^^
10,It's fun to watch the best movie again
10,The best movie I've ever seen.It's a masterpiece. No words needed.
10,It was best that good things never go away, that hope never goes away.
9,The lives of prisoners who have adapted to a long prison life and are unable to establish themselves in society even after being released from prison are regrettable. It is also a movie that showed appreciation for freedom. It's an old movie, but it's still great even now and it makes me think more as I get older.
10,It's a movie about life itself.
10,Why did you name the movie this phrase? If Redemption is difficult to interpret, say Shawshank Prison. What's escape? The title is giving a spoiler
1,I don't think it's a big deal. It's not realistic
10,After watching this movie, it became difficult to give 10 points to other movies.
10,There's no need for words.This movie is //
10,It's good to watch it again~~~~
10,It's definitely the best movie.
10,The last one is a really cool and neat movie
10,I learned a lot from this movie when I was a senior in high schoolI thank this movie for knowing what freedom I want.
10,You're the best. I don't need another word
10,The best masterpiece of my life...
10,I'm tired and numb right now.I happened to see this movie.A movie that tells us the true meaning of tame.This isn't the time.We have to get out of it.
10,When I watched this movie for the first time when I was a teenager and 14 years old, I was encouraged when I was 27 years old when I was facing a job shortage in my 20sThirty-six now gave me a lot of courage to ask myself to cherry blossom the fence and do something.I watched this movie almost 20 times What do you need to say?
10,Shawshank escape is Shawshank escape.That's more than enough.
10,Every time I see it, it's a masterpiece
10,I don't think we should talk about a masterpiece in front of Shawshank's Escape.
10,My face was smiling from the second half of the wholeheartedly. I was tearing up by the time the ending credit went up. It's a movie that gives me a lot of thoughts and inspiration. A must-see movie.
10,It's the first movie I've ever seen
10,Hope is a good thing. And good things never go away.
10,- It's the best ^-^ I was watching a movie late, so I watched it
10,10 points should be used here
10,"Goo-Nyang's masterpiece" is definitely 10 points
7,Who'd have imagined the greatest escape at the time?
10,Moderately interrupted humor, a proper storyline. the last twist the proper arrangement of double tracks A perfect movie.
10,If life is boring and boring, watch this movie and see another world and live with the meaning of living again.
10,I can't forget watching Forest Gump and Shawshank Escape in the movie theater when I was in middle school. You have to watch both movies until the end when you're on TV channel. I've seen Shawshank 20 times. The number of viewers will increase ^^
10,Thank you for making the best movie of my life^^
10,I want to give you a perfect score.
10,123459678910 If I had the ability to be liked by the warden like Andy, I would have lived in Shawshank prison until I died, and I would have enjoyed and satisfied with it.I think that's how I live in reality, not Shawshank. In the cage, hope is a luxury, considered impossible.
10,My favorite movie... Even if I watch it many times, it's a masterpiece
10,It's a really good movie. I'm sad that none of the other movies of the main character stand out to me
10,Who knew in the beginning that the warden said, "There's hope in books" would be a bait?A masterpiece is definitely a masterpiece
10,No.1 movie. A moving movie every time I watch it
10,Watching this movie again today, there is a hidden meaning in chess. Andy Warl: "Chess is a sophisticated, strategic game. I'll teach you sometime."… I think the scariest thing is not a person's hope, but the will to hope.
10,It's a movie that touches your heart with solid scenarios
10,A movie that doesn't need words.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,It's a movie that I want to watch forever
10,It's not the highest rating for no reason. It's a movie that I watched whenever I was bored, but I watch it again!
10,Various emotions come to me that are indescribable. Things I've never felt as a child now.
10,O o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o
9,I was bored for about an hour.Escape from prison...I've been expecting this since the time of the hammering.But at the end of the day...It was really touching...When Red read the letter, my heart was full too.It's even more surprising that it's a true story. There were a few problems, but I think it was generally good♡
10,You can give him a point. He evaluates the movie himself. But this movie is unacceptable.
10,That's perfect. You should get 9.8 points
10,The story of prison life was interesting, but it made me feel that this movie was the best because I was able to get touched while maintaining a high level of immersion until the end. I think it will make you realize again that the last bright sea and the white sand should have hope until the end.
10,It is a famous painting that is interesting even if you know the content.
9,An incomplete masterpiece that would have been perfect if it weren't for the speaker Red, who crosses between the observer and the forerunner.
10,I can still remember the emotion of that time.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie.
10,It seems that anyone who is at some peak in the field of engagement day will approach on of the best movie in my hole life wants light wherever they go. I couldn't help but admire myself while watching it at dawn.
10,When Morgan Freeman comes out of Shawshank later and goes to the place Andy told me... Indeed, the process was so brilliant.
10,What do you need to say?
10,The best masterpiece of my life.10 characters
10,The movie that made me feel the importance of things that are now prevalent
10,It's a good story even if it comes out now
10,After the exam, I had a lot of time, so I watched it again. As expected, it was the best.
10,This is the movie. I'm so into it
10,It's the movie of my life.It was a very interesting and meaningful movie without boring. A movie that reminded us that humans cannot do anything without hope.
10,I write for the first time. Of course, it is not my first time to watch a movie. But the impressions and lessons this movie gives you will at least be the most beneficial in your life. Hope will be another start Doubt will only make you weak "Stay awake. When will your master come?" Always get ready
10,It's a good movie. If you haven't watched it, make sure to watch it.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's a good movie. Thank you
10,Thank you for being alive and being able to watch this movie ㅠㅠ The greatest masterpiece of my life...
10,A movie that doesn't need words!
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,No matter how many times I look at it, it's new and amazing.
10,I think I've seen it ten times. I look up some scenes
10,Are we happier than Andy?Are we more free now than Andy in Lake Zahwatane?That's the questionThere are so many things we have to protect in the word freedomRather, the word freedom is suffocating"Freedom ㅠㅠ Promise! ㅠㅠ I hate being an adult.The more I know, the more breathtaking I getI miss Andy's smile.It's pretty
10,The movie that I'm going to watch dozens of times in the future movies!
10,When I was in middle school, my Korean teacher watched it and told me about the movie throughout the class. It was so detailed that I could picture the scene.It was a movie that I saw after receiving a huge spoiler, but it was really touching
10,I saw it on TV often, and I knew it was famous, but I put it off and I saw it because it was OCN at dawn.It's just touching. It's not a masterpiece. It's just the best ㅠㅠ screen
10,The best movie ever. The more you get older, the deeper the scenes are
10,Even if I watch it again, recommend a masterpiece!
10,A man who relied on familiarity and a man who craved freedom. Freedom became a hope and a thrill.
10,Um... do you need a word?
10,The best movie that's always fun to watch
10,I can't get enough of watching movies that don't need words
10,A life movie that tells us that we need to make a desperate effort to achieve our hopes
1,I don't know. I don't know.
10,I saw it today. It was so good.
10,There is no need for words. I can't give you 100 points, so I just give you 10 points
10,I'm leaving a message for the first time...
10,It was such a great movie that I didn't know how time went by.Indeed, masterpieces remain masterpieces over time
10,With the best movie of my life, Dead Poet Society.
1,Idols are cursed because of Ppasoon, and Shortal is cursed because of Ppasoon. It's a 100 point movie, but because of you guys, it's zero
10,This movie is a legend.I love this movie
10,I'm just sad that there's no higher score
10,It's philosophy. It's a great thing
10,There was a bit of boredom, but the real masterpiece was a masterpiece.It was a great movie...Why didn't you watch it until now?
10,Life movies, masterpieces, hope is a good thing.
10,I learned a good lesson from "Don't get lazy and get used to it and live with hope." No matter what environment comes in the future, I will live with hope.
10,The movie I want to watch again is No.1
10,I've never had a movie like this before, and I don't think it's going to come out in the future. If you haven't seen the best movie in history, please watch it and feel a lot of things
10,It must be the best movie of my life
9,How dare you judge...
10,Jilin, ..., ..., ...
10,Not just an escape movie, but the best movie of my life that taught me what friendship, hope, and true freedom are.
10,What's the reason for this movie's rating? I don't even know why professional ratings are in the eight-point range. The best movie of my life
1,Well, overrated. It's for grading.
10,Can you give me 20 points?
1,Don't overestimate If it doesn't work, I have to cut it down like this
10,It must be a masterpiece...
10,It's the best movie of my life. It is a movie that makes me feel a lot of things even if I watch it again and again and again. A movie that makes you think about human hope and freedom. A movie that makes you think about the meaning of life and dream of the future.
10,I don't know how many times I watched it again. My favorite movie with Sound of Music
10,Don't lower your GPA. I won't watch Korean movies
10,It's a great movie. Why do I still remember what I saw when I was in elementary school?
10,It's the movie of my life. 1 point... What is it?
9,This movie feels like it's lacking by 2%, but it's a touching movie that's well-
10,Hope and despair A movie that makes you look back on the life of China and look forward to it.the greatest masterpiece
10,I love Morgan Freeman's voice
10,It's not a movie you can judge.
10,Honestly, this movie needs to go to first place Why am I pushed back to third place?
10,Look at the title if you want to know the twist of this movie.
7,It's moving in the movie, but I don't think it's better than Alcatraz Escape.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,I was happy to see you again at the theater
10,It was a movie 20 years ago, but now it's not behind the movie
10,I think I know why Shawshank Escape is called a masterpiece over the years.
10,The long lingering feeling that I have every time I see itAs I get older, that emotion gets bigger
10,I think it's close to perfect.
10,What's in my heart, I can't take anyone away. an unforgettable line
10,It's the first time that a big smile was made in the last scene.  It's the best movie of my life.
10,I saw a sensuous and beautiful piece of work in the real world where commercial films and art and creation, like autistic children, are shown on the screen, with bizarre independence, low budget, stimulation, or star-studded trash
10,Jiwataneo is an island where my friend is waiting for me
10,Best movie ever...The excitement of hope and overwhelming emotion...
10,How far is this movie? I was switching channels, and I saw it briefly, and I was sitting with the computer on until the end.shivering
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,Good things don't go away.
10,I read everything whenever T-secretary does it for me needless words
10,If you ask me to give you 10 points for just one of the movies I've seen so far... This movie is 10 points for me.
10,The man who made this movie is not a man. It's a movie made by a hammer.
10,Wow... Saving Private Ryan, Leon, and this, I think classic movies are more interesting and touching than the latest movies. I hope that Korea will produce more masterpieces than just aiming for the box office success.
10,Why did I see this now? It still lingers...
1,A good movie is obvious, but it seems too highly rated.
9,I thought of the word "wet clothes in the drizzle".It's not like a storm, but it's a movie that gently wets my heart
10,It's such a masterpiece that it's weird not to get 10 points!
10,The thrill of going 500 yards.
9,Unforgettable last twist and crazy acting skills
10,What should I write about evaluating this movie?
10,The scale of the message in the movie teaches the most valuable thing in a huge movie life
10,Really... It's my favorite movie. Thank you for making a good movie.
10,Is this the right way for me? I think I'm just having a fantasy. I thought, Duplaine broke it.However, it was different that he had been silently trying for nearly 20 years. Perhaps thinking that there is no hope is proof that I am not trying.
10,the best film in film history
10,If it's fun to watch it again and again, that's a masterpiece
10,The best movie ever, hope
10,A movie that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Nice and touching movie!!!
10,It's fun every time I see it! A masterpiece that lacks 10 points, the best movie of my life!
10,I regret watching this movie now.
10,The content and message of the movie are touching, but each and every scene of the movie is simply fun and precious.I think this kind of movie is a good movie and a classic or a masterpiece. Rather than the provocative visual beauty of today, it's a movie that makes you want to watch it again and again and again.
10,Awesome... a movie that doesn't make sense
10,From small episodes to the last twist, a fun movie
10,Wow... It's pathetic that I just watched this movie. I don't like sitting down for two hours to watch a movie, but it's really fun and touching from beginning to end. I should watch it one more time.
10,It was so impressive that I couldn't describe it in words. I really recommend it as the best episode of my life!!!
10,I saw this masterpiece today. How can you paint the extermination of a prisoner better than this? But I haven't read a single novel by the original author.
10,Hope doesn't come true just by dreaming, let's do it thoroughly and meticulously
10,You can see my lethargic side of the world after watching Shawshank.
10,I downloaded it every year and watched it, but it's been 5 years since I watched it.
10,Even after more than 10 years, no movie has been released. I don't think there will be another 10 years from now.
10,If this movie was really fun, I watched it because I thought it would be fun to turn on the TV and change the channel
10,Alan Green, who helped make the movie shine even more, I'm just grateful to him.
10,I am very dissatisfied with why there is no more than 10 points.
10,If you want to know how it feels to be indebted,
10,I want to re-release it now... I'm happy ㅠㅠ
10,It is questionable why the rating has fallen behind Zootopia.
10,Acting 7, Music 8, Directing 8, Story 10, Work 10
10,The first movie you must watch before you die.
10,I've seen thousands of movies, but this movie is the best
10,Nice movie. I didn't know there was a masterpiece like this in the '90s
8,A good movie is right, but it's not a ten-point movie
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,Hope is a good thing. It's the most precious thing.Good things never go away. - Andy Duprein in the movie. - A movie that gets used to and tamed by something and forgets the meaning of life. Recommend.
10,It is a movie that I want to give 100 points.
10,As expected, Shawshank... The movie that I felt more when I watched it the second time than when I watched it the first time
6,Showa Shank's Escape from Prison, this is not just a comic movie.
10,A movie that touched my heart...Please watch it
10,I'll have to watch it a few more times. I had a really indescribable feeling.
10,The message to our lives in prison is the same thing.  " I didn't like this place at first. But soon you get used to it and eventually you rely on it "
9,The thing I regret the most is that I watched Prison Break before I watched this.
10,I've watched this movie 10 times. 10 points
10,It's not a movie. It's a real art
10,The best movie of my life.
10,The movie I watched with bated breath from beginning to end.
10,It's the 8th time I'm watching...  It was a movie that was made 20 years ago, but I think it is a good movie even now.
10,The best movie I've ever seen.
10,I can't say anything.I've never given a rating, but I can't help but use this.In short, it is the best movie.
10,The magic that makes you watch from the middle to the end
10,It's a movie that makes you feel like Morgan Freeman
10,It was such a good movie I strongly recommend it
9,The last scene that hasn't been forgotten
10,A movie that's good to watch over and over and over again.
10,I had nothing to do with them, but the moment I watched the movie, I was laughing, crying, hurting, and getting angry. The movie was so happy that it didn't feel like a long time. It's a real movie.
8,Embrace to change the self and atmosphere that is realized in a place that restrains people and takes away their original self.
10,The class of masterpieces lasts forever
5,I guess I was looking forward to it because it was such a masterpiece. It was fun, but it wasn't enough to focus, and it wasn't enough to touch my heart. A movie that's worth watching at least once
10,This is the most touching movie I have ever seen. Andy cried when he met Red in Mexico.
10,It's the best. I can't help but say that it's the best movie
10,Was it in 1996?The movie that became the compass of my life in my heart when I was a middle school student
10,It's a movie that I can't talk about
10,You can't help but watch the movie many times on TV
10,Don't watch the movie if you give a point.   It is surprising that he directed such a story. A masterpiece in the history of movies
10,It's my favorite movie. Good
10,Do you need a word? Hope is a good thing
10,one of the best works of one's life
10,Best of the best movie
10,The media of film was created, and Shawshank became immortal
10,I should always have hope whenever I have a hard time.I'm a free man and I have free will
10,It's hard to get out of the wave of emotion even if you look at it again.Undeterred, he becomes an icon of hope and freedom, even in stark prison.Prisoners' expressions as Figaro's marriage resonates.Screaming in the rain after escaping.The reunion of the two main characters at the end of the movie is the best. ^^
10,The ending scene was the best part of this movie
10,I'm sorry. I only gave you 10 points.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Without saying anything else, it's the best. The end
10,바쁘게 살고, 죽기 바쁘게 살아라.
10,My favorite movie! I watched it for the third time, but it's still good
10,This movie really doesn't need words. You're the best ㅠㅠ
10,As expected, it is the best work. The characters are all charming
10,It's the best! I loved it because I could see something new every time I saw it, but when I saw it on the screen, I could see the emotions in detail, and the direction and story that I was amazed by, but I was able to see it thinking about the emotions of the character more than everHaha
10,It was a shame that I couldn't see it at the movie theater because it was released when I was young, but it was re-released and I watched it.I'm so glad that I saw this movie at the theater
10,The best twist and story I've ever seen
10,This is really the best ever...I watched it too late ㅠㅠ
10,It's just the best...
10,Hope will set me free
10,the yearning, the effort, and the hope for freedom
10,Twenty years later, I still remember the scenes and lines.A masterpiece!
10,It's so nice. Make sure to watch it.
10,It's the best work of my life.
10,It's a masterpiece. If you haven't seen it, please watch it.
1,It's a waste of money.
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
10,I'm about to escape, too^^;
10,The best movie of my life that gives me goosebumps every time I watch it
10,My favorite character, Andy DuPrain!
10,I hope this movie will be a hope for people all over the world.
10,I watched the re-released movie at Yongsan CGV yesterday as a late night movie. I was so touched. I was sad that I couldn't see it at the theater before, but I was late for about 15 minutes, but I was glad that I did well.There were only three visitors, but it was great! the best movie
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I re-released it and watched it again, but the ending scene lingers no matter how many times I watch it.
10,Hope is a good thing!  If you don't give up, you'll definitely come!
10,In short, the best movie of my life
9,An ensemble of scenarios and edits. The actors' acting is good, too. It's compared to the recently released Extra Prosecutor movie. What will we talk about against the backdrop of prisons. No one is cursing the male protagonist who escaped from prison. Because he craved humanity, and he put it into practice.
10,The first time I saw it was when I was in high school. Along with Cinema Heaven, movie is a masterpiece that made me passionately love art. If you haven't seen it, I recommend you to watch it. Like a book, a movie can change a person's life. Like this movie to me.
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it forever I think it's a masterpiece
10,Why did I watch the best movie now?
10,The movie that shocked me, who believed that the movie was the best that made my eyes happy with the rapid development
10,Throwing away one of the three movies of my life and putting this in
10,It's a movie that you can't help but be surprised and admire. A movie that doesn't waste 10 points
10,The best movie of my life. Do I need anything else besides this?
10,A film with a tremendous catharsis, a film about the beach where the emotions of DuPresne's escape are felt high and the last freedom is unforgettable
10,I was so lucky to see it in the movie theater, and hope in my gloomy life is a good thing...It had a good influence.
10,I watched it on TV, recorded it on video, downloaded it, watched it at the theater, and watched it countless times.I remember two lines: "Remember, Red Hope is a good thing. It's the most important thing. The important thing doesn't go away." "Live somehow, die somehow
10,This is the movie of my life.ㅜㅜ
10,I was more touched when I went to the movie theater. I hope to see it at the movie theater.I know why it's 10 points
10,It's so touching. It's the best movie
10,I watched it a long time ago. It's the best movie of my life.
10,The impression this movie gives is always the same.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,A movie that's good to watch at least once in your life
10,The best movie of my life! "Masterpiece"
10,A few days ago, I found out about this movie while I was looking for famous moviesIt is an old movie, so I downloaded it because I couldn't watch it in the theater, but I'm really glad that it will be re-released like this. I want to watch it in the theater and feel a new feeling
10,Thank you so much for re-release.
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,Escape should be smart, too. So let's study
10,The movie that I want to watch again is the best!
10,I don't need words. I've never thought that I'd watch it again after I watched it
10,I knew what life movie was.
10,Will I be able to see another movie like this, the best masterpiece that gave me the top spot in my heart?
10,A movie that I can't help but give you 10 points. I want to recommend it to everyone I know.
10,A movie that doesn't need words.
10,After watching this movie, I thought about hope and freedom again, and I remembered hope again. A good thing never disappears.
10,Yongsan CGV] I watched the rerun yesterday on February 24, 2016, and there is no doubt that it is one of the best movies.I am going to change 'one of the best movies' to 'the best movies of my life so far'.
10,I saw it in the theater yesterday and it's the best. When I saw my friend who was complaining about bringing me here on a cold day, I was so moved that I couldn't say anything
10,I'm just going to press it.
10,Even though it was 22 years ago, it is still very interesting.
10,I watched it rerun on CGV yesterday. I was happy to see my favorite movie on the screen. I was really happy.
10,There is no word to express but the best...
10,Good ㅠㅠ 감동 I'm touched.
10,The fact that only one point was given to this movie means that other films were not worth commenting on
10,Do you need words? Of course, it's 10 points
10,This is quite famous
10,I don't know how to write my first GPA.
10,If you want to watch a movie, you have to watch something like this.
10,One of the most memorable movies I've ever seen is really a masterpiece
10,I usually don't watch movies twice, but it was the first movie I watched twice since Inception. I don't know why I watched this movie now. a masterpiece itself
10,Do you need words?
10,Good...!!!!!ㅇㅅㅇ
10,There is no less than ten points. A masterpiece you'll never see again
10,It was because of hope that we could finish what seemed to take 600 years in 20 years
10,This is a great movie that doesn't have a second to throw away
10,This is just 10 points!
6,It's one of the best movies I've ever seen, but I don't understand it
10,The title was a spoiler, but it is a movie worth watching. There are many reruns on TV these days, but this movie is a movie that you have to pay for.You have to watch it because it's the least polite thing about this movie.It will be re-released in 2 days. Let's go see it
10,How can I express my feelings after the movie?
10,The best movie of my life. It's a masterpiece that's still impressive
10,A movie that is unforgettable in my memory. A movie that makes me feel like I was living in that movie. A movie that is hard to express in words. This movie is my life's work
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
9,Adapting to situations wherever you are
10,You're the best! The best!
10,I just watched it on the movie channel without much expectation, but now it is one of the most popular movies. I really want to watch it at the theater when it is released again, but I am worried because I don't know where and how long it will be shown.crying
10,The best movie of my life. I think I've seen it more than five times. When the music resonates on the prison campus, I can't get enough of the emotion. Red's last line.
10,There is a reason for a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it. Watch it twice, three times, and keep watching.
10,It's so cool that I don't have anything to say when I re-opening it
10,This kind of movie can be called a masterpiece Twist and touching!No matter how many times I watch it, I cry. I don't know what it means to re-release it, but I'm sure I'll go see it again. Joo's Unspeakable Secrets and Shawshank Escape! The best I've ever seen in my life
10,If you watch it 100 times, you'll be amazed 100 times.
10,It's a movie that you must watch every time you watch it
10,Thankful movie. Thank you for making it. I hope you don't get nervous like Brooks, and live bravely.It's the goal of my life.
10,Watching this movie more than 10 times, I was moved in different scenes every time. Lastly, I want to go on a trip because I want to see the blue sea that I felt touched. The movie of my life that made me feel that I was growing up.
10,Hold on till the end and you'll laugh.On the beach in Hawaii
10,I think I'm going to cry every time I see it ㅜㅜ Deep down inside...
10,I did log in to give you 10 points. This movie is 100 out of 10.
10,Do you need a word?
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it!
10,A movie that feels freedom in life
6,It's a simple and a little geographical movie. This movie, which made 23 million dollars at the time of its release in North America, topped the rating list in Korea. This is not right. Personally, 6 points.
10,Probability Touching Humor Implication Nothing short of ending Best movie ㅠㅠ
10,Wow, 10 Legend has been re-released
10,Hope is good. I have to watch all the masterpieces before I die
10,The reason I exist now. One of my friends is Brooks. a film full of the joys and sorrows of life
10,A masterpiece talks about this kind of movie
10,This movie is just a legend...
10,This is my favorite movie no matter how many times I watch it
10,Oh, Tommy ㅠㅠ Prisoner General Pussy
10,The movie makes me wonder why there are no 11 points
10,Morgan Freeman seems to be a really good actor. I was an old man 20 years ago and I still feel nervous when I see you acting
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times, but every time I watch it, I'm so into it like I've never seen it before.The movie of my life with Forrest Gump... is the best!!!
10,This movie and the Truman Show, Forest Gump, Clementine. They are the best movies in the world
10,There's no need for words.
10,The director of "Walking Dead"
10,A movie like a textbook for a good movie.There's a lesson, great directing skills, great acting by the right actors.What else do we need?
10,Man is cruel, and great
10,There is no need for words. It's the best.
10,Do you need any further explanation for this movie?
8,I'm looking at least be a prosecutor? I think it's a story sync in the early and mid spring.
10,Everyone must watch different movies in their lives. I give you 10 points because it is a good movie. I logged in to register my GPA because I was out of first place
10,The first and last movie to get a rating
10,Will I just live by others' standards or will I live as a leap forward with "hope"?  My favorite movie... It's the best.
10,Wash... I don't need to say anything I mean it. 1 point, terrorists are the best movies that taught me a lesson in my life to the point where I feel sorry for not seeing a masterpiece like this in my entire life. Two hours of investment will change my life
10,It's a masterpiece. Do you need words?
10,It's just my favorite movie.
10,No words needed. My favorite movie
10,I watch it once a year. It's the best masterpiece that I can't miss
10,"Show Shank Escape"... There was nothing to watch, so the movie that I watched became my life movie.
10,Hope is not torture. Rather, it is one of the energy sources that helps us live.
10,There's no need for words to give him 10 points
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,Perfect movie. Every scene has no wrong comma or period.
10,I don't need words. I think it's a masterpiece with Forestgump
10,I dare call it the best closing film of the year.
10,If a movie becomes a work of art beyond a movie, would it be like this?
10,No words needed. Drinking beer on the rooftop
10,Hope... The story of a man who couldn't miss hope
10,Is there no other movie like this?
10,I can't express it in words.It's really the best
10,The reason why movies are art...
10,It's amazing.
10,I hope that all of you who read this will be happy forever.
10,Huh? You're doing it again?Totally love
10,Shawshank Escape Reopens = God-given opportunity to learn life from movies
10,No matter how many times I watch it...  This movie is the best in terms of completeness!
10,I want to see the brain of the person who lost 1 pointMaybe he's a bad fit for society?Is it an attention seeker?I'm so curious. Who lost 1 point?
10,Andy was entitled to enjoy freedom, so he was able to escape
10,I really enjoyed watching it in the past. How popular it must have been to re-release it
10,It's the first time in my life that I've ever rated a movie and left a commentIt's an amazing movie I think I know how precious my friend is
10,A movie that you must watch in your life
10,It's a masterpiece from middle school, high school, and I still watch it's a masterpiece! Aside from the lesson, the movie itself is fun!
5,The best movie of Grand Josheng.
10,브룩스가 여기 있었어요 레드도 그랬고
10,The best movie, to say the least, hurts my mouth
10,One of my life's movies! Watching and watching is full of tension and catharsis!
10,It is a movie that gave me a big message. I'll make the message tangible.
10,Andy는 너에게 사는 법을 말한다.
10,There are always people who don't understand movies and give 1 rating everywhere.s
10,It's a movie that makes you concentrate no matter what
10,Hope, freedom, the best value a man can desire.It's the best movie ever.
9,My heart flutters every time I see it. How many works are there in my life?
10,Just because you didn't get an award, you'll know the level of the academy level
10,How many points did Park Pyeongsik give this movie?
10,A movie that doesn't need words. A movie that you can only see if you
10,It's the best movie. I watched it 500 times.
10,the most lingering prison film
10,It's one of the best movies of my life.
10,It's the best movie that I can still feel touched.
10,I think we should make a movie like this.Hope is great.
10,Hmm... I heard that masterpieces don't go through generations
9,It ended well, but Andy was really unhappy And I was happy when Norton's sin was revealed, and I saw it
10,It's weird if you haven't seen this movie.
10,If you ask me what is the best movie I've ever seen, I'll tell you this movie
10,I've watched the best movie more than 10 times, and it's fun to watch again
10,No matter how many good movies I watch, I get tired of watching them. The real Shawshank Escape is exciting and fun every time I watch it even though I've watched it dozens of times. No movie can match the storytelling.It's the best movie ever
10,Wow, I got goosebumps. The person who makes the movie must be a genius
10,It's really fun. I understand why people call it their favorite movie ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Frank Darabont is a genius
10,A movie you want to give 5 stars times 5 stars
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,The best movie of my life. I've seen more than 300 movies so far, but it's one of the best 3 movies!
10,It's Shawshank escape... What do you want more?
10,There is no need for words.  A movie I want to watch again.
10,The Brooks, Red, and Chan families are here.
10,I regretted not watching such a movie in my life.
10,I almost cried after the movie I saw it on TV and it was the first time I saw it until the end The moment I was about to get emotional as soon as it was over, the ad came out, so I woke up.
10,When Morgan Freeman got out of prison, worked, came into the room... I remember the moment when the loneliness was worse than prison. And reunion with the main character ^^
10,I still listen to the OST every day. Every time I listen to it, it's fascinating, overwhelming, overwhelming, and at the same time, Andy!!
10,The best movie of my life. A real movie that never gets boring
10,The best movie of my life!I think I've seen it more than 20 times. Welcome to the re-opening!
10,I regret watching this when I was 26 a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,A movie that makes me happy every time I watch it even though I watched it more than 10 times
10,The only movie that has a rating
10,Make sure to go watch it when it's re-released.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,This movie is really ten points.
10,When I was young, the movie channel did this for me, so I followed my mom and watched it. To be honest, there were many things I didn't know. But now that I'm an adult, I really couldn't help but be touched. It's a movie that I can't watch 10 times before I die.Hope is good thing.
10,The movie that touches my heart. The best of my life
10,It's so heart-warming. It's so nice
10,It can be a masterpiece without overdoing it or stimulating it can be a masterpiece. I think about life without glorifying it. The importance of freedom...
10,The best movie of my life...
10,The best movie of my life! I think I watch it once a year
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,The last time Andy and Red faced each other on the island beach, though it was a bit long, was the best movie of my life, even if there were no lines.
10,A movie that lets you know what true freedom is!
10,What words do you need?
10,It's the best movie that doesn't need words.
10,The best ever...A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,A man should see before he dies.
10,I don't know why the OCN ad was picked up today.
10,I want to ask and ask why the person who pressed less than 10 got that score Isn't it a great movie?
10,No words needed. No words needed
10,A movie that satisfies all emotions and fun...
10,The only thing that's in common with Room 7 is that it's a prison background movie. The level is the difference between the sky and the ground
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. It's fun and touching to watch many times.
9,The interesting thing about this movie is that I don't get sick of it even if I watch it again and again on OCN.I enjoyed Stephen King's novel, but the movie is also a masterpiece. Some might say it's boring, but I've never done that before
10,Let's go to Jihuataneo.
10,I think I'll see you again soon.
10,It's a shame to pay for the movie. from the bottom of one's heart
10,When I saw the two men standing in the wide Pacific Ocean outside the prison, I got goosebumps all over my body and cried because it was so touching. Is there another good movie like this that touches my heart? The movie of my life that I'll be watching...
10,It's definitely a masterpiece.
10,The best movie of my life
1,T-2 GPA TERRAY, so I'm also a Shawshank Escape Rating Terrorist ship hoit hoit
10,The content, the person, etc. are all perfect. Rather than a movie channel, if I do this movie, I just watch everything I'm doing. It's the best movie ever.
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,The only movie I saved on my phone
10,None of the movies I've ever seen are my life movies.
10,A movie that you never get tired of watching... A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I've already watched all the movies in the past, but I've watched them again...!
10,Even if I'm not good at it, I'm sure I saw it 10 times. I want to
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words...
10,I remember copying that poster on the wall once. I used to copy that poster on the wall. It is a tragic masterpiece that has not won a single award at several film festivals because of Forest Gump and Pulp Fiction, which was released in the same year, but the lingering emotion of the movie lasts a long time.
10,I leave a rating for the first time in my life. Also, it is my first time to watch a movie that made me cry because my heart felt overwhelmed without realizing it. What more words do we need? It's a movie I want to remember until I die.
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it.
10,Best movie. Is there another movie that expresses "Hope" and "Value of Life" so well?
10,The first impression of the movie is another impression of the movie.
10,If you don't like it, bite your tongue and die. Watch a third-rate Korean comedy movie starring Seol Kyung-gu
10,There's no need for words.a movie to watch and feel
10,The only movie I've seen five times in my 44 years of life!
10,This is a true story.
10,It is a movie that allows people who already have freedom to know what freedom is.The desperation for freedom was different from ours because the two men escaped from prison and a dramatic reversal took place, but I believe it is up to everyone to have courage over the fleeting years. feel free again
10,A movie that really makes me feel grateful for where I live is home
9,I want to leave for a place I've never been to. I don't know where...
10,What words are needed?A movie that I'll watch for the rest of my life.Maybe I'll watch it 50 times before I die.
10,An impeccable movie...
10,The movie I watched countless times. I remember being surprised later by putting in a detailed double track in a dramatic progress. It's a perfect
1,Rubbish movies especially the ending are totally out of the blue
10,Everyone is different, but if I were to recommend a movie for everyone, I would choose this movie.Do you feel that movies that sing of hope and dramatic twists are corny? The more you do, the more you watch this movie. The truth that you turned a blind eye to will come back to you.
10,I don't really like this genre, but I was really immersed in it throughout the whole time, and I think the famous lines are a good message for people living in our time.
10,A magical movie where the schedule disappears after watching it on TV.
10,All I can do after the movie is admiration...
10,I'm surprised there are people who give this movie a rating of one.
10,hope from the end of despair
10,Ha.. It's really so good.
10,After watching the movie more than 7 times, I feel again that the true taste of beer comes from this movie. Only those who know will relate. You eat so deliciously...
10,This is the movie with the highest rating. What more do we need to say? A movie that you must watch!
10,I think there's a reason why I finally met this movie I gained a lot
10,There is still a lingering feeling when I first saw it for more than 20 years.Tim Robbins's carefully orchestrated production and longing for freedom will be remembered for a long time
10,It's one of the masterpieces that you have to see before you die. It is a wonderful and beautiful movie. It expresses the will of human freedom well. It was like looking at a papillon.
10,There is nothing more to be said.
10,A movie that gives you more time to think about life
10,When the ending song comes out, my whole body shivers
10,Just watch it. It's a masterpiece. It's my favorite movie
10,Anyone who's seen this...
10,Freedom and the process of individualization. a human figure
10,It's fun... The conclusion is, "Let's study hard."
10,I was going to watch it at dawn and go to sleep. What do you mean... It was the best suction power to focus on itself.
10,A masterpiece. A movie that can be expressed in two words
10,Who am I to evaluate this movie?
10,The movie that makes me wonder why I watched it now. The ending credit went up a long time ago, but I'm still crying.
10,My favorite movie. The precious things such as bond, freedom, trust, etc. are captured on the screen close to perfection.
10,A masterpiece. It changes every time I see it.perfect.
10,It's not a trap like Clementine, it's a real Make sure to watch it
10,This movie keeps NAVER's top 1-3 rating. It's the best movie of my life
9,A movie like a movie I haven't seen in a while.
10,It's a beautiful movie. It alludes to the value of life.
10,I think I've seen it more than five times, but it's good every time I see It's my life's work. Haha
10,I watch it every time I do it on TV, but I think I watched it about 13 times in total.
10,It's the best movie to impress people without CG
10,I felt the hope of life in the scene where the blue sea unfolds
10,It's really... I can't put it into words.I wish everyone would look at it at least once.
9,Escape from the violent system, regain the meaning of human existence from human relations.
10,There is no other film that can surpass this one yet
10,This is the power of the ending, catharsis
10,It's my favorite movie.
10,좋은 영화 좋은 선택
10,My favorite movie! If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it
10,I just finished the movie and I'm raising my rating here.Why did I watch this movie now?If you hesitate to watch it, you won't regret it.A renaming work that reminds me of life
10,Last scene ㅠㅠ What do you mean 10 letters? 1 shot
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,The first life movie to give a rating
10,A masterpiece... A movie that you must watch in your life
10,a wordless film of life
10,I don't want to see more than twice, but it's a real trick
10,The main character is very, very handsome.
10,The best movie of my life! I could get a glimpse of human nature. I felt sorry for Andy, but I was glad that there was a pleasant shot at the end ㅠㅠ
10,I was really thrilled at the end.
10,Wow.. It is a movie that lingers in my mind.
10,ㅠㅠMoving movie ㅠㅠ I hope it can be re-released and watched in theaters!
10,The yearning for hope and freedom feels great...A movie that's worth forgetting and good to watch when you have time
10,A movie that makes me want to watch it every time I watch it five more times!
10,The movie of my life that I recently watched again! It'd be nice to re-release itcrying
10,Best movie of all time
10,It's a movie I want to watch again
10,Escape to eat chicken!
10,The movie is so much^^^^
10,You did a good job. I watched the most famous scenes on TV every day. I watched the movie because I was curious. The story is really interesting until the escape.
10,In other words, what is it be? Top.
10,It's my favorite movie. I want to watch it again and again
10,It's a movie that gets deeper as time goes by
10,My life is like Shawshank these days. Freedom for me, too.
10,I think it's the best movie ever!
10,Great lines and great acting! a film to write about
10,I think it's my first time to get a grade, but I think this movie is the first movie that is so cool and has such a deep impression in my life If you don't give me 10 points, I think it's an insult to this movie Ha, it's really fun ㅠㅠ
10,The best movie of my life with Farewell Hee
10,A movie that has both fun and touching moments. Escape movies are the best since the Great Escape.
10,The best movie of my life!!!
1,It's not fun or interesting because it's such a simple movie
10,The movie where the word "perfection" fits the best
10,I'm so proud that I've only watched this movie for 27 years and left a rating that I didn't use! It's a masterpiece.I hope that teenagers who haven't seen it can watch it after it'Strongly recommended. Strongly recommended
10,It is a great movie that will remain a masterpiece forever beyond generations
10,It's a must-see movie to finally see such a masterpiece
10,If this is a movie, the rest is UCC
1,I don't know about white legs, but Blackbear is a criminal. This film glorifying crime should be gone.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes people who haven't seen it purple
10,It's a masterpiece of my life
10,Why did I watch such a movie now? I should have seen it when I was younger!
10,The movie that catches my eye again after watching it dozens of times is the best movie ever
10,I think I can't make it any better. I watched it 20 times
10,God... It's awesome
9,It's a masterpiece that makes you watch it until the end
10,It's a masterpiece. I think I've seen it more than 20 times
10,A mysterious movie that I fall in love with every time I see it
10,I've seen it many times, but every time I see it, I fall in a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life!
10,the best movie without words
10,I'm so touched. Falling down
10,It's always the latest movie. A movie that you can't get enough of
10,There is really no need for words.I can't believe I'm finally seeing this masterpiece
10,내가 본 영화 중에 최고야.
10,It's so touching.
10,I can't forget the scene where I drink beer on the rooftop.
10,The only thing I can say is that it's the best.There isn't.
10,a masterpiece that will not be forgotten for many years
10,A movie that makes you go blank even afterwards
10,The main story and the small stories cool off the lumps, the beer reward, the bloody homo, the freedom of the Pacific... "Our bodies have a time of pain and submission, but our souls will never be bound," he said, playing a double window
10,I don't need words. The movie that I watched the most touching
10,Everything's perfect. The best movie of my life
10,There's no need for words  Make sure to watch it
10,I want to be like Andy Dufrein. Life should be free to do what you want to do and go for hope.
10,I'm a fool to see this movie at 25.Live a busy life or die a busy life
10,It's just plain sick
10,I couldn't believe it was 1994.
10,In the current state of ISIS, this movie is the best
10,Let's meet at the special-looking dolrae under the zelkova tree in the playground on the day of graduation^^*
10,Morgan and Tim created the greatest masterpiece.
10,For the first time in my life, I didn't let the ending credit go upNo, it would be right not to passMy head was full of Andy and RedIt's a masterpiece that crosses the ages. Life movie
10,It was a movie where we could learn many things, including Andy's attitude to calmly and wisely harm the situation even though it must have been madly unfair, the importance of freedom we unconsciously enjoy, and friendship beyond race and age.
10,a movie to keep and watch
10,It's really interesting ㅠㅠ I read the original novel of Papillon, but it's very similar to him. I watched "The Dead Poet's Society, Shawshank Escape" one after another, and it's a masterpiece for no reason.
8,There was a lesson, but it was a bit boring
10,A heart-warming movie. A night with a lot of thoughts...!
10,걸작
10,Hope to cross the border safely. I hope I can meet him and hug him. I hope the Pacific Ocean will be as blue as a dream. I hope. I hope...
10,A movie that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch it
10,It was the best movie. The acting, the story, the directing, everything was perfect
10,Spring five times. Spring five times
10,The best, the best, the best, the best...
10,It lingers in my mind. It is the best movie. There are a few scenes where I cried while watching.
1,I don't know why I'm being praised when I didn't feel that way
10,A masterpiece of the universe. I've watched it more than 20 times including the ones played on OCN, but I still get goosebumps every time I watch it.
1,I don't understand. Most of them are in their teens and 20s. What do you think is a masterpiece? Since others say it's a masterpiece, I only feel that it's a masterpiece like a parrot. While watching this movie, I didn't realize what the hell was called a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece It was a time without regrets.
10,If you don't give this movie 10 points... Which movie should I give 10 points to?
10,It is hard to see the true value of this work at first sight. See you again and again
10,How many better movies can I watch before I die?
10,I can't believe I'm finally seeing this
10,A movie that's good to watch many times!
10,A movie that can be used as a milestone in life
9,an unforgettable masterpiece Hope is the best thing. We can't deny that good thing. How happy would a person who enjoys "freedom" be?
9,A great movie...A real masterpiece
10,I was so impressed.
10,It's a moving movie. But even now, Chinese Falun Gong trainees are locked up in Chinese prisons and waiting for a "long-term birth." If you're interested, please watch the next video and let us know. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLPU6B5mLeI
10,A really good movie...
10,My personal favorite movie
10,20 years later, it's still the best movie
10,My favorite movie is on the road!!!
5,I saw the rating, but I was curious in the beginning, so I got tired of watching it. I was wondering what Andy was doing when he escaped, but he only came out for about 3 minutes. I'm disappointed that the guards were chasing me with their brains when I escaped
10,If it's not a masterpiece, why did I watch it now? I regret it
10,Hope and effort never betray you
10,With so many movies, this is a must-see movie in our lives.
10,Why did I watch this movie now? How can I forget the scene where the poster is pierced by the stone I threw?
10,The best movie that kept me awake when I was struggling
10,Oh... A masterpiece that doesn't need words...
10,It's a masterpiece that will come out once in my life!
10,Let's find the first place again!0321
10,I was happy throughout the movie.
10,Man hopes it is
10,The power of flexible, stable, meticulous acting, directing, and screenplay
10,a huge and calm film that sent my heart racing
10,The best movie in my life is so much fun
10,Sigh... Why did I watch this movie now?It's my first time logging in as soon as the movie ends to give me a rating. I'm in my late 20s, but I'm comforting that if I watched it 10 years ago, the movie wouldn't have touched my heart. It's the best movie of my life to the extent that I'm touched.
10,I regret watching this movie now.
10,The best movie in OOO's life
10,You have to see this. You don't need to say a word
10,A movie I've watched more than 10 times even though I'm a senior in high school. It's also the best movie I've ever seen in my life. The book is interesting, but the movie is really great that it maximizes the fun
10,The best movie of my life! I used to watch it when I wanted to make an important decision, but when I watched it, I was moved by the situation I was inI'm saving it because it's not an important time
10,The movie that I really enjoyed in my life!
10,It's a masterpiece. It's the best.
10,The best movie of my life, including Forrestgump and pianist. I want to use a better expression than the word best, but I can't think of it.
9,It's a masterpiece except that people don't get old even if time goes by
10,There is no need for words. It's the best.
10,I thought it would be really boring before I watched it, but it became the best movie of my life. There's a reason why people call it a masterpiece
10,A movie that I can't evaluate... A movie that makes you feel more about 19 years later. More than a movie. A piece of art. What kind of compliment is a waste... I'm just thankful that there are people who can make these movies.
10,Why did I finally see this?
10,Why did I watch it now?
10,I think I've seen enough five times Never seen a movie twice, so I think it's enough to prove the value of this movie I recommend and recommend again
10,This is not a ten point. I want to give 100 points.
10,It's not a movie I dare evaluate. The fun and emotion of watching it without knowing what it was when I was in college 20 years ago with my friends at the recommendation of the video room owner remains a clear memory.
10,Even if I watch the best movie of my life more than 10 times, it's still touching. It's a masterpiece
10,I don't really watch movies that I can't help but I think I've watched this movie more than 20 times
10,It's fun and touching
10,I watched it again on the CGV channel and I'm still moved.
10,The movie that I fell in love with every time I watched it
10,It is a must-see movie in life and will never be forgotten after years.
10,A movie that doesn't need words! A masterpiece!
10,This is the best even if I look at it again
10,This is a man's friendship ㅠㅠ
10,Best masterpiece that doesn't need words. I couldn't turn it off even if the ending credit went up.
10,Definitely 10 points. Definitely 10 points
10,It makes me cry. A very nice movie
10,Life must be the best movie of its life, twice or three times.
10,I think I got hit on the head with a hammer.
10,It's not a masterpiece, it's even interesting
10,Good! It was a touching movie!
10,I enjoyed watching it without any boredom I think I know why they call it a masterpiece
10,At first, I watched it again because of the title of a masterpiece that everyone said was a masterpiece, the second because I felt like I didn't watch a masterpiece properly, and after watching the third movie again, I learned why this movie was a masterpiece.
10,I regret watching this movie now. It is the best movie ever
10,Every word Andy said was a hint of ending...
10,When I watch this movie, I can understand the word freedom!
10,A movie that you can understand the meaning even if you watch it once
10,I'm sure it's a movie to watch before I die
10,I recorded a video and memorized all the lines. I watched it again and again.
10,It makes me feel what life is, what hope is.It vicariously satisfies the feeling of being suppressed and escaping freedom for several OO years.
10,It's a really fun movie
10,It's a masterpiece. Look twiceWatch it a hundred times
10,I watch it so many times that I even memorize the lines. I think I'll watch it in the future.
10,Twenty years have passed, but it will remain a masterpiece hundreds of years later.  The ending scene always makes my heart race!
10,I hope it'll be re-released at its peak.
10,a calm but moving film
10,Andy, who lives a new life under his new name, is good, but he wanted to be officially framed and the criminal who framed him to be punished more.
10,The best movie you can't get enough of
10,A movie with meaningless ratings...I'm looking for Jihuataneo
10,A movie that'll be fun forever.
1,The whole time I was watching, I was dying.
10,One of the best movies of my life. I don't really watch movies that I've watched, but I'm moved every time I watch this movie. A movie that makes you think about life.
10,It's a masterpiece. The story itself is so good
10,A movie that you must watch even before you die. If you can watch it in hell, I'll watch it again
10,A masterpiece. You have to watch it before you die
10,I don't know what to write.It was the best movie ever.
10,I think I've seen it 30 times.
10,It is the best movie of our time, which has been selected as the No.1 movie in Korea and is recognized as the No.1 movie overseas. The composition of the drama is perfect, but the message of the movie is also intense.
10,I got goosebumps at the end.
10,The best movie I can't get enough of
10,An unforgettable film with 'Leon' released in the same year in 1994.
10,Of course, 10 points or speed control acting. Good
10,10번도 넘게 봤어요. 그래도 좋아
10,Why isn't this being re-released?
9,Hope is torture? Hope is just Pandora's ugliest evil? In fact, it may be so. But, nevertheless, live with hope. Hope is a good thing, no, it's the best thing!
10,Shy, shy, shy, shy, shy, shy, shy, shy, shy, shy
10,I don't need words. I think it would be hard to feel this way if I watch this movie and watch another movie
10,It is an honor to watch this movie. It would be nice if there are works like this these days
10,This famous painting makes me cry every time I see it.
10,A movie that leaves a strong impression, a heartwarming movie
10,The best movie of my life
10,The most watched movie in my life
10,What is life and a longing for freedom?
10,A well-made movie. Let's hope.
10,One of the few movies with a better Korean dubbing.
10,The movie is beautiful. How can it be so beautiful?
10,The best movie of my life. If you haven't seen this movie, you must.
10,That's awesome. That's awesome
10,It's not boring even when I look at it now
8,Precious freedom gained after decades of creating opportunities without losing hope under the truth of innocence. I wonder how he would have accepted the situation if he hadn't been framed.
10,Now that I know it, redemption means redemption, but why do you call it escape? 20 years ago, you were ignorant
10,Wow, it's a masterpiece. It's the best ^^
10,A movie made in the year I was born.It's been 21 years since I saw you. So much fun
10,A movie that doesn't lack anything...
10,Hello, I am a senior in high school, and I am a student who will face society soon.I've never seen a movie like this in my life.I think it's my first time to watch a movie with every move that touches my heart. Thank you, director.
10,At first, I thought it was just a classic boring movie and watched it without thinking, but the end of it gives me an indescribable lingering impression of something touching.I don't know how to express this feeling.
1,People who say this is the best movie of their lives need to doubt their lives. The movie itself is very boring
10,When I happened to be on TV, my mom said it was fun, so I watched it, but it was so touching that I wondered why I didn't watch it until I was in high school. I watched it one more time. I should watch it again ㅠㅠ The last scene was real tears.
10,In 2003, when I was in the first grade of middle school, I happened to see this movie and realized that it was a real movie.
10,Wow... This is a masterpiece
10,I can't evaluate it. I have to see it
10,긴 여행의 시작에 있어서 결론이 불확실한 자유인.
10,It's obvious to me that it's 10 points!
10,I watched it in the theater when I was a freshman in college and watched it again on TV not too long ago. It's really fun.
10,There's no need for words. It's a movie that touches your heart!
10,I really want to hit myself who just watched this movie. It's really a masterpiece.
10,Don't say it. It was the best
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's a great movie
10,A life of longing for freedom.
10,That's the best prison breakout movie
10,This movie cannot be rated as a star
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,I can't believe I just watched this movie.It's a movie that made me feel a lot of thingsa film with philosophy and lessons
10,A movie that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,Wow, it's really...Just the best ㅠㅠ
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I don't know why, but I think it's a movie that I want to watch again
10,I can't get enough of the best movie of my life
10,You're the best. I've seen you over and over again.
10,The best movie of my life. A movie that makes me think about my attitude toward life.
10,a movie in which tears flow through one's heart
10,I hope so. I hope I hope.
10,I've seen the best movie of my life more than 10 times, but it feels different every time I watch it
10,More touching than the original... At this rate, I can't give you less than 10 points.
10,I'm happy, I'm nervous. I'm thankful for who I am now. The movie itself is so outstanding that it's impeccable.
10,The reason why this movie is unforgettable is because it is a movie about hope itself. He who does not sing of hope, who does not dream, who does not throw everything away for hope, dares not know of hopeIt's as strong as the sun in the middle of the desert
10,I thought people were naturally subject to the environment Until you watch this movie,
10,Who's tampering with the score? Why is it getting lower?
10,I was worried that it would be a heavy movie just by looking at the title. I lost track of time. Movies that I want to watch again
10,It's the best. It reminds me of the true meaning of freedom, hope, and patience I think it shows the best message that a movie can show. It's the best!
10,Best of best
10,Freedom and hope, two things that must never be missed
10,It's not enough to give 100 points for a movie that's too good to give 10 points
10,If it were me...I wouldn't have dreamed of escaping until I was as old as Red.The spirit of hope that doesn't give up...Try and dream to achieve that hope!
10,I think I know why people are raving about it.
10,The movie itself is freedom, and freedom is this movie. Water as one! A movie with your soul!
10,IMDB chart-topping film.
10,It's really amazing. I don't think I'll ever see a movie like this again.
10,When I was young, I didn't know there was such a big message in this movie. It's a good movie to watch when you think life is really hard. If you haven't seen it, please watch it
10,I've never written this before, but it's the best movie...ㅠㅠ Worth Reopening!
10,Best movie, more than that.
10,모든 시간, 모든 장소, 모든 사람
10,If you didn't watch it, be quiet! Be quiet, please.
1,Bored. That's why the box office is ruined
9,"Frank Darabont, 1994"
10,I'm so immersed that I don't even have 142 minutes of running time. It's the best movie of my life. You should watch it.afterglow
9,A movie that makes me look back.
10,It's a great movie.I hope you enjoy it while you live
10,I saw it several times, but I suddenly wanted to see it again today, so I took it out. Best movie without words.
10,I will never forget today when I watched this movie in my life.
10,Enter 10 characters excluding spaces
10,All I can say is that it's amazing
10,We'll see each other at least once every five years, so we'll see each other more than 10 times. It's a great movie
10,The best movie of my life! I'll save it on USB and wait and see.
10,The beauty of the twist, but it's a pity you didn't tell the world it was a false accusation.
10,Thank you for watching this movie  I think it'll give you a lot of strength in your life
10,It's the best movie of my life. I recommend it.
10,The movie that made me smoke alone after watching the movie and immerse myself in unknown thoughts
10,The best. The best movie
10,It's fun. 10 letters
10,Even after this OO, a masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,Ever since I saw this, I only drink Budweiser.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Outstanding directing and actors' great acting. It's a masterpiece
10,Thank you so much for watching this movie before I died.In memory of Allen Green...
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,If you don't see it, you'll regret it.the best movie of one's life
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,I'm so touched~~~
10,Everything's perfect. It's philosophical.There's no one like Andy.
10,One of the best movies I watched when I was young. It's been 20 years since we saw each other, but it's still fun... Especially Mozart's marriage to Figaro in the square.
10,The near-perfect narratives about good inmates, which are gradually becoming civilized, and the touching ending are amazing.
10,A movie that taught me what freedom is
10,A movie that doesn't need words. The best movie of my life. The most memorable movie
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need
3,I slept because I thought it would be boring to show you at school, so I slept in the last hole, roared in the rain, and met you two on the last boat. I regretted it again, but Shawshankpadori gave me 1 point. That's too bad, but I can't help it
10,Oh, my God. I'm leaving a lot of commentsMake sure to watch it. If reality is hard and hopeless, watch it even more
10,The movie is perfect not only for directing but also for the actors' acting skills.Morgan Freeman's voice further increased the film's immersion."I hope the Pacific Ocean will be as blue as my dream.I hope."I liked this line so much"It was an opportunity to rethink the abstract noun of hope
10,I've seen it many times, but if I see it on TV, I just keep watching it.The best of the best of the best of the best of the best of the best.
10,The best masterpiece of my life!
10,It's the greatest work of my life.
1,Where do you feel the alternative freedom and hope? The freedom to go out and take a walk at the time of watching this seems better, but it was really boring
10,Tim Robbins, how cool...?
10,a moving masterpiece I just saw it and I want to see it again
10,10 out of 10...
10,Is there any movie worth more than this?
10,Red, red, red, red
10,I watched this movie for the first time when I was 20 years old, but I regret why I watched it now It's the best piece of work in my life
10,Even if I happen to watch it on TV, I watch it until the end. It'
10,Good, good. There are some boring parts, but I really enjoyed watching the movie
10,I really focused on it, but it lingers in my mind.I really enjoyed it I'm planning to watch it again later
10,I understand why people always say it's a must-see movie before they die ㅠ
10,I remember seeing it as a Saturday masterpiece when I was young. It's the best movie ever.
1,The guys who played Shawshank gave me 1 point for all the other movies, so I'll give this movie 1 point
10,It's the best. I don't know what to say
10,a work that will transcend the original novel
10,When I was young, I used to put up this poster in every house where my college brother lives. At the time, I was an elementary school student so I didn't even know what the movie was, but I'm watching it to my heart's content thanks to OCN. The movie is calm and slow, but I keep watching it.
10,It will be remembered as the best movie of my life. And a movie that makes me think a lot.
1,2nd place or show shank paps give you 1 point T2 because the crime left movie is awesome. You guys should feel it
8,Public Security Sub-Subscription by Orientals
10,a masterpiece that will go down in history I think I've seen it 20 times.
10,3 movies that I think are the best The Miracle Shawshank Escape Truman Show that I think is the best movie The freedom that I think is the best movie
10,Wow, make sure to watch "Jirim" But I can see one rating, but I read that it's not a movie that's going to win first place. I'm really looking at a fool's work. After seeing the first place selection, I said, "Do you watch movies?" I guess she does
10,The final scene continues to be overwhelming. Thank you for my life.
10,It's, like, the best.
10,When this movie came out, I was in my second year of high school, but the video came out, so I watched it alone at home and clapped. The first one was Terminator 2
10,If you haven't seen this movie, it's not complete yet
10,You have to watch the best movie
10,The best movie I still remember
10,The rating is too high. I should give it a rating
10,The more I see it, the better it is
10,A masterpiece that makes us think of escape from everything that holds us in life, not just prison escape.
10,Just look, you never regret it.
1,I want to watch a movie that is fun and touching again
10,The scene of Brooks committing suicide makes me cry every time and time again
8,The trend that changes with the times, it wasn't no.1 for me.
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen
10,The best movie of my life I still go to every time I become a tea secretary, I'm sure I've seen it 50 times enough, those who haven't seen it!
10,My favorite movie... For those who didn't watch it, make sure to watch it! Andy and Red. Good
10,It is a movie that I watched with the most concentration from the beginning to the end. If you don't watch a movie that you can't help but fall in love with, please watch it
10,I was 20 years old. I was just at home without thinking and I was first in movie recommendation, so I was curious about why old movies were first. After watching it, it was cheap...I think it's just a movie about geography I don't think there's a better movie I think I'm free just to have time to score like this.
10,A movie that you can't stop watching! I think I watch it once a year, but as I get older, my attitude toward movies gradually changes. The meaning of the story changes. It's a tough movie.
10,Wow, I peed when Andy showed me how to escape.Could I have done that? I have to reflect on myself for not being able to enjoy real freedom next to me. Anyway, this movie is really helpful in my life and it is a movie to wait and see and show even when my son is born.
10,It's a good movie. One of the best
10,It's the number one movie in my life
10,I've seen it so many times, but every time I do it on the cable, I'll just stare at it again.The last scene is an unforgettable masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it It's the best.
10,A masterpiece
10,The most touching part of the movie stimulates my heart
10,It's a touching movie even after watching it dozens of times.
10,I like lyrical, human-like things more than movies these days
10,I watched it on TV again and again, but I fell in love with it every time I watched it. No words needed. The ratings tell.
10,If you don't see it, I regret itMake sure to watch it!
10,It is the best masterpiece.
10,It is a movie that shows the indicators of life.It's the best movie ever
10,Oh, it's really lingering.After
10,a film that serves as the standard for all films
1,You have to be nice. Why go to jail?If you're in prison, you should be a model prisoner. Why would you be an escaped prisoner?
10,At that time, I saw it seven times only in the theater, and when I came out, people were buying tickets for the legend of Leon Autumn. I think I recommended this movie to strangers more than 10 times in total.
10,Do you need words?
10,I wonder if there will be another great movie like world again?
10,I don't need the best movie of my life
10,The last scene is unforgettable
10,I watch it on TV every time I play it, and when I think of it after buying Blu-ray, I fall in love with it again! It's the best.
10,In general, movies are divided into two. a movie with a headache A cool movie. Personally, I think a movie or book with a headache is a good one, but it's a movie like Jojoba with a high frequency but a headache.
10,I want to be a good banker, too
6,I enjoyed watching it. It's a good movie
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen. Strongly recommend
9,I'll give you 9 points for the overall score.
10,5 points, considering it's 1995. I don't know why it's called the best masterpiece
10,Kim Bosung movie? You're just looking for loyalty?And the critics, if you want to do a good job of criticizing, you have to spell that way. So you can read it seriously or not
10,I looked up this movie a few years ago that someone told me.This is the best. I don't know who told you this
10,If you change the channel and do it on TV, you will definitely watch it. But every time I see it, I'm moved!
9,Can I go to the green island?
10,What words do I need?
10,I watched this movie too late. I can't forget the last scene. a gentle impression
10,There will be few movies like this in my life until now and in my life later.
10,I cried when I saw them hugging each other at the end
10,What kind of movies are there? I can't sleep because of the lingering emotions.It's a great movie
10,A movie to watch before you die. This is a true masterpiece.
10,It is the movie that makes me feel the most touching and many things
10,I think it's a must-see movie
10,It was better than the best movie of my life, Interstellar
10,I love you Morgan Freeman ♥
10,If you don't need words, watch it 10 times
10,There is no need for words.Top
1,...a movie that made me feel that I have different emotions from others
10,A movie that you can watch again no matter how many times you watch it.
10,놀래라.
10,You should get 10 points
10,바쁘게 살거나, 죽기 바쁘게 살거나.
10,I don't need words. Make sure you watch it. It's the best work. It's amazing. It's just unbelievable
9,It was a movie with a story that was completely unexpected when the prediction that "it would be like that" was "Isn't it not?" The message contained in it was also delivered effectively.
10,It's a movie that I can't get enough of
10,One of the three best movies of my life...I don't even remember how many times I watched it
10,가장 좋은
10,I saw hope after watching this movie
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece.I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.crying
10,It's a masterpiece, but how many times do I need to watch it? If you've watched it about three times, you can stop watching it.
10,I can be proud of the best movie of my life. Every time I watch it dozens of times, I admire the content, the lines, and the structure So every time I watch it, it's new. It's still dozens of times left to watch it perfectly
10,It's so much fun from the beginning to the end
10,It was a movie that lingers even after watching it many times.
10,Twenty years was in the movie. Hope drives people crazy in despair, Red said. But Andy kept his hopes up for those 20 years and finally grabbed them. People have power. The power, called hope, is strong. It's really strong!
1,It's so boring. Worst movie ever
10,The most impressive piece of my life
10,The scene where Andy and Red meet and hug each other on the beach gave me a shudder.
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I don't need words. You're the best
10,You can't beat me without giving me 10 points
10,When I first saw it, this was the best movie? It was this kind of emotion.But it wasn't. There were so many lessons contained in the movie that I couldn't see them one by one.To get to know this movie well, I recommend watching it two or three times.A movie that I can't get enough of even if you watch it many times.
10,The best movie of my life. I can't relate to you at all as a criminal, but how warm and careful the word "hope" is in the movie...
10,The best movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life...
1,It's not enough. Why do you watch movies?
10,A movie you must watch before you die
10,A movie that makes me realize a lot of things.This genre is not easy to be funny, but it was really the best content.Escape is supposed to be a twist, but it's a spoiler in the title. But even if you know it, it's fun to watch it again and again.It's so much fun even though there's no comedy or action part
10,The first movie that I've ever seen, including the ending credits
10,This is a movie. Are you watching?Twenty
10,I think it'll be the best foreign currency of my life
10,I saw it a long time ago, but I just saw it again. No answer
10,You can have an impression that can support your life with two hours.
10,I dare not put all my thoughts on this movie here.
9,It was so exhilarating when I escaped. I think it's more of a prisoner's story than an escape story. Your friendship with Red was beautiful!
10,The best movie of my life with Leon and Prequincy
10,What do you need to say?
10,I can't believe I just saw this movie
10,The best movie. Fun. Touching. Memories. Everything.
10,I want to give you an unlimited number of stars...
7,All the people in the prison are guilty, but among them, the good and the bad are distinguished. As with the warden of the prison, evil always disappears and justice always wins. The film's quality is excellent, but I didn't feel like I already had freedom.
9,How can we forget the impression of freedom?
10,I don't need to say anything. I've won no.1 in my life's movies so far
10,Seriously...
10,I watched the movie for the first time today and it was very touching. I think the attitude that he worked hard for freedom shone. I need to learn from him.
10,I'm going to watch it again after I'm in my 30s and 40s.
10,What more words are needed?
10,It's so much fun
10,What's the best movie? I will choose to escape Shawshank without hesitation for a second.
10,It's funny, touching and educational
10,I want to be a free man on a long journey of hope
10,Freedom... I know what freedom is now
10,It's fun. I'll watch it again
10,I'll give you 17 points. Maybe it's because I just saw it just now
10,This is really...I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
10,You're really the best. Sigh!
10,It's a big deal, the most beautiful movie I've ever seen in my life may not an exaggeration...
10,I have nothing to say. No questions and answers!
10,There's no need for words.
10,One of the best movies. A well-organized story and line
10,It's really fun. I can't get tired of it
10,I don't get sick of it even though they play it on TV a lot!
10,9.99 Let's go hohohohohohohohohohohoho
10,Oh yeah, I finally saw it. Oh no
10,a movie with a score of 10 movies
9,Hope, freedom We enjoy too easily, but tragic people we can't
10,It's a movie that lingers for a long time. It's cool
10,The best movie of my life. I can't get enough of it. Shut up.
10,Hours of movie time felt like a lifetime
10,A movie that you fall in love with whenever it comes out on a movie channel
10,Good movies don't disappear
10,Look... Look...
10,It's a touching movie no matter how many times I watch it...
10,The best movie of my life. I can watch it again
10,I watch it every time it's done by cable, but it's fun every time I see it. It's rare for a movie to never get tired of like this.
10,I watched hundreds of movies, but this movie is the only movie that comes to my mind naturally. Especially the last scene. It's touching even now. I think I've seen it 20 times more so far.
10,Can't you make movies like this these days? Let's watch it one more time. I think it's the 19th.
10,Whenever you come out on TV and watch it, you have to watch it until the end
10,To be honest, I don't know how to watch a movie, and I have nothing to say because of my poor handwriting
10,What can I say?
10,I'm finally seeing this masterpiece Recommend.
10,A movie that clears the soul
10,It's a movie that makes you realize that it's good to be free
10,The movie itself is good, even if the lesson is put aside
10,It's a movie that came out before I was born, but it's so much fun
10,A movie that lacks 10 points.I'm just jealous of people who haven't seen it yet
10,I've seen you 16 times. Are you out of your mind? I'm not crazy. I'll watch this movie 30 times.
10,Even if you watch it over and over again... the best movie
10,There's no need for words. You're the best.I think I've seen it about five times
10,a legend, a great work beyond
10,The best movie. The best touching movie. the best hope
10,Hope is good!Hope is good!
10,the world's highest rated film
10,I'm glad it ended neatly. Opportunities come to everyone, but not only those who are ready can have them.
10,Red, you're so cute when you open the Titanic box
10,It's a really interesting movie even if I watch it 100 times.
10,The fact that there is a movie that always touches us even when we watch it again and again seems to be the best gift in our lives. It's just a movie at its best.
10,Why is the rating so low?
10,The yearning for freedom grows the bud of hope
10,I'm so glad I saw you now If you can't watch this movie and regret it after you die, watch it right now.There's nothing like that except for those scenes in the beginning
10,Beautiful Operational Shoes Embracing Hope
10,I think my children will cry out for the best while watching this movie
10,The reason why I have to give you 10 points is because it's a movie that makes my hand press 10 points automatically. It's a must-see movie in a boring or fun life It gave hope to those who lived hard and taught them the importance of friendship
10,Hope and freedom. And patience
10,I have nothing to say. It's fun. I just want to give stars for the first time in my life
1,It's a good movie. Don't play it's a good movie
10,a film showing the warmth of hope and friendship
9,I watch it every time I do it on TV. It's really a masterpiece...
10,I think I've seen it about 50 times.
10,Watch it no matter what. / I always get goosebumps when I get rained on
10,The best ending scene, it's very lingering.
10,It's really fun. Wow, at the end
10,I highly recommend the best movie of my life
10,I didn't see you play it on OCNX all the time, but spring is fun
10,It's so touching. The last movie that I remember the ending at the beach
10,One of my favorite movies from the 90s
10,Awesome... I regret watching such a great movie too late in my life. Top
9,A good movie that lingers in my mind.
10,I don't know what to say.the greatest movie of all time
10,Hope is precious
10,I think it's one of the best five movies I've ever seen, Shawshank Escape, Mononokehime, Ireland, Minority Report, Fight Club, Dark City, etc
10,Needless to say, it's the best. It's always fun
10,It is amazingly well made and the best made in 1994.
10,the greatest masterpiece without words
10,Just watch it. It's not only funny, but it's still lingering.It's not a boring masterpiece. You can just watch itIf you think it's youth, watch it no matter what.  Haha
10,If you're curious about the ratings before watching... Just watch it
10,The best movie, Canadian schools, obligate students to watch this kind of thing, and if Korea did, how much more did they learn?
10,It's my first time rating a movie
10,It's so much fun
10,The best of the best. I've watched it a lot, but I enjoyed watching it in the army
10,Longest lingering, no, ongoing film.
10,Let's fill in 100 letters
10,A movie like my life...
10,The best movie of my life...
10,a hunger for freedom A good movie always conveys the impression again even if you watch it again like this.
10,Every time I watch my life movie ㅠㅠ, I get choked up in the last scene
10,Sometimes in my life, I need his challenge.I think of this movie when I hate myself for being complacent rather than unfamiliar.
10,It feels refreshing as if the movie, which had been dark all along, stretches out on the last coast. It's a masterpiece and a movie that makes you happy
10,I definitely recommend this movie.
10,Hope is a good thing. My favorite movie
10,10 points. Best movie ever.
9,There was no time to be bored. Even if I watched it many times, I didn't get tired of it and it's a great work of the past.
10,the best film in human history
10,I think the capitalist system we live in and the Shawshank are very similar
10,This is the best movie of my life
10,I'm giving you stars for the first time.It's the best.
10,I think I've seen it like 10 times.If I do it again, I'll watch it on the channel.^^
10,I recommend the best movie
10,I realized art after watching this movie
10,The ones who didn't get 10 points for this are the ones with problems, whether it's dating or social life. Especially those who scored 1 point are those who have poor empathy, poor understanding, and want attention. The standard of this movie is to fix the horoscope to 10 points and leave a review.
10,I thought it would be tacky because it was an old movie, but I really enjoyed it. I can't believe I thought of a story like this at that time. I think it's a thorough and very well-made movie!
10,Lazy, scared, used to...Freedom, happiness, goals...The biggest problem is thinking...If you want to live your life, you can do it.Life is so simple, nothing.Thoughts make fear...I'm used to being comfortable, I'm
10,10 letters 10 letters haha
9,a well-organized scenario It is the result of a sense of subject, actor, and role. Hope is a good thing.
10,There are only a few movies that I thought were well-made
10,The best movie of my life.
10,
10,Best movie ever.
10,A movie that I never got tired of watching since elementary school! To put the chief in his pocket, I think I've seen him more than 50 times
1,It wasn't good. I read a book
10,Hope is a good thing! What a great movie
10,It's a great movie even now. A great movie seems to transcend time. Strongly recommend
10,The best movie! I am so happy to see this movie when I was alive.
10,I'm so lucky to be able to watch a movie like this in my life
10,Best movie. I think it's a stepping stone for Prison Break and other escape movies. A genius movie!
10,I don't know how many times I watched this movie...
10,It was the best masterpiece of my life
10,It's a masterpiece of my favorite movie
10,I have seen more than 200 movies in my life, but there was no movie that impressed me more than this. A movie that I look for whenever I feel lonely and depressed
10,It's a movie that's good to watch no matter how many times.
10,I don't know what to say because I'm so moved by the lingering emotions
10,It's a movie that's worth watching now. a masterpiece
10,Such a masterpiece should be re-released
10,If this movie doesn't have 10 points, which movie has 10 points?The best movie of my life... Even if I get tired of watching it on TV, I turn off the remote control. I think this work is more than a movie
10,A movie that I watch whenever I can't breathe under the weight of the future
10,I watched it in middle school and I watched it several times in my life, but it is an amazing movie that I fall in love with every time I watch it
10,It was fun. 10 letters
9,I watched the movie a long time ago because of my acquaintance's recommendation.The last scene was touching and really touching.A true story is more touching.It was a beautiful ending.It's a masterpiece
10,Honestly, I don't know if such a happy ending would be a reward for 19 years of unfair imprisonment, but seeing you reunite with Red at the end, I don't need any more words. I'll watch it again later
10,I don't need words for the best movie of my life.
10,Whether it's a movie or a book, a masterpiece feels different every time I see it. As I get older, my perspective changes, so I feel like I'm looking at different pictures depending on the angle of view. After all, we all live in the hope that the Pacific Ocean will be as blue as in our dreams.
9,The scene where the hero who succeeded in escaping roars that will be remembered forever
10,A movie about hope and freedom gives a beautiful message that no matter how hell your situation is now, if you keep trying without giving up hope, someday anyone can achieve their dream.Desire for freedom, tenacity, and hope...It's a masterpiece.
10,I'm sorry that I only gave you 10 points for the movie I've watched more than 10 times.
1,Leon Shawshank Escape.Titanic. Only these 3 movies were my life movie ㅠㅠ
10,It's a true joy, sorrow, and joy that can be expressed through a video
10,I don't know why I've seen this now.
10,I can't stop seeing you.
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words.
10,If it's so much fun, I escaped from the dorm after watching this
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece that I loved so much that I put a movie poster on the wall of my room and that I never forget
10,All I can say is that it's amazing
10,I can feel a lot of things, but I can't express my emotions and hopes
10,It was really fun. I'll see you again one day.
10,I didn't even know it was a movie that made a sound. I just said "crazy" out of my mouth. I wish there were only movies like this in the world.It's my favorite movie I even found the NAVER rating for the first time
10,After work, I washed up and watched through my laptop with a comfortable mind. I was more moved than other words, and I can say that I am happy if I have a friend who can share the importance of freedom I have that sentiment in my heart. Please watch P.S
8,It's not a trash movie...To be honest, a person who doesn't have any feelings is a strange person. But I don't think it's the number one movie in the world. It depends on the person, but I agree that it's a good movie
10,Membership to give movie ratings.After watching this movie, I can't see other movies...
10,The best movie ever!No.1 movie I want to watch again
10,When I was young, I thought it was a good movie to escape from prison. But on second thought, I see a different meaning. Hope can set you free
10,The movie that made me think about freedom again. The movie that made me realize the importance of ending credits...  And the best movie
10,Why did I watch such a good movie now?I should've seen it earlier.I can't stop thinking about it.If you're thinking about watching it or not, please watch it.
10,Maybe it was the first movie that changed my perspective of watching a movie. Of course, it is one of the movies that I can't get enough of ^^
10,the greatness of a film Why the movie should continue. I'd like to see it at the theater.
10,I watched it for the first time when I was a teenager, and I want to watch it again when I am in my 20s and 30s
10,10 points isn't enough.
10,You gave me great hope. Thank you.
10,If a movie is made to be watched more than 10 times without any coercion in a person's life, it is very likely to be the best movie for him, regardless of the critics' ratings.
10,Who would believe it was a movie that came out 20 years ago? A movie that makes me feel something new every time I watch it!
10,Best movie ever. Read a book.
10,I learn a lot of lessons. I had a lot of fears before I started studying for a year, but I got more hope. It's a great movie.
10,This is the real life movie. Always watch a masterpiece that touches your heart. Make sure to watch it before you die.
10,I don't get tired of seeing you.
10,This is a real movie. It's touching.crying
10,"The best masterpiece of my life."
1,What's the highest rating--
7,It's the best movie ever. Shawshank
10,It's really fun to watch and watch again and again and again and again and again. It's an amazing movie. I hope they play it at the theater. See you again
10,This is not something that should be evaluated That's awesome.
10,I don't need an explanation. It's a legend
10,Even if the future is hopeless and there is no answer, you should never give up hope. First of all, you have to be prepared. It reminds me of the saying that it is better to do it once than to think 100 times. In the end, Andy's hope turned his dream into reality.
10,It hurts my mouth to explain why they give me 10 points. It is a lamentable movie that there is no score higher than 10.
10,Wow, the story is so good. It deserves high ratings
10,One of my favorite movies... It's the best.
10,It's been 20 years and there are no flashy videos like these days, but more than anything else, a movie that makes your heart rich. Amazing.
10,A must-see movie...
10,A movie that I want to watch again even if I watch it many times
10,It was a really good movie.
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,The word "masterpiece" means that from this movie
10,I finally saw it.I think I know why the reviews of the famous movie place are good.If you do it again on TV, I will see you again!
10,How many movies can influence your life?
10,How cruel is freedom to a man?
10,Oh, that's cool. This movie
10,Even when I was in elementary school, I thought that a masterpiece was talking about this kind of movie.
10,Escape from Shawshank! It couldn't have been better!Best movie that doesn't need two words! *^^*
10,Even if I know the story, I get goosebumps from the same scene over and over again.  It's an amazing movie
10,This movie gives hope to the viewers
10,It was the best. It was a movie that left a lot of lingering feelings. The thought of watching it is that if you study well, it works everywhere. Andy, who was wise and knowledgeable, was cool
10,Every time I do it on TV, I watch it
9,It's really fun! Totally cool
10,If humans had hands and feet, what would they not be able to do, and what would they be afraid of?
10,It's so nice. It makes my heart moved
10,It's one of the best movies.The movie that made me write my first rating! Recommend.
10,In my early 20s, when I wandered a lot, I wanted to be free After watching this movie, I think freedom is hope
10,Escape Seeking Hope Amid Despair
10,It's a movie that makes me hope and dream again.
10,There's no need for words. Just look
10,I understand why it is called the best movie.Good things never go away
1,It was really boring.shivering
10,I don't need words for the best movie of my life. It's a movie that you can't take your eyes off.
1,a movie glorifying criminals
10,It is no exaggeration to say that it is the best work of my life.
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's a movie that lacks 10 points. The movie ended long ago, but it could never close the window.  Freedom also needs qualifications.
10,It's nice to see you drinking beer
10,There is no need for words.
10,10 out of 10!
10,It's so much fun. It's the best
10,It was a movie that made me feel what human beings really need while watching the movie. In particular, I can't forget the scene where music like a ray of light flows from prison.
10,I watched this movie many times.What a great happiness it is to have hope.
1,Just a normal movie. / Ghana
10,It's an old movie, but I enjoyed it Haha
10,I don't know much about movies, but I like them a lot.I happened to see a movie and I was sleepy at 3 a.m., but I was wide awake after the movie.There is a lot of lingering feeling, and I think a masterpiece is a masterpiece.I leave a review for the first time.
10,I can't believe I'm expressing beauty like this with a person.
10,It's a masterpiece that's worth 10 points!I think I did a great job
10,NAVER, why did you let me give you only 10 points?
10,There are only two unforgettable ending scenes in my life movie. Titanic, and Shawshank Escape...
1,It's really amazing. I wish it was the best movie of my life.
10,It's a movie that makes you concentrate no matter how many times you watch it
10,That's all I can say!
10,I can't believe I just saw this masterpiece.I read the lines one by one through the whole time The last scene is short, but there's a reason why we shouldn't give up every strong lingering moment
10,A series of meaningless writings means that this work is a masterpiece
10,an unfailing hope cannot be extinguished Thank you for making me happy for 2 hours. Mr. Duprein.
9,By the end of the day, all the puzzles were put together like pieces. a film of genius
10,It's a trick to give a message of fear and hope. Breaking down uncertain fears and realizing hope is the goal of our lives. (Watch Internet videos at the beginning of the year)
10,It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece.
10,It's a great movie.
10,If you keep the hope in your heart to the end, you will surely succeed and achieve it. I was impressed with that. Indeed, the actors' performances were also great and the story was all perfect.
10,The subject matter is general, but when I found out about his escape, I shuddered and found out that there could be lies I didn't know, unjust people I didn't know, and hard people dreaming of hope
10,Why did I see this masterpiece now ㅠㅠ I was so touched
10,Wow, smart Youngho
10,Every time I see it, it's a masterpiece.
10,Wow, there's really no movie that can go beyond this
9,Humanism that seeps in and digs deep
8,Lesson: 9 points, Fun: 7 points, Acting: 9 points It's my second time, but I don't think it's 10 points.
10,There is no need for explanation. It's just the best.
10,At the end, the main character's hand gesture was really amazing. Cider teaches you somethingIt's a masterpiece, a movie that's as cool as a drink.
10,Can I forget this movie?
10,The best movie of my life changes every time I watch it as I get older.
9,Ugly, selfish, dirty prisons, when at some point the walls with society blur, frustrated by the futility of being no different, a ray of sunlight shining on the ground, and the vast Pacific Ocean in front of you.
10,There's more to it than fun. in a great deal
10,It's a shame that I can only give you 10 points. This is the best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie with more than 10 points
10,No words are allowed.
10,I've seen a lot of movies, but I haven't seen a movie that gives me a stronger thrill than this one.
1,It's not No.1. It's a masterpiece. Let's cut it
10,Thank you. It's my favorite movie
8,Punishment, not a realistic prison, but a dramatic composition, and Morgan Freeman, who was wrinkled and old 20 years ago... I've been writing a legend for 20 years
10,The movie history of my life has been shaken
10,At the end of the best movie of my life, I had goosebumps and tears.
10,Wow, there's no need for words.
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's a movie that's beyond fun and touching! But if it's a flaw, it's a kind of twist that Duprein is going to escape from Shawshank, but it's nothing but a spoiler in the title
10,The best movie of my life that will never change...No matter how many times I watch it again, I feel moved and left a lingering impression.
10,I was always pessimistic after watching the movie, but this movie broke my point of view at once. I say that this movie that I saw is the 'standard' that contains all the elements of the movie.
10,The best movie ever! be short of ten points
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things don't go away.
10,When I think of Andy, I don't think there's any reason to sit down like this.
10,I couldn't miss every line!ㅜㅜFirst time to leave a rating~ So touching! Hope is a good thing! No, maybe it's the best.With every moment of hope in a prepared position!
10,I saw it for the first time today.  And you'll see this movie again later.
10,Years later, I still can't forget. I threw a stone at the poster and it felt like a hole was being made
10,What more do I need to say? The best movie ever
10,I remember Sam showed me in high school. It's the best. The best
10,Wow... I'm only amazed.
10,A movie you have to watch more than five times before you die
10,It's one of the best movies I've seen recently. It turns out that the original story was also Stephen King's early novel...It was an impeccable masterpiece
1,I don't think I got the highest rating for all movies Honestly, it's fun, but it's not number one
10,The movie of my life... I blanked out for a long time afterwards
10,It shows that life is a movie and a movie is a life
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now? It's the best.
10,My heart is still full ㅠㅠ
10,Thank you for watching this movie now. I'm tearing up. This mysterious feeling...
9,It's a lyrical and touching movie. It's a masterpiece over and over again.
10,No matter how many times you look at it, it's the best
10,The scene of Shawshank Prison Escape was really impressive. Oktober Sky and this. 90s works are really good.
10,아주 좋아!!!
10,One of the best movies. Elementary school students, see you later
9,Now watch the movie you've owned for six years.It worked. Why did you do it until now?I regretted that I didn't
10,If it was just the best, I was lucky not to miss the 1995 movie
10,A sad case, a hard prison life, a stormy escape, and... Meeting
10,...hope is the best thing! Red! A good thing never dies or disappears!...Long live or early die, that was absolutely right.
10,Ha... I jumped over the movie
10,I watched the best movie 100 times
10,Hope and freedom, and its great value
10,Freedom was up to those who had hope!
10,It's such a great work that I don't dare to evaluate.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,It's very funny. And the main character's head is very smart.c
10,I felt Andy's feelings when I came out on my first military vacation after 2 months of training.
1,It's touching. It's a movie that deserves 10 points, but I don't think it's the highest rating for all movies. I think there are some movies that are as touching as this one.
10,It's such a waste to give 10 points. 100 points...The story is so interesting and touching. The person who made this should win a Nobel Prize
10,I can't believe it's been 20 years since this movie came out.  It's a movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings. There's a reason for all movies over 9 points
1,I don't understand people who say this movie is fun
10,Well, I saw it in the early days, but I rated it because of you. It's an abnormally high score, so 10 points. Even if it's not that, it's 10 points...
10,A movie that depicts various good and evil aspects of society and interests through various aspects of life in prison that were not boring during the long running time
1,Bored. Except for the last 30 minutes, it's so boring. I know exactly what you're trying to tell me, and I know it's a masterpiece because of it, but it's so boring
10,Jinxing's heart is about to explode
1,It's just a gay story
10,An eternal masterpiece means this.
10,A movie that I will never forget in my life
10,It's a movie that can give you a taste of freedom when you're on your first vacation in the military
9,It's a good movie. It's calm. Freedom is one of the greatest blessings of man! On the other hand, North Korea...ㅉ 그리고 And while watching the movie, I thought of Prison BreakHaha
10,I watched this movie for the first time when I was in 8th grade. The most memorable movie I've ever seen. It's the best.
10,Fly away, bird in the cage
10,It's the best movie of my life.Why didn't I watch it before?
10,I got choked up at the last scene
7,I don't think it'
10,I highly recommend a movie that tells you hope!
10,I was watching a trash movie like Interstellar and this movie makes my stomach hurt.
10,I don't know how two hours passed. There is a reason for the movie that is said to be the best.
10,It's really been a long time since I saw a movie like this. When I was young, I heard that a prisoner dug a hole in a prison and escaped and ran away. Now I know that the story is about this movie. I think it's the best movie ever.
10,Wow, I raised the standard for movies.This is the movie...
10,I saw it now because it was time, and it was really impressive.I don't need any more words.Look, whatever method you use,
10,I wanted to listen to Morgan Freeman's harmonica.
10,Hope is a good thing. A good thing never disappears
10,Is this a difficult story? There's nothing to understand  I almost didn't watch it because of the review-- I was upset but it was fun
10,The best movie of my life hope. Hope, hope. I'm dreaming too
10,It's a shame that 10 points is the maximum.
10,희망은 좋은 것이고 이 영화는 완벽해!
1,It's hard, it's hard, it's hard
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,God, is this movie 20 years old?!Crazy screen composition, well-organized script, and the actors' outstanding acting skills...It is almost impossible to define the film with a star rating of 10 and a 140 character review.
8,It's a well-organized movie
10,I don't remember when I saw it for the first time, but I still watch it as if I saw it for the first time every time, I don't think there will be a masterpiece like this until I die. I think it's the best ending scene in movie history
10,It's definitely the best movie
10,It's a really great movie, and it's my first time writing a star rating, but I can't express it with a star rating.Hope is good thingAfter watching this movie, I get to know a lot of things. It's a movie that really lingers
10,I didn't know this was such an old movie.After watching it, I felt a lot of things
10,I happened to watch it on OCN today, and it was the best. There was a movie that I was immersed in.It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,I want to be a person like Andy who has hope and prepares accordingly
10,Honestly, 10 points is not a waste. Those who gave nine points think it's a difference in perspective, and those who gave eight or less are frankly the ones who don't know the English of the movie except for the professional.
1,It's just okay. The rating is too high. 7 is enough
10,I won't forget the scene where I escaped from prison and got rained on, and the scene where I was reunited at the beach at the end. It's the best movie ever
10,I've watched it more than 20 times, but I'm still thrilled. It's not an urgent movie and I don't know why... I'm sure I'll do that even if I keep watching you until I die.
10,Let's always have hope. Hope is a good thing
9,Fun and touching expressions that go well with movies like this!
10,Wow, you're the winner of Show Shank. Awesome
10,I can see why everyone says it's their favorite movie.It was the most impressive movie I've ever seen
10,It seemed to escape mentally, but both the body and the mind escaped.
9,That's funny. Morgan Freeman, you're the best, Black Grandpa
10,Immortal masterpiece. The escape scene at the end was amazing.
10,I'm sending you now! Hope is a good thing.My heart is shaking... It's one of the best 3 movies of my life
10,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
10,I watched it for about an hour in the past, but I forgot to watch it, but I finally finished watching it today. I'm so grateful to see it all now.
10,I watched the best movie of my life, Interstellar, but the message and story that this movie was trying to give me came to me more powerfully The scene where the main character escapes from prison without letting go of hope until the end was an indescribably creepy scene. The best movie ever
10,The best movie. I love the message that the movie gives.
10,It was the most helpful movie for me nowI came out a week after I joined the company because of the severe job shortageI came out because I really wanted to study, but after I came out, I regretted it and thought of nothing. At this time, I just wanted to watch a movie, so I happened to find this movie.Thank you for being strong to me who is running for hope in hard times!!!!
10,그 남자는 희망을 가지고 산다.
10,It's the best. It goes without saying
9,It is absolutely ridiculous that this film falls behind Interstellar
10,It's really one of the best movies of my life. I've loved the escape movie since I saw it. Cube, Maze Runner, Congestion Locomotive, etc
10,It was the first time I sat in a daze until the end of the credits.
10,Judge this movie by watching it
10,It's definitely a movie that makes you look back on your life It's a really good movie I didn't buy a lot, but I think it'll be the best movie in my life
10,I recommend that it's the best movie ever
10,No matter how many times I see it, the escape sequence gives me a shudder.Hope Friendship Rights Punishment Sharp insight into humanity.A flawless scenario of actors.It's really the greatest story ever made in Hollywood.
10,If you do it on a cable movie channel, you'll just watch it at the beginning, the middle, or the end
10,It's a masterpiece of my life. A masterpiece that I have to watch. I have to watch it at least 10 times
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words!
10,I think all great movies have a reason. It's the best.
10,It's a really good movie. A movie that I want to show to my children
10,Movies that you can't get enough of. Movies of your life.
10,Every time I see it, I feel touched more than 100 times. This movie is not a movie but a work of art. It should be registered as a UNESCO documentary culture, so that even the real descendants can see it
10,The movie itself that I watched while holding my breath every moment by moment
10,It's a masterpiece that I'll never forget. Wow, the ending...I'm touched.
10,What more words are needed?
10,the desire for human freedom and the need for an effort to live a life prepared for it.And hope...It was really impressive.  I just got to see a movie like this.
10,Seriously, this movie is the best...
10,It's been 2 years since I captured the last scene and set it as my computer wallpaper
1,Look at the high score. I'll lower it
9,The story, the acting of the actors, the movie that can't be left out.I strongly recommend it
8,I kept focusing until the end of the movie.
10,Best movie ever.It's the best!
9,It's fun, but it's not my favorite movie
10,It's really the best. moving
10,a long-lasting film
10,Awesome... Even if I look at it again...jackpot
10,I can't lose to Interstellar
1,er 4545wewwe
1,It's not the best movie. I watched it well
10,Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.
10,I don't know if I'm old enough to say I'm young, but I may not be able to convey everything this movie wants to convey. It is a movie that I want to keep taking out when I have a hard time in my life. Hope... maybe it's more than a driving force to move forward.
10,What have I done without watching this movie? The scent of the sea in the last scene of the movie gave me joy
10,브룩스도 여기 있었고 빨갱이도 여기 있었어요
10,The best movie of my life ㅠㅠ
9,I watched a good movie after a long time. But novels
10,a wordless film
9,It didn't feel boring in the beginning and middle of the year, but it's a fun and good movie
10,The best movie ever.  a thought-provoking movie
10,I hope you watch the best movie of my life
1,I don't think it's a movie that's going to win first place. It was that
10,I'm writing comments to raise my GPA. I's annoying
10,My age 38 is still the best movie
10,A movie that is valuable only for its existence
10,A movie that makes you write a grade, a movie that you can only write.It is one of the top 10 famous paintings of my life, and I am sure that it will remain in my heart forever.
10,I log in praying that my child doesn't become 5% trash
10,Hope is a good thing... good things don't go away
10,I only knew the title of this movie, but I happened to see it on TV. Ha... November 3rd, 10:50~1:40 PM. Thank you for playing "Show Shank Escape". It's my first time rating a movie.
10,It's a shame that I can't give you more than 10 points, which is not a waste at all, but I can't express it in words unless I watch it in person.I can't believe this masterpiece came out 20 years ago. I can't believe I just saw this now.
10,It's a movie that's gonna be buried in my heart for a while, or rather a long time. I learn a lot from this movie.
10,What's the standard of ratings?It's not a domestic movie, but I'm grateful that I can see such a movie in history.A gift from heaven!
10,In the middle of a Bible battle with Andy under the pretext of a check-in in his cell, Andy said first, "Stay awake, you never know when the owner of the house will come." Marga Stir-fry 13:35. But this was an indication
10,The first movie I watched in middle school and watched ten more times
10,I can't get enough of it
10,True freedom. You have to prepare for it and live with hope. A message to everyone who just gets used to reality and becomes complacent, and doesn't see the future, and doesn't see a better future.
10,There is no need for words. This is what movies are like
10,It's beautiful. The best movie of my life. Ironically, but I want to go backpacking alone
10,Crazy. I understand why many people choose the best movie of my life. It's such a masterpiece that I appreciate watching this movie all my life.
10,Do I need to say something? I do think of Prison Break, too
10,This is not a movie. It's life.
10,It's an honor to be evaluated
10,We see each other once a year It's a great movie to watch again
10,a heartwarming movie
10,A must-see movie in life!
10,Naver photo spoiler gaejeno dda movie is the best.
10,Wow, that's so straightforward.
10,I don't know why I keep looking at it, but I can feel it
10,If we get first place in the movie rankings...                              The movie that comes to mind. Escape from Shawshank
10,Doubtful two letters throughout the movie, hope!
10,It's a movie that makes me cry. I'd love to.
10,The best movie with each line
10,d123456789
9,The best movie I've ever seen. Wow. There's 3D^^
10,It's very interesting. But what are the animals that give you 1 point?
10,There has never been a movie like this after 20 years. It's a really good movie. I envy people who haven't watched this movie yet.I have a chance to watch a movie
10,I've seen it at least 10 times.Everyone has different tastes, but...This movie is number one for everyone...I'm really glad I think there are more opportunities for other people to see it
10,Look. You have to watch it
10,A movie that you have to put in your life before you die
8,Perhaps the scariest thing is the familiarity that has become natural
10,The flower of hope and success that has bloomed overcoming hardships
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of. I lived in this era of movies. There is no need for words.
10,It's my first time getting a GPA. Make sure you watch it Once you see it, you see it two or three times.
10,Shawshank Escape was a really fun and good movie
10,I was so touched. How much I cried ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Thank you. It was fun
10,I should watch it again. It's amazing.Freedom
10,It is a movie that can be interpreted in various ways, and what is important is that it is worth whatever interpretation it is.
10,It's really touching. The best movie ever
10,A movie that fits only 10 points, not 9 points. a question of man Freedom.
10,If you don't cry after watching this, you're not a person...
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,It's my first time registering for a review It's really a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,The best movie ever
10,The wave of emotion. One more time later
10,A movie that doesn't need words and it's attractive
10,A movie that I want to watch again
1,To change the ranking...
9,It's always worth seeing
8,The main character's dramatic escape? It's a good movie to watch at least once!
10,It's not a movie. It's a famous painting.
10,I was watching the scene with my mom. Don't watch it with your mom
10,I think I've seen it a little over 50 times since 1995. I look forward to a better movie than this
10,Lastly, we should not just stay at home tomorrow but live a lively and rewarding life while riding a bicycle.
10,I was immersed from the beginning to the end, and it was touching
10,It wasn't boring the whole time, it had fun elements, and it wasn't so uncomfortable that I didn't think it was made in 1994!!I really enjoyed watching it:)
10,It's the same story, but it feels different every time I watch it. The movie has impressive video and lines. The last scene where the two meet in Lake Jiwatane is the best. The emerald sea, as sweet as freedom.
10,The last scene is an unforgettable scene
10,What the hell? This is the best movie and I don't think there's a kid who gave less than 10 points.There could be, but...I can't believe this is the best movie ever
10,It's Jihooate
10,The best movie of my life...!
10,For the first time, I leave a rating.
1,It's a great movie, but it's not going to win first place. I'll adjust my GPA.
10,10 out of 10
10,Signs of Disguise Disguise Disguise Disguise Disguise Disguise
10,I watched a movie with the introduction of an acquaintance. Although the middle part of the movie was a little boring, I watched it while being immersed after Tommy appeared. It is a movie that made me think a lot... The actors' acting was also the best. I think I know why this movie is a masterpiece.
10,It was the best movie with a solid story and a well-organized plot.
10,A masterpiece... It's a masterpiece. I enjoyed it so much
10,The best movie of my life. When I start watching the ending scene, I watch it until the end
10,Goosebumps... The last 10 minutes are really touching and makes me think about a lot of things.crying
1,It's just a fantasy movie
10,A good movie runs through life. Even though the subject matter is different, I think it's the same to run to one place.
10,I saw it when I was very young and it still remains in my memory.
10,When I was writing the review, I didn't watch the movie and the main character's name was Shawshank. They wrote it like that, but they rated it after watching the movie
10,The best masterpiece in my short life
10,I don't usually watch the movie "End Cradit"... I watched it until the end.
10,It's a good movie. I want to recommend it to you
10,You can trust and watch Show Shank 10101010B0B0B0
10,I don't think it's the same movie I saw on the cable when I was young. I don't know if the movie was this meaningful...
10,That's so cool. I don't need to say anything This is the best. I want to give you a million points
10,There's really no need for words.
10,The movie that told me that even after a long time, the fact that a really good movie is a good movie doesn't change.
10,자유!!!
10,I dare say it's the best movie of my life! Longing for freedom
10,It seems like a normal-looking story and character, but at some point, you are completely immersed and empathized. Even in the natural progression, the hot emotions and good lines that everyone can feel are impressive.
10,It's so, so, so, so good! I can't express it.
10,I just saw it, and all I can say is come. I can't believe I've never seen such a masterpiece before.
8,It's fun, it's fun
10,It's been about OO since I watched this movie. When I was young, I didn't know the deep meaning, and I liked the background and props, so I watched it every time I came out on TV, but as I got older, I felt something newA movie that I'll be watching for the rest of my life.
10,There were many touching movies, but the most memorable movie I've ever seen
10,one of the few movies where you can concentrate on any scene of the movie
1,The best masterpiece that doesn't need words! To celebrate the 20th anniversary, I'll leave a rating
10,My favorite movie. Where is my Jiwataneho?
10,I still remember him being free in pursuit of hope and not bending his will to the end. I think I've seen pieces of a person's life, not a movie. It's my first time getting a GPA.H^^
9,It is important not to forget the good and the most precious
9,It's so touching From the last 30 minutes,
9,Beautiful, fresh shock.
10,There is no hope for those who are used to life and are afraid of change. What is hope for you and what efforts are you making to achieve it?
10,A film that awakens the value of hope for freedom and deep insight into the existence and life of human beings through one aspect of society
10,If you've seen this movie, watch the movie Lorenzo Oil. It is a movie that was made two years ago than Shawshank escape.
1,This movie cured me of my cancer
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece.
10,the best, the best, the best, the best,
10,The best movie of my life.I want to see this kind of movie in the theater
10,a film worthy of the title "masterpiece" A work that I want to show to my children in the future
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It's a movie that's touching. jackpot.
10,It's just the best; there's really nothing to say
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now
10,It's been almost 15 years since I saw it again.  It's great even if you know the content. It is not just great, but it is a rare masterpiece that greatly satisfies my five senses that cannot be missed from every scene.
8,I know it's a masterpiece Modern times, I don't know why, when I got the hammer, I saw the poster and I was sure that I would dig a hole with itI know your message is great, but it didn't really hit me that I was emotionally dry.But it's kind of creepy to watch money laundering and taking it out of the bank. It's lower than the movies these days
10,I need words!
10,a wordless film The original is a short story, and the contents are different, but I recommend you to read the original.
10,At first, I thought it was a boring movie, but when I watched it properly, it was a masterpiece
10,This movie is the best. I got goosebumps when I got rained on
10,It's my first time leaving a message like this, but since there's a lesson, I'm bothering to log in and leave it like this. Hope...It's a masterpiece
10,The Best Film of Freedom and Hope
10,From start to finish, it's not boring and it's perfect. The story is good, the lesson is good, and the recommendation is good
10,I went to pee after getting permission for 30 years, and if I don't get permission, I can't pee...
1,I don't think this movie deserves a rating.
10,It was really really fun
10,The greatest value we can have because we are humans is hope.
10,A movie that you want to watch even though you can't count all the ten fingers
10,It's a movie that's really fun and I think it'll be a big help for teenage guys
10,It's a piece of cake that doesn't need words
9,More than a desire for freedom.
10,so amazing .... Can you make such an amazing movie? Writers, directors, and actors who wrote novels are all great.  Hope is a very good thing A good thing is a good thing. Thank you for watching the movie.
10,It was the best masterpiece. It was so touching and fun 이걸 I can't believe I just saw this
10,Best movie I've seen over 20 times
10,I only saw it recently, but it's a masterpiece.Hah!
10,After the movie was over, there was a shudder that I couldn'
10,빨간색을 기억하라, 희망은 좋은 것이다. 아마도 가장 좋은 것, 그리고 좋은 것은 결코 죽지 않는다.
9,It was so impressive, but it didn't really hit home.It's touching. It's nothing more.I got goose bumps, but the end is vague.Masterpieces don't really care because they've always been.The hope Andy told me was very touching
10,Wow, this movie is so good.It's a masterpiece
1,It's so boring... Personally, I'm not impressed
2,I was bored and so heavy
10,The best movie of my life
10,I looked at the ratings and as expected...Make sure to watch it
10,A really great movie...
8,The number of times increases gradually, but you still see it.
10,It's a really good movie. A movie that I want to watch for a long time.
10,It's a shame that it's 10 out of 10
1,This is not a movie. These guys look like real gay peopleLOL
10,Everyone picked it as the must-see movie, and it was so famous that I watched it today. I was wondering how the movie was, but I was amazed at Andy's smartness and precision from the second half of the movie. Even though I watched it for a long time, I can't stop thinking!
10,It's a movie that only says that it's the best after watching it
10,The first thing I said after the movie: Awesome...
10,If you're going to evaluate this, ssi!a three-fingered masterpiece
10,I want to see another masterpiece like this in my life
10,It's the masterpiece of the century. Will a movie like this come out again?
10,I want to see another masterpiece like this in my life
10,The film's rating tells us that 4 to 5 percent of Koreans cannot understand the movie because it is a Golvin trollsaki (4 to 5 percent 1-point trolls)
10,There is everything in this movie. I am grateful that there is freedom.
10,150 minutes of running time is not boring at all. It's a calm but must-see movie
10,I thought it was a third-rate Prison Break movie because the title translation was a ruined case and Shawshank escape. Even if you look at it for the third time, it's touching. A movie that makes me look back on myself
10,This kind of movie is called a masterpiece movie.  There is no need for words.  You have to watch it.
10,the most lingering film of one's life
10,A movie that I'll watch a few more times in my life
10,It's been 19 years. I used to live in the countryside, but I borrowed it from a video store called Movie Village  After that, I saw it on OCN, but I was still moved ^^
10,One of the movies to watch...
10,Best movie I've ever seen
10,Originally, I waste time watching movies and skip important parts, but this movie never pressed the pause button once from beginning to end and jump forward.
1,The rating is too high, so I'll lower it a little. No reason
10,When I was in middle school, I went to the movie theater with my family and watched it. Many people clapped when the subtitles went up after the movie.I got goosebumps
10,A movie that comes out once in a hundred years
10,Freedom was already in it, not outside the prison walls. From the time it began to be recognized by the warden and the guards.  But the protagonist who is not captured there.  It's a movie about escape, not escape. It's a movie that makes you think about this place, not that place as a space of freedom.
10,When I learned the taste of beer, this movie came to my mind first
10,10 points isn't enough!
10,Yes, he achieved his dream with hope because he was a prepared man. Hope does not just come because there must have been efforts in its own way to become a prepared person. Rather than believing in luck, let's be that kind of person so that hope can come to me.
10,Just look, it's an impression
10,a film that best expresses the human desire for freedom
10,Was the long prison time... a small consolation?
10,A movie that made me feel like I didn't know when I don't know why. The lingering effects of Andy and Red's reunion didn't go away after watching the ending credits.
10,That's so funny. I thought it was an action movie just by looking at the poster, but it was a drama. If it was a movie that really taught me a lesson, it was the best
10,It is too much to evaluate. I can see the sloppyness of any movie or production, but I don't even see it.I was so sucked in that I didn't know if there was or not. It's really... the best movie
10,Freedom, hope, preparation for that.
10,It was an honor to see a long, instructive drama from inside the prison to outside, and I leave a message in the hope that such a masterpiece will come out.
10,Touching movie! The best!
10,Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
7,I didn't have a strong feeling when I was young, but as time went by, my perspective changed and it was fun to watch.
10,This movie is the best
10,A movie you want to watch. A movie that's fun to watch over and over again.
9,I still remember the movie I watched when I was young.
10,A masterpiece of masterpieces! I put off watching it, but I finally saw it, and I regretted why I finally saw it now. Best ㅜㅜ
8,Who can downplay this movie?
10,The best movie of my life. It's so nice to watch it more than 10 times.
10,There was a reason for the high score.  I can't believe I'm watching a really impressive movie now
10,Freedom is the most precious thing to man
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is as green as my dream.
10,I didn't watch it, but it's going to be fun
10,I can't speak. LOL and a masterpiece
10,There is no need for words.
10,So much fun, so much fun, so much fun, so much fun
10,a film that gives hope to a frustrated person
10,It's really the best of the best. Can I watch a movie like this again? A movie that doesn't get boring after watching it more than ten times.
10,Watch it again and again! Watch it again and again!
1,Tim Robbins is old, but Morgan Freeman is a frozen man?
10,Hope is a good thing. I can relate to that
10,A movie that gives me goosebumps
10,Stephen King is the best. Lovely actors!
10,It's such a masterpiece, so I saw it for the first time today...Why didn't I watch it earlier? I regret it. It's amazing. I was so touched by the upgraded novel
10,One of the movies I watch on TV
10,I don't need any more words.
10,I've seen it about five times. There's no need for words.
10,I have to say it's nagging. strike a chord with one's
10,It lingers for a long time after the movie.The actors are so cool
10,It's a movie that left an impression on me. Make sure to watch it. It's a movie where you can feel the importance
10,Good good 1222558888
10,The most memorable scene now after 5 years of watching the movie is the prison warden's stone? The scene where I threw it on the wall...
10,When I succeeded in the Prison Break, I cheered as if I had escaped from prison. The movie made me think about the importance of freedom that I didn't usually think about. a must-see masterpiece
10,This movie is really... I've seen it more than five times.
10,The best movie. And the unfortunate movie...
10,I think I've seen it like 20 times.A movie that you can't get enough of...It would be an infinite honor to see such a famous painting in my life.
10,The acting and contents of my life movie were so good!
10,a masterpiece that faithfully brings to life Stephen King's original work
10,I applaud the unexpected development despite the fact that it is in the title. It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,How can I evaluate this movie?
10,The movie of my life movie!a memorable masterpiece
10,Sometimes when they do it on TV... The back scene... He knows his lines, but he watches them till the end.
10,A movie that makes you think deeply about human freedom, and the director's ability to immerse yourself throughout the running time is just great
10,Don't talk about jailbreak without watching this movie. Don't discuss freedom without watching this movie. Look two or three times.
10,It's the best painting ever
9,I enjoyed watching it, but isn't the best movie of my life over the top with a rating of 9.36... It's just like that. There are a lot of critics
10,The best! I watch it whenever I have time
10,Who doesn't crave freedom. You can't get... What is it...
10,It's a movie that makes your head and chest feel like crying. How to get 10 points for a masterpiece!
10,A movie with a beautiful ending in my life
10,It's the best...
10,Good things don't go away
10,The best movie of my life...
10,My father's best movie is Ben Hur, my best movie is Shawshank Escape, I dare say it is the best movie of my life that will never change.
10,It's just a shame that there's no score higher than 10.
10,It will be an unprecedented movie
10,I have nothing to say...Top
10,Top 3 movies made by mankind. It's a famous scene of Figaro'
10,A movie worth 10 points
10,Oh, I'm not tired of seeing you for the 4th timeIt's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Best... no words needed.
10,I'm jealous of the people who haven't seen this yet.
10,Don't watch this movie. I can't watch other movies because my eyes are too high
10,I never imagined I'd break out of prison with that hammer
10,It's been 20 years.
10,"Remember, Red, hope is a good thing. Good things never go away." 10 points... For the first time, I watched it from beginning to end. 10 points isn't enough
10,The ending scene is so cool
10,I don't know why I watched this movie now. the first film of my life
10,To be honest, the last scene we met after watching this movie has been more than 10 years, but I still remember it vividly
8,The story development and acting skills were all good, but I can't feel the joy when I last met them
10,Right now... I watched a movie, but I couldn't say anything, and after watching it, I was regretting why I'm alive
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,What's the standard for high ratings? I don't understand why there are so many movies with high ratings
10,Reflections on what freedom is, what happiness is, what life is, and overwhelming emotion
10,Without saying anything, it was just a good work
10,Every time I watch it, I feel new. Best movie ever
8,I'm in this office shouting "freedom. I want to leave for Rio de Janeiro
10,I watch it every time I do it on TV. It's the best movie ever.
10,I really don't write things like this, but it's a really good movie.
10,I watched the best movie of my life again and watched it again and again
10,The best movie I've ever seen since I saw this movie almost 20 years ago, and the best movie that will not change in my life
1,It's not... it's not that impressive
10,It's a movie that you can't get tired of even watching the calm and heavy scenarios, directing, and actors' passionate acting
10,Learn this movie if you want to impress and give hope through it.
10,I dare not judge this movie
10,When asked what is the best movie of my life, I say Shawshank Escape.
10,A movie with a good ending!
10,It's all fun and touching. I can't express it in words
10,A masterpiece to watch before you die!
10,A movie that doesn't even have 10 points. The excitement and lingering feelings of the two men reuniting on the clear and wide Pacific coast after overcoming all odds are still lingering. Will I ever see a movie like this again in my life?
10,The miracle created by desperation and the passionate acting of great actors
10,A movie that was really fun and impressive...!
10,The movie that I watched in the video room 19 years ago. Even if I watch it again, it's fun and touching.
10,Design...Freedom!
10,This is just a legend. I envy Andy's free spirit
10,After escaping in the rainy weather in the second half, it was creepy to see him kneeling down and spreading his hands.
10,There is no need for words. It's a must-see movie for the rest of your life. Life is likely to be different. Give a hope!
10,The best movie of my life. I can't forget the scene where I escaped and hugged Red later
10,I saw the first part of this English class at school. I really respect that teacher. I didn't even know I had this. If I hadn't watched it, I'd really regret it
9,The best movie to sing hope. I love the ending. You'll regret it if you don't watch it!
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
10,For those of you who don't understand this movie's horoscope, it's just your standard of life
9,It's a different feeling from the memory I saw as a child. However, even after a few OOs, the characters in the play do not change much. Andy's skin is so firm even after he became an old man
1,The biggest drawback of this movie is boredom.
10,It's amazing. It's amazing
10,It's a movie that made me understand why people call a masterpiece a masterpiece
10,A movie that you must watch once in your life, especially Andy's freedom in the rain after escaping from prison, is a memorable scene in film history!
10,It was the best from start to finish.
10,GG is the best movie ever
10,I recommend watching Shawshank Escape in person rather than listening to the examples.  So that you can know the true taste of this work.
8,Using one brain is the best!
10,I think all the people who watched the movie would have come out crying
10,There are countless famous lines from Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins in the movie, but the last monologue was really creepy.
10,When I'm on a movie channel while changing channels, I end up stopping without realizing it's a movie. Unfair imprisonment, hardship, friendship, revenge. A detailed composition that blends the feelings of friendship again. I get to empathize with the main character without realizing it. That kind of movie.
10,I didn't know it was this kind of movie...
9,Watching this movie, I thought about hope again. I think it's really a masterpiece.
10,Acting skills, story, twist, message... A solid movie that doesn't leave out everything
10,Recommend a movie that you want to watch again.
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,Hope is a good thing. It might be the best thing. The best thing never disappears. It's a movie that explains why it's a famous line.
10,If you've never been bored while watching it, why did you watch it now?
10,A movie that shows the value of wanting freedom
10,It's fun to watch it again. I think I've seen it about seven times
9,a long-remembered moving film
10,I can't believe it. I can only say 0
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
1,It's a masterpiece, but the rating is too high. Let's lower it a bit
10,Hope is a good thing. It might be the best thing. Good things never go away.
10,The movie I enjoyed the most. Touching.
10,The more I watch it, the more I realize that this is a masterpiece
10,I can't believe I've finally seen a masterpiece like this.Before I watched it, I thought it wouldn't be fun. Wow, it's worth calling it a masterpiece. It's really fun. Wow
10,Oh... A movie that you must watch in your life
10,Morgan Freeman's narration was very good. In the original story, the story unfolds from a red point of view, and the voice fits very well
10,If you haven't seen it, just look at it without asking.
10,It's a movie that I should've watched it's regrettable Wow, more than I expected
10,One of the movies that I want to recommend to people around me!
9,The movie that showed the hope of life was fun.
10,It's the best. When will this masterpiece come out?
10,I watched it a lot on the movie channel, but it seems to be the best movie even if I watch it many times
10,Freedom is up to those who are ready...! It's been two weeks since I watched the movie, but it remains deep in my heart and in my head
10,A true masterpiece is not pressing the remote control when the ending credit comes out
10,It's a movie that's still touching even after watching it 20 years ago and watching it again. As expected, it is the best movie!
10,Andy is my cider
10,It's the best. There's no needless words
10,Wow... There's a reason why we won first place That's awesome.
10,A masterpiece I've seen in a long time that makes me feel how important freedom is and how important it is not to lose hope
10,Why did I just watch it? I regret it. It's the best movie ever.
10,Even if you look at it over and over again...  A fun movie
10,Is 1 point anti?오I really like movies like that that I don't get tired of even if it's been a long time.
10,It is the first rating registration. That's how meaningful the movie.
10,It makes me feel a lot of meanings I don't know what happiness it is to find true freedom.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,Masterpiece of the times ㅜㅜㅜ I'll have to watch it again
10,A movie that I'm so thankful for... No matter how many times I watch it 10 times or 20 times, this movie on TV is not enough for 2 hours
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words!
10,It was interesting from beginning to end. It's not the last movie, but it's a movie that touches you gently and makes you keep watching.
10,It's a beautiful movie that makes me speechless
10,Wow, I can't believe I just saw this.
10,Do you think words are necessary?
10,There's no need for words. 10 points.
10,It's by far the best work.
8,The immersion was good and the story development was not bad, but it was not that fun
10,It's one of the most memorable masterpieces
10,I don't think I'll be able to watch another movieWhy did I see this now?
10,I don't know why I just saw this now. It's such an outstanding work that goes beyond the ages... The last scene where Andy and Red hug each other in the middle of the Pacific Ocean from afar makes me tear up... 21 years isn't long, but the best movie in the world
10,I'm sure it's the best movie of my life.
10,It's my first time to get a rating on NAVER. This is a masterpiece that will go down in human history.
10,This movie, which was made a few months before I was born, gave me the echo of my whole life. It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece. hope is good thing maybe best of things, no good thing ever die
10,It was one of the masterpieces that taught us a lesson in life.
10,I dare not judge the value of this work by simply listing the simple words in my head.
10,Even if you watch it more than 10 times on TV, it always reminds you that it is a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece that I can confidently say is my favorite movie.
10,Originally, I like to talk about prison, but I really like it the most
10,A movie that you want to watch again and again...The best movie I've ever seen...
10,Story, acting, completion, everything. A movie I want everyone to see before they die.
10,Best movie that resonated with pure emotions in my youth
10,Why did I watch this movie now?!
10,It's a very moving and alarming movie to the current society. It was the best movie I've ever seen
1,It's to lower the ranking
10,This is just the best movie ever
10,It must be a masterpiece movie
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,Wow, there's a reason for being number one.
10,More and more people think that even hope is compulsory. I'll have to re-examine it at least once in this era.
10,It's funny. Especially the twist
10,..."Jihuataneho"...
10,The movie of my life. It gives me hope.
10,It's like a masterpiece It's comparable to a pianist.
9,It's not 10 points, but 9 points... There are no eye-catching and overwhelming things, but I can't take my eyes off it all the time.
10,It is only one of the famous paintings, but even a movie like ^^, the feeling of receiving it depends on the time and situation.
10,For the first time, I'm going to get a rating. Why did I watch this movie now when I was 20 years old? I regret it. My favorite movie, "Show Shank Escape"
10,I finally saw this movie and it was so fun and the best movie.
10,It's not a good movie, but it's a must-see movie for youth who are wandering
10,I have never cried after watching a movie, but I couldn't stop crying while watching the last scene.
10,I don't know what it is, but... It's obvious that it's a movie that you can't take your eyes off with emotion until the end.
10,It's a must-see movie. I can't help but be immersed from the beginning to the end of the movie. I think I've been absorbed in every scene. It's a really great movie.
10,If a movie can change your life, it will be this movie! Escape from Shawshank!
10,Good, good. It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,A movie that you must watch at least once
10,Why did I watch this movie now? The message to not lose hope is too deep. So far, gray-haired Andy and Red seem to be living happily in Gihuataneo, Mexico.
10,It's the best movie you must watch! It's so touching and fun! It's a movie that will be overshadowed by time
10,I am grateful that this is the first movie I saw in the theater The excitement is still unforgettable 20 years later I don't know if there's another emotion like this.
6,The middle is too long and loose.
10,A movie that still captures my remote control 20 years later every time it's on a cable channel. A modern masterpiece that does not miss anything from fun, touching, lessons, and visual beauty.
10,I hope you don't forget the feelings and hopes that you felt while watching this movie
10,Wherever I am, it's only me who decides who I am to live as. In that space of despair and irrationality, could I live like Andy or keep myself to the end? A movie that makes your heart warm every time you watch it
10,I saw what the movie gave me I'm going to evaluate this masterpiece in this era
10,I watched this movie five times.If you didn't watch it, just watch it. It's a work that doesn't need words
10,Why didn't I just stand...
10,I also have a DVD. A really good movie. Should I watch it today?
10,There's no movie that didn't get a star in the low-grade order. 1 point. I'm 100% sure that it's OOO with a lot of poo on it
10,Three words will suffice
10,I want to go back to when I saw the movie for the first time.
10,Good things never go away.
10,Good fun. Watch it again and again
10,Andy's willingness to challenge a stable environment and his desire for freedom are mixed together. Morgan, who took care of me, was also assimilated and ended up with Andy, which was very beautiful.With the open ocean view,
10,I watched it on video in 1995. When I think of this movie, I can still feel the overwhelming emotion of that time. I watched it a few more times after that and I think it is one of the best movies I must watch in my life.
10,It's almost the first time I've seen it properly, and it's a very moving and thoughtful movie. 10 stars is not a waste at all Haha
10,There is no need for words. I can't express all the emotions and feelings that come from deep down
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life. I'm short of 10 points
10,I watch it whenever I do it on TV. It's really the best movie of my life.
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen this movie yet? It's the best painting in the world
10,I don't know how many times I watched it since I was a teenager.It makes me think a lot every time I see it
10,A masterpiece. A masterpiece...Why! This is what a masterpiece movie is... I think it's a movie that proves... It's a movie that never gets tired of watching over 20 movies...Personally, I think 5 stars are not enough
10,I'm always touched whenever I see it!
10,I regret why I saw Forestgump and didn't see this masterpiece, and I'm glad I saw it today, albeit late.
10,The only downside is that the title translation is a spoiler
10,Make sure to watch it. I'm sure it's the best.
10,Best movie ever...I have regrets about why I saw it now.
10,Wow, it's a movie to watch before you die
10,Wow... I think it's a good movie
10,Have you ever felt real freedom? So our lives are too busy. In unfair days, they are bound by repeated life, lower the standard of happiness, and conclude it as happiness. We have a right to be happier, more free. For the happiness and escape from life that you always hope for,
10,Freedom, hope. It's the best and greatest movie with everything in it.However, if there is a better movie than this, wouldn't it be your life to watch this movie?
7,It's not a movie I want to see again
10,Everyone must have a big desire for freedom because they are run over by the company at school.
9,I think I've seen it about five times. A good movie is like this.
10,As expected, it is a classic masterpiece. Personally, I think it is a good movie especially in the moment of despair and frustration. When I see the main character who overcame the oppression and bondage of reality, I feel like I have overcome it myself.
10,I think it's the greatest work after the Bible. Hope and anger, forgiveness and love. It contains all the beautiful moments and emotions of life that humans can feel. When I'm tired of the world, I watch this movie quietly.
10,It was a coincidence that I saw this movie, but the life that the movie gave me was absolutely inevitable.
7,It's a bit boring, but overall, it's well-made. But I'm curious. What did you use the rope for? I didn't see it used to escape. I think it's best to hit the back of that warden.
10,Sigh... Seeing Leon and Shawshank Escape is really moving. I don't think the movies I'm going to watch after this will be interesting. What should I do?
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,A movie that's always impressive.
10,A movie that doesn't need words. It's the best.
10,Happiness never disappears.
10,It's like a movie that lacks 10 points. I was dazed for a while when the ending credits went up. a film well deserved to be called a masterpiece
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,It's a movie where you can feel the infinite glory and sensitivity of being born in this era and watching a movie like this. I'm ashamed that I dare grade this movie.
10,It's the best production that fits perfectly with directing and story acting
10,Hope is...
7,the original of the Wal-Made Escape
10,It's so much fun. It's crazy With the director
10,This is a movie made by God.I will never forget freedom and hope
10,It's the best movie that anyone who hasn't watched must watch
10,It's the best... I don't get tired of watching it many times.
7,About 8 to 9 points for a normal movie?
10,It was very impressive
10,Wow, there is a person who gave 1 point to this movie. It is my personal taste, but one point of this movie is too much. It is the second best movie I have ever seen. When Andy and Red reunited in society at the end, the story behind it was very touching.As expected, old movies are the best
10,I've seen hundreds of movies, but there's no better movie than this one.
10,It's the best movie ever
10,What words can I use to evaluate this movie in only 140 characters?
10,There's someone who gave me 1 point... You don't understand this? Is it elementary school?
1,I don't understand why this is the highest score
10,I've heard that it's a masterpiece since I was born, but I didn't watch it because it was released before I was born.I really regret watching it later
10,The best movie of my life that's good to watch over and over again
10,Out of the top 10 movies in my life, movies that go back and forth between 1st and 3rd place
10,Every time I see him, I feel something new
10,I don't know how many times I've seen this movie. It's worth 10 points
10,I can't get enough of it
10,Best movie ever! You have to watch this movie until the end to see why the title is Shawshank Escape
10,Living like a fool without doing anything, it confused me a little, but thank you I felt free even in the movie. I wish me a happy hope.
10,Best movie that doesn't need words
10,I've seen you 30 times so far, but I'll see you two or three hundred times before I die
10,No words needed. 10 words without spaces
10,Hope is a good thing. Some birds can't keep their feathers in a cage because the color of their feathers is so bright that they can' A movie that's indescribably wonderful! It's a masterpiece
10,It's been 20 years, but it's the best masterpiece
10,I don't need any more words. I thought about how it would have been if Alpacino played the role of Red.
10,I'm touched every time I see it.  A movie that you won't get sick of even if you watch it a hundred times
10,There are people who haven't seen it, but there are people who haven't seen it
10,The best movie ever!   Movies that you want to watch again and again
10,Why is there only 10 points? Strongly recommend
10,No words needed. It's a great movie
10,It's really a masterpiece.I've never used it before.Real hope... Hope is the reason why we live. Don't miss hope and hold on to hope until the end. There is hope, so if you try hard, anything will be fine.After watching this movie, I think I know hope now.It's the best. The best
10,A film about the glaring hope
10,The best movie of my life... be beyond description
10,A good movie reminds me of a few months later.It's been a while since I've seen you, but I'm here to give you a rating
10,It's the most touching movie ever.
10,It's just my opinion, and there's no movie I've ever seen like this.
10,It's a movie that lingers. The hope, the hope of looking at the sky from the lowest bottom, is the best thing.
10,If I die, don't mind anyone's saying, bury the Shawshank Escape DVD with me.
10,a masterpiece without words
10,It's a movie that's like a thumb that's immersed without blinking
10,Of course, 10 points. If there's 11 points, it's 11 points.
10,Of course, it's 10 points.
10,The scene where I drink cold beer on the roof is still nostalgic.
10,A movie that I want to watch for a long time
10,I will see you in 40 years.
10,Thank you for watching this movie at the age of 20
10,I can see why this movie is a masterpiece
10,There is no need for words. A must-see movie before you die
10,Why is 10 points the maximum?
10,It's real. It's real
10,희망은 좋은 것이다. 어쩌면 가장 좋은 것일지도 모른다. 그리고 어떤 좋은 것도 결코 죽지 않는다.
10,Why 9.36 points? That's too low
10,It's not a masterpiece for no reason
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,I realized again after watching this movie that movies called masterpieces have good reasons. a film that is worthy of praise as the best movie
1,Likeable order Latest net score High net score Low net score Low net score High net score Low net score Low net score
10,I bet this movie will be more touching when people who don't have hope, such as feeling like they're standing on the edge of a cliff or falling into an abyss. With Andy in the rain, something that has been choking me will melt away.
10,The best of the best
10,It's an old movie, but it's always a masterpiece! You're the best!
10,Content, skills, lessons... the most impressive work of all time It's a great work that you can see without any burden even if you look at it again. Healing movies are like this.
10,20 years later, it's still a masterpiece.When I was young, adults said that this movie was good, so I didn't know what it was about, but when I got older, I learned about society and lived my life again, it made me think and feel a lot. Thank you.It is a movie that I want to keep for a long time.
10,I don't understand people who scored less than 10 points
10,A movie that makes me want to watch it again
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now? I can't help but think about the possibility of misjudgment and the human rights of prisoners, and corruption and corruption. It really should be gone. A man must have integrity. In addition, it is necessary to examine whether it has been enlightened and have a good program to adapt to society.
10,It's the best movie in a while. It's the best movie
10,It's the best movie in my life.the real thing
10,If you don't know how to watch a movie, you can't help it. If you laugh at a gag concert, you'll be the best fool. This movie is a masterpiece and this is how the movie is made.  Korean directors... Phew...
10,The best masterpiece of my life that I can't get tired of even looking at it 10 times
10,In a movie like this, do people who play the libs go around advertising saying that they are ignorant?
10,It's so much fun. Correction, really
10,I think there were a lot of unfair things in the past. It's better now than it used to be, but there's still a lot of social absurdity. The history of mankind is the history of progress, but the pace of progress is really slow.
10,Best. A movie that gave me hope when I had a hard time personally.
10,It's the best. This is the movie
10,I have no qualms
1,You're not loyal. Are you alone? 1 point
1,It's ridiculous, so 1 point!
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,브룩스는 여기 있었다.
10,If it weren't for the word "escape" in the title, it would have been even more successful.
10,You're amazing. You're amazing.
10,The best movie of my life, number one
10,I dare say it's one of the top three movies of my life.
10,I think I've seen this movie 100 times, but I can't get enough of it.
10,The best movie that touches me every time I watch it
10,The World's Most Beautiful Operationalization of Hope and Will to Live
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,The phone bill for Tianhe Phama? I'm surprised.
10,This is a movie that can't help but give 10 points. All movies were perfect enough to frame this movie.
10,I dare to say that there can be no more masterpieces than this.
10,It's good. It's just good.
10,Yes, this movie is a legend.
10,I don't know how many times I watched it  A masterpiece! A masterpiece!
10,I can tell that I wrote each line with all my heart and soul.Stephen King, come on
10,Best movie without words!
10,I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now!
10,Andy ㅠㅠ The best young man ever!
10,I've seen this several times, but it's awesome!
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life. I still can't forget the last scene
1,He escaped alone and scored 1 point
10,If you ask me what is the best movie of my life, I can say it's this movie
10,I recommend a movie that doesn't need words
10,A masterpiece that can't be given less than 10 points
10,a masterpiece that is too great to be judged as a mere star
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,The best movie in my life. If I hadn't seen this movie, I'd regret it for the rest of my life.
9,It's calm and has the best suction power dramatically!
10,One of my favorite movies I'm sure you've seen it ten times
10,It was vivid and touching, beyond description, more than a movie, like what I experienced
10,I saw this now ㅠㅠ I'll never forget hope!
10,10 stars for you
10,It's too small
10,It's an old movie, but it's like a movie
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. The best movie that touches me every time I see it
10,It'll always be remembered as a masterpiece and movie company
10,Should I give him a rating?
10,It's an advanced movie.
10,It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece. The best movie a man can make
10,Some people have never seen this movie, but others have only seen it once.
10,the most beautiful hymn of humanity It shows what a life victory is. Touching is a bonus
10,the best movie that doesn't require evaluation
10,Message content, tension, beauty, acting, screenplay, everything is a movie
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,I think there's a reason why the stars are the best.
10,a delightful escape
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of. There's no better movie to express the will of man's will
10,I think it's a masterpiece for no reason
10,People around me complimented me and I became one of them
8,A film that reminds us of the most basic human rights, freedom and the importance of everyday leisure. And Morgan Freeman's calm narration is really attractive.
10,Shawshank has the highest rating...
10,Is this the kind of movie that makes you want to watch it's
10,If you can see the channel, you have to watch it until the end. It can't be helped. It's force majeure.
10,Good words, Feel free to say good. Let's go overboard
10,I don't think I need to talk When I first saw her in elementary school, and now I'm 28 years old...
10,There is no need for words, simply no need for words.I think most Koreans have seen this movie at least 5 times.Every once in a while, you end up watching it until the end
9,There's hope in Shawshank
10,I'm sorry. I only have 10 stars. I'll give you all of this. I want to give you more, but I'm sorry that I only have 10 stars.
10,It's a movie that reminds me of the word "moving" and "hope"
10,a film with a life lesson
9,It's a movie that you can watch with a light heart, but the message the movie sends us is never light. a fine film
10,There's hope in my dark life
10,The best movie... I watched it again and again. And I watched it again and again
10,For real!
10,It feels like I'm out of prison when I watch all the movies. The best movie ever!
10,My life, my house, my universe, the most perfect fantasy movie
8,Well, it was a good movie! But I can't agree to get the highest rating
9,Instead of the urgency or fear of the prison escape process, it gives a calm impression by convincingly solving the inner and outer conflicts of the escaped prisoner.
10,a beautiful filmthe first grade
10,It's my 17th time watching it, and I can't get enough of it! This is a legendary masterpiece ㅠㅠ
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,A movie worth 10 points
10,It's the best gift in my life. Even if you don't say 10 letters, your heart will be delivered
10,The more I see it, the more perfect it gets
10,A learned person works everywhere.The reason why parents should study hard^^
10,It's a great movie that makes me watch it no matter how many times I watch it
7,It's good, but it's not enough to eat first place
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I look at it
10,I am 26 years old and I watched this movie recently. I regret it so much. But I'm so happy to see it now.
10,I can't say anything because I'm afraid it's going to be a spoiler, but when I see it, I end up Make sure to watch it
1,Don't be so magnificent~ ♥♥♥ Hehe
10,A movie that taught me the purpose of waking up from my own prison.
10,a lifetime movie
10,The movie of my life. When 'Marriage to Figaro' flows in Shawshank Prison, I could see my soul pigeon flying up in the sky.
10, 자유
10,Dreams and hopes make impossible possible
10,The ending that Andy and Red reunite and embrace is beyond words. No matter how many times I watched that scene...
9,How can I express the lingering emotions in words?
10,I don't think there will be a movie that surpasses this movie for the time being. It's a really good movie.
10,I acknowledge it as the biggest movie of my life
10,Please make a movie like this. Don't make a movie that's always abusive and cruel.Compared to America, Korean movies are as good as American movies in the 70s and 80s.
10,Really... The best movie of my life... A movie that you have to watch twice after watching twice
10,If you play it more often on the movie channel...
10,I can't get enough of it.After watching the movie,A movie that makes me feel how happy I am living my life
10,I didn't grade you. Oh, my God. It makes me miss you every time I see you
10,a legendary slow starter
10,That's a good story. I want to see you again next time
10,I'm not 100 out of 10 and I watch every movie on TV a few times.
10,Andy Made a Miracle with Hope
10,I don't know if there will be another masterpiece like this.It's a movie that automatically excites me
10,Oh my... Can it be fun even if I look at it like this way? It's one of the best masterpiece. I think I've seen it five times, but even if I keep looking at it, I'm getting a tsunami of emotion. Hope is a good thing
10,Movies that you can't get enough of
10,Ten letters. Ten letters.
10,It's the best movie. It's so touching.
10,a film ten points short ^^
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
10,Storytelling through stories and characters that may seem ordinary at first glance is more than perfect. The best masterpiece that shines like jewels in every line of characters. It is a work that is grateful for its existence.
10,A movie that's good to watch. A movie that's a masterpiece even if you think about it. A film about freedom and hope.
10,It is a movie that I always watch whenever life is hard...
10,The calm emotion is what I said about this movie. The movie I watched on my way out of Ulleungdo Island
10,one of the greatest masterpieces of my life
8,If I had seen it in 1994, I would have scored 10 points, but now it's normal.
9,I don't know why it's ranked as the best movie in the world There was no thrilling revenge on the real culprit, no warm emotion I felt like the second half of the story was developing so suddenly that I felt like my spirits were loosened If it's this kind of movie, Ketch me if you can is more thrilling and fun
9,In an absurd situation, the main character who did not let go of hope for freedom and tried secretly becomes an example. The only regrettable thing is that he had to live as an escaped prisoner for the rest of his life.
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't need words...
10,A two-hour puzzle that compressed 20 years of time
10,Personally, it's my No. 1 movie
10,It's really, really, really nice
10,The title is a spoiler. But this is the best movie
10,The best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best
10,There are so many movies that I log in to, but this is a masterpiece. Goosebumps
8,It's a story that upsets your imagination. I saw it when I was young, but I still remember it vividly.
10,Tamed into familiarity, it becomes a place bond. The story of breaking the bonds and finding freedom
10,How can I not give this movie 10 points? I really want to recommend it so that everyone can feel the shock and feeling I received.
10,This is what a movie is like.
10,Who can say this movie is not funny? A flawless, perfectly entertaining movie!I don't think there are many movies that can affect the hearts of viewers like this. A movie that will shine in the name of a masterpiece even if time passes.
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this now.It was the best movie of my life.
10,I can feel the real aftertaste. Personally, the best movie
8,It makes sense that he tried to kill himself when he got out on parole.I've been in prison for 40 years, and I haven't adjusted to society.I feel emotional for some reason...
9,What is freedom?
10,I hope... What he, what they've achieved.
10,The Shawshank Escape that you can't get tired of. Every time I see it, it's new. A masterpiece that's definitely in the top five.
10,It's touching and it's one of the top 5 movies I've ever seen.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,가장 좋은
10,It's really a new name. Awesometruth
10,an exciting escape story
10,I think it's enough to get a perfect score.
10,You're the gold medal. You're the gold medal in Russia
10,The best masterpiece that's fun no matter how many times you watch it
8,April showers bring May flowers. It's very beautiful and amazing...
10,I can't forget the last scene
10,The best masterpiece... I don't need to say any more.
10,I really enjoyed watching this movie in my lifeI think it is a must watch movie before I die.There are many famous lines and I think it's a movie that makes me think a lot.It's the best.
1,If I fell asleep while watching it, I guess I had high expectations
10,I can't believe there are people who don't give this movie 10 points even though they don't know other movies.
10,This is the best movie ever.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,One of the best movies. The meaning of hope that is always brooding.
10,Make sure to watch it!Wow, hehe
10,The best movie is a must-see movie before you die. After watching this movie, it will be remembered as your best movie
10,There is no need for words. You have to watch it.
10,Breaking the mold of the world, hope is not far away
10,I watched this movie again after a long time. It was one of the best movies I've ever seen, but I've forgotten about it for years and it's a new feeling to watch again.A masterpiece gives a consistent impression even after time passes. Tim Robbins is so cool.^^
10,No matter how many times I see it, it's still new
10,It's new to see me doing it with cable. It's a masterpiece
10,There's nothing to watch, so I changed channels, and if there's Shawshank Escape, I watch it every day I think I've seen it seven times so far In the scene where you open your stomach, Red's monologue and such a famous movie...
10,I've watched it 236 times.Memorize every line.A masterpiece that will never come back
10,A movie that always touches my heart
10,Each line is like a gem and the movie that touches you is the best!
10,I finally saw this masterpiece. I should watch it again and again L
10,There's no need for words. The lines are like a gem.
10,Freedom shines most when bound
10,I need to raise the rating for this.
10,Good. It's really fun.It's more fun every time I watch it.
9,Forest Gump and this is so touching
10,A movie that really looks back on life and makes you think about the future.
10,That's awesome. It's so much fun. Spring 7 is so much fun
10,This is the right movie.
10,A true movie! One of the must-see movies in my life
1,I'm going to try it because I'm curious how much it'll fall
10,a film that has already been proven by ratings
10,Why is it so fun? The best movie
10,The best actor, the best lines, the best movies
10,Best movie ever! Human will to freedom.
10,This movie has nothing to do with composition, direction, and acting. It's a piece of work.
8,It was a good movie, but I still feel uncomfortable.
9,Nothing in the mind can be taken away and touched. It's his own. "Hope"
10,I love you. I don't need any more words.
10,You're the best. I happened to see you, and I would have regretted it if I missed you
10,It's so touching. It'll be the same in a few years. Good...
10,Never tire of one of the masterpieces ㅜㅜ
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen since I bought a VCR! It's great to see it again now!
10,It's just the best. Watch it twice
10,I'm confident that the movie expresses the best by maximizing the simple message that hope is the best
10,Are there people who didn't watch this?
10,It's a shame that I don't have 20 or 50 or 100 points
10,I was just looking at it like nothing happened, but it suddenly came to me at the last scene
10,For more than 2 hours, I didn't know it was boring and I enjoyed it so much
10,10 out of 10! The best movie of my life!
10,The best movie of my life. I don't need words
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't waste 10 points
10,It was the best movie of my life. I felt the hope of life
10,This is loyalty! Loyalty! 10 points!
9,A movie that you should watch at least once in your life
10,Andy can't get rid of Jeolla-do Island if he becomes a slave.
8,Maybe it's because I was expecting too much.
10,10 points, 10 characters, 10 characters
10,The more I see it, the more amazing it is.
10,It's been 20 years since I've seen such a masterpiece.I even want to thank the director for making such a masterpiece. It was a great movie.
10,It is my favorite movie. The scene where the music of Whee Garo's wedding comes out is touching even after watching it dozens of times. I feel like I'm stopping. The escape scene is a real thrill.  Vote for Shawshank Escape without hesitation for the best movie.
10,We need to give 100 points for this. Of course
10,My friend says it's funlol
10,The value of hope and hope to learn from people who can use their situation and abilities! There are so many famous lines that I want to put this movie in my head Or perfect absorption. That's how good it is
10,This movie is life and dream.
10,Why did I see it now?
10,I just don't need to talk
10,It's 10 points. 10 points
1,I'm sure it's a masterpiece, but... It's too high.
10,"Jihuataneo"...I think I saw this movie before OOO. Going there after that is one of life's goals
1,Is this fun? I'm curious.
10,Movie that will be remembered forever. Escape from Shawshank
10,It's so much fun. I'm about to cry
10,The best movie of my life. I can't speak. Why did I know this kind of movie now?
10,a movie that gave me a deep thrill
10,I think my life will be divided before and after watching Shawshank Escape.
10,Just the best. Red's familiar voice is not repulsive at all, it's fun and touching. It's the best movie of my life!
9,A film that will never be forgotten.
10,How many times do you screw people?  It is a work that I can truly call a masterpiece. And what I felt... Dreams are always up to the dreamer and it was the truth and it will be the truth and truth.
10,I don't really compliment myself after watching a movie. If it was the best, there's no need for wordsThe best movie I've ever seen
10,I think Frozen is too high.
10,Don't watch it if you can't handle the tsunami of emotion
10,When I saw this movie for the first time in 2014, prejudice against old movies was broken It was not important when it came. The movie released in 1995 is higher, more touching, and makes me feel more than the Korean movie released yesterday The budget is small, large, large, small, and just an excuse
10,The ending of this movie is...The movie that I want to show if I have a child later on
10,Beautiful movie with insight ㅠㅠ Touching ㅠㅠ
10,I've heard the title a lot, but in reality, the first movie I saw today. It was unbelievable.
10,If you're already watching a movie on a movie channel, you'll change the channel, but if you're doing this movie, you'll definitely stay tuned I think I've watched it about 30 times. It's a movie that will cheer me up even if I watch it 30 times more.
10,Best movie ever again
9,레드를 기억하라. 희망은 좋은 것이다. 어쩌면 가장 좋은 것 중 하나일 수도 있고, 어떤 좋은 것도 죽지 않을 수도 있다.
10,I happened to turn the TV and stop looking at it. I can't miss a moment. It's a classic movie 20 years ago ㅠㅠ It's the best movie that makes me keep thinking about the messages that are sent to me...! It's just the best...bbbb
10,I thought it was a movie that came out when I was born, but I'm so lucky to see it on TV. It made me think that I would have been in big trouble if I hadn't watched it
10,It's always a masterpiece! I just saw it again and I was more deeply moved.
10,In the past, there were a lot of masterpieces for "Story Core", but these days, "Action Core"... I like moving movies
10,It's both shocking and touching. It's creepy.
10,This is the best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life.
1,I really enjoyed watching it
10,I hope ㅠㅠ you're the best!The last narration was the best. I cry every time I see you ㅠㅠ
8,It would have been better in Korea if the title had been translated differently. From the title, spoiler
10,This is a masterpiece. Terminator, listen up
1,I'm having so much fun. That's awesome
10,My friend says it's really fun
1,One of the movies I really enjoyed.
10,It is a movie with all the twists, touching, and interest. The scene of drinking beer and playing music in the middle is sad, and the scene of hugging at the end shows the height of emotion... It's a movie where I can feel the thrill all over my body
10,8398486/ What are you talking about for a movie that doesn't even have a 10 rating?
10,After watching the best movie of my life, I feel sad
10,It was the best movie of my life It's my first time crying while watching a movieI finally opened my eyes to the movie
10,There were many interesting and lesson elements for the 1994 movie. Overall, it seems like a movie with a good storyline. A masterpiece that I was satisfied with
8,They say it's the best, but I think it was just worth watching^^
10,freedom to have hope
10,The original name is Shawshank Redemption. Like the original, Andy went to Shawshank and got what he wouldn't have gotten if he were in society. Andy, who had to be hurt and impoverished by his wife's affair, was able to meet Red and heal by being in Shawshank. I think Shawshank saved Andy
10,A movie that helps you find the meaning of life
10,I don't need a maximum of 10 words
10,A must-see masterpiece of the century
10,It's great to be able to do that in that unjust accusation.Andy's efforts to find freedom were wonderful.
10,I watched this movie 20 times. Why? There's a lot to learn every time I see it! I think it's a philosophical movie where actors' acting skills are natural and there are many things to learn in life. If I have a child, the first movie I want to show as a teenager.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece. I want to see it again
10,A movie that makes you feel a lot of things
10,I think hope is very good.
10,It makes me think about life. a masterpiece
10,142 minutes. It's just going to go by so fast.
10,It's a relief that I watched this movie even now
10,I am happy to be able to watch this kind of movie in my life.
10,It is a movie that comes to mind whenever it is difficult and difficult.
10,I think this movie will be fun and boring, but it is not boring at all. I enjoyed it the most. I will pick it as the best three
9,It feels like I got hit on the head I couldn't keep my mouth shut because I was so surprised It's so much funLOL
10,It's different from a third-rate trash movie.
10,It was a top movie that I found and watched as much as Titanic.
10,It seems that all the truths of life are contained in this movie that you never get tired of watching again and again I strongly recommend that you watch it more than 30 times, but you're watching it again
10,Oh, it's crazy. I can't stop thinking about it. I have to give 100 points for the best movie of my life.
10,Are you ready to enjoy freedom?
10,an infinitely good movie...
10,the best movie of my life without hesitation
10,the best movie without words
10,The last time Red met Andy, it was so touching
10,It's just the best. For a long time
10,It's not worth 20 points for those who give it 1 point.
1,It wasn't good. It's not good.
10,The best ever...a haunting film
10,How did I watch the movie when I was 20 years old?If you watched it earlier, your life would have changed
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! I'm touched no matter how many times I see it!
10,I suddenly remembered it, so I watched it again today...Why did I know the main actor was Tom Hanks? I knew it was Tom Hanks five minutes ago
10,It's the best. It'  ~^^
10,Let's see if the movie is worth 10 points. A film that shows how humans should behave in the most desperate situations. Humans cannot be defined as living by eating and breathing alone. It also shows the heartlessness of power. Each small episode is as interesting as a masterpiece short film.
10,The best movie of my life.I've seen countless movies so far, but so far, there's only one movie that I can remember in my life, but it broke this record.When I saw the title of "Show Shank Escape," I thought it was just a prisoner escape movie, but it's a movie about life.Why did I see this now?
10,a masterpiece of immortality that I happened to see
10,I didn't like movies, but I got goosebumps when I watched it.I think I studied life as a child
10,I recommend Shawshank Escape.
10,It was the first time in my life that the ending scene touched my heart like this.
10,I think this is just a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life... There are many other good movies...You can't compare it to Shawshank Escape. You can't get sick of it even if you watch it more than 10 times. Even in 2013, the story and resolution are amazing
10,I heard that it was a masterpiece, so I couldn't watch it, but I watched it this time. It's the most touching moment  It tells us what a true masterpiece is.For those who are still thinking about it! You have to watch it no matter what.And when you see it, you'll recommend it like I do
10,A movie that still gives me hope
10,To be honest, I thought of the genre in terms of action because of the word 'escape', but it was the opposite. I cried a few times while watching it and I was moved, so it is a movie that lingers long. I understand why it's called a famous painting.
10,It's the best movie ever. I think a lot even if I watch it again after a few years
10,I saw it a few days ago, and I hope it wasn't a masterpiece for no reason. One of the best movies I've ever seen.
10,10 points are not enough! I know why it's a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch it
10,One of the best movies.
10,The best movie. I got goosebumps in the last scene
10,the best movie ever
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,I don't need words.
10,It's really fun. It's a masterpiece
10,The rating is definitely 10. It's a must-see movie in my life
10,Even if you look at it three times, it's a masterpiece.
10,There is no need for words.the best movie
10,An unforgettable movie that touches the heart
10,Shawshank escape...It's just hope
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it ten times.
10,It's a masterpiece based on a true story. It's one of the movies that young people of this generation want to recommend if they haven't seen it yet. I learned a lot from the main character who never gave up and pioneered his life.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,I'm sure it's the best movie of my life.
10,A great movie that was achieved with a spoon.
10,It's just good. It's really cool. It's awesome
10,be considered a masterpiece of masterpieces
10,There's no need for words.the best movie
10,I'm still 19 years old, but I dare say it's the best movie of my life.
9,I think it's a good movie.
10,The gold I saw on TV one day
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,It's one of the most memorable movies that makes you concentrate even when you watch it again
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it again
10,Wow, I can say that it is the best movie of my life. I really enjoyed it. I can see why the ratings are high Now.
10,I watched it five times until today. The best movie that never disappoints me
10,It's a great trick to watch a movie every time you sit to the end, even if you accidentally do it on the cable
10,Do you need more than 10 words?
10,역대 1위
10,The movie I want to watch again!
10,It's so creepy! I cleaned my eyes while watching "A Cook of Trash" movie!
10,I remember what Red said to qualified judges in the second half, which was like a message from a movie to meIt's a movie that you can focus on right now and think of when you're having a hard time
10,Freedom is not a sweet ice cream
10,9.35 is a high rating, but I think it's a movie that can feel nothing even if it's higher than this
10,The best movie of all time. I looked at it indifferently, and it was awesome.
10,Good, good! Yay!
8,Maybe it's because I saw it now. I didn't find it very impressive, but... It was an outstanding work.
9,I want to know how you've been able to make a hole in an open space for a long time, and how you've been able to stick the bromide back together when you get out
10,I think it's a good description of the world where people live.
9,It is a movie that came out in the 20th century, but I want to call it the best drama genre in the 21st century.
10,I should watch the movie again when I have time.
10,I don't need words. It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's a touching movie that really doesn't need words
10,Do you need words? A good movie
10,The best movie! Shawshank escape!
10,I don't need to say anything. Let's open it up
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,I'm glad I've seen this movie now
10,The original book is also interesting!!!
10,What do I need to say? I thought I wouldn't watch it because it's an old movie... Good...
10,No words needed. It's the best movie of my life for years.
10,I'm not lying. Whenever I'm bored, I feel like I've seen you 20 more times in spring
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that lingered like this.
10,This is really... unprecedented. My life was divided into twoBefore and after watching "Show Shank Escape", I wanted to listen to "My Life" by Kyungil Han - Half of My Life
10,List of best films of my life worth dedicating
10,Thank you very much to the director who made this movie.I will do my best.
10,It's so much fun ㅠㅠ
10,Even after all these years, BoA is good...
10,I have nothing to say. It's a must-see movie before I die
10,It's so touching. It feels like eating spicy ramen on Mt. Everest. It stays in my heart, clears my mind, and makes my life proud. It's the most I can express.
10,The best movie in my 30s is Shawshank Escape. The best movie of my life with the best concentration every time I watch it dozens of times!
10,No matter how many times I see it, I feel the same emotion as when I first saw
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.
10,It's just a silly movie
10,Just look at it. Just look at it in 10 letters
10,It's the best. Every word is touching and wise. It seems to reflect the modern world living in a prison-like system and moral absurdity of power. The message that it can be changed by someone who constantly craves free hope and attempts to change it
10,Hope is a good thing Good things don't go away.That's a wise saying.
8,I can't believe the prison movies are so nice
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,At first, I thought it was a movie about freedom, but it turned out to be a movie about hope
10,I just happened to see this movie on TV a few decades ago, and I didn't expect it to happen, and it's really awesome, it's awesome, it's awesome, it's awesome, it's awesome. You're old now, so if you lived your whole life ㅜㅜ
10,I've seen it 20 times, and I like it, and there are people below who are loyal. They've been in prison for 20 years, and they've been sentenced to life. What's the point of loyalty?It's not even two days, but 20 years after being framed, that's how long it takes to endure it's Budha persimmon. It's just a smash movie.
10,I want to see this more than 10 times
10,Perfectly moved! Definitely the best masterpiece!
10,You can see why it's a masterpiece.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I see it. The best movie that I want to show my child later on
10,When I was a high school student, I came to a movie college that was really touched and I saw it again because of my assignment. It was the first time I was amazed by the movie
9,I suddenly remembered it, so I watched it again.I think I've seen it five times. Every time I see it, it touches me and feels differently.
10,Can you make it better than this... a movie that you'll regret in the afterlife if you don't watch it before you die.
10,deeply moved by the feeling of emotionallyI've watched the rest of the movie more than 5 times~~♥
10,Every time I watch the best movie, it feels new.
9,Why didn't I watch this movie until I was 19 years old?
10,This movie is so fascinating... I just like it
10,오, 하느님.
10,I want to watch it again even if the ending credit cut goes up. A movie like life, a life that I want to live again, a movie that makes me happy, sad, and angry every time I think of it
10,A movie that is fun no matter how many times I watch it. I'd say the best movie of my life.
10,Best... in a world of oppression, for all who crave freedom within themselves
10,If you haven't seen this movie yet, you're teenagers now. If you're at least a middle school student or older, make sure to watch this movie if you've come this far. And I read the reviews...Let's make sure to grade it.This movie is a movie and more like a work of art. Everyone's textbook on freedom and hope.
10,It's not boring no matter how many times I see it.
10,It's a dusty movie...Especially the last...It's a good expression of freedom.Anyway, the ending was so cool during the reunion...
10,Just watch a movie that tells you a lot about life
10,I thought it was an old movie, so I didn't even think about watching it, but I didn't think it would go away... If you just look at it, it's okay
10,In the last 10 minutes, the Pacific Ocean was really dazzlingly beautiful and free.I'm sick and tired of seeing you two togetherthe real thing
10,There's a reason why I got the highest score ever on IDMB. Recommend IDMB that you can trust and watch
10,The production of hope and freedom is very excellent.
10,It's a good movie that makes me think a lot about humans and freedom, which was really touching.
10,If you accidentally come out of the cable, you can just stay tuned and watch it again
6,have the power to talk
10,I watched it again after a few years, but the touching moment I saw it for the first time is more than that. The more I see it, the more attractive it is
10,Every time I look at it, I always... A good movie. A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,Before watching the movie, do you watch the evaluation? If you don't think so, don't watch it. If you don't like it, just watch itAll right. Don't look at the score anymore like Ramallah, just look at it right away. Then you'll understand what I'm saying
10,When someone asks me what my favorite movie is, I talk about it first.
10,Do you need words?
10,You don't have to say much. You're the best. If you haven't seen it yet and you're looking at it, shut up
10,I think I watched it more than 10 times. It came out often until 7 years ago, but it doesn't come out often these days If you haven't watched it, I want to recommend this movie
10,I love your acting. The storyline is perfect  I don't get tired of watching it more than 10 times
10,It's impossible to grade...
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,Masterpieces don't go away. There is a depth that you can feel whenever you see it.
10,A movie that you watch over and over again
10,It's a must-see movie.
10,In my life...A must-see movie. A good movie to watch
10,I watched the movie when I didn't know how to watch it.
10,This is a real movie
10,A movie that makes me want to watch it again
10,It's so much fun!
10,It wasn't that fun in the beginning and the middle, but the turning point in the second half is amazing
10,a must-have filmFirst priority
10,It's a good movie to watch when life is meaningless. It's a masterpiece
10,This movie is the best movie I have ever seen.Andy's meticulous plan was horrifying and I think this movie is really good. It was a really touching and good movie.I felt excited when I saw Red smiling while imagining Andy driving a car.
10,One of the top 5 movies I've seen
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this now.,
10,I don't understand people who don't give 10 points to this movie.
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it.
10,I can't forget the last scene.
10,It's so much fun no matter how many times I watch it. I'm still watching. You're really the best.
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,No more detailed horoscopes are to be omitted
10,I want to go to Lake Jawatane.
10,The only movie that you can never get tired of watching
10,최고 중의 최고
10,The preciousness and greatness of the word hope, I learn many lessons from this movie.
10,It can be said that this is really a 'movie'. Almost everything in human history is also well contained. The story, the video, the composition, the touching (not forced) are all perfect.
10,I don't even remember how many times I watched it, but I can't even remember
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,It's the best. It's a lesson that you have to keep thinking about
10,It's so nice. I watched it five times.
10,It's still lingering. I feel like my heart is opening upㅜㅜ
10,Look! See you again! Watch it over and over again until you die! A movie that opens up a different world every time I watch it as I get older!
10,I was impressed.
10,A masterpiece. Just watch it!
10,I don't need words. Let's just shut up
10,I wonder why I've seen such a masterpiece now
10,I gave him 10 points because he watched it 10 times
10,Best movie ever. It still captivates me
10,a movie that is a bible of freedom and hope
10,It was so dope that I knew why this movie had a high rating.
10,What is true freedom?
10,Recently, my soul and my eyes have been overworked by trash movies. It is a masterpiece that I visited again in a place where I felt tired and thirsty due to frequent failure in choosing movies. The Shawshank Escape still impressed me as it was 20 years ago. It's a masterpiece even when I watch it when it's released.
10,I watched the movie in a limited space called prison, right? But I turned that thought upside down! Make sure to watch the movie!
10,A movie that's good to watch no matter how many times you watch it!
10,A great movie. No words needed.
7,It's so childish. I can't even be touched by the obvious setting
10,That sense of freedom after Andy escaped from the rain... Wouldn't his life in prison have doubled because of his hard work? a perfect movie
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The best movie. I wonder when this kind of movie will come out again
10,The best movie...A movie that's touching even now
10,There was a reason why it was a masterpiece. I got goosebumps the whole time.
10,A movie that I want to recommend to people who are tired of living
8,"Because I'm a person"...
10,What words are needed? This sentimentality.
10,They do it once a week on the cable, but it's fun every time I watch it.
10,It's definitely the best!!!
10,I learned a lesson that I could carry throughout my life.
10,I watched a masterpiece too late. It lingers in my mind
10,"Kanada, Rama-Basa-Aja-cha, South Africa
1,I just want to give him 1 point Just.
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,Do you need words?There's no answer.
10,the greatest masterpiece of one's life state the philosophy of life
9,What is the salvation? Be satisfied with the present situation and be grateful.
10,I watched it when I was young, but it's still the best movie
10,A movie that I always watch once a year since I was young...It's always fun
10,It's definitely the best movie I've ever seen. Throughout the movie, the main character's "Escape," which I was curious about, exploded with an unexpected twist at its peak, clapping while watching it alone in the room. As Red said, I thought DuPrain was really a 'surprise'. I'll see you later when I get home ^^
10,I said I was going to watch it, but now I'm going to watch the best movie of my life! Class is forever. A masterpiece is a masterpiece even after a long time!It's even more creepy and touching than blockbuster movies that cost billions these days.
10,It's a movie that I can't say anything about
10,Oh, it's a famous painting. Look at the sincere version
10,There's no need for words
10,Is it necessary to explain the number one rating in the world's largest and best iMDB?In addition, iMDB ratings have over a million participantsBut it's still 9.3
9,The hope that comes when you get used to the life of the silk.
10,It's not an exaggeration or a joke, but really, at the end, the whole body was filled with sorom.
1,It is a masterpiece, but I watched it boringly.
10,The best. The best movie of my life.
8,It's not as fun as Papillion
10,I lost track of time, I lost
10,Best Actor, Best Director, Best Screenplay
10,It's beautiful... a good movie
10,How can I rate this? the best movie of one's life
10,A movie that feels different every time I watch it! Best movie of my life!
10,Is it just freedom? I could see the blue Pacific Ocean because I chose a compass instead of a gun. You can't tell unless you see if it's really blue like a dream.
10,That's amazing.Recommendation
10,I guess I watched it 20 times. They do it a lot on cable, but I watch it every time I do it.I don't need words. This movie is a masterpiece.
10,Red was here, too.
9,A movie that goes beyond expectations. Isn't this what a real movie is?
10,This is a must-see...
10,Freedom and hope. Words like a distant utopia that most people in the world can't even handle.Andy Dufrein defines what was like that question mark: "Remember Red, hope is a good thing, it's the most precious thing in the world.Precious things never go away."
1,To be honest, it was below my expectations.
9,Personally, the scene where the old Red regrets himself in his youth was most impressive. On the other hand, I think that despair and hope exist equally until the day of life by facing new opportunities for freedom given along with regret.
1,It's just a story.
10,Really one of my best movies
10,I don't know why it's so great yet, but the joy of the ending is likely to last long.
10,Best, best, best, best, best, why more than 10 letters?
10,There is no need for words. You have to watch it.
10,It was the best of my life. This is.
10,It was the best movie. I was so moved
10,It's just a movie that can't be judged by a score
10,What if you don't give this movie a perfect score?
1,I know that freedom and hope are good messages, but I don't think they're number one.
10,Chicken 10
9,Top
10,I don't need to say much. If anyone hasn't seen it, look it up right away
10,I was made in my 20s. It is a movie that I watched in my 30s.It will be rerun on cable again today.It is a movie that still makes me watch it even though it is OOO.
10,I can't convey it in words. Don't be suspicious and watch. Never thought it was a '94 movie. I hope you all watch it. Especially those who live without hope, look twice
10,The heavy afterglow lasted for hours.
10,Too bad I can't give you 11 points
10,It's the best. I regret watching it late. If you find this movie, don't hesitate to watch it right away
10,This is such a ridiculous movie. I don't know how to express this emotion. I can only say thank you so much.
10,This is really... Wow... You have to shut up and watch.
10,the best movie
10,Usually, you give 10 points for a movie like this and there's no need for words
10,The desire for freedom and the retribution of cause and effect. . .A thrilling escape and catharsis. .A movie that made the present freedom precious and beautiful
1,a dull film
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's the best!
10,There is no need for words.
10,It's been 10 years since I watched this movie, but the last scene still lingers
10,The highest ever ㅓ
10,It's just the best
10,Originally, I don't like to do this and that while watching movies, but strangely, they do it often on TV, so I had no choice but to watch it, but it's really lingering.I've seen it on TV about three times, but when I became an adult, I could relate to it more, really, I think of a great movie
10,deserve to be called a masterpiece
10,A movie that you can watch until the end even if you watch it ten times
10,One of the masterpieces that you must see before you die!
10,One of the few movies that automatically end up watching TV when it's on.
10,Fun
10,123! You don't get sick of it even if you watch it a lot
10,Why did I watch this now? ㅠㅠcrying
1,I'm so bored the whole time I watch it;;;;;
10,No matter how many times I look at it, a masterpiece is a masterpiece.
10,I've seen it more than 3 times, but it's the best
10,Morgan Freeman, I respect you.
1,It wasn't fun for me.
10,This movie makes me want to be alone
10,This is the best of the best
10,One must learn
10,Wow, this movie is really... A movie you have to watch before you die LOL
10,Good
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I watch it again.
10,There's no need for words
10,Top
10,Shouldn't you watch a movie that makes you think about freedom, hope, emptiness, friendship, etc.?
10,A must-see movie!
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's perfect.
10,Truly the best movie ever!
10,It's nice to see you again
10,A movie to recommend
7,It's touching, but...
10,Genius... Of course, it's fun. There's no missing part in the lines of course.
10,jackpot
10,I've seen it so many times
10,A movie you need to watch before you die.
10,a masterpiece without words
10,This is a masterpiece... Perfect story, great acting by actors...
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,The movie that I feel different every time I watch it, you get 10 points
10,그의 판단은 곧 내려질 것이다.
10,I think I've seen it about 30 times. The only movie in my life. Jihuataneo.
10,Good
7,It was not very impressive
10,The movie that would have been on Noah's Ark
10,A simple two-letter word for this movie.A masterpiece, or a masterpiece...Red's narration on the greyhound bus to Jihuataneo is always touching and tears always flow when hugging on the beach
10,I hope the children I teach grow up a little more soon. Let's watch it together again.
9,Good
10,A masterpiece among masterpieces
10,You're the best!
10,As expected... No matter how much time passes, a masterpiece is a masterpiece.
10,Can I say that I watched some movies without watching "Show Shank escape"? It's the best
10,I've been procrastinating, procrastinating, and now I've just watchedWould my life have changed a little if I had seen you earlier?
10,Really... I can't express it, but to say one thing, 142 minutes ended in a blink of an eye.At the end, it was a movie that Dinkleddit didn't want to stop
10,좋아요.
10,Do you believe in hope?
10,ㅠㅠgood
9,I watched an old movie like this because I was wondering what was a masterpiece, and I found out the meaning of the word. The implications are contained in one film. The last scene is cool and makes the audience feel good.
10,There is a reason why people call it a masterpiece.
10,The movie that best uses the theme of prison. It will be a movie that many people remember.
10,Thank you to the members of the ratings committee who gave this masterpiece a 15-year-old audience
10,Cheers good
10,20 years later, it's still a masterpiece
10,With 10 points left for Shawshank, the rest of the movie should be rated at 9 or less
10,True freedom is great
10,Does society change humans or does humans change society?  After watching this movie, you naturally have no choice but to look around yourself.
8,It was fun
10,10 points
10,This movie's rating is 9.35 Labor Mouse making company's fault
10,the best movie
10,What words do I need?
8,as one feels
10,I couldn't take my eyes off or breathe beyond the last scene of Andy and Red, a movie that came to me even more desperately when I was a sergeant in 1995, but was stuck in the army.
10,I thought it was a boring movie at first, but it was the best movie of my life that gave me a huge twist in the second half and left a lingering impression on the movie. If my son is born, I want to show it to you
10,2 people who registered OO street because of OOO
10,The best movie of my life.
10,You're just the best
10,You can give me 10 points for this movie. CGV part-timers, this is 10 points, okay?
10,How can everything be so perfect? This is really... I can't help but give you 10 points
1,Give the Terminator the first place
10,That's the best ^^b
10,Good, good, good!
10,Maybe it's because you're two years older than me, so I'm more than twice as touched
10,Wow
9,It's been a long time since I saw a touching and refreshing movie. I have a lot of thoughts
10,Look at the ratings. Everyone has 10 points
10,I hope you watch a really good movie
10,It's really the best!
8,It's a movie that makes you happy and happy while making you think of many things
10,The movie that my homeroom teacher showed me after the college entrance exam!For the past 5 years, I've seen you every time I think of you It's a masterpiece that leaves fun, touching, and lingering emotions
9,I felt that it was such a good movie. In short, "The Good Movie"
10,Top
10,It's a must-see movie in my life. I really recommend it
10,What explanation do I need?
10,Don't tell me if you haven't seen it.
10,S and S
10,Good.
9, 좋은
10,I don't feel bored even without a flashy scene.It's fun no matter how many times I look at it.
10,10 out of 10
10,The movie that I watched several times and watched again today. I dare say it's the best moving movie ~~
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it
10,The best movie of my life
10,바쁘게 살거나, 죽기 바쁘게 살거나.
10,It's a masterpiece
10,It's a touching movie that makes me feel many things
10,One word is enough. "Masterpiece"
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,What more words are needed.
10,It makes me think a lot...Morgan Freeman's narration was genuine.
10,The best movie of my life
10,The final scene of Red reading Andy's letter from a box taken out from under the obsidian to keep his promise with Andy, brings tears to the real viewer... What is freedom? What is hope...
10,10개의 브룩스가 여기 있었다.
10,If you haven't watched it yet, you must watch it
10,I hope so, too
10,I liked the desire for freedom, the hope, and everything, but I think it was possible because Andy was the most prepared person to have freedom in the end. I'll try to do that, too!
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The fame of a masterpiece has its reasons.  It's so great. I really wanted to look up classic masterpieces again
10,The best! The best! The best
10,Will it be re-released? It's a great movie
10,Why didn't I watch a movie like this before?
10,A movie that I almost missed... jackpot
10,Oh, you're the best.구Good
10,It's been a long time since I've enjoyed it so much lol
10,A movie that makes me think a lot. It gives me a second look at myself, always hopeful but trembling with anxiety. Good things don't go away!
9,The whole story portrays a man's desire for freedom as plain as the lines of Morgan Freeman's deliberate monologue. Rather than a stormy sensation, should I say a calm wave of emotion?
10,a film about the will
4,Is it a masterpiece?
1,no
10,It's such a good movie
10,Even if we don't have a clear and dark future and can't see well, there's hope that everything will work out someday, so that's why we live. As Andy roared out of the dirty, dark sewer in the pouring rain, we also engraved freedom and hope.
10,a masterpiece
10,Seoul D.B.G, fighting!
10,If the reality is Shawshank, we should escape.
10,This is what a movie is...
10,A really well-made movie. It's a regular cable movie, but it's not boring every time I watch it. Morgan Freeman's line during the second half of the parole interview is strongly memorable.
8,In Korea, the fun was halved because of the title spoiler
10,I don't know if you're kidding or trying to open this movie, but I don't want to talk about this movie like this
10,A beautiful movie where you two become gay at the end. Thank you lol.
10,Hope is a good thing... Good things don't go away... ...ㅠㅠ...
10,I don't want to waste my stars...I appoint you as one of the greatest masterpieces of my life!
9,I read the original novel. I like both
9,It's a perfect movie. However, it is somewhat less than the "Papillon" that escapes from prison.
10,It's such a cool movie
9,a longing for hope that leaves a long lingering impression
10,There are some other parts of the original film novel that you can't get enough of, but I think it's a movie that shows what only the video media can give. If you're talking about "Movie," you can say "Show Shank Escape."
10,The film outshines any man's longing for freedom.
10,Wow... what a great work... I learned one important lesson in life as well as story composition...
10,Do you need words?
10,It's amazing when you open it up.
10,a masterpiece never to be seen again
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,The best movie. If you watch it without words, it's touching
10,A movie that's good to watch. It's a great movie that doesn't feel like it's been 20 years. Good, good
8,It's a good movie, but it didn't really hit me. I think it's a movie that needs to be watched again later
10,I'm sorry I didn't see this at the cinema Haha
10,A movie you'll never regret if you watch it! It's the best! I watched it without much expectation. I really enjoyed it
10,a masterpiece beyond the century
10,rather
9,No one has the right to give another responsibility to someone whose freedom is restricted for not fulfilling their responsibility for freedom. They have already lost their freedom.
10,It's a pity that I didn't pay to watch this movie at the right time.
10,It's a calm, but deep, deep movie.
10,10 points
10,It's the best. A novel with a true story motif is made into a movie. It's really well made.I've watched it more than 10 times, and I'll continue to watch it through cable
10,I can't forget the reunion of the last two friends
10,A must-see movie
10,The best movie of my life
10,I was often disappointed after watching a very famous old movie, but this movie is very satisfying both fun and touching. It's the best
10,Good
10,I've seen it a lot. It was fun every time I saw it.
10,Top
10,Recommendation
10,needless words
10,The only movie I've seen more than 10 times
9,Memorable phrase, "Here you are..." Don't lose hope
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,좋아요.
10,Good
10,the best movie
10,a mecca for prison films
10,That's nice
10,A movie you won't get tired of even watching it 100 times. A movie that allowed me to watch a movie.
10,It teaches life more realistically and realistically than any movie I've ever seen.
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece. Wow, awesome
10,I didn't understand when I was a kid. Now that I see it, it's a masterpiece Hope is not unfortunate
9,Freedom is like water to man.
10,It's the best. The first art new drama in my life is SK Wyverns.^.^
10,That's cool.
10,the best movie
10,It's one of the best movies I've ever seen in my life.  It's a masterpiece that's more than a movie
10,It's the best. It's truly amazing
10,L
10,I've seen it 16 times in my life. I personally wanted to watch it. I wanted to recommend it to my acquaintances. There is no need for words. A must-see movie in life.
10, masterpiece, masterwork
10,You need to see this
10,That's how the movie should be made
8,Personally, it's a little... About 8 points...
10,DuPrain's long struggle against injustice will never leave his mind.
10,I can't express my feelings in words. I felt many things while watching it. I knew I would escape because of the escape in the title of the movie, but I felt severe anger when the major general prevented me from leaving. It's a side of modern society that treats humans as a means
10,If you haven't watched it, please watch it
10,Do you need words?
10,I was searching for a movie and it is the highest rating ever.As expected, I think I watched this movie twice.I watched a movie a long time ago, so I don't have enough explanation now.The best thing is...These days, all the movies have been rated high.I watch almost 50 flights a month.
10,I didn't cry, but I really enjoyed watching it. Especially at the end...
10,The best! ㅠㅠ
10,ㅠㅠ It's touching
10,hope for freedom hopeless oppression A movie that makes you think about the reason for life and existence
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things never go away. I don't know how it's going to end, but I'm so excited that I can't sit down or think about anything else. My own hope is mine that no one can invade.
10,I'm always looking forward to seeing a movie like this again
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,This is what movies should do
10,movie, film,  picture, feature
10,A movie that comes to mind when you feel empty and depressed
10,There is a reason why a masterpiece is a masterpiece. It is one of the few movies that sometimes come to mind as time. I dare call it the greatest masterpiece of this time
10,It's not a waste.
10,It's not like it's not like it's not.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,Even if you look at the film in a piece, the value of freedom was really enough to capture the whole of our lives, and it felt like we were hearing an honest story about the free man's pursuit and the answer to the question in the rain. It's the best!
9,The satire of the time through a true story was okay If it's a bummer, there's less conflict
10,It's been 20 years since the movie started. It's a masterpiece
10,I don't need words.
10,A movie that you have to watch while living a masterpiece. A movie that you'll regret if you don't watch
10,I don't think there's a movie that's as touching as this one with hope in it.the most memorable film of one's life
10,I saw it when I was a kid, so I wasn't going to watch it.It's different again.I met a real impression in the rainy morning.
10,It's a masterpiece almost 20 years after it came out
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,gut, exorcism
10,What more do you need to say?
10,That's amazing. The best movie of my life.
10,A movie where you can feel catharsis! I remember the phrase, "Knowledge is power."
10,Good. Just...
10,I'd love to.
10,This is a real movie
10,Best movie to recommend to anyone!
10,It's a movie
10,142 minutes passed so quickly. The best twist ㅠㅠ The best exhilaration ㅠㅠ
10,A movie I've seen more than 10 times. It's touching every time I see it!
10,It's an error to give points... I can't give you a score. It's the best work!
10,I don't get tired of it no matter how many times I see it
10,a work that delicately reveals inner psychology
10,A movie that you must watch in your life
10,It's not enough to give 10 points. There's no need for comment.
10,I don't know how many times I've seen this movie. It's been a long time since Cedar forgot. A movie I'll be watching for the rest of my life.
10,a human victory
10,A message of hope to those who crave true freedom. Movies that give hopeful messages are usually forced (representative of three idiots), but this movie breaks that frame and sends messages to the audience so naturally and emotionally. The best movie ever
10,More touching than the original... At this rate, I can't give you less than 10 points.
10,jackpot
10,I fell in love with Shawshank Escape at first sight. You're such a nice guy.  You look very young for your age. His acting is so touchingㅜ
10,It was really touching. 19 years since the movie was made, it is really touching even now.
10,I thought it was a simple prison escape movie, but it was touching.
10,What a great movie.
10,
10,Hope is good thing
1,Hip-hop best man, I'll show you my rhyme. A dark and magnificent movie that we don't have any loyalty to, eras
10,mining
10,The best movie of my life.
10,If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it 10 degrees is not enough.the best movie
10,It's the best movie for anyone. It's always the best movie
10,The best movie of my life without any regrets. Nothing is missing. Acting, directing, story, touching, nervousness, the best
10,It's just the best...
10,The first movie I've ever seen... Shower Shank, shoot! ^^
10,Top
10,It's the best.
10,Ten points? --Naver, raise your GPA up to 200 points right now--
10,I strongly recommend it!
10,The movie that I still remember
10,There's nothing like this these days. It's the best.
10,It was the best
10,A masterpiece that's not enough even if you give me 10 points
9,I'll see you again someday.
10,The best movie ever
10,I'm not lying. I think I've seen it about 20 times. But every time is good
8,hehe
10,Isn't he the father of all the prison movies? And the psychological description of the character is beyond words
10,There is no need for explanation. a work out of ten
10,It's nice.
10,I became immersed throughout the movie, and even though it was an old work, it didn't feel tacky at all. After watching the movie, I felt relaxed. It's a great movie.
10,최고 중의 최고
10,Top
10,I envy DuPaint who never lost hope in the worst of the movies I see once a year.
10,Even though it has been a while since I watched this movie, I want to watch it again
10,The cable plays it whenever I forget it, but I understand that
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life that I've seen more than 50 times, but I feel a new impression every time I watch
10,This is the movie. A movie that's been around for years is the best movie.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I didn't think much about it.It became the best movie of my life
10,I dare say it's the best ever.
10,needless words
10,This is the best movie in words.
10,The greatest masterpiece of mankind created by humans whose depth of life cannot be measured.
10,Top
10,After the movie, I watched the ending credit blankly.The last scene gave me a shudder. I dare say it's the best movie I've ever seen
1,It's not funny at all and it's not touching at all...
10,I want to say it's a masterpiece. Movies that you want to watch again. Movies that you want to cherish
10,full of beans
10,It is hailed as the greatest movie of all time anywhere in the world. I'm so thankful that this movie is here
10,How did I finally get to watch this movie?
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,a spring rain-fresh film
10,Let's see
10,You're the best!
8,I didn't feel touched.
10,It's the greatest work of my life
10,I watched it again and again and again and again but I can't get enough of it ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that doesn't forget everything about acting, singing, and story
10,Out of all the masterpiece!I can't get enough of it even if I watch it more than ten times.
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,How many times has it been?
10,It was art
10,Wow...
10,That's awesome...
10,a masterpiece without words
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,There's no needless words! Let's watch it! It's good to watch it twice!
10,It was the best. I watched it without getting bored for 2 hours.I'm so thankful that there's a movie like this
10,This is
10,I really liked the word hope.Mozart's music scene is also a famous scene.The best movie of my life!
10,I think it's the best movie with real emotion that gives 100% vicarious satisfaction to many movies so that I can feel the second and third time more than the first time
8,The scene of Mozart Figaro's marriage flowing out is impressive
10,The movie that taught me how to live...
10,It is my first time to have such a long and beautiful painting.
10,Wow................!!!
10,We drank in the sun like free men. It was like it was on the roof of my house. We had nothing to envy.
1,Bosung's loyalty
10,The movie that left a deep impression on me no matter how many times I watched it...
10,I applaud you for your unforgettable emotions and hopes even after all these years
10,Oh, you made this into a movie?Director, I told you to film a movie, but you made an art film. Eat 10 points
10,It's a movie that raised the awareness of prisoners
10,The only hope in Shawshank, where there was no hope at all, was Duprein...Hope never seems to betray. That's a life lesson.
10,It's like a movie to watch before you die
10,the best without words
1,Shawshank is a place where there's no spirit
10,내 변호사가 날 엿먹였어
10,No words needed
10,There's no need for words.The best...
10,Morgan Freeman
10,Do you need words?
10,If I were to express it in one word, it's a masterpiece that humans must see
10,If I die tomorrow, I will watch this movie with my loved ones today.
10,You'll know when you see it
10,It's a masterpiece to watch before you die!
10,I think I've seen it more than five times.
10,It's a real masterpiece.I suggest you take a look before you die.There has never been a masterpiece like this before... ...a true masterpiece of this time
10,a true masterpiece
10,Good
10,I think all 90's movies are fun and the story is the best.I am not bored but interesting. I can't believe I'm watching this movie now
1,You're not loyal...
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I don't need any explanation.
10,Good
10,A good movie that reminds me of Budweiser
10,Tim Robbins' understated emotional processing and facial expressions were so natural and admirable.a brilliant essay on hope
10,Even after a few years, it's a masterpiece! I get goose bumps every time I see the rain.
10,I don't need words. It's a ten-point movie even if you watch it again and again
10,Every time I see it, I get a new feeling
10,I can't get rid of the lingering feeling until now after the movie. It's a masterpiece. The best!
10,It's a masterpiece of masterpiece!
10,A movie that gives you true hope and happiness in everyday life
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The best masterpiece that you can't get enough of even after watching it dozens of times
10,As if I've seen it 10 times, how can I make it feel different every time I see it?
10,좋아요.
9,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
9,Morgan Freeman is a masterpiece
10,I think it's a movie that's worth watching at least once in your life
10,I watched it when I was a kid. I didn't have obsessive compulsive disorder at this time, but I had a lot of hope This movie is really a masterpiece I'm sure there's hope that I'll be able to overcome OCD and recover completely Like the main character, I hope that I will recover completely
10,I'm glad I saw you before you died.
10,need no explanation
10,Awesome! The best movie
10,Hope is a good thing
10,Hella funny 
10,Every line is a gem.
10,It's new every time I see it.
10,I think I've seen it about 10 times.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Ilbe OO...You want to come all the way here and do that? Pathetic things lol. Appreciate it after the pre-evaluation
10,Make sure to read Stephen King's Four Seasons (The Shawshank Escape, Standby Me).
10,I'm giving NAVER ratings for the first time. And once every three days ^^
10,Ilbe kids are a bit...
1,What a bummer. Lack of loyalty
10,My favorite movie in the world
10,I think it's a movie that made a true story about a clever escape
1,Did you see this opening trash movie!!! I'll give you a point because of you!
1,with a great deal
10,jackpot
10,I don't need an explanation
9,It's the best movie even now.
10,Ilbe came all the way here, so she's OO
10,OOs, this movie is a loyal movie. Don't say you're not loyal.
1,That's ridiculous
10,Why don't we escape from our own showshank in search of hope?
10,Top
10,I watch it on cable and DVD, but it's new every time I watch it
10,Nothing to download
1,have no loyalty
10,No action movie in Hollywood these days can get revenge this cheerfully
10,It's a perfect movie
6,Tim Robbins, what are you doing?
10,I want to see you again after a long time. Hah!
10,At my level, it's a great movie that I can't describe.
1,How dare you escape by yourself? have no loyalty to
10,Get out of here, Ilbe
10,the greatest movie of all time
1,the act of escaping by oneself
1,.I'm not loyal. For the first place
1,an absurdly ruined film
10,It feels new every time I see it.
10,Thank you for staying with us till the end.I'll give you 10 points
10,I really enjoy watching it
10,a loyal escape from prison
10,rating recovery
10,I got goose bumps from the last scene of the movie that really doesn't need words
1,an unfaithful film
9,The beer on the roof is still cool in my memory.
10,There's no need for words. Good, good
1,When a good movie fails due to miscasting. Bosung should have appeared. Shout out loyalty!!!!!!!!!
10,Good hot
1,a racist film
10,A masterpiece that makes you reflect on your life. There is no reason to write long.
1,a racist film
10,It's really the best...
1,in the first place
10,You can watch it again and again.
1,Running away alone is not a good thing to do
10,The best doesn't need a reason.
10,Good
10,Very good~~~~~~^^
9,Good
10,A masterpiece that will last forever...
10,Good
10,A movie that will be as good as a new movie in 2013!
1,I escaped by myself and I lied and got 1 point
10,It was a movie with great immersion and deep impression.After all, hope is a good thing.
10,I don't need to say anything else the best movie of my life
1,He escaped alone and scored 1 point
1,in the first place
10,This is also the best
10,Wow... I don't think such a masterpiece will come out again
10,베스트 오브 베스트
10,Speechless ㅠㅠ It's a masterpiece...ㅠㅠ I cried my eyes out It's a masterpiece that you can't compare with room no.7
10,You're ruining all your masterpieces. The GPA reconstruction campaign...
1,It's ridiculous because they're prisoners.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's a really nice movie. It was 2 hours and 22 minutes without regrets!
10,jackpot
10,Hope, freedom, and...
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it makes a new taste
10,10 points for escaping from prison and keeping the lead with HK
10,an interesting movie
1,Abandon the other prisoners and escape alone
1,Escape from nowhere
8,It was okay
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
10,Hoping for the freedom I've forgotten...
1,Don't say oyu, Ilbe OOOs
10,The composition is good. Good!
10,Hope cannot be given up at any moment. Like a human dream.
1,It's impossible
10,Don't poo on a masterpiece, you punks
1,I'm from the Women's GenerationGuys these days don't have loyalty like the main character?Phew... Pathetic
10,I'm going to give you 89 points, but Uiridipchi got 10 points because of the punks. Don't mess around with masterpieces, you punks who cosplay
10,Hope is a good thing
2,I'm so full because I escaped by myself
10,Good things don't go away.
10,Let's not fool around with masterpieces.
10,There are a lot of OOOs. They're from Oyu. It's a group of murderers
1,He's escaping alone
1,Escaping alone without telling your colleagues. Loyalty, but relaxation
1,an outrageous film
1,I'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh Uat five o'clock
1,I'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh UI'm from Oh Uat five o'clock
1,Not loyal
1,It's a waste of a movie without loyalty
1,It was fun, but you hit him in the back of the head, and you killed him. It's kind of like a black man who escaped on his own and let a black man live until he's old, so it's kind of bad to see him as the same black man
1,You're not loyal enough to escape
1,Oh, larvae
10,I miss you even if I see you ten times
1,You're running away to live alone -_- No way!Yes!
10,I don't know if there will be another perfect movie like this
1,a movie that cannot be found with loyalty
1,I'm from Oh U in a big way
8,No matter how much you hate your cell, you can't throw away your loyalty
1,He escaped without loyalty and got 1 point
1,Loyalty is an accessory
1,an unfaithful film
1,You're escaping by yourself without loyalty. Wow!
1,No way. It's a movie with social and emotional problems
1,Escape without loyalty
1,Don't you have any loyalty? I can't believe you're trying to watch a movie like this. ㅠㅠ We, Oyu people, refuse to watch a movie from a prison where we escape alone without any obligation. Out! Loyal! Oh, go go!
1,LOL Escape without loyalty. You've seen it three times
10,Phew... Loyalty? What? I can't believe I'm just joking around with this masterpiece
1,The warden ate it all by himself, so 1 point
1,Are you escaping alone? It's unimaginable. It's got a wide hole. If it were Bosung, I would have made holes in each room with loyalty. All that's left is betrayal, timing and jealousy.
1,Compared to the heroes Salamander and Clementine, this is not even a movie.
1,I'll give you 1 point for escaping alone. Aren't you loyal?
1,I'm from Oyu. I'll give you 1 point for a movie that's not loyal
1,You don't have loyalty.
9,Even if you're not good enough, you're good at drawing ㅠㅠ LOL
1,Escape by yourself
1,an all-you-can-eat restaurant
1,Escaping by himself
1,Loyalty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,Loyalty dies and lives in loyalty.
5,I'll watch over you.
7,I barely give 7 points because of my loyalty in the last scene.
1,He escaped without loyalty and got 1 point.
10,10 points for loyalty movies
10,dead reckoning, digital recording, dining room
10,The last scene has 10 points
1,A movie that escapes without loyalty
9,-1 point for the winning team
7,Compared to the hero's loyalty, it's an infinite failure, but it's not just a man's natural loyalty who has a hot heart
10,the best movie on earth
10,I saw it again today after a long time, but I couldn't help but cry after seeing the ending. I want to live my life without losing hope
10,If you don't give this movie 10 points, which movie will you give 10 points to? An eagerness for freedom!
10,Just 10 points. I don't think I need to say anything else.
10,It's a masterpiece that goes without saying.
10,It's always the best movie ever.
10,A movie that doesn't throw away all the directing, acting. The most watched movie in my life
10,The movie is a masterpiece with high perfection, actors' acting, and unforgettable lines.
10,The movie that I really enjoyed...
10,There's a reason for a masterpiece. There's no useless scene But I discovered it after I watched it all, but isn't the registered plot a spoiler?
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean will be full of greenery as in my dream.
10,It's so fun and touching even now.
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of. It lingers every time you watch it. +_+
10,In 1995, this masterpiece came out. Personally, it was a year full of unforgettable memories. ㅜㅜ
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,My whole body shivers.
10,Movies that you need to watch over and over again
10,It's the best...
10,I couldn't feel it when I was young. It's not just a prison break movie.
10,There is no need to add flamboyant rhetoric.I can feel the thrill in my body
10,I hope it's out of 20 I don't need words, I can't miss a second of the scene
10,This is what a movie is...If you look at other things, it's so insincere...That's why a movie exists.It's a movie that the audience naturally clapped their hands when it was screened in Korea.It's just a drama...It's so touching.
10,What do you mean this is real?
9,No matter how many times I see it, it's so touching
10,It's really touching in the last scene... The hardship... More than 20 years of hardship... And a reunion with a friend. And a silent hug with a friend. It's the best.
10,Oh, my God, there's a movie like this. Oh, my God. Am I the only one who trembles after watching? I'll show it to my kid later. What should I say? I had a lot of thoughts. Oh, awesome. Just awesome.
10,ㅠㅠ The best
10,Why did so many good movies come out in the 1990s? I really envy the person who went to the theater and watched this movie at this time.
10,That's awesome
10,Although I am young, it is a movie that makes me feel warm emotion and friendship with friends
10,I've seen more than 700 movies since I was born, but none of them surpassed this one. Now I use the expression "the best movie of my life."
9,Is there no escape movie like this again?
10,I'm so touched! I'm so happy to see this kind of movie
9,Different fun from novels!
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life
10,a wordless film
10,There's a reason why I'm the king of imdb
10,Isn't this the best?
10,(Sighs)
10,A movie where I feel a lot of things
10,moving
10,There was a movie that started while I was turning the TV channel, so I thought it was an escape action movie at first, but it wasn't, so I was disappointed. The more I watched it, the more fun it was. Dad smiles at the end. It was so much fun. I recommend it!L
10,네 친구 앤디 듀프레네
10,I want to give a rating now.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of. A movie that you have to keep if you don't need words
10,A movie that you can't get tired of even if you watch it more than five times
10,needless words
10,This is a must-see movie in my life. I don't understand people who give stars with mean comments. Honestly, I don't think there's anything more important than 'hope.
10,The more I watch the movie, the more interesting it is, the more interesting it is in the middle, the more lingering it will be. It is a masterpiece that will be left
10,A movie that moves me every time I see it
10,The best. This should be No.1
10,If you have depression and suicidal thoughts, you must watch the biggest movie in your life
9,exhilaration
10,the best movie of my life
10,This is from '94.This movie is still the best
10,A instructive film that makes you realize that if you don't give up and try to achieve it until the end, it will come true.
10,It's not a waste of time
10,think about what true freedom is
10,It's...
10,Wow...
10,Morgan Freeman's box
10,The best movie of my life, a must-see movie before I die.
10,It's between 9.5 and 10 points.^^ It seems like 3 days. It's a movie to watch before you die.^^ It's so touching. LOL!!!!For the beautiful world, Shawshank Escape Titanic
10,It lingers in my mind
10,Top
10,I can't forget the emotion that was overwhelming in the last scene.
10,It is a fresh shock to me that the most memorable movie I have ever seen in my life is a true story.
9,Considering the year of its release, it is as good as the movie that came out yesterday
10,This is a movie
10,A perfect movie.
3,I watched it twice because you said it was a masterpiece, but I said NO!I'm sleepy
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I saw it late, but it's the best
10,I couldn't help but get a rating of $.I hope someone will watch this movie.
10,+I can say it's the best.
10,Hope also requires effort
10,A movie to watch in your life
10,The more I see it, the more touching it is
10,It's just a movie that doesn't need words.  I think it's a must-see movie before I die.
7,It's miscellaneous news. Why don't we just go to jail for the bad guys?
10,Team Robbins is the best
10,I'm going to kill you. Just watch it no matter what
10,It's so much fun
10,It speaks to the importance of freedom and hope
10,It's so much fun to watch that I'm amazed.It's a masterpiece
10,I love this kind of style. I like movies that make me calm and think. I like it. I love it
10,the best movie of my life
10,I felt like my heart was being purified the whole time I watched it
10,Wow...
10,I want to escape from the showshank called my limit.
10,the best movie in the world
10,a film that leaves a deep impression
10,a lingering film
10,The society of dead poets in their teens, good will hunting in their twenties, the Shawshank Escape in their thirties, and the difference between the three main periods is not much different, but I think it's going to be much better around that generation
10,Every time I watch a movie in my 20s and 30s, I feel different movies
10,a masterpiece of freedom
9,It's a masterpiece that touches my heart no matter how many times I see it
8,I think it's the best movie about prison. A story that shows brilliant ideas and corruption of vested interests
10,It's like the best movie ever.
10,A movie with so many lessons. I remember so vividly what Morgan Freeman really said when he saw the parole interview at the end. It's a great movie.
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,Hope
10,Oh, I don't need a word. It's a masterpiece of the century. I think hope is a great thing.
10,There's a lot of stuff in there's a lot to it. This is a real movie
10,There's no needless words.
1,2 hours and 30 minutes to give a lesson hope?
10,It's a masterpiece
9,I know why it's a masterpiece
10,It's the only movie I've ever seen that has a good rating on
10,Is there no 100 points?
10,I think I've seen it 10 times, but I'm touched every time I see it. One of the best movies of my life
9,It's like a movie.
10,No comment
10,What more do you need, take it, the best score the best I can give you.
10,While watching the ranking, I think that this movie that I cherish and love is getting such good reviews from other people. The only movie I paid for in my house.In the same situation for everyone, Andy went for hope and gave hope to the people around him, not just by himself My life is just like Andy.
10,The best movie... needless to say
10,the best movie of my life
10,Freedom and hope are everywhere. Freedom to sharpen stones in prison... Who can stop my freedom?
10,A movie that doesn't need any more explanation.
10,moving ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's really the best.I keep admiring Andy Duprein
10,Good...
10,You're the best
10,The only movie that's fun to watch in a row
10,the best five
10,Best movie ever...
10,Even after a long time, masterpieces shine...
10,Escape prison with fancy action? There's nothing like that, but you have to watch this Look twice
10,A movie you should watch before you die
10,instructive
10,It's a great movie
10,The best movie of my life! I've seen it five times ㅜㅜ
10,I've never seen a movie like this in my life. "Hope is not a bad thing."
10,Right!
10,It's a movie that taught me hope and freedom when I was in hell every day. Thank you.
10,The most interesting movie in my life...
10,I don't know how to express it.  It's a great masterpiece
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now! It's a movie that's more than 2 hours long but it's not boring
10,the best movie
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I got goosebumps when I saw the last scene
10, 좋은
10,A movie that's just like a drug
10,Maybe we live in hope...
10,I'm a high school senior now, and it's a movie with a lot of lessons. Hope... the two sounds that I'm shouting in my heart are well expressed in this movie  It's the best movie in my life
9,It is a masterpiece in which man overcomes freedom and hope in institutional violence. Hope
10,Freedom...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It is a fun and warm movie
9,A movie to watch when life is more difficult and desperate. Don't lose hope.
10,Time went by without boredom.A movie that has a lot of meanings...It's the best.
10,Cool
10,I think I saw such a masterpiece too late... It's the best!!!!
10,At the end of the day, when Red was on the bus and looking out the window, he realized how precious freedom was.I'm just thankful to the Korean army who was born in the free Republic of Korea and participated in the Korean War
10,It's too good to give 10 points
10,A great movie that touches me every time I see it
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Ha. A masterpiece that doesn't need to be said for a masterpiece
10,I don't need a horse leaves. Make sure you watch it
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The best masterpiece of my life.
9,seem to have read a long novel to the end The joys and sorrows of covering the book come flooding in like the waves of the last scene. I haven't read the original novel, but it's a meticulous production and deep acting. a flexible adaptation Maybe it's the first movie that has made a novel into a movie that doesn't lag behind the novel.
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words.
10,What a masterpiece! I like this movie
7,Well, it's not a masterpiece.
10,In many ways, it is just the best movie...
10,It's so much fun.
10,It's going to come out once in a century... the best work, will it come out again in 2100 years...
10,I am astonished at the genius of DuPrain.
10,Is it possible to recreate a masterpiece like this?
10,Hope
10,Gyut. (Korean traditional music
9,A Man's Victory Drama to Find Freedom
10,This is what a movie is like!
10,I think I've seen this movie more than 10 times
10,좋아요.
10,I saw the score and it was fun. ^^
10,It's a good novel, but it's really good
10,I can't forget the feeling of peace and peace that Red forgot all about the world when he visited Andy at the end
10,The movie "Escape of the Long Tunnel" is a fun movie with touching, lesson, and lingering emotions
10,To the blue sea in search of freedom
10,It's a really famous painting. I've had this movie since I was bornYou
10,I watched Family Return 5 at the movie theater during the day. And when I came home, I happened to see the show shank escape on TV for the first time. And for the first time in my life, I realized the difference between 'movie' and 'famous painting'.
10,When I saw it in my teens, I liked it because it was fun, when I saw it again in my 20s, I was moved, and when I saw it again in my 30s, I liked it because it reminded me of the importance of time, time, and hope. Every time I see it, it makes me look back on my life with different preciousness.
10,It's a movie of January 1995.A movie that's been going on for 20 years...It is a masterpiece among masterpieces that are still touching even now, ignoring the characteristics of movies lightly.
10,It's great
10,I can't believe I'm seeing such a famous painting now.
10,funny, interesting, amusing, entertaining
10,That's too bad
10,A movie that's always good to watch... A really well-made movie... As expected, you're the best.
10,I can watch it dozens of times.
9,Maybe because I was young... I never lived without hope, so I didn't feel much. It's a movie that will feel very different if you watch it again in 10 or 20 years.
10,A must-see movie before you die
9,You can't greet tomorrow with a smile in a hopeless life.
10,Good! Make sure to watch it!
10,The title is Shawshank Escape. I was fooled. I thought I was just living without escaping I couldn't help but be fooled by the poster A masterpiece of admiration and emotion
10,Top
10,I can't believe I just saw a movie like this
10,Make sure to watch it. ^^
10,Make sure to watch this. Wow, it's a masterpiece ㅜㅜㅜ
10,I hope the last blue Pacific Ocean is the same as my hope.
10,It's a movie that always touches my heart even when I watch it on TV
10,I'm glad I watched this movie before I died Thank you, teacher!♥
10,I'm good job
10,Let's watch and die
10,"희망은 좋은 것이다. 그리고 어떤 좋은 것도 죽지 않는다."
10,I've already seen it before, but...Among the hundreds of movies I have seen, I give 10 points for the third time.
10,Ah... It's so nice
10,It was so sad to see the main characters getting old. Also, it breaks my heart to think about my ancestors who couldn't live like humans in the past. It is a movie that reminded me of preciousness.
10,There's really no need for words.I think it's a masterpiece.It's a masterpiece that leaves lingering feelings. I want to see you again. ㅠㅠ I just saw it, but my ad is under 15 years old, so I write it with this. Who is not a real masterpiece?It's a masterpiece. Dirty to see Shawshank escape -- masterpiece anyway lol
10,Such a masterpiece...
10,You're the best!
10,a lingering masterpiece
10,The word "best" is not a waste.
10,It's the best movie in the world
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I need to look at the shoes carefully
10,Why did I watch this movie now?That's amazing.
10,rather
10,There's nothing to be sad about
10,I didn't know life was so important. There's nothing to throw away.
10,This is the best in movies
10,It's a very moving movie. I feel dazed even after the movie. Why is there no escape movie in my country? Is the freedom of the material being suppressed?Andy was completely at a loss when he later hit the back of the small intestine. I applaud your meticulousness. Anyway, one of the movies I enjoyed watching.
6,If it wasn't good, I think Braveheart said more about freedom
10,I put it off and now I'm seeing it for the first time, but I can't get over it. It's the best movie ever. If you haven't seen it, I hope you can see it soon.
10,a film that brings the word hope to life
10,You must see it before you die. Corruption in the same space It's a movie that contains justice, dreams, friendship, romance, and life against it. I watched it more than seven times.Thrilling pleasure, touching, thrilled, challenging, it's a movie that lacks explanation with any modifier I personally want to give you 20th birthday wishes! I hope you watch it!
10,a film full of hope
10,A masterpiece is told by time. Shawshank Escape will be a movie for my son and daughter.
10,ㅠㅠ The best
10,My favorite one and only one letter. A dream
10,This is a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it
10,an undeniable film
10,the best movie
10,the best movie
10,It's totally the best
10,When can I feel the greatness of the story again?
10,There's a reason for every masterpiece.
10,Why did I watch this now? It's been 20 years, but it still makes me think a lot
10,I'm spacing out at home, but it's on OCN again...I can't help but watch it.
10,in a loud voice
10,Wow, I'm touched
10,not much more than
10,Legend
10,What a strange movie it is not boring.It is definitely a boring genre development.  But it's not boring  It contains everything.  About life...   There's only one masterpiece.
10,"Hope" is the most fun movie in my life. Read comments about people you don't seeLOL
10,I just watched the best movie of my life
10,I like this movie
9,I think it was a good movie to have hope. I didn't get thrilled or into it as much as other movies, but I like what it means and there is something calm. A movie that you won't get tired of watching again
10,There are many best movies, but the only best of the best is now and in the future, Shawshank Escape
10,I understand why people say it's a must-see movie before they die
10,There is no intensity in this movie.But as the movie ended, something calm and subtle was in my heart. I don't know the standard of a masterpiece, but if the standard causes a deep echo in the viewer's heart, Shawshank Escape is one of the masterpieces.The movie is really good!
10,Look at it more than three times. That's the courtesy of this movie
10,Good
10,The best ㅠㅠ The movie that lingers ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it crying
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's the best...
10,I can understand why it's the highest rating movie ever
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece over time. I think it is a movie that expresses the endless longing for freedom better than any other movies. You can feel the thrill of the ending scene in a different sense no matter how many times you look at it.
10,No way!
10,I can't get enough of it. It makes me memorize lines
10,Watch it three times. If you haven't watched it, don't evaluate the movie.
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I look at it.I'm still overwhelmed to understand the meaning of this movie through characters, lines, landscapes, music, and atmosphere.It's good to show a different meaning every time you see it!So I'm always moved to overflowing, staring blankly at the last scene and ending it
10,1st place in IMDB, the biggest online community in the movie. A masterpiece of a masterpiece of masterpiece... In 1995... Something new... The story of the prison~ Prison Break is so complete that you can refer to it after watching the Shawshank Redemption.
10,It's the best...
10,Legend. Even if I watch 10 times, it's always new and fun. The shock when I first saw it...
10,It's fun, touching, thrilling, and dizzying. It's just Gap of Gap. a legendary legend
10,Good
10,It's just a masterpiece
10,If you don't see it, spy! It's my first time seeing it at school, but if you didn't see it,
10,If you think it's a 7-8-point movie, you have to give it a 7-8 point. Some ignorant people give it a point to make it a 7-8 point
10,The Godfather, Titanic, Gone with the Wind is a masterpiece
10,It's perfect!
10,the best movie of my life
10,I recommend it if you haven't seen it yet.
10,A movie that lingers a lot. A really good movie
10,A masterpiece that I want to see again
10,I've become pathetic for not seeing such a masterpiece so far. It was the best movie I've ever seen with a hair loss. There is no comparison with anything.
9,I'm stupid, trying to see it as a time killer
10,The best movie of my life
10,The last 10 minutes is the highlight
9,I watch the last scene whenever the cable does it for me on the cable
10,a good movie
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Freedom
10,The preciousness of freedom... It's a masterpiece!
10,It is the best movie of my life. I watched it about 15 times, but I can't get enough of it. A movie that makes you feel good after watching it
10,- 저, 저는...
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,You're the best!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,The top 1 movie in my life is really great.
10,바라다, 희망하다
10,One of the best endings in history.
10,This is the best of the best
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Good
9,a well-made film
10,Does this movie need a rating? This is not something that can be evaluated. However, if you have to evaluate it, 10 points are not enough. Personally, the best movie with Forest Gump.
10,Immersive and masterpiece ㅠㅠㅠㅠcrying
8,a well-organized drama
10,It's the best
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠTㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,an insufferable film I recommend it
10,This is the best movie of my life. Best 5!
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Can't explain... It's the best!
10,It's just the best!
10,I think I know why they call it a masterpiece Really... I hope people who haven't seen the best movie will watch it.
10,Oh, well, all I can say is that it's amazing.The actors'... Ah... Anyway, the story is great and the best...
10,Such a movie is a masterpiece that is not a waste of 10 points. I usually don't give 10 points, but the reason why it's a masterpiece is this and tears of emotion that soar at the end while watching it.A movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings.
10,The rating out of 10 goes well with this kind of movie. If you're hesitating, just look.
10,the best movie
10,Honestly, until recently, I didn't understand the meaning of the scene where Andy played Mozart in prison, but after I realized the meaning of the scene by chance...I felt that this movie is really a masterpiece ㅠㅠ the best
9,Touching Movie = Shawshank Escape
10,I can't feel it when I have it, but I'll never forget the scene where I read Andy's letter and reunite with Red, which made me feel that the vacancy was big after I lost it.
10,It's a movie that's a waste to watch as a killing time
10,Nice Andy
10,A really touching movie
10,Make sure you watch it
10,It's so touching. I'm so touched that I started and saw the end of the fight against time that never ends.
10,When I feel like I want to kill myself or when I feel depressed, I watch this movie 10 years later, but it always gives me a reason to live, so I watch it. It's very good than boring movies these days. Fresh, organized, and not boring. 2 years of Renim Time immersion is great
10,The movie that touches me every time I watch it again and again. The movie that impresses the last scene
10,I'm sorry to all the people who died without watching this movie
10,reversal
10,I don't know why I watched this movie now.Every scene is precious
10,Bravo
10,Hope is a good thing
10,the best movie
10,The horrifying feeling will never be forgotten when Red is released from prison, reads the letter that DuPrain has hidden, and visits the coast of Mexico with excitement. Tears welled up when we were reunited on the last beach. I want to see it again. I envy those who have tasted true freedom.
10,Good
10,It's good...
10,the best movie
10,I think I know why it's a masterpiece.
10,It seems unfortunate that these movies are no longer in Hollywood. Hollywood, which pursues only money rather than film quality, seems to have fallen a lot. If a profound film can't come out of Hollywood, I hope it's made in Chungmuro.
10,Very good
10,Good
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I got goosebumps when I saw it. There will never be a movie like this again.
10,Top
10,a hunger for freedom the will to human life a masterpiece among masterpieces
10,It's not just important to get out of the fence, it's important to find a fence that suits you. That is hope.
10,What a fun and touching masterpiece!
10,It is a very touching drama. I cried a lot after watching this movie
10,This is the real movie
10,(Sound of laughter)
10,Look.
10,I've only just seen this legendary movie. It's not a waste to say that it's the best movie!
10,The movie that I really enjoyed ^^ I want to live a movie.ㅜ
10,On January 28th, 1995, an amazing piece will be born It's a movie that gives hope to everyone
9,I can't believe I'm watching this now. Sounds perfect.
10,The movie that allowed me to have hope
10,It's touching...
10,a film that offers enlightenment of the value of hope
10,A movie that doesn't need words
10,a must-see movie
10,I've played it on TV and watched it dozens of times... but before I get tired of it, I get hooked on it. A movie that showed me that as long as I don't die, I don't lose to despair
10,Top
10,That's really funny lol that's all I had to say lol
9,The movie that made me think a lot...You're the best!
10,speak of human freedom in the repressed space of prison  Red, who's already adjusted to reality for a long time, and on the contrary, Andy, who has hope there, what kind of life are we living?
10,It's nice
10,It's not a legend. It's a legend
9,A movie full of life's lingering feelings about the last promise...
10,the best movie
10,the best movie of one's life
10,Hardship is another name for hope.
10,Even if I look at it's 10 points!
10,I can't stop smiling when Red and Andy meet at the end
10,It's a movie that made me think a lot while it was really fun and touching.ㅜㅜ
10,This... Really... the best
10,10 points!
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,I think you delivered the message about hope well.By the way, digging into the wall to escape is what this movie is about
10,I don't need words. I'm sorry to grade you. It's the best.
10,Objectively and subjectively, 10 points
1,If the movie is going to end after an hour and a half, just release it as a two-part movie.
10,I don't have to tell you
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it. It's a movie that holds hope even in a place where there is no hope and makes that hope a reality
10,It's a must-see movie before you die, and it has so much good content that you have to watch it again after a few years.
10,The basic things that a person should have. Freedom... The protagonist who does not lose hope in the face of oppression of freedom... ...is deprived of the brilliance of his youth, locked in a cage, and tamed, but never loses hope. It's a great thing that can't be explained in words.
10,I love it!
10,The best movie I think.
10,This is... a legend
10,When I watched this movie in middle school, I knew how to get revenge lol
10,It was a movie I wanted to watch for a long time, but I watched it now. What a delightful revenge the last!!!And a movie with a strong friendship and a happy ending
10,Why is this 10th place? It's worth competing with 3 idiots
10,A movie to watch. Good
10,Please rerun this
10,one's favorite
10,one of the few movies that you watch over and repeatedly
10,It is a must-see movie before I really die.
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life.
10,I've never seen a movie this interesting
10,Good
10,It's a movie that I watched before, but it's really worth watching Recommendation
10,I've watched a movie that stops automatically while changing the TV channel a hundred times, but I watch it again
10,It's amazing
10,Top
10,The ending is so nice
10,Happy ending is good ㅠㅠ
10,Wow, great lines keep coming out. It's really eating. Good, good!
10,I've watched it so many times that I'm sick and tired of it.
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,The best movie of my life even though I watched it for the first time today.
10,a masterpiece
10,needless words
10,Top
10,It was fun
10,As expected, it's worth watching according to the ratings
10,It's been a long time since I saw you, so my heart felt even more full
10,It's beautiful. Escape from Shawshank
10,I heard it's such a masterpiece, so I watched it, and I can't believe it's all amazing. The movie that I didn't want to miss a minute and a second may seem a little boring, but that was the charm.
10,The best movie of my life
10,I saw it for the first time, but I would have been in trouble if I didn't
10,The best movie of my life no matter how many times I watch it
10,This kind of movie is a real movie...
10,I'm surprised it's not number one
10,I wasn't impressed when I saw it before, but when I saw it again...
10,I have nothing to say...All
9,I think it's a really good movie, it has a lot of famous lines, and it's a meaningful movie, but it's not a good movie.But his reputation is so high that he got 9 points
10,Best masterpiece ㅜㅜ I should have watched it earlier
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I replay it
10,10 points for this kind of movie
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,No way!
10,Hope...
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you do it on TV
9,How did you get 11 points? Anyway, the bottom threw 11 points, so offset by 9 points
10,A great masterpiece. Throwing 11 points
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's like a movie^
10,A real movie
10,The best. #1 on imdb
10,cool
10,How many movies make my soul cry every time I watch them?
10,Don't look up the movie
10,a memorable movie
10,I really enjoyed it. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's a masterpiece. Honestly, I'm glad I saw you now.
10,I am glad that I watched this movie now.
10,There's a reason for a masterpiece The best movie ever!
10,Why is this only 13th place in the overall movie ratings? I think 3rd place is also low...
10,I'm so into it
10,The movie that comes to mind sometimes... This is a real movie
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.^^
10,the best movie
10,a memorable movie
8,I saw it well done
10,I hope there will be more people who can feel something after watching this movie.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,Thank you very much. You really made a good movie ㅠㅠ.. It's touching
10,I was going to watch it for two days because it was long, but I watched it all there ㅠㅠ It's really touching and fun crying
10,If you say, "Die, you're not funny," you're a psycho
10,The perfect movie...I've seen it dozens of times, but I'm touched every time I see
1,If you watch "Alcatraz Escape" and "Shawnk Escape"...This movie is not well made.
10,It's the best movie of my life. I want to give this movie a perfect score out of 10... It's one of the best films of the 20th century that no one can deny
10,It's the best
10,Don't give me stars. There's no such masterpiece. I thought it would be boring because it's an old movie, but it's just amazing
10,The best movie of my life.
8,A good movie. I was a little tired because I watched it early in the morning, but I think it delivered the message very well.
10,I still remember how I felt when I first saw this movie. It's already been almost 20 years... Still my one of my favorite...
10,The last scene is really the best
10,I guess the people below didn't really look into the main character's situation and how he felt. What did you feel when you were free from 20 years of bondage and stretched out your arms to the sky? I can't feel the deeper lingering feelings and the happiness of freedom ^^
1,The person below is right. a gross bore LOL Why is it a masterpiece?
1,I'm sorry, but it's the worst prison movie.Is Daechae Mo a masterpiece? I was so bored and tired that I was going crazy watching it -_-..I'm an idiot with 9 points. 7 points is enough. Let's take it off
10,It's so pathetic that I've never seen such a masterpiece before
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece!1
10,No matter how good a movie is, it may seem boring after a long time, but it's a masterpiece no matter how many times you watch it!  You're the best!
10,What a masterpiece.
9,Even if the movie doesn't need action-stimulating material, it's a big hit movie that leaves a lot of lessons
10,A movie that overturned the prejudice that action movies are fun and life consideration is not fun
10,As expected, a masterpiece is a masterpiece.
10,Is there a surplus that I haven't seen? The content and lessons are full. A movie that must be watched before death, and what is more thankful is that it is often seen on the movie channel
10,The preciousness of unfamiliar freedom in a familiar unfortunate environment.
10,You only got 9.36 points for this renaming?
10,I don't need words from the first movie that I was touched by.
10,It's one of the best three movies.
10,It's a movie that has to be ranked in the top 5 of all time
10,a masterpiece
10,I don't need another word. It's the best.
10,Top
10,It expressed human beings well.
10,the best
10,a masterpiece that touched one's heart in high school
8,Am I weird? It's not that
10,I feel hope in this movie.
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,a masterpiece of Frank's unquestionable masterpieces
10,It's touching.
10,The best movie is one of the principal piece of work
9,Is there anyone who hasn't seen it yet?
10,Now I know why it's a masterpiece... I don't even have the right to evaluate it.It's just the best
10,The best movie of my life almost changed.
10,Is it a masterpiece?
10,Even if you watch it a hundred times, you can concentrate.
10,It's a real masterpiece.
10,두려움은 당신을 포로로 잡을 수 있다. 희망은 당신을 자유롭게 할 수 있다. 정말 명작.
10,This is it.
10,a collection film that is not boring to recommend to children
10,It's amazing... Even when I see it again, I get emotional every time I see it.
10,It's a stimulating material that's like a criminal mind!It's a movie that lacks everything from story, acting, and camera work!
10,Even if I see it sometimes, I always get immersed in the movie.
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,needless words
10,What a great movie!
10,A perfect movie, what do you need to say?
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,Why isn't this the first place?
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I'm going crazy... One of the few movies I'll ever see in my life.
10,It's just amazing. Now I know why Shawshank Escape is called a masterpiece.
10,It's so touching.
10,If I see it once, I just keep looking at it
10,Anyone can have it and have it, but I dare say that it is the best movie of my life to live forgetting it.
10,There is no need for words. Let's just take a look.
10,I saw it at dawn and it was so touching
9,a message of hope for freedom
10,Movies that I've watched 10 more times, but it's fun every time I watch it
10,I didn't see Shawshank Escape until I turned 20.
10,Frank Darabont, American football player
10,A masterpiece is definitely a masterpiece. Fun and thrilling twist. Good
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life
10,The thrill of DuPrain's escape, a movie that doesn't need words
10,jackpot
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's got a twist, it's crazy. It's really not enough with a 10 rating
10,One of the few movies that influenced my life is this movie whenever I have a hard time
10,The message of hope is perfect as well as the interesting story that seems to be boring.
10,I don't know why I just saw this now. It's amazing. It's amazing.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,If you watch it once, you can't stop watching it. It's a great movie
10,Oh, it's so touching.
9,While there's life, there's hope. A good movie to watch alone quietly.
8,It didn't meet expectations
10,A work that expresses the subject of good and evil to the fullest. The best movie of my life without hesitation.
10,I just saw it, and I couldn't take my eyes off the screen It's the best
10,The last scene was so reassuring
10,It is a movie that makes you hope for hope without giving in to the abyss of life.
10,ANDY
10,I can't express it in words. It's the best movie ever
10,Look at the year of release. What a great movie. A twist is okay, too
10,The distributor who translated the title as Escape is the problem
1,I'm a fool to look at the 40 reviews I've done before. Why did I give 10 points to this forced work?
10,After watching, I regained my hope of life.
10,I can't help but admire the scenario.
9,바라다
10,It is a movie of a different level. The twist is really ㅜㅜㅜ
10,This is... a masterpiece
10,I've seen it a hundred times, but I can't get enough of it ㅠㅠ
9,It gently knocks on the chest, so it's a more touching piece
10,What a great movie. I can't express it in wordsㅠㅠT
10,10 points
10,Top
10,I'surely
10,What do I need to say?
10,A film that gives lessons. A film that gives hope
10,Among the movies I have seen and know, it is one of the top 3 masterpieces
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,a heart-warming movie
10,a film of hope
10,Top
10,This is a masterpiece that you can't miss even a single scene.Wow, all I can say is admiration
10,It's a belated review, but it's the best movie ever^^
10,a ten-point movie
10,It's really the best. The lines are like jewels.The movie I really want to keep...
10,The scene of escape and getting rained on is the most memorable movie I have ever seen.
10,This kind of movie...
10,I think I've seen it 10 times, but it's always touching
10,It was a good movie
10,You're full of charms. The end is refreshing
10,Such a beautiful movie
10,needless words
10,Touching and lingering... I don't know what to say. A movie that you'll regret if you die without watching it
10,It's touching. It's a movie that makes me think a lot.
10,You're the best!It's so touching
10,I think I binge-watched it 10 times
10,The emotion that comes when you're done watching...I think this is the true movie
8,There wasn't a long aftertaste like everyone else, but... I could tell what a masterpiece was.
10,Every word of it is a famous saying movie. It reminds me of many lessons and the gratitude of life. It was a good movie
10,Ah.. I'm so touched...I can't believe it was in 1995.I regret seeing this now.Make sure to watch it.
10,There was no movie that touched my heart like this.;;
10,a movie that teaches many lessons
10,deserving what the name stands for
10,Best touching, best actor, best acting
4,I think it's a movie that helps you live. But I think the running time is too long.
10,We've always been competing and running forward. Sometimes, let's throw away our luggage and rest comfortably. Let's hope
10,Movies that are not everything you see, movies that make you look back on yourself, hope is good
10,Oh, it's the best movie ever.
10,the best movie of one's life
10,It's a masterpiece
8,Isn't that too much? A movie to watch before I die? I don't think it's that bad
10, be moved
10,I can't believe I just saw this famous painting.
10,I don't know how many times I watched it!
10,It's a really well-made work
10,I envy Alan Green.The best picture, the best moment,
10,94 after Leon
9,Refreshing!!! What do you mean for real?
10,Nothing in the world can suppress the craving for human freedom.  the best movie
10,That's so cool. I'm touched.
10,the best movie
10,좋아요.
9,It's very well made. Although it's less touching.
10,This movie seems to have touched me meaningfully This movie seems to change a lot for me.
10,Freedom I finally found after I left the sewer pipe of life.
10,There are many people who watch movies for fun, but I hope you know the meaning of this movie well
10,No, how... How the hell did you make this movie?And why did I finally see this...?
10,That's so cool.
10,I've never used it before. Andy, you're amazing!It's nice. It's the best!
10,as stormy as Stephen King's original
10,I just love it. ㅠㅠ is the best
10,Mm, you made it well
10,From 00:00 to 02:22:32, every scene is precious
9,It's touching, but maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it too much 너무
9,gut, exorcism
10,좋아요.
1,chjyj5477 if you can handle the aftertaste, you are not human
10,이다This is Tarantula. Strongly recommended
10,It's so nice. The happy ending...
10,No words needed Just the best ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,If you can handle the lingering effects of watching this movie, you are not human
10,It's the most memorable movie I've ever seen
10,Top
10,the first-come-first.
10,hope is a good thing. Hope, the power to make everyone exist. It's a masterpiece that went overboard!
10,The word "hope" in two letters. It's small but I feel that it's big inside
10,I saw it today...Thank you!
1,Don't make a fuss
10,Everyone who watched the movie stood up and applauded after the movie was released
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. It's realI didn't see this until now. Reflect on yourself
10,Wow, it was the best movie. It's a work of art.I get goose bumps.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,This is the movie
10,It's awesome
10,A masterpiece that doesn't get boring even if you watch it 10 times.
10,Without Forest Gump in the same year, of course, I would have won the Academy Award for Best Picture.
10,Most movies are good to watch and it's okay not to watch, but it's bad not to watch it.
10,Regretting something I've never seen before. It's a big one
8,Did he have high expectations? Obviously expressed hope and freedom well, but for the best movie...
10,The scene where you lock the door and play the opera is the most impressiveThe perfect combination of music and movies!
10,It's the most fun movie I've ever seen and it's the best because I can't get enough of it.
10,Whenever I see a famous painting, it's always a famous painting. It's Jing.
10,If you don't need words, it's a masterpiece
10,It's still the best movie
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words. My favorite movie ^-^
10,The best movie of my life. The movie that I can't get enough of whenever T-secretary comes out
10,You have to let this masterpiece slide.
10,Shawshank Escape, which was chosen as the best movie in the U.S., is a masterpiece
9,I don't really admit other masterpieces, but I do admit this movie.
10,It's a masterpiece. A movie with something to gain.
10,I watched the movie that I must watch before I die without getting bored. Strongly recommend
10,Let's take a look and...
10,A movie that enlightens the meaning of the word hope
10,The peace that can't be evaluated in words. It's the best masterpiece. Morgan Freeman's performance also stands out.
10,I'm going to lose 9 points. I'm going to fill 10 points because of the people who gave me 1 point for fun. *It's a masterpiece*
10,It's not a waste to get a perfect score
10,I'm lucky to be able to meet this movie in my life!
10,It's a masterpiece of the century. How should I explain it?
10,It's a masterpiece
9,That's why it's called a masterpiece.
10,One of the few movies that 9.35 is considered to have a low rating.
10,Now I understand why people call the best movie = Shawshank Escape
10,I don't know how many times I watched it
10,Did I watch it 10 times?
10,If you don't watch this movie, you'll regret it.You really have to watch it.
10,I can't believe I wasn't rating this masterpiece.
10,I'm just glad I've seen this movie now
10,The number one movie in my life!
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,A masterpiece. I don't need words. I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now.
10,Hope is a good thing. It's probably the most precious thing. It never disappears.
10,Even when I look at it again, it's touching... It is a movie that makes me think about life every time I watch it.^^
10,It's a masterpiece. A movie that will get at least 9.7 points
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,It was a little bit boring in the middle of the movie. I was mesmerized in the second half
10,It's the best
10,The movie where the three idiots go away...
10,It's the best
10,IMDB's No. 1 movie, Godfather, Schindler's List.Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, etc. have lower ratings than this movie.
10,A movie that's always touching to watch it again.
10,A movie that you'll see again someday in your life
10,I've seen this movie more than 20 times. be a masterpiece of the times
8,I've watched too many escape movies to feel touched
10,It's a movie that comes to mind right away when I say "good movie." This is the only real movie I've ever seen.
10,The most touching movie in my life. The movie that leaves a lot of thoughts and lingering feelings after watching this movie
7,It was fun, but I don't think it's a masterpiece.
10,It's not a waste of 10 points.^^
10,It was really fun!.
10,You can tell when you see it, right?
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like this Wow, I'm so excited
10,I've seen enough movies 30 times. It's really good.
10,If it weren't for Forest Gump, I'd win all the awards that year ㅠㅠ
10,Duprein's grueling story of freedom.
10,8.4 No Words Needed
9,The cinematic delight is one step ahead of contemporary Forrest Gump
10,It's definitely a must-see movie before you die
10,I really don't need to say anything.
10,the best movie
10,It was the most surprising movie I've ever seen It's amazing
10,I saw it exactly 7 times on my birthday. I thought it was the best masterpiece
10,It's one of the best movies
9,A film that gives you deep reflection on hope. Let's see each other once every five years.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The only movie you can say was
10,Red and Andy's reunion in Gihuataneo is always impressive.
10,I also give 10 points. A movie that's too good to give 9 points
10,You need to give me 10 points
10,A movie that I really praise... It's really great and touching.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,It was a good movie
9,I will definitely watch this movie again someday. I believe it will touch you even more than now.
10,needless to say Look at him
10,I have to love Korean movies because I am Korean, but I think I can't do anything about foreign movies.
10,It's nice.
10,This movie is a hope.
10,For freedom... it's the best
10,I am still 21 years old, but it makes me look back on life and think about the future.
10,Thank you for watching even now
10,Thank you for watching this movie
10,It's a masterpiece
10,A really great movie. A movie that makes me regret letting this movie pass by so far
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Good
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,It is a 20th century movie, but even in the 21st century, it does not look like a movie made in the 20th century.
10,The reason why a masterpiece is a masterpiece.
8,Hope
10,My favorite movie!
10,I can't get enough of it even though it's the 12th time.
10,Showshank, hope, hope, hope, hope that makes you want to see it seven times
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you realize how precious a free day is
10,As expected, even if you look at it for the fourth time,
10,A movie that is hard to find everything that's missing
10,It's the best movie...
10,It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece. It's such a good movie
10,It's really the best.
10,the best without words
10,A really good movie
10,It was a good movie...not boring at all.
10,It's very funny even for a woman ID Downstairs
10,I was really surprised by the twist. I never thought it would be a twist movie.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece.
8,I don't know if it's because I saw "Prison Break" but
10,The best movie of my life!!!!^^
10,The best...
10,It's the best movie. It's really the best!
9,Maybe a little boring for a woman? But it's a masterpiece
10, great, huge, immense, enormous, tremendous
10,Wow, I want to give you at least 100
10,a gentle impression
10,This is a real movie
10,I watched it 30 times. It's new every time I see it
9,It's a masterpiece
10,This is a movie that is really worth watching.If you haven't watched it, make sure to watch it.I think I saw you too late
10,Make sure you watch it twice
10,I want to read novels, too What a masterpiece!I recommend it!
9,A movie that taught me lessons and enlightenment in various aspects of my life
10,I wish I could have seen you sooner
10,Best, not boring for a minute, perfect
10,It's the greatest masterpiece of my life. I regret watching it so late.
10,As expected, the lingering effects of masterpieces...
10,I love the ending, and I don't feel much left in return for the perfect ending. ㅠㅠ Still the best
10,I think I should live my life to the fullest ^^
10,I can see why the movie has the highest rating in the world.
8,I want to give him 8.5 points Anyway, you made it's well-made
10,1010 points are not enough
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a great movie. I hope you watch it at least once
10,I don't need words. Five stars full
10,It'll be the best movie of my life forever
9,In one film, you see how great freedom is.
10,the best movie of my life
10,최고 Best Amazing ~ !!
10,Today, I suddenly remembered and watched a movie that I realized how precious freedom is
10,To express this movie briefly, it's good! Berry Good!
10,최상의, 제일 좋은
10,a great masterpiece
10,It's fun to watch a masterpiece again
10,I don't need anything. While watching a movie, I thought about what the word "freedom" is. I never thought I'd feel this badly
9,It's a movie that's interesting by combining materials that could be boring
10,There's a reason why a masterpiece is a masterpiece I was surprised that Andy was 196cm talllol
10,I watched the movie as a homework in middle school, but it is better when I became an adult after more than 10 years
10,I saw it now, and it's the best...
8,I remember the scene where the main character stretched out his arms and got rained on
10,It's the best.
10,A masterpiece that gives hope!
10,Do you need words?There's no reason, just watch it. It's a masterpiece that will go down in history.
10,There's a reason why I got a high GPA LOL
10,Standard of Message Delivery
10,That's cool.
10,It's good no matter how many times I see it!~
10,A masterpiece is not a waste at all.
10,Look once, look twice, look forever! A masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,It's a masterpiece that's touching and lingers in my mind
10,Good
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it
10,There's no need for words.I think I've seen it five times. It's the best movie of my life.
10,The work captures the anguish, despair, and desperate struggle of ordinary people
10,I thought the poster was lonely and dark, like hope and a bright future.
10,No words needed. You're the best
10,Good things never go away.
10,Famous paintings are famous paintings!
10,The touch of freedom is...
10,I think it's a movie in history that doesn't need words.
10,I can't help but say that it's the best
10,I've watched more than 50 movies so far, but I can't get enough of crazy movies.
10,Good!
10,Worst translation of the best movie foreign titles.
10,I lost track of time. A movie with hope...
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,The director is a genius. I'm speechlessPeople who just look will know how I feel.That's amazing
10,It's a shame that I can only give you 10 points. It shows everything in my life
10,You're making me write my GPA
10,a movie that will be remembered for a long time
10,a masterpiece without words
10,Wow, even 10 points are too salty. This is what movies are like. Make sure you watch it
10,I've been nominated for part seven, but I've been pushed to Forest Gump and haven't won an award. Damn it, Halton. It's a masterpiece!
10,A long time isn't boring at all
10,To everyone who watched this movie right nowHappiness as much as your GPA
10,All the spotlight is on human emotions. If there's a prison like this, I want to go
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
9,It's a great movie
8,It's definitely a masterpiece. But I couldn't feel the long aftertaste
10,The movie I watched the most...But every time I watch a thrilling movie...
10,I felt the excitement of every moment. It's more popular than Papillon
10,The best movie of my life. I think I've seen it 10 times
10,I was touched. I wondered why I watched this movie now.
6,An interesting film that is strangely valued more than it has.
5,Considering that it was 1995, 5 points.
9,We should have had enough of a framed prosecutor.
10,All I can say is that you're the best.
10,It's my first time writing a short 40-pyong. There is no need for words.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,It was so touching. I can't believe how cool each line is so cool.I strongly recommend it!
10,I watched a moving movie after a long time. If you haven't seen it, I recommend you to watch it.
10,I can't believe I'm seeing such a masterpiece now
10,It was the most interesting movie I've ever seen. Andy's escape scene. The vastness of the Pacific Ocean is still dazzling.
10,A movie that made me realize the importance of freedom
10,Awesome. I found a string of hope.
10,Hope... Hope... Hope...That's awesome.
9,Every line touches my heart
7,It was fun
10,a wordless film
10,The best scenes of this movie are all scenes, and the best lines are the entire script of this movie. A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it
10,This is a movie from 16 years ago?
10,As expected, it is a great movie. A movie that shows true life.
10,It doesn't matter if it's a box office hit. This movie is the end of the movie.
10,I don't have much to do, so I watch movies with high ratings. Good, good.
10,The best movie I've ever seen for over 10 years that gives me strength and warm heart
10,A film detailing how to escape...
10,This is the hope...
10,Luxury movies that are worth watching many times!
10,The best movie of my life
10,This is a famous painting
10,For the first time in my life, I realized that this is a movie
10,This is a masterpiece
9,It's not tacky at all. It's fun
10,It's a good movie.
10,It's a movie loved from the 1994s to now and it seems to me that it's exciting
10,The last one seems so pleasant. That's amazing.
6,A movie with great lines and good lessons. Am I stupid to not understand a masterpiece?
10,The best movie of my life! I don't need any more words...!!
10,If you do it on TV, it is fun to watch a movie several times.
10,I'm having a hard time these days.Every time I watch this movie, I gain strength.This is what a masterpiece is!
10,one of the few movies I've seen to the end
10,This is what a ten-point movie is all about. It's so touching
10,It's like I memorized the lines LOL I think I've seen it more than 30 times LOL
10,I'm not kidding. I watched it more than 20 times. Regardless of the fun, I think the completeness is high.Top
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,A masterpiece would be something like this.
10,What a great movie
1,I was told it was a masterpiece, so I watched it, and it was boring, but it was a fraud
10,맨 위
10,It was a long movie, but I really enjoyed it
10,그러길 바래요.
10,I didn't know it when I first saw it. I've seen it twice. b
10,I can't keep my mouth shut at night. Like the movie Cast Away.
10,It's only after you've seen it that you know what it's worth.It's a great movie
9,It is a movie that reminds us of patience and worldly wisdom to live our lives and has high educational value
10,It's so touching. It's so much fun. It's going to be the best movie of my life
10,Why do you have such a high rating at first? I saw it. I saw it. I know why it's high. As expected, you're the best
10,It's fun at first sight, and at second sight, Tim Robbins' performance as Andy is great.
10,A masterpiece of the century.It's a good movie to watch in 10 years later
10,That's cool ㅠㅠ
10,Good
10,The best. A good to watch again.
10,It was a movie that lingered a lot. It's not a waste of time.
10,It's not an easy escape. I enjoyed it!
10,The best movie that makes me so happy when I watch it
10,A movie that will be remembered even if mankind is destroyed.
10,They say they've seen it a lot. It's the best every time
10,The best! Why is this movie fun every time I watch it?
7,Did you not understand the masterpiece? It was fun, but there was no extreme emotion.
9,A well-painted film on Stephen King's great original.
10,I think it's a movie that doesn't need words
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it.
10,The message of hope was stronger than anything else
10,I'll give you the rating of three idiots
6,Freedom is precious. So I escaped from the prison where I was wrongly imprisoned.The subject that needs to be made into a movie?
10,You're the best
10,Wow...
10,Best movie I've ever seen after Gladiator
10,Oh, it's the best masterpiece.
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.
10,It's not a masterpiece for no reason
10,It's a masterpiece. It's complete
8,a human triumph over injustice
9,Of the movies I've seen, it'Really!!! It's one of the best movies!!! The best! Oh!
10,If you think it's not fun, I recommend you watch Annie
10,Remember, freedom is a good thing. This movie is the best.
10,One of the best movies of my life...
10,The movie that I watched the most, the movie that touches me every time I watch it
10,A masterpiece that perfectly hunts both rabbits for its entertainment and workmanship
10,The best movie of my life
1,Seriously, is this fun?;;;; I was so bored that I turned it off. I thought it wasn't my style
10,be handsome.k.a.a.a.a
10,After watching the movie Shawshank Escape, there is no interesting movie in my life.
10,It's a movie that fundamentally shows what freedom is like.
10,It's really fun...It's the best movie ever! I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's really fun.
10,I think it'll be fun and touching even if I watch it many times
10,I don't want to watch other movies more than twice, but if I do this on TV, I will definitely watch it.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.As expected, it's a masterpiece
10,It's so touching after it's over.이런 I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece
10,It's a movie that fits the word freedom very well
10,Did you see the movie or not?
10,I can't believe I just saw a movie like this!
10,A film that shows what the crazy presence of 90's movies is like
10,It's a masterpiece of Trundang. On the other hand, I think that I can succeed if my brain works well wherever I am
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,It's a movie that's worth 10 points. I can't get enough of it. It's a series of touching moments
10,Fun
10,It's an old movie, but it's really fun. It's so heart-warming. It didn't let us down
10,I don't get tired of watching this movie. It's so much fun10 points is not enough movie
10,the best movie that lingers in the heart of the movie
10,I wonder why I watched this movie now. Top
10,Best movie, 100 stars short
10,I know it's a steal story in prison, but the prison doesn't have freedom.
10,I'm touched
5,I don't know why it's called the best masterpiece.
9,The fun that keeps coming even if you know it
10,The Best and Respect, I can't express it in words
10,That's awesome
10,It's always fun to watch
10,A movie that's good to watch
10,A movie that can't wait to be pushed out of the top 10.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a great movie. I want to give more than 10 stars.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,Personally, I really enjoyed it
9,It makes me think seriously about the importance of freedom...
9,JAEHYUN is here
9,It's a movie that lingers in my mind even though it's boring. It's a masterpiece
10,Screenplay, acting, story message, everything is perfect
10,If this came out now, it'd be awesome
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's so dope.
10,This movie is not enough to be called a legend. Legendary level
10,When the ending comes out, it just lingers...
10,I avoided it because it was an old movie, but why didn't I watch it earlier? I was so happy while watching it
10,Totally... Touching. "The moment I finished watching the movie, I became the happiest in the world." I agree
10,Don't settle for your own life or set limits on your own
10,No matter how many movies I watch, it is so hard to find such a movie.
10,It's so much fun [Laughing
10,The movie that made me know and think about a lot of things
10,A real movie
10,The moment I finished watching the movie, I became the happiest in the world.
1,It's good to watch it again...
10,Hope is great! A movie that enlightens you! Thank you so much^^ Good~!
10,Hope
8,a ready-made article dealing with hope
1,No words needed.
9,learn more freedom than a traveler through an inmate
10,There's no need for words
10,Ah.. I was touched when I watched this movie.. I can't forget it. The best masterpiece!
10,I can't forget the way Tim Robbins looked when he talked about the island
10,The best ending...
9,Best movie ever based on Stephen King.
1,I think he copied the movie "Alcatraz Escape" a lot ^^;. It's so unrealistic.
9,The best movie...
10,Top
10,crack, smash, with a crack.
10,It's a movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it again
10,A moving movie with an unforgettable ending
8,It's interesting every time I see it, even though I already know the conclusion.
9,It's not easy to grab it, but once you start to see it, it's touching
10,I hope ^^
9,A movie with a long-lasting ending
10,It's a movie that stops the channel no matter what. Do you know Andy DuPrain?
10,Escape from Shawshank by Stephen King.  A masterpiece full of touching, thrilling, and suspense.
10,A long, self-immersed film. The perfect escape scenario, the refreshment...
9,Crawling through dirty sewers to find freedom... The vast sea is memorable.
9,Recommendation! A great movie. I still remember the last scene.
9,Best movie made by best actor and best director
8,The Most Complete of Stilberg's Humanistic Films
10,It's one of the movies that you have to watch in your life that no more praise is meaningful
10,The best movie, the best praise, is not enough. I regret watching the greatest movie 16 years later
10,be short of ten points I want to give more points.
10,Wouldn't it be a masterpiece that you can't get enough of?
10,I think it's the best. Make sure to watch it
10,Hope is a good thing
10,I think it's the best escape movie
10,Best movie of my life with Man On Fire
10,The best movie
10,I like this kind of happy ending story the best!
10,What the hell is a one-point--
10,This is what a masterpiece is
10,I look at it over and over again and over again...
9,No matter how much I look at it, what the movie suggests is that you just have to study hard
10,freedom, liberty
10,a movie that makes one look back on life
10,Freedom and hope!
10,Wow, that's no joke. I've only heard of it. It's a real movie
10,the best movie
10,My friend... my friend...
10,a film of one of the greatest masterpieces
10,a film that touches and leaves a lingering impression
10,It's been a long time, but the lingering feeling of this movie still lingers
10,Enduring patience, hope, and freedom at the end are by far the best. The ending is also the best.
10,moving
10,Top
10,The moment the movie ended, I got goosebumps.
10,The best...
10,It's amazing
10,나는 다시 희망한다
10,Top
10,It's so moving... lingering...moving
10,The jailbreak was the movie lol, but it was only duplex so it was the best move.
10,It was made in 1994, but it's still one of my favorite movies. "Everything Is Beautiful"
10,It's not just "The Escape Story" but it delivers a lot of messages, so it's a better movie
10,It is hard to see such a good movie these days...ㅠ.ㅠ
10,a wordless film
10,Do you need words?
10,I can feel deeply about humans, and I can see the world again Haha
10,A movie that's always fun to watch
10,두려움은 당신을 사로잡고, 희망은 당신을 자유롭게 할 수 있습니다 ㅠ_ㅠ
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,Speechless emotion
10,Now I know why it is the best movie.
10,It's a movie that you can always cherish.I'm touched by the scene where we meet at the end.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me speechless.
10,You're the best. Really
10,It's amazing that 140 minutes contains his long and long battle.
10,It's a movie to watch before you die
10,I really liked the last scene. It's the best movie ever!
10,A few years later, it is still a moving movie. It was one of the movies that I watched when I was a student
10,The best movie ever!
10,The neat story that you can't find these days, the proper twist, and the lingering impression are the best!
10,A meaningful film about life, friendship and love. Don't discuss life without watching Shawshank Escape.
10,the most touching moment
10,Sometimes movie that instills hope when it is hard and hard...
10,The best movie of my life.
10,I am more interested in Brooks' life than the main character... ㅜ
10,The movie about freedom and hope 10 times and 20 times, I feel touched even when I watch it again.
10,It's not a hard feeling, it's an unexpectedly delicate movie.A movie that fits the theme of power corruption rather than freedom
10,It's a movie that doesn't get less touching even if you watch it again and again and again
10,Towards your dream
10,Freedom and hope...
9,a hunger for freedom
10,I am grateful that there is a movie like this.
1,I don't know what's funny about this.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Even after watching it 8 times, the emotions and fun remain the same
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,A movie that makes you feel overwhelmed
10,My favorite movie.
10,I can't get enough of it
10,I recommend you watch it several times. Top
10,To finally see this masterpiece... There's no need for words. You're the best.
10,I can't believe I just saw this. If you haven't watched it yet, make sure to watch it No regrets.
10,10 is the best!
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. It's really the best!
10,I think I've seen it 10 times
10,Precious enlightenment! Hope is always a good thing. Let's not lose hope!
9,A production that captures both commercial and artistic quality. Shawshank may actually be our life
10,It is the best movie with both touching and teaching. It is not enough to write in 40 letters. I am really impressed
10,a never-boring movie from beginning to end
10,그러길 바랍니다.
10,a good movie
10,Even now, if it airs on OCN, I stop watching the channel. A longing for freedom! It's the best.
8,A representative example of a movie made 20 years ago that is better than a movie made today
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,Life is beautiful.Forestgump, etc. movie of the same level.
10,Cutie pie
10,the best five
10,Freedom... the deepest realization of the true meaning in a short period of time
10,Masterpieces are different. There's no need for words, so just look.
10,Wow!
10,It's really fun. If you don't watch this...
10,A movie that I want to watch 10 more times!
10,Will there be any more great movies? A miraculous movie that contains everything in life!
10,The Movie of the Movie
10,It's so much fun
10,Only people who don't understand the movie say it's boring -_- It's really fun
10,One of the top 10 movies that I'd like my kids to watch
10,Top
10,First place in IMDB. If this movie isn't interesting, then it's an astronaut
10,It's really the best.
1,This is a movie wrapped up by a bunch of pretentious people who think they're a movie experts
10,I watched it late, but I think it's the best movie If you haven't seen it, please watch it.
10,It's an amazing movie
10,a masterpiece without words
10,the acting ability of actors A solid story, a video that shows the director's intentions...
10,A really well-made movie
10,It's the best movie of my life. I think I've seen it ten times.
10,Hope is a good thing. Good things never go away.
10,Wow, that's awesome. It's the best movie
10,Why did I watch it now? I'm so touchedcrying
10,If you don't need words, it's awesome
10,I want to live this kind of life...It's really cool. It's the best movie
9,As soon as the movie ended, all I could think was that it was well-made
10,A masterpiece that loses hope wherever you are masterpieces
10,When I escaped Shawshank, I became free without realizing it.
1,The ratings were so high that it wasn't fun. The last one was good, vain, boring.
10,I didn't like movies that were made a long time ago, but it's just... There's no need for words
9,Oh... what a great movie lol
10,A movie that makes you grow up
9,Good
10,Red is so cool! The best movie of my life!
10,It became a ray of light for me who always complained about my work.
10,A masterpiece
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's a movie I watched a long time ago, but I still remember...
10,Among the movies I've seen, it's ranked
9,A really interesting movie.
10,the best movie
10,This is fun.
10,It's a great movie
10,I just got out of Shawshank.But now it's a new start in my life!
10,I couldn't take my eyes off the endings until they went up.The best movie...Why did I watch it now?
10,Why is this behind Gump?
10,I felt skeptical about the endings to end
9,an infinite appreciation for being able to
10,Fantastic force the morning after escape! It's not someone who's been in prison for 19 years!
10,One person who watched it about 10 times...It's really worth seeing as!
10,I'm ashamed that I've never seen such a famous painting before, and I haven't enjoyed it even with freedom.
10,Those who cannot adapt to reality, those who adapt to reality materially, those who adapt to reality with hope
9,I felt grateful to live as a human being.
10,It's a good movie, but there's no expression for it. The best escape movie ever!
10,Refreshing
10,It's a great movie, a movie that has a lot of fun no matter how many times you watch it's a masterpiece.
10,The best movie I've seen dozens of times, but every time I see it, it's another touching movie
10,You don't have to tell me what's good
10,Shawshank Escape, it's not a movie to ignore
10,You're always the best
10,I saw it at school... It was fun...Yes
10,I'm happy to see a masterpiece even though it's late
10,The movie that made me realize the value of money and freedom
10,"살기에 바빠라, 그렇지 않으면 죽기에 바빠라!" 라고 말씀하십니다.
10,You're the best
10,It's fun
10,One of the best masterpieces of my life
10,I thought it was a thriller, but...I got a greater sense of pleasure than that.
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
10,A movie that looks back on life...
1,I don't like it
10,A masterpiece!
10,대단해!
10,The second half of the story is exhilarating.
10,A movie that I want to watch again in a year.The movie that I have to watch again...
9,It's growing...
10,It's fun even if you watch it many times, but I don't think you've seen it from the LOL
10,The best movie of my life... He's quiet... Just look...
10,I think it's a great movie It's so touching...Morgan Freeman's acting is amazing
10,Still, I keep this movie, and if I watch it sometimes. No more words are needed.
8,It's fun to watch it many times. The last scene is touching
10,It's... it's... it's the best!
10,Really... I miss you every time I see you
10,It's a good movie where you can feel the emotions and fun
10,I want to say that you're the best.
10,The best movie
10,If it wasn't boring, I'd be satisfied with that. And the twist is the best
10,두려움은 당신을 사로잡을 수 있고, 희망은 당신을 자유롭게 할 수 있다.
10,The best... the best movie ever
10,Inseng learns the duty to live with the word hope
10,human persecution and abuse, deprivation and exertion of liberty
10,There are few movies that I gave out 10 points...
10,If you have any sensitivity, you must see it. If you score less than 8, you must be considered an elementary school student
10,I can't believe you buried me.
10,There's no time to be bored with masterpieces
6,Maybe it was because I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't good. .
10,It's an old movie, but if it's really fun, it's
10,It's just amazing. I mean it. You have to see it at least once in your life. A movie you'll regret if you don't watch it
10,It's kind of fun
10,What else do you need? I'm just sad that I can't choose more than 10 points.
10,Andy showed the light of the world where even a faint hope does not exist!
10,This is really a legend now...No further comment is needed. It's just a four-legged race
10,A movie that moves me every time I watch it
10,It's just... There's no need to say. I watch movies whenever I can
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,an impression beyond description
5,It wasn't as obvious as I expected
10,It's the best movie. I think 8 points is the most studied movieI really don't understand.You live for your own good.
10,For those who give less than 8 points to this movie, they write that they don't know how to watch the movie
10,Why have I seen such a masterpiece now?
10,Why did I watch it now? There's just a reason why it's called a masterpiece.
10,It's fun
10,Whenever I see it,
10,needless words
10,It's so much fun
10,A masterpiece... A new feeling even when I watch it again.
10,Good! Totally unexpected
10,One of the few movies that's fun to watch
10,You're the best. You just have to watch it
10,I don't usually watch a movie again when I've seen it once. If there is an exception, it is this work.
10,The best movie of my life with Titanic...
10,It's just the best
10,It was just the best movie production that stopped me from remembering.
10,It's a movie where you can feel the love you have with your friend beyond your loyalty. It's the best
10,Do you need any further explanation?It's the best!
10,The ending scene that I saw in the theater was the most touching scene that I can't forgetthe best movie ever
9,A masterpiece... a great movie
10,If you give me a rating of one, I'm not a human being. It's a masterpiece for no reason.
10,Top.
10,Hope and will for freedom, and escape. Two people in front of a new life.
10,For the first time, I'm going to leave a rating. This kind of movie... I can't believe this is real. It's the best.
10,Calmness, grandeur, and... greatness
10,Good
10,I don't need a hundred movies You just have to watch this. Even if you give me 100 million points, I'm not good at all
10,I want to compliment myself for watching this movie The best! The best! The best
10,I'm so touched
1,Tim Robbins' performance was so impressive. 3 The background music in the middle of the movie was so good. 3 The score was 1 point
10,No more words needed
10,A classic movie! It's so touching.
10,Good
10,The movie starts with Shawshank Escape and ends with Shawshank Escape.
10,I don't like to watch movies, so I always look for movies when I'm about to forget.^^
10,A movie that's always fun to watch. That's why it's a masterpiece.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,the best movie
10,It's always touching. I think I've seen it 15 times
10,Acting good, dialogue good, story good, good
10,I don't get tired of watching it many times and it's fun
10,I watched it when I was in 6th grade, and after watching this movie, I started to like the movie
10,The best movie ever!
10,Great
10,If only I hadn't met Forest Gump. an unfortunate masterpiece
10,It's one of the best movies in the five masterpieces! A conceptual film that shows how precious freedom is!
10,I want to participate in raising my GPA.Freedom is...
10,It's the best.
10,What more do you need to say? One of the greatest masterpieces...
7,There are many ways for people to be frustrated with no hope, but they don't dare to try, unrealistic
10,The best movie of my life... ...I don't think there's going to be a better movie.
10,The movie is based on a true story, but it doesn't make senseThose who didn't get a high score of 10... For freedom
10,There's no needless words!
10,It's one of the top 10 movies in my life
10,It's so touching
10,10 points for this or 10 points for what?
10,This has to be number one...
10,Top
10,A success story that is not tacky. It was a masterpiece for no reason
10,The touching part of the last scene is...It's the best...
10,It's a masterpiece for no reason...!
10,This is the real masterpiece!
10,He's so...
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,All I can say is that it was really fun Good
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's a masterpiece. It's the best.
10,It's a movie worth watching!
10,All I can say is that you're the best.
10,Two hours and 20 minutes is not boring at all and I like everything. This is really the best.
10,Good, good, good
10,Top
10,You're the best!
10,It's my first time seeing it. It's really the best!
10,I believe in being a friend like Andy, being Andy, and hope
10,It's like I found light in the dark. Hope and freedom. an instructive film
10,A movie that rethought about 'Freedom'
10,Thank you.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,You're the best!
10,It's a movie that shows that there's no total crime
10,It's worth keeping 1st place in IMDB
10,After seeing that the title "Escape" contains a desire for freedom, not just an escape
10,Amazing!!!! A movie that can only be 10 points
10,What else do I need to say? Just watch it
8,There's something that doesn't make sense. But a good movie...
9,A really great movie...There's a little contradiction, but...
10,The best movie to remember in my life...
8,It's worth seeing
10,It's fun without saying anything
10,One of the five self-rated 10/10 movies!
10,It's a movie that touches me no matter how many times I watch it. It's a masterpiece
10,It's my first time to review 40 letters after watching a movie.m. movie. It makes my heart warm
10,A movie that touches and interests you no matter how many times you watch it
10,It's a masterpiece.I can't believe I'm finally seeing this. It's touching at the end.
10,It's the best.
10,I've got hope.
10,It is a movie that I happened to watch, and it will be a movie that I will remember as a masterpiece
10,When I was young -- I watched it like this, but now I see it's a really good movie. Why didn't I know when I was young?
10,[Screaming]
10,I can't believe I just saw this
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,You're the best!
10,No need for words
10,razor
10,This movie is not enough to give 11 points...
10,It is a movie that lacks 10 points.
10,You should give me 10 points for a piece like this!
10,The best!
10,To be honest, I don't really like this famous national movie, but this is really 10 points.
10,I want to analyze the mental state of the kids who get 1 point.
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece for no reason.
10,I'm sad. I know the joy of life
10,an unquestionable masterpiece
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,standing ovation
10,I thought it would be fun
10,It's a movie that makes you get 10 points. I strongly recommend it
10,I watched it again recently and it's still fun.
10,The movie 16 years ago is an incredible masterpiece.10 stars is not a waste.
10,The best...
10,Touching.
10,The story that flows naturally like a stream and the emotions that hit my mind countless times
10,That's the best. There's a reason for this high score.
10,If you are smart, you can live anywhere
10,You need the ability to survive anywhere
10,People live on hope.
10,Hope is God's greatest gift to man
10,I watched the movie more than 5 times for the first time, but it is touching every time I watch it.
10,A shocking and impressive movie, a masterpiece
10,It's one of the best masterpieces.
10,The best movie of my life with three idiots. A movie that can give 200 points out of 100
10,The Godfather and Shawshank... Oh, two movies I'll never forget in my life.
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,Freedom and hope! The yearning for brilliance
10,The best...
6,A film wrapped up by a bunch of overrated film magazines who think they're film experts
9,I can't believe I've finally seen such a masterpiece!
10,This is really a masterpiece! It is a movie that I want to recommend to people.
10,gut, exorcism
10,a film lacking in any praise
10,It's really well madea solid movie
10,Top
10,It's the best.
10,I want to give 100 points
5,I guess it's not a good movie for me.
10,Eww
10,희망..!
10,It's hard to express. It's hard to express
10,Good!
10,After it's over, my brother and I... If it was like this, it would be fun.
10,It's better to see it in person than to express it. That sounds wonderful.
10,Log in for the first time and leave a rating.
10,정말 걸작
10,The last scene of the blue sea was really impressive. It's the best
10,cool
10,Among all the movies I've seen, there's no movie that's more impressive than this
10,To experience true freedom.
10,You're the best!
10,I felt that this was a movie...
10,This is the ↗ movie
10,This movie is really... I want to say it's a masterpiece
10,I was in despair because I didn't get accepted. I saw this today when it was confirmed that I would be on time.Timing good
9,miss a perfect score due to differences in circumstances
10,This is the best movie ever
10,This is the movie
10,I think this movie is very meaningful.  It is a very moving and hopeful movie.
10,If a movie like this is boring, I don't understand what's not boring to watch
10,It's not a movie, it's a 21st century digital scripture.
1,It's a bit
1,I slept while watching it. I'm bored
10,It was like a movie.
10,I see why it's a masterpiece.
10,I'surely
10,A movie that lost track of time.
10,Truth
10,I'm touched at the end
10,I can't forget the movie that I was able to experience a lot
10,If you like this movie, don't regret watching "The Bird Flying Over the Cuckoo's Nest"
10,Why did I finally see this movie?
9,This is what touching means.
10,It's the best! It's an obvious story, but it's a great movie with narration
10,The person who gives low ratings is the one who watched it recently. In the past, it was the best masterpiece
4,If I didn't expect too much, it would have been a masterpiece
10,Human emotions, their fierceness.
10,I can't get enough of it.
10,It's so much fun
10,Fierce, this word is memorable. A movie you must watch.
10,Just look
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
10,I hope there is hope for everything
10,No more words needed "great movie~~~~~~~~~"
10,the best movie
10,It's a hell of a lot of fun
10,A movie that deserves 5 stars
1,Not good
10,a wordless film Just look.
10,A movie with a long lingering effectively. It's a masterpiece.
10,It's a masterpiece that teaches us a wonderful lesson that hope is a good thing
10,I wonder why I watched it now. B.O.B ever
10,I can understand the thoughts of the people who tackle this movie -ㅅ-;;
10,It's good
10,I really enjoyed watching it. It's been a while since the movie came out, but it's a masterpiece
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It must be a masterpiece
7,I think this movie is overrated. Seven points are appropriate.
10,There is a reason why people call it a masterpiece.
10,snatched
10,Spring hope. Everything about hope.
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,It's a movie that makes you log in. It's awesome
10,A good movie remains a masterpiece over time... ...a bit old, but two masterpieces
10,Shut up and I strongly recommend it!
10, be moved
10,I thought it wouldn't be fun when I saw the title, but it's fun
10,I think Morgan Freeman's performance is great
10,Why haven't I seen a movie like this before? That's a great movie!
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
8,It's a good movie. Every line is really touching
8,Well, I guess the three friends who can't stop me are better
10,I couldn't take my eyes off the contents without any special CG
10,For the first time, I thought, "This is a movie..."
10,What more words are needed ㅠㅠ
10,Lastly, when Morgan Freeman was on parole...What I told the judges...I can't forget it
10,It was so touchingㅜㅜ The day of judgment will come
10,This is a masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,That's so cool.
10,Top
10,I'm sorry. I watched it more than 100 times. If it was a videotape, I wouldn't have seen it more because it was droopy, but I'm glad
9,It's fun and it feels like a good movie, but it's not to the point of going crazy.
10,It's like the last movie
10,It's so cool
10,Wow, I'm so thrilled
10,나는 희망과 희망과 희망
10,I can relate to the last line. It's my first time rating.
10,I didn't know there was a movie like this, just shy...
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece that makes me ashamed to watch this movie now
10,A movie that sheds tears at the end of the movie with unknown emotions and emotions...
10,It's really the best! I did something in the beginning, but I got interested right away! It's really fun ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that deserves a perfect score... No, a movie that deserves a perfect score
10,Who gave you 8 points? Why is the score 9.32... This must be 10 points!
10,There's no need for words. Just look
10,All I could say was that he was cool
10,There are exceptions to Hollywood movies. It's obvious, but it doesn't feel obvious.a wave of emotion
10,Those who give this to me under 10 points, those who can't watch movies...moving
10,The movie that matches the rating ㅜㅜ 감동 is so touching
10,I saw you again today.The more I see it, the better it gets
10,It's the best
10,This is a real masterpiece. I can't get enough of it even after watching it dozens of times.
10,It's a movie that makes life so valuable!
10,How many times have I seen you?
10,It's a great masterpiece. What kind of movie did the people who gave this low rating watch?
10,Wow... I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Wow...
10,It's a masterpiece that I can't get enough of.Really...
10,Even though I watched this movie after watching Prison Break, the joy is still vivid!
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,Totally... the best. I can see why the best people are making masterpieces
10,Anyone can tell it's a masterpiece...
10,Don't you just need no words for this?It's perfect
10,It's fun
10,It's nice... It's really nice
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch
10,Wow...
10,The movie that made Morgan Freeman know.
10,The best of my life...Freedom is so precious
10,If you live in a duplex, you will never fall behind.Freedom and self-wishing power are great!
10,What a wonderful movie... ...I like the composition of the monologue
10,I'm glad I saw you now.
10,It's really good
10,I thought you were going to report me if I said good
10,Good
10,This was fun, too. I watched it about three times
10,Duprein's life, like a giant wave, is still a masterpiece...
10,It's a masterpiece movie with every single scene and every single line
10,This movie will go down in history.
10,Do you need words?
10,It's okay
10,I didn't fall for NAVER's movie ratings!It's really fun
10,These days, this plain movie is the best.
10,It is really a good movie.It's good.
10,It's really fun. Andy, good
10,It's a little difficult, but it's a great movie
10,A movie that corrects people...
10,I regret watching this now. I should've seen it earlier.
10,It's a movie that I'll remember for the rest of my life
10,A movie that you can't get tired of watching five times
10,I can't believe I've finally seen such a great masterpiece.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It makes me want to have a warm talk with someone after watching it.
10,It's really the best
10,I wish I had friends like that I'm so happy to see it all
10,I'm a man, but I cried I cried not because I was sad but because I was happy
10,Brox, Tommy, I feel sorry for such nice people
10,Who on earth doesn't give a rating of 10 for a movie like this?
10,The most touching movie in my life will be the day of judgment soon
10,Sing Hope
10,It's the best even when I look at it again.
10,What words are needed? This movie is the first movie to remind me of the meaning of warden
10,This is the best...
10,This is... the best...Hah!
10,Truth
10,Escape from Shawshank
10,It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that I really love
10,for the first time in one's
10,I was out of my mind
10,The last scene on the beach is the best scene
10,Hope...
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,Masterpieces are different... A movie that made me think a lot
10,Hope... My heart is shaking
10,좋아요.
10,It's always the best... It's a movie that brings the emotions and fun to the climax
10,The movie I watch every time they do it for me on TV
10,I can't judge a movie like this with my own mouth.
10,It's a masterpiece that's fun and touching, but also gives you thoughts and lessons
10,Even in modern society, humanity and hope are alive and well. the best movie
10,The process is more fun than escape!
10,I watched the introduction of my friend. One of the most memorable movies.
10,The last scene is the scene I really wanted to see. Every word is a famous line.
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is blue in my dream, too
10,That's the best movie I've ever seen*^^*!! !
10,I'm either busy or...I'll die busily
10,Falsehood, despair, hope, and escape. Raising him from despair to hope. It's the will to live
10,the best movie of my life
10,It is a masterpiece that is interesting even if you watch it more than 10 times
10,Tim Robbins' performance and the scene of his last encounter with Morgan are never forgotten.
10,To clear oneself of an unjust charge and to freedom
10,It's just amazing ㅇㅅㅇ
10,I am grateful that such a film exists
10,This is a movie
10,It's a great movie, the best twist, one of the must-see movies!
10,The Pacific Ocean symbolizes the absence of troublesome humans.But in prison, you meet a friend who's not human
10,The Tree of Liberty feeds on the blood of dictators and patriots- Thomas Jefferson
10,a masterpiece that will go down in film history A reminder of what freedom is
10,It's a great movie.
10,Download http://filedaun.com/?link=k12aaa&gtran=12&keyword=Show Shank Escape
10,What do I need to say?
9,The thing that needs to be achieved at least at the cost of it!!!!  "Freedom"
9,a movie that you can't get tired of watching again
10,Specifications that you can open right now!
9,Rethinking freedom we take for granted in prison
10,As expected, masterpieces are the best if you save them. I'm glad I didn't look at it and saved it.
9,The Pacific was greener than Red's imagination.
10, 좋은
10,Hope, I recommend this movie!
8,It was impressive but disappointing compared to the score and expectations
10,I think I must watch this movie.
10,Top
10,I watched it belatedly and I think I know why IMDb chose this movie as the best.
10,a film that makes one feel hopefulness
10,I don't watch the same movie twice, but I keep wanting to watch it again
10,I don't need words. It's the best movie ever!
10,You must see it
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,You're the best
10,Movies that have nothing to give other than 10
10,I cried a lot. The best movie...ㅠ
10,As expected, people should watch movies like this in their lives...
10,"Hope"
9,The movie that I remember for a long time...
10,A movie that gives you a lot of thoughts and answers every time you watch it
10,It's the best masterpiece that makes you think a touching masterpiece!
9,The twist is pretty funny
10,It's a movie that really doesn't need words.Tell me the meaning of life again.
10,the best movie of one's life
10,Top
10, agreement,  agree
10,What do you need to say?
10,It's the best... There's no need to say...
10,I've seen it more than 7 times
10,It's a really funny movie. It's not funnyI don't know how to watch movies
10,Touching, fun, and artistry!
10,shudder , shiver, tremble
10,Good, firmly
10,Hope and touching, it's the best
10,It's my first time getting a rating. It's the best!
10,It's just the best.
10,jackpot
10,It's so touching.
10,A movie that I enjoyed watching
10,I can't stop being immersed
10,Of course, 10 points. No matter how many times I see it, it's 10 points
9,It's fun
10,ANDY DUE FRAIN
10,The professor of the second-class movie was also the best You're the best
10,Both touching and fun. The best movie of my life
10,I admired Duprein's brain.
10,a perfect movie
10,Good
10,I was impressed by Dufrein's appearance, who overcame all the conspiracy and eventually regained his dream.
10,It's such an amazing movie.It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I look at it.Really!!
10,It's the best.
10,It's fun even after 16 years
10,I was going to watch it for an hour at night, but I ended up watching it until the end
10,A movie that moves me every time I watch it!b
10,Top
10,Good
10,Perfection
10,The best masterpiece that you can't get enough of!
10,Even if it's a movie from 15 years ago, it's a truly moving drama masterpiece.
10,Which OO's are going to lower their GPA? This is the masterpiece that will remain in the century
10,Why did I see this now?
10,No words needed 2
10,There is no need for words.
10,I watched it about four times, and the more I watched it, the more amazing it was
10,It's a masterpiece. As expected
10,It's the best.
10,...............I like this kind of movie
10,I think this movie is number one, but I got behind by another movie and added 10 points ㅠ_ㅠ
10,The best movie I can't really say
10,How can a movie these days be worse than this one made in 1995...
10,I mean, this is a really good movie
10,The content is good. a movie worth watching
10,The best! Fun...Touching... Masterpiece!
10,Oh, my. A perfect movie
10,It's a human victory
10,Honestly, this is a masterpiece
10, 자유
10,Top.
9,Under no circumstances should the string of hope be released. There is hope outside the bars.
10,Don't you think it's a movie when you make this much?
10,A really good movie
9,A good story, a good movie.
10,It's an old movie, but it's good to watch now! The movie I watched more than 10 times!
10,There's no need for words.
10,Maybe because I watched Prison Break and this movie, it was less refreshing
10,I can't believe it.
10,The exhilaration of reaching freedom was indescribable to me.
8,It's a well-made work, but there are more masterpieces.
9,a masterpiece without words
10,It's just... a masterpiece!
10,희망... ^^
10,The best movie I've ever seen with Cinema Heaven
10,I saw it again when I got older, but I was more moved than before.
10,It's my first time writing a rating. You're making me log in. Wow, it's the best.
10,This is a masterpiece!
8,I just saw it now. Even though it's a long running time, you suck it all the way.
10,A movie that feels new even if you watch it more than twice
10,It's a real movie.
10,One of the most representative films in Hollywood history that has outpaced the original.
9,I saw this movie for the first time in 15 years. It's worth knowing why it's called a masterpiece, but it's the best
10,그러길 바랍니다.
10,Wow!
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece over time.
10,Morgan Freeman, Tim Robbins. It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,I saw you doing it on OCN today. Even if I watch it many times, it's the best!
10,This is a movie...
10,You're the best
9,It's been more than 10 years since it was made, but this movie is still fun.
10,All I can say is that it'sHah!
9,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,the best movie of my life
10,All configurations are perfect
10,The reason for those who gave low grades is because they're bored?
10,Top
10,Out of all the escape movies I watched, I enjoyed it the most. The ending is really good and it's the best. ^^
10,The film captures all the hardships and hopes of life.I want to live my life worthwhile
10,Good
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you wonder if there's a movie like this in the history of movies
10,What a masterpiece!
10,Is 5 stars the maximum? I want to give you about 50...It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece. No words needed.lol
10,It's so awesome
10,Two hours without boredom. An unexpected twist and heartburn after seeing it all.
10,Really, this is what a movie is like
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
10,It is fully understandable that IMDB is the No. 1 star rating. A good movie to watch many times.
2,so, that
10,You're a part-timer? I wonder if that's the right word
10,I'm so touched by Morgan Freeman!
10,Why did I watch it now? Ah...ㅜㅜ
10,That's the best
10,Oh... It's good, it's good
9,I feel overwhelmed just watching a movie ㅠ_ㅠ
10,This is amazing LOL
10,It's a good movie. It's a movie that makes you realize a lot of things
10,I was so touched
10,Don't look at number one and say it.The best movie that is fun no matter how many times I watch it!
10,I've seen you more than five times
10,a film that leaves a lingering impression of hope
10,If you think it's not fun, you don't understand the word "zero" in the movie
10,Last but not least, touching
10,This movie is the best Youngho. It was fun even when I watched it again
10,It's a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,More than the best...
10,The best movie in my life. Seriously
1,100 times disappointment
10,That's the best
10,It's the best...Andy and Red...Wow, and why does that old movie have a part-time job?ㅉㅉㅉ
9,It's kind of meaningful. It's a great movie.
1,Part-time jobs are in full swing.
10,I was impressed.
10,...........moving
10,The Best Escape Movie
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,jackpot
10,Movies are movies, but the lines are great.
10,This movie is a personal god. I can't believe this isn't number one yet
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,My heart is still pounding. A movie that anyone who likes movies must watch.
10,It's giving us good lessons and meaning I recommend it!
10,I don't usually rehash movies, but I watched this ten times more.Really!! You're the best!
10,Even if I watch it five times, it's good...
10,gut, exorcism
10,Don't you know I don't need words?
10,The best! The best!
10,Do you need words? It's the best
10,I really enjoyed it A really well-made movie!
10,There is no objection to a masterpiece.  I was very impressed
10,I saw it on TV. Yes.
10,It's the best. It's a movie that I fell in love with. It's a masterpiece for no reason
10,A movie that was warm and cold
1,I need to raise you upTooth
10,Downstairs, the Prison Break came out late
1,Prison Break Plagiarism Movie
10,If you don't give me 10 points, I'm not human. It's the best -_-
10,Honestly, it's the best movie I've ever seen
10,Great job. The casting was good and the story was new.  ^^↓ I saw the person down there today and he's the best
10,I just saw it.Really... The best...
10,Go to Chi! Go!
10,You're the best!
9,Whether you watch it before or these days or later, it'll always be the best drama
10,It's great. It's not about action, it's about touching.
10,You're the best!
10,The best movie of my life!Good!
10,I watched the movie about five times
9,- 저, 저는...
10,It was pretty fun. 9.31 is a bit off, but to get 100 points, go, go
10,There is no better movie than this
10,노튼, 당신이 옳았어요. 구원은 이 안에 있었어요.
10,My heart is asleep.
10,In short, it's a masterpiece
10,최고야
10,gut, exorcism
10,[Screaming]
10,There is no masterpiece like this
10,The movie made in 1995...A masterpiece that won't change in 2005 or 3005.
10,A scene that's left in your heart, not your head. It is a movie that will be remembered regardless of the times
9,The more restraints and time goes, the sweeter the hope... The freedom I finally found... Enjoy it!
10,What are the poor guys who scored 1 point?
10,Touching.
10,This is why you shouldn't pick up soap in prison.
10,When I come out on TV, I keep watching it without realizing it
10,No matter how many times I see it, it's a wave of emotion!
10,It's the best production with both box office and cinematography.
10,a heart-warming freedom
10,It's not the best, but it's a really good movie
10,The best movie of my life!
10,Good, good, good, good
10,No matter how many times I look at it...
10,What words are needed.
10,A big movie that doesn't require words.
10,a struggle for freedom How can such a movie come out?
8,Lesson, fun but not very interesting
10,I've seen it five times, but it's still the best...
10,Old man, part-timer
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Look at jojcal once, or you're a crazy guy
10,희망은 좋은 것이다. 가장 좋은 것일지도 모른다. 좋은 것은 결코 죽지 않는다.
10,The best of the best. It's so touching.
9,The ending is the best Haha
10,Just good
10,If you saw it yesterday, it's the best
10,This was the first movie I wanted to leave a star behind.
10,The best. Words are needed
10,A masterpiece. A masterpiece
10,It's the best movie. I can still feel that emotion even if I watch it many times
7,I'm a little disappointed because I had high expectations. I only remember Morgan Freeman's performance. (Sound of laughter)
10,It's an old movie, but it's a movie with a deep meaning and emotion. It's the best movie.
10,If you haven't, please watch it
10,I want to go to Jihuataneo. Not now, but Jihuataneo from that time.
10,A movie that I can't help but give 5 points
10,It's not a movie, but a masterpiece that taught you a lesson as if you were reading a book
10,Honestly, I didn't know at first, but this is a masterpiece
10,No matter how many times I see it - masterpiece
10,You're the best! I think I've seen it more than 100 times, but the emotion doesn't decrease at all
10,No matter how many times I watch it, I can't get rid of my emotions.I think I've seen it more than 10 times.I cry every time I see it
10,No matter how many times I watch it, I can't get rid of my emotions.I think I've seen it more than 10 times.I cry every time I see it.
10,I can't believe I've seen such a masterpiece now... it's really the best ㅠㅠ
10,Even if I watch it many times, every time I watch a new movie,
10,Honestly, I watched it 13 times.It's a masterpiece that you never get tired of.^^
10,This is what a movie is...
10,This is how movies should be made!
10,needless words
10,That's the best
10,It's a movie that shows what life really is
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this masterpiece. It's a masterpiece for no reason!
10,Don't try to log in
10,I really want to kill the surplus sherry down there. I can't believe you're trying to get down without looking at this masterpiece's rating
10,the best film
10,It's really a great movie
10,It's really fun ㅠㅠ I can't believe I'm watching it now. Maybe it's because I watched it early in the morning. I really enjoyed it ㅜㅜ
1,Shaw Saint-Evy
1,Never seen.
1,Leon needs to take back second place
10,Wow... It is the best movie of my life. I felt a lot of things
10,ㅠㅠ It's dope. Perfect movie
10,The best movie...
10,The best movie ever!
10,College students live to watch movies before school starts.
10,The best movie of my life...I can't stop crying.
10,This is the real movie.
10,Nagura, I'm not going to reveal it. I'm going to write a review
10,A series of touching moments!
10,Oh my god
10,I'm touched
10,It's a movie worth keeping
10,Top
4,Was I the only one who didn't have fun - overall I was so bored that I was dozing off;;
10,Good
10,This is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,Whenever I see him again, he's always touched.
10,It's been more than 10 years, and even if I look at it again, it I think this is the legend.
10,Next to my favorite Leon...
10,Duprein is so cool haha
10,The last scene was so touching ㅜㅜ LOL
10,The best masterpiece!
10,The best of the best
10,It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the best movie of my life.
10,after ten years;
10,The last beach
10,I cried watching it ㅜㅜ
10,It's the best
10,It'll take 800 years to break through the wall with that stone hammer. - Ray.   There is no need for words. Take a look
10,I still remember this movie when I was young, but it's still fun to watch again!
10,one of the life-long Blu-ray collections
9,a masterpiece that captures both fun and touching moments. It's really fun and touching
10,One of the few movies that I've watched more than five times and teach me a lesson every time I watch it.
10,A movie that I didn't watch because of the prejudice that I would have seen a long time ago.I saw hope. I love it
10,These days, I've been choosing masterpieces as a hobby, and I think I made a really good choice.
10,Among masterpieces, friends are so precious
10,희망은 좋은 것이다. 아마도 가장 큰 희망일 것이다. 그리고 좋은 것은 절대 죽지 않는다.
10,I don't need any more words. The best...
10,10 out of 10 points ㅜㅜ
10,It's out of 10
8,a good movie
10,The immersion level is the best...I think it's the best considering it's been 95 years.
10,It's fun. It's refreshing but after watching it
7,I didn't really enjoy it. It was just like that
10,This is a real masterpiece
10,Why did you tell me not to watch this kind of movie until now? It's kind of... It'
1,What's up with Johann?
10,It's the best!
10,I want to give the best movie of my life a perfect score
10,It's been a while since I saw you on TV, but you're the best.I need to get a Blu-ray for my collection.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I'll see you again and again and again and again
10,It is a movie that tells me what hope is. I am poor, but I am rich as hope
10,Watching this movie makes me want to live my life
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's the best... I really like the movie with a warm ending.
10,A really great movie
10,I love Shawshank Escape every time I see it. I guess this is a masterpiece.
10,It's nice to see you again and again. All right.
10,What's with the person who gave a rating of 1 below? People like that make life less expensive.
1,I'm going crazy. I can't take it anymore
9,I can't forget the scene of Mozart reverberating in prison
10,Every time I watch a new movie, I still feel good after watching it.
10,I didn't watch it because I didn't want to watch it since it was in 1994, but I watched it because I didn't have much to watch, but it's really amazing
10,a noble man
10,Whether you live a busy life or die a busy life, you can trust a hope. The discovery of unending hope and hope
10,It's a masterpiece
10,How is this 9.31? 10.0?
8,좋은
10,The movie I watched 10 times more watched
10,I'm going to watch it from the middle of the channel. I don't want to turn it off because of time. A couple of times.
10,a very tense film
10,370,000 dollars, another heartfelt hope falls asleep in this movie.
10,yes
10,jackpot
9,In particular, several famous lines remain in my heart. A movie that made me think about life again.
10,A movie that I recently watched again.Even though it's an old movie, it's the best...Masterpieces are not saved in time
10,The best!
10,I just saw everything. This movie is the best movie of my life.
10,It's a textbook for prison escape movies. The message of hope was also excellent.
9,You have to give it to me
10,I can't express this emotion in the language I know
10,A movie that won't be forgotten for a few days
9,A movie that you'll remember for a long time
10,I can't believe I haven't seen this yet. It's crazy.
10,a movie to watch before it's gone
10, masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, fine piece
10,He who does not give up will have another wonderful world.Great movie!
10,A movie that I watch over and over again. Every time I watch a new movie...
10,A movie you must watch before you die!
10,If I have to choose 10 movies that I must watch in my life, I'll tell you about Shawshank Escape
10,So far, the best movie of my life...I don't know if there will be a movie that will surpass this movie...
10,Movies are art, too.
10,There's no need for words.
10,I was born in 1995. But it was the best movie
10,BROOKS WAS HEAR! ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠT
10,That's awesome
10,I can assure you that it is the best movie.
10,Even if I look at it again, it's... There's no need for words!
10,That's nice
10,Honestly, it's the best
10,It's really "King of King". This is the movie
10,The movie that will be remembered in my life!
10,a deep performance from a famous actor
10,15 years ago, my girlfriend asked me to see her
10,the commonalities of masterpieces There's not a scene to throw away.Not boring development, touching, long lingering...
10,당신을 자유롭게 해 줄 수 있기를
10,Literally, good!
10,It's a movie where you watch and watch again and again and again and again and again and again
10,Shawshank is my life
10,a masterpiece without words
10,It's the best even when I look at it again
10,The best movie ever
10,It's the best I've ever seen. I want to see it again.
10,I think all the upcoming movies will look boring
9,It's a touching song with a calm atmosphere. I like the taste of actors acting.
10,Top.
1,Come down
10,It's an indispensable treasure for me.
10,Wow, that's really cool. That's cool.
10,The movie that I really enjoyed...
10,I like first-person observer movies with narration.
10,I regret seeing such a masterpiece now. It's the best
10,Make sure to watch the movie in the top 10 Naver ratings. You won't regret it. Why did I watch it now?
10,It's a weird movie that the rating isn't out of 10
10,the best movie of my life
10,Dreaming of freedom
10,It's a great movie
4,As expected, everyone has different tastes; what I was looking forward to was the source of trouble.
10,It's touching and lingering for a lot of time
10,A masterpiece that taught us what true hope and freedom are.
10,A true masterpiece with a message of hope for the future.It's a perfect score! Make sure to watch it!
10,I will not lose hope.
10,If you watch a movie in the future, won't your eyes be higher if you watch this movie?
10,It's weird that it's not a 10/10 rating
1,Isn't the rating too high? I don't think it was that good.
10,If you could create a small oasis hole in any situation of despair.
10,Why isn't it a perfect score? This movie is not boring even if you watch it 10 times
9,He's as famous as he is. It's a bit disappointing. L
10,Wow!
10,It's a movie that was 15 years ago... You made it well.
10,It's thrilling no matter how many times I see it
10,A masterpiece is different, but it's different.
10,The best masterpiece that deserves 100000000000 points
10,희망은 가장 좋은 것이고 가장 좋은 것은 결코 죽지 않는다.
10,Oh... It's different from Prison Break
10,I have nothing to say. Amazing
10,Why is it not a perfect score?
10,a film with at least nine points
10,This is a very interesting heroine even though I watched it many times. Best movie I've ever seen
10,Really... 10 stars...I think I need to give 1,000 of them. ㅠㅠ How can you make a movie like this?
10,Nothing to say. You're the best
10,It's already the fifth time I've seen you. More than when I was young, after I became an adult...  It's amazing
10,ᄍIt's so short
10,I searched for the best movie because I suddenly remembered it today.
10,One must learn. You have to be smart. Hope is there, too.
10,a movie that I happened to see and fell in love with
10,좋아요.
10,It's so touching.
10,It's fun
10,Just looking at the poster makes me cry
10,This is
10,If there's anyone who hasn't seen it yet, make sure to--
10,If there is anyone who hasn't seen it or hasn't seen it yet, I think it's a must-see movie.
10,It informed the existence of hope hidden in despair. It's a true masterpiece of the age.
10,Isn't it funny to give a score...All I can think of is a great movie.
10,The best movie that touches my heart. The best thing that ever made me smile.
10,It's no joke. You have to watch it.
10,The movie I watched about 9 times... If you do it on the cable, you'll see it again. ^^
1,It wasn't the best
10,Top
10,It's the best masterpiece
10,This is called a masterpiece!
10,I was really touched and the number of participants was 11,000 even though it was not re-released
10,It's a touching story with new life hope
10,Why did I watch this now? It's the best
10,The best movie
10,I've been watching this.
10,Now... I think I've seen it about 30 times... it's the best...
10,This movie is 10 times and 20 times, and the more I watch it, the more I get into it.
10,Good
10,Needless to say, the best movie!
10,레드, 희망은 좋은 거야 어쩌면 가장 좋은 걸지도 몰라
10,Red, 희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,희망은 좋은 것이고, 어쩌면 가장 좋은 것일지도 모른다. 그리고 좋은 것은 절대 죽지 않는다.
10,a deep impression beyond words
10,A ridiculously beautiful movie that burns everything inside me without laughter, tears, or frowns
10,snatched
10,It's a movie that damages the freedom expressed as soon as you evaluate it with words
10,That's awesome
10,I've seen it more than 10 times, but I'm still touched
10,It's touching. It's a masterpiece.It's the best... I sat for a long time after the movie.That's cool...
10,The best movie ever! Why did I watch it now?^^
10,the best movie
9,a hopeful movie
10,I watched it, but I'm watching it again
10,Good, good, good
10,It's the perfect ending I want.
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's a movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,A good movie that gives meaning to life
10,I can't believe I've seen such a masterpiece now
10,Bob Hope 호프.
10,I always watch the best movie on TV
10,Wow!
10,I've seen it on OCN a few times and every time I see it ㅜㅜ!! I have to watch a movie like this at the theater
10,I also watched it as a recommendation. It's a masterpiece!
10,I got to see it as a recommendation. As expected, it's a masterpiece!
10,It was fun even though I knew the ending. How fun would it have been if I didn't know?
10,When I watched the old movie, the scene where Tim Robbins escaped felt just cool
10,It was so much fun and especially the song was touching
9,a movie worth watching
10,It's the best LOL
10,It's fun
10,You can't give up your life
10,It's no joke...;; L
10,It is the best. I like this kind of movie. I could feel about life
9,There was a bit of boredom, but he expressed a cold prison so well. It was exhilarating at the end
10,Just freedom
10,Touching and witty, perfect movie.
10,There's always hopeWow, I was really touched
10,Impression of freedom...
10,I've seen this before. I came here to recommend ^^ the main character and his grandfatherIt was touching
10,the importance of freedom
10,Good
10,The movie that lingered for a long time was touching.
10,A famous movie that I always remember... A movie that I must watch
10,What a moving movie!
10,A movie that makes me get goosebumps just thinking about it.
10,It's not a movie that can be evaluated in 40 letters. It's art itself
10,I want to give him 20 points. This is what a true masterpiece is.
10,The best masterpiece!
10,The movie "Naver" and "Next" all got first place! That's how much I strongly recommend it!ㅠㅠ!
10,What I gained after watching this movie is 'Hope'. Thank you.
10,Good
10,The movie that I liked more because it was a happy ending! It's so much fun. I think it's a must-see movie
10,It was a great movie... Morgan Freeman's acting is... Wow
10,It's totally fun! The best movie
10,The best movie of my life so far...
10,A movie that was close to perfection with The Godfather, The Dark Knight for me
5,Contrary to what I thought, it's a calm fun... I'm disappointed when I look forward to a strong escape movie.
10,It's the best.
1,Fun
10,You're the best
1,One person who hasn't seen a prison movie since Papillon
1,Just.
10,a film of hope
10,It's good even if you look at it again
10,I don't like it
10,Is it a movie or... I saw it twice, but I want to see it again. Every time I see it, I feel another lesson.
10,Ah, the movie that keeps coming to mind
10,That's awesome.
10,It's a movie that I fall in love with every time I watch it. It's the best.
10,the best movie
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,a legendary film that needs no need for words
10,needless words
10,What should I say? This movie? lol
10,I watched it 10 times
10,It's just the best
10,I'm really touched...
10,내 이름은 빨간색이야
10,Cheo-Go is the best. The best
10,Mysterious tranquility... I feel it every time I see it.
10,Oh, I don't need to say.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,Legend
10,The best feeling I can never feel again!
10,Even if you watch the best movie several times, it's touching.
10,The poster reminds me of that moment
10,the best movie without words
10,It's the number one movie in my heart.
10,the best movie
10,Just everything is a perfect movie. a movie that is always talked about
10,A movie that doesn't need words, simple prison life, not escape, but sublimation of the soul
10,The last twist is the best!
10,The best in the movie world
10,Five stars is not enough...
10,The more I see it, the more fun it gets ㅠㅠ
10,The satisfied expression of the main character drinking beer on a hot summer day...
10,No words needed, the last scene of the lunch box under the tree. Wow
10,I don't get tired of it no matter how many times I look at it. Shawshank is awesome!
10,I don't know how many times I've seen this
10,The best movie that empowers my life whenever I'm tired
10,A movie that's fun no matter what's fun to watch!
10,Focus every time. I bought the original novel, too original novel. But I like movies better.
10,I've watched this movie about 15 times, and every time I watch it, I get a transverse vibration in my chest.
10,I've seen it again and again, but I'm touched every time I see it!
10,Take a look at it'Don't listen to me
10,No matter what anyone says... The best movie...
10,The movie I've seen the most in my life. I can't help but watch it again
10,Top
10,It's really the best movie ever! I don't know if I can see this kind of movie again
10,You're the best!
10,There's no need for words.
10,I think it's the best movie ever.The work of geniuses!
10,I think I watched it about 20 times, but it's a movie that makes me feel fun and moved every time I watch it
10,It was fun even though I watched it several times. You're the best!
9,Mr. Gibbon, former president of the Shawshank Escape Bank, is a member of the Board of Audit and Inspection.commitment
10,the best movie
10,You won't be able to feel this deep emotion any more.
10,Even though I did it 10 times more, I get touched every time I see it
10,1 person who watched it more than 10 times but still doesn't realize the meaning of some lines so I keep watching..L
10,Only the person who saw it can know. I saw it five times right now and it's continuously touching
10,10 out of 10 carrots. If you didn't watch it, you'll regret it forever.
10,I dare say it's the best movie.
10,I've watched it 10 times more on DVD, and I'm going to watch 20-30 times more in the future.
10,I've seen it three times, and that emotion comes back to life every time I see it
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,I like it's good
10,It's really the best
10,It's a fun movie even if you watch it again
10,I watch it again and again
10,It's a movie that makes you think about life again seriously. I think it's the best marquis ever!
9,I watched it, but if you do it again on TV, I know the end of the movie, but it is fun
10,Good
10,He gave me a new perspective on prison
10,Recommended as a movie of my life
10,As expected, Shawshank
10,It was so much fun that I didn't know how many times I watched it.
10,It's a movie that you can't let go of your nervousness
10,It's the best.
10,Wow ♡
10,a jam-packed movie
10,I've watched it 30 times more. It's the best...
10,I got goosebumps. It's the best
10,I got goosebumps. To the point where I regret seeing it today.
10,It's the best...
10,A movie that came in when I was young. I regret watching it now
10,A masterpiece is the only explanation
10,the greatest work of my lifeA movie that touches my heart dozens of times.
10,It's nice
10,It's really fun. Don't talk about it unless you see it
10,It's really the best movie
10,There's no need for words. I watched it again recently, but it's a masterpiece.
10,Isn't it a masterpiece?
10,It's a masterpiece. It's the best.
10,You're the best!
10,I enjoyed watching it I think it's touching and expressed well
10,the best movie of all time
10,May 5th, the surplus will raise the rating for masterpieces
10,It's so much fun
10,The best movie of my life!
1,Look at the multicellular girl
10,There is a sense of boredom, but I think the movie has a lot of meaning
10,Marvelous.
10,People who have suicidal thoughts should watch this movie
10,The best movie ever
10,The best movie ever.
10,It's the best
10,Best movie ever...A movie that renews the value of life every time I watch it
10,Perfect.
10,I want to brag about this movie
10,I feel sorry for the people who haven't seen this movie yet
10, masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, fine piece
10,It's a masterpiece...
10,In a famous movie...I feel bad because OOO1 left a bad comment
10,There's no room to lose points
10,A moving movie that conveys a message of hope~ euesless say. Just watch it.
9,It's fun and touching, but it's too long
10,a masterpiece film
10,Shawshank... There is no movie after that.
10,It's the best movie that's not worth talking about anymore.
10,Top
10,All thinking creatures feed on hope!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
9,Scenario, acting, directing, production, entertainment, all great movies!
10,It's a solid composition and...Story!!! A movie that will learn a lesson!!
10,Fun, something heart-warming
10,The movie is touching even though I knew the plot in advance.희망Hope ♥
10,The amazing thing is that the page in the Bible with the rock hammer is EXODUS
10,I saw a movie on TV for the first time. After that, I watched it again and again, but I fell in love with it every time.
9,It was the best movie that made me think about real human life.
10,There's no need for words
10,I still remember...
10,Okay.
10,It's a great movie
8,a sound of g and g
10,It's really the best. Pick your favorite movie anywhere.
10,I think you've seen it three or four times. I read the original novel several times.
10,The best movie...
10,Top
10,Why did I watch it late?
10,Why did I watch it now?
10,Beautiful movie!
10,It's amazing
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,Leave a lingering impression and give a gentle impression
10,The best movie ever!
4,Honestly, is it fun? I don't like it. I think it's too high-rated
10,I want to curse 5 points, but 1 point is really... Kim Gil Tae on the internet. Is it fun?
10,It's the best! The last one is Jinja. So touching
10,You're the best!
10,Best movie ever, needless to say
10,Oh, my. Why did you watch this movie so late?
10,My favorite movie
10,좋아.
10,After watching this movie, when it rains, I want to open my hands to the sky and shout "Freedom!"
10,Tim Robbins finally escaped and howled in the rain will never be forgotten.
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's the best masterpiece! A must-see movie before you die
10,I think I watched it 10 times more
10,To be honest, I'm touched
10,It allowed me to change my mind about life
10,I don't remember how many times I watched it
10, complete, full, perfect
10,It's the best
10,I watched a movie on Sunday, April 18, 2010
10,좋아요.
10,Movie that I want to watch again and again
10,You're really incredible.10 points is not enough...I want to give this movie a double score of 20 points.
10,Wow!
10,It's the best movie you can't keep up with
8,a good movie
10,jackpot
10,You're the best!
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,Makes me feel the importance of freedom
10,This is a movie that you should watch after your GPA. Not a movie that you should watch
10,a delightful and moving film
10,I joined the membership to give a rating. Really... I think it will be the best movie in my life.
10,I look at it again and again
10,Freedom
10,The best. Freedom and hope...It's in my heart. And making it happen.
10,It's a real masterpiece.It's the best movie with twists and impressions ^^
10,It really stands out
10,Hope
10,Wrapped in calm tension, sometimes a sigh of relief, sometimes swallowing a dry throat in an urgent development
10,This is the real movie
10,It's a masterpiece.
8,I liked it
8,It gives us a brilliant outlook on life and hope.
10,No words needed
10,A masterpiece
10,Masterpieces of masterpieces ㅜㅜ
10,There was a poster for this movie, but I forgot.crying
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 100 times or 1000 times! It's the best!
10,It's the best! crying
10,Tim Robbins, a movie that I watched without missing a single scene, is really cool
10,If it's not fun, I'll call the police
10,It's not easy to make a movie like this that makes my heart flutter even when I look at the words on the poster storage.
10,The best masterpiece of all masterpieces...! A movie that I always fall in love with.
10,a renaming work
10,Thank you
10,The best movie of my life
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,If I had only one movie in the world, I would choose this movie. -Soljenny Chin Parody -
10,If I had only one movie in the world, I would choose this movie. -Soljenny Chin Parody -
10,I don't like the shoes next to me
10,the most touching movie
10,The best escape movie of my life!
10,You're the best!
10,The best movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,What more words are needed?
10,It's so touching.
10,I watched it again when I was young, and I think it's a masterpiece
10,I've seen this so many times, and it's still funHaha
10,I watched it with my boyfriend and thought, "I know why it's a masterpiece." The movie I really want to recommend
10,Writer genius!
10,There's no needless words!
10,I got goosebumps.  I'm going to take it out and play it together.
10,I've watched it more than 20 times. It's a movie that touches my heart every time
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,It will be hard to meet a movie that touches me like this again
10,It's a touching movie
10,An Immortal Masterpiece!
9,A movie that I still remember vividly
10,Jeil1392 // Guess he's the one who's gasping for gold.
1,It's a very backward movie
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,The scene of the spoon digging and poster is a masterpiece that the media copied
10,You're the best!
9,Famous movies have a reason.
10,A true masterpiece is an interesting movie even if you watch it 10 years later. Shawshank Escape is a masterpiece
10,The joy of those who watch till the end...Wow...lol
10, masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, fine piece
10,the best movie in the world
10,This is the best movie of my life. The worst movie is Clementine
10,I'm still touched
10,Oh, it's a great movie.Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap
10,The preciousness of freedom.The fear of being tamed.
10,That's heartwarming
10,Why does it make no sense that this movie is over 9?
10,I missed the academy because of Forest, but it's a masterpiece that's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,That's why I'm interested in Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman
10,I'll give you 10 points for some crazy OOHI
1,There's something left
10,It's fun.
10,The best movie of my life, yes hope is beautiful!!
1,It doesn't make sense to have a rating above nine
10,No words needed
10,It's a moving movie no matter how many times I watch it
10,Good,
1,The rating is too high...
10,The most touching movie that you can't get enough of
10,I'm so moved that I'm crying.ㅜ
10,BEST OF BEST
10,The greatest movie of my life. I will never forget the hope and freedom Andy presents.
10,Every time OCN does it, I see it.
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,There is absolutely no argument.
10,I've seen it dozens of times, but I see it again Isn't this what a true masterpiece is?
9,That's awesome...
10,A movie that touches my heart no matter how many times I watch it.
10,Hope...
10,My dad and I were amazed by the movie
10,I can see why people say it's a masterpiece. The best movie ever!
9,Masterpieces, masterpieces, and masterpieces should be attached to movies like this!
10,It's not a very touching and colorful story, but it's a victory for directing ability. It's great.
10,It was a great movie Hah!
7,Somehow
10,the greatest masterpiece of all time
10,the best movie of my life
10,10 points
10,a good piece of work
10,The best movie ever!
10,Great movie 10
10,Every time I watch a new movie
10,a chilling movie
10,It's fun
10,The best movie of my life
10,What a great movie!
10,How many times did I watch it?A masterpiece among masterpieces
10,You're the best!
10,the best five
6,It's a good piece, but it's not good enough
10,It's so nice
10,This is what a movie is. 10 points!
10,The best movie that makes you use your imagination like reading a book even though it's a movie
10,It's a movie that makes me feel emotional
10,Flower756/ My first friend... Are you an elementary school student?
10,It's touching even now.
10,I also read the original Stephen King, the first movie to produce a perfect novel. be more than that
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
10,I don't need to say anything. It'd be amazing if you took out the filming techniques
10,Of course, 100 points
9,Being bored in the beginning is my weakness.
10,Sixteen years later, it's not tacky at all
10,It was fun. It was a bit boring, but...A movie with 10 points!
10,I like it's good
1,a sleeping pill movie
10,The fourth movie I watch...
10,I thought the movie score would be over 9.5, but I was embarrassed because I couldn't.
10,Their friendship...It didn't break off!
10,Pocv7845 where are you?
10,The person who hasn't seen this movie is probably an elementary school student. This movie will help you a lot in your life.
1,a movie that suits one point
10,The best movie of my life. It's not boring no matter how many times I watch it LOL
10,A wonderful story that has been branded in my head since I first saw it as a child
10,This looks fun. It came out on January 28th, 1995. I was born on January 28th, 1995.
10,It's the best movie that you can fall in love with even if you're not a movie maniac
10,You either live a busy life or... I'll be busy dying...
10,This is the only movie I've seen more than 5 times in my life
10,The best...
10,I don't know why I saw such a masterpiece now. It makes me think again...  Everything
10,Freedom and hope in itself...I don't get bored no matter how many times I watch it...
10,Even if I look forward to it, it's better than I expected. There's Let's see
10,It's new and interesting to watch it three times
10,The best...
10,If you expect too much, it's counterproductive, but it's an impressive desire for human freedom.
10,Morgan Freeman's acting is kind of moody and good
10,I saw it on OCN, but it wasn't that touching
10,I think I've seen this movie 20 times so far. It's a very interesting movie even if you watch it again
10,My music teacher showed me at school. I saw it but didn't... It was fun...
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,It's the best movie ever again
10,jackpot.
10,Great and great movie~~ I highly recommend it's a great movie!
10,gut, exorcism
10,You scared me!
10,A movie that remains in my memory for a long time
10,When can I see a movie like this again?
10,No matter how many times I see you, I want to see you again.This is a masterpiece
8,It didn't hit me because I knew the ending scene.
10,The best movie of my life that I don't even remember how many times I watched it
10,Those who find themselves bored are just slaves to the commercial film industry, which is usually a spectacle.
10,I couldn't help but cry in the last scene.
10,Is there a more appropriate word than the best movie?
10,This is the best movie of my life. I haven't seen anything better yet
10,a good movie
8,In general, the movie was boring and the message given was not enough.
10,I feel really pathetic because I only saw the beginning of a masterpiece with everything in it and felt bored
10,The ending part is touching. It's a masterpiece.
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's the best masterpiece.
10,The best. Happy ending movie
10,He who criticizes badly can't watch a movie.  No matter how many times I watch it, it's the best movie.
1,Whether a movie is a masterpiece or a lot to learn, boredom is half of the movie.
10,I have nothing to say. There are people who watch the movie that they will regret if they don't watch it
10,It's not a waste to give 20,000 points for this kind of movie
10,I tried to watch it, but I finally saw it. In a word, good! I've been dreaming of escaping from the beginning
10,I actually wanted to fail to escape
10,the best of the best
10,Wow, there's no movie like this. It's the best
10,I hope... I hope it's blue and clean like the sea.I hope...
10,Perfection
10,It's the best movie ever on TV. It's all the work stops
10,It's just pathetic that I've only seen now There's no need for words. You're the best.
10,the best movie of my life
10,I got a lot of spoilers, but it's fun
10,This is the best movie I've ever seen.
10,It's amazing how it touches you without provoking your tear glands
10,I liked the plot, acting, and everything, and it was an attractive movie that even moved me.
10,This is it
10,It's a great movie that can't be compared to any other movie
10,I watched it more than 20 times. Every time I see it, I feel fun and touched.
10,I'm touched.
10,No comparison with movies that are pushing ahead with computer graphics
10,It was so much fun!
10,A movie that changed the values of life. A movie that gives you strength when you're in hell
10,A masterpiece that even picky movie critics can't help but give 10 points to
10,A movie with a better story than a twist
10,There is hope. I will not give up.
9,This kind of movie is really!
10,Nam Joo's escape from prison is very thrilling and she made a great movie
9,Good
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it
10,Really... People who haven't seen it don't know. A movie with a lot of enlightenment. It's a masterpiece
10,Once I thought it was a thrilling entertainment movie like Prison Break; Miruda saw it.Lesson: Touching
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life.
10,I strongly recommend it
10,Every word is cool. I think I have a lot to learn in life. I look back.
10,I feel like I'm being hit in the back of my head. I don't know how fun it
10,Why is there only 10 points? Seriously, awesome! It's awesome
10,I really didn't know time went by. A refreshing twist!
10,See you at Jihwatanejo
10,I have watched it dozens of times in my life, but every time I watched it, I really enjoyed it.
10,What do I need to say?
10,It's just fun!
10,What kind of luck combined to create such a great movie?
10,There is literally no need for words.
10,jackpot
10,There's no need for words. Perfect
10,Is this a movie? It's a work of art.
10,Awesome... It's fun and touching to watch again.
10,Good
10,I'm so maniacal in OCN!
10,Stephen King's story, a screen that doesn't need words
7,It was more fun than Prison Break
10,It's just... it's my values. The movie that showed the most important value is this.
10,It's a really, really good movie. It's a masterpiece.
10,The masterpiece of the masterpiece of a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,Elementary school kids didn't know the true side of this movie
10,I can't believe the dirty hands of the part-timers have touched such an immortal masterpiece.ㅉㅉ
10,It's so much fun
1,In what way is it a masterpiece?
10,The best!
9,It's a masterpiece. A movie that you won't regret
10,A masterpiece that can only be said to be awesome
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A movie that doesn't need words...A movie that shows that you should not lose hope even in despair
10,The best...
10,Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap
10,Maybe that's how we live.
10,It's always a great movie
10,It was the best movie... A movie that I want to watch again
10,There's a reason why it was in the masterpiece category...
10,Goosebumps when the credit goes up... Wow...
10,I regret seeing it now
10,It's the best. I don't think it was made in 1995
10,I'm touched even if I watch this 20 times
10,It's so touching. A movie that's good to watch again!
10,I don't need to say anything. Trust me! I don't need to say anything. Really. The main character is so cool
10,There's no need for words.
10,Just don't say anything
10,The best...
10,I don't need words.
10,an unforgettable masterpiece
10,A movie that you can't get enough of!
9,Wow, that's awesome
10,I want to go to Lake Jiwajaneㅜ
10,I'm sure there are a lot of people whose hearts are pounding after seeing this
10,a great movie LOL
10,I watched it again with my girlfriend. Wide Pacific Ocean, the meeting of two friends. I still can't get enough of course
10,Guk-ppa, can you please turn off? This is a lot more fun^
10,Is there a cooler and more pleasant rain than the Shawshank Escape rain?
10,The best. When you see the escape scene of the last star, it's so touching! I highly recommend it!
10,I like this the most
10,I like this the most. Jail and everything
10,Towards the hope of life
10,It's a valuable masterpiece that shows freshness that you've never seen before even though you've seen it three times.
10,A good movie
10,I'm still young, so I can't feel the true taste, but it's fun and touching
10,It's fun...
8,A good movie
10,Every time I see it, I cry in the last scene. I guess I can't help it
10,After 10 years, I think I know the depth of the movie.
1,Let's see the national team
10,Out of all the masterpieces, it's especially.A movie that will shine brightly even in a dark place.
10,I was really impressed the whole time.It's the best movie ever
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't get boring no matter how many times you watch it.
10,Don't play with masterpieces, you part-timers!
9,It was really touching, but personally, the middle part was boring, so I got 9 points
10,A movie that's fun to watch right now...
10,The best movie of my life with Schindler's List!
10,a moving movie
10,Why did I see it now?This masterpiece... It's the best
10,As expected, he doesn't disappoints me
10,Good
10,I don't call a masterpiece a masterpiece for no reason...
10,Clean story development. And I was moved by his natural acting
10,I just saw the movie that I should have seen in 1994. The best movie everDo we have more stars?
10,I'm here to see the part-timer
10,It's the best. A movie that you must watch once in your life
10,It's a masterpiece. It's instructive.
10,Isn't it the best?
10,a film of a Bible
9,It's fun, but the beginning part is...
10,I'm so touched! The national team is inferior to the elements of this movie.
10,This is the movie,' he said.
10,They're setting up a national team here, too.;; If you watched this movie, you wouldn't have thought of giving me a point
10,Shawshank is awesome... I watched it late, but it's awesome
10,How can you compare National University and Shawshank?
10,I'm so annoyed by people who give me a rating of one. It's a great pleasure ㅜ
10,I'd love to.
10,Top
10,It's an amazing movie. I don't know what modifier to use
10,I should've watched it before. It's so much fun!
10,Speaking on behalf of Hadu's national team, it's fun, but this is a good movie
10,It is really the best movie. I don't need to say anything else, it's the best.
10,The best! The best! The best!
10,It's so heart-warming
10,It's fun no matter how many times I see it
10,Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,A masterpiece that will be remembered even in the face of death!
10,ㅠㅠ That's awesome
10,Wow! At the end, the dope
10,Why are there so many part-timers on the national team?; The ending is so touching.^^
10,The last one is the best
9,The person who gives the national team 10 points is obsessed with cheap patriotism and has failed to evaluate objectively
10,They're not good at it
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The movie that I watched when I was in elementary school... A movie that's good to watch now
10,It has been a heartwarming movie for a long time
10,This is funny, but what if I advertise for the national team here?
8,There used to be a part-time job.Right now, the national anthem...It's a good movie, so let's not do that.--
10,I watched it until 5 a.m., but I couldn't sleep after watching it. It's a masterpiece
10,I'm Park Jae-man
10,I'd like to thank the director for making this movie in the same era
10,I really don't like Gukdaeppa.
10,국대 National University is good too, but this is better and what is such bad manners?
9,Just 9 points
10,As a movie maniac, the best masterpiece that I have no regrets after watching more than 10 times is the best.
10,I am overwhelmed with indescribable emotion.It's a movie that only needs to be said that it's the best
10,It's really the best...a movie I watched
10,It's a movie that makes you get a GPA. It's a touching hope.
10,It's a great movie!
10,Much more interesting than the national anthem
10,Kook-ppa is annoyed
10,the eradication of the national army
10,10 points to give strength to the part-timers. 1 point for the national team
10,It's really confusing. Are you guys intelligent anti or are you stupid?
1,the national team
1,I don't like it... The national team is much more fun
8,Honestly, I'm not that touched.It's just about people, but a shrewd script isn't boring
1,It is too high compared to the national anthem.Let's cut it
8,It was okay
7,I'm sure I saw everything, but I can't remember if it was too touching.
10,It's the best.
10,Ordering Blu-ray book version. I'm looking forward to the best movie of my life. So far ^^
10,It was refreshing and touching and I thought that I should study hard =_=;;
10,The movie that I wished the movie would continue. The best movie ever
10,You're the best
10,By far the best movie!!!! All the part-timers who gave me 1 point
10,It was a masterpiece.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this kind of work
1,Seriously, you guys are so annoying. You're trying to get rid of all the best movies
10,Seriously, you guys are so annoying. You're trying to get rid of all the best movies
1,I don't like this movie.The best!
9,I felt nervous and compassionate, and I felt refreshed and clean after watching it
1,the national team
10,Even more than 10 years later, the impression came with more depth.
1,I'm from the national fan club
1,The national team is the best!
8,That's cool.
7,If you saw it when it was released, it would have been 10 points, but now... It's just...
10,It's the best. The original Stephen King
10,If you haven't watched it yet, hurry up and watch it
10,It's the best movie ever^^
10,It's the best ever
10,A movie that gives hope
10,I don't think I need the best words. I learned a lot.
10,Hope... that word made me write another theory of my life. Hope...
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. I totally recommend it!
10,I vote for a movie that I don't get tired of even if I watch it again
10,When I'm bored while watching TV, I want to watch it for a while, but I end up watching it until the end
10,I didn't watch the front part so I'm watching it again but I'm watching it again. I'll have to turn it'
10,Top
10,a calm, non-boring film
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 100 times
10,There's no need for words!
10,Best movie in my life. I sincerely hope so. I hope you watch this movie.
1,아니면 내가 자장가를 불러줄게
9,Freedom... Hmm...
10,The preciousness of knowledge and hope...It has paid off tremendously.
10,The best of the best
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it. Especially at the last reunion.
10,Oh, this is a movie for me. It's the best! A masterpiece! Wow!
10,It's amazing that they picked it out with such an interesting subject. It's touching.
10,I'm so touched.
10,Don't you dare talk about this movie. The greatest work of my life filled with hope.
10,It's a movie that makes the word "reality" come true! HOPE CAN SET YOU FREE.
9,The corruption of prison guards, the suppression of human rights, and so on can be touching. Hah!
10,This is what a movie is like
10,Look at the number of reviews of 15 year old masterpieces...I've seen it 10 times more, but it's good
10,You don't have to say it. Just feel it
3,I didn't like the main character's personality and there weren't many scenes to pick
10,It's the best. A great movie. This is called a masterpiece.
10,I liked the scene where the song came out the most.
10,Human victory! It's a shocking movie
10,It deserves to be called a masterpiece.
10,A masterpiece goes beyond the times... I can't say anything other than "the best"
10,The best movie ever. The movie I want to watch again
10,They say that you're the best
10,I don't know how many times I've seen it. But the best movie ever to stay tuned
10,I was really impressed.
10,I can only say that it's the bestIt's the best!
10,Movies that I watch whenever I'm bored
10,What's this touching feeling?
10,It's more than 20 times on TV. It's fun to watch it over 20 times
10,a good movie
10,I saw him for the first time last week when I was 22 years old. It's a lot of fun.
10,There's no need for words.It's the best!
10,It's so touching
10,Wow, it's fun
10,As time goes by, a movie that makes me feel more nostalgic
10,I made the national team well, but... I think Shawshank Escape is a better movie
8,They complimented me so much that I watched it. More than I thought... I should watch it one more time.
10,It was the first time I felt so happy after watching a movie
10,But I'm glad it's late I've never seen a masterpiece like this in my life.
10,A masterpiece I'll never see again in my life.
10,The composition is very detailed and interesting. You should watch it It deserves to be called a masterpiece.
10,It's really fun.A human story!
10,I thought it might be boring because it's a masterpiece, but it's not boring at all. It's touching
10,I'm so happy that I decorated my room. So I gave you 10 points
9,There was a bit of boredom in the middle, but both the completeness of the work and the acting skills were good
10,recapture the first place
10,Life is precious to everyone! The best scene on the beach!
10,Zelkova, I'll never forget the beach scene.
8,It was fun.
10,It's not a movie. It's art
10,a precious movie
10,The best movie...The last Shawshank escape is unforgettable
10,I should have watched it at the cinema, too bad I didn't hear Morgan Freeman's narration with a loud voice
10,A film that teaches the greatness of hope and the importance of freedom
10,a craving for freedom a resistance to absurdity
10,Good job
10,It's really Eunyeonghwa when I watched it alone
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie that doesn't deserve 100 stars
10,I watched a real movie now.
9,I like Freeman's calm performance. In the last reunion scene, I was so thrilled.
10,Best of the few movies you have!
10,Life-teaching movie, easy to understand, moderately fun, just the best
1,Not good
10,The body is trapped, but the soul is free
10,It's awesome. It's always fun!
10,The best movie ever
10,This movie is really a masterpiece. You should really watch it
10,Really... Precious...It's a beautiful movie. It's a real masterpiece
10,I just saw it on OCN.You said it's a must-see movie in season 2 lol Ah.
10,I just saw it on OCN.It's amazing.Why did I watch such a masterpiece now?
10,Hope
10,I'm a free man on an endless journey
10,I can understand why it is a great movie.^^
10,That's a cool twist.
10,It's fun
10,Humans may have freedom to live with hope.
10,This is the movie
10,Very nice, good.Good
10,I can't explain it in words.
10,You're always the best
10, masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, fine piece
10,Perfection
10,How come it's so good even though it's a movie that came out a long time ago ^^
10,A movie that I've watched more than 10 times. It's really the best!
10,Wow!
10,I really lost track of time.Is there another movie like this?
10,the best movie of one's life
10,Every line in the movie was really memorable
10,Ah... one of the best masterpieces.
10,Top
10,I watched the movie around last year, but I came here to leave a comment. It's the best!
10,There is no fault. This is what flawless means
10,좋아요.
10,It's a very solid movie. It's a masterpiece that shows that this is a real movie.
10,The original excavator was Count Montecristo.
10,Hope, the greatness
10,No words needed
10,I'm touched. You're the best
10,Even if I watch it again, it's the best movie...
10,If there's "Perfect Movie", I think it's Shawshank Escape. No, it's just a perfect movie
10,I still remember the ending scene of Red and Duprein meeting at the beach at the end...^^
10,You can't forget the average. I think it's a great piece of work to look at again. Already 15 years ago...
10,You have to get 10 points!
9,Hope...
10,the first movie that impressed me
10,Fairy tales for adults?It's the same feeling
10,A movie that made me know what a movie is
10,Will I be able to watch a movie that will leave a strong impression and hope?
10,I hope this kind of movie comes out these days.
10,I cried
10,It's a masterpiece that will go down in history!
10,The screen and lines that make me immersed as if I were listening to music are still ringing in my ears
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,If you don't see it in your life, you'll regret it.
10,I'm just saying it's the best.
10,cool
10,This is the best movie in all genres! I highly recommend it!
10,For those who don't know if it's an old movie...Make sure to watch it. You will be touched by other movies.^^
10,The best...
10,It's the best!!!!
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's a shame that 10 points is the maximumㅠ
10,I thought it was a calm movie until the end of the movie, but when I look back on it one by one, it gives me goosebumps.
10,A movie you must watch before you die...
10,a movie expressed in the word masterpiece
10,What's really important is a movie that won't be awkward even if it's released this year
10,I lost track of time and watched the movie
10,It's called Shawshank Escape and it's a masterpiece!
10,It's a little boring.But... It's fun...It's a masterpiece.
10,There's no action in the beginning.I think it's a trash movie, but I'm gradually assimilating it into a movie
10,Top
10,Even when I look at it again, I can't stop being moved.
10,cool
10,It's really a masterpiece.It's the best.
10,It makes me wonder why I watched it now. It's the best movie ever
10,Shawshank! With powerful eagle wings! be freed free!^
10,Lake Chiwatane
10,There is something very different from the Liberation Day envoy.Hah!
10,the best movie
10,I saw the plot of the movie. I watched a movie. And I'm going to evaluate the movie.
10,It's fun to watch it over and over again.
10,All I can say is that you're the best.
10,I wrote down the famous quotes from the movie on paper one by one, and one sheet was full.
10,A movie I want to show my son to my grandson
10,I regret watching this movie today It's a masterpiece
10,Thrill? No action. There's no romance either. But the film has more than 10 points.
10,It's a really, really great piece of work. Top.
10,put off and put offI finally saw it. Why did I finally see it?crying
10,A work that can't be called a masterpiece.
10,It really shows what a twist is.I didn't even think about it.A tunnel tunnel... worthy of being called a masterpiece
10,In a word, it's fun I really enjoyed the movie.
10,I've seen it like 30 times, and I'm just average. A movie that becomes a dream.
10,I've been watching it again and again since I put it in PMP Nevertheless, I can't get enough of it
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I've watched it 17 times, but I'm sure most of you watched this movie more than me
10,How many times I got goosebumps, what a masterpiece!
10,As time passes, the last scene is not forgotten in my mind.
10,Literally the best movie of my life
10,Lol It's refreshing.It's a relief... It's a drama, but it wasn't boring at all and it was fun.L
10,Even if I keep looking at it
10,I have nothing to say...
10,a heart-opening movie
8,I really like the word freedom, that's all
10,If you don't watch this movie and die... I really regret it.
10,This kind of movie... is so cool.
10,The best movie of my life. Definitely first place
10,Watch it again and again ㅠㅠ
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,the best movie of my life
10,The last scene is creepy
10,If you haven't seen it, don't tell me. This is really a masterpiece. My hands and feet are cringing
10,A movie that makes you realize a lot of things
10,A movie that I want to give 10 more points! I really recommend it. Don't talk if you haven't seen it.
10,I think I've seen it dozens of times
10,The best movie ever ㅠㅠ
10,How many points is it if it's 10 points or c-shape.It was the best movie ever!
10,I feel ashamed of myself. Let's appreciate my situation. At least there is freedom.
10,Ten points or no points to give.
10,I watched it again today, and I can't stop being so touched. If a movie like this comes out once a month,
10,It's really touching and the best movie
10,I can't believe I made this kind of movie about 15 years ago. It's amazing
10,The best of the best
10,Let's make this movie number one.
1,It's too easy to get out of here. There is no hard process either. There is nothing to overcome. The main character genius. I'm not even touched
10,I think 5 stars means watching this kind of movie
10,I'm still touched, thrilled, and free
10,Let's not give a point to a masterpiece.
10,It contains a touching movie with a hopeful message.
10,The only movie that I remember!
10,It's impressive.
9,a great movie
10,Totally... Good
1,It's fun but there's foam, too
10,The classics are eternal
9,A masterpiece is a masterpiece...It's a shame that I'm behind Forest Gump at the same time.
10,The best movie ever
10,The most impressive movie for me
10,Oh, my...
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Kick your butt.
8,Even if I look at it again, I fall deeply into it. Best prison breakout movie.
10,I thought again about what my hope was. You're the best!
10,The greatest masterpiece!1
10,The best movie of my life. I agree. Great movie.
10,The best movie of my life
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Someone said, "If you don't watch this movie, you'll die and you won't grow grass." That's right
10,Shut up and watch.
10,Mise-en-scene is a great movie!
10,The best movie of my life...I've watched it over 20 times, but I don't get tired of it.
10,I really enjoyed it But it was sad to see Tommy die crying
10,a long lingering impression
10,Morgan Freeman ㅠㅠㅠcrying
10,a hopeful film
10,It's the best
10,Hope, freedom, friendship...I wonder who's going to be my partner, Red^^
10,You're the best!
10,I watched this movie late at night, but it was really fun
10,A movie that's fun to watch again
10,My life was full of fear. I realized what hope was because of this movie
10,It is a movie that rewinds to their peaceful Jihuataneo temple, a hope greater than a setback.
10,One of the best movies of my life.
10,No matter how many times I look at it, I can feel a new taste when I think about Morgan Freeman's narration.
9,boredom has become dull with every line of...
10,A masterpiece... Hope...
10,I regret seeing such a masterpiece today. A word I remember for the rest of my life. Hope... It's a masterpiece.
10,It reminded me of the importance of hope
10,If you have to watch a movie and die... I think one of them is this
10,It's a really big movie. I can't speak.
10,It is touching and really fun.  This is a real masterpiece.
10,You're the best!
10,This is a masterpiece.
10,Watching this movie makes me want to drink beer. I remembered drinking beer while painting the roof.
10,speechless impression
10,Korean movies and most commercial movies are touching at the end.But it's been moving all along...Escape from Shawshank
10,I watched it in middle school and watched it again when I was in my 30s It's a film of hope itself.
10,A movie that you can't get tired of watching
10,The most impressive thing was getting out of that dung hole.
10,If I were to put it in a word I know, I would say 'best'.You can see yourself.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The hope of human freedom against the violence of the ruthless institution and the calm performance of two actors
10,Touched ㅠㅠ
10,Even if I watch it more than 10 times, I'm moved and thrilled.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen a movie like this.
10,I'm amazed even when I watch it again.
10,My father's recommendation was not correct.
10,Talk about hope...It's the best.
10,A movie that tells you hope
10,I saw it on the movie channel, and it's totally good
10,I feel touched every time I see it.
10,No matter how many times I see it, I'm still thrilled and thrilled. There is no sad content, but it makes me cry.
9,The first movie I watched today...But a movie that lets you know what power hope brings.^^
10,Best movie recommendation for movie lovers!
10,There's no needless words
10,It's a movie where you can feel that this is what freedom is like
10,Hope is good. I hope you won't be scared of the real world.
10,It is so touching, heartwarming and fun!
10,The best movie in my heart, the best movie to hand down to generations
8,A movie that is hard to describe once you see it.
10,Top
10,People do not realize much of the importance of freedom.It is foolish to realize the importance of losing all the time.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen! A movie that doesn't deserve 100 points!
10,by far the best
10,I want to make this movie 10 overall rating
10,Isn't this the best?
10,I enjoyed watching it.
10,희망을 버리지 않다
10,I do not dare to comment
10,The first movie that made me realize that movies can be fun without action, twists, or thrills
10,It's the best!
10,a happy ending
8,Obviously, it was a wonderful material and fun, but it wasn't expressed well enough to make you shudder.
10,I can't believe I made this movie when I was born
10,I think it's a masterpiece. Even if I already watched it, I keep watching it when it comes out on TV.L
8,Don't give up hope! Why is the score so high?
10,A movie that makes me feel overwhelmed just thinking about it. Can this kind of movie come out again?
10,Make sure you watch it
10,This movie is supposed to be re-released
10,Who hasn't seen this movie?
10,10 points
10,needless words
10,I just saw a good movie
10,Good. I can't get enough of it.
10,Oh my god
10,Movies I want to watch again
10,Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman's Best Film! They won't forget this movie, either
10,This is really a legend...
10,It was really fun
10,The best movie ever.Hah!
10,Either you live or you die.
10,As long as there is hope, you can be happy!
1,It's a 10-point parade, so I want to give you a zero. A movie that's overrated...
10,10 points to celebrate the 15th episode
10,I can't get enough of it
10,Hope is a good thing...
10,The best movie I can't get enough of
10,A movie that you must watch at least once!
10,It's the best! The thrill whenever I see it!
10,Even when I saw it for the second time, that emotion didn't go away
10,There's no need for words, because it's Shawshank's escape
10,Hope it's the best and this movie is the best too
10,This is the best movie I've ever seen life.Really good...
10,Morgan Freeman, good acting
10,It was the best.
10,Top
10,I am glad that I got freedom until the last red.
10,It's so perfect.I don't need any more writing.For those who haven't seen it, please watch it
10,I got goosebumps while watching... 10 points is not enoughThis movie is really fun!!!
10,Top
10,That scene on the poster...I won't be able to forget it I got goosebumps
10,Can't you give me 500 million stars?
10,Touching.
10,Tim Robbins, you'really
10,It is the most touching movie I have ever seen. I can feel the importance of freedom throughout my body.
10,Ten points is not a waste of money.
10,The movie was good and the plot was good a moving film
10,No matter what anyone says, the best movie! All the lines are wise sayings
10,The best! The best!
10,As expected, the old one is good. It's a nice twist and a nice ending
10,It's nice even now
10,The storyline and the exquisite ending... What a great trick
10,That's cool.
10,If you look at the real movie today, it's only the fifth movie you've seen
9,I thank Andy for his freedom as he became a smarter papier-dragon.
10,There's no masterpiece like this It will be a memorable movie
8,당신을 자유롭게 해줄 수 있는 희망
10,Like the person below said, just good!
10,Just one word. "GOOD"
10,The story of the person below is sloppy? -- It was really shocking at the time;;
6,It's a boring movie to look forward to. The story is too sloppy. It's not a bad thing,
10,Top
10,The movie that gave me 10 points for the first time... Oh, that's heartwarming ㅜㅜ
10,10 points. This is the truth
10,The movie that I remember no matter how many times I watch it
10,If someone asks me to choose my favorite movie, I will answer "Show Shank Escape."
10,Now I see such a masterpiece.That's truly incredible.
10,You can watch it 10 times? I'll watch it more than 100 times!
10,A movie that can change a person's life
10,It's a movie that reminds me of how I spend my time fizzling out.
10,I have this movie. It's worth keeping
10,Why did I watch this kind of movie now?
10,Why Prison Break? How can you compare that drama to this?
10,Love, trust, and... It's heart-warming
9,Oh, my
1,Just follow half the Prison Break
10,This is what a masterpiece looks like.
10,It's a perfect
10,The wonderful encounter of emotion and twist makes me rethink something in my life
10,the most beautiful masterpiece of this era
10,Whenever I see you, whenever I see you...I'm so touched
10,Even after all these years, it's still beautiful.
10,A really cool and exhilarating movie
10,It wasn't fun because I knew the ending, but it's the best...!!!
10,It's the best. Not even 100 stars
10,The last twist is. 5 stars isn't enough.
10,I can't forget the last scene.
10,After hearing rumors, I finally saw this masterpiece today.
10,It's just 10 points
10,There's no need for words...
10,I want to be a bird that can't be kept in a cage.
10,Another masterpiece that you can confidently leave behind for future generations
10,There has never been a movie that is more touching than this while watching a movie.I can't believe I'm watching this now
1,Prison Hepien, who is accused of murder for freedom and for women, makes friends, and is hard to escape
10,I don't know how many times I've seen you.
10,Goosebumps, touching, tears!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,An impeccable masterpiece. I felt a lot of things when I saw this.
10,There is no need for words.It's a masterpiece that'
10,I was dying of excitement while Red went under the tree
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I watched it again on TV, but as expected, Shawshank escaped ㅜㅜ!
10,The best movie of my life. I can't believe I just saw this.
10,우우우우우우우우우우우우~
10,ㅜㅜ The best
10,Is words necessary? It's the best
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,I'm not sure...................................................
10,The best movie of my life
10,This is the movie of God
10,Now I've seen a movie like this. It's a masterpiece. It's calm
10,Every time it is on TV, I watch a movie even though I know the result
10,I want to eat
10,I'm touched even when I see it 10 times
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie and I was thrilled. It's not something people recommend for no reason
10,Good. It's a masterpiece
10,Look at the work, not just at Prison's extroversion. Prison is rubbish.
10,Don't discuss this film without ever having your freedom bound.
10,A work from 1995. a work of diminishing interest in the latest film
10,The story becomes obvious in the latter part, but it's a masterpiece
10,an extraordinary masterpiece in which the two actors shine
10,I didn't watch it, but I'm going to watch it today and tomorrow after hearing word of mouth
10,You're the best!
10,You really made it out of human power?
10,When will I see this kind of movie again? That's amazing
10,It's so much fun!I won't get sick of it even if I see it a few times
10,the best movie
10,As expected, I thought this movie would be rated differently
9,I'm gonna have a look. The movie you're going to see
10,I have nothing more to say... Top
10,I dare say the best movie
10,Why did I see this now?
10,I don't need to say anything.
10,I want to see you again. It's the best movie ever.
10,Prison break out. Shawshank escape is the best
10,Similar to Prison Break 1, it is fun.
10,The best movie of my life
10,The largest movie material site in the world, iDB, ranked first in movie ratings worldwide, East and West were the same
10,The best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It's just the best
10,I think it's the best movie
10,Oh...
10,I didn't get bored at all during more than two hours of playtime
10,A famous painting...
10,A movie that gave me a reason for my life
10,gut, exorcism
10,If I had to choose three of the best movies of my life, it would be one of them.
10,I think it's one of the most memorable movies.
10,If you watched it 15 times today, you'll get 10 points even if you watch it again...!
10,The first movie that made me cry...  It still lingers after I saw it
10,Where is freedom for me?
10,Movies like movies. Movies that make you feel the reason for living
9,It was great.
10,The only thing left is the movie!
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I should've seen the movie before, but I'm glad I saw it now
10,Ah~ I can't believe I'm seeing you now ㅠㅠ
10,Why did I watch it now? That's the best movie I've ever seen ㅠㅠㅠㅠcrying
10,a masterpiece of misfortune beyond its time
10,Why did I watch it now?
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,There is nothing worse than a thriller, an action movie. Most of all, it's touching.
10,I'm touched every time I see it. It's the best
10,I'm always touched.
10,...I'm touched even when I watch it again... Beer on the rooftop...That peaceful sweetness...
10,It's cool... It makes me write my GPA. Hah!
10,희망은 좋은 것이고, 어쩌면 가장 좋은 것일지도 모른다. 그리고 좋은 것은 절대 죽지 않는다.
10,It's the best.
10,It's the best.
10,I didn't know it would be a pity to have only five stars.
10,A movie that is fun without boredom even though the ending is expected.
10,It's really... It's the best.needless words
10,Hope and freedom is something that anyone can and should have...
10,It's really fun
10,It wasn't the movie I thought of at all
1,There is no lingering impression of the Green Mile
1,It's fun
10,One of the best movies of my life.
10,Who hasn't seen this movie? Top 1 masterpieces of my life
8,Since I watched Prison Break, I feel like I'm lacking something...
10,My favorite movie...
10,This is what a movie is, you sloppy people
10,최고의 영화!!
10,Honestly, if you don't understand this work and think it's a waste of time, your life is a waste of time
10,I watched it on Blu-ray a few days ago, and it was twice as touching. I can't get enough of it.L
10,I can't get enough of the best movie in my life
10,I'm so touched
10,It's so heart-warming
10,Top
9,In search of freedom^^
10,Good
1,Good
10,A movie that awakens the message of hope
10,Best movie ever ^^
10,A movie that feels new no matter how many times I watch it. It's more fun when you look at it after all these years.
10,The best movie of my life that I've seen more than 20 times!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
7,I expected the ending to some extent in terms of content Boring midway, but I got a kick out of the Bible L
10,All I can say is that it'
6,I think I'm wasting time. I usually give 9 to 10 points, but I can't give you this
10,The best! If you didn't see it, you'll know when you see it
10,I can't believe it was such a moving movie.
10,A movie that makes me dream...
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's always touching and fun.
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie that you won't get tired of
9,Touching, friendship... Everything was fine from the story. Is it a reaction of expectation?
10,It's the best. It's the best. I can't get enough of it. It's coolDog genius. Real genius work. Giggle giggle giggling
10,I've seen you a dozen times today.I can't keep my eyes on you.The best movie...
10,After watching the movie for the first time, I couldn't move until the end
10,the best five
10,Top.
10,If you could see a masterpiece like this... Oh, if you can see it!
10,The best masterpiece of my life, like Forrest Gump. Hope...
10,It's really the best...
10,This is the best,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
9,What are you doing?
10,Good
10,The best of the best.
10,I recommend a movie that's really touching
10,This is a masterpiece.
10,one of life's greatest works
9,It's hard to say it's number one, but it's worth at least 3 yuan
1,It's a bit boring
10,It's the best. Will there be another movie like this?
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's a movie that really touches my heart and gives me fun... You're the best!
10,I can't forget all the actors
10,I watched it five times already, but I was never bored
10,The movie that gave me hope as a country boy.I can't forget it!
10,OK.
10,It's a touching feeling. I'll never forget it
10,The best movie ever!
9,a truly amazing movie
10,How many times have I watched this movie?Anyway, it's awesome
9,a film with a tremendous potential
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,I don't know how to express it.
10,There is no need for words. A masterpiece is a masterpiece.
7,It was too long. It was too boring until the middle.It was touching at the end,
9,It was a little boring
10,a movie that doesn't go against the clock
10,No words needed
10,It's always fun.
10,It's the best movie I'll ever remember
10,It's a masterpiece again.Is there another movie like this?
10,I'm watching you today.I think I've seen it like 5 times when I watch it on cable movie channels every day I watch it
10,Of course, it's not a fun movie, but a warm movie... Please watch it!
10,I didn't see him in 1995 but I saw him today for the first time. This is really the best.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
10,I like it
10,It's a perfect human drama from start to finish! The ending is also perfect
10,There is no need for words.
10,Top
9,A movie that I still can't forget
1,funny, interesting, amusing, entertaining
10,It's just the best
10,It's fun.
10,I've seen this more than 10 times.
10,No matter how much I look at the cable, I don't think it's the most boring movie...
10,The best movie of my life with Titanic
9,Everything was good.
10,a ten-point movie
10,It is a movie where you can feel freedom. Freedom
10,funny, interesting, amusing, entertaining
9,a good movie
10,Morgan Freeman is a really good actor
10,The best movie of my life LOL It's touching to see it again lol Why is the head so good?
10,I'm glad Red's Morgan Freeman
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.LOL Do you need a word? be more than the best
10,When I look at it, I feel like time is ticking.Hah!
10,I've seen this movie more than 5 times. Every time I see it, I feel it's the best
10,Best...........................
10,Hope is a good thing
10,It's so touching!
10,One of the best movies of my life.I was so touched when I saw him in high school
10,You're the best even now, go
10,Wow ㅠㅠ
8,Is it because I watched it on TV?
10,It's not enough to evaluate just 10 points
10,I watched a masterpiece with a perfect ending after a long time. It's perfect. It's really perfect
10,I've seen it many times, but I'm touched every time I see it To be honest, it's a movie worth 100 out of 10
10,The GPA part-timers below, don't live like that. 1 or 2 points for such a great movie. Oh, my
10,a masterpiece of emotion
10,Raising the rating
2,Who gives a point to this famous painting?
1,It's worth seeing
10,This movie is awesome no matter how many times I watch it. And the last scene is especially cool.
10,Are you kidding me? I'll drop my GPA
10,Jae Jae Jae Jae Jae Jae Jack
10,This movie will have a meaning for the rest of your life.
1,It's not that fun
1,It's boring and not fun
10,The best prison movie I've ever seen
10,I should not forget the word "hope" and live! This movie is full of energy!
10,Ah... I want to have this kind of friendship
10,There's a reason why it's considered the best I strongly recommend it
10,A movie that touches my heart over and over again
10,I'm just shedding tears
9,It's a lot of fun. The story is so good. It's a good movie to watch not too long. ^^
10,I saw it on TV last year and it was fun!
1,I am generous
10,The best...
1,I am generous
10,I watched this movie because you told me to watch it and it really makes me think deeply. It's really touching
10,The best movie
10,Is there a need to say?
10,The best movie ever!
10,I watch this movie when I want to feel touched and hopeful.
10,A movie that I dare call the best
10,I was really touched. It's really eye-catching from beginning to end.
10,I was really touched...It's a shame that I saw such a good drama latecrying
10,From beginning to end, there's nothing to be disappointed about.
10,It's the best I's ever seen again.
10,It's fun...
10,What a great movie!
10,That's sad
10,the best movie
10,Top
10,the best movie
1,an eight-point movie
10,Let's go for first place
10,It's so touching! It's a bad movie if you didn't watch it.Hah!
10,I can't get enough of this movie. It's so touching
10,The best moving masterpiece...
10,I thought it would be a heavy movie, but it was surprisingly refreshing. It was fun and solid.
10,It's the best masterpiece
10,I was touched
10,10 out of 10
10,The highest score for no reason...
10,It's just
8,a good movie
10,Movies that you never get tired of...
10,You don't need to say anything Haha
10,There's no need for words
10,You're making me speechless I expected it roughly, but the twist and deep emotion ^^
10,This is the best
10,The best movie of my life is really the best!!
10,A crazy movie...A movie that hasn't moved for five minutes after it's over... in a word, hope itself
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
9,an unfortunate masterpiece
10,I hope this movie will change your life.
10,Whoever you are,
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even after watching it a hundred times
9,Prison is worth living in.
10,Ten out of ten --
10,Hope set you free.
10,Shawshank Escape, Forest Gump, Life Is Beautiful, Most Must-see Masterpieces
10,There is no disagreement if this work is number one
10,I don't need any words.  Definitely...!! It's the best movie ever.
10,It's a moving movie
10,I just like it
10,Please... a movie that I want to re-release ㅠㅠ a movie that I can't forget even though I'm still 20 years old!!!
10,What is freedom?
10,I like the last scene. a good movie
10,The movie I watched with my friends.I understand freedom and challenge.the best movie of one's life
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The movie that deserves to be recognized!
10,It's quite touching. The last scene
10,That's amazing. Everyone...
10,There's no need for words. I lost track of time
10,It's a masterpiece. Heart-warming. Hope! Good word
10,Good movie ^^ Enjoy your movie.
10,I've seen a lot of movies, but... It's really indescribable I'm thrilled all over
10,Andy's Escape and Red's narration are unforgettable scenes for me.
10,From the poster to the movie, there's nothing you don't like?! That's scary
10,One of the best movies of my life ^^
10,Good
10,What's 1 point? 9 points even if you're ugly
10,It looks really cool.
10,I can't believe I've finally come across such a masterpiece!
10,Fun and touching movie...
10,A really good movie... one of the few things in my life
10,What a great movie! needless words It's a must-see movie for those who haven't seen it.
10,I think the movie that I made 15 years ago is still the best.It's as if there's no need for words!
10,I enjoyed watching it before.10 points
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 10 times
10,I really lost what to say. Heart-warming...
1,One point
10,I don't need to say anything.
10,There's no need for words
10,Shut up and get 10 points
10,A movie with a perfect score!
10,Is there anyone who doesn't know this? Of course, it's a masterpiece. No need to say
10,The best of the best
10,Will I be able to watch this kind of movie again for the rest of my life?
1,It's boring to watch again
10,It's sad. I'm touched.
10,Good Scenario + Good Actor = Good Movie
6,a case in point of overestimation
10,the best movie
10,Oh, it's really nice.This is a movie.You're the best
10,Good
10,Morgan Freeman's smoke made me cry.
10,It's the best movie ever. I'm not kidding, I think I've seen it 50 times. But if I do it, I'll watch it again.
10,Fishing, fishing. You'll change your mind when you get older.
1,an overrated work
10,BOB
10,It's the best. There's no excuse
10,It was fun. I don't get bored and time goes by.There's nothing more I can ask for
9,I'm disappointed with my reputation, but it's a masterpiece Steady story and flow
10,A movie that reminds us how precious freedom is that we didn't feel!
10,One vote for the movie with the highest rating on netizens!
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need to be said.
9,There's nothing perfect in this world. I want to give you 9.5 points, but I only have 9 points. The best movie of my life
10,The movie that made me feel the importance of freedom.
10,I realized how precious hope was for I HOPE AGAIN. A movie that I'm really thankful for
10,You're the best!
10,It's just the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,If you read Stephen King's original novel, you'll feel how well this movie is made again
9,It's a movie I watched a long time ago, but the story is faint like a first-degree murder at the time, but the lingering feeling remains the same.
10,14 years later, it's still a masterpiece^^
10,a masterpiece without words
10,It's been 15 years since it came out, but a masterpiece is definitely a masterpiece
10,A movie that kept me from leaving my seat for a long time
10,It's right
10,What more words are needed.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I've watched this movie more than 5 times and I still have tears in my eyes
10,I know it's fun, but is the score too high?
10,This movie is not fun, so those who gave a little rating should rather watch a comedy.
10,Thank you for the touching.  I think they call it a masterpiece after seeing this^^
10,As expected, masterpieces...
10,Even after seeing it a hundred times, the emotion still lingers. It's not enough to give 100 out of 10
10,Should I give you 10 or 9 points? I'll give you 10 points
10,It's the best!!! It's the thrill of human victory
10,Andy killed himself, Red found the place to meet. I thought it would be like this lol It's fun
10,This is fun
5,It's a lesson, but...It's not that fun
10,It's a movie that you want to watch even if you watched it close to 10 times
10,Every time I see it, it's a new masterpiece.a blessing only to the recognizable
10,Movies that I've watched more than 10 times
1,gut, exorcism
10,I'm so worried that I might get first place, so I'm giving you a rating for a funny movie. This is the best
10,The movie that made me come to give a rating, even though I never gave a rating
10,It's a good movie every time I see it. Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman's performances were also impressive.
10,a natural rating for the best movie
10,What words do I need?
10,Top
10,This is a real movie
10,If you really enjoyed it without lying, I won't regret it
10,Why isn't there an Academy Award? a questionable film
10,Freedom
10,It's a movie that I didn't want to waste of course.
1,Well, it's not that
10,The last scene
10,The best movie...
10,Good
10,Is an evil man ever an evil man?
10,Human freedom and liberation. The future that no one knows. It is still full appreciation if you show it on TV.
10,It's an impressive and well-made movie where you learn 10 new lessons from watching 10 times
8,It was a little boring, but I'm moved and left a lingering impression
10,Even if it's a movie made by God, it's a movie!
10,Duprein enjoys freedom by spreading his arms toward the rainy sky
10,A movie that makes you want to watch it again
10,A masterpiece that you can't get enough of. The lower the age, the more you have to watch and feel
10,Top
10,No matter how many times I look at it, it's amazing
10,I'm just sad when I see something.It's a masterpiece.
10,I also raise my rating because of those who don't know what to do, I think it's a masterpiece.
10,Truth
10,Over 10 times on OCN...
10,Hope is a good thing. That's right... ㅠㅠ
10,I hate this genre, but I have to watch a movie that I couldn't let go of my tension and curiosity until the end
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I see it. It's so touching?
10,Anyway, it's a masterpiece! I see it again and again
10,A movie you should watch at least once
10,I didn't know how to study these days, so I felt hope after watching this movie.
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,No words needed for the best movie
10,It's normal to keep things like this
8,Good
10,A movie that I watched more than 10 times until the end! I've seen the last two main characters' reunion 30 times!
10,It's not funny, but I can say it's funny.
7,Maybe it was because I had high expectations before I watched it, but the ending was impressive
10,The most watched movie in my life
10,I think I watched it like 10 times
9,Only those who wish, can be free
10,I heard it's a masterpiece. I was surprised to see it. You're the best! You're the best every time I see you!
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's a moving and sad movie that'
10,A friendship that makes me cry
8,Of course, it's good...The movie is too old. It's a bit... I like the latest and proper video
10,It's the best.
10,What a great movie!
10,It's awesome
10,I've seen it five times;
10,Wow, why did I watch this movie now?
10,This is a masterpiece
8,Without hope, you can't live
10,This is really a movie
10,It's different every time I see it. It's a movie about life
10,One of the masterpieces I saw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!L
10,a nostalgic movie
10,If you don't need words, you have to watch a movie no matter what
1,I didn't like the translated title
8,It's charming with its calm touch and strange production, but it's kind of empty to be the current No. 2 work on Naver
1,The number one movie to get rid of the bubbles! The last scene is the best, and nothing is left of it
1,Personally, Clint Eastwood's escape from Alcatraz was much better.
9,judge with the eyes of modern people
10,It's the best. I think this is called a masterpiece
10,I just saw it again. Every time I see it, it's a new sensation.
10,I saw it again yesterday, and as expected...
8,Huh.
10,If I hadn't watched Prison Break, it would have been even more touching. The ending was really touching
10,Top LOL
10,Does this movie need words? A masterpiece of the times!
9,I think I watched the full version 9 times?
10,The best movie of my life. Freedom and Hope are precious things that never go away.^^
10,The best! T-T
10,This kind of movie is called a masterpiece
10,It's fun
5,I just didn't like being an actor.
10,Touching. S and G
9,I watched it again after a long time. As expected, a very good movie that scratches the itch well.
10,This is the real movie, which can't keep its mouth shut for about 20 minutes in the second half.
10,I don't usually do things like this, but I should do this movie
10,:) beautiful
10,It's a masterpiece that's touching every time and time again
10,There is no need for words.
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
9,If there's no hope... You can't live!
7,I thought you were watching Prison Break.
10,This is the best
10,This is good no matter how many times I see it
10,If I saw you at OCN yesterday, I'm fine
10,Why didn't I watch this movie before?
9,Will this movie change the minds of those who support the death penalty a little? Hope is a good thing.
10,Hope is important
10,It's really a masterpiece.May you be with us forever.
10,It came out again today. It's fun every time I see it
10,It was a meaningful day in my life.
10,Screenplay, directing, acting and the movie itself. The best movie without a flaw
10,Good things don't go away.Really lost track of time
10,I found out that the movie was over 2 hours later. A movie that I watched without knowing how time went by
10,It was the most memorable movie.
10,Touching movie
10,I'm always touched.
10,Even if you look at it 100 times...
10,It's the best.
10,It's really the best
10,This movie is the best of the best.
10,Do you need words?
10,One of the best masterpiece movies. I hope you watch it
10,The best movie of my life!
10,The main character is so cool. The immersion level is the best
9,The freedom of the prisoners.
10,It's the best!
10,Shawshank's rating is now... Even from a global perspective, Shawshank deserves to be No. 1.
6,It's fun, but I sleep too much.It's not much different from Prison Break, is it?
10,I just watched it for no reason.  I think I know why the rating is high. Recommendation 100
10,Needless to say, it's the best movie!
10,The movie that came out when I was two years old... I saw it a few days ago and it was so touching. ㅜㅜ
10,What I felt after watching this movie was just a shock.
10,A really impeccable movie
10,The best masterpiece... The only thing I can say is that it's
10,The funniest movie I've seen since Leon. I can tell why I won first placeGood
10,It's the first movie that I've been sitting even though I'm the youngest
10,Recommendation
10,It was touching.
10,It's just the best
10,It's one of the masterpieces that needs no words...It is really fun and touching
10,Best movie with a twist better than Six Sense
9,It's a shame that it's a true story
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhope
10,The best! The best, the best movie!
10,How can I make a movie like this?
10,It's the best movie of this time.
10,Hope is a good thing
10,There was no movie as interesting as this.
10,Carrot is the best. No words needed.
10,I like this movie
10,It's the best movie ever
10,What else do you need? It's just the best
10,If you're looking at that poster... It makes me want to see you again. That kind of movie...
10,A movie that's fun to watch again
10,The best movie ever!
10,The best movie that makes me feel really good
10,the best movie of my life
10,I want to see it again.
10,Why didn't you just name it Shawshank? Why did you give a spoiler for Escape? But it's still fun
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is as green as my dream
10,As expected, it's the best movie ever
10,It's fun even if you watch it 10 times more.
10,No matter how many times I see it, it's good.
10,It's amazing. I highly recommend it
10,a movie worth watching
10,It always touches my heart no matter how many times I see it
10,Good
10,It's so much fun
10,Will a movie like this really not come out again?
10,Best Of Best.. It's the best masterpiece that will last forever.
10,This is just a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece that I've seen seven times
10,최고 중의 최고
10,최고중의 최고.
10,If you think this movie is boring, watch it again after a while.
10,the importance of freedom
10,I don't think there's any more movie in my life
10,I couldn't help but watch it because the title is so famous. It's the best
10,There is no need for a less than inspiring twist.I like a happy ending
10,The best movie that touches me gently! I'm glad I watched it now
10,My favorite movie. It's the best movie ^^ I've watched it 20 times with Titanic
9,..LOLI haven't seen you in a while
10,A film that reminds unemployed workers of the importance of freedom and laziness of everyday life
10,I heard it was a masterpiece, but I didn't watch it because I thought it would be boring, so I took the time to watch it today. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a movie that always touches me no matter how many times I watch it.
10,It's a movie that I felt a lot. I watched it well.
10,The best masterpiece. This is a masterpiece
8,It's been so long since we've seen each other
10,I couldn't put it into words.The moment Andy and Red met...It is really touching.
10,The twist and the emotion at the same time... It's the best movie in my life
10,Slick is -- OO is so much fun
1,It's "Slack"
10,I can't believe it's ranked 3rd It's a movie that should win first place
10,I want to do something for a free life, too. No, I want to be more free.^^
10,That's great!
10,What a great movie!!!
10,The best movie of my life.
10,That's the best. It's similar to Papillon. I recommend Papillon more
10,The best movie of my life
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,There's a movie that's fun to watch a lot of timesLOL
10,Even if you watch it more than 10 times, your emotions remain the same. Of course, there's a bit of a deterrent, but...
10,The last scene alone is the best enough.
8,It's a good movie~~
10,I watched it 10 times. It's so much fun
10,It was boring. It was really boring.However, after the movie ended, I remembered the calm and moving scenes
10,I thought it was a masterpiece for no wonder
10,This movie is so well made and excellent that I have nothing to say
10,Damn it... You're the best.
1,It's just a trick.  "Titanic," "Butterfly Effect" is a true masterpiece, isn't it?
10,앤디 듀프렌... 그 사람은...
10,A movie that I want to keep forever
10,Frank Darabont, I really respect you
10,Don't talk without watching the best movie
10,Even if it overlaps with the Independence Day special envoy...
10,After watching this, I realize why it is a movie that receives 9.26.
10,He does it from time to time on the movie channel.It's not even Mars Escape. I ignored it. Regretting
10,I've never seen such a wonderful movie in my life.I'll never forget... ㅜㅜㅜ
10,This is really fun lol lol lol lol
10,the best movie
10,Naver ratings are unbelievable. This movie is the real number one! I can't believe this movie is 6th place.
10,베스트 오브 베스트
10,This is not a movie, it is touching.Touching...
10,What is this when you were young?But now that I look back, it's the best movie of my life
10,It's funLOLA movie that I watched for a long time
10,It's fun every time I watch it
10,It's the best
10,This needs to be followed. It's one of the best masterpieces
10,a masterpiece
10,You're the best!
10,It was so touching to see the main character struggling for freedom.
2,Good
10,Good
10,gut, exorcism
1,gut, exorcism
10,Movies are by far the best of the tens of thousands of movies that have appeared and come out.
10,If it's a movie, it needs to be this muchL
10,I don't need words. I'm glad to see a masterpiece again these days
10,It's an honor to see such a masterpiece. It's a great movie. --b
10,moving, touching, stirring
10,Calmness, smile, happiness
10,The best movie I've ever seen more than 20 times.
10,The biggest movie of my life
10,I was born in 1991, but I just saw it. Phew...
10,a moving film
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,Freedom
10,a masterpiece without words
10,The most rated movie in the world, beating Godfather, is the highest rated movie in more than tens of tens of thousands of movies
10,The movie that makes you smile at the end
10,You're the best!
7,Maybe it's because I hung up.It's a shame that only two of us are happy ending.The reunion of the last two friends is very heart-warming
10,A work that you can't get enough of
10,The scene of the Shawshank escape poster was very impressive
9,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. But he's as handsome as he is now
10,What a great movie!
10,It's really fun. I've only seen it five times.아무Anyway, it's really fun!
10,the scent of freedom in one's heart
10,Best movie of my life. Best Classic
10,I put off watching this movie and now I'm watching it.Why didn't you watch it earlier?
10,a masterpiece without words
10,Going to realise many a movie I am ................................
10,A movie necessity that doesn't need words
10,I can't get enough of this movie even though it's already my fifth time watching it. Recommendation
10,Good, firmly
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,a film worth a full score
10,It's the best movie I'll ever forget.
10,This movie is awesome! Really! The movie development.Actor, I like everything.jackpot
10,Wow, it's so funny
10,a series of touching moments
10,I've seen it 10 times more. Every time I see it, it's
10,a poignant film
9,A movie that you can't get enough of. A movie that doesn't get bored at all with more than 2 hours of running time.
10,The acting of Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman was really great.
10,Increase the number of Pancots! This work needs such consideration!
10,I watched it 17 times.Every time I see it, it's new and touching
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,There's a reason why it's a masterpiece...
10,Top
10,I'm sorry, the director who made this movie. I just saw it
10,The rating of 10 is for this movie.
10,No words needed, best work
10,Good!
10,I feel sorry for the director because I saw this movie 14 years after it was released
10,Wow, that's so funny
10,All my life, honestly... I've never seen a movie like this before.
10,A movie that's always perfect
10,I'm not tired of it at all. I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now
10,I enjoyed watching it when I was young.
10,The wave of fun and touching moments
10,It's fun. The best scene is the scene where you're flustered
10,Good
10,A film that is well past 10 years but never forgotten
10,I've never seen anything so refreshing It's fun
10,a true masterpiece
10,It's really fun
10,It's really good... but I still don't think I know the depth.
10,But whenever ... in tvTouching every time movie.
10,A masterpiece is a word for a movie like this movie
10,If you watch a movie with your head and chest, how can you say this movie is not a masterpiece?
10,As time goes by, as I get older, I feel more and more every time I watch it again
10,The content of the movie is very touching. A movie that puts meaning into each line and gives a wonderful impression.
10,LOL You're the best
10,Top
10,Well, fame doesn't just exist I only heard it in the early days It's a very moving movie
10,I couldn't help but open my mouth at the end Why did I watch this movie now?
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now. I wish I had a friend like Andy. Hope is a good thing
10,Duprein is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a waste that the maximum price is 10!
10,It's a movie where all the lines are engraved in your bones
10,It gives a perfect score to this movie. the importance of freedom
10,It wasn't fun in the beginning, but it's getting more fun in the middle The scene where you spread your arms in the rain is overwhelming
10,It's a scam
10,a masterpiece that is incomparable to the movies of today. an indescribable masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that makes you realize what freedom is.
10,That's awesome
10,A calm but eye-catching movie
10,I watched the movie with my first love 14 years ago, but I couldn't concentrate on my girlfriend
10,ㅜㅜ
10,The last scene is the best ㅜㅜ
10,It is a moving movie.Top
10,It's the best escape movie
10,Good things don't go away!
10,Why didn't I know this movie?
10,The movie I wanted
10,indescribable catharsis That's amazing.
10,It's weird if you don't give me 10 points
10,It's the best
10,the best movie without words
10,I also want to go to the Pacific Ocean.
10,Foreign currency was not good for me when I was in elementary school, but I want to recommend this movie 10 years later.
10,I'm not good at expressing my feelings. All I have to do is give him 10 points.
10,Prison couldn't tame him from the start. Because there's hope.
10,I'm surprised this movie didn't win any awards.
10,You're really the best!
10,snatched
10,I want to give 20 points if I can.
10,It's really the best! I understand why this movie is called a masterpiece.
10,You've got a fair share of course.This is a famous painting
10,This is a famous painting
10,It's a pity movie that I can only give you 10 points.You're the best!
10,A perfect movie after Remember Titan.
10,The best!
10,Freedom and hope... I'm short of ten points. The best movie of my life!
9,The best movie of the Post Papillon.
10,How can this be?
10,It's the best!
10,Andy escaped, but I didn't escape from this movie.
10,andydufresne로 자유
10,The best!
10,It's amazing.
10,The importance of freedom... and Hope...
10,What movie can outdo this movie?
10,The best movie of my life
10,This movie Blu-ray is so expensive
10,The best movie in my life has changed... It's really the best.
10,It's the best
10,It's a masterpiece ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Only 10 points go well...
10,The most important thing we should not abandon is hope.
10,It's just 10 points. Not to mention it
10,Escape = freedom // I want to escape too...
9,It's been 15 years since we saw each other.It's still fun...Very good!
10,In this movie, I learned the friendship of my friend, the terrible tragedy of society, and the preciousness of freedom
10,the greatest film of the twentieth century
10,I agree. I'm glad I saw such a masterpiece late
10,I'm glad I saw such a masterpiece late.
10,It's harder than anything to get freedom, but the fruit of it is sweeter than anything else
9,The best
10,It's just the best
10,Digi is a movie
10,It's a movie that I want to log in and give a rating... Oh, I'm so touched
10,I thought Pabby was the best movie in my life. The number one was here. It's art
10,The casting is good, the story is good, and everything is good.
10,I watched it dozens of times and even memorized the lines. I found myself watching until the end of the channel.
10,Really... The best movie
10,At first, I thought it was boring, but by the end, I was interested
10,This is a masterpiece. needless words
10,Ha... I don't need to say anything. Top
10,It's a masterpiece of a real masterpiece! Andy Duprein! It's so catchy! It's the best
10,The best movie of my life!
10,The best movie ever!  That's cool.
10,Let's not give up hope
10,A film that awakens the meaning of true freedom. Five stars isn't enough for this.
10,I'd say it's the best movie
6,The whole thing is so boring.
10,be short of five stars
10,I thought it would be boring because it was made in 1995, but it's still fun even now. 10 points!!!
10,When I watch this, I always stop watching it because of something, but I get 10 points for that short scene!
10,You saw another masterpiece after the pianist. I'm watching masterpiece these days, but it's really worth the name Oh, my
10,A movie that touches you no matter how many times you watch it.
10,Andy escaped Shawshank, but I have not escaped Shawshank until now.There is a kind of hope
10,Every time I see it, it's fun! It's a movie that I can't get enough of It's so perfect
10,a deep film that you never know before one sees it
10,I just saw it again.I think I've seen it about five times. What a wonderful movie...The ending excites me so much
10,You're the best!
10,What a great movie!
10,The best movie of my life, my mouth opens
10,Does this movie need words ^^?
10,The hug scene between Andy and Red at the end is really...
10,a masterpiece
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie with my heart.
10,It's a movie that gives me a lot of insight as I spend every meaningless day. It's a masterpiece. ^^
10,It's a complete masterpiece
10,좋아요.
9,A masterpiece that allowed me to engrave the word hope
10,I think I've seen it about 10 times!
10,The best...
10,Anyone who doesn't give 10 points for this masterpiece has a brain problem
10,Don't be complacent even if you're afraid of the new world. You have to enjoy your freedom^^
10,Hope is a good thing.
10,That's cool. A free bird in prison went to the sea
10,The things you don't know how to watch a movie, you can't understand deeply, you can't concentrate, if you don't have fancy action
6,It's just a masterpiece, but it's not 9 points You guys.
10,A film of hope blooming in the mind. A masterpiece that's always fun to watch
10,a hunger for freedom
9,a hunger for freedom That's enough
10,a hunger for freedom
10,I can't say anything else.the best movie of my life
10,A movie you want to give 10 points to.
10,The movie should be like this!
10,The best movie of my life
10,Showed me what hope is.
10,The story was somewhat obvious, but the rush of emotion was truly excellent.
10,At first, it seemed boring and burdensome because it was a masterpiece. But this is really...
10,Nice movie ♥
9,One story is guaranteed! But there is a desire to be stronger L
10,It's fun even though I watched it several times!
10,There was something that was left over and over again and again and again and again. Haha
10,This is a real movie
10,It's a 10 out of 10 movie of my life.
10,That's the best
1,Shoppa is awesome. 9 points for this movie. Back to the Future with this Volba. That movie is awesome ^^
10,100 out of 10 LOL
10,You need to give 10 points to a movie like this
10,Good
10,What movie should I watch to be satisfied?
10,최상의, 제일 좋은
10,I kind of expected it, but it was incredible
10,Good, good
10,When Frank Darabont, Stephen King, and Morgan Freeman met,
10,the best movie
10,It's a luxury movie that's too good to give 10 points.
10,This is what a great movie is.Haha
10,When will such a masterpiece come out again?
10,I watched the movie 13 years after I came here. It is a movie without words.
10,The best movie that comes with a new meaning whenever I watch it many times
10,If you want to know why the rating is high, you can watch it.
1,Bad guy, good guy, end with a proper touch, so obvious, cheating is 3/1 of the movie
10,The biggest movie of my life
8,142 minutes is an incredible, focused, moving movie, and reading a good book.
10,an unforgettable movie
10,cool
10,The epitome of a masterpiece
10,I wasn't interested in the movie because it was a long time ago. I'm so touched after watching it
10,A movie that is not enough to watch once
10,He's really good at making movies
8,There are too many movies in the cell movies This is the beginning, but so is I, who saw the modern version first.
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this masterpiece. Top
10,Good
9,A movie that gives hope. It was quite touching. How about remaking this movie in a different genre?
10,It's the best.
10,If I have to say so... the best movie of one's life
10,The best movie I've ever seen again...
10,A movie with a score of 100 movies!
10,It's a great movie that doesn't need words
7,Andy-banker (capitalist), Shawshank, Red-Communist...Capital Changes Communications? high-profile Yankees
10,It's a masterpiece!
1,High risk of being fished with a GPA
10,I've seen a masterpiece more than 5 times, but I'm always touched
10,It's fun
10,I'm a fool who hasn't seen this before
10,Top
10,one of the most wordless masterpieces in the history of all time
10,be beautiful
10,I can't help but smile at the ending You feel the same, right? I'm so happy
2,Ah... Honestly, I don't know why it's a masterpiece ㅜㅜ..
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I can't believe there's a movie like this.
10,If someone asks me what was the best movie in my life, I won't hesitate to say this movie.
9,It's a masterpiece.
10,It's really tearfully touching, and we beat Terminator 2 to number one
10,The best! The best! The best! The best! The best! The best! The best! The best!
10,Best movie, best ending, best story...!The masterpiece that I remember in my life!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,At the ending part, my mouth is full of smiles ^^ The movie that makes me feel happy
10,the best movie of my life
10,A movie that you want to watch again even after watching it 8 or 9 times
10,I remember when I first saw this movie, I thought it was a masterpiece.
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't need words!!!!!!!!!
10,A movie that moves people's hearts is a real masterpiece.
10,That's the best. There's nothing more to say
10,It's the best movie ever
10,I want to go to Lake Jiwatane, where they are right now.
10,It's a movie that's touching
10,Hope for freedom, that's great! Hope is a good thing.
10,The Shawshank Escape is a masterpiece. I don't get tired of seeing you all the time.
10,It's a well-made movie.
10,The last best twist...
10,10 points is not enough!!!!
10, great, huge, immense, enormous, tremendous
10,I'm so touchedcrying
10,It was really touching.
10,One of the best...perfect movies
10,Of the hundreds of thousands of recommendations, only seven have commented. This is one of the best movies of my life.
10,It's fun.
9,Even if it's obvious, I can't curse because it's obvious!
10,It's overwhelming. It's a movie that makes me speechless.
10,The number one movie in human history.
10,A masterpiece detailing what true freedom is like!Make sure you watch it
10,OOO is so touching. This is what you call the best.Indeed, 'masterpiece' is different.
10,The best of the best, not too much to say, the best movie
10,It's a movie that's 100 times different from Da x x x x so x
10,I was touched when Andy and Red were reunited at the end of the movie, which was as good as Godfather.
10,The best movie is acknowledged by everyone.
10,cool
9,It's fun if prison is the background
10,If this movie doesn't get 10 points, what movie can get 10 points?
8,Did I expect too much from the rating? I was able to predict a twist. If it's a twist, the memento is the best
10,What and how can we evaluate it? It's the best.
10,최상의, 제일 좋은
10,I fell in love with the actors' acting skills
10,This is the best movie ever
10,A committed prison drama of prisoners who must break the shackles of their emotions before becoming a free man
10,I hope the Pacific Ocean is blue
10,What's the hope?
10,One of the best movies of my life!
10,It's really well-made
10,10 points...
10,I thought it was an obvious story.But... it wasn't. Good, good, good
10,A new movie no matter how many times. I can't believe the story of the mask is so touching.
10,Thanks to the great acting and beautiful filming skills, each frame will have an encouraging start.
10,I watched it many times, but every time I watched it, I thought it was fun and well made movie.
10,I knew why people were so excited to watch this movie. the best movie
10,It was a long time ago, so it was vague, but I remember shaking my whole body.
10,A masterpiece is different
10,I don't even know how many times I saw it. But the movie that makes me watch it again!
10,The movie that I watched enough to memorize the lines...
10,a movie that shows why it has been mentioned as a masterpiece
10,It's really a masterpiece.I strongly recommend it
10,I think King is the best movie ever!
10,I think I've seen it like 12 times. a masterpiece that one never gets tired of
10,What did I do without looking at this?
10,A must-see movie in your life
10,a film that ultimately expresses hope and freedom
10,This is the movie.
10,I'm so touched. If you haven't seen it, please watch it
10,I strongly recommend it
10,I thought it wasn't fun, but it was a twist and the acting was amazing
10,I was touched while watching it was...OOO ㅠㅠ This is the best movie in the world ㅠㅠ No words needed
10,I bought a DVD. It's touching even if you keep looking at it.
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,나는 태평양이 내 꿈에서처럼 파랬으면 좋겠다.
10,Shut up, you're the best
10,There is no need for words. If you haven't watched it, please watch it!
10,A movie that makes you realize that freedom with the best twist
10,A touching movie that made me tear up at the end!
10,a movie that you can't get enough of
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a movie that made me think again
10,The best masterpiece that lingers in my mind
10,The pleasure at the end...There really needs to be a movie like this!
10,It's been a long time since I saw it, but it's still the best movie of my life
10,I felt a lot of movies. No, it's a masterpiece.
10,Despite the long running time, I can't take my eyes off this masterpiece.
10,There were many movies that I watched two or three times. But this guy is the only movie that won't let the channel run
10,For three hours, I lived with them for 20 years.
10,the best movie
10,A masterpiece doesn't change over time
10,The best movie ever!
10,좋아요.
10,I don't need to say anything else. You're the best!
10,I wasn't bored at all watching.
10,The lingering feeling after watching the movie lasts forever
10,The amazing production, excellent story, and the acting skills of the veterans are reduced by 10 points.
10,Take a look. I can't sit on my butt while watching a movie. I watched it until the end
10,It's so nice
10,a packed film
10,A movie that lacks even the word "best." The touching of this movie is infinite.
10,I don't think there will be a movie that will outdo this movie for the rest of my life
10,I'm still touched even when I look at it again
10,A movie that makes me want to watch it again
10,a must-see movie
10,a good movie
10,A film that awakens the importance of freedom
10,There's really no need for words...
10,There's no need for words
10,This movie doesn't need a useless reticence.
9,The movie that stared blankly at the ending credits...
10,Hmm... It's fun.
10,Ah really the best ㅠㅠ
10,No matter how many times I look at it, Andy and Red's smile in the last scene is overwhelming.
10,This movie has 10 points or 1 point.Therefore, 10 points.
10,I don't watch a lot of movies, but I definitely recommend this movie.
10,It's no joke.A deep movie... Good...!!
10,Good
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I've only heard of it. This is the first time I've seen it, and it's the best A movie that lingers in my heart
10,10 out of 10!
10,You're so funny!
10,If you are looking for a movie, please watch this movie. Let's sob one side of your heart
10,I kept putting it off and finally saw it. That's good...
10,Wouldn't that be the best masterpiece? It must be a good movie anyway
10,It's the best. I've watched more than 10 episodes, but it's so touching
10,Oh... Jihuataneo...
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't feel like a waste to say that it's the best!
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I don't understand the person who gave me 1 point... No matter how many times I look at it... As expected...
10,Is there a masterpiece?This is a masterpiece
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,Why did I watch it now?
10,Even if I watch it again, it's a masterpiece~~~~~~~~~~
10,They say this is the best masterpiece
10,Shut up and this is the best movie ever.
1,I don't really
10,There is no need to give the film a rating. Just one of the most precious movies of my life,
10,You're the best! You're the best! There were no masterpieces. (Shaking)
10,It's a really good movie. It's a movie that made me experience old movies
10,It's a masterpiece that has no comparison!
10,The best movie of my life!
10,When he escaped and got rained on, my heart also felt like getting rained on.
10,I am so proud to see this movie in person at the Daehan Theater when I was in my second year of high school. I thought of standing ovation after the ending
10,Dark Knight is the biggest satisfaction. Shawshank is... the best masterpiece. You can't compare the two
10,Good, good, good
10,I'm touched even when I look at it again
10,The most memorable movie so far. There's still lingering feelingsA movie you can't miss in your life
10,A movie that I will never forget...!
10,Oh, my God! I think it's the best movie ever!
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this now. It's the best movie I've ever seen this year
10,This movie... is worse than arrogance and prejudice...Based on my standards...Highton... I think it's the best movie ever
1,Escape from prison is illegal...
10,Top
10,Personally, the best movie ever
10,The best movie of my life...I realized what true freedom is.
10,I finally saw a movie like this.
10,It's fun
10,It is the most impressive movie...
10,The movie that inevitably comes to my mind
10,I can't believe I didn't recognize such a masterpiece
10,The last scene where Red and Andy meet is really... the best!
10,This is the first movie that taught me that the touching and fun that a movie can give is so great.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,As expected... A masterpiece
10,희망은 좋은 것이다.
10,It's so good. I watched it more than 10 times
10,That's nice
10,indescribable emotion
10,the best movie
1,It's not this high
10,The best! The best! The best
10,Hope is good thing. I hope you're touched.
10,You're the best!
10,I am very lucky and honored to see this movie late.Let's see first
10,It's one of the masterpieces that you need to see throughout your life!
10,gut, exorcism
10,A movie worth 10 points!
10,Good
10,Two letters, "Freedom".Happiness itself is that we live freely now
1,It's like a soap opera
10,If you don't give me 10 points, how can you give me 10 points?
10,It's the best
10,a great movie
10,The movie that made me realize freedom clearly... It is an A+ movie.
10,I've seen him 10 times in the army alone, but every time I see him, he's moved.It's the best movie I've ever seen in 25 years
10,I didn't know that the two words "hope" touched my heart like this ^^...It's a great movie.
10,Andy's yearning for freedom. You want to give up your life. You should be inspired by this movie!
10,Ah~~ last exciting revenge. What a great movie!
10,Morgan Freeman in the lead...Do you have anything else to say?
10,I thought I was the only one who enjoyed it. As expected, you're third place ^^ No. 1 is nothing short of... The best of the best!
10,Kidding? How come this isn't number one?
10,I experienced a movie right away. Wow, you're the best
10,No words needed.
10,This is a real movie...
10,It's more fun than Titanic.
10,I'm so lucky to see this movie before the army.
10,I didn't know that once I saw it. I don't know if it's such a great movie. The more I see it, the more I understand why it's a masterpiece.
10,It's a movie that doesn't have a counterargument
10,That's awesome. Ha ha. The best movie of my life was just released today.
10,be a masterpiece forever
10,It's a great story no matter how many times I watch it
10,10 points isn't enough
10,It's the best.
10,One of the best movies of my life that I can't get enough of! This is what a movie is like
10,I feel like my soul is getting older.
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen in my life. I really want to recommend this movie
10,It's the best.
10,Best movie I want to give 11 points to
10,A movie that people must watch once in their lives
10,I'm not lying, but I watched it 30 or 45 times.
10,Movie mania is a movie that you should watch at least once.
10,the best movie of my life
10,Of course, 10 points... a film with endless lessons
10,ㅠㅠ..the best movie ever...!!! Please watch it Everyone, 10 out of 10 is not a waste!
10,The movie that touched my heart deeply... I was so touched when I met Morgan Freeman ㅜㅜ
10,10 out of 10
10,Endless touching...
10,Good
8,It's fun. It's a bit touching
9,Send it now, it's not 10 for me.
10,I really enjoyed watching it ^^
10,It's fun. I wondered why it's not famous. It was fun
10,Look, look, look, look.
10,The movie is the best that reminds us how precious the two words are
10,I strongly recommend a movie that will touch your heart no matter how many times you watch it
10,A masterpiece is unforgettable.
10,I think I've seen it 10 times more on cable TV. I'll watch it's...
10,You didn't watch it? Then watch it!
10,As expected, I think that Korean movies are still far away. Calm touching ㅠㅠ
10,A masterpiece that I watch whenever I rerun "Tea Secretary"
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,A movie that everyone should watch at least once
10,It's a masterpiece that will remain calm and touching. I hope to learn Korean movies too.
9,I really liked the happy ending of the respected Morgan Freeman masterpiece^^
10,Shawshank is super fun, but the Dark Knight is a dog's of crap
10,It's new to see you again as an adult. So good!
8,It's worth watching... Not perfect
10,The movie I've been looking for
10,Persistence, hope and freedom...I recommend this over Forest Gump, which came out the same year
10,In search of freedom
9,Hope never goes away^^
10,Live a busy life or die a busy life.
10,I want to give it a full score.
10,A masterpiece that makes the word hope linger in your head
10,If it was a movie that made me think about many things while watching it, I am regretting seeing this masterpiece now
10,Wow, it makes me reflect on my life
10,It's a masterpiece where you can feel true freedom!
1,It's fun
10,It just happened to be a masterpiece
10,94 years...I'll see you again in 2008.The movie that I watched as an adult was really teary-eyed
