매트릭스
6,
1,I can't believe I'm insulting the Matrix this way. Cursing is all I can say. B-rated movies are a waste. C-rated movies are a waste
6,That's scary... That era is approaching
1,It's really boring and boring. When asked what the Matrix was, he said, "What are you dragging around and spinning and dragging? There's not much to watch in the action scenes and the story itself is boring
5,After graduating from university, I went to graduate school and it felt like I was solving a problem in the first grade of elementary school. Times have changed too much It may have been a shock, but it's too analog to look at in this day and age.
2,Why is this funny? There's no movie to follow the Terminator
4,Personally, I was a little bored.
1,You can only make this much with good materials? Tsk, tsk
6,I made it well, but it was disappointing
3,What's this poo movie? Ski?
2,Why didn't you kiss the switch?
1,I looked at the rating and it wasn't good.Shawshank escape is 100 times better
3,
6,......- I don't think it gave me a huge impact as a generation of people who have seen Transformers in movies since elementary school.
1,
2,Nam Joo looked familiar, so I thought for a long time. It turns out that Geonhu's life spoiler imagination is great, but I don't understand the content well...ㅜ I'm sorry
5,I watched it with high expectations because it was a famous movie. But it was a movie that fell short of my expectations. There are some movies that satisfy your expectations, but this movie must not have been that kind of movie. Red or blue? Philosophical questions had depth, but that was all. It wasn't funny the way you dragged your thoughts. And that orientalism. That's like a director who shot a ninja scene
1,It's a movie with a rating of 10 but I'm an attention seeker who says no when everyone says yes, so I leave a rating of 1. I want attention, please pay attention to me.
1,I had a good night's sleep at the 4DX theater Thank you. That's not funny
1,Watch it on OCN...
4,It's not fun. It's so boringI was looking forward to the re-release, but the resolution was bad
1,It's my first time to run out of the movie because he's so handsome.K
2,It's not that fun A movie that's all about avoiding guns
1,simulated farmer and herdsman
1,How can I watch it again when it's not fun?
6,매트릭스..
1,니클로와 항공모비국가 연도
1,It really doesn't suit me.
5,I don't like movies that hurt my head
1,It's not fun. It's for killing time
1,It's not funny. It's not dirty
1,After Clementine, I was fooled again. I only shot and ended
5,I don't like this kind of movie. I don't know why I saw it.
1,The movie itself is philosophical
6,It's kind of boring and the background doesn't really relate
2,Why do I feel this isn't funny? Someone please explainㅠㅠ Please..
5,It's a brilliant idea when you think of 1999 but that's it. I think the background is green filter, the color is weird, and honestly, the CG is a bit... And at the end, romance... It's a bit... I knew it. I don't know why I put it in. Inception is much better.
1,I don't know why Godfather, Leon, Terminator, Matrix, Lord of the Rings is a masterpiece and it's not funny. I even saw Matrix and Lord of the Rings. And I don't think that's something I don't know much about movies. There are many masterpieces.
1,It's worth 5 points for a canoe
3,Nice try, but now that I think about it, I should have ended up with Matrix 1
1,That's too much It's not that big of a deal
6,You never miss love games. If it were not for love play, I could give you 8 points, but only 6 points. A kiss like a sleeping princess and a frog prince will bring the dead back to life!
6,I wasn't familiar with this kind of movie, so I couldn't understand the content properly.Shocking images of reality that are completely different from the virtual world are certainly memorable.After watching the movie and hearing the detailed explanation, it is a pity to know that it is a great work.
1,Do people who praise such low-quality movies like this even watch director Shim Hyung-rae's "D-War"? Tsk tsk. That's why people feel like they have to learn.
5,The material was excellent, and it wasn't bad considering the CG treatment and action year. At that time, he had such an idea that he had such a good double-track and ability to solve it, but the movie was a romantic movie like "The Last Return" Let's go back and say what's important. Are you kidding me?
5,If the novel Ring 3 came out earlier and the Matrix was surprised to the point of shock because it was amazing, the novel Ring 3 goes far away.
6,overrated well-made action movie
6,Maybe it's because I knew the ending. It's just so-soㅜ I'm sorry
1,It's very personal, but it's funny. ?
1,It's similar to other action movies. The rating of 8.3 is just right
4,This movie is one of the top five? One of the overrated movies. All the new ideas that I think are new are just some kind of movie that comes from Japan. Shell Maneuver, Ring 3, Avaron, etc. If you look through the later works of the Wachowski, you'll see for sure.
2,I paid and downloaded it from NAVER, but why isn't the subtitle service available? ㅠㅠ 이게 What is this?
1,With many and many efficient energy sources, it is hard to understand why humans should be used as nutrients. The setting that miracles happen because it's "the child of prophecy" is also corny
1,I don't understand why it's so high
2,Guys, we're in the Matrix world right now Let's open our eyes
3,What a boring, boring movie. It's not a reality-based movie anyway, but it doesn't make sense to suddenly come back to life with a kiss. The first episode is the best? If it's this much, I should hurry up and go erase the 2nd and 3rd episodesHaha
1,I accept the setting, CG, and shooting skills, but other than that...
2,The score is too generous. 7 points
1,A Korean drama movie where life is reversed in one kiss, but the content was the best, but the rating was so fraudulent that I was so jealous that I gave 1 point, which is actually 10 points
1,After all, is there a way to know the truth other than the five senses? All thoughts come from the five senses. Even in the movie, the answer didn't even seem to be lost.
3,I watched it again yesterday and it was so childish. It's a jjamppong movie made with all sorts of things. Considering the release year, I gave a star rating to the action score.
6,It's a difficult movie to understand, and the way the story unfolds is quite boring.
1,Keanurib is cool♥
1,A ridiculous movie... Imagination recognizes and gives 1 point.
1,Please, let's not make a movie out of this.
1,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words, but I think the rating is too high Let's lower it a bit
1,What's wrong with this?
1,I don't feel anything special.The colorful action is worth watching, but overall, it feels like a cartoon.
5,The cringe-worthy Oracle...
1,I fell asleep while watching this. Am I weird?
4,I guess I was looking forward to it too much~~~ HJ: Yes
6,It's a movie where there's a lot of plagiarism.  Some Japanese animations are completely plagiarized and are the result of a jittery compilation.  The genius of the Wachowski brothers and sisters?  Don't make me laugh.  You can see from the quick closing of the series to put an end to the controversy. What do you mean genius?
1,Giroud
1,a near-perfect movie
1,Scenario in which new elementary students who bought computers are perfectly possessed by rotten attack in their dreams★The composition of OOs, who can't even avoid BB bullets in real life, seems to be soaked in the bed matrix~♥ Perfect sleepiness without sleeping pills~● A movie that's perfect for high school film festivals~■
1,I just don't know what it's about.I think the rating is too high
6,I wonder if action is meaningful.
1,I know it's a masterpiece, but it's boring
1,...................I don't believe you
1,a self-defeating movie
1,LOL
3,I was watching this and why I was bored until 1 hour and 10 minutes, but I stopped twice and slept ㅜㅜ
4,I don't know why it's so high.
1,The idea of the movie is sensational relativism, which is not great or novel. tried to be speculative in many ways, but eventually at the level of introductory remarks. In addition, where did the macho imagination of saving mankind with it come from?
6,Keanuribs is so beautiful
1,I don't know what to say. It was so boring. It is the first movie that I can't understand
1,An Enemy- a film of Satan
5,The New World of SF Movies
5,A movie about Christian thought. Only Agent Smith's character is memorable.
6,I had a good imagination, but it didn't really hit home
1,The truth is about 8.5 points. It's too high, so I'm going to lower it. Don't curse. It's not a movie
5,The movie was amazing at the time of its release, but I don't think it's right now
1,It's just a coincidence
1,Pay off your debt to the Orient
5,I don't know why the rating is so high
1,Oh, it's not funny except for a few action scenes. It's not boring, it's not childish, it's not playing games--
5,I don't understand
6,나빠
1,a big-time movie
1,I can't just praise the fun
4,I'm so impressed.
1,I don't like the fact that it's full of 10 points, so 1 point
1,100 times more fun while listening to King Kong
1,I'm a fan of national universities누I don't know who did it, but I'm sorry
6,It's just so-so. National University
1,Let's love Korean movies The national team is the best!
1,The score is too high for the national team...
1,The eight point range is appropriate
1,I slept after 5 minutes
1,Unbelievable story... The national team is the best!
1,Long live the national team
1,The national team is the best... Hollywood movie = movie with money all right?
1,The national team is much more interesting
1,Hooray for the national team!
1,The national team is the best!
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
1,I think the rating is too high.
1,It's so boring.
6,It was worth watching. The first part was so boring.lol
1,Let's cut it for the 2nd and 3rd episodes
1,It was a good movie. But let's cut it a little bit
1,The brain doesn't work, it's a movie that you watch with your eyes. No more trash
1,I stopped watching this, but it's a bit high
6,I don't like it.. =_=
1,Oh, it's so boring and boring. I tried to endure it, but it didn't last 40 minutes.
6,The content was a bit difficult and boring...But eat at least one action.2 was the best for me.
4,Great movie but no detailed explanation
1,Good
1,Honestly, I... I don't know if this movie is rated this high.T
1,It's not that
1,Why is everyone saying 10? Is there anyone like me? ㅠㅠㅠ
2,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it
1,Maybe it's just a movie that's worth watching, but it's an overrated movie.
1,It doesn't make sense
1,a sickbed
1,To be honest, I didn't understand it and it wasn't fun
1,... I have nothing to say...
1,This much?
1,Good
1,Good
1,It's not that
1,It's so... How should I say this? a movie that is very much
1,I don't like this
1,a few days later
1,It's not that
6,It was refreshing and shocking, but I think it was overrated.
6,Excellent but somewhat overrated
2,It's pretty good Is it one of the best action movies?
1,It's the worst
1,..it was boring
1,I wonder if the rumors were too great
1,It's fun
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,Anticipated story...T
1,Complex configuration
1,It was a difficult movie to understand
1,It's not as good as the score
1,The rating is so high
5,Even after the movie, I can't organize the plot because it's a fantasy movie.
1,What the hell is it about?
1,What do you mean this isn't fun?
2,I don't like it.
1,I didn't think it was funny
6,Even so, it's a Japanese animation film
2,It didn't suit me.
1,a movie that has nothing to watch except a bend in the waist
1,Was it that fun?
1,a separate film
6,Why do I not like this kind of movie?
1,I don't think I'll ever be in the top ranks of this movie
6,Did I watch it too late?
5,I don't know why it's high...;
6, attract, invite, lure
1,Everything about the world view and philosophy is a great movie. It's meaningless.
6,a shambolic ensemble of simulacion and orientalism
3,Oh, I don't like it. There was no excitement.
5,It's just
3,I watched the movie twice, but it was a pity that's too bad.
5,Why am I not good? Is it because I haven't seen it before?
1,People have different senses and values^^
4,I didn't like the world view of this movie
1,I don't remember anything except slow motion
1,If it's an action page, the content is not fun...I want to watch a boring movie again.
1,a poor work
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,Honestly, other than action...
1,The movie itself is childish. I don't know the other side.
1,It's childish
1,Totally childish
1,Hello, I'm from Shawshank Escape.
6,Other than a few new visuals,
1,I don't understand why the score is so high
1,Ratings--; Is this funny? 7 points is appropriate
5,Even though it is plagiarism, it is a competition with depth, interpretation, and direction.Best SF in existence
1,Why the hell am I not jamming the Matrix?;
6,It seems significant but it's not.
1,Why am I the only one who's not funny? Bored to the point of going to smoke while watching..
1,Let's lower the rating
1,I can't believe this is number one.The Shawshank Escape is a masterpiece.
1,I don't like action
1,It's just a movie like that, but it's not a movie that's going to get first place, right?
6,A good movie. A good movie. I don't understand...
5,I don't know what you're talking about. It was worth watching, but I don't know about the scene where we fight in uniforms.
1,Bubble
1,The only movie you can see is spending money on CG
1,It's not my cup of tea
1,Top
3,There's no content, but it's like Sikwan with action in religious code.
6,Glamorous action, a question of existence - but childish - Neo, I trust you!Oh, my god
1,The only thing I can put forward is action.
6,That's the metric
6,It's one of the disappointing movies
1,The Chronicles of Narnia, Lord of the Rings, Matrix...I don't like this kind of like this.
4,Why is this movie boring to me? I heard it's all fun.
1,What are you?
1,This isn't right This isn't right
1,It's funny how people who don't read a book of philosophy talk about philosophy
1,Sensitive Sf action
2,It's my responsibility not to understand.
6,It was fun, but something was missing.
1,It's not as good as Terminator.
1,an elusive movie
4,I know what it's about, but... Honestly, it was boring.
6,There are not many action movies that are less than I expected.The content is different...
1,I don't like it
1,I don't like this movie... -_-
1,It's kind of boring...
1,Am I the only one who got bored? -ㅜ
6,Look at philosophy, but all you see is action
1,What's this?
1,It's the worst
5,Even if I wanted to give you a good rating, because of Star Wars EP1, which was released that year...
6,A movie that wasn't as good as I thought
1,It wasn't good for me
1,idea
6,I don't think there should have been a sequel. Now it's a long story to turn around.
1,Later, everyone laughed and suddenly it became a comedy movie
1,not much
3,The most overrated, money-making action movie of all time
6,I don't know... a slow-mode action movie with no real answer
5,The story was hard and the American handicraft action was...
1,I'm not...
6,an excellent sf effect The first part is interesting.
6,The first episode was great
1,I don't really...
1,ㅌㅌ
1,Overpackaged... Commercial American Manshay movie...
3,Hmm, I don't remember slow motion
1,Two childish Americans who like Japanese Annie.
3,Whiteism
1,Special effects
