공동경비구역 JSA
6,
6,I enjoyed the movie.
1,Everyone was so bad at acting that it was hard to focus on the content. It was made in 2000, so we should take that into consideration, right? 더 How did you make the pile so obvious? No matter how many people die, can every soldier's butt spread like under a dumpling?
1,the climax of a far-fetched new drama
6,공동경비구역
2,
1,It was the beginning of the collapse of the sense of security awareness
4,Poor fellow Warding. Only Kim Kwang Seok's songs are left
1,
2,I looked forward to it because the rating was high, but it's disgusting that the forced production and the North Korean beautification are all over the place, and the soldiers play with the bullets and play with the bullets
1,I just watched it, but why is it a movie that glorifies redness?It was annoying to see that South Korea was described as wrong. North Korea came out like a big man
2,I can't concentrate because of her bad actingT
1,Wow, this movie is a symbol of the left wing of the Democratic Party, the hero of our people!This movie is dedicated to our great Moon Jae In ㅠI cried while watching it three times in a row crying
5,19 years ago, when I was a kid, I didn't know how to watch it, but now that I see it, it's a movie with a left personality...
1,It is a movie that helped people realize the importance of security threats through the Yeonpyeong Battle and the 2006 Cheonan nuclear test. If you watch this movie, you can see the true story of the Korean people
6,To be honest, Lee Young-ae's Korean English pronunciation that doesn't match her character completely breaks her immersion...
2,The movie is an authentication of the left-wing culture, and the content itself is a friendly Korean people in North Korea, but it intentionally makes the South Korean selfish people feel like they only knew themselves and shot them first
1,It's red! It's red!
5,Left-wing South Koreans claim that they had a crush on North Korea and shared a passionate love. Park Chan-wook's dark history.
1,I have been to the army, but I don't understand why Lee Byung-hun has no one to play with in his later years, so let's not forget that North Korea is our main enemy
3,It was more loose and boring than I expected
2,I thought something big happened at the guard post that day, but I just got caught by my boss.Everyone compliments about the emptiness. I don't know if it's because the movie is so advanced, but it was really boring. And Lee Young-ae's acting was terrible
5,It's exactly what they ate in the early 2000s.There is no comparison with movies at this level.
1,It's a perfect movie, but... Don't make a movie like this. Right now, war is an enemy that must kill and kill each other.
1,Park Hee, I heard you're a mean pro-Japanese group
6,capture the emotions of the moment
5,The legendary movie that the staff made
2,문재인문재인문재인문재인
1,I don't understand why the movie rating is so high. Lee Young-ae's acting was too much and it bothered me
1,If you think about it differently, the military thinks that it is the "last vacation" before going to society. Working in the public interest has a lot of time and many advantages, but I think there are many benefits from military life.
5,It is a movie that expresses the tragedy of division, but other factors interfere with concentration.
1,A movie that glamorizes the red
1,It's not a big movie.
6,I can't concentrate because I think two South Korean soldiers will go to Aoji.
5,I think Tarantino just did lip service.
1,How would it feel if the bereaved families of the victims of the Battle of Yeonpyeong, which took place during the Kim Dae Jung period in the early 2000s, saw it? As a middle school student at the time of its release, I was just moved, but now that I think about it, it would have been amazing to see a movie that glorifies the enemy who killed his children. The cruelty of the left is
6,A bad movie I don't want to see again.
6,The story line is so unfortunate
1,I want to hit you in the joint security zone. How dare you...
1,It was a movie that came out when I was a middle school student. I don't think this kind of movie should ever come out again
1,You have to kill the red
1,Emotional arm and too unrealistic. How can military boundaries be so sloppy? And no matter how neutral you investigate, do you step on the border? Lee Young-ae ruined everything. The English pronunciation was like a moron and the acting was rubbish. Why are you holding onto it when you don't smoke?
1,The director seems to have expressed too kindly the North Korean Red Army, the main enemy of the Republic of Korea, and even expressed sympathy. ㅉㅉ
5,What the hell was the last time the gun was taken?
1,The reality of the movie that glorifies the North Pole is very low
1,You like the sound of friendship with the North Koreans. I saw it when I was a student, but I was also dumbfounded. It turned out to be typical good guys, the North Korean government is what we hate, not the North Korean people. In the event of war, it's the ordinary people who say they don't know anything about it that eventually stabs us in the chest
1,I want to give you 0 points, but this is the lowest
3,It's a good work, but it's a re-release.
1,A lot of trash. Nuclear public out!
1,I want to give 11 points, not 1 point!
1,Park Chan-wook, a Korean brynd palma, wants to see a pure creative work. It's a copy of MacRyan's Curry Underfire.The level of domestic visitors...Hah!
1,Did Lee Byung-hun at this time know if he would marry Lee Min-jung and cause a scandal?
5,I remember enjoying the movie. I'm looking forward to seeing it again. But it doesn't seem like the right time to come out North Korea threatened with landmine provocation and war provocation, but why is such a movie suddenly coming out???
1,It is the first time that a landmine that explodes when stepped on and removed does not exist in the military. Every mine explodes as soon as it is stepped on.
6,I can't see her again because of her acting skills.
1,I can't really relate to anything.
5,I can't really relate to the ridiculous default setting.
1,It's so boring and simple to watch now
5,In violation of the military law, it was paved with emotional weapons, glorifying the stain that the South Korean army crossed the North
1,Amazing movie! It's fun!
1,d
1,I just feel sorry for people who are accustomed to Korean movies
6,I don't know if director Park Chanwook's movie doesn't suit me... It's not bad, but it's a shame that I'm expecting Salchu or Old Boy class.
6,You're so into it.be an old boy in Park Chan-wook's workThis is the note
1,The unreasonable setting of soldiers crossing the line to the north is that they violate the military law. What a waste of actors' acting skills.
6,What breaks trust? It's a heartbreaking move
1,a film that glorifies wrongdoing The reality is nothing but tragedy.
1,What do you mean far away ;;
6,Um... masterpiece...?
1,I don't like it
5,The rating is too high;;;;;
1,I don't like it
1,The scene where the four of us meet and play together is somewhat uncomfortable to see, unrealistically fictional, huhu
1,be too generous in rating
6,I watched it because I thought it was a masterpiece.Everything started with Lee Byung-hun shooting his colleagues
1,It's a masterpiece
1,It is so by now.
1,If it's real, it's like a war A drama that the army filmed as a playground?I don't want to kill myself again!Cheers!
1,You don't have to tell me.The eight point range is appropriate
1,Choco Pie ^^
6,It's just normal...
5,When are people posting it in 2009? LOL
5,a good scenario Waste of Kim Kwang-seok. patriotic marketing
5,a dangerous game
1,Honestly, it's an animation. There's nothing new
1,Eight points
1,It's a movie that doesn't even waste illegal download packets
1,I don't like Lee Young-ae, but she was so pretty here
6,Then
1,It's not a rating Even so.
4,Too much sentimentalism is intrusive...Is it because Park Chanwook is still young?
6,It was fun
6,It's not funny. It was just so-so.
5,Is it because I was expecting too much because of the box office? a very disappointing film
1,It's really not funny or touching
5,I don't know why the rating is so high
1,The lower person's ID is cool guy and agrees with that.
1,Great movie but I don't understand being above the last emperor
1,......That's not fun.
1,It's an overrated movie, really; the low eight is right.
1,Overrated movie...7 points is just right.
1,It's clumsy...
1,I've never seen such a boring movie
6,I couldn't really relate to it.It's just cruel.
1,I'm sure the guys who gave me 10 points are junior college or local petty--;
5,It reminded me of Song Kang-ho's presence in the movie.
5,A picture of the ending makes me feel a lot
1,It's too plain for me... I don't want to see it again
1,hate the army
1,Not really
5,Let's defeat the North Korean army!
1,It's a long way to the end. Too destructive
4,Honestly, I don't really...
4,I personally don't agree with the movie...;;;
1,I doze off every time I see this
6,Director Park Chanwook, why are you forcing me to be moved?
6,He expressed his wild imagination well.
5,It just hit the box office in time.
6,The tragedy of reality in North and South Korea...I feel this
6,A sad movie that caused a stir not long after it was screened
4,It's so boring...
1,Where should I laugh? It's confusing
5,Will this movie be on the Gunbari recommendation list or not?
1,I don't think it's worth watching because it's not fun and it's a movie.
1,a great disappointment
1,It's an annoying production that goes back and forth.--ㅡㅡ
1,Park Chan-wook likes extreme situations only.
1,To be honest, I didn't think much of it
5,Park Chan-wook changed to a new movie. His wit has increased, but his sensitivity has also increased.
2,It's just as fizzling out as the actors' immature performances.
6,It was much worse than I thought. Especially for me.
2,It's like you're being overrated.It's like a piece of cake
6,I wasn't that impressed
1,The wrong person came up instead of Lee Byung-hun.
6,Does Park have to show "human instinctive wickedness" even on inter-Korean themes?
1,I saw it many times on TV.Is this movie successful because of marketing?
1,A movie that only reminds me of Kim Kwang Seok
5,I think it's okay to kill time.
5,As expected, Korean movies showed progress.However, I am very disappointed.to have something plain
5,Honestly, I don't like it. Why does the director seem to have no individuality even though he is too self-conscious?
6,Comedy delusions of grandeur!
4,......Song Kang-ho doesn't die.
4,It's so sad. I was so sad to kill Lee Byung Hun and Song Kang Ho at the end
