지상의 별처럼
6,I have a touching chord, but I made it too boring in the middle. There are some great scenes, but I can see a lot of forced tears, so I'm distracted. A film for Amir Khan
6,Indian movies are almost exaggerated hope, unrealistic, and I was really touched by this movie when I was young, but now that I see it, it seems like a Korean weekday drama
5,It feels like it's in the moral book appendix
1,key link price of Republican and fervent national defence
6,A movie that would be good to show as a group in elementary school...I tried to portray that children were children in the end, but they were outstanding children in the end. The contradiction that ended up with Rome...
4,A long and boring account of the obvious story. And the solution to the problem is so shabby and regrettable.
2,Humanitarian version of the poet who killed... It's too obvious
1,It's not enough. a waste of time
1,I trust Indian movies and skip them
3,I can't get into it because of the Indian movie's peculiar vice of music popping out during the story
5,Varieties of Bollywood, India, that feature a common theme.
1,People are weird... I don't like it.
1,Psycho glorification. Special doesn't mean you can be free from rules and ethics. I thought my child changed throughout the movie. There seemed to be a problem with personality rather than genius, and movie nostalgia comes to mind.I don't like the composition of the movie or the scenario
6,Unlike "Three Idiots," it consists of simple and trite stories, not various stories. Isn't a great teacher like Nickumb? Respect each individual's individuality and develop a variety of different aptitudes. There is nothing special about the movie.
1,It's obvious, but it's boring because it's made too long.I can't really relate to it, and I can see the conclusion from the beginningK
5,Lessons but no fun?
1,The story is too corny
3,It's just a normal story. An Indian movie that doesn't fit the mood. The greasiness, boredom, and awkwardness
5,When Amir Khan came out, I looked forward to a delightful and instructive movie like the three idiots, and I don't know if it was instructive, but it was a bit boring. Compared to three idiots, he was bored and less immersed.
1,I know roughly what kind of content and how it will flow, but I can't go past the first 30 minutes. a great deal of course. It's hard to bear the dull weather on this holiday.
5,You have to admit that it's boring and it doesn't seem like a movie that's as good as the rating here. It feels like a movie is not this or that?
6,I'm bored. I'm trying to impress and enlighten the three idiots after their box office success. I'm bored. The wife of the male lead is someone else, and I'd rather see three idiots again than watch this
4,We've waited for 2 hours and a half for 10 minutes.If you're looking forward to three idiots, what's this?I think it'll work
5,If you looked at the three idiots and looked forward to it, the expectations would be shattered.
6,Humanity... Other than that, it's hard to find in movies...
5,Running time 2 hours and 30 minutes... It was touchingI think I saw a lot of things
1,It's proof that there are three idiots working part-time
1,Really... part-timers... That's awesome...For two and a half hours... Puzzled...
1,It's a movie that's ruined
4,a good film It would have been better if it was edited in a compact way.
1,That wasn't good ^^................
3,The lesson is, like a shooting star
6,The problem with Indian films is revealed. But it's worth seeing.
1,It's an obvious movie
1,What?
1,I am bored. Among the 1 point points, all Korean movies have 10 points, M window
1,I was tricked by a part-timer
1,Don't look... Please... It's really not fun...T
1,Emotional democratization
5,Personally, it's very boring
1,A country where good films are clichéed and rated high.It's like the Republic of Korea.
6,I was a fan of Amir Khan, so I went to watch it with high expectations. The overall color and OST were good, but since the mid-to-late (after Amir Khan's appearance), something boring set-up and material came out, so I came out with regret at the endㅠㅠㅠ
1,It's annoying if you're being too clingy. You have to do it to a certain extent.
1,I know the message from the movie, but it's really cliche.Please stop crying.ㅜㅜ
1,It's really not fun to get Indian movies because of their high ratings.Some people admire him
