아저씨
1,I watched it late on Netflix, but it's really not good!It's obvious that Won Bin and the other members are wearing wigs.
2,a film exaggeration that falls short of expectations
4,If you look at it now... It's a killing time movie that's not that interesting
6,I enjoyed watching "Korean Taken."
4,It's a movie that I enjoyed watching.But... But... I don't like it because I come out on the movie channel too often.  Please stop showing me. I'm so sick of it Won Bin doesn't even shoot movies except for you
5,How do you embrace a wounded soul?
6,It's the 20th time to listen to the song.I know why Won Bin doesn't watch movies! Heewon, Sungoh, Taehoon, Yeongchang, and Grandma acted 80% weirdlyI knew I couldn't rub it in.Won Bin's acting is an autumn fairy tale movie version?lol
6,어디선가 온 사나이
5,Plagiarism is fine! !
6,Where is there a man like this?
1,As an ordinary person, not a fan of Won Bin, the story is really trash
6,He started pressing down on the guy next door! This is bulletproof glass!
2,My score is 12 points...!! Even in 2021, it's a sophisticated action!
6,I saw it because the rating was good.I'm disappointed because it feels like I'm watching a movie from the era of Joo Yoon-bal behind me. However, the action for a few minutes in the second half was amazing, so the rating was raised.
2,It's childish now. Special forces? Won Bin's army only goes back and forth to the priest's hospital I was discharged from the army.
1,Won Bin, honestly, I think you're an actor who has no manners towards your fans I became a star thanks to the fans' support, but I have not been working for 10 years, but I think I am making money and eating and running
4,There are so many people who can't act in between ㅠㅠㅠ He's not a bad actor, but his lines are so childish ㅠㅠ He's so childish that he can't even listen to his lines. He's like a movie without action. He's a movie with action and action and Won Bin saved all saved it
4,It was more fun because it was a real story.
5,Won Bin's halo is amazing.
5,Won Bin's jawline is going to break his neck if he grinds it.
6,It's fun every time I watch it, but it's kind of a bummer that the two detectives act like crap, and if the detective walks away, it's a perfect movie
2,Change the title to the top model
4,With Cha Tae-sik, Korea's population density will decrease
2,Somi got the most benefits
6,That's so cruel ㅠㅠ How many people die?
1,Change the title of "Eye-Eye-Eye-Eye"
1,I was surprised that it was not the quality of a Korean movie, but it was a takedown movie
5,Too cruel a macho movie. It's WONBIN and I don't care. Terrible.
1,The movie itself is interestingHowever, it is regrettable that there is no sexy actress
1,The overpackaged male character is not impressed
1,Honestly, the story, lines, and screen changes are all terrible works. But action, and the actor's performance. As if these two saved everything
1,I'm sorry. I don't know if the movie, Im Kwon Seon Jin Ak, catharsis, is so good. Actually, the boundaries between good and bad are ambiguous.Won Bin, I can tell from this. It's just visual, but I don't have acting skills
6,Won Bin is cool no matter what he does.
5,The obvious movie Ma Dong-seok will have to make a difference now
2,Did you really have fun?
6,Won Bin's last movie. It's been almost 10 years
6,Every time I see it, I don't understand, I get hit by a truck when my wife is in a car. In the general road of our country, at right angles? And when I buy baby goods, I usually put them together.I needed some inevitable scene, but it's a little bit.Anyway, I like them all, but that scene was a bit too much
6,I can't stand it. too cruel
2,I saw Johnwick 3 and I can feel the difference in class^_^
1,That's so cheesy. You're the one who only lives tomorrow, you're going to die by the one who only lives today? What are you talking about?
6,The action scene is indisputable, although the ostentatious lines are intrusive
6,Scarface, Leon, and Taken are reminiscent, but Won Bin of Korea is definitely beautiful. Longing for a true movie star who blew up his 30s and didn't appear in front of us.
6,Exclusive possession of superheroes in the dichotomy of good and evil
4,It's a pretty good action. It's sake
1,I'm going to sue the people involved for this movieBecause of this movie, my insomnia got so badI watch it ten times a year. It's so annoying
6,Colorful action with an unnecessary story. an easy standard perhaps
6,Won Bin looks like me no matter how much I look at him. You're me and I'm older. ^^
4,The acting is good, but it's too cruel to my taste.
6,I don't like the two supporting detectives
2,I'm nosy.Kalshaum is good.Qingqing Chaeng Chaeng... I am childish and like BSS, but cool.m cool.
6,The movie that was worth watching. It's similar to TAKEN
6,It's so much fun. A spy even in this movie
1,It's a really good movie. It's so much fun
1,If you learn how to play Carly Arnis and Pencaxilat from this, you think you'll be able to catch a majority? I can't catch it
5,To be honest, I think the story of this movie is too simple and the only good thing is the action scene. In the end, it's nothing more than a movie that makes Won Bin float
2,If it wasn't Won Bin but another actor? The main character's emotional line, Noihae
1,a contrived and predictable story
6,He seems to have captured the excessive setting and miscellaneous scenes with one actor named Won Bin.
4,I think it's a movie made with Leon's motif. The most important relationship between Leon and Matilda is not seen in the film. With this in mind, you can see why the movie has four stars if you watch it again.
1,No, seriously. Is this fun?
6,A guy who starred in the thriller movie Won Bin's acting skills in 2010
6,It was a movie for Won Bin.
6,Uncle (X) -> Won Bin (O)
1,Well made commercial movie. It's a good eight-point movie to watch, but 9.2 is a little too much.But if you watched it well. The OST is good, too
3,It's so cruel. ㅠㅠT보고I feel sad and sad because I cry and I think it's 39+ years old.
1,A movie that is overrated by Won Bin. The story itself is just a common cliché action movie
1,How can you live by advertising?
6,Man on Fire, Uncle Taken
1,a superficial and insincere movie
1,A movie that middle and high school students will love
4,Watch "Man On Fire" and watch "Man On Fire". "Man On Fire" is a shameful movie
6,I saw everything. This is a masterpiece with 9 points? Won Bin is also a talent for being handsome, but the 9.21 rating is too much.The fact that the detectives in the movie cursed at them like they were reading a Korean book was really bothering me all the time. I think this is more correct for the critic's
1,It's not fun. Just say it's a dog plate
1,The action is good, but there are a lot of childish things. And the atmosphere that belittles Korea...  Won Bin can't get out of this movie
3,A movie that doesn't leave Won Bin's haircut is not memorable. Why? The movie is messy, I don't know what he's talking about, and he's not very good at acting.
6,A movie that relies only on the appearance and action scenes of the main actor. As you can see from the results of the director's next movie, "The Man Who Cries," "The Man Who Cries" is just a lucky man who appeared in the Korean movie recession, not a masterpiece.
1,Overrated movie...Won Bin's ruthless action acting is refreshing, but the setting of the man trying to save the girl is not convincing...
4,Boring, contrived, not worth seeing
1,Leon's copy cat, Real Luda
1,It's just Won Bin's one-man show... It was worth seeing, but the rating was too high.
5,Keanu Reeves Johnwick's sublime Johnwick, and people who've seen you will agree
3,The man crying is both absurd story, but I like the man crying more.
5,Won Bin's face. He's been acting for over 10 years, and he's been acting so bad.
1,I thought I was going to die because it was so cheesy. You put a lot of effort into the excessive setting. Are you filming a music video?
6,The movie that Won Bin showed a new side of the actor
5,Won Bin, aren't you being too mean as an actor?You're taking a break after thisSeven years off
1,Detective color 2. They're pretending to be cool
1,Two detectives are really bad at acting. Don't say you're going to learn somewhere. You stinkers.
1,If I didn't say it was the Korean version of "Taken," I wouldn't even give it a point.
6,Love, pain, communion, awakening, love. Won Bin narcissism dancing on the flute
6,Why is this more than 9 points?   Won Bin is the only one handsome.
5,Won Bin's one-man show. It's a Hollywood action movie that shoots a lot of movies, but it looks special with Won. That's all. It is regrettable that the narratives expected from beginning to end are like mass-produced fantasy novels.
2,The cops don't do anything, but they're acting like shit.
4,Won Bin and the main actors acting awkwardly. It was hard to watch until the end
1,I could see a reality that was different from my reality, but my thoughts were so different from the movie that I felt uncomfortable and there were so many provocative scenes I don't think it's a good movie for mental health It was hard throughout the movie.
1,Cruel, violent and bad for mental health
1,Rating... Of course, Won Bin is cool
2,Look at the level of the kimchi guys. The amount of time to move... The amount of time to move... The movie formula made in 1990 in Hong Kong
6,This movie seems to be overrated.
1,Overrated movie...Won Bin's ruthless action acting is refreshing, but the setting of the man trying to save the girl is not convincing...
6,Too much idealism, too much reality. A work that covered with Won Bin's appearance and action...
1,Leon's plagiarism... Too bad he didn't get 0 points
1,The final weapon Hwall is also being accused of apocalypto plagiarism, but why is this called descent plagiarism? It's a revenge play where you get shot in the stomach and self-break it Does Hwall know Park Haeil and Won Bin?Korean movies are all plagiarism
1,Kim Saeron's bad acting. From a child to a grown-up role, she's always bad acting consistently. The gangster acting is also like a local bully, and it's just a movie for Won Bin. I don't understand that it's rated higher than "I Saw the Devil" released at the same time.
1,It's good and fun, but it's not a grade
6,Well, it was just so-so. I don't know the difference from the eye candy movie. I think it would have come closer if there was another lyrical actor, not Won Bin.
1,No answer movie... The main character's buff is awesome
1,Won Bin, you're not doing anything. Hurry up and act as an actor. Then the 1 point will be changed back to 10 points
6,an action movie for a killing time Thanks to Won Bin, I think I'm overrated. Action is worth watching.
5,The movie is fun, but I still don't understand why Won Bin went to save Somi. So I give you 5 points
6,A speedy action, a cruel and exhilarating revenge?  And Won Bin?
6,Won Bin's score is around 9? There's nothing to believe in
2,A cruel movie that shows off its strength. It doesn't cause as much emotion or leave as much nostalgia as Leon.
2,I copied and pasted Leon too much. Even the story setting is similar. Next door... The movie itself is fun and good...I can't give you a good score because you copied me too much
1,It was fun, but I copied Leon and got 1 point.
1,If you pick it, you guys can be a critic or you guys just pay to watch a movie. Don't judge without knowing the topic
6,Literally, Won Bin's emotional action. A step forward in Korean action movies
5,Well, the story is too simple and unlikely. It's just a movie about Won Bin.
3,I knew that NAVER GPA was unbelievable, but I didn't know that it was this much. I don't have anything to watch except Won Bin, Haewoondae, and so on. I think Korean movies are not improving because they are very popular
6,There's nothing outstanding in general, but there's an unknown charm
1,A story that I've seen dozens of times somewhere. Won Bin's one-man show
1,Leon... Leon...Leon
5,I can't relate to itThe only thing is that it's cruel
1,The rating is too high. It's not that funny. Did I copy Leon?
6,To be honest, the movie itself has a normal composition, but it's worth watching because Won Bin did a great job in the action scene
1,Man on Fire, Bon Series, Leon, Taken... Splash!
1,I bit the cigarette again after watching this movie!
6,It's just whatever...
5,Everything else aside, Won Bin is Won Bin.
6,Mise-en-sc센ne that starts with Won Bin and ends with Won Bin
4,Kim Sae-ron's acting was worth watching.It was a movie where I could see the development of Korean movies.The performances of the two actors who played the villain showed the height of viciousness.
1,I think it's honest to say it's a Hollywood remake
5,I don't like things like this so I thought Won Bin was cool.Outside of that
1,I want you to see Leon before you watch this movie. It's just a movie
6,I wonder if I needed to throw myself this far for a girl who had nothing to do with me. It would have been more likely if there was a blood relationship
6,This is the perfect score I've seen him three times, but the more I see him, the more childish he is, the more actionable he is... The story is even worse, and it is said that the crying man falls short of the uncle's expectations, but the man himself is far from a masterpiece in the first place. It's just a commercial pleasure
1,Why do Koreans go crazy about these third-rate noir movies? Sunflower, new world, old man... I really don't understand Korean noir movies are all taken away from Kitano Takeshi movies.
6,It's nothing more than Leon's sublime
6,I had a good time watching it, but now I have a high score
6,Compared to box office success and fame, it wasn't good. After the movie, it remains as a movie with many cruel scenes.
2,Unbelievable, indiscriminate, aimless shooting
1,It was a very disappointing movie
3,I saw Leon and he copied this
1,It's too violent
2,It's a good production. If you take it out, it's a movie with nothing to watch
1,I washed this movie for the first time, but I'm disappointed since I just watched Taken.I just copied you.Ah, idols aren't the only ones imitating pop music. It's not even an homage. It's like plagiarism
5,I rarely watch action movies because they are boring, but the movie and action movies are amazing.Regardless of foreign currency or domestic movie, it is still the best.This movie is the best for realistic action without exaggeration.
1,The original plagiarism that copied Leon is not worth a rating, but it gives at least one point because of Won Bin.
1,Why is the rating so high? It was below my expectations...It's so cruel ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
5,A skanky skit and a skanky screenplay...
1,Won Bin, that was the only one
1,The only thing worth seeing is Won Bin's appearance. a really boring movie
6,"Visual" action movie that's possible because it was Won Bin.
1,A movie that would have been ruined without Won Bin
1,To be honest, it's takedown jjap... Please, let's be creative. Embarrassing.
3,Leon, it's takedown jjamppong rice Isn't this plagiarism? A new meal written in the script
1,This is just like a man-on-fire It's a masterpiecewww
1,I don't know why this movie is 9 points
1,When I was in the army, I saw you after I saw Takeen. I enjoyed watching it, but Solka, a former special agent, an unethical group, a crescent-shaped knife used by a last-minute middle boss to fight. Anyone can see that the man copied the take. I think it's the girls who only saw Won Bin and didn't see Takeen
1,Honestly, this movie is not a masterpiece that can get more than 9 points... I think it's more than half that teenagers gave Won Bin 10 points because he was cool. In conclusion, the movie that would have been ruined without Won Bin
6,I don't want to look it up again, but if you do it on the cable, it's addictive
5,Like many people say, they want to follow Leon, but just a common movie has been born
3,Taken, Man on Fire, Leon... But it's provocative, sensational, and cruel. I can't relate to the story of Won Bin and Kim Saeron. There's no cool and cool action, but it's filled with ugly and cruel action details for two hours.
1,That's really not good. I don't understand the rating of 9 points. If it weren't for Won Bin, it would have been around 6 points. I give you one to lower your horoscope.
1,It's a movie that makes me lose confidence in my face.You can't watch it with your girlfriend!
6,The directing is far short of the actors' acting skills. It was painful to watch because of unnecessarily cruel and grandiose action. However, the actors' acting skills lead the play. Especially, Kim Hee Won's acting is very good.
3,The action is cool, too. You're cool, too.It's just cool. It's cool and it's over.I think it is a movie that should have a rather embarrassing phrase of "female orientation" in front of the movie. It is rated over 19 years old, but it was not a movie for those over 19 years old.
1,I can't even get this rating because other movies are so sloppy. I personally can only give these movies five points
1,I think he copied Takeen. It's not fun. The action is worth watching at the end. I think it's a movie with a lot of bubbles.
1,The sub-version of "Taken" is the best bubble movie
3,After Bourne, Segal, Leon, Taken, and Troy are mixed together, the pathetic thin Southeast Asian protagonist fights with Southeast Asian killers in a full story. Won's Drift from "Born Southeast Asia" imitating Stephen Seagull! Instant bibimbap for emotional appeal, with no originality at all!
1,Stephen Seagull is out to save a girl?
1,I think it's around 8 points, so I'll lower my horoscope
1,Did I expect too much because the score was high? More than I thought...
5,No matter how much I think about it, the rating is too... It wasn't my type, so I thought it was 5 points, but I was surprised because it was 9 points
1,WONBIN's cringe-worthy story, a story that's forced, and I'm sure it's a rare bubble movie
6,Honestly, it's worth watching, but the actors' acting in general is cringe-worthy, and the story is flattering, and it's a great movie with a lot of cringe-worthy lines, so it's a popular movie, but it's not good for people who've watched it a lot, but it's good to kill time
6,I was going to lower it by 5 points, but it got better as I went back, so I give you 6 points
6,Won Bin-man stars. A story that stands out in a cruel way. A story that has an obvious ending. A story that leaves nothing behind
1,Honestly, it's all thanks to Won Bin
6,The actors' performances were good, but...Other than the last action scene, the story of other gods who did not shine. I'm a bit disappointed. I bought this movie because of Won Bin
6,Won Bin...
1,The worst-ever movie, "Lewar," is just cruel, and the worst-ever movie that uses women as a plaything is about cutting people's organs from start to finish.
6,5.6 Change the title of the movie to Won Bin.
5,Why is this movie still 9 points?
1,Seriously, isn't this the most boring? No, I don't understand what the actors are saying, but they're grumbling and listening to the villains' way of speaking, it's annoying, it's just that they don't answer
1,WONBIN looks ugly with a haircut
5,Honestly, what would have happened if the main character was not Won Bin but another actor? But the action scenes were pretty good
1,It's a waste of a single one. Why is this fun? OO
1,I didn't know the score was this high. Surprised. The movie was well received by Won Bin;;; To be honest, the story is disgusting at the sudden development, and it is a questionable movie whether there is a script or not. When I watch a movie, I watch a lot of stories, but the story really gets zero points.
6,There are many uncomfortable and cruel scenes in which children are put in drug crimes, but the sound of the lines is hard to understand. The police are not convincing either. Is the main character also poor in the process of finding the villain, and the villain is good at swearing? a lack of tension or gallantry in comparison to a brutal degree
6,Not very funny
1,It's too high. The masterpieces are in the late eights, but this garbage commercial film is more than nine points -- this is what the people of Korea see
6,The action scene is not easy. The story is a bit cliche. It's still far away
5,Five points would be appropriate.
5,How can it be over 9 points? Aside from acting, the lines and stories are so childish. All that remains is Won Bin's appearance.
3,If it weren't for Won Bin, it would have been ruined, and the story is a mixture of Leon, Taken, and Man on Fire. One and a half stars because of Won Bin
5,Honestly, isn't this movie really good?;;
1,How can we get more than 9 points?  Is it like a Korean movie?
6,The time was well spent.I agree with the critics' score.
5,I think it's Leon copy. It's not a special agent, it's a North Korean spy, but the story is too poor
4,Honestly, it's a movie that saved because it's Won Bin. I'm not sure about the quality of the movie.
5,All of these five points are Won Bin and other actors. Honestly, the story is obvious and the directing is so awkward and tacky... Thank you for working hard on your acting
1,Nine points are too much.
1,They're asking if I'm running
6,I saw it because of the syndromes.What kind of writer did you write?It's from Won Bin
5,Won Bin looks cool even when a man sees him, but his bad acting in the two detectives made him look at the clock, and you~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
1,I still have 1 point left.
1,I'm here to adjust the rating.I'm sorry to tell you this, but the two of you who acted as detectives... are ridiculously high.You're so bad at acting It's cringe-worthy all the way throughI'm a detective with no weight, but I don't like it.;;The score is too high. Sorry for the malicious comments
5,Because of Won Bin's face, the score is high.
6,The action scenes, Won Bin, and Kim Saerom's acting are all satisfactory, but the bad acting of the villains who interfere with the cliche and immersion of the story is a flaw.  Compared to movies like the New World, you can see how much the villain's acting skills affect immersion and reality
6,It feels like a mixture of Hollywood movies
1,Honestly, I don't like movies that only Won Bin can watch
1,This is around 9 points? ㄹLose a point and disappear
1,Well-made Meat Movie
1,It's an absurd setting where a kid in the neighborhood is being kidnapped
2,A bizarre race that loves organized psycho crime. The Korean people are disgusting.
3,It's Leon+Taken mix. I don't think I can refuse.It's an old movie, but look at the sunflower. Recommendation 3 points. 1 point for Won Bin's action scene. 1 point for the last 5 minutes. 1 point for the ending music and scene
1,Downgrade version of Taken + Man On Fire. A level to which there is nothing to say even if accused of copyright infringement.
1,A movie that became popular as Won Bin and failed as Won Bin. The story, casting, and directing are all disappointing.
6,..... I was tricked... my hands and feet are cringe-worthy
5,The rating is so high that I don't understand it.
1,It's interesting as long as I'm watching
6,An actor who can't deliver lines, an actor who can't act at all, is too much.I feel sorry for the children who were involved in this movie
4,Gorgeous action, and beautiful Won Bin. an only filmbe a child actorHis acting tone needs to work harder.And a disturbing sound.Sound effects to create a forced impression.It was quite annoying.
4,Man on fire in '04 is blurry in people's memory. It's a mock-up where you can't find the originality and creativity that the director made money and watched it comfortably without subtitles.
3,Damn it. This is called a movie. He's taking all the crap he doesn't have.Why is it so cruel? These days, Korean movies are so cruel that I can't watch them. It's just a third-rate gangster movie with an actor's face. It's the limit of Korean movies.
2,If you go abroad, it's a poor job. In Korea, it's called a masterpiece. This is the reality of Korean movies
6,Even if an actor goes down one level, he's like an office worker
1,Taken Man On Fire Leon
1,Nothing special.
1,It's not an exaggeration to say that Leon's fake movie. It's just a movie about casting 600 million actors
6,The acting is good and it's fun, but there are a lot of scenes that cut off the flow or cringe in the middle, and there are a lot of lines
5,Why is your rating so high?LOLIs this the part-time job in the comments? It's a movie that I ruined while imitating the atmosphere of a gambler
1,Taken's sublime fake film
1,Won Bin's Korean book reading acting is not the main character, but he lost motivation to host the story.
6,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie
5,Please work harder
1,There's nothing new except for Won Bin's action scene. It's nothing more than a killing time
1,Rating adjustment
1,[Taken] [Comando]'s fake... This is why Korean movies shouldn't be like this...You can see how dreary the Korean audience is giving a rating of 9.23 on fake reports
1,1 point for Won Bin's acting. The rest is the highest level of trash
6,If there was a sense of urgency and simplicity,
1,It's really easy to make a movie, right?Jungbeom, what movie are you going to plagiarize in the next movie made in the kingdom of plagiarism?
5,I never OOO to Taken.
6,Because the detective is a scoundrel in tracking down drug, kidnapping, and psycho criminals, a former intelligence agent with good investigation and action skills has no choice but to step up...
1,a cloud of the earth
2,It's a good movie, but a nine-point rating doesn't make any sense objectively. Let's cut it
4,Ha, the climax of the cringe...It'd be nice if you took off the look
1,a third-rate
1,There are cringe-worthy lines, sloppy action scenes, and high ratings with only false laughter.
1,It's funny that this movie has a rating of more than 9 just because Won Bin is handsome. When Won Bin said his first line, I thought it would be cringe-worthy
1,The Korean film industry can develop, but it cannot expand to the world.
1,I'm glad I'm not embarrassed about earning foreign currency
6,It's a movie between Taken and Leon. We can predict the next line But the action scene was cool
1,Man On Fire is not money, it's a totally fake movie!
2,Everything was as expected --
1,The story was childish and a waste of time.
1,What's wrong with the rating?LOL a box office hit thanks to Won Bin
4,I mean, the love between the man next door and the little girl? What is this?
1,One of the overrated movies
2,Cliché Moongchi. Writer has 8th grade syndrome
1,No way. There's nothing to watch except action. It lacks probability
1,I can't believe this is a 9.21 rating. The acting is all awkward except for a few people
6,Fake Taken
1,Without Won Bin, it's close to zero.
1,You should've picked the guy who went to the army. He was so energetic that I wondered why he was exempted from military service
1,The movie is fun, but the rating is too high
1,I watched it at CGV early in the morning. It's fun
2,Taken, man-on-fire, and Leon are much better. a crude three-piece film
6,Personally, one of those movies? I don't know.
6,It's a true movie, but the probability is Andromeda.3 stars because of the action director
6,To be honest, nine points for a movie like this is an insult to the movie Taken and Leon's jigsaw film
1,Mister - Wonbin = 0
5,There is no love, there is action, there is sensitivity, there is no probability. It is a movie that leaves a lot of regrets.
2,I'm looking for a girl from a kidnapped neighborhood.The story seems unreasonable, only Kim Hee Won's acting is good
1,The rating is too horny. I think the score is 8 because it is a proper Korean movie
3,I was wondering if it was just Won Bin.
6,Hey! Honestly, Won Bin came out cool. Is the movie great? If other actors did it, the kkkkkkkkkkkkk
2,Honestly, what's so funny about this?; a film that girls would love
5,Well, I don't know. There were a lot of cruel scenes.
5,You have to think a lot about how the story unfolds when you decide on a bad class and beat everything up.
5,Oh, Won Bin is handsome. Oh, Won Bin is cool
1,Please, don't face it, but act it out
5,It's not that fun
1,Is it because of my face?Every time I saw it, I thought of Leon Taken, and I was annoyed
6,It's meaningful that I just watched it
5,They say it's probably ruined except for Won Bin, but I think So Ji-seop is the right person. His eyes are filled with melancholy
4,I was looking forward to it, but I was disappointed. Another movie came to mind while I was watching it
5,Won Bin's action is a waste because his character, incident, motivation, and sloppy
3,If it wasn't Won Bin, the movie would have been ruined
6,A movie that saved Won Bin. lack a narrative
6,There is definitely fun. All the police are acting so bad. Why do you keep reading Korean books?
1,I was going to give you 4 points, but I should give you a lower rating
6,The rating is very high... Is it Won Bin's power? The action scene was cool
1,I can't believe you got a grade above 9.Do you watch movies with your nostrils?
4,The only thing I remember after watching it was Won Bin's face.The story isn't that...
1,As expected, the critic's score is accurate. How can this score be higher than Taken and Leon?
2,To be honest, I copied it too much
3,It's a pity that Won Bin is so into making this kind of plagiarism into a masterpiece
6,It's okay LOL
6,The content itself is like trash, but I'll give you a lot of points in the action scene Re-scoring is
1,If you like Won Bin, I recommend it, but in the movie...
1,Taken's fake...I'm embarrassed as a Korean the real thing
1,Kimchi is fun, right?I hope it will be fun. I would have killed myself if I paid for this at the movie theater
4,It's fun, but the rating is too high. Taken's imitation
1,Man On Fire + Taken = Won Bin.
5,If this movie becomes Won Bin's signature movie, it will be a disaster for actors who have been overworked by the movie.
3,WONBIN is a straw for invincible villains
1,I tried to make bibimbap with manon fire, takedown, and Leon, but it turned out to be a dog porridge
1,I made it pretty well, but it feels like I copied the story of foreign movies.
4,It's like watching a Japanese cartoon. Just because Won Bin was cool.
5,an overrated filmIn particular, there are so many swear words that it interferes with the flow.How can a reality show live just by cursing?
1,It's really boring. I think the female oak ladies gave me a rating.Won Bin's acting is amazing lol
4,Don't copy foreign movies
5,The reason why it's not so pleasant is the lack of probability and reality
5,Honestly, since it's Won Bin, I'll give him 5 points. It overlaps with Taken and Man On Fire
6,There is a severe lack of relationship and motivation for the person view of the case. But it's fun
6,It's like a movie sunflower It's a movie where you can fully feel Won Bin's charms!
1,If this is 9, Leon and Takeen should be evaluated higher than the perfect score
5,Should I be moved by the usual action scene?
1,2,000 won is a waste.ㅠㅠ A trashy movie
1,Let's lower the rating a little bit. It is not in the nine-point range.
1,I can't believe it... Just a smile
5,95% dependence on Won Bin. There's nothing much to it. It's a movie about Won Bin
1,I saw it on OCN yesterday, and I think it's part-time job because I'm angry that it's 9.22 on NAVER
1,First of all, shooting action in Korea is a hoax, but it's a movie that's far from reality
1,Man on fire, man on fire. It's nothing more and nothing less
1,It's a shame that Won Bin only relies on his star quality for overall perfection
1,You have a high rating. I want to give a generous 8 points. Change the title to people who curse...
2,This is a movie for Won Bin
4,The rating is too high...
1,Korean movies have high scores. If it's released overseas, it's a movie you'll be chased by.
1,I'd rather watch 10 more series of this stuff.
3,Is it the power of Won Bin fanatics? Korean movies are still far away
6,It's Won Bin's
5,Overrated - Good immersion but too vain for character OOO
1,There's nothing else to watch but action
1,The performers' performances are not bad.But for some reason, it wasn't fun
1,I felt like I was watching a third-rate movie because of its sloppy story and lack of presence
6,Won Bin is cool.I don't know the movie.
1,If it wasn't Won Bin, I would've messed it up
6,I don't know...
1,It's really not 10 points. The content is simple and slow.Rather, sweet life has a story
3,Won Bin's bluff stood out. I think it was made for Won Bin
5,Zero immersion. Won Bin's cheesy acting.It's a movie that doesn't make any kind of movie
1,Sincerely, OOO flag
1,a film copied from Taken's ancient times You had a hard time copying it.
6,There are only visuals, but neither action nor story is satisfactory.
3,Ugh, uncomfortable movie all the time.I just personally...--;ㅡㅡ;
6,It's a really childish story, but it's fun.
1,Why is the rating so high? Is it because of Won Bin? Seriously, Korean movies are trash
6,The movie that was more disappointing than I expected... It's just Won Bin
5,A movie that only Won Bin watches
6,The title should have been Won Bin, not Uncle. Netizens' ratings are also for Won Bin
6,Cool action. Cool Won Bin.
5,Won Bin's acting was good, but nothing was memorable
5,There's nothing left after I watched it. Maybe it's because I watched Takeen and this...
1,What's wrong with Korean movies these days?I'm worried, sweet life copycat, but it's not even close to the tip of my tongue
1,The rating is too high... Why is it so high?
4,If the main character wasn't Won Bin, it would have been a terrible movie
4,Won Bin ♥
1,Lee Jong Pil is really bad at acting. There's only too much.
5,It's funny, but it's kind of clumsy, and it's kind of forced.
5,Action acting was good...The meaningless ending and the lukewarm content were not good.
1,The story is...
6,That's cruel; I watched it while listening to Won Bin
1,It's definitely not a nine-point movie. I'm going to get 8 points.
1,the epitome of a poor rating A movie that can never exceed 8.5.
1,Men in our country are dying.ㅜㅜ
1,A movie that can't get more than nine points. It's just a violent movie full of Won Bin's action. It's fun
5,In front of the man next door who is filled with melancholy, everyone has autumn leaves.
6,The action is interesting, but the development is contrived and the music is excessive. I bought this movie thanks to Won Bin.
4,If it wasn't 4 points because Won Bin came out, it would've been 1 point
1,Because of the action, can't we get 0 more for the 1 point story?
2,1 star because of Won Bin. If it's not Won Bin, half is a waste.
1,Funny, but I don't think 9.23 is it
1,C-rated action movie...The action was worth watching, but the other thing...
4,Won Bin's, by Won Bin, for Won Bin. If the casting of the main character had changed, it would have been changed
5,It's a one-dimensional story that's so corny.If it wasn't Won Bin, I wonder if it would have been released.
1,How many stars should the director give himself? I think he's going to give me six.
1,As expected, NAVER's rating
5,Stephen Seagull of Korea was born.
1,Won Bin is handsome. It's worth watching a movie But the rating is too high, so I'm adjusting the ratingHaha
6,It's unnecessarily cruel.
5,Story Usually, a movie that saw success through casting. It's kind of gross and cruel. a bit of fun
1,I can't believe this simple story has a rating of more than nine-- it's the equivalent of Titanic and three idiots
6,It's a movie that has nothing but a cool movie
6,You'll think I'm going to throw up while eating popcorn
6,Is 9.23 because Won Bin is so cool?
6,The movie lived because of Won Bin.
1,There's nothing else to watch except Won Bin
6,Man-on-Fire, who was impressed in his early 20s as soon as he read the article. Won Bin was big, but the action was worth watching
5,Won Bin is so cool that I can't give him a rating like this. Probability
1,bursting the rating bubble
1,I'm trying to look cool from start to finish, but my hands and feet are cringe-worthy
1,It's not fun
1,I think it's appropriate. Because of Won Bin... The story wasn't that badLOL
5,Won Bin is handsome... But the movie itself is not good. It's kind of... It's kind of forced
6,There is nothing to see except Won Bin
5,It's a pity that Won Bin's evaluation doubled because he was a Kkangkkang
1,The part-timers raised their scores so high
1,NAVER rating is based on fun and interest. Even movies like Wayback don't get 9 points
5,The original sin of a third-rate scenario...What a waste of a first-rate actor...What's the point of being good?
6,It overlaps with Taken
5,Except for Won Bin, his acting skills are...
6,Won Bin's pronunciation is still like that... I wish I'd opened my mouth and talked to you. Nothing is coming in...
4,If Won Bin's acting and thrilling action were worth watching, it was not a movie with a high rating.
6,Won Bin is good at acting. He's a S-level actor, but all he needs to see is Won Bin
1,We have to kill the director who made this.
3,-.-;; Honestly, is this a 9.23-point movie? It's not like this is Won Bin's fan site
1,a clumsy sublime imitated by Man of Fire
6,The movie for Won Bin... The action was worth watching, but the sensitivity is incomparable to Leon
6,There's nothing to see except action
6,Won Bin is disappointed by the Korean movie's action scene, one-on-one match, and forced development. Good
3,Poor story, obvious development, unnecessary brutality. Won Bin was the only one who succeeded
6,Won Bin, who acted with his face, is a compliment. If it wasn't for Won Bin, I would have hated the movie
1,They say that I don't like the smell of imitation
5,Mister, your skin is so nice. I envy you.
6,WONBIN's video pictorial with all kinds of provocative and bad topics. It's not enough. Perfect Won Bin
1,90% Taken
4,Compared to Taken...Four points
1,거지 If you're going to make a beggar movie like this, tell a beggar to be the enemy
2,I was looking forward to it because of Won Bin. It's not that fun
6,For the killing time, one drop of emotion was mixed well
4,Take a piece of...
3,Taesik Byul Hana, Somi Byul Class...
6,I need to train my knitting skills...
1,I was going to copy this series, but I got 9 points
3,A 2-hour portrait of Won Bin. I just want to give you a toothpick.
1,How can you make this into a movie and sell it?rubbish
1,It's not this bad...I think I need to lower the score a little bit...T
6,Then
6,I made it well for a Korean action movie. The content is honestly trash;
1,Since it's Won Bin, the rating is like this... Even if Kim Taehee is on, I don't give her a good rating.
6,All you can do is copy?If you watch a movie like this and give 10 points to a human being or a director who makes a movie like this, grade C
6,I saw it later, but the average rating is in the 9th. I doubted my eyes. 6 to 7 points is just right.
1,Korean movies always give high marks. It's a completely 'Man On Fire' sublime. Need to adjust the rating
4,The bad guy and the punishment... It's a simple dichotomy. I thought I was looking at Hong Kong's Rwanda in the 1980s.
1,I dozed off after watching a movie after a long time.
1,Maybe it's because I saw Taken first, but there's nothing that touches me
1,WONBIN 9.8 Action 8.5 Story is trash 0.01 point
1,A very common and boring film that seems to have squeezed Leon and Taken together
6,I like the action scene with the knife
6,Won Bin's form is too much to beat the gangsters!
1,A movie with about 7 points is appropriate.
1,This series of martial arts, filming techniques, and fishing troublemakers that have squeezed Leon's sensibility into cheap pieces
6,Won Bin was cool and the action was cool I don't know.
6,Won Bin's one-man show. A movie with awkward acting skills and great action
1,The movie like OOO is not 9.23 but Won Bin is 9.23 so let's evaluate the movie objectively
5,It is foolish to compare Azushi with Leon, Take and Man on Fire.
1,It's worth watching, but more than 9 points is too much. Let's lower the rating
6,a crude knitting of familiar scenes Uncreative blandness. It's just Won Bin's commercial
1,Why can't a girl act?Kids are good at acting these days.Other cast members are awkward with acting.I can't get into it
1,The rating is too high. Ggwa-guo
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before.
6,The movie is fun and well made, but I can't give you a high score
1,This movie has such a high rating. The story is really...
6,Action, the actors' performances are good, but... The story or lines should have been more refined.
1,Public opinion manipulation, the sentiment of the Republic of Korea, which is a hit, is enough to make a box office hit. a political place
1,Oh, my
4,Ah, I kept thinking of Clementine who I didn't even see... ...one and a half stars thanks to Won Bin.
1,The story is obvious, and the movie for killing time, "Sunflower Sweet Life," is much more fun
6,Children's crimes should never be specifically described, if not otherwise. Other than that, it's fine
1,...Ugh.
1,Action is a really good movie, but the rating is unnecessarily high
1,U.S.S.S.S.Bom. I'm embarrassed that it was exported. B-list story made in America. Won Bin came out and became Class A on the Korean flight
2,It's a hero story that only women who are suffering from infantile regression and the nerds who are passionate about it
1,This is around 9 points?Oh, my God, did you judge Won Bin by his face?
1,No way. Watch it for yourself. - You can't even compare your sweet life with your directing skills
1,That's absurd.
1,No touching, no acting, no content...평 Why is the rating so high?It's weird
4,Won Bin or a movie that would have been ruined. Kill a man. Kill him. The end
1,A movie that only excites the audience with its provocative content. It will be fun thanks to you -_-
1,I can't give you a score because I'm Won Bin, who's been posthumously discharged.  WONBIN, who's released from GOP's work book without anyways
1,I enjoyed it
1,It's like a grade...
5,Those who compare the man to Leon are human beings who will not understand art even if they wake up. ㅉㅉ
1,The story, the story... There's nothing much. I just kill him for no big reason
1,Why is this 9 points?
1,in the words of a Korean movie
1,I don't think it's a movie with 9 points
1,It's a fun and well-made movie, but to be honest, 9.24 is too generous. You have to lower it a little bit.
1,I thought it was fun.I've given up my eyes
5,It's such a typical story. Not good.
6,The plot itself is too cruel to sympathize with or watch. It feels more cruel because it's a Korean movie
1,A rating that shows Koreans' tenacity in the pot. If it has a strong impact, you have to give 10 points
1,It's fun, but the rating for killing time is too high. 7.5 is appropriate
5,♡ God Bin ♡ My eyes are purified, but the story is far-fetched.
5,It was so obvious that I was annoyed a few times. Won Bin was cool Let's lower the rating
1,I didn't see it. ^^ I'm a free senior because I can't watch it
1,Obvious story... Honestly, it's all sorted out by Kwon Ah-sol-sun
1,It's too high. I'm going to lower
3,If I were to give a star rating for the movie, not Won Bin's face, my score is
6,Impression is reduced in inverse proportion because of the movie's provocative material and violent production.
6,..............Action is fine. But I don't understand why you insist on forcing an action movie
6,B-list movie. It's not enough to be a movie that won an award. It tells the reality of Chungmuro.
6,Won Bin is just handsome.
1,How can such a cruel movie be so popular? I came out of the movie theater in an hour.
6,The movie is expected to end from the first 20 minutes.
5,That's so cruel.;;   I think it's just a cool movie for Won Bin
5,Won Bin is pretty much...But it's a line and a production...Never hot
6,Just think of it simply, Leon homage. Oh yeah. But the action was worth watching, right?
5,senseless violence Won Bin looks light because he weighs too much
6,A movie I wouldn't have watched if it wasn't for Won Bin. I can't give you a good review. Man on fire, I don't think.
1,a sublime trick
2,When you say, "Sorry for pretending not to know..." It's cringe-worthy
1,Leon has a rating of 9 points. Just seven points is enough for you. How can this be 9 points?
1,There's nothing else to watch but Won Bin. It's obvious. It's obvious. = Trash + Won Bin
1,If Won Bin doesn't look forward to it, it's a movie with 10 points
1,That's too generous
6,If it weren't for Won Bin, this movie wouldn't even get six points.
1,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
5,It wasn't good for an action movie.
4,Why is this rating so high? It's weird
5,I feel like I'm over-leveled with Leon
6,The movie is about Won Bin... I don't think it's that funny or boring... Did I flip it's?
5,There are a lot of stories that don't make sense, but the movie was successful with good direction, action, and actor.
1,It's the limit of Korean audiences watching movies
6,It's a little sloppy.
6,It's so cruel...It's hard to see with a baby.
6,The boring material and the force-pulling new drama, but the action was fine and the main actors were cool
6,The movie man who shows that the visual effects of Korean movies are as good as Hollywood movies is also handsome
6,It's a shame that Hollywood made so much of it. It's been a while since I've been to a foreign killer
1,It's not a movie that's worth more than nine points, rating adjustment
6,I think the killer Ram Rowan was cooler. The Discovery of a Totally Stormy Actor
6,Leon Bourne Series: A Movie You Want to Follow Taken Somehow
1,The rating of 9.2 is a bit too much. 8.2 It shall be deemed appropriate. I give you a point to lower the average.
1,Pfft... It's a sloppy story with actions that seem like you've made up all the foreign movies
6,He's not an ordinary man
1,Won Bin is the only one I remember. Let's lower the rating
1,It's a mystery to Koreans who like bizarre things that come out in psycho and psycho
6,I think 6-7 points is enough, but 9 points is too much. The actor's face isn't everything, is it?
1,I saw Leon a week after I saw him. It's just cruel
1,It's not 9 points lol
1,I think a rating of 7.5 would be enough
1,I just enjoyed it, but the rating is too high. I need to give you a discount
1,Don't compare yourself to Leon. It's so obvious. Look at Won Bin
6,The same Korean movie every time. This time, I just focused on the main character.
1,He chews and eatsYou're gonna end up shooting more. Are you kidding me?childish revenge
6,This is bulletproof glass, you punk!
1,I'm sorry, it's a rubbish movie that's not worth discussing.
6,It's just a movie for Won Bin
3,Won Bin or a movie that you don't have a reason to watch. 7 points is perfect
1,Won Bin saved a movie. Those who filmed a trash movie, thank Won Bin
4,I'll be honest with you.This is why Korean movies don't evolve
6,The Korean version of Taken, otherwise, is a drug that uses children? The score of 9.25 is over
2,Why did I look so cheesy? Won Bin and I don't look good together
5,Takeen Motif & Bone Series Action Squeeze!But that's it!And, why does it remind me of Choi Minsoo?
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,Won Bin is the only one who plays the drums and plays the janggu = accountant or secretary villain = wealth
6,Only Won Bin's action was worth watching.
3,I think you and Taken are very similar
1,Won Bin effect
1,Let's be honest. Won Bin is handsome. However, the movie is nothing more than B-class.
1,a sloppy storyline WONBIN is so handsome
1,Honestly, the story is about Daewon Bin's power. If an unknown actor did this, would it be so cool?
2,It's a total trash movie! I didn't know, but I knew that Won Bin was terrible at dancing after watching the movie A totally clumsy action scene
1,It's too high.
6,I followed the overseas action, but I still feel the limit of Korea
5,It looks like a sunflower, but it wasn't fun. Won Bin is an actor
1,Does it make sense? Six points is perfect.
1,Why is the rating so high?
5,WONBIN looks so cool
1,The Korean version of Takeen below is an appropriate metaphor, but to give a nine-point rating --;;
1,Evidence that clearly shows the current level of Korean films and audiences
6,Well, let's just say that's all. Why did Won Bin wear Moncler's padded jacket? I'm curious about that.
5,Won Bin Force alone got a rating of 9.25... I think the film itself is unique
5,Why did he brutally, he has to kill them for what?
6,an uncle's rebellion
1,To be honest, the rating of 9.25 is Gaeobada; I expected it from the rating, but it fell far short of Taken
1,6 / Out of touch with reality, no sense of urgency, unacceptable ratings made by the press and part-time job...
4,a cliché and cliché film that exemplifies why Chungmuro cannot progress
6,It's too obvious. But Won Bin's new discovery
3,I admit that Won Bin is cool, but it's not a movie that can be compared to Man On Fire
1,If it's low, 6 to 7 would be perfect
6,Did you mix Leon with the takeen? It's a total mess.
1,I enjoyed it, but -_- Solskjaer's score is not 9.25 I'm going down.
1,It's not up to 9 points. It's too high. 7 points is enough
1,The rating of 9 is ridiculous. No matter how good you are, between 5 and 6... Just that kind of movie
1,be awfully cruel
6,Won Bin 4 points + Action Scene 2 points = The end
6,It's fun, but I'm into Hollywood movies
2,a familiar entertainment 9 points is too much. 7-8 points are appropriate.
6,It's not as simple as takeen. Takeen + Leon. Poor fake
5,Do you think you will still remember this movie after a few years?
5,Did the people who gave me 10 points watch Man On Fire after watching this movie?
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I think the rating is too high. Eight points
6,A movie that I didn't screw up because of Won Bin
1,Why is a movie that doesn't have such a high rating?
1,I think it's too boring. Crucially, it's too bad
1,For killing time
5,It's funny, but it's too cruel. Just rip it apart
2,Damn. Korean audiences have a keen eye for movies. Story&Plot0/Production0/Support0/Acting0/Action2
1,It's 0 point, Shubal
1,To lower the appropriate score of 8.5 points, ㅅㅅ
4,Won Bin was the only one who liked it. The lines are cringe-worthy. A movie I couldn't feel anything about.
6,Ratings Comparison - Phantom of the Opera 8.4 / Million Dollar Baby 8.8 / King's Man 9.0 / Mission 8.9
2,Director: If it's fun, it's the best. Look at OOs complaining about it
6,Just in case, I didn't like it.
6,You're invincible if you're in the Special Operations Department of the Military Intelligence Command. I can't hear what Won Bin's pronunciation is saying
1,I enjoyed watching it, but Won Bin's movie rating for Won Bin is a bit...Let's cut it
6,If you give me 10 points, watch "Man On Fire" Knowing what a movie is.
6,It was fun, but this movie is just a jigsaw. I'm sure the director knows better than anyone else.
5,What are you going to do about the ambassador's handling of North Korea?
3,I understand why the movie itself became so cool because of the fact that you're an actor, and why you didn't win any awards
1,I'm so pathetic because I expected this. Story?The best? Rubbish with nothing left
1,Over-emotional. Showing rustic style. Stinky lines... Let's lower the average
5,All of the acting stories are 2% short
6,Below Taken. Above the Man On Fire. Won Bin's one-man show stands out
1,Won Bin dodging all the bullets. It's such a cruel movie
1,It's really boring. I'm an unrealistic, American action movie
1,This is a movie called "Follow it in personallyLOL  Leon, takeen jjamppong. (spicy seafood noodle soup)
6,I looked forward to it, but I was disappointed ;;
6,Man on fire. It's a fake story. Make something new
6,I'm lacking 2% but Won Bin is cool
6,It's a good production, but the scenario isn't too attractive
6,The rating is too high. It's really
6,Man on Fire is much better, but isn't it too much to have a rating of 9 or more than 9?
1,We need to lower the rating
1,The score is too high. Let's cut it
6,Isn't this a movie?
6,10 points for Won Bin
4,Won Bin's character, supporting roles, and action scenes are added to this complicated scenario.
1,Why is the rating so high? It's worth giving 6 points, but the score is too high, so I'm giving 1 point to get a discount
6,Not motivated enough to justify brutal violence, nor does it leave a lingering impression like Leon
6,I thought it was Won Bin's one-man show, but the supporting role is also good. I'm just a girl. Too much gore?
5,Boring content, poor acting; this rating is just right;;
6,It's just a cruel entertainment movie. It shows the level of Korean netizens
3,Leon, takeen...Standard for commercial films with lantern mixes
1,Leon + Man on Fire + Typical Korean Criminal Drama, Finding Fun with Mixed Mixing...
6,As much as I expected, I was disappointed. It was worth watching
5,I don't know why this movie has a high rating. I think this came out too much
1,What's the difference between a movie like this and a third-rate gangster movie?
1,For Killing Time, Korean Action's Limit B Movie
6,The rating is a bit too much
6,I don't understand why this is a rating of 9.26 and I almost feel betrayed.
1,Leon is funnier
1,cruelty
1,It was really hard to empathize because there were so many ridiculous scenes  Oh, a movie that Won Bin's face saved
6,The story is very corny...WONBIN was cool
6,Won Bin came out really cool. But when I watch the movie alone, it's not that good
6,Won Bin's weight-bearing, excessive brutality is a negative factor
1,It was great, but it's still a long way from Clementine. The Beginning of the Universe, Clementine
1,It's a character-oriented movie. There is nothing to see, but the rating is too high.
4,19-year-old viewing is very cruel, abusive, human trafficking, murder, and watch out for the long term
2,crude lines, crude acting,Forced situation setting...It's the worst movie of the year
4,The action scene is worth watching
1,I don't think it's a movie with 9 points, but it's usually fun
1,The director focused only on the style, and the content was unrealistic and cheesy/Won Bin could only do this much
1,It wouldn't have been easy to make a third-rate movie out of the trash movie, Won Bin
6,somehow
5,Let's evaluate the movie objectively. Disappointing in terms of completion compared to expectations
2,Won Bin is cool, too? Is the movie fun? I really didn't feel it...
1,Obvious story. Won Bin's Ppasoon made it so that it's the score. Eight points is enough.It's worth seeing.
6,I like mid-length jeans, but they're cruel, but you should've had your eyes peeled. ㅜㅜ
1,The fiction of NAVER's rating is well revealed
1,It's just Man On Fire
1,I dozed off while watching.
6,Dagger action was good.
6,Won Bin also realizes that he is good at acting beyond his appearance, and the rest is boring.
6,The stabbing was good, but the development of the nuzzle was disappointing.Add a little more action, child actor Miss Casting
6,Less action than I thought, more action was needed.
1,a sensational half-star rating
5,9 out of 9.26 points is thanks to Won Bin. It's just that kind of movie. I got 5 points for Won Bin, too.
4,It's as tasteless as bread that's past its sell-by date
1,I was looking forward to it. It's a really boring and thrilling movie. clumsy action
1,There's almost no story. If you like action, recommend it. If you like action, I don't recommend it
1,The score is too high. 6 points is just right
6,The ex-special agent's undeserved love for children ♥
6,It's not up to my expectations, but it's a good movie to watch without a brain
5,When part-timers and Won Bin are nerds, the ratings are crazy It's just an overall half-baked movie.
6,I was a little touched, but I didn't expect it.crying
1,I thought you'd say something nice, and I said, "I should've apologized to the kids." The music is getting louder. Ad-libs and fujidang
4,It's a movie where the director follows poorly and shows his inability
1,It's a woman-only psychopathic movie about killing a male criminal
1,It's funny that Private Solka's discharged from the family service is a former special agent.
1,I didn't see it, but the private's suspended housekeeper is a former special agent
1,How do detectives look like employees of the Excitement Center? Were they brothers of the bad guys? I thought you were a partner
5,It's nothing more than a man-on-fire+taken+Leon well-done Axonnewar Won Bin float
5,It's not that...
6,It's just a movie like that kind of movie...For the killing time.
3,Is it a movie only for Won Bin? The lack of consistency in the characters. A movie that emphasizes only brutal violence.
4,All I see is Won Bin's face, not his acting. The movie is OOO noir
1,Honestly, it's not fun. I admit it
5,Just an interesting movie. Nothing more or less. The last scene was childish.
6,Personally, I don't think it's a good movie. It's just for killing time. It's appropriate
1,I don't even like the action.When you bite the killer's mouth at the end...Ready! Action! It was obvious.
1,A movie with nothing but action
1,You filmed "Under the Sky Without Mom" in a really loud way.
1,I can't trust NAVER's score anymore
6,I'm not good at storytelling and I don't like both action and emotion
4,The Won Bin Show
1,The ratings were high, so I was wondering -- Taken, Leon, Dark Knight
3,Ehhhhh............. -
1,I should've just heard that it was a good movie, but I only regret it
6,It's a movie about a man who feels relieved and uncomfortable Which country's 26th consecutive bullet wound is it from?
1,Why on earth did you win this movie award and why did you say it was funny?;; I don't think I should've done it
6,This is the self-portrait of Hollywood Kid living today. It's bitter...
1,It's been a while since I've seen a trash movie. I'm pathetic because I expected to see a movie like this
6,The movie that leaves a lot of regrets,
2,It is interesting, but the movie is disappointing in many parts
5,Man On Fire + Taken
3,I was disappointed when I thought about the Korean movie "Sweet Life". below expectations
1,It's too much fun
6,Won Bin, save him.crying
6,I think that's right for killing time...
6,I hope you'll thank Won Bin for his good sense of humor and bluffing
5,It's good to kill time...
1,My girlfriend made me cry -- This moo-saggy
1,Won Bin's acting made me cringe. What 80s noir are you filming?What's the point of being handsome?
6,Who compared it to the Man On Fire?
3,Except for Won Bin's visuals, it's very clumsy... Korea still has a long way to go
6,The action is perfect! The content is blank! Even if there's a past, it's not like rescuing a child or killing a child indiscriminately.
5,I don't know if it's because I saw it after I saw the Man On Fire.I think I saw it because of Won Bin's acting.
6,My mother said it was a movie that received a lot of awards, so we watched it together. It's so cruel; awkward
1,The story isn't that great;; the action scene isn't that great; it's cruel, so don't make a fuss. It's a joke
6,Similar to drawing. Won Bin is cool It's so cruel I don't want to see it again
6,The lines are too much.
1,Throughout the movie, there were curses and voices... This is the only thing that can't be tense, but the action was good.
5,It's definitely fun, but it doesn't seem like a movie that's going to get more than 9 points.
1,If only another actor had done it
5,9.27?? This? It's higher than Taken's Man On Fire.Shut up! A movie for killing time
4,It would have been a disaster if I saw it at the theater
6,It's fun, but honestly, 9 points...
2,When will the part-timers disappear? It's a six-point movie.
6,If a guy like that lives next door, does a bullet fly through the wall?
3,Fun? Artistry?   Reality? Expectations?    ;;
1,It's worth looking at
1,Won Bin's acting is not good and I want to give a score to the director's directing skills.
1,This movie has a rating of 9? I can't believe it. 7 is a waste
5,It's different from the scenario. It's just like a cartoon
3,To be honest, it wasn't as good as I expected. The rating is pretty high
5,Taken's Composition (Slightly Modified) + Scene Other Movies = Mister
6,Won Bin got 100 points. Directed by 50 points. The coach scored 10 points. What would I have done if it wasn't Won Bin?
1,If it was a movie that was too obvious, a different man, and the rating is too high, let's be cool
4,Won Bin doesn't need a director. Won Bin's main character movie!
5,Won Bin's solo action movie for killing time... Only the action was good.
6,It was worth watching
2,"Taken" 2 that doesn't need words
1,It was pretty good, but it's not 9.2 -- there's nothing to say
6,It was fun, but I don't think 9.2...
1,I had high expectations...
1,It was just worth watching!
6,A movie that imitates a movie that I used a lot in other countries...10 points for Josh Hartnet?
1,It's not boring, but it's more disappointing than I expected. A movie with no content
1,I don't know why it's 9 points.If you watch Won Bin's face, I'll drop all the 6 points movies
1,I don't know what it is.
1,I don't understand people who say it's funny--
1,The worst movie I've seen recently!
1,I saw it, but it's not good
1,If it was a foreign cook movie, I would have gotten 7 points
6,It's just like a model car that came out neatly.
4,I can't watch it...
1,A bully vs former special forces. You're no match for them. 1 point
1,This score is a bit too much;;;
6,the driving force behind an interesting narrative
1,That's cruel
1,Shameful imitation and plagiarism
1,Won Bin was really good but nothing special.Honestly, I don't like the quality of the work
1,Your rating is very exaggerated
1,I don't understand people who say this is fun... Are you going to watch a movie with your face because the song is not good enough?
1,It's just a look
4,I saw a girl I dated for the first time, and she's good.I don't like it. This movie is too simple
1,I can give a rating without watching a movie.Can't I get 0 points for S B?
1,It's the worst movie ever
5,It's just worth watching
6,The movie has a higher rating than I thought.This movie is a skit.-ㅡ
6,Martin Scorsese's taxi driver in Korean adaptation
1,My girlfriend's eyes changed after watching this movie.It's time to say goodbye!
1,This and the monster are ridiculous. If Hyun Bin was the main character?
1,In what case is this is... A cartoon with a good rating of 5...
1,The Korean Film Industry Is Trying to Save Korean Movies
5,Leon/Taken parody movie~ Obvious story~ Obvious content
1,I became a squid thanks to Won Bin
6,Taken's father saves his daughter, but he thinks he can do that to save the little boy next door.
1,How can you get such a good rating? Summer time killer-like deterrence with distracting stories.
1,If you came out at the same time as Yellow Sea, you'd be done
6,What's the difference between Man on Fire?
5,But I think I plagiarized Leon too much. The overall story is so similar to Leon
1,Rating 9.3... Let's see
1,It's a forced story. How can the story be so ridiculous?
6,The material was so boring...I don't do that just because I'm the guy next door.Oh
6,A movie that shows Won Bin uplifting.
1,Thank you
1,Mister--
2,a film of cruelty Was your relationship with Somi as much as your everything?
1,Because he's so handsome
1,It's not my cup of tea.
1,You said there was no content, but you gave me 10 points, so I got a ridiculous rating of 9.28... a movie with six to seven points
1,The fact that there is still a movie like this is one aspect of Korean movie, and it is not a dictatorship
1,Korean movies are still far away Lack of creativity Film mix in many countries
6,It's worth watching, but honestly, it's not 10 points Don't come out too sentimental
1,The background and screen of the movie are so cruel and evil. a sensational, extremely cheap commercial film
1,0 points...
1,I'm afraid there will be copycat crimes.Maybe it's more cruel than necessary to incite crime.
2,If not for a bass down five points, but Won Bin.
1,I don't give high reviews because the movie content is really good, but Won Bin is handsome so I wonder if he gives high reviews.
1,Is there a zero point?
2,Part-time job... Not Won Bin's handsome, but a movie with nothing.
6,A movie for Won Bin
6,somehow
1,I broke up with my girlfriend after seeing you.I can't believe I'm comparing myself to Won Bin. I'm going to watch the Grand Prix.Kim Taehee
1,Young people who carelessly watch this movie and that movie... Let's think about it and live!
5,Won Bin's degraded acting skills. a Korean film that is staying in place
1,WONBIN killed all the villains. WONBIN lived. GFRIEND's housekeeping. Korean version of TAKEN
4,Won Bin's commercial. The content is death target + revenge heartless 1, 2
1,Are you kidding? Six points is worth it, but crazy paps foamed the movie evaluation.
6,Overall, it's just so so-so
5,Korean movies should not be developed like this.
1,Man-on-Fire Plagiarism Ratings. Part-time job
6,Kim Saeron is cute
1,Eight points is good enough
6,A movie for Won Bin!
6,I think 9 points is too much
1,There's no end to it. After watching this movie, I don't remember how far I went
4,I guess my taste is minor. I can't relate or be moved at all.
6,I'll give you 6 points for Won Bin
1,I was looking forward to it, but I was disappointed because it was cruel and disgusting
1,Those who see this and give me 10 points...Hmm. Why did humans become so cruel?
5,The story makes sense, but the movie is too cruel!
5,There's nothing to see except Won Bin. Good and evil are also too confrontational and too cruel. an obvious movie
1,Won Bin is the main character, so he's overrated
6,The shooting was really good...
3,The movie itself is not good. Does Won Bin make my heart flutter whenever I see him?
6,Let's distinguish between scenes that are worth watching from time to time for those who are rumored to be interesting
6,I don't like action, but...I'm just satisfied with watching Won Bin on a big screen
6,Hollywood-style composition of empty-handed punishment is now boring now.
6,It's a movie where the eyes are happy but the brain is dumbfounded. The lines and settings were childish, but Won Bin was cool.
4,Someone asked why the title of the movie is "The Man From Nowhere". I think we can just call it "Won Bin"
6,I'm glad to see the progress of the action scene. Won Bin is awesome. The end.
2,The movie that only Won Bin could watch...
1,The rating is higher than I thought.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
2,A movie that would have been ruined if Won Bin didn't come out. Obvious story. A bit boring
4,It would have been fun if you hadn't seen Taken. But it really compares to Taken.
1,Why do you keep comparing it to Inception?
6,Stoddy is simple, but cruelty is the best. Won Bin's acting skills looked good
6,It's a movie with Won Bin. It's no different than "I saw a devil"
3,Story is a beggar. Dojin, good.
1,It's so cruel. contempt of life;;;;;
1,It's too cruel. There's nothing special about it. That's a very high rating.
6,Except for WONBIN's things to see, it's an obvious touching story
4,It's just a Korean version of Man On Fire.Dakota is better as a child
6,It's a cliche.The main character who saves the whole movie?Won Bin is the only one who gets this rating.It's not that...
1,I had a fight with my girlfriend Because of you, punk! Come on!
1,If you're all better, go back to the army... the guy who was discharged from the army was flying around
5,Annoyed by the disheartening music. I can't hear the lines. It's more annoying. But it's not bad to direct with Won Bin
1,Limitations of Korean Film, Self-Defense of Feminism
2,The man is Neo? Agent Smith?
1,What do you mean 9.29? That's unbelievable. It's just an action movie. 5 points is appropriate
1,I don't know what's funny. He's a bully or Won Bin is acting like a jerk.
1,the worst
5,Leon + Takeen Jjambong movie... But how did you get 9 points?  Is it because of Won Bin? I think a 7 point range would be good
1,I hate the most horrible movie of my life that wrapped the killer up as a hero
6,The content of the movie was not good, but Won Bin made it into a likable movie
6,There is nothing to watch except action in this series. The title of "Macho Man Won Bin" fits better.
6,The brothers, the villains, should have been killed more cruelly.
6,a lack of probability in the story Taken is better.
1,It was a good movie, but it was a forced setting and development, a production that seemed to be tenacious, seven points is enough
1,The rating is too ridiculously high
2,It's a jjamppong movie with only Won Bin in it
1,If Taken is a knife, the man is a fly swatter. There's only distracting and stimulating scenes without stories
1,It's a mixed-up movie, but the ratings aren't too high, so let's lower the ratings, crazy pasoon and part-timers
1,This movie... The mixed-up movie that I dragged from that movie...
6,Uncle = Kill Bill + Bon Series + Leon, crude. That's not good. It's going to be decided in the director's next movie
5,On top of the pathetic story, Won Bin's serious acting shines. What if Won Bin wasn't there?
6,It's funny, but it's not my cup of tea
1,mess, chaos
6,Won Bin's, by Won Bin, for Won Bin...It's just a movie. What would it be like if it wasn't Won Bin?
1,Won Bin is handsome. Why is the rating so high on the movie itself? It'believable
6,I don't understand why this movie has a rating of 9.29; 6.5 to 7 sounds perfect
1,Was my expectation too high? Won Bin is the only one who comes out cool and the story is weak.
6,It's not 9 points. It's just a B-rated movie that Won Bin came out cool
5,It's just not boring. How can such a poor scenario come out?
1,It's just like that
6,Honestly, I don't think it's like this, but I was expecting a lot.I think it's a movie for Won Bin.Each scene is a CF
1,Was my expectation too high...I don't know
6,It's so cruel that I can't give you 10 points
1,Why. Should be so cruel. I don't know what I want to convey until the end.
6,...I don't really... I'm not interested. I'm just being cruel
1,It's a little boring.
6,It is 500000 times more fun than a deficit
1,Are you crazy? Where did the expert score go?
1,It's just a movie for Won Bin. There's no other movie to watch besides Won Bin
