일급 살인
6,Two stars for baseball's civic consciousness
4,Social absurdity, injustice and the perils of power that easily trample on an individual and their insensitivity. The great discomfort and anger I feel when I look at this. a social film
6,Kevin Bacon's great performance. But there's a sagging production and a contrived story.
1,Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
1,The impression and meaning of the true story are tarnished by the director's poor directing. I was really disappointed by the forced development of the plot. Kevin Bacon's performance stands out.
1,Is it because it's based on true stories? Your rating is full of bubbles. If you play it well, it's a movie that's in the late 7s
1,I'm so bored. I lost my time
6,You said it was based on facts. How far is it true? The main character's acting was good, but...
6,It's a true story, so it's nice to let you know that there's a case like this, but...The rating is too high.This kind of social accusation?  It was not new at all, perhaps because I saw many movies with the same content.I think it's just a movie that's made for the time.
1,It's a good movie, obviously, but I fell for the rating
6,No matter how much social and environmental problems there are, we cannot cover up criminal charges. In this regard, it is very unfortunate and unfortunate that the movie was made only from the perspective of criminals.
6,It was a shocking work when I was in high school, but for someone who has experienced too much, the nave of a 20th century work is.
5,Fiction-focused emotional movie https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henri_Young
6,I concentrated on one thing and I couldn't see the rest.
1,Not funny. Not funny
6,The Essence of Statutory Films to Present Best Answers
1,It's boring. It's better to study.
1,I was sleepy the whole time I watched it! Adjusting the score!
1,Honestly, I don't think it's around 9 points.7.5 That's about right. Kevin Bacon's acting is just right
5,Is it because I was tired?I was so bored that I was sleepy. I'm sure the acting was great, and it was based on a true story, so it moved my heart even more, but... Maybe it's because it's not my favorite genre, but it's a movie that people either like or dislike. I'll give you 5 points.
5,To be honest, it was boring whether it was exciting or the story was interesting.  I acknowledge your acting skills
3,Except for Gary Oldman, most of the clumsiness kids are pooops.
2,I was bored watching a court movie after a long time
6,The fact that it was a true story was not much of a shock or a great impression.
5,It's 5 points
6,Looking back, I'm not impressed.  I thought a lot of it was far-fetched.
1,It's the worst
4,The movie that was boring the whole time...
5,It's heartbreaking and I don't want to see it again. God, how desperate was someone's little help for three years?
1,I think the rating is too high... I usually enjoy watching masterpieces, but this is an exception
1,1 point because the score is too high. Message present but not interesting. I'd rather recommend Starship Rufus
1,A movie that made me know about sociable movies
3,I guess I'm still immature I'm sorry for those who gave me 10 points
4,Tension? It's just a low-budget movie that I haven't seen in a long time, and I've worked hard memorizing the lines, so two stars
1,Sleeping pills for those who watch it for fun
1,There's no escape scene except for the Alcatraz prison background; I'd rather recommend slippers!
6,Christian Slater, Gary Oldman, Kevin Bacon (+1) All Good
1,Kevin Bacon's performance was reminiscent of Beva's Kim Myung-min. There's no depth, there's only a shell of smoke.
6,Honestly, it's boring
6,It's so boring. I fell asleep while watching it.Except for Bacon-Ong's smoke
6,It's too much to have a rating of 9.21...
4,These days, there is a clear difference in quality from the latest movies.
4,I don't understand why 9.2 is simply a forced story to show that justice wins
1,It's not a touching story, but it's a cover-up for crime, it's a pity
6,It is boring because it is an old movie. It's meaningful, but it's not fun
1,I've never seen such a boring movie in my life. It's a strange development.
2,So boring
5,What's more annoying than the actors' acting is the structure that is getting sloppy toward the end.
6,The actors' acting skills are good! However, it was not such a good movie for me.
6,It's not fun to talk about it --ㅡㅡ
5,Everyone was good at acting, but personally, it wasn't fun.
1,You don't have to say. It's a waste of 1 point
1,be overrated
6,Personally, JFK or freemal peer was much more fun
1,I was really disappointed by the score. I was looking forward to the emotion, but I was angry even though I wasn't thirsty for emotion
2,It's not very interesting regardless of the content. I was tricked by the rating.
6,Honestly, it wasn't that great. Gary Oldman wasn't as good as the supporting role
1,It's not fun at all
6,Did Hanley Young really win? Dirty, stupid, yet so strong a world is annoying.
1,It's not fun
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It's a perfect movie to watch when you're bored to death.
1,wreck, mess, ruin
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
5,There's not enough justification to cover the murders.
6,Seven points is much weaker than Manta Shawshank.
5,9.14 is too high
1,Just look...
1,I haven't seen it yet
5,Why is this? It's just normal
5,Commonness
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,I was fooled by NAVER ratings and fell asleep without realizing it
2,Overcoming the weak dramatic elements Competition with powerful stories + 2. But the political color that is biased toward universalism
1,Sprout growing ^^
1,It's worth watching, but I don't like how you're a top ranker. Let's cut it
1,The acting was good, but it was so boring.
1,Top
4,Bacon's performance was good, but too humanistic
1,what is it.
6,6 points for Kevin Bacon's performance.Anything else...
1,Rating manipulation
1,Rating manipulation
1,Rating manipulation
1,Rating in progressing
2,Personally, I think... It was boring and nothing
3,To be honest, I wasn't touched, but I had fun.
6,Henry Young's last one is suicide, then?
6,A model guide for aspiring actors.
6,I don't like it.
6,Don't look forward to it. I hope you believe me.
1,ㅗ
1,Really?
1,The rating is too high -_-
1,I was tricked by the rating --ㅡㅡ
1,It's too high. Let's go down to 7 points!
1,First-degree murder -- lol
1,I'm out of it's gone.
1,Old woman, old woman, old woman, you have to get off
1,It's so cruel. I have to burn the film and get rid of it
1,Let's put the old woman down
1,What movie is this? It's a documentary.
1,Justice and truth prevail, but reality...There is another world.H.I felt so empty.
