빽 투 더 퓨쳐
6,
5,I don't know. It's coming.
1,The rating is too high. I don't understand
5,Sophisticated, funny and pleasant. I want to travel in the past, too.
6,The main character wants to destroy the annoying movie
1,It may be interesting as of 1985, but it is not a film that will be praised to this day.All of the so-called masterpieces transcend time and space with messages that penetrate the times. But this movie didn't. The performance of the time car seems to have fallen short of that.I think it's time to remove the famous movie bubble.
1,It's not funny. Oh, it's not funny
1,Don't watch this movie.My life will be ruined
1,I hope this rating is in the movie rankings
1,It's not fun. The rating is too high.
5,It was a masterpiece at that time.  I would have given a rating of 10.  However, I want to give him 2 points now, but considering that it is a masterpiece of the times, he gave me 5 points.  In these days, this level of immersion makes you fall asleep.
5,I watched it with my family, but it disappeared one by one
6,a delightful crystal of imagination
1,It's not fun. It's not funny.
4,It used to be a masterpiece, but now that I look at it... I think it's childish. I think it's flattering to say that it's comparable to movies these days.
1,I don't understand why so many people have such high ratings, though not all of them are part-timers.
1,Honestly, I don't know...
1,Why are you re-release it when it's not fun ^오^
1,"Back to the future". Why is your name is Back to the Future
2,It's more frustrating than that, so I scream several times... When this movie came out in the past, you would have said it was innovative and fun, but now you look... Even if the content is poor, the way the story unfolds is so frustrating and annoying. I saw it because I heard it was a classic masterpiece.
1,It's tacky and boring...
5,Now I think it's too old-fashioned and clumsy, and I hope we can meet again with modern technology and sophisticated remakes
1,a clumsy fantasy entertainment film that is not science fiction
6,It's full of misconfigurations, but it's pleasant
1,It's not fun. It's an old movie. It's not funny
6,Time travel is always fun.
5,First of all, I want to give a generous score to the 1985 movie. But now that I looked it up, I don't know.
4,It's great that it came out in the '80s, but it doesn't look so... The composition also feels childish. It's good for killing time
1,It's like people who give points to third-rate movies; if it's more than two points, it's just elementary school certification
1,It's a little childish and not that good
1,Is this movie fun?
1,It's a good movie, but the score is too high. Lower it
1,Haha. Fresh shock ^_^
5,A monumental work, yet it's just a little bubbly
1,;;;;ㄹㄹ
1,Back to the top
1,It's a grand movie, so it's 1 point
1,This movie is really interesting. But there is no loyalty.
1,Old movies are about the bossy business
1,That's not good.
1,Let's lower the rating! 9.35 is too much!
5,Too simple a story for a time travel material.
6,It's a movie that's similar to 17인과Gain. It's a movie that's too much to watch in this generation
5,As I always say, there is no irony in Old Boy's anti-war monster.
6,I can't believe this movie came out in '85. But it's not '85
1,It hurts...
1,I can't stand jealousy! It's so much fun.
6,If you look at it now, the story of the first episode is kind of obvious and cliche
1,It's fun, but...It's not that
1,It's better to watch a third-rate entertainment show like this, a night of Bolbba and a night of martial arts
5,This is not a masterpiece
1,It's legendary They say it's old without anything to download
1,I don't know if it's really funny This movie is childish, boring, cringe-worthy,
6,I like the ending because it's cool, but it's kind of...These days, movies are better. Nam Joo is handsome
1,It used to be fun, but now I don't know
1,It's not that...
1,They all liked it because it was a bit high
1,The rating is too high.
1,I love you!
1,It's a movie that I made a long time ago.
1,Killing time
5,Ah! At that time, the enemy of the United States was Libya
1,Is this higher than the national team? Back to the national team!
1,It wasn't as fun as the national team.
1,It is not a masterpiece compared to the national team
1,It's not good... National University
1,Childish jjamppong
1,The national team is much more fun
1,1 point because it's childish
1,The national team is much more interesting
1,He's so touched. He's so calm
5,The first one was pretty fun, but the second one was boring I didn't watch the third one
1,It's not fun at all
1,The rating is too high
1,It's a bit childish and boring
4,It must have been fun back then.
6,I see why it was so popular.
5,I enjoyed watching it when I was young
6,LOLThat was funny
2,In the middle. Is it because I didn't watch 1 and 2?My stomach was disgusting.I really like American movies
6,It's a generation...
1,That was not fun.
1,Honestly, I don't understand this kind of thing is more than nine points
6,I enjoyed watching it, but I think the rating is too high.
1,I think an eight-point rating would be good. 9 points or more is a total overrun
1,It wasn't good for me
1,Old-fashioned... That's really childish
1,The score is too high
1,The rating is a bit off
1,It's boring and boring, but why is it rated? It's some kind of shit
1,It's rather not.
1,That's not going to work
4,a low-quality movie
1,It's good
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
1,It's so-so.
1,It's not my cup of tea.
6,For killing time
6,It's fun. It's not a lot of fun
1,That's childish.
1,Elementary school movies...
1,I don't really...
6,Well, I have a feeling of rejection
1,It's always fun.
1,an interesting movie
1,It's such a strange movie.It's been too long. It's rotten
1,It's from a multi-cellular girl.
6,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
4,It fosters children's dreams and imagination.
1,It was fun, but... The score at the 9th grade is too much. Let's give it a discount it
5,If you have high expectations, you are disappointed
6,Isn't it the main seat of a time machine?
5,The 2007 rating isn't very...
6,below expectations
1,The material was good, but I didn't like it
1,See you!
1,I don't understand thrillers, but it's a good movie of the time
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
1,Top
1,I can't believe this is in the 9thank you
5,It's a masterpiece, but... From what I can tell... Well, can't we do anything about it?
1,NAVER rating is getting weird
6,It wasn't interesting. I saw that era pretty much
1,K
1,Why is it first place all of a sudden?
1,I can't believe this movie won first place
1,What?
1,What's this?
1,The rating is a bit off
2,Because Shawshank has to do his job
1,Shawshank needs to be first
6,It's fun to watch entertainment movies when you make them
6,There's nothing that touches my heart, so I'll give you 6 points
1,What is this? Movie money or money?
1,This is also a movie
1,What is this--
1,I sang while playing mp3 player in the movie theater
1,Disappointed--
1,I was a bit disappointed
1,It is a torture to watch a movie that is a waste of 1 star rating.
1,It's so much fun. Let's lower the score
1,It's so much fun! I really hope that kind of world comes!~
6,a mediocre entertainment film
6,a mediocre entertainment film
