고 녀석 맛나겠다
1,8 points is appropriate
1,Every inter-house court in the family will be standardized every day.
6,My mother's love, which is different in race but unchanging
1,The rating is too high.7 points is enough.
5,Am I weird? I'm not that impressed
1,Isn't this just too much of a fan's heart? Let's start the rating adjustment.
1,It's going to taste good lol
1,It's a very common new drama. Children's Annie. Moreover, the Japanese sentiment is more clear, so I thought it was produced in Japan alone, but I can't believe it's a joint venture between Korea and Japan. I guess he just paid for it's... --ㅡㅡ
1,The rating is too high. Not Lee Jeongdon
6,Crayon Shin-chan can't stop the dinosaur version... I think it's going to be fun for kids.
6,I think the rating is too high.
6,It's a good animation for a child. It's too childish for an adult.
1,I barely managed to do it because of the performance assessment
5,a very obvious story of development However, children are likely to like it because they try to deal with even that in the story at the same time. But it was hard to watch it after I got older. I'm glad the movie was short.
6,It's officially a dinosaur action movie...
4,Subtitle - I'm touched and I like animations, but I don't really...It would've been much more touching if Umaso was the ending alone, but I don't know what he's doing at the ending. It's a shame that Umaso is not the only professional voice actor. I didn't want to hear it because it was out of place
1,A movie that doesn't really mean anything
6,It was fun, but was it up to a rating? I want to. I don't know if there's going to be a 2 because there's no ending yet
6,It's childish.
1,You're completely fooled by the rating--
1,morality
1,I enjoyed it, too, but does 9.31 make sense? Did you work out? I give you 1 point to adjust the rating.
1,I was fooled by the kid's rating
5,Ugh, I'm disappointed in my grade;; I'll draw my daughter
2,Related search words. So funnylol
6,It feels like we played an arcade game. Umaso is so cute.
2,Wow... 9.35 points? How come?You're dealing with adoption and multicultural families?Interpreting more than dreaming--
2,I know that the painting is cute, family and educational, but it seems so insincere
1,It's touching ㅜㅜ
5,Doraemon: Reminds me of the dinosaur expedition
5,It's a children's movie.
6,Compared to the story, it's not as touching. A good children's movie.
1,It's not funny
6,It was exciting and touching. However, it did not seem to be able to overcome the limitations of animated films.
1,I hate touching things.
3,The content suddenly changes
3,I saw it, and I'm not funny
6,a hard-to-understand film
6,Satisfied with warm emotions, satisfied with cute characters, but dissatisfied with the poor development of the story
6,The fresh ingredients were good, too obvious developments and the bottle-flavored elements were disappointing.
3,If it's too obvious, childish, and cringe-worthy, and your face is dented, it's just a movie that kids watch
6,touching motherhood and denial
6,Japanese animation showed the importance of raising children through the world of dinosaurs
6,A warm family movie I would recommend to families with children.
3,It was too childish ㅠㅠ
6,A family movie that the whole family can watch together.
1,I don't recommend it to adults ^^
1,Anime is too highly rated
6,It's like an infant. A kindergarten student watched it and left the animation in less than 30 minutes
1,I can't understand.
1,Laughing
1,It wasn't really good
5,The start was good, but the end was bland, below expectations
6,They're cute dinosaurs, but they're also plain
1,It's so much fun
5,a poor work
6,The kids are going to get excitedHah!
1,There are a lot of embarrassing and random scenes. The fun isn't that... It was just for children
1,It's not that...
5,I'm a little sad that it didn't meet my expectations for a Japanese animation
5,I expected it to be a Japanese animation, but it's just for children, not for adults.
5,I barely saw my daughter, who was crying with fear. It would have been a waste if it wasn't early morning.
1,This kind of taste
1, yin
1,For me, accustomed to Ghibli animation, it was nothing more than childish
3,It's easy to watch with the kids during the rainy season
6,The big heart is cuter
5,The character is so cute.
1,Well, he doesn't taste good.
2,It's a movie where everyone's trying to be nice.Perfect for kids only
5,Don't believe in the ratings The movie that children watch. The rating for children
5,It's a story that's worth watching for a storyteller. But it's a huge development, and the story breaks down
4,It's a disaster if you thought about the stormy night. a great deal of course.
1,The 100 percent children's movie is so childish that it is cringe-worthy for adults.
6,a dinosaur episode of sleeping with the enemy
5,cliche
