자백
6,That evil is like light. He attacks everyone and dries the powerless.
6,the world of those who make sacrifices to others and take the moon
1,Who is this? Aren't you the master of incitement? You're not going to eat American beef, are? I have a hole in my brain
4,He lied about being a North Korean defector in China, got a settlement money, got a Korean ID card, and lied, but he lied about it. I can't defend what I was trying to get
6,PD Choi, cheer up!
1,Once you know the truth, you know how scary incitement is. the pigs
1,Arms Kura, conditions for Nutsche development.
1,National Environmental Non-Republican Land Law
1,seujkfdtug
1,Man-made the manipulation and the fleet. There's nothing much I can do about this
1,634584585453 Choi Seung-ho, who deceived the whole nation with false incitement and caused social confusion for half a year, is waiting for your confession53
1,That's just like Choi Seungho. As expected, Choi Seungho!
1,a fraudulent film that pretends to be true
1,This is a bit... I don't like it.
1,Mm-hmm. Not enough to call it a movie
1,their story that cannot be reasoned unless it is manipulation
1,As such a person occupies a place, humans change completely. The government seems to be more dominated by the media than by the government. hidden powers unobserved by the citizens
1,The poster is very similar to the American movie Spotlight. It's not funny, it's not funny, it's just imitating
1,It's the worst. I can't see it
5,How could you call a North Korean to make a movie? I felt sorry for the scene where we were talking on the phone shaking. What are you going to do if you want to be arrested by North Korea's high office You didn't even check if it was okay now, did you? Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh a bad egg.
1,The logic of this movie? Kim Ki-choon and Won Se-hoon are corrupt figures. Therefore, Yoo Woo-sung, who they caught, is innocent
5,Yoo Woo-sung lied that he was a Chinese in the NIS investigation after defection.He then visited North Korea several times as a Chinese.The NIS is trying to manipulate documents and easily deal with them as spies. Yoo Woo-sung's younger brother lied to the NIS that he wasn't a Chinese banished to ChinaIsn't it a spy to visit North Korea several times as a Chinese like Yoo Woo-sung?
4,After taking off one of your eyelids for a long time, the step ending roll comes up
1,0123456789 It smells like foam. I'll give you 1 point.
2,The story composition and development method are unfortunate.
1,I don't know. This? Just? Oh, my.
1,I can't believe this kind of movie is 9.34
1,A documentary that believes in a North Korean con woman rather than the NIS, instead of destroying the truth or implementing justice
1,If you just accept it all, it can be seen as excessive who filters out spies, but shouldn't you admit the inevitable parts for national security?
1,This is also a documentary
1,There are a lot of movies like this these days. Is it a movie?
1,This kind of movie is 9.34 shows the reality of Korea
6,I think it's a bit biased.
1,A pseudo-religious movie that only exists in Korea
1,Rating: Don't make it up. Make it up. Shareholders making
1,We'll adjust the rating until we get the confession
1,The poster is plagiarizing the movie spotlight. I'm not sure about the content
1,It's like watching a movie, food, trash, or an attention seeker who wants to become a no-funny
6,The traditional strong people of the Korean people have been continuing ㅠㅠ
1,No one has seen it, but there are many people who evaluate it
1,What is this red movie?
1,I'm going to win
1,I don't want to be a ragged democracy
1,You're going to watch this theater?
1,The world needs to change. I sympathize with the intent and passion of the documentary. But let's not change the rating of Naver's movies, far left zombies. I give you 1 point because of the balance. Understand.
1,It's too high.8 points higher
1,별들의 도시~
1,It is by no means a film that deserves a rating of nearly 9.5
1,Mad cow-burning, Ferry Sewol corpse.In uncivilized Korea, incitement works in uncivilized Korea like a dog pig. an absurd rubbish movie
1,I like documentaries.  It's so boring.As if you were tricked by the rating... You came out because you were annoyed while watching
1,I'm sick of the false incitement press.
1,According to the investigation, he was found guilty of making fake ID cards, stealing North Korean defectors' contact information and sending them to North Korea under false pretenses, and was found not guilty of espionage by a left-wing judge.
1,It's Choi Eh Eh Ah Ah! Oh, my
5,The National Intelligence Service cannot be seen as a bad thing in the movie. Some may not have been able to maintain the system because of the regime and those in power. Obviously, I did something wrong with the movie, but not everything with the movie is bad with the NIS. They could be the shield of the country
1,Is it a good thing you tricked a North Korean defector into coming in while being a Chinese? You tricked me to get help from North Korea
1,As a movie, the level of perfection is one point. Some people are falsely accused of being spies. But we are at war. Don't forget it's at war. I don't want Korea to collapse as a spy.
1,Unparalleled garbage...
1,Does anyone know how to give 0 points? What kind of trashy movie is there?lol
1,Personally, it wasn't fun
1,Typical leftist conspiracy theory movie.
1,Look at the ratings. They manipulated the ratings as a group
1,What kind of fun is it? Turn it off after 20 minutes
1,As expected, NU'EST W. Marvelous.
6,It's a documentary that's
1,You made a documentary like a fiction
1,It's better to have a single room than a coal mine.I can take a shower in Auji coal mine, but I'm happy to take a shower in my own room.You lived a comfortable life.
1,What am I supposed to say? Are you sucking at this kind of movie that defends dirty Yanbian crab birds? Please wake up. Of course, North Korean defectors should be conservative and thoroughly investigated. Even if it is not a spy, it must be thoroughly investigated. Don't be incited. You guys
1,Fact is not a pure fact as soon as it is selected...
1,Oh, now... After watching this movie, I will curse the country and be deceived by Red and give information. It's wrong to manipulate the NIS to increase its performance, but I don't know why we have to protect the human rights of the Reds while spending taxes... What if there's a real spy?
1,If it's not fun, it's just politics
1,A country where directors make fictional films, and audiences truly believe in movies
1,The reason for giving one star is the pity for Naver, which cannot give 10 stars. When JTBC reporters asked MBC reporters if they were embarrassed, MBC reporters couldn't raise their heads.This movie director is a former reporter who voluntarily came out of MBC.Someone who knows how to feel guilty
1,Don't manipulate the comments with your words.What's this?It's a waste of radio waves.And is it Yoo Woosung?Isn't he a spy?Why is the Korean people doing such a thing?Don't believe it's a producer
4,tenacity rather than perfection The press is still alive
1,Why are you pretending to be a North Korean defector and all kinds of benefits glorifying an injured offender like this? I don't understand why you're being punished and whining while committing a crime
1,A high critic's score proves what a left-handed movie it is
1,You can kill the red.No one says they are red. However, Kim Jong Un, Kim Jong Il, and those who can't do it are definitely red. In other words, you're being fooled yourself
1,I'm in trouble. Oh, my. 9 points for a spy movie. I like Kim Jong Un. PD achieved his goal.
1,You know what Chinese means, right? Distorting the Chinese as North Korean defectors is a comedy.This is why Koreans dress up as North Korean defectors and come to Korea. The writers of the press can't see it from an objective point of view, so this kind of tabloid movie is coming out...
1,He got fired from instigating in the MBC and went out
1,I make the worst kind of demagoguery
6,Fake confession. What the hell is this country?
1,We need to get rid of this country's portal.
1,You need to take all your employment to get a hold of yourself
1,Reddish Brown 1232131313
1,The movie industry is already a left-wing paradise
1,Isn't it a left-leaning movie? Let's stop watching this
6,Late review... I like the point of saying it, but it has no cinematic quality...
1,I'll give you 1 point because it's a red movie As a Korean citizen ^^
1,Go down... Go down.
2,2 points for following the spotlight poster
1,It's a shame that this is in the 9-point range. What is the movie saying? Release Lee Seok-ki?
5,The movie version is like I want to know. My younger brother said that the editing and the video was intense, so I was fooled and watched it. It's just a documentary movie.
1,What's this? This movie doesn't win first place
1,It's not fun. It's not trustworthy
1,This won the Shawshank escape?
1,Truth? Truth? Which one is true and true?
1,What is this? It's a loss
1,You're witnessing a scene where lies become truth.
1,I'm here to adjust the ranking
1,It's not a 9.4 movie. I can't believe it
6,Korean political history writing the history of comedy.
2,What do you call a spy? What do you call it?
1,Don't pay for it
1,Left-wing favorite political film
5,It would have been better if it was "Unanswered Questions" rather than a movie. To say it's a movie...
1,The movie is too political and biased
1,I really don't think this is right
1,This is higher than Shawshank's Escape, Leon?Are you sure you're going to give stars to them?There must be a lot of part-timers
1,Yes, it's good. 1 point
6,Considering the efforts to protect the country against the North, there could be some inevitable mistakes as long as it is done by humans. It is not right to use those parts as an excuse to insult many people who have devoted themselves to this Republic of Korea. But I'll comfort some of the people who felt wronged.
1,I don't know, but the critic's rating is high, so it must be a boring and boring movie
4,It seems like there are only people who believe in and watch the government. Why are there so many complaints?
5,It's good to promote the violence of public power.Not as good as Newstapa's projects like The Witness.  There is no consideration for the audience's understanding of the play, and it is simply a list of what has been filmed.
1,A movie that comforts Kim Jong Un.
1,A movie that is too left-leaning.
2,Don't try to overthrow the country
1,Fake. If the spy agency caught the wrong spy, the film only deliberately continues that the government is wrong.
1,The Reds are in trouble. They're making promotional materials for the Reds
1,The rating is too high, so I'll lower it
1,That's not good. I'll give you 1 point.
1,This is... Isn't this the director's brain delusion? There is a strong intention to make a national institution very ridiculous and disrespectful, but it is responsible for doing anti-state activities under the name of freedom of expression and creation
6,Ordinary, crude... ridiculed by those who call it progress. Low standards always win.  The great movies are the typhoon in the teacup.  If you go one step further, you have to go beyond writing letters to be able to understand politics properly through the text of the movie.
5,I copied the spotlight poster too much.  This isn't right
1,Manipulation, fabrication, distortion, incitement, demon editing... The nuclear waste that they created by showing their mainstream waste!
1,I can't believe this
1,I'm laughing and going. What's wrong with this?lol
1,I don't know how to get a high score. I just don't have a fact check.It's just suspicions, sloppy squeezing...
1,What's this? It's a movie or a documentary
5,It must be election season already~~
1,It will be a movie that the South Korean government will love to criticize and criticize, and the left-leaning government will not talk about human rights in North Korea
1,Just in case, don't watch it As soon as the movie started, the narration came out and it was a documentary, so I laughed because I was speechless with OOO friends I slept after about 20 minutes, but I can't sleep wellYes
1,I hope all North Koreans watch this movie I strongly recommend it!
1,Cover the girl, cover the story. It's so fake
1,Is this what a show is like, comrade?
1,Looking at the picture, it's obvious even if you don't watch the red movie
6,The production team worked really hard. But he's making a fuss because it's a broadcast, and I'm not sure if it's okay for him to be shown without makeup. Criminals also decide whether to show their faces or not based on their crimes. The production team's own judgment that these crimes are sufficient to reveal their faces?
1,A movie that clearly shows how left-leaning Korea is
1,Why am I watching this in the movie theater for 9,000 won?It occurred to me that I guess it was more because I missed it in the beginning because I didn't know if it was based on a true story or if it was fiction. A movie that doesn't come to me at all
1,The problem is that overseas Chinese deceive North Korean defectors. If it is not espionage, what is it that he sent to the North the materials he has extracted since becoming a public official by screening North Korean defectors from the city hall?
1,I'm so tired of the left and right people
1,Problem, problem, problem... It's easy to throw a problem, but there's no more.
5,What are the things that you think are political after watching a movie about politics? What do you mean you don't understand? Are you just trying to argue?
2,This kind of movie is obvious. It is a country of corruption in the Republic of Korea, and it is unfortunate that he was born in such a country, and it is the heads who made such a country...I don't admit that each of our own people made it like that.
1,It's not a movie that's going to get 1st place
1,It's just boring...
1,Is it a movie about a human being who is under the controversy over a disguised defector because there is no human being to cover it The contents of the document are almost the same, but it's because China didn't issue it, can it be considered a manipulation?
1,Hmm...? Hmm?
1,The message is shallow, the development is mixed up, and it feels like I'm peeking at the diary that I wrote right before someone else falls asleep
1,Why are you winning first place on the showshank? How dare you!
1,Whether it is the police who catch thieves or the spy agency, it is all human work. Manipulation is a serious thing, but did you close the possibility of a mistake in the first place and make a movie with a purpose?
1,It is a very harsh video that Q can be biased like this, not even a movie
1,Watch a movie as a movie. Don't link politics. 1 point for poor composition and contrived production. Funny how you dare to be on the Shawshank escape.
6,The cinematic fun that I can feel in documentaries is not that...
1,Next time, Moon Jae In, please talk about Song Min-soon's memoir. I'll give you 10 points then.
1,Work hard! way to go
1,I don't want to give you 0 point, but I give you 1 point because I don't have any. It's disgusting to watch a movie
1,Isn't this too political?
1,It's not a movie, it's an accusation. I want to know itIt's like this, but I watched it all the time while cursing the producer who made this movie
1,Moon Jae In is the most likely candidate for the next presidential election.
1,A movie about making money on issues
1,There are a lot of unknown proud patriots.You're dissing me so much.I think we need a sense of balance.
1,It's not forgiving to outdo Shawshank
1,Alba, you guys have to confess.
3,Don't make a movie. Politics~Director
1,It's too high, so I'll lower it
1,I don't want the movie to be political
1,1. The NIS manipulated the espionage case 2. It is not too late to remove the NIS and the National Security Law after reunifying North Korea with liberal democracy 3. Before that, what is the inside of those who insist on dismantling 4. Why are all the critics of the Hankyoreh 21 participating? 5. It is a work that can be juxtaposed with many masterpieces
1,It doesn't make sense to win first place for Shawshank
1,A movie that's hard to open because of the NIS. People think the government and the National Intelligence Service are up to scratch
1,The spy agency manipulated the espionage case and the film's ratings were manipulated
1,If the North Korean regime falls, I will shout for the dissolution of the NIS before anyone else
6,Time will make you confess
1,CIX21 is so excited. And if you don't like it, go to another country and live by being a critic
1,Oh, I'm scaredlol
1,Who is this? Attention seeker Seungho
1,There is no direct evidence that Yoo Woo-sung is a spy, but considering various circumstances, espionage is certain.1. When entering Korea, he hid that he was a Chinese and entered as a North Korean defector 2. Changed his name from Yuja River to Yu Woo-sung 3. He entered the department that manages North Korean defectors, and there is only evidence of espionage in North Korea
1,All the Reds are innocent. Let's start with the left-handed judiciary
1,ㅈㅈ,,
5,a wistful struggle of anger to have a sharp look
5,I haven't seen the movie yet.The poster is so similar to the spotlight that it's hard to choose because it's drawn before you look at it
1,It's a waste of political movies
1,Not a single star is a waste.I was fooled by the poster, but it's not fun.I finally watched another movie ㅠㅠ
1,Wow, if you click on the ID, it doesn't show that you're a part-timerI don't want to see it every time I see my part-time job. And the poster is copied in the spotlight
5,It's a biased movie. You have to make a movie with an objective perspective so that the audience can judge.
1,Poster plagiarism. Besides, Yoo Oh-sung was convicted of most other crimes than the National Security Law. The uncivilized public is just innocent of the National Security Law, pretending everything is innocent and manipulated by the NIS. What do you want to explain?
1,You're confident after plagiarizing the spotlight poster. a film without conscience I'm filtering it
1,I'm leaving a comment because I've been to North Korea several times since I defected to China, worked as a civil servant in Seoul style, took out the North Korean defectors' identity, especially because of the court that doesn't recognize the wiretapping materials
1,Documentary... well-organized, but...
1,It's just a political movie. No fun
5,I hope there's no one in the world who feels wronged
1,I think it's a fake movie
3,As you should know, it wasn't fun as a movie. You don't have to pay to get angry. It is fully accessible to other media. There was no appeal as a medium of film.
1,I don't like things like this.
1,a well-intentioned movie of codeSome people in Seoul would like it
