가나의 혼인잔치: 언약
1,Jesus Christ and the love of God. The beginning of the brain.
1,a fictional film written by Jesus Christ
1,People who are crazy about Christianity have a high rating on movies that they can never relate to
1,a pseudo-religious film
1,For rating adjustment
1,Darren Aronowski's film Mother! recommendation of
1,I don't know why it's rated high.
1,I'll give you a definition of the movie rating manipulation
1,Jesus never comes back to life...
1,It's a waste of even one star
1,Just look at the Christians lol
2,So so. Yes, yes, yes.
6,I was disappointed in about three parts. First, for reasons to believe in Jesus Christ. The reason why I believe in Jesus is because I am grateful. God's love for me, the innocent Jesus Christ who died because of me, because of that love. However, in this movie, the viewers tried to preach the gospel with fear of God's words based on the covenant. The second is the translation of Hughger. Huger is said to have a dictionary meaning lifted into the air, and it is said that this expression was used by a Protestant sect. In the context of this movie, I think this expression should have been expressed as a second term. Third, it is called a documentary, but historical books and relics of the time were not supported.  For these reasons, it was a movie that left a lot of regrets about the purity of the gospel.
1,a poo-smelling sermon for the intellectually challenged
1,The 70 minutes of running time, which ended with a poor ending due to poor production of the Bible, is a waste of graduation work, and the time is wasted
4,
4,I'm just going to do this on TV as a documentary. Watch it on TV I almost died of sleepiness from the beginning to the end, but regardless of whether there is or not, I think it would be very comfortable to live if I had faith without any doubt. What a smart person. At this rate, I can rule the people without touching them, and if I get closer to death, I think I'm here to pick him up and face a comfortable death.
6,I followed my wife to see it without thinking, and I'm glad I didn't fall asleep.
1,I misunderstood the Bible prophecy and made it.
1,From a non-religious standpoint... I don't know. It's like watching the knowledge channel.
2,The movie seemed contradictory because it was seen from the standpoint of no religion.
1,What was I looking at? The rating was high, so I just reserved it and watched it. It was a chaotic movie for me without religion. ㅠㅠ In the future, I will reserve it after watching basic information.
6,It's a little tricky Of course, it's a good thing to warn of the end of the world
2,You've made it too unconvincing for a believer.It's a message to stay awake, but I only fell asleep.
