더 코브: 슬픈 돌고래의 진실
4,The bugs who see this and curse at Japan will stick their dogs to death in our country and eat them alive because cats are good for men's energy, but they won't know. Do you feel sorry for dolphins? What about dogs and cats that are sacrificed to protect our men? The reason why Korean people are the most inhospitable and personality trash on earth. It is because they never reflect on their faults, but they point fingers at others' faults and pretend to be moral.
1,You call this cruel, but are you good at eating chickens? As soon as it comes out of the egg, it separates and many pretty and cute chicks are split~ Dolphins are aquatic monkeys, so they're more pitiful and the meat they eat is just delicious~
1,The Dog: The Truth of the Sad Dogs
1,..........................................................................
1,Aren't you poor cow pigs?
1,It was filmed too partially. There are many false parts of the movie by intentionally filming and editing only the bad aspects of Japan. This was such a problem that it was banned
5,Isn't this animal discrimination? What if they are constantly eating beef, pork, and chicken while making this program? Does it mean that only whale life matters and other animals don't matter?  I don't eat fish, I just eat meat. I don't know.
1,Where is this documentary reflection on human dignity and ethics? Just because you're passing all the hate on fishermen in certain countries, you're the exception to this article.The moral standards created by man in the face of the absolute proposition of "kill" are meaningless
1,The dangers of a documentary that unilaterally wraps up only one opinion, an uncomfortable truth that does not mention the facts that the other side claims in a single word.
1,Rating adjustment
2,I'll give you two points because you had a hard time acting up.
5,There may be a lot of mercury-filled dolphin meat around the world, not whale meat.
1,You don't want to eat pigs? Are you upset if you don't even see the minority?
1,I leaned too much on the feeling of anger at cruelty. All animals that are eaten die brutally
1,Beef, pork, chicken, other meat eaters, reflect on yourself
1,The resolution is bad, it's boring, it's worth watching the whale tumbling
6,A sad song by dolphin lovers who not only rebuke Japan but also nothing more
6,I almost threw up when I saw it. Japan is a race that should never be trusted. History or whatever.
1,I guess a Korean dog meat documentary will come out soon.
1,"Dolphin is Chakan, but I'm the only Japanese who gave it to me "Going, going."
3,Human sacrifice for meat is cruel to all life.That's a good intention, but it'
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Don't eat dog meat how much dogs like people and talk to each other everyday why kill them disgusting and pathetic Korea
6,A documentary that realizes the horror of biased visual images.
1,It's just "Don't kill dolphins because they're cute in the eyes of Westerners."
2,Whale meat is so delicious. If you haven't tried it, don't talk.
1,What a waste of time. Hypocrisy is unimpressed. MBC media manipulation level. showing only one-sided sides
1,Are you all fan eaters?What about us who are we?
1,Whether Japan catches dolphins, the U.S. catches cows, or Korea catches dogs, they're all the same
1,The sickening U.S. criticizes Japan. What is Korean dog meat?
1,Why do you make such a documentary movie?  There's no content
1,How many cows die each year in the United States? Who's blaming who?
1,What about you guys? Is it okay to raise them?Goose, dog, catch cows that you've been raising all your life
5,The rating is too high ^^*
1,The white guy who made this must be a vegetarian
1,I hate Japan, but this documentary is definitely trash
5,Is it a cultural difference or a political show?
4,Rather than a movie, it's just a documentary.
1,I envy your passion for believing that you are right.But no more incitement with biased videos.
1,A romantic adventure story of a rich white man who is young and puts all the blame on the yellow monkeys.
1,Would you feel sorry for me if I took a picture of our dog slaughtering?Pathetic things
1,It would be good if I cut pollack head...If you catch a dolphin, you're a savage...What? It's just a human standard
1,Sad, touching, but boring.
5,Am I dry? I didn't even see it until the end.I was sleepy
6,It is the same as foreigners who blame Boshintang.
1,I don't recommend it
1,What's wrong with your rating?
1,It's kind of like dari-dari?
1,It's sad
1,You need to manage your ratings.
1,In fact, 10 and 1 are either objective or emotionally involved.lol
1,You can't beat a part-timer. Be careful...Accurate Rating Board (Quality Committee)
1,Should this movie be rated as well? I know it's good, but part-timer Panchim?
1,9 points is appropriate
1,만
1,That's a good movie
1,Let's cut it
1, high, tall
6,It stings but it's a bit weird Kind of like that? But the conclusion is that Japan is cruel
1,Rating adjustment 9.04
1,The absurd view of Westerners who are so conceited that they are superior that they force their own way on other peoples
1,How can this be higher than the national team?
1,This is the icon of the race among Bacon's four major iconography. Dolphins are just dolphins
1,Naver Score = Pointless Score All the latest movies are 9 or higher
1,It's so much fun that I spend 90 minutes For 59 seconds, you have to watch
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Need some rating adjustment 9.05 Moderate
5,It's all relative
6,What's this? I'm a fool who wants to be funny.Sorry
6,I think it's the same for all animals that have lost their lives, but if you hit them like that, you can't eat meat
1,Not really
1,Japanese processing technology is so high that most people eat it. Usually, shark hunting only hits shark pins and throws them away
1,What's this?
1,The reason why the rating is high: Because of Japan
1,Please don't close the rating But it's not fun when it's not fun
1,Is it a rating manipulation?
1,Is this fun?
1,To be honest, it's not fun.
1,What is it?
1,National team, way to go! Let's go!
1,Is this a documentary?
1,What are you doing?
1,It's not just Japan
1,I saw this and the dolphin's voice sounded so weird that I got 1 point
1,Korean Movies Must Be Top Ratings
1,He's so touched. He's so calm
1,I'm sick of it. It's half the fun -- watch Avatar, Avatar, watch it in 3D
1,Then, I'm tired of it
1,I'm a national fan
1,It's a documentary, so I don't get used to it
1,The national team is the best
1,Damn it.
1,I'm sad ㅠㅠ
1,The national team should be number one
1,Go down
1,How can you believe this is true? It's nonsense to believe only what Western animal lovers say.
5,The Truth About the Sad Dolphin
2,I'm generous, too
2,I'm generous when I give you one point
1,I'm a big fan of the national team
1,I don't recommend it
1,Foreign movies can't beat Korea's ratings
1,Sad story is 1
1,You have to give 1 point for sad stories
1,What weird movie got first place?
1,Mime?
1,How dare this push the national team out?
1,Compared to avatars--
1,I'm out of the national team
1,Long live the national team!
1,The Eskimo must be a savage because they eat whale meat raw, and soon they will be in Korea
1,It was a meaningful documentary, but why should dolphin capture be criticized? What's the difference with fish?
