바이올렛 에버가든 - 영원과 자동 수기 인형 -
2,It was no fun. I don't know what I want to say. Just the picture is pretty. I'm sick of treating Violet like a princess with all her beauty
5,The movie version of "Violet" by Kyoeni!The quality was still great, but... Too much of a mediocre story. I can't get rid of the feeling that I doubled the story of ova, which is half the story from my sister's point of view and half the story from my younger brother's point of view. an unexpected piece of art
4,Is this view window a sacred place for otaku?
4,Compared to the original story, it's boring, unclear what it's headed for, and less touching. I don't know the rest of the parts except for painting and visual beauty.
4,Only the visual beauty was good.It's a story that doesn't mean anything, and there's no incident or conflict. It's just time for half of the movies to be old maid and half to be pampered. Unless he's super sensitive, he'll just doze off watching.I enjoyed the animated film, but the movie version is not as good as I expected
6,The production is pretty and worth watching
4,I was bored and hated the awkwardness of trying to squeeze tears out of my eyes like a Korean new wave movie or drama. I think it would have been a waste of money if it weren't for the 0% empathy of the story.
2,I can't even get the last week of the privilege because my house is Pyeongtaek.Extend Megabox No Answer to May!
5,Drawing beautiful doesn't make you feel beautiful
4,The level of painting is high, but the depth of the story is low
4,The video is such a waste. The TV version was also luxurious, but the movie version is great. On the other hand, since Violet Evergarden is not centered, there is no mystery continuing with Violet's past, and the lingering emotional line cannot be covered with well-drawn paintings. One person who did not watch the TV version will not know the characteristics of the violet, so there is a lot of room for less excitement if you watch the extra movie.
4,The video beauty and OST were so good, but the story was so corny and boring that I dozed off rather than feeling touched in the second half
1,Otaku, why are you looking at this? It's dirty
1,I was so sleepy Personally, it wasn't fun
1,You guys are so disgusting
1,I'm a poor at drawing.If the painting was bad, I would have skipped it. It was so plausible that I was tricked, but the directing was bad. In short, pretty poo
6,I think the movie is better than the original, but the story is disappointing, but I am satisfied to see it again!
6,Violet that delivers happiness this time too.
6,the height of Western romance acceptable to modern Japan
2,I don't think it's good LOL
1,I just watched it and I watched it with my precious time, but it's not fun if I go crazy because it's a waste of time over money!!!!
1,I want to give you 0 points if I can
