브링 더 소울 : 더 무비
1,I admire and respect BTS's performance, but is this a movie? Let's skip things like this, NAVER. I'm not kidding. It's a movie
1,
1,2020 3421.p-123 for rating adjustment
2,Stop making your own documentary, Big Hit
2,I just saw a video of Brinder Soul rerun on JTBC. I think I would have done better if the video students had planned and edited it. I feel sorry. I don't have an email from the company. I'm a fan, but objectively, when I watch it in theaters.
6,BTS got 10 points!One point for editing!    --;;;;ㅡㅡ;;;;
1,Don't believe the reviews left by BTS fans. It's not fun.
1,Just don't look
6,bts는 게이이다.
1,It's not fun. Hahahaha
1,I don't know why I made this. It was such a waste of money Just break up BTS
1,It's boring, it's boring, it's boring, it's boring.It's a waste of time and money.Just say it's a record.
6,The screen time is too short
1,You guys...Get a hold of yourself, please
2,Is this a concert?Is it a movie?
1,It's no fun. I'll never watch it again
2,I don't like this one.
1,...........lol...
2,...~ ... ~....~ ....This is far away. Only the bone marrow watches it
1,It looks like they're manipulated and fake
1,This morning's stir-fried spicy pork is so good
1,Everything is coming out
1,It's not worth a damn for a movie
1,It's so boring. Who's going to pay for it
1,It's a boring and hateful movie
1,If L.O.라이브.E live is 1 point, this is 0.1 point. Capitalism's ultimate waste
1,Collecting miscellaneous videos and releasing them as movies
1,Disappointing More Than Bundestage
2,If you're a fan, it's worth watching ㅜㅜ Yawn 7 times with kids ㅜㅜ
1,BTS was always red. 300,000 viewers
5,Really, really, really. Awesome
3,There are parts that I can't hear well and I don't think I had an interview. But BTS is cool.
1,I don't know about anything else, but it took a long time to get tickets for the movie in front of everyone.If you're that popular, you can build a separate machine.
1,BTS flowers bloomed in ARMY's heart
1,a low-key movie that would make people crazy
1,Buring me!!!
2,The man's name is Suga? Oh, my God
1,Kanada Ramabasa Azacha
1,Well, hmmm, uh...
2,Director, don't film a movie just because you're an actorWhy didn't you make it look like Bundle Stage?The editing is a mess.You can't do that to Tan
1,The movie's favorite group is teenage girls.
1,What is this?
4,Is it only me who doesn't understand Korean?I went to see the concert because of my kid, but I wanted to show you the concert or play a song properly.
1,Why would you pay for this?;;; What a waste of money. I'd rather watch something else twice
1,RM did. Use us. But that's not what you said, right? Why do you talk like you said what Jin said?
1,Is this a movie? It'll be over once or twice on a variety show
1,I wish I'd just put the fans together and play it there.
2,Fighting, BTS! Are you cheering for us?
1,Do this only on TV, entertainment shows, ㅠㅠ what kind of movie is it?
4,If you try to focus on it, it breaks... Rather than just being a fan, their stories. BTS is too probable and frankly poor in content to know the group.
1,Look at the rating for being popular. Dirty ARMY
1,Documentary for Ppasoon. I want to give 10 points
1,What's wrong with the rating?shivering
2,Wow. I've never seen such a rating before
1,I'm scared to steal money from you.
6,1.Distracted production that is not as good as Run BTS. 2.I heard 80% of what you were talking about. There should have been subtitles. There are no overseas tour stories such as performances in the U.S. and Wembley that shone this year.4.The scene between the colorful stage and the quiet hotel room behind the stage was cool and sad.
1,A movie that's worth half a degree...
2,It would have been nice if we could go crazy like Bohemian Rhapsody.It's easy to make money from movies
2,Everyday idol movies are like the same type of movies
1,Why spring? It's not fun, but I don't understand
1,It's really boring. Is there anyone who watches it other than BTS fans?
1,Do I just have to go to the army now?
1,Why did you make it? Did you think it would be like Bohemian Rhapsody?
1,No fun, no money, body drink
1,I don't like movies like this.
1,I miss youㅠㅠ Raise the truth!
1,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,Thanos is on his way for balance
1,Think of my 1 point as 10 points.
1,It's not some kind of religion
1,I'm sure all the people who give 10 points are ARMY.
1,What? This is in the movie section.This is something that you can rent with your fans.What do you want me to do if I suddenly appear in NAVER movies?
1,I give you 1 point because of the cast
1,My friend likes Bangtan very much
1,??? What's your rating? Is the movie rating 9.8 for real?
1,Concert goods, broadcasting, music, sponsored SNS, and other ways to make money. Amazing Keep making money with your nose in it
1,Why does this idol music video become a movie?I don't understand.What's good?
1,It's not that I don't like BTS, but it seems like the movie was made by the seniors of the agency to take advantage of the fans' fan sentiment. If it's a video for the fans, I think you can just show it through streaming service. Do you have to watch a movie?
1,He said he didn't know who BTS was. When I saw the previous movie at the theater, there was positive energy that he received because the stage and performance were so colorful. They're looking forward to that and they're watching this, too. There's only backstage and no performance scene I don't recommend people like me
1,A movie that's worse than a piece of kimchi thrown away in a food waste bin
1,But you'll still get over the ubd
1,It's not a variety show or any show time, it's making a movie. I know BTS is popular, but let's not release it after saying it's a movie. What is this?
1,He does all kinds of things
1,Why is this coming out?
1,You're working hard. If you raise the rating, you'll be able to see 200,000 people on the sharing website
1,I followed my friend, but...
1,You guys watch this crap on yourselves
1,So in conclusion, BTS is the best?
1,Do movies come out when you're bored now?
2,I recommend that you don't watch it
2,A one-point rating is required for an objective perspective
1,Why is it so funny that the giant pigs, who weigh nearly 100kg, go to CGV with their hands down?
1,Why are you doing this in a theater? It's a waste of film!
1,First of all, just to be polite, Chaengmo-Sm. Yes
1,First of all, just to be polite, Chaengmo-Sm. Yes
2,Is it a movie or a singer? Please just sing
1,Collecting money from fans... I'm sick of it. The stick and the clothes were so expensive. Now, the name is just a movie.  It's understandable, but I think it's too much to attract in your prime
1,As expected, BTS is greatHahaha
5,Oh, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom. So, 5 points
1,In the eyes of the general public... I think it's just for ARMY. It's not fun
1,There's no reason to watch this movie
1,We're going to start the process of preventing rating manipulationHah!
1,How can you make this into a movie? That's so funny
1,Bring the soul the movie
2,Is this a movie? Why are you watching a movie on YouTube?
1,It's a video clip for Ppasoon by Ppasoon
1,Phew, that's why you can't show good movies
1,It's "Deep". "To-nyeo-jee-jae
1,Why make this a movie...
2,Turn it off-- oh, my god
1,Why are you making this stuff and watching it? I don't have enough theaters, but because of this movie, I'm losing my place in other good movies
1,I think it's a little too much
1,What do you want me to do? Download it and play it on your own.Because of this movie, many good movies are less likely to get into theaters.Is Park Soonhee a government official?
1,--심-- This is serious lol
1,It's such a waste to give even one point
1,I'd rather watch a Green Lantern than watch this
1,Woongha isn't as good as I thought
4,The movie itself is not fun, but it's a movie that only ARMY will like it.
1,There's not much to it. You'll see a lot of talkative RMs who recognize themselves as thinking childishly but thinking okay.
1,It's not my cup of tea
1,You don't have to do this at a movie theater ㅠㅠ
5,I'm a fan of BTS, but this kind of squeezing documentary isn't right. It would have been better if we could have let them watch our concert in the theater this year. I can't hear the members well and the resolution isn't that great. Think about quality more than money
2,Sigh... Why are you showing this in a movie theater? Do it in a movie theater or watch only the fans in a movie theater. I reserved it without knowing the age You'll be confused--
2,I was wondering what movie it was, and it's pathetic
1,Why didn't you just play it on YouTube? Why did you have to watch a movie;;
1,This is not a movie. If you really want to throw away your money, watch it It's such a waste of time and it's annoying
2,Why are you making this up?
1,Please don't do that
2,It's just a pity that I can't see the opportunity for other works of art or social criticism and visual beauty because of ridiculously commercially made works.
1,Bba-sooni... I'll give you one point. Adjusting the score.
1,Worst movie ever. My friend dragged me to watch it, but I don't know what it's about, and it's a waste to pay for it
1,It's really not good. Don't watch it
1,You can watch them on the internet. far away from the theater
1,Let's adjust the rating  yes
1,I searched online to see if it was a brinder or something, and I found out what BTS is Why are you looking at this?
1,It's better to watch the concert video.I'm a fan, but I don't think this is it
1,Why is this movie being released?
6,The bowl of this movie was small to show the sincerity of BTS. It's a video that we filmed on purpose. How can the sound be like that?Don't easily see the hearts of BTS and their fans who love them. If you're going to shoot "The Movie" with your name on it, please do your best.
2,What's this? Abba tuna, no
2,I want to look at it by myself I'm looking forward to Wembley!
6,It was a shame that there were fewer scenes than I expected, but it was fun to watch the behind-the-scenes scenes and eating shows. Bring the food!
1,Working safety buyer rhythm for tired workers during break time
6,BTS is good, but...
1,BTS, go to the army!  ㅉㅉ
1,Damn the movie is so lame. I came back after being boring. In this situation...
1,A movie that you must watch after you die
1,BTS, let's hurry up and go to the army and pay for nicknames
1,I'll just play this on Mnet or something. I'll take over the theater and eat up the screening time. I hate it. I'll take up all the opportunity costs to watch other movies
1,Why do you see this? Buy shaved ice with that money
1,I think the fans will like it...
1,Ppasoon and Ppadol don't care when others tell them not to. I'm only going to come back anyway. Sympathy + Otaku pride
1,I recommend you not to watch it. Why is this spring...?
4,If you're not a Beyonce or a good singer, you'll be famous as an unplayer. Is BTS a skill or an unplayer? I don't recommend an unplayer
5,It's either 10 stars or 10 stars.That's why I got 5 points
1,BTS Screw it!^^
1,That's so boring
1,Didn't you get the criticism? If you see one point, you'll be able to achieve unsympathetic terrorist unity
1,It's ·, ·, ㄱ, ㅂ, ㅂ
1,That's a bad movie
1,Since BTS is getting popular, a typical BTS man who uses BTS
1,I'm going to pay for this and eat one more chicken  Oh, my
1,I don't know if it's fun...
1,I think it's going to be funIt's iced Americano
1,It's a movie only for BTS fans. You don't have to see it
1,BTS forever!
1,Look at the comments. Don't you feel ashamed?
1,Send BTS to the army in bulletproof uniforms.
1,Take it easy!   The world would go well if we were all idols
1,Oh... This is a bit...
1,That's weird!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
