헌터 킬러
6,And the good American serfs who play hero with bad Russia, the leader understands the leader
1,It is less realistic and less likely. I think elementary students will like it.
6,The whole Russian speaking English clapping at the end.   The fleet went round and came to the rescue of the president in a rubber boat.  The last time the fleet escorted was ridiculously funny, but it was fun. It's really unlikely, but it'll be fun if you watch it without thinking
1,It's not the Cold War. What kind of cringe-worthy movie is this?
6,Why does the Russian President and the Secretary of Defense talk in English?
6,Six points for the guts to still make 90's American movies
4,A classic American movie. A very obvious story.
4,Don't believe in ratings.Naver, crack down on the rating unit
1,Zera Butler, what are you holding hostage for? Why did he shoot this movie?.
6,an over-scale expansion of existing submarines
6,It's just worth watching.I didn't want to see him acting so cool and weighing himself down.It's like Steven Seagall.
6,It's okay for killing time, but there are too many unrealistic elements in the movie
4,No, it's obviously full of nonsense, right?Too much is as bad as too little!
4,The moment Putin watches this movie, World War III begins, he makes Russian soldiers a dog...
6,Action is one of the best, but the classic Hollywood movie with historical and narrative sent to the moon. From the beginning of the scene where the submarine was attached under the ice, it was ridiculous and burst out laughing. Rather look at the red October again.
3,A typical American perspective that is narrow and crude Are those people who give you ratings for this kind of stuff, like the brains of course Russia can't even control its own general, and it's so poorly drawn. In this movie, the U.S. Enemy is not only stupid, irrational, and ferociously belligerent, but also weak and unable to solve a single problem of its own, so it relies on the U.S. But Hollywood movies are basically about spending some money, so there's something to watch, so I tend to give them more ratings, but I can't watch them anymore. I'll just be honest.
4,As expected, I don't fit in with Mildeoks movies. First of all, why do Russian presidents and Russian soldiers talk in English? I can't get into it from here. Americans don't want to read those short captions, so I don't know. Let's just do it in English LOL
1,I watched it because I was ranked 36th, but if I was tricked, I would never watch a nuclear waste movie
1,It's the best score ever... It's a typical killing time, Sanma. 클리 I was annoyed by the cliché and even the false settings that the general public saw. I expected 5.5 points, but this is 9 points? Are you kidding me?
6,If it's not unfilled, it's like a part-timer's rating, but it's impossible.
6,I watched it on Netflix. Personally, I think U571 is better for submarine movies
1,There are a lot of eye-catching screens, but they're just like 90s animations. Reality, probability, all rolled up, all cringe-worthy lines. I can't believe this kind of movie will be released in 2020. And from now on, I'll skip Gerard Butler's movies. The movies that keep appearing are terrible.
1,I was fooled by 9 points
2,No Jam. I don't understand why it's 9 points. It's a waste of money if I watched it at double speed because I was so bored
4,I can't believe I'm raving about it's...
2,The final king scenario of a typical forced-moved-inhibited-inducing scenario is the same, but only the actors are different
2,First of all, Russian soldiers talked to each other in English. I was fooled by the 9.0 rating. Rotten Tomatoes is 36%. Crude graphics that interrupt immersion, low-budget sets, waking B-class story development, poor acting. If it was a Korean movie, I would have watched it for less than 30 minutes, so I was late to notice because it was English.a solo film by Gerard Butler
1,Not bad for a military movie.But the score of 9 is too high
2,You've wasted your time and money on three part-timers, and you're giving this movie a high rating to kill me in bankruptcy? It's not funny
2,I've never felt uncomfortable watching a movie, but I've never felt uncomfortable with the fact that the soldiers were practicing live guns, falling from high places, and the oxygen mask was X, and Gerard Butler's loyal, upright, righteous soldier role.I thought it was a rated movie, but when I watched about a third of it, the plot and the ending...  That's too bad
6,It's moderately interesting, but it's not the best submarine movie like the title, it's just a mipong war movie, and the best submarine movie is U571 or Crimson Tide
1,I should have stopped watching the nuclear submarine when it jerked away a few meters from the obstacle.It is almost impossible to overlook the absurd progression.I recommend you to watch red October again rather than this.
6,Look at Putin. Does Russia look like a bing-dari hot pants? 러시아You've made the Russian kids too round.  Even a North Korean rifle unit in the 1950s would not be so incompetent.
1,Is this a Hollywood movie? Cg acting story. Not realistic at all. Childish and cringe-worthy.The submarine scene was worth watching, but why did you include the navy seal scene? If you're going to make it like that, take it out altogether...It's usually not fun I don't, but this is a bit over the hill
1,Does it make sense to have such a high rating? Sloppy story, boring development.
6,I think it's too much, but it's a little childish America's Best Film
1,Sci-fi fantasy action with no probability. Does Putin look like a pushover? One can see exactly why Ilbechung is a useless surpluslol
4,Best Submarine Movie The Privilege U-boat Can't Keep Up With The U-boat These Days Everything Feel So Manipulated Just A Rambo Movie Favorite's Movie High Rating Is Wrong
6,If it's good, if it's fun, it's spectacular when you shoot a missile
5,A good killing time submarine movie. Nervousness is high, and considering the U.S. pop, it's pretty good.
1,The ratings were high and I saw it as a recommendation, but it was really boring.According to my husband, it's an American soldier movie.Obvious content Obvious ending
5,In the meantime, I only watched movies such as Saving Private Lyron and 1917, so it was worth watching until the middle, but in the second half, there were so many ridiculous situations even if it was a movie, and it was a shame that there were no lessons.
1,The story is...Or rather Star Wars, Marvel is realistic.But this isn't it
1,A Fantasy Movie That Arrogant America Can Do
1,It's a highly unlikely scenario
1,What neighborhood mafia is Russia?
5,I'm so interested.
1,I watched it on Netflix after watching NAVER's review.It's the cheapest third-rate war movie I've seen recently, and I'm a fool to compare this to Red October.
2,The cliché of "Always Just America" never deviated from the two-hour cliché, and the unrealistic setting hindered the sense of immersion.
1,Does it make sense to have such a high rating? Sloppy story, boring development.
6,The content of the movie is interesting, but it is less immersive for Russians to use English even when they are talking among themselves
1,I wasted my precious time on the American Pongs, the insincere ratings, and the rambling ratings.
6,It's not fun. Submarines don't seem to fit me.Private Ryan is much more interesting.
6,It's cringe-worthy with overly forced settings and childish puns, but it's not bad.
6,It's not bad, but it's kind of a B-class development.
6,I'm sure it's a good popcorn movie with good immersion and speed, but the score is too high. First of all, the story is not going well. I wonder what it would have been like if I had increased my running time and had a stronger narrative. It's a movie that deserves 8 points, but the score is so high
4,Believe me, I'll trust me. I'm only going to believe in Russia
6,The details are very unfortunate, but the movie itself is fun
1,I watched it on Netflix, but I think it's really amazing to get this much rating!There's no probability of this happening. This is for sure!In the red October, I think our ghostly movie, Black Widow Crimson Tide or Hommage, is a better storytelling movie! You have to wrap up the American hurrah in order to be able to accept it. It's amazing that it's like a third-rate Freshman!
2,Who the hell thinks this movie is funny?   The part-timers are doing great.   The most ridiculous thing was the commandos who went to save the Russian president, and the wooden table was shooting us from behind to stop a bullet, and they advertised, saying, "We came in." And the member who was shot in the leg went into the forest alone and shot at the tree? LOL
1,I enjoyed watching it.
6,It's interesting to space out, but it's a typical Hollywood macho military mass production movie. It's recommended because it's not a story. I don't think it's 9 points, so I'm leaving a star.
5,It was so exciting and fun that time flew by from start to finish. But the story is too contrived. Meeting the captain of the Russian submarine at the beginning of the movie, and the Delta Force members meeting the Russian presidential bodyguard by chance. So contrived, so contrived, so coincidental and so forth, the movie goes on. And the ending part is not only worse, but I don't understand... The main character, who has always shown an outstanding captain, suddenly made a ridiculous decision to disobey orders from his superiors, didn't launch a Tomahawk, and gambled on getting hit by a missile. Obviously, the captain of the Russian combat ship was on the side of the Secretary of Defense, but I don't understand how he suddenly shot a Balkan gun at a missile coming from a submarine, saved the submarine, and flew it out of the blue into the Russian communication room. The conclusion is that the submarine movie was really fun to watch in a time-consuming manner, but there was a bit of a disappointment in terms of cinematic perfection and workability. Even if it was a little less interesting, I think the submarine movie "Red October" was much more productive. I recommend you to watch it
5,Time goes by so fast.I don't think it's a good movie.It's like watching an exciting music video.
4,The old Turquoise only had Gerard Butcher in the submersible.
4,NAVER's rating is unbelievable. It's a movie with 4 points
6,with no particular loophole Wow, it's not an admirable movie. The development of the story here and there reduces tension.
3,The people who gave me 10 points after watching this movie, did they really empathize with the story? The last Russian Destroy would blow up a missile, and I was thrilled to see him do nothing. It's not realistic. It's very unlikely. Is war a joke? Rotten Tomato gave me 36%
6,It's not a movie, it's like America's finest weapon propaganda.
6,Too unlikely. The main character is almost a military trial and a sense of life imprisonment. Torpedoes and missiles. Trust Assy and do nothing? It's like he's trying to kill the crew. But there's a sense of urgency
1,It's fun to watch military weapons, but the story is so absurd and it feels like a Russian captain is a cheat. It's about Russian soldiers helping the U.S. military win, but it's just a phone call and it's absurd. I was going to give you 5 points, but it was too high, so I gave you 1 point.
1,I was looking for a movie with a rating of 9 points, but I couldn't think of it as a rating of 9 points, so I left it The story is so obvious and the heart-throbbing moments are solved in a minute It was a good new attempt between Russia and the United States, but the story is obvious I didn't watch it from the middle because my husband wasn't funny
1,Let's start grading...
6,Captain, if you do it like a movie, you'll get firedWhat kind of attack are you not fighting back?
3,I don't think it' Based on the rating, I think only elementary school students watched this movie
1,This isn't fun. It's not a movie for elementary school students
5,Am I the only one who looks sloppy?
1,Call of Duty story copy trash third rate movie. a rating-rigged film
5,The content is simple and not funny.
6,I was watching Crimson Tide and watching this... It wasn't that fun
5,That's the epitome of the dragonflies. I was going to do something interesting, but it ended like a fairy tale
6,Fantasy monster with a political military pattern, but perfect for killing time
2,I would be fooled by my horoscope, and I would be fooled by my GPA, but I just wasn't funny!American soap opera
6,It's some kind of movie.
5,That's too bad to compare to the Crimson Tide made by Michael BayRed Neck Target Entertainment Films
1,How can a trash movie get more than 9 points... Are they all part-timers?
1,Why do you like this movie's comments?Everyone says it's fun, so I trusted the ratings and watched it -- I thought I was going to die of boredom for an hour, just turn it off, and watch it if you're going to watch it' I'm sleepy
4,Wow, I can see the plot of the movie clearly...crying
1,This movie is ranked 1st in the action category.
1,I've been fooled by the ratings --;;; what movie is all about all the time and no sense of immersion I don't know why the ratings are so high. Are you all rating it like watching a movie?
6,A missile from the Yevchenko destroy Russia's Pollyarni Command, ending!Edward's confrontation between principles and lives.Captain Zoglas of Dunam and Lieutenant-Colonel Bilbiman, who escaped the Russian president.Park Hang-hae is also cool.Admiral Bald Fisk.Defense Secretary Durov's coup for President Zakarin.Martinelli's got a leg wound
1,6 Points Killing Time Movie No More or Less Ratings...
1,a San Mai movie where the actor is a waste
1,I'm disappointed as much as I expected a B-rated movie
6,The tension was well constructed so that two hours wouldn't be boring.
6,Why does this movie have such a high rating? 6-7. It is a movie that has a strong scent and the level of Russian conversation in English
5,I expected a rating with Gerard Butler, but it's definitely not in the 9th grade. It's for killing time, and it seems like the iptv is being released and the part-timers are setting up. Don't pay for it and never watch it. It's grade b
5,a cartoonish development
6,Scale production was good, but very insufficient compared to the ranks of masterpieces Excellent for killing time
1,For those who suffer from insomnia, I strongly recommend it!  A great sleep
6,Early : Wow Middle : Oh Late : Ddyong?
6,It's a movie about submarines and military operations, with no understanding of the two.
1,To be honest, 9 points isn't right.
5,Awkward graphics, tightrope screenplay, how is Gerard Butler always the same?
6,There are a lot of American mulberries, but I thought I saw an interesting movie after a long time. A movie that showed me what Yongdusami is...
6,Brightening for a submarine film, a film that blends Butler's heavy feeling with Oldman's intense stimulation
1,War scenes are pretty eye-catching, but the quality of the details isn't that... For now, the story itself that the Russian defense minister is reusing his president to start a war is corny and unrealistic. Imdb rating only 6.6... It's appropriate for killing time, but it's too much to be a masterpiece
1,I'm writing comments because of the part-timers. a five to six-point movie
6,It's a movie that's slightly lower than Enemy offline or something like that. I don't think it's 9 points, but it's 6.9 points.
1,I was fooled by the rating and left a comment. 6.5 is appropriate. The part-timers got high scores, so I'll give you 1 point
1,1 point is left because of the rating of the part-timers. Mid-seven points is appropriate
2,Good job, part-timers.It's a waste of 5,500 won from Iptv
6,It wasn't that much fun, but it was just worth watching.
6,It's a story that doesn't make a fuss, but it's still good to see the latest weapons
4,It's a killing time, but the reality of Russia being completely hogged.
6,It's a shame that it's a B-class story as an A-class actor. These days, the graphic is not like a movie, and the action scene of the special agents going to save the Russian president is like watching another third-rate movie in the movie.
6,It's just...Yes, yes.
2,B-rated war films, no tactics, no tactics, a submarine film, a nervous smell like a u-boat, a well-tested milli film like a black-hocked down or a multi-milli film, how did Hollywood make this outdated B-rated movie?
1,The kids who gave me 10 points will come back to get a rating after seeing the Crimson Tide U-boat
1,Wow, this is better than Creamstide and U571?I'm going to cringe at each line and I'm going to finish it. The rating is amazing. It's American Milduck, but I'm disappointed After
4,This made me realize once again how great the movie was, "Crimson Tide" (1995) starring Tony Scott and Denzel Washington & Gene Heckman... Gerard Butler, Gary Oldman...Did you just become a B-rated action movie star?
1,I was looking forward to it, but it's not fun at all ㅜㅜㅜㅜ Too bad
6,It's a story that doesn't make sense.Is Russia such a sloppy country? Strangely, there's no tension either.
6,The climax is unfortunate, but there is no shortage of killing time. Set the sound to a good environment.
4,A cheap C-rated war movie made by gathering super-special actors.There's no connection to the story, and the supporting actors' acting has disappeared so I can't stand it.In addition, I felt very well that time was running out on awkward graphics (the feeling of battleship hyperbole), sloppy scenarios.
4,A lump of cliché... Too obvious.
6,It was good that the tension continued from the middle to the second half, but the finish was poor. It's working out so well
6,The combat action was well-deserved liking
6,It's not that much fun, but why is the reviews so high?
2,I want to give you 5 points, but I dropped it to 2 points because I have no conscience. The action is poor and the drama is boring, so there is no tension. Without the casting, it would have been childish.
1,Alba Newquies are so good at writing comments! If this movie gets more than 9 points, all action movies will be written with 20 pointsSkate is the best part-time jobIf you ask skate to do things like this with money, do it really well
1,Was I the only one who didn't like it? Poorly connected acting and less immersive graphics... Everyone's rating is 10 points...Oh my god
6,There's no loud but red October ideology, and there's no conflict between Crimson Tide.
1,It's all cliché, a little bit of eye candy
6,American in English. The Russians wish they had done it in Russian
1,Wow, it's a 70 million dollar loss movie. Look at the rating of fishing
6,Why does the movie feel like a B-list when it's a luxurious cast? There are various weapons and various battle scenes as well as submarine spouting. There are battles, rescues, gun battles, but I'm not having much fun.
2,It feels like a famous actor was forced into a B-rated movie. It's hard for me to personally understand why the ratings are so high.
6,About 6 points. For killing time.
5,It would have been better if Gerard Butler came out as a ground special unit rather than a captain, and as expected, Geras Butler seems to be the best in presidential movies. The movie was well made overall, but the second half of the movie was short, so I felt a little disappointed that it ended in a hurry. K
6,Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
1,I was tricked by a rating. It's a movie that's suitable for 7 points at the most.
1,Wow, I was fooled by the score I'm so angry! I wonder if people who say movies that are not as good as B-class are part-timers, or if they are interested in watching movies that they have seen, so you should try it, or if they don't even think about it at all Don't be fooled by the real score
6,A submarine is cool, weapons come out, and since it's a movie, I'll do this and sleep
1,There are a lot of part-time jobs in the comments. It's like B
1,For the first time in my life, there are so many demons
2,All Gerard Butler did was wait with no pride... All this submarine did was to be targeted with VVIPs that were rescued as a member of the commando team died. What the hell was so funny?
6,It's worse than I expected.The previews are all
6,It's all about showing off our weapons among the best countries
1,Honestly, I just ate a lot of American soap opera. Even among military movies, action scenes are weak. Full of clichés
4,The setting of the United States and Russia joining forces is unique in these films and there are some interesting scenes, but it doesn't change that it's a cliche war movie after all.
4,The missile jammer was more amazing than the submarine. Wow...
6,an unexpected shooting down of an anti-war missile
6,"THE" American Movie in many ways.
5,I don't know the reason why. The name is cool, but it doesn't attack, but only the Russian destroyer comes out cool. Military movies are more interesting in realistic descriptions, but Hunter Tucker is essentially a typical Deus ex-Maki or movie
1,Oh, my God.  The Americans are the ones who lose and... American Fantastic that does dishes...  You make brown bear soup hyungs into salted rice. Typical American number one movie. It's such a sloppy story. The last scene was a powerful machine gun that smashed a missile. -.-;ㅡ.ㅡ;
5,The story is sloppy. I understand it if you look at it lightly as an entertainment movie, but the storyline was so out of the blue and a little childish;; but the ratings are all 10 points...;;
4,A movie that's perfect for killing time. A movie that's nervous but worth watching
6,The acting of the main actors is acceptable, but the other actors are very... In particular, the acting of the crew of the Russian warship is ridiculous because they have to show a conflict at the moment of decision, but they all have a consistent expression... That's why it's so ridiculous
1,Too unlikely;; who does the coup in the open air?
1,How can a movie like this
4,Decisions, Emotional, Too Much Talker's fictional American nuclear submarine captain's battlefield gambling story...If I were an American soldier, I would be mad at the movie.
2,It's not fun if the p2p is already up
1,Adjusting the score Adjusting the score Adjusting the score Adjusting the score
1,That's the worst... that the school cafeteria birds would like...I'm gonna witness a dog-like scene blocking a missile with a machine gun.It's a movie that baby food sages will love like crazy.Wow, the level is going down
5,It's not thrilling at all. The rating is too high.
3,Crimson Tide, I thought it was a crazy trash movie, but it wasn't even possible. In 1990 CG, the story of U.S. justice, America's good, America's best man is being criticized, and the commander doesn't respond and stops the Russian fleet from killing time is a waste
6,It's worth noting if you like Military Battle.
4,The movie is Jonah's clumsy. Do you think he eats the basics automatically when the submarine comes out?  It's a really sloppy production.
5,How can you even write a score like this?  How can you just copy and paste a couple of people who can't even think? The CG level is only 10 points. What do you think? Look at the thunderbolt again
6,A ridiculous movie about a few soldiers from the rice kingdom blocking a coup d'état
2,Where did vod go?
6,Compared to the scale of the story, the sound and acting props are disappointing, and the acting of the actors is not heavy at all except for the Russian captain
6,It's a rating heaven. The story is simple, the connection between the army and the joint operation is poor, and I wasted my time thinking about the red October.
5,I wish I could've made it more realistic and less probable because it was a ridiculous baby
5,It's not too strong, it's not thrillingIt came out in the 1990s
5,Why do Russians speak English? Especially when Captain Russo or the president persuades the Russians, what is the case of writing in English? I'm a fan of genres, so I'll give you 5 points.
5,Everyone who served in the army knows that the last part is nonsense. The setting of not intercepting and protecting the enemy in Chala is only possible in the movie; the army is not an emotional place to work.
6,It's pretty fun, but why did it fail? Gerard Butler is really cool. Of course, the villain has the disadvantage of being too unattractive, and the special forces and submarines are divided, which reduces concentration in half.
6,You're really good at acting. It's fun to watch without thinking But the story is like a fairy tale
2,Are you all part-timers with GPA? The kimchi is good, but the story is so empty...And if you look at Russia, it's a riot.  The U.S. nuclear sleep enters the Russian bedroom to rescue the Russian president, and three Russian straw trucks say, "It's a waste of a submarine."
1,Can't we arrest all the part-timers?
1,The part-timers are really... I'll give you 6 points, but I'll give you 1 point considering that you were tricked by a part-timer
2,I saw the comments because they were good, but it was a waste of time.Special effects A, story D, leading actor C, supporting actor F
2,It's like a part-time job heaven. I don't think I need to go to the theater and see the plot since it's already floating around on the Internet. Even though it's a movie, four soldiers rescued the Russian president...
4,....I happen to go to the movies once
6,America's military level is awesome, but the content is a little childish
6,Putin hates this movie.The Russian president is also a movie that the U.S. needs to save, but the tension unique to submarine movies is sufficient. Except for the movie plot, it's quite fun.
6,It's to kill time, don't look forward to it. I hate the director who blames Gerard Butler for starring in B-class movies, but I hope you can enjoy all the movies while drinking beer.
4,Oh, it's fun. Is this a new Call of Duty?
2,There's a reason why I wrote the theater... It's not fun at all. As the critics say, half of the submarine films are eaten, but they're just playing with the kids.
4,The Almighty U.S. Gukppong, a clumsy screenplay
6,It's a B-rated movie that's good to spend a lot of time on. At the end, the goalkeeper CIWS scene was a bit scary.
4,Normal American pong movie. Not bad for just killing time, but it's too long
6,I admit that the immersion level is considerable, but it is the same pattern of war movies that have been going on for decades, so I think it is a funny but cliche movie.
6,a fishing film wrapped in a B-rated movie
6,It cost a lot of money to make the movie childish with a simple flat story.It's just good and bad, and it's good and bad.
2,Not as good as I expected. A movie I wouldn't have made it without Gerard Butler
4,The Russians all speak English. It's so unrealistic that neither graphic expression nor physical inertia is expressed at all. What kind of torpedo is expressed as a light fly flying around, so it's too loose.
3,First of all, those who have watched a lot of submarine movies will be bored. CG is like that, but it's very childish because the movie has a typical military movie introduction electric field and plot. It feels like a well-made Russian movie.
3,It's a childish and low-quality movie. Nothing to see but the face of the main character captain. I wonder if the undersea CG was made 20 years ago, and the content is ㅠㅠ absurd and distracting. It's like an anti-communist movie 30 years ago.
2,I looked at the ratings, but I was disappointed because I had high expectations
1,I didn't even watch it all. It was like a low-quality reenactment of the last 20 years of American commercial film. Gerard Butler is not guilty
6,If I use it for 2,18 years, does it come out as 20 OOO?
6,For killing time, but the new thing was that the movie was set up on purpose, but it seemed to be set up for multi-ethnic human rights and female feminists, including agents, presidential submarines, and operational briefings
6,Well, I thought it was only covered in the submarine if it was below my expectation, but the development was a little different from what I expected, so it wasn't good. The same submarine movie, u-571, is much more interesting than this one
6,I can give you the highest score as an entertainment movie  We found fun, and we are talking about the complete end of the Cold War era, symbolized by the recent peace between the two Koreas on the Korean Peninsula The joint operation between the U.S. and Russia can be found, but the characters are too wasteful
1,The Rotten Index score of 37 points tells us.I watched NAVER review and half dozed off.
6,The nuclear submarine's tense action adds to the track and field mission to save the Russian president.
1,Part-timers are having a hard time at the end of the year because they manipulate ratings as a group. The worst movie in my life. What was Gary Oldman crazy about?
6,Earth Guard Justice Apostle Captain America
1,Don't you dare compare a film like this to U571, Crimson Tide, Red October. The best submarine movie ever came outSo I looked at it... It's just...It's a boring Hollywood OO hero movie.
6,The conflict composition and story is unfortunate, but the joint operational sequence of Huntiller and Navy Seal satisfies interest
5,There was a mixture of B-class sensibilities.
1,Russians speak English all together? Lack of detail
3,Part-time job comments... Don't fall for it.
1,U571, "Red October" and "K19" are worse than movies 10 to 20 years ago. a film full of CG
2,I don't understand why Gerard Butler and the Gerry Oldman actor didn't turn down this movie offer.And the rating after the release is so fraudulent...I've watched all the red movies since October, but this is the lowest level
6,I was going to make jjamppong, but it's a messy mess
3,It's ruined in America. Just that kind of movie
1,Part-time jobs, B-list movies
1,B-rated movie by my standards.I like military water, but the quality is inferior to that of Last Ship Mead. Like someone said, the ground special forces scene is luxurious and the submarine scene is class B
4,I can't hide that some paintings are luxurious, some are recreational, and the story is like that  Even a luxurious painting is fake... It looks like a video clip.
6,The story is heated up into the mountains and the sea, and the anti-submarine attack is beyond the middle and cannot be seen anymore...
3,The gift set was too comprehensive.
1,You're adjusting the rating.
1,Scenario OOO movie~ Kill all 3 submarines and presidential bodyguards and the reason is to become president... It's just a coup. It's really hard to live, there's a lot of holes in the scenario, but the actors' acting and filming weren't bad
1,American film features America is right, the other country is the enemy.
4,That's too bad. I wish I had focused more on submarines.I felt a bit like a B-rated drama in the navy room.A model citizen was the best.
6,Well-made submarine film, that's all.
5,Scenarios are so unlikely that they are out of focus. It's a movie that's really hard to recommend to watch in the theater. It's Hollywood, but it's too much. The minimum balance is not maintained, and the action scene is too tense.
2,It's trash...Annoying
6,No more, no more, no more, no more killing time, and watch if you're sick
6,I get sleepy while watching it. What's fun?
2,You're working hard to raise the ratings of the part-timersSee and feel it for yourself
6,I was only interested in diving
3,It's time to fire a machine gun in front of the last submarine. The Russian people speak English and the person who looks like an American is the Russian president? It's like a movie from the 80s.Why is Gary Oldman doing this kind of movie?
6,There's nothing new, but if you like movies of this genre, I think it's worth watching rather than Korean commercial movies.
6,It's like a movie that shows the characteristics of a submarine, except that the story is not connected smoothly a little bit more, and the CG is a little clumsy, but it's a great movie
6,Totally ridiculous in probability.The officers who hold out with an expression of disbelief at the captain's orders, or those who stand on the bridge in battle...A movie that is so ridiculous that I can't concentrate.I'll see how long the screen will take.
6,an abundance of attractions Large scale, poor story due to low probability.
6,If you think this is fun, please watch "Mid The Last Ship". It's 100 times more fun than this.
1,Don't look at it I hope there are no more people who are fooled by NAVER ratings. It's my first time using this I'm so angry and frustrated that it's really not fun I just want to run over and shoot you a missile I feel like I ate a billion sweet potatoes.I'm so speechless that I can't even get angry
6,Did you spend all your money recruiting Gary Oldman and Gerard Butler? Special forces, are they special forces?The mountain battle scene was copied from Ron Survivor. Is it an homage?
6,It was worth watching the submarine movie I haven't seen in a long time
