미안해요, 리키
6,It's boring, so I watch it and stop
6,It's for teenagers who don'
1,Looking at the tattoo, it is clear that he is a former gangster from Iljin, the perpetrator of school violence, and that Ricky is a terrible villain to have two children in such a poor situation. I don't know what he feels sorry for.Apparently, his wife had two children because she was a bully and had eye contact with Ricky, who was a middle and high school student.And since you didn't study at all, you both suffer from retribution, so what's so pitiful about that?Will school violence and organized crime victims be able to forgive past perpetrators even if they pass by thousands?Will the damage recover and disappear?Even if the perpetrators are middle-aged, they wash their personalities, pretend to be nice, and live faithfully, their trauma disappears, and they live faithfully like that. I'll forgive them Can I do this?Will they recover from the damage, will they forgive?Yoon Mi-hyang swindled out all the money left to Japanese Military Sexual Slavery grandmothers and apologized to Gil Won-ok for breaking his ribs, forced him to sing, that person and the rest of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery grandmothers to forgive him for embezzling donations, and the damage will be recovered?There are so many people who know one and don't know the other.How lazy and lazy would Ricky have been in the past as a bully, a gangster, wasting time and slacking off?
4,What's so touching about this? Just a poor family from heat to heat. Nice and hardworking. That's sweetcrying
5,A family story of an ordinary delivery man. It's not a big touching moment, so don't overreact. At the end of the hospital, the main character's wife is angry and can't watch his bad acting on the phone. - He's angry, but his expression and speech are the same.  I am impressed by his rude son, who looks older than his father.
1,Boring, cliche, cliche
1,Kkyu. I guess the people here are part-timers in the comments. It's really boring, cliche, not touching, and obvious story development. It's a waste of time to watch it, but don't ever watch it I didn't want to give you a horoscope, but I forced you to give it to me!This movie is the typical "A Star Is A Waste" movie!
1,The boring routine of an incompetent delivery man with a load of children
1,I don't want to feel the harsh reality even in the movie. I don't see an alternative. You just painted a hell of a life. It's a movie I don't want to see again.
6,Am I the only one who gets mad at my son?I'm lecturing you at home about stealing, and when you look at your phone and make sure you don't argue, I'd break it in half and throw it in the face, and then push and attack your dad for taking it away.
2,I felt a little different.Ricky, who's too greedy and can't control his emotions, looks like he's in danger
6,be not as impressive as the previous one It is uncomfortable that the previous films are easily overlapped and the movie feels long. I'm just grateful that someone has created an easy situation to broach about things to talk about. I want to look forward to it next time if I didn' make the same mistake next time.
4,How can it not be hard to live?
5,I like calm directing like Daniel Blake, but I personally felt sorry for the emotional directing in this work.
6,I know what you're trying to do, but if you want a happy ending, don't watch the movie.A depressing person has a more depressing story...
6,My acting skills are not that good. Especially my wife's acting skills.Unlike my GPA, I wasn't very impressed.It feels like I watched a human theater. That's it
1,a cancer-causing film It's not touching, it's just annoying and it's over. If you have time, please watch it
5,I felt bad the whole time I came out of the movie because the movie showed me that life was hard and stupid. It is a personal zero point, but it is 10 points in terms of the coach's intended delivery power. So I want to give you 5 points.
2,It's a stressful movie
4,The directing and acting were good, but the movie made me depressed.
4,You're exaggerating a little bit.
6,Repeated routines, hard lives, unruly children.It's a story that would be everywhere if you turn your story
6,The reality is hard and the movie is so painful and sad.If you're having a hard time living, you shouldn't watch it.Depression doubles.
1,He was a good actor in a good story.
6,I thought I was going to die while watching.  What kind of son wouldn't listen to me, and my daughter ended up in a major accident.  That house is a poor structure.  You should be happier than Korean men who work hard without weekends.
1,The OST is the best. Acting is good
1,Everyone got 10 points, so I was annoyed and gave you 1 point
