슈퍼소닉
1,A band rated by George Harrison as 'trash'.The band responded to George Harrison by saying, "It's because you haven't tasted my fist yet."A garbage band that proves that many people can't tell the difference between 'truth and false' or 'jewel and trash'.
1,Face full of men and women imitating farmers and herdsmen
6,For those of you who don't know the thrill of memories, the joy of discovering the New World
1,trysfhhjhdf
1,교육과 함께 산업과 건강을 지킬 구실이 무엇인가.
1,그러나 후비러 대화는 필트가 열중했다
1,Do they really like their music?
6,A rare band of individuality like an oasis in the middle of a desert
1,Isn't this just too much of a fan's heart? ㄹDon't do it.
1,For some reason, I feel like I need to adjust my rating.
1,Prevention of mischief...0....0
1,Tada! Tada! Super Sonic! Lee Daehyung, get hit! Oh, oh, hit!
1,It's not good... I think the rating is too high
1,9.3 points? This is a terrorist attack on Naver's movie rating. I have been a big fan since the introduction of Oasis to Korea. Oasis as a rock band can give 10 points.
1,A flashy old-fashioned movie. In fact, the hit album is only 1.2. Their own league. It turns out that they're losing money after some time, so they made it to open their pockets. You're going to pay me to watch this if I listen to The Beatles or Radiohead when I'm about to watch it?
1,How can Shawshank lose to this?
2,I went to listen to Oasis because I like it. 2 hours of cursing and talking about drugs, talking about themselves. If you're not a fan of Oasis, I'm not that curious. I'll play a little bit of the song. If you're a fan, watch it and listen to it on Melon.
5,It could be a pain for someone who's not a fan
1,I like oasis, so it's just spring
4,I took my friends after the evaluation. I was a bit embarrassedI hope only rock manias who know all the Oasis songs go...Nearly 70 percent of the population is photography, painting and narration. Everyone keeps looking at the clock when it ends.
6,Too bad... I watched it because I was an oasis fan. Should I open this in theaters? want to
5,Instead of a new story or reinterpretation, they shed light on their happy moments.
6,The Oasis of the Turbulent Bursts
