인크레더블 2
1,I tried to watch the Incredibles, but I didn't try to hear the adaptation. Femi and PC now commit atrocities in children's cartoons. It was a horrible movie that brought up politics every time. I really tried to watch Incredibles... /// I didn't watch it because there were so many talks, but this time I got a chance through Disney Plus. Like I heard, I put in a lot of controversial topics. NAVER Review... As expected, I forgot This is it. If you cover people's eyes and mouth as you like, one day, a bone disease will burst. as history has done
2,Disney, even this one has a PC on it'
1,It feels like my childhood is being teased
4,Buried in the dogmatical PC Femi, he bruised the work that could have continued as a franchise series for a long time
1,The message that raising children is hard seems to have hit the hearts of mothers, but was it hard to target all of us?A story that only a certain group would like.It was a pity that there was no chemistry between the families, only the child-rearing Incredibles
6,Storyline - parenting is hard, women can work it out.Conclusion - Films with Femi. The end.
6,Maybe it's because I was young in the first episode. It's not fun compared to the first one. No, I watched the first episode on YouTube for a while, and the first one is definitely related to science and technology, and the second one is about family and mental content. The first one is what a man would like, and the second one is what a woman would like. Especially in the first episode, it's really fun to watch the rotating plates and running scenes that Germany would have made in World War II. It's like a larger paramilitary organization in the first part of the battle.
5,It's the best for children. I can't even compare the artistry to the Pixar Dragon Taming... Honestly, is this fun? More than the first one. I'm sure it'll be the same with the third one. No expectations at all.
6,Why can't I put Femi in my family movie?
1,The critics are sucking at the Femi, disgusting people, but they're disgusting, so one point
6,The story is just all over the kids' movies. But I think I really want to deliver the message, but I don't know what it is at all.
6,The movie is okay, but I'm sad because of that sentiment
6,The last scene of the movie is disappointing. The tension and action are not as good as the previous one.
2,I'm mad because I got Femi on my face. I've been waiting for this work for a long time.f
6,In the beginning, I enjoyed watching it, but I couldn't stand it because it was so boring, so I watched the rest of the time 40 minutes;; What do you mean 2 hours and a half? The children's young house is worth seeing because there are many things to see
6,Jack-Jack vs. Raccoon is the best scene
1,How can you put all the combat scenes in a woman? If you're a family, you can act in a balanced way, but your husband gets beaten up, gets manipulated, and your son runs all the time. What kind of movie class do you meet Elastigirl? My sister has some fighting scenes, but Femi is in control
4,A movie that shows superheroes shouldn't have a family
5,A children's cartoon worth watching
3,Femi is soiling the movie...Ninety percent of that rating seems to be women.
1,Nunio's Continent; Nunio's Blazers
6,The sequel that came out too late...It was just normal.Villain's identity and motives were so predictable...
1,Cloning Technology Expanded Air, Navy and Air Force Transport
4,I don't know... Voice actor is not good and character personality has changed too much. Not the characters in the first part. I couldn't get used to it the whole time I watched it.
6,It stopped suddenly, so I couldn't watch it all, but it's boring if it's not fun It is waste of money.
1,Muscles and 30th Public Morality Enthusiasm
1,In other words, arthritis gathered in one place and the Grand Canal.
1,This is why Blu-ray doesn't sell and it doesn't sell even if it comes at a special price. I bought it at 4k regular price. It's a waste of money. It's boring except for my daughter's nose. Femizen, wake up. You ruined Ralph 2 and you're going crazy
1,Below expectations. Distracted and sloppy.
1,I'm so disappointed with this disgusting movie is so disgusting Incredible
6,It wasn't boring to watch with the kids
6,The kid enjoyed it
6,It has a Raffertory similar to the first episode (the assistant found out to be a villain) and the storyline was plain (the first episode was more fresh). What's changed is drawing skills? However, it is questionable why the idea was incorporated. It is burdensome because it is consciously emphasized. It's a children's movie, not a propaganda movie.
6,Do you like it? Did you watch it with my princess?
6,Did I have high expectations? I was just like that
4,To be honest, disappointed. I was really impressed with Season 1, but "The Eyes Are Different." Season 2 is a drama. It's all about tricks
6,Showing how they feel inferior while trying to show their feminity
2,Baby is husband, active female hero, cheat code black hero and baby. What happened to the Incredibles?
6,The novelty I felt in the previous work has faded, but I can see Pixar's advanced technology.
5,I can't agree with the PC sensibility that requires 'it' to be applied.
6,It's not as good as the first one. Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
6,The first one is more fun.
6,It's a lot of fun.
6,It's cute and fun, but if I'm old or not as funny as before, but babies are cute
6,The baby is cute, but the first one is better
1,Other than mother and daughter, there are no skills, no attractions, and the best story. Real rating fabrication
6,미스터 인크레더블 베이비
6,It's such a loud movie.
1,I stopped watching because I was bored a waste of time
6,It's just whatever. I don't know if it's fun or anything
5,What? It's not fun It starts with a plausible start, but it's boring and weakThe painting itself is worth seeing
5,Fighting heroes with ingenious abilities is fun and the baby is cute. However, it feels a little strange compared to the first movie.
6,The bad effects of PC on movies...No matter how much you want to fool Mr. Incredible, you're going to destroy the settings and make him powerful? From the end to discomfort... You're ruining Star Wars and this...
6,I've been waiting for this sequel. It's more disappointing than expected. I don't feel the novelty of the first movie.
6,Definitely falling off Pixar. The whole thing is so loose and obvious.
1,It's a feminist movie. Feminists and Women's Organization's
6,I dozed off because I was bored. The story is already slow, and I don't know if I had to talk too long about how hard it is for women to do housework.The action sequence is not good... and seven points is over.
6,It's a bit boring to look forward to the ingenuity and fun of INTRANDBLE 1.To be honest, this kind of movie is about enjoying the process of shooting superpowers and catching villains, but it feels too long I understand that you wanted to include many philosophical stories, but I think there are many boring processes in the movie that children watch together.
1,Oh, my God. I messed up the movie. Is this the rating for real?
1,Scenario going off the charts...The score is too high, so I'll give you 1 point. My GPA is about 6...
3,I don't think there's a second movie like the first one. It would be nice to see only children who didn't watch the first movie 14 years ago. Both story and action are lacking.
5,As much as I have high expectations, I'm disappointed... The story that was too similar to the first episode and the intelligence of heroes who were less than children were uncomfortable.
6,A superpower family that's been waiting for so long
5,It's fun, but... What should I say? I feel so empty watching the ending credit go up. I feel like I ate something delicious but not nutritious. Women's superiority, family love, except for the child's superpowers. It was a movie that really didn't.
5,The first one was a real masterpiece, but the second one was ruined because of Femi.  He drove the energetic male protagonist into a complete incompetent character, and suddenly his mother came out and made him a perfect velvet character for parenting and superheroes. In addition, the meaningless battle between a baby and a raccoon in the middle is unlikely
1,Spray feminism on a movie that's done
1,Disney CEO seems to be disqualified from other game creators.
1,I watched it well and suddenly became interested when I entered feminism started
1,Feminism was uncomfortable, as if I had aged too much.
5,I watched it with my kid. It's just good enough to kill time.
6,I tried to teach a lesson.
1,It's not as fun as the first one It's boring
5,Law is the problem everywhere, politicians, money is the problem
6,It's a storyline similar to the first one.It's not that fresh. But I'm impressed by Pixar's quick response to feminism
6,Variations in the roles of women and mothers at home in a male-centered society. Both the message and the fun were good.
6,I can't get past the first one  Regret
5,be far behind in one's previous work have little interest in
6,I give you 6 points for the development of graphics. The story isn't really...
6,About 6 points. For killing time.
6,Lim Soo-yeon, a commentator, says, "I don't agree with you much
6,The story of family humanism was good, but there was no fun like the first movie
1,I don't like it because it's a feminist movie that's not as funny as the first one
6,The unique spirit of superheroes, giving dreams and hopes. Family superheroes. It's been 14 years. I've always wondered why I couldn't make a sequel to this good animation. Jack-Jack's jackpot. Fragile super power baby. Disney's most interesting.
1,I like how you thought of Femi, but it's a movie that just made a man useless. Well, if Femi wants to be "a man is useless," that's a successful
4,I think the first one is better. There's no super villains, and Jack Jack's performance is almost nonexistent.
6,I enjoyed watching it with my son  He's having a lot of fun
6,I was surprised because it was so simple. I expected the fun of the first episode and wanted more, but it is far worse than the first one. The latter part of the story is too simple, plain, and disappointing at the obvious ending. (Crying
6,Kids say the movie they watched is fun
1,The trash can...
4,Good job. I've been hereㅈㄴㄷ
1,Hahahaha. I love you
6,I slept. I don't remember
1,This is also translated by Park Jihoon.
6,It's fun to watch with the kids
4,I didn't like it because it wasn't my personal taste, but I honestly didn't know it was a cartoon movie
2,I don't know if it's fun.
4,an obvious conclusion The audience is loud
4,It's just...The first episode is much more fun
6,The Incredibles of the Feminist Age,
6,The child is funnyI'm doing it
2,It's like imitating the Avengers. And at first, the dumpling scene that had nothing to do with Yeong-hoe and Faroon, Disney, did you fall for it?
6,I watched it with my kid.At first, it was very boring.It's been fun since mid to late.
1,What's this scenario? It's the funniest thing I've ever made
6,My 6-year-old son doesn't like it.I had fun^^
1,What is this? I waited for a long time, but I'm disappointed.
6,I watched it because of the members, but it wasn't boring
2,I enjoyed it more than a kid
6,It's just like that. Even the guys didn't find it fun
1,a dirty work on the Incredible 1
6,I didn't enjoy it. I was sleepy
6,It wasn't as bad as I thought
6,I was a bit disappointed, but I was bored because only the ending came out in the story. When does it feel thrilling and exciting? I think the movie of elementary school will be boring for adults. FYI, the best movie of Disney movie is Coco
5,14 years of ice... It'sorry.
6,Cute characters and obvious stories
6,It wasn't boring. It was fun It's kind of
1,It was fun when I was young, but I can't watch it when I grow up
6,It's just like that. 1 is more fun
6,It's fun. It was nice to see you with the kid.
6,It was fun. But why does the husband speak informally and the wife speak formally in Korean subtitles even though it is an American animation movie?
6,I enjoyed it with GFRIENDAh.
6,It was fun thanks to Jack Jack
2,I watched it with my son in 4th grade and I like it
4,I looked forward to seeing both of them because my child liked them. Kids are out of focus in the middle. Adults are laughing in the middle. Even a kid who's been watching well wants to go out. For me, 1 is much more fun!
1,D, d, d, d, d, d, d, d, d, d, d, d, d
6,I was so happy and moved that the dumplings came out!
4,So, it's somehow.
5,The movie is fun, but... The short film that comes out in the beginning is too much for Western Asians, and can't you stop putting PC and feminism in him?
6,Kids are funYeah, I'm a little...
6,It was just so. It was a little loose in the middle
6,I like it because kids like it
6,I went with my child because it was kindergarten vacation, and he was a little scared
4,Avengers class? Are they all part of it? I was scared for the first hour, but later, the family joined forces and ended up with an obvious result. If it wasn't as good as I expected, I think Incredible One would have been a lot better
3,Childishness, thumping, thumping, loudness
6,I enjoyed watching it, but the kid is kind of bored
4,It's a little hectic with a 5-year-old Elementary school is going to end
6,Cool and cool in a cool way!
2,The fear of Chinese capital.
1,Was my expectation too high? jQuery22403369642654512155_1533584255374?
1,Dumplings are the worst. Stereo-filled and tacky
6,It's fun, but it's not a movie to watch twice
6,If there were more Jack-Jack in the latter half,
6,(G)I-DLE says it's fun
6,I enjoyed watching you son.
6,Just a fun movie to watch.
5,I, uh, I don't remember, I don't have a strong impact
4,Maybe it's because of Femi, but the heroes are too limited and one-sided. If I showed you everything...
6,There were a lot of funny elements in between, but there were a lot of predictable developments.
4,It's worth waiting for It's fun.
6,I think the first one is better.It was kind of boring to watch with a seven-year-old
6,What's the first dumpling?Am I the only one who doesn't understand?
1,It's not fun...Time really didn't go by
5,It was a movie for kids to watchIt was more fun for kids to watch movies than movies
6,It's fun. I really want to watch the third episode
6,It was worth watching. The baby was cute
6,The dumpling story that comes out in the beginning is more funThe Incredibles are cruel because they fight a little.
6,I went to see her.I enjoyed watching it
5,a bad movie compared to the first one
6,I talk too much and I'm sleepy. The kids...
6,Good. Good3. I'll say "Giddy" too
6,I'm tired of parenting... lol
2,Worst of all, no fun. The reviews are fake.
2,It's not fun. It's boring
6,It's a bit too much for a child to see
6,They're having a lot of fun
1,Let's not be fooled by the part-time job. Look at the cable when it comes up. What a waste of money... Why did you put a childish gag concert in such a wide world...
2,What's wrong with you?
4,I lost track of time
2,I was watching "Idol Ears" and I came out
3,After the dumpling came out, I slept through the running time Involuntarily.
6,More than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justMore than I thought... The content was justThan I thought.
1,I was a huge fan of the first episode and the reviews were really good, so I looked forward to it. Each character's charm and tantalizing taste?It's too low and there's no freshness... After Pixar was eaten by Disney, I was wondering if it stinks, but it felt much more childish.
2,I fell asleep after watching the dumpling video. Let's be quiet for now
6,I watched it lightly. Recommendation.
2,I think it's worse than the previous one. Overall, it was a little boring.
4,It was a tough time
6,I watched it without thinking.
2,I fell asleep while watching it.The first episode was 100 times more fun.
6,It's fun, but it's also boring
6,It was a little boring. I watched it with my kid, but it's not funSo I'm at a loss
2,Simple, plain, non-reversible, non-impact
2,My third son in elementary school never watches movies again. I watch cartoons with reference, but the storyline is too weak. Especially, the villain is too poor.
4,All the kids sitting next to me complained that it wasn't fun. What a waste of time
2,It was a vague story, so it wasn't fun story It was legally illegal for a hero to do anything to save people, but it was possible. He only made good characters I'm especially disappointed with the storyㅠㅠㅠ
2,It's the worst. It's really dirty
2,I was trying to avoid the kids, and I saw it in the subtitles. Why do you bring the kids who can't even read and make them ask what they're saying?I was watching and came out in the middle Thanks to the kid who screams because he's scared, he lost money well^^
6,I lost track of time and watched it
1,Honestly, I couldn't concentrate on the story because it was so hectic. I don't know what it's about.
6,It's hard for kindergarteners to watch crying
2,I enjoyed it comfortably They really like it
6,The story of the cheerful family heroes was interesting, especially the youngest's superpowers were incredible
6,I think Jack Jack is going to get 3 againIt was fun and not boringBut I can't erase the dumpling video♡♡
1,The rating of 8.5 is too high now
6,Watch a scary movie and have a cool time
4,It was below my expectation. Just the beginning was worth watching
6,It was fun and exciting. I enjoyed "Fan ID"
6,I don't know. Rather than a masterpiece...
6,No, I was the only one who was sleepy. JQuery224003803294892356135_1533103781155? Why did everyone say it was a masterpiece?
6,I was looking forward to it because they said it was fun, but personally, I think the first episode was more fun than the action
6,Just look at the children...LOL
6,I was looking forward to the fun of the first episode, but I was disappointed because the story development was not good and the action scenes were not goodT
1,I guess they're all rated part-timers. Are you all hot because it's fun? The dumpling in the front is more fun
6,It's just... it is. ^^;
6,I think the storyline is a bit lackingYou can't look forward to it too much
6,I enjoyed watching it with (G)I-DLE
6,My son, who is an elementary school student, came out in the middle because he said it was boring. Anyway, I thought it was fun...
1,If you're 14 years old or older, get a refund and wash your feet before you go to bed
2,The kids thought it was so much fun^^
4,It was a movie worth watching with the kids
6,I'm a little disappointed that there seems to be no reversal in the obvious story, but it was fun because there were a lot of funny scenes that fit the children's eyes.
6,I followed my kid to see it.I dozed off. I think the story is okay^^
6,It was released after a long time, but I liked it because it didn't change as if it stayed in that time, but after laughing, the main character is Jack Jack
2,I didn't watch it, but since it's episode 2, I'll give you 2 points
1,a cute movie that relies on characters
6,If you've watched the first episode, you'll be able to enjoy it with memories. Personally, it was just a cute family animation. It wasn't enough to impress and entertain adults like Inside Out.
2,As expected... Just...
6,Was I expecting a lot? Less fun than the first episode. The degree to which it is good to see with the kids during vacation.
3,I'm just sorry Pixar was sold to Disney.It was such a movie for children.The ability of Mr. Incredible, Dash, and Violet to increase the amount of footage on Jack Jack Jack became a mess. Edna, Violet, your friend, and Underminer, who just robs the money and runs away. a nostalgic movie about one's previous work
1,It wasn't fun. It was hard
6,I don't know if it's because I had high expectations
6,The Bao story before the screening was more touching.
5,I went to watch "Incredible 1" after reviewing it. Honestly, "Incredible 1" was more fun.Jack Jack was cute, but he was so childish, and the story was obvious ㅠㅠ Personally, it was a bummer
6,It's so boring. It's the worst Disney cartoon I've ever seen!
6,It was fun. I watched it with "Idol Star Athletics Championships" and they said it was fun
6,The kids were bored
6,It was easy. Jack Jack is so cute ㅠㅠ
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? The first episode of "Wow!"  It wasn't to this extent.
2,Do you think this kind of anime is far away?I really don't understand
4,It's just a childish vacation movie for elementary school students.
6,They like it ^^
1,I saw the dubbing... It's my first time to be in a movie.
6,It's fun. My son says it's fun, too
6,What's up with the dumplings? I'm really out of it
1,It's so childish. It's fun when you're 7 years old. It's boring and useless
6,It's fun, but it's not funny at all
6,I watched it with my family, but it's not my cup of tea.
1,The dog disappointment, the twist, the action scene that's not what it used to be.If you're going to do this, I'll just go over it and...
6,I enjoyed watching it, but my son didn't like it, so he was up and down ^^
1,It wasn't fun. I really don't recommend it It's a waste of money
6,Isn't the average rating too high? jQuery22408923383927598159_1532861874257!! The content is a little boring... It wasn't as fun as I thought.
6,What did I do 14 years ago?I'm suddenly reminiscing...
6,The latter part was a bit long The animation before the movie is fun, too
6,The scene where Jack Jack comes out is the most fun show
6,I think it'll be fun if you don't look forward to it
6,It's more boring than the first episode~~
6,The part where the baby came out was especially fun
6,Jack-Jack's weight is likely to increase in the third movie
6,I think it's just good to kill time
6,I don't think it's that bad
6,I guess I was looking forward to the first one
6,It's a bit disappointing, but it's nice to see with family
6,Elementary school students were just
4,Not really. But the realistic character acting is the best
6,Less fun than the first movie Good to watch once Star 3.5 Boring
2,You've had a good time with the kids
1,1 point for rating adjustment.
1,Adjusting the rating. It felt too long. Just normal JINYOUNG HWA
6,Of course, it's been 10 years, but why do I feel so childish after watching the first episode and looking forward to it too much?
6,It's not that funny or boringHaha
6,I thought it'd been a long time since I've seen a woman up in the air, but she ended up being described as being vulnerable
6,The boat and motorcycle were cool
5,I enjoyed watching it with the younger members.
6,It's a drama for kids.k.a. drama
6,Jack Jack Jack is so cute^^
4,Nice to see you but surprised by the boring composition
6,Only dumplings and jackjack remain in my memory at first
1,The Incredible 2 is both close and fun, ^^~
6,The kids are having fun
6,Jack Jack Jack was cute, but I didn't expect it.
2,I slept 10 minutes after the start, but I only remembered the movie
1,Don't come out on animation. It's a third-rate movie
6,The running time with a 7-year-old child is too.It's a long story. It's worth watching
4,Well, if I didn't expect it, I was too talkative for Annie movie and last 15 minutes was fun and boring overall
6,It's fun. The kids love it.
6,It's kind of funHaha
6,There are too many lines...
6,It was worth watching, but I was sleepy at first
6,It was fun
6,The composition scenario is the same as the first one.
1,I'll give you one to hit the average. When are you going to catch an underminer?
5,It's boring because it's too lame
6,It's a little boring. I don't even know it's fun
6,I watched it with my son. ^^ As expected, good!
1,Kanoza no Gitsasano
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't as good as I thought. It's fun, but it's kind of boring. jQuery22408270064180714045_1532678996257 It's a bit disappointing movie
6,I thought it was an underminer story. It's just something to watch...
5,SO SO ...   It's just a time-killing movie.
2,Edna is the only one who's disappointed as much as I expected.
6,It's getting boring as time to time to time.
5,I don't recommend it if you're going to watch it with your child. Please note that the child may be surprised because the impact is too strong in the beginning.
2,The main episode was really fun, but the second one is fun, tooThe first part of the content was more complete I think.
6,I think the dumplings were more impressive.  8 points for dumplings, 4 points for Incredibles. an average of six points
6,I watched it early today. In a word, Jack-Jack did it all of it
5,It would be fun to have a family like that
4,The dumplings are so cute
6,It was fun. Except the theater was so cold
6,It was a little boring at first, but it was fun Haha, I went 2 hours later
6,I think the middle part was 였던 If I dozed off a bit, if it was fun, I'll watch it when it's out
6,I was going to go home after seeing the dumpling scene.
6,Is Pixar on the same path as Nintendo?
6,The video was flashy and boring-ㅡ
6,There are so many things I want to say that I feel like I'm in a mess. I need to find women's rights, I need to find heroes' rights, and I need men to help. The first cute family movie didn't feel like it
1,I don't know, obvious twist, poor villain. Jack-jack is cute. However, Jack Jack's various abilities are just a device to show the difficulty of parenting
6,-The movie is fun, but the Asian derogation in the first dumpling cartoon is unpleasant
1,Movies like this are so childish.
2,What do you mean fun? I was a fan of INK1 and went to see it, but I was disappointed because it was too spicy
6,Watching the first episode so much, it wasn't that much fun compared to the expectations of the second episode.It was a bit boring in the middle.
6,A good movie to spend time with children was a little boring
1,I will respect your taste --;;ㅡㅡ;;
2,Don't watch Disney's.The children are in a terrible emotional state I brainwash the Illuminati
4,I don't know. Was I expecting too much 22?
6,The baby is so cute! It's fun!
6,It's kind of boring. I don't know what it is
6,It was just worth watching. I think it's good to spend time
1,Compared to Incredible 1, it's "ah.The first dumpling is nice. I was really looking forward to it.There are too many lines.The action for 1 was really cool.
1,Megal's Awakening, Painkiller movie. Yeah, let it go like this. The world you want doesn't come anyway.
6,I really liked the previous movie, which was disappointing than I expected, but the conflict factors leading the story were weak. It is commendable that Helen and the villain are women, but there are so many messages that the story is trying to convey that it is neither one thing nor the other. Overall, it was disappointing.
2,No fun, no fun. It wasn't fun
6,Jack and Jack just carried Super Cho hard
6,HHS는 뉴욕시에서 미국에서 최고이고 유일하게 문제가 있는 사람이다.
1,Parents who bring their babies, pretend to control their children when they make noise
1,It was fun, but it was never a 9.4 point movie. To be honest, it's disappointing and a waste of money.
6,I guess they're too scared I had so much fun Why did you show me the dumplings in the front? I felt bad because it felt like I was taking time
6,In the beginning, I thought the rating was not good because I was bored, and the first movie was much better. The rating for the second part is very high
3,Femi twisted my happy memories. forced lines and content
4,I hope you don't dirty your memories by taking out the Femi ingredients
6,It's a movie that's packed from start to finish, and there's no stretch anywhere, and you've created an attractive character called Jack Jack... why... Will it feel worse than expected and normal? The first part was ecstatic, but it felt more plain and boring.
6,Baby Jack Jack is so cute!
2,We can't find PC or fun individually
6,It's fun, baby. So cute
1,Just as I'm tired of watching Life Annie Incredible and searching for it hundreds of times over the years, the unexpected release of the second... I rushed to the theater with a big heart.같은 The story is so poor that I wonder if it's a work made by the same director, and the action scene is lacking, and it's boring.
1,Disney Pixar X Femi Collaboration
1,Even though it's Pixar, it's a little...
6,It's more boring than I thought... I guess they had high expectations.
1,It's worse than a two-hour dumpling
5,I had high expectations!
2,It was worth waiting with the kids for a long time.2 hours goes by so quickly^^
6,Honestly, it's worse than the 1st episode of Incredible
6,It's fun, but the story is too long I think the kids don't have enough concentration. Jack Jack Jack is the only thing I remember
6,It's fun! It's not as much as I expected, but it was worth watching
6,It was fun, but Pixar's unique design is still hard to adjust to, and it's not a movie for adults who are too obvious to punish...
4,I'm seriously falling asleep It's a waste of money and time
6,I slept very well...
6,The story is solid, but it's boring because it's obvious
6,I was looking forward to it, but I felt like I was fooled by the score... 심지어 It's been a while since I slept in a movie theater. ㅠㅠ Jack Jack was cute from time to time. To be honest, the dumpling series that came out briefly was much more fun.;;;;
2,It's not fun. Don't watch it I was disappointed when I came here believing that it was the worst
2,Obvious ability Obvious story Obvious ending... Just watch it with the kids^^
2,I was scared.Before the movie started, we talked about dumplings.It's cruel. The child understands...I need an explanation.The movie was fun, but...Dumplings... They're cruel
3,That's such a good review It's boring
6,Jack-jack is so cute, but overall, it's kind of boring
6,To be honest, I was tired of the first part, I almost slept, the first part was much more fun, and I gave three stars because the latter part and Jack Jack were cute
6,I was sad that I couldn't watch it because it ended wrong
6,So so-so--- It's not fun, it's not fun, it's boring
2,It wasn't good. It was similar to the first episode, and the storyline was boring, and I just fell asleep while watching it
5,It's not as good as I thought.I didn't get the characteristics, and the parenting story and heroics were totally separate.Even the villain character doesn't have the presence of his predecessor, the syndrome.It's hard to understand why such a movie is so popular.
6,I guess my feelings are far from childhood.The Avengers are more for me.Ah, destroying childhood innocence...ㅜㅜ You were young when you watched the first episode^^
6,I can't do the first one. I just feel like a sequel to Disney Channel. The first one is fun every time I see it. The introduction is too slow. When will it come? It feels like spring is getting more fun while waiting
6,A movie that both adults and children can enjoy... The Incredible who can do that difficult thing
6,It's not that fun^^~
6,Jack Jack Jack Cute movie for kids to watch
6,The youngest Jack Jack Jack has cute chemistry
1,It's 100 points, but two zeros are fired
6,I didn't watch the first one and I went to watch it with my two daughters because they were so popular, but I guess it's not their taste무I'm scared...The movie itself was complete and good
6,It's sadder than I thought. I think the first one is better
6,It's funny and humorous I recommend it as a family movie
6,I had a lot of fun watching it
6,My 5-year-old daughter sleeps, and my 8-year-old daughter cries when she swallows dumplings.I think it's hard for children to see.As an adult, I had fun ^^;
1,I wasn't having fun...1 was so much fun
2,Ha? That's a boring topics again
6,It's totally fun. I don't think this is it^^;;
2,Worst... I got a grade, went, slept, and came out.
2,I was a little bored in the beginning. I guess I had too much expectation
6,It was a bit boring, so I was sad
1,It was so childish and boring
2,The worst. It's really boring.a waste of money
6,I don't understand why you...The Elastic Girl was manipulated and broadcasted, "You're helpless." When did you explain this? When did you reveal that she was the real culprit? The connection was off, so it's not smooth. I can't give you a good rating.
6,I was looking forward to it.ㅜ I'm sorry
2,It'since...I don't have any lingering feelings
1,It's really not fun. I strongly recommend not watching it!
6,I'm looking forward to Jack Jack's
6,If each of us had added more individual scenes,
6,I felt boredIt's a bit chaotic
6,I saw it because the reviews were good, but I was disappointed. It wasn't that bad.
6,I wondered what it was because of the first content, but it was fun.
6,그It was fun somehow, Jack Jack
6,It's fun. It's fun. It's fun
6,I just watched it At first, something different comes out So I was a little flustered
5,People said it was fun, so I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't as good as I thought. The first part was very boring and the second half was only fun to defeat the villains! The first dumpling touched my heart more...
6,I enjoyed watching it. The kid likes it, too
1,It's just an 8-point animation. If the content is obvious and it seems like it's back to the animation for children, I give you 1 point to lower the score.  Just take the kids and watch
1,It's not as fun as the first episode.
6,Hm... Hm... Hm
6,It's a cute family Avengers
1,It's an Illuminati movie
6,It's fun, but it's not that...
4,It was a bit boring
4,It's just a children's movie. I'm worse than the first one. I was sleepy and fell asleep.
6,Before the screening, I was waiting for the advertisement and a short dumpling cartoon, and the children complained about when the air conditioner was working well, so they had a hard time.I heard that the movie was pretty good.
6,It wasn't as much as I expected, and it was boring, but if Jack Jack had saved the movie, I wish Dash hadn't been faster than I thought, and Violat would have been more capable.It was a bummer.
6,The action is not as good as I thought, and I feel like I'm relying on Jack Jack
6,The couple sitting next to me saw the dumpling coming out and asked me what movie I came to see. Identify the dumpling
2,Which one is more fun? Subtitles or dubbing? lol
6,The kids said they enjoyed it
6,It's not as fun as I thought
6,It's not an Incredible Hero Movie
6,I just did it
6,It's fun. I'm a bit scared when I'm in first grade
6,The kids are scared but they like it.But two hours...It's too long.
6,It's nice to look like an adult or a child
6,It's fun. A movie that fits this summer
6,Not as fun as you think
6,Am I looking forward to it too much?I was bored. My 2nd grade son kept asking me to stop seeing him and the other kid next to me was the same.--ㅡㅡ
4,They say it's fun
1,It's really fun, but the rating is really high
6,Don't look forward to it!  I was going to give you 4 points, but I'm giving you 6 points because of Jjaekjaek!
4,It's worth watching
6,Except for the second half of the battle, most of them were good. It was regrettable that he didn't seem to have properly exploded the tension he had accumulated before in the battle scene.
6,Jack Jack's visual, Mom's action, Dad's change, Violet's cider, Daniel's joke, and other idols' roles captured the popularity of "Incredible" as if they had seen a family idol, but they didn't seem to have the quality of their work
6,I honestly don't think it's a very normal Annie nine-point trick.How much is this highly praised part-time job? Please let me have a part-time job
1,I went to see a hero animation film, but it was uncomfortable to see because it was forcing too many issues on society, and the story of the Incredibles came out later, but it was disappointing compared to expectations. I wonder if the people who gave it a perfect score have a brain
1,Children's Watch is like a cartoon, but the content is inappropriate.
3,It's my first time to fall asleep while watching an animation. I really enjoyed watching it, but there are no two episodes like itIt's a waste of 45 minutes left.
5,It's just Jack Jack...It's enough for a baby to come out.
6,It's fun. (G)I-DLE loves it
6,It was fun, but it's boring
1,Audience numbers will tell you everything. I am looking forward to.
6,It's fun, but it's not special
1,I watched the animation because the ratings were good because it took over the screen. I was dozing off. It was a waste of four hours, and the elementary school kids raised the ratings...It's too obvious. It's a boring waste of money.ㅠㅠ What's with the dumplings...
4,As if you weren't good at it, you couldn't make use of Jack
6,I came out in the middle because I was bored
6,It's not as fun as I expected
6,The first episode is more fun. But it's still worth watching!
6,It's more fun than I thought. Jack's performance
6,I just dozed off. I think it's a cartoon
6,I knew it. I enjoyed it
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kids!
6,It's a loyalty to the original
2,Don't believe in criticism. Less fighting than in the first part. The theme is political content, not a confrontation between good and evil, and a clumsy drama. The atmosphere in the theater is boring, and there are many children who fall asleep. I even searched during the screening because I thought the director was different from the first one.As if the director has aged a lot.
1,How can you translate a triad into three organizations? That's so low
6,You're enjoying watching 6-8-year-olds
6,Except for the second half, it was so boring. Disappointed more than I expected
6,The beginning was so boring. There was a sense of speed in the second half. Overall, it was fun.
4,Are you looking for a cool movie theater in the hot summer?It was a time when the kids laughed a lot
6,It's fun to watch the first episode
6,It wasn't fun to watch with a 4-year-old baby~--~ㅡㅡ
6,Why did the dumplings come out?
2,I thought it was such a waste of time
6,The change of the main characters is too passive... I can't say it's a spoiler, but...
6,It's boring without Jack Jack.  If it weren't for the youngest, I would have failed
6,It's fun. A kid likes it
4,I was more sleepy than I thought, but my eyes were good
6,Just which part was fun and the rest was boringI wanted to go out while watching it
2,A chaotic hero...I don't know what the intro story is...
4,I don't know. I'm tired, but the couple sleeps except for the childIt came out
6,I got a GPA and I fell asleep in the middle because I was bored
6,After watching a funny movie, I think of a funny scene, but this movie has no such thing. For the killing time.
6,It wasn't as fun as I thoughtㅜㅜ
6,Jack Jack has done it all. It shows that the times need a new person
6,It was hard to see them because they were so young ㅜ I'm sorry
6,I can't do only the first one. What happened in 14 years?
6,It's fun. See you next timeHahaha
4,Hollywood's Asian stereo type looks too much in the main movie The Asian character is expressed as having no eyes at all Black and white characters are only good at drawing round eyes.This is how the media put it, so both of them don't have a sense of racism when they do eye gestures or something like that
2,Only Jack Jack is cute. The rest is so boring, and children watch it quietly.
2,Don't search for an animation. Make a movie. They're not kids. They're eating up all the theaters.ㅉㅉㅉ
2,Great directing skills! It's fun!
1,In the beginning, it's a very boring and childish heroism I didn't like it
6,I was really looking forward to it, but it's not as fun and boring as the first episode ㅠㅠ Too bad ㅠㅠ
1,Stop it, part-timers
1,Please take care of the kids in the movie theater.The kids are screaming and the mom is using her phone. It's a spectacle
4,Nice to meet you after a long time. I shouldn't have met you
6,Everyone's got good reviews Personally, everyone's personality became a bit cranky, so I was flustered. It's a series that needs to be followed by personality, but I think Boo-joon wasn't good enoughIt's my personal opinion
4,What is this? The ending is kind of...
4,I liked the first one better. The process of becoming a hero was more fun
6,Follow-up came out too late. The power of the main character's voice actor has disappeared and the overall handling is not very good.
1,I didn't like it I was bored because the story was obvious
6,Good, good. It's fun. I love you
2,The dumpling baby was cuter. I guess it's hot because they're saying it's fun
1,I'm so disappointed. I really enjoyed watching "Incredible 1" and I can't believe I picked "2" like this. I was looking forward to bringing my husband and kids to dinner, but I'm so happy. I'm going to trust Disney and skip it
6,Feminism movies, mom plays the main role, dad expresses that housework and parenting are difficult while working as a housekeeper, and the villain and the special envoy riding a helicopter are a little boring, but the action scene is worth watching. Incredible 1. What a waste of fame.
4,You watch a lot of kids, too. Childish adults
6,What is the difference from the first movie? It's just the first one, the second one, minus the hero
6,It's been 14 years since I was a baby
6,The complacent plot is unfortunate, but the charm of the "superpower family" is still valid.
4,The first one was definitely a masterpiece.But I didn't like the sequel
4,To be honest, it's not funny
4,If you watched it while dozing off, maybe it's because you watched it alone late at night.It's a waste to pay for it
1,Oh, I got some on my face. It's dirty
2,This is a rating manipulation... Honestly, it's not 9 points
6,14 years ago, I was disappointed by the obvious and frustrating development...All that's left is Jack Jack
2,Looking at the comments, there are so many hateful people...
6,Why is this a full view? I think I need to be more than an elementary school student to understand the funny points and stories My daughter was so scared.  It's fun for adults to watch
5,There's tension. I looked forward to it because I got a high score, and everyone was silent afterwards. I was a bit disappointed. It's different for each person, but it wasn't good.
6,Jack Jack Jack was so cute I'm looking forward to the third episode
1,Don't be fooled. It's no fun It's for babies
6,It's interesting, but it's a sequel to the Incredible with this story. I can't wait for the third movie. Find reason and level
4,I'm sure it's a movie that will catch the Femies.
3,The dumpling story in the beginning is much more touching... ㅠㅠ What's wrong with my rating?
1,It's not fun. Why is it rated at 9?
1,Part 1 is fun, but part 2 is boring
6,In the first part, I enjoyed the hard life of the heroes and enjoyed it without being bored. In the second part, the hero was stuck in a motel for too long in the beginning, causing anger and irritation, and I almost fell asleep.I feel like I watched a long movie rather than anime.I recommend watching a movie. Short dumpling mom is the best before the movie starts
4,Huge disappointment ㅜㅜ Everything is lacking compared to the Incredible 1 ㅜㅜ I thought it was just not important and the substance was missing...Maybe it's because 1 is made so well ㅜㅜ Anyway, I don't recommend it I'm ㅜㅜ
1,Two hours of PCism and Feminism promotional video
2,The Incredible 1 is much more...
6,The prequel was more interesting, but this one is worth watching
5,Is it because I was looking forward to it? Compared to the first movie...
3,Unlike 10 years ago, it's a little boring, and for adults, it's a little...I'm bored
5,I enjoyed watching "Incredible 1" and watched it more than 10 times. I had high expectations as I came out after 14 years, but it was boring. Before the movie started, I cried after watching the dumpling animation. Regret
2,I guess I had high expectations. There were many things to see, but it wasn't fun. I didn't like the short animation in the beginning.
4,I don't know why the dumpling video came out, and the story started to be boring, so there were so many boring parts in between I think I had high expectations because I enjoyed the first episode.
6,It's kind of boring... There are no cookies.
1,Femi makes money. a buffet that can be well-received only for its ingredients
6,I didn't expect other people's comments. I guess I was looking forward to it too much.
6,Honestly, didn't everyone give you a high rating? The obvious development and charm are the villains who don't you think?
6,It's fun. It's fun Just.
1,No fun. Give me back my money. No fun, no fun
4,Rehashing of the first episode...But the first episode is missing
5,I've watched the first episode more than 30 times, but after Disney took over Pixar, it suddenly seemed like he was too focused on his family story. Nice to meet you, but I hope Disney and Pixar break up.crying
6,I liked it because it was fun and organized and not obvious, but I don't know why I can only remember Jack Jack. highly volatile
2,It was so boring that I didn't want to waste time watching it, so I came out in the middle
1,I don't think so
2,I slept, but it was a waste of money. It's loose ㅜㅜ
6,a poor and far-fetched screenplay compared to the first
1,I lost track of time
6,I'm a fan of Incredible. But 2 is too much. How can it be this boring? The second half was fun and other than that, it was so obvious and new This isn't right
5,I watched the arcown video at the theater, but it was okay because of Disney's family
6,an animation for adults
4,Elementary students left in an hour...I don't know if he had high expectations.It wasn't fun. I was bored with old man's emotions.I don't think I'll watch it in theaters even if it comes out in the third episode
