지금, 만나러 갑니다
2,I want to have this kind of love someday.
4,I can't concentrate because of the main characters.Namjoo looks mean, so she doesn't fit in the role, and Yeoju is too much. How sad would it be to watch this movie when my actual children grow up? And the story is like a fairy tale
6,The acting and story was simpler than I thought
1,?worst movie. Shout love in the center of the world, but can't fall even in the toes. Nam Joo's bad acting interferes with her immersion. Scenes that are full of improbable and forcefully touching.  Especially when an actress in a female high school wrote a diary monologue, she looked so ugly that I wanted to beat her.
5,I thought a woman was an affair woman who had two houses to live in, but a woman is mentally ill.
6,I was touched by the Korean remake, so I saw the original, but I felt that the Korean remake was more interesting than the originalK
6,Walk slowly until you're about to become a cringe-worthy irrationality. Impression is maximized.
2,I like everything, but Nam Joo's face is ugly. She's just a bully
1,Japanese movie "No Fun". Why did you watch this?
6,May he rest in peace. See you later
6,The movie shows the low human rights of frustrated Japanese women who say, "I'm happy as long as my wife comes back from school to eat, clean, do laundry, and go to college in Tokyo, but live as your wife." There's a twist at the end, so it feels different
3,Maybe I should be a director too. I don't know if this level of melodrama is this high. If you watch the Titanic, you'll all faint.
5,The score was higher than I thought...And I'll sort it out if I can. Maybe she's a little late.
6,I was looking forward to it so much ㅠㅠ It was just like that...I don't think it was realistic for a dead person to reappear in a rainy season.And knowing that the two actors were actually married and divorced, I guess they couldn't relate to it more미Yuko Takeuchi's beauty and acting skills were good But male actors...I didn't like it because I knew that I got divorced badly because of the actorT
1,Male and female lead actor alerted to contraception by saying three times she could get pregnant
6,For your family even though you know the future.
2,It's too obvious... There are so many forced things to be touched that I would cry more watching other movies
1,Not really... I don't want to see it againI think novels and Korean versions are much better
4,I was looking forward to it, but I don't like it.I guess I'm weird...  I'm meeting you from yesterday tomorrow. This was more fun and sad
2,Taeyoung said ㅠㅠ 1 point
1,It's terribly boring and contrived
1,It's a cliché, cliché, cliché material. It's a cliché. It's so boring. Isn't it embarrassing to make a movie like this? I wish this kind of movie would stop coming out...
1,I can't relate to choosing to be someone's wife when I'm 20 and I know I'm going to die at 28 I'm devastated if I'm a Mio parent; I'm so impressed by the obvious story that people don't have eyes for movies
1,When I saw Nakamura's interview with Yuko Takeuchi, who got pregnant just three times, and got married, I couldn't concentrate on the movie ㅠㅠ I got divorced because I had an affair with my grandfather and ex-girlfriend.My ex-girlfriend, Okamura, retired...It left a big scar on the lives of three people. Let's make sure to use contraception.
6,the first Marquis and the second Marquis the result of one's later appreciation of the original work
1,Their motherhood fantasy. Is it impressive that a dead woman comes back and writes the lyrics for a single parenting?
2,It's a romantic movie full of fantasy.Without my wife, I couldn't do any housework, so I lived in a mess and died Do you want to clean up your wife and make her do the housework?
1,The World's Worst Movie in Jamming
1,Fools like Otaku Kim Sung-soo
1,Yeah, I don't. I don't
1,Obvious melodrama. Japan's unique visual beauty
2,her big picture to the death
2,The Korean version is more interesting I don't like the Japanese version of Namjoo
6,My husband looks like a yakuza, so I don't have any feelings at all.-ㅡ
1,One thing for sure is that it is 100 times more fun than the remake in Joseon.
1,Maybe it's because it's too old, but it's as sloppy as an independent movie. a lot of fags I think it's a hit because the actor is pretty
2,No... I can't concentrate because of Nam Joo...This masterpiece... my face ruined it. My eyes are shaking. I'm angry, too.
4,A film like a potato chip full of nitrogen. Obviously, the chips inside are delicious, but it's a movie that's too overpacked. That's too much, Earth's best.
1,The rating is too inflationary
5,I don't really like So Jiseob the best is Melo with Han Hyojoo. I don't remember the title
6,Giving a male vicarious satisfaction movie rating that a very pretty woman gives her life to be a wife and gives birth to a child because I can't pass my tears of paternal and maternal family love.
6,I guess she was looking forward to it. Except for Yuko Takeuchi. Yuko Takeuchi is the queen of lunch
1,It wasn't as good as I thought
2,In Japan, av is the answer. This isn't right
1,I don't have high expectations
4,Personally, it was very disappointing. Throughout the movie, I was less immersed and couldn't sympathize with the main characters. Also, I felt uncomfortable as if I could not retrieve all the various bait that existed in the movie.
2,Is it true that my wife is going to the company when she doesn't know when she will go?
1,The rating is too high. The scene of recalling the heroine was also predictable.
4,A movie that makes you sleep well.Obvious story. Obvious ending. 3 beats of forced emotion.It's not realistic.The storyline is a mess...
2,No fun. I watched the original movie at the age of 20. It's not even close to the original. a forced smile My son's acting is awkward. No pity, no beauty, no excitement. Why is So Jiseob sick? Sleep tight while watching. Noihae. What a waste of money. Son Yejin and So Ji Seop. This is Eunyeong. Is this the best?
1,A Japanese-style delusion and 'happiness' propaganda movie about a pretty smart girl who loves a loser and a flawed man unconditionally. Rather, the original "Oh my Goddess" is more likely.  Limitations of supervision, the limits of Japanese society
1,This score is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
6,It wasn't as sad as I thought. It's a little corny and boring. But every line touched my heart, and when my wife met her co-worker, the part that made me cry was the saddest
2,I was really looking forward to it.   I feel betrayed. Not my cup of tea.
4,The reviews were so good that I finally saw it today. But it was so boring the whole time I watched it. I'm sick and tired of talking about time warp love.
5,I don't like it. I can't even cry
1,The things that touch this are really low-level kids. I couldn't watch the movie because it was so boring and pathetic. This is touching?
5,To be honest, considering that it was 2004 at the time, the material and development of the melodrama were fresh and outstanding, but objectively, there were a lot of annoying parts and little emotional stimulation, so Nam Joo's acting was the biggest problem. It's such an old movie, so I think we should take that into consideration
1,It's really not fun... Namjoo isn't that good either. I shouldn't have seen it ㅜㅜ haha
1,Namjoo is so bad ㅠㅠㅠ자기He's a passive person who can't express how he feels. But the girl approached me first and got married
1,What the hell... the best overestimation on the planet
1,Am I weird? It's so boring and I hate running and crying
1,I watched it because the reviews were so good. Oh, silly romance
1,It just happened to be on the cable, so I saw it for a second... I changed the channel to make it emotional
1,Ha... I don't want to see this kind of movie anymore
1,I watched it because it was famous for being very touching, but I was disappointed so I made them use it even though they don't usually use it.The story is brilliant, but honestly, it was boring the whole time...T
1,This is a movie that doesn't make sense
1,It's a movie that doesn't make any soundIt's a movie like this, right?
4,It's a boring and obvious romance movie. Who can't make a movie if you make a forced impression like this? I was surprised because the rating was too high. I give you more ratings because of the OST.
6,It's a feast of bad acting, not a kid. I like the scenario
1,쪽바리 영화입니다.
6,It's been a while since I last saw you, and it was touching that you had a crush on each other, but maybe it's because you saw classical music and you saw this, but I can't cry this time.I think I cried a long time ago; anyway, it's a little unrealistic, so I don't think I'm getting old
6,It was nice to see a forced but touching family love
5,An ugly, clumsy man who can't forget his first love + a nice, obedient doll-like woman who sacrifices for a man and a son + a cute son ??? Men in their 10s and 20s FANTASY
1,Japanese movies are no longer science, such as forced Shin-pa, absurd development, overly cliche flow, glistening eyes of Nam Joo, and the concept of wetting without any attractive characters in the characters
1,Shouldn't it be revived every rainy season? There's no saying that you'll be resurrected once
1,그것은 원숭이 영화다.
6,It was worth watching. Good, good, good!
1,I like Japanese movies, but I was bored to death watching this
1,Are you emotionally dry? Now that I see it, I couldn't concentrate and concentrate on all the things that I couldn't understand rationally.
6,the height of contrivedness.The setting is unrealistic, but how can the emotional line be unrealistic?A woman who doesn't remember anything about who she is, falls in love with a man without any incident in just a few days?The kids, too, aren't they strangers?
6,I guess my emotions are dry ㅠㅠ I'm sorry for the fans of this movie. The baby is so cute. But the story doesn't make sense, so I can't get into it
1,It seems irresponsible to marry like that even though you know you're going to die. Selfish woman...
4,What? The OST is good. The last 10 minutes? It's fun... No, but I think it's better to live another life than to die at 28.
4,I happened to see it twice... No. 2 is not that...;;;
6,Just an overboard ghost version. Old Clichay Lee Sang. However, Yeoju is pretty
6,A couple with a baby kisses once, why are you hesitating?
1,I watched it because it was a sad movie, but it's not sad at all.  One thing I found out while searching for the female lead was that she got married for speeding while filming this movie and divorced in 2008. Namjoo remarried in 2015
5,It is very calm until 20 minutes before the end of the movie. It's kind of boring in a way. The story of this movie seems to exist for the last 20 minutes. 5 out of 10 by my standards
1,Don't trust the score. It's not fun a small fly
4,The ending of the movie that woke me up after watching it sadly...
2,It's nothing... It's just that kind of content
1,Don't be fooled by the ratings, six is not a good movie, killing time "King of Abu" and "The Worst Movie of My Life"
6,When a rainy fantasy falls, a pure love fairy tale is made.
1,Yongin High School Baek Seungbum, fighting!
5,innocence closer to ideal than empathy
1,Namjoo's shaking eyes. It's a story that makes me cringe and predict
1,I'm not picky about movies. I watched it with little expectation, but it's not fun, it's boring, it makes me fall asleep. The actors' acting is really... I don't get impressed and it's hard ㅠㅠ I don't even remember what I saw because I didn't enjoy it. I want to give you 0 point truth
6,Unrealistic settings are also necessary to give a different kind of fun. But in this movie, unnecessarily over-setting for the content only interferes with immersion
1,I was fooled by the horoscope.Time Paradox
1,Is this a sad movie? I was scared of the sound of my dead mother coming back to life in the beginning
5,Reading books and watching movies...It's been a while since I made it, but after reading the book, I watched the movie, but I couldn't even cry...I recommend you read it in a book.
1,It is right not to watch right-wing Japanese movies.Bored and sentimental
5,I can't relate...
1,I was fooled by the score that I was going to die of boredom while I was watching Eunyeong's movie!
3,It was boring, obvious, awkward acting, and I didn't like it at all right.I was so disappointed when I saw the review.It's not that touching either
5,Thank you. My score is...
1,I felt cringe-worthy and uncomfortable throughout the whole time because of the content that seemed to be forced to create emotion.
1,I enjoyed it It's a movie that's worth 10 points
6,Maybe because I expected too much, it wasn't very touching.And Namjoo's personality is so timid and frustrating ㅠㅠㅠ
6,Look at the ratings for men and women. I've never seen that much difference
2,I saw it on my friend's recommendation, but my tears just yawn... The last time jump was really ridiculousI don't know if I don't have an eye for movies, but I get exactly 2 points.
1,a far-fetched and unrealistic development
1,It's not fun.
1,I really didn't like the rating
4,It's not like 5 stars, but it's fun and touching!But I don't think it's sad.There's a boring part in the middle, but it's fun
1,So what? "Mom's dead! No more! But at the factory! Live as one! I'm dead, but I met Amy seven years ago as a Time Traveller -> I'm going to set up my husband, Jungson, and I'm going to live my life adapting to the reality -> I think it's better to stop making movies in Japan.
1,Even though it's a fantasy, there's an explanation that the genre only pursues reality, so this is a scam It's the best trash movie ever
4,It is so popular that I have tried to watch it several times, but I have never seen it until the end because of its unique blandness. It is not fun
1,I like Yeoju, but personally, I don't like the story.
5,I don't know... Middle and high school students? It's boring and jjamppong...
4,I wasn't very impressed
4,A cliche, unrealistic, far-fetched story. be overrated
6,It was okay, but...I don't think it's a star.   Personally, the background music is the most memorable...
1,Combining fantasy with everyday life is hard to impress. The dead aren't Jesus. How do you come back alive?Fantasy should release a baby only in the fantasy world.
1,Beautiful. The heroine is so lovely. But this doesn't seem to be a rating. Boredom and impracticality didn't hit me. The second half of the eight points seems appropriate
1,I can't help being bored throughout the movie before and after.As the person at the bottom said, the last part is good defense
1,It's so obvious and unlikely. a film with an ending
5,I like melodrama, but it's not fun because it's not realistic.
1,Balance control. I think it's actually a movie with 7 points. The movie has already come to an end since the beginning of the movie, and the development itself is predictable for everyone, so I'm frustrated. If you see a secret that you can't tell, you'll feel a level difference even though it's a similar melodrama genre.
5,I don't know why my horoscope is so high. Each setting was childish, and it was uncomfortable because it seemed to be forced to make me sad throughout.  Yuko Takeuchi was really pretty. Goddess.
2,If you want a love story like a fairy tale, ok. But this movie genre I felt is not Melo, but Sinpa Fantasy.I feel again that the majority opinion is not true
1,I don't have a consensus. Just pure love. That's all. Why are you dragging your feet? It's like a fairy tale where the hell is sad. I'm cringing my hands and feet and feet
5,Haha
3,I only sigh throughout the movie
6,What scene should I be sad about? It was hard to get into the emotion because of the childish development.
1,How can a person live without loyalty among food, clothing, and shelter?
5,The fantasy romance setting is good. But it didn't impress me that much, so I was very disappointed.
4,I don't know. The book is much better. It's just a little boring. The movie Pride and Prejudice is much better...
5,그저 그런, 평범한
6,Fresh content composition, but the boring first half is a shame.Also, the content is fresh but very unrealistic, which is actually unfortunateI think the rating of this movie should be about 6 to 7 points
5,It's the charm of a movie that's in full bloom at the end...If only I could be by your side...But the first part is really boring
1,It may be different for each person, but no matter how sad the movie is, I never cried. And if this movie is not good among the sad movies that I saw, it is not just a waste of time and emotion
1,It's a bit high
1,It's too high.
1,I almost got dry eyes while watching a movie. Wow... I saw it because I wanted to be deeply sad because I heard that the rating is high and sad... Where did the person who cried so much after watching this movie? Ah... I really... It wasn't sad. It's just a beautiful love.yes
1,I don't think it's really 1 point, but the rating is too high. I think it's just pure and pretty love, but it's not very touching. Seven points are appropriate.
4,I think the movie was not good because I expected a lot because it had a high rating.To be honest, it was beautiful to express pure love, but it was very boring.And it felt like I was touching youI've heard this a lot and I don't know which part is really sad because it's all the same; anyway, a movie I don't want to see again
1,It was the worst movie I've ever seen
2,I'll be very honest with you. I didn't expect it, but it was lower than I expected. It's boring, it's obvious that you just tried to end it, and it's not sad... I don't even know why the ratings are so high...It was beautiful to draw pure love, but that's it.
1,Japanese movies are not 100 percent interesting.Especially, this movie has a high rating, so I looked forward to it, but I hate the fake name of Japan.Everyone's not good at acting either.
3,I saw it because people recommended it, but honestly, it's not good. I fell asleep while watching it.
1,The ending was pretty good, but I don't know why the rating is so high.I'll have to look at it one more time. I don't know if it's because I've seen too many movies and animations like this...
6,Am I the only one who feels that the story is a little simple? Isn't the fantasy element too improbable. What kind of nonsense time slip are you trying to make up a story of reality? The story of the monologue part of the wife's diary in the second half is like an ordinary youth romance that I've seen everywhere.
6,If you love, you can be a dreamer sometimes.
1,What do you mean, 9 points? I don't think it's worth this much.
1,It was a very X-like movie with three beats of boredom, sleepyness, and irritation. It was so boring. The kid in the movie is so cute and pretty that he didn't turn off the movie. The reason why this movie has a 9 rating is one of the examples of Naver's part-time jobs.
2,I don't know why I admire this movie.
3,Why is this...You got such a high rating, right?The last twist was great, but it was boring
5,the home of the Japanese version of the legend
4,I'm confident that I cry a lot. I was bored and didn't feel much emotion when I watched other movies to see if they were resistant or if they didn't make any difference. So close ㅠㅠ
3,The movie is really good, but in the last scene of the sunflower scene, I thought I was going to vomit, get dizzy, and die. Be careful if you watch this movieThe movie takes away my health and gives me 3 stars
5,One of the trite Japanese melodrama was "movie."
6,so, that
1,The sunflower is pretty
5,I watched it until the end, but it was a little boring. I'm not impressed by the story
5,Just a calm movie. It's a movie that's not good enough to cry.
5,I don't feel anything at all.
5,I don't like it.
6,I'm a high school student but I don't cry because I'm old. I usually cry well
3,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,I know you're happy, but it's a plausible story, but it's a forceful move
5,Let alone tears... I was ready to cry.
3,What is it? It's not sad. It's "Extraordinary Performance" and a movie
6,I liked the ending part, but it wasn't a fantasy melodrama. It didn't make sense and I wasn't impressed. 6.5cm
6,It's like a fairy tale. It's like a cartoon. I don't really...
1,I really like melodrama. I'm proud that books are better. I can't get zero points
1,What kind of story falls into fantasy?
6,A nice, beautiful and happy love fantasy. But too obvious, tearful, kind movie.
6,I don't like it. Some touching movies are a drag; I'm the problem
2,It seems like a movie trying to make you cry on purpose, but the rating is good. I'm going to peel it
4,boolean flag=true while(true) {mio}
4,Honestly, this movie would have been ruined if it weren't for Yuko Takeuchi. Story dogshocking
5,I looked at it with a secret that I couldn't tell, so I couldn't really relate to it
3,It's a pretty movie. It doesn't suit me.
6,I watched it because it is very famous for sad movie, but Fantasy Melo to me is...
1,I've never seen a movie about the ending of this structure, so I'm not touched.It's not like 1 point, but it's not a perfect score
1,I trusted the ratings and I almost turned it off because it was frustrating. Boring + acting by actors is so frustrating
6,Time to endure for the last...
1,It's 2 points
2,It's been a while since I found a sad movie because I wanted to cry. It's a fantasy. It's a fantasy genre
5,The old Japanese melodrama...
3,I didn't understand the movie well, so I wasn't impressed
4,What makes you cry?
1,9.24 is too much. It would have been nice if we could've added more sadness to the mother-child relationship
2,It was boring, but the rating was so good that I watched it twice as fast... Oh, my.
6,A movie that is the light itself, but it was so bright that my eyes hurt
1,This kind of movie is not my cup of tea. If it was too boring, sometimes
5,The contrived setting and awkward expression of emotions interrupted the immersion, which was personally frustrating and boring...
1,That's not good. What kind of panda is it is
1,Let's not recommend this movie as a sad movie!
2,4.2 Why is this so high?Why is this obvious story 9 points?Where is the emotion?
1,What's so funny about this? OOO actor OO has a new meal
6,It wasn't that touching, but it was worth watching^^
4,It's a masterpiece, but it's not about nine
1,I don't like it. I'll throw away 2,000 won. I'll just eat tteokbokki
1,Ah-- The only music that comes to mind when I see this is "I didn't cry."LOL
6,The same Japanese movie Love Letter, Jose Tiger, and Fish were good, but this is...
2,Is it a supernatural phenomenon?
3,In the 2nd episode of "Surprise", "Today's show is not fun"
5,I don't know if it's because it's not my cup of teaThe ratings were high, so I watched it until the end, but it was boring
1,The whole time I saw it, the rejection...
1,It's all personal preference
4,I made him doze off for a long time, and then he hit me at the end
6,I have to say that this high rating wasn't my cup of tea
2,Honestly, it doesn't make sense and he said he was really sad, so I wanted to cry, but I couldn't even cry.
6,I thought it would be sad, but it's not sad. At the end, it's not a twist, but a twist... Deduct points because of the last one.
1,My childhood innocence is gone. It doesn't come to me at allBeautiful and fresh, but too childish
1,I saw the ratings and thought I would cry if I watch this movie. What is it?I was like, "What is this?" and then... It is done.
1,I don't know
6,It's like a fairy tale.  It's a pretty movie, but it doesn't hit home.
1,I don't understand why it's 9 points
1,I don't think so.
1,Obviously, I'm not feeling thin.It's my first time seeing a melodrama and not feeling this way.
3,I don't think I'm emotionally dry. It's so boring
1,It's a piece that's too good to give a rating of 1 point!It's a ridiculous story.I'm not impressed at all.
6,It's not fun at all.
1,I... I don't know.
6,I didn't feel much moved... The story is so unrealistic that I'm touched.
5,Mio's perspective, background, psychological description, and ending are cool
5,Childish.
6,fairy tales But I think the rating is too high
5,I don't like it...
5,It's too obvious. I tried to squeeze out tears, but it didn't come out... It's just a Japanese movie.
1,The obvious story, it's not touching at all.I don't understand why the ratings are so high.
1,Japanese Melo has never been touched Obvious story, too much of a forced worst
1,The worst movie in my life! I was tricked by the rating ;;
2,It's no different from a romantic comic book that stimulates women's emotions.
1,Boring movie with obvious story and forced emotion
5,I don't like the movie, but the female character is my best ideal type
1,Objectively, 7-8 points is an appropriate score, so I give you the lowest score.
1,traitor
1,Honestly, it's not this kind of money, but the rating is too high
3,Why am I bored.................I watch it in the middle and end up feeling impatient........;;
3,I just bought a DVD and watched it again, but I can't stop acting
2,It wasn't as good as the book's toenails. It was so boring
4,A movie that didn't work for me...Kikujiro's summer was really good...
1,The worst movie of my life, Japanese romance, is really boring
6,It was just so-so.T
3,It's a movie that I watched with a rating... ...and I'm not impressed.It wasn't even fun.
1,what.
1,Oh... I
1,It's not sad at all
2,It's a waste of time and I think I lost money in filenori Oh, I'm so annoyed. I was fooled by the review
1,It's touching, but...I don't think it's as good as my grade.
1,I'm a big fan of Japan and England, but personally, it's not my style! I was so bored that I couldn't go past 30 minutes.
5,I fell asleep while watching it. It's touching but very boring
3,What is this? There's no twist. I'm not touched
1,No comment
1,For those who suffer from insomnia, I strongly recommend... It's boring itself
1,I'm going to grade it now. I'm so touched
6,It was just so-so
1,It's definitely not a movie that deserves this much rating.
1,I couldn't concentrate on the movie because of the heroine's nostrils.
2,I got angry the whole time I watched it.It doesn't match a dog's poo with a beauty.
1, grade, mark,  GPA
1,It's different for each person. I've seen him three times. It's really...
6,To be honest, I didn't expect... ;;
6,It is typical of Japanese movies where only the video is pretty and the story is contrived. Male actors are miscasting
6,I can't be the only one fooledIt's 10 points
6,Hm... I guess you were looking forward to it too much. I don't think it's a movie that'll make you cry.
1,Mis-casting...Actor... When Yuko was in high school...This really doesn't match...
1,The rating is too high.
1,If I watch a Japanese movie again, I will go to the castle. Oh, my God, I was tricked ㅠㅠ
5,The story has 10 stars, but I think it's miscasting the male lead It wasn't like this the whole time I watched;
1,It's cliche. It's cliche.
1,The rating is this high.
6,Beautiful movie... But it's so absurd.
6,Well, honestly, the book was more interesting
6,Japanese dramas... Why? Why? The ending is this long. The aesthetics of the swings that wear down the smile.
2,a waste of time reporting
3,Japan is frustrating
2,If it wasn't for Yuko Takeuchi, I wouldn't have watched it until the end -_-+
1,They say it's the best when it comes to unrealistic content
6,That's so touching. It's a bit far-fetched.
1,It was boring for 1 hour and 30 minutes and it was fun. 9.2 is not good
6,I don't think it'll be awkward to edit it again in 15 minutes It's not a good idea. It's a good title
1,Am I not sentimental? I was bored the whole time watching.Life is beautiful.Not even a hundredth of a hundredth...
5,There's nothing to eat at the famous feastI think you should think it's a difference in taste. I like the whole atmosphere
1,I was fooled by this rating. I expected it to be this obvious movie, but... That's too much
1,I strongly recommended it to my crush, but I was sad and watched it with no expression for 2 hours
4,Drama is more sad than movie. It's much more touching
6,It was more than an ordinary Japanese movie, but it wasn't enough to be a masterpiece
1,OO... Are you kidding me? It's not fun at all
1,She's not as pretty as you think. I'm not touched
3,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it... It's not that great. It's my personal opinion.
1,거 Bubbles --
1,Is this fun?
3,I was a little touched, but for that, I was too bored to watch the movie.
5,It's just something to watch...
5,It's not as good as I thought.It's not touching. It's a bit far-fetched. I can't relate to it. It's
1,Take it down to 8 points. Are you kidding? Touching? Thanks to you, I cured my insomnia
1,I'm not a romantic
1,Rather watch a drama than a movie. That's all I can say...
5,I focused and watched it, but I couldn't relate to it at all.Now, it's a cliche Japanese style...
1,Honestly, it's boring and...
5,I was just sick of it
1,Oh... I was fooled.
1,I haven't finished watching this movie ㅠㅠ
1,What a waste of a star! A man is going to cry! The ending is funny. I thought it was OOO
2,It's just a little by little.I can't even cry
1,Oh, I really looked at it. -_- It's just that.Why are you crying after seeing this?<-Give 1 point because the score is too high>
5,An obvious romance, a drama, a movie
6,It's just... a spine-shaking surprise It's touching, but it's far fetched
5,To be honest, I wasn't sad. It's flat.
1,Not really, books are more interesting
4,I don't understand other people's ten points It's a waste of 2 points for a boring love story.
1,No.
6,Really... I looked at the score, but it didn't meet my expectations
4,I took it after the college entrance exam... It was pretty plain... It's not up to my expectations. ㅜㅜ
3,It was childish enough to interrupt my immersion in the movie
2,This kind of forced setting... That's boring!
2,It was not as fun or touching as NAVER's rating
1,be not very interesting
2,There was no fun and no emotion.
1,Japanese movies are worse than TV dramas.  Every time a woman or a man dies.
1,a cheap movie
4,Honestly, I don't know where to cry.
5,It's a fantasy romance, but the story is too poor;
5,Fantasy dedicated to the families who lost their babies and mothers, a lesson that only the brave get beauty
5,Fairytale fantasy - childish - for killing time
5,I worked hard to make it. a very wholesome fairy tale
5,It's just a medium movie for me
6,It's a tear-jerking new film, but it's not bad
1,Not only is it not sad, but the reality show is so bad that it prevents me from getting immersed
1,How does this mean 9.2? Kikujiro is much better
4,It's as fun as the average score.
1,It's okay. Yeoju is pretty, too. Personally, it's worth 8 points
1,Boring... ...it's a fraud to have such a high rating.
1,What a waste of money! Why is this 9.2? No way
6,I saw it because the reviews were so good, but honestly, I was disappointed;;;
6,fresh and calm contentEspecially, little Yuji's acting is outstanding.a low-budget movie except for the cost of an actor's labor
1,If you fell asleep while watching it, it's a mouse
1,I'm sure it's a trick, but I can't allow you to judge a true masterpiece with a bubble rating
1,It's a mess! Get real!
1,How can a movie like this get such a high rating? It was the worst movie in my life.
1,The ending is a bit...
1,cheer + shout out love + letter + October love in the center of the world
1,I'm sleepy. The last one is fun. Jump to the future
5,for failing to bring to life the beauty of a novel The most important scene is getting cut off because of the 12 year old
1,Boredom
1,unrealistic, impractical, unreal
6,It's just... Is Japanese movie time? It was just like that.
6,I don't cry that much. It's just heart-hearted
6,An example of mutual assistance between the original and the remake.
1,Strange. Why am I so sad when I go to the boy heaven?I was tricked by the rating
2,I don't know... As expected, we don't match
6,You can't do male acting. He's about to get angry
6,A calm movie...
6,I watched it without thinking -- was it too much to expect, it was worth seeing
1,Wow, that's not funny all along the way Don't look
6,How is this movie 9.19? But I love you. The song of the sun is sadder
1,It's so unrealistic...There's this boring side to it's
1,It's not that... It didn't hit me
1,Oops... It's just annoying.
1,It's not fun
6,The rating is very high. It's a good movie, but it wasn't that bad.
3,I don't like Japanese movies. I'm bored. I'm sleepy
1,The most ridiculously rated movie after the Untold Secret
1,A movie you'll never understand --
1,You must be brainy to understand a movie
1,It's just that kind of movie
5,I didn't like it-- why is it so rated high? So it's salty.
5,I don't think this movie is that touching;[I think so far]
1,The heroine's face was so blank that I couldn't get into it --; Compared to Horse Defense, movies that kids watch
6,I saw him a long time ago. It's a movie, but it doesn't make sense.
6,It's just a romance that doesn't make sense
1,seem to have put something together
1,a poor job compared to an unspeakable secret
2,Well, I don't really...
5,It's a movie dedicated to Homo and women and first-timers. I'm getting annoyed by the love story of Golbin.
1,Some wife came back alive during the rainy season...  Since the rainy season is over, it's going back...  Unrealistic
4,a grossly exaggerated rating... This is fun and touching? What is it?
1,It's a bit far fetched
5,The delusion of a bald widower
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,a waste of time
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,This is the phantom paper;
2,It wasn't good
1,I'm seriously going to round this up on Volva
2,The story is too obvious and the reality is severely lacking.I'm bored. I don't personally recommend it ^^;
1,The rating is too high. The movie itself is artificial. Have you seen it before?
5,I'm bored because I watched it with high expectations.
4,I don't know if I'm weird... It wasn't that sad
6,It's just a Japanese movie.
5,The highest score for non-artificial scenery and images. Less is given compared to the setting.
6,Is it not enough to excite my emotions? The heroine is pretty, so I give her 6 points.;;
1,Which part should I cry?
1,It's such a boring topic...
5,All I can see is a pretty strange twist and a cute Yuji.
1,It doesn't suit me -_-..with a thud
4,Looking at the secret that I can't tell and looking at this. I don't know what it is.
1,Once again, I'm disappointed in Naver ratings
1,Where should I cry?
1,I saw it because they said it's a secret that I can't tell you, but I was nervous
1,I want to give you 7 points, but it's too high. I have to lower it. It's not fun
5,I'm disappointed.
1,I don't know why all Japanese melodrama movies are like that.
1,It wasn't enough to be the best.
6,As expected, it was not to watch a melodrama.
3,The rating is making me cry. I checked the rating and borrowed it. It's worse than Drama City.ㅠ.ㅠ
1,It's not touching, it's not fun, it's totally invisible! It's like a Japanese movie!
1,Is this really a sad?It is my first time to watch a sad movie with a smile.
1,Why did you make this movie? It's not fun, it's not touching, it's not thrilling. I hate movies
1,typical composition of Japanese films
1,The secret that I can't tell you honestly is much more touching.
1,It doesn't look good on me
6,an unusual movie
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,have no substance
1,I just want to give you one point. It's boring
1,Well........by the way...............................................
1,It's a movie that makes people who give perfect score!
1,It's a sleeping pill. It's a movie
1,the worst
1,unrealistic, impractical, unreal
6,I don't understand 10 points in a row. I trusted the rating and watched it. Regret...
1,This rating is not correct. Isn't that a bit far-fetched?
1,I was looking forward to it, but it's boring;;
6,It's a movie with a good story. It's calm and has a twist.
6,What do you mean?
5,I saw it without difficulty.
1,Jianna, you're not fun
6,The movie that I showed you as much as I thought...It's not that...
5,It's not a movie that will get 9 points... I don't understand why the rating is so high.
6,It wasn't that sad and the twist was weak and normal ^^
4,I don't know.
3,I liked Yuko, but it wasn't as good as I thought.
1,It was fun, but I was so sad that I got 1 point
1,fight on one's own
1,OOO flag
5,I saw it today...A movie that doesn't make me cry at all.Did I flip it too much?
4,Uh, am I weird?It's emotional but I don't know where to cry
1,I slept because it wasn't fun
1,The rating of 9.19 is ridiculous  It's fun, but it's not a rating, so 1 point
1,It's really fun, but it's Japanese
1,I like all the stories but the Japanese ones
1,The story is good, but it's not a drop of tears and it's not a sad waste of time
6,It's kind of pathetic
2,I'm bored and it's not that fun... I think the secret that I can't tell you is the best!!!!!
1,Argh! I'm bored!
4,A plain, cliche fantasy romance that relies on fairy tales
6,It was worth watching, but it wasn't sad, it was pretty boring.
4,I don't know what I saw that touched my heart.
1,Honestly, it doesn't make sense.
1,Boredom
1,I'm getting cursed at
1,I'm going to curse right now
1,Just.
1,Not as much as I heard
1,Well, it was a little fun, but I don't think it was 9.2.
1,Ugh... I am OOO. I have nothing to say
1,Is it jjamppong?
1,FANTASY who made various movies
1,What's this?
1,Among the Japanese movies I saw, one of the five fingers
1,Let's not give any movie or 10 points. 8.5 is a good movie.
1,..there were so many things that didn't make sense
1,an incomprehensible movie compared to the genre
1,I liked the solid scenario, but it's not as fun as I thought
1,Good. I'm so touched
1,You're the best ㅠㅠ
1,It's a very interesting movie
1,The best movie that touches your heart
1,a good movie
1,Honestly, it's not 1 point, but the score is too high
1,Honestly, 7 to 8 points is enough, but it's so fictional It was kind of sad
1,It's a ridiculous movie with a lot of parts that don't fit the genre
1,Ratings. I don't understand...-0-
1,Prime Minister Fukuda, Ganbare!
1,Why is a movie teleporting, not a fantasy?
1,I agree with that
1,A movie with too many nonsense elements for its genre;;
1,To be honest, it was so boring...
6,At the end, "dope" is really fun, rather than -_- cajole. It's really fun, but due to retribution...
1,I wasn't touched at all
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I personally don't like it
1,It's fun. 10 points. But it's a Japanese movie
1,retribution for one's favor
1,There's no denying that there's a bit of an overstatement.
1,Please watch it a lot!K
1,a rating carover
3,It was worth watching
1,I don't know if it's because of the high expectations
3,I wasn't impressed.
1,Not good.
2,A movie that doesn't touch me
4,It's just a common story, except for a little lingering.
1,a typical trash can
1,Don't crawl out of the dog movie
1,I got to see my brother.I don't understand;;ㅜ.ㅜ ......I don't understand
6,I saw it right after I saw the secret that I couldn't tell you.This is... weak.
1,Worst Squeeze Movie Actors, Error
6,I don't know if it's because I saw a secret that I can't tell...Take out the second half of 5 minutes and go to sleep...Well.
1,An overrated movie. be no better than October'same as October
1,Frankly, it's much better to keep a secret that I can't tell.
6,I'm a little touched
1,It's not... The rating is too high. Is it everything if the movie is beautiful?
6,I don't know what's so touching and the best
5,I fell asleep while watching it. It's a shame that I drew such sentimental love. movie-like love
1,It just doesn't make sense and the rain is blah blah blah
1,As expected, Japanese melodrama is boring and I can't relate to it at all. October love is much better
4,The acting was really good, but... A ridiculous movie! It's totally a cartoon!
5,I can't act like a girl. But it's an obvious story. I don't recommend it to people who watched movies
5,Obvious content... -_-; But sunflower is pretty
1,It's a movie with a high rating, but it's so boring
1,a ridiculous movie
5,It's touching.
5,It's touching.
1,Good movie but 9.23 is too high
1,I'm just cursing.I watched it while preparing to shed tears on my friend's recommendation, and TV is sadder with love
1,Can you give me zero stars?
1,The same kind of love story is touching several times, but this is unexpected and boring.
1,It's kind of boring and not sad
1,What's sad? It's boring
5,I thought it would be very sad, but it's just boring??? Why is the rating so high?crying
1,It's not funny
3,It's boring because it's too calm
6,It's a movie about my first love.
4,Honestly, I don't really... Untold secrets are more interesting
5,I'd rather vote for a secret I can't tell you.It's because of Yuko... Ah, boredom...
1,not much
6,It wasn't interesting, and when the woman went back, she forced her tears out
1,Disappointed... The unique awkwardness of Japan. Just make Enina
1,Ah, give me my money--
1,Boring and forcing fantasy to cry
4,The word "best" is from silent movies to the presentPlease tell me after watching so many movies.
1,I can tell you're imitating her.
1,It's just a Japanese movie
1,It's fun, but the rating is too high...
1,Why is the rating so high?It's sadder to keep secrets that I can't tell you
1,It's worth watching, but the rating is too high
1,The first movie I watched this year...The ending was predictable just by looking at the setting.What a disappointment.
1,I slept...
5,I like the freshness of twisting the ending that seems obvious
6,Can someone tell me what's sad?;; What for? It's so annoying
6,The genre isn't melodrama, but fantasy? It was heart-warming, but it wasn'
5,It's not that...
6,I've seen it twice, but what's sad about it?However, everyone cried when I saw Tanno and Yeonjun
1,To be honest, it's normal, like never to be in the 9s
2,I tried to hold it in and watch it, but it was boring, so I turned it off...
6,Like I saw a butterfly effect -_-
1,I also think about 8 points is appropriate.
1,It's good, but -_- Honestly, I think it's about 8 points. The score is too high.Other masterpieces are buried
6,Your score was high ㅠㅠMaybe it's because I was really looking forward to it...In the beginning, it's boring... In the second half, it's just...
6,The video was pretty, but it's a shame that it doesn't fill the story
1,This isn't right I don't know what it's about at the end... He's so calm
3,It was supposed to be 0 point, but because of the girl's face, I gave it 3 points
5,It was boring. It wasn't touching. I just think that the female protagonist is pretty.
5,I saw it because it was recommended to be very sad, but I was disappointed because I expected it so much
1,Are you kidding me?
5,It's like a Japanese movie. The director thought about it and made it
2,It's not fun. What's this?
6,The rating is too high... It's fun.
5,a mysterious film with no good reason for its high rating
5,It was boring in the middle and the content was too childish.
4,What's so beautiful about this?
1,Okay, bye... Is this too obvious story?LOL
6,If you look forward to it, it's disappointing, but it's still touching
3,The rating is too high for the movie...
6,The ingredients were good, but they couldn't make the soup taste good.
5,It's like a fairy tale, but it's very boring
4,It's boring, but at the end, it's absurd. I've seen a lot of movies about the future.
4,--;; It's not some kind of fairy tale.Why is his acting so unnatural?
1,It's not very
5,It's not so sad.
6,I was looking forward to it, but I felt disappointed.A movie that didn't even shed tears.
6,I guess my expectations were too high
4,I was disappointed when I saw it because the score was good."Love Novel" (starring Tomaki Hiroshi) is the best melodrama
1,I don't know what's touching.--;; Boring. Boring.Unexpected loss... The end?
2,Bingo! I was also bored.-- In reality, but the music was good
1,The movie that I watched boringly... But I like the OST.
3,I agree with the expert rating. In Japan, a different kind of melodrama
3,좋아요.
6,This is the style of the original writer
6,--;; It's a bit of a forced, sad.;; It's a ridiculous story. I can't believe it
6,I was sad
2,A good story, but a Japanese movie with a lot of lessons
5,This is why I can't believe the netizens' score
1,He killed my idol, Kwak Won-gap.
1,I have no blood, no tears. the worst movie ever
