동주
4,I can't see the sky, the wind, the stars and the city. Black and white with awkward actors and money-saving intentions. Lee Joon-ik's vulgar directing...
6,Dongju entered the unknown world and met Song Mong-gyu.
2,I turned it off while watching it.It's boring.
6,I watched it a lot, but it's not a high-quality movie. Honestly, there are a lot of drama movies that I watch because I think of them. Dongjoo tried to find the background of the times when he recited the poem, but I'm thankful that he didn't watch it
1,Before discussing the quality of the movie, it was so boring that I failed a few times
2,Oh, I fell asleep five times Waking up, I looked at clock 74. I've created a boredom that shouldn't have come out of this world
6,The last song that Kang Haneul put in was a great move.
6,I can feel nothing but the lack of exploration of poet Yoon Dong-ju and the neat black and white visual beauty
4,Boring... I expressed Japan in such a bad way that I felt uncomfortable. I was able to heal because of Haneul
6,What he knows is also touching if director Lee Joon-ik makes it.
1,I was looking at it and it made me growl
1,
1,You're not supposed to do that. You're not supposed to do that. You're not supposed to do that
6,The material was good because it was based on a true story, but the production was normal. I liked Kang Haneul, but I was surprised because he was so bad at acting He's not as good as a supporting role in drumming I know you're a nice person, but if you're an actor, you have to act It was my first time meeting Monggyu, and he acted really well. Did you play the play? The actresses were pure and clean, but they didn't really feel attractive There's a slight love line, but XION was naive and stiff. Kang Haneul was so bad at acting that she looked like a person with intellectual disabilities I want to give 0 point to Kang Haneul's acting, but Monggyu's acting was so good that I only gave him 3 stars because of him. The only thing I felt was the subtle homosexual code between the two men who are cousins and friends But even though they were so explicit in their intentions, they were real people and they couldn't dare to flirt with each other, so that was meaningless I shed tears and I became solemn about their fate, but I can't say that the movie was made well
1,I love you, I love you!
1,
6,Yoon Dong Ju. Beautiful and pure. Like his poem.
4,To be honest, I watched it thinking that there was such a boring movie, and there was no probability, and of course it was a true story, but the ending was too vain to watch it as a movie It's nothing more or less
1,Good Speech on Environmental Degradation Sports
2,The acting was good and the meaning of the movie was good, but the editing was ㅜㅜ so boring
6,I think we should do Mongyu instead of Xion. Song Monggyu is the main character
3,A movie that shows the life of Yoon Dong-ju and Song Mong-gyu when I was in school. But it was not my taste...
1,Your acting skills must be human Yoon Dong-ju's heart for Korea will also be acknowledged But I think this movie is a mixture of speculation and exaggeration, not a reality If you really want to tell and want to do it, don't exaggerate, don't speculate, just tell the truth
1,Honestly, it's better to read a great man's biography
6,It would have been much better if we focused on Yoon Dong Ju's work...
6,A black and white video that makes you fall into Song Mong-gyu's intensity after watching it because of the name Yoon Dong-ju. The line, "Lee Yeojin, who was completely destroyed," is a unique laughter bomb!
6,It's not an individual in public history. It's a night where you listen to Yoon Dong-joo's personal history
1,When I searched for the fictional keyword of Yoon Dong-ju's biological experiment, there was only one conscientious intellectual writing.Unless we recognize that movies are only movies and will never be history, we have no choice but to create fictional heroes forever.
1,That's disgusting.
6,The sky looks like Yoon Dongjoo.
1,run a beautiful play ridiculous
1,It is a OOO movie that is a waste of 1 point
1,Why did you make it black and white?
6,a national soul burning in anguish with verse and verse
1,It's not fun. Sorry...K
1,an anti-Japanese business
1,Are you grading the choices? It's not fun at all right
1,I don't know if Dongju movie is good, but Kang Ha-neul, the main character of Dongju, was so uncomfortable watching it. The main character and actor realized that miscasting ruined the flow and concentration of the movie. I personally didn't like the main character
3,I can say that the overall look is good, but if you're dealing with a real person like this, I'll admit that you're good at directing, but I can't help but sighing at the thought of the director shouting at the scene without knowing what's important.
1,Make movies that are not past-oriented but future-oriented!
2,I was thinking about watching XION's movie, but I watched it in black and white, but it was so boring I'll give you 2 points because it's touching at the end. I think only those who know how to watch the movie should watch it Overall, it's boring ㅜㅜ Park Yeol was bored too...
1,It's not fun.
1,These days, I saw a movie called "Gukppong" and it's called "Gukppong"
2,A movie that was personally boring. Others, however, could be satisfied enough.
5,It was touching, but it would have been nice if it was made into a documentary
6,I don't think I'm cut out for this kind of movie
1,1234567890 That's really no fun. Why do most Jocensings dwell on the past? DNA is scary.
2,Do I have to make it black and white so that hurts my eyes
1,It is okay to make 300 movies in the movie series, which is a country's greatest movie, depending on the number one movie, and all of the top 300 movies in the rating rankings will come out. That's nice
3,A movie that lists only hard facts made without an emotional understanding of Yoon Dong-ju
5,I was really touched for the 7 minutes of the climax scene in the second half. I cried because of Yoon Dong-ju's quiet words. It doesn't change how boring elementary and mid-term is
1,It's not a bad work, but the rating is too high. Rating adjustment
1,I don't know why I don't know. Coming out in the middle
1,I'm going to adjust the rating for the soup
1,Honestly, it's not fun and people who gave me 10 points before the prosecution really understand when the black and white movie is still watching... It was a waste of money, and even the rating point was operated earlier
1,I'm sure it's a trick, but it's not a nine.
5,I was so bored that I watched it three times. I think the greatness of a great man can be fully felt by his work.  I wonder if the movie needed to be heavy while giving up the popularity of Guji.
6,I want to read Yun Dong Ju's poem.
2,The focus of the story did not produce cinematic fun.The overall arrangement is unfortunate, and there's no chemistry between Kang Haneul and Park Jungmin...Shin Yeon-sik's script also looks normal compared to other movies.
1,I know everything, but what are you saying? You have your own taste and popularity. Do you really need to see 10 million?
1,Xion, break it!
3,Is it that hard to express the anguish of a young poet? There is nothing to say even if the title is Mong-gyu, like the two women who suddenly appear. And why Seoul accent all of a sudden? A respected poet who made it very insincere. What a waste of the title
6,I'm sure it's a calm and good movie. However, I hope that this movie will stop as a movie. There are too many sick people in our country to deify Yoon Dong-ju
5,Bored, unattractive. Monggyu is more attractive than XION... But the last verse narration made me cry... A movie full of regrets... The whole black-and-white video processing is also frustrating. It would have been better if we could describe the facts more fiercely Yoon Dong-ju seems a bit overpackaged...
5,I wasn't very impressed because I was so excited. It would be nice to show it at school for students' education.
6,It's no fun before you put forth patriotism, ethnicity, etc
6,Xion? If it was Monggyu, it would have been 10 points. Was XION's shyness an inferiority complex to Mong-gyu?
1,A movie that I watch while drinking Dongdongju. It's not fun, so I only eat Dongdongju.
1,Personally, I was much impressed by the documentary "Yoon Dong-ju, Immortal Youth," which aired on KBS2. Next, the modern drama "Yoon Dong-ju, Shoot the Moon" posted by the Seoul Arts Troupe. Around the same time, I watched three movies about Yoon Dong-ju, but personally, I don't like the movie the most
1,Honestly, I really didn't like this movie. Of course, I saw it in theaters before, but I didn't know the rating would be this high. Of course, I am grateful for the fact that there was a sacrifice that would not have been a faint memory without the painful history of our country and their noble films, as Badgets said.
5,How many lines do you need to type on the internet? Is that patriotism? A movie should be rated as a movie
1,Let's do it pretty well...
5,More than I thought...
1,I don't really know, Naeyoung
1,A movie that shows the life of poet Yoon Dong-ju very indirectly, honestly, his life is not well understood. Maybe it's because of a lack of background knowledge
1,Lee Junik... You've got to be pretty good
1,The message was good, but it was very boring. Sorry. 1 point T_T
6,It was a black and white movie, so I was annoyed, but it was worth watching
4,Clear we are not good enough for plainness.
5,Was it hard for me to understand North Korean? No matter how much I raise the volume, the lines didn't get delivered well
1,I fell asleep because I was bored while watching it
5,Since I have seen two new Yeon-sik directions, I was able to see the aftermath of director Lee Joon-ik better. It's annoying to make noise with guitar accompaniment whenever I read a long song.
3,It was boring. It felt like only the shortcomings of black and white movies were highlighted
1,I've never seen a movie this boring.
1,I don't understand why a rubbish movie has such a high rating
5,I think it was too loose
1,The movie that made you fall asleep in the theater for the first time, the trash movie, the bubble movie
6,It was so nice Tsuam Visitor
6,the gloomy history of Korea
6,It's a slightly boring movie.
4,D. I confessed after seeing this, but I got rejected. Oh my god
1,Why is this movie rated so high?
3,Although I was disappointed that Dong-ju was in black and white, it was a movie about poet Yoon Dong-ju who was immersed from beginning to end, but I enjoyed watching it because it seemed to capture the misery of that time
1,That's not good. Emotional arm and hoo
1,I'm very bored
6,The sky, the wind, the stars, and the poet Yoon Dongjoo
6,a film that leaves a lingering impression
1,I guess there are no captions? LOL.O
1,The movie is worth 10 points However, the country I live in, South Korea, North Korea, Japan, I will not fight with my life even if the country disappears. This country's government is a bunch of unpatriotic thieves, and I'll give you a point so that you can read it by passing through the meaning of this movie to the current government
1,It was so boring and boring I would have regretted it if I paid money to watch it because I got a free ticket to Olleh TV, but I rather enjoyed the climax of Lee Yuksa short drama that MBC did
6,It was really fun and the best movie for a black and white movie!
6,It's fun. It's kind of sad because it's black and whiteK
1,a black-and-white trash movie with less than a point
1,Honestly, it's not the 5th place.
6,I turned it off because it's not as fun as it is
6,It's just so-so. It's plain
5,The content is good, but I think I'm not that immersed ㅠㅠ Are you with Dongjoo?
6,It was a little too much for a movie.
1,I like them all, but I was upset because of Lee Joon-ik, so I got 1 point.
2,Black and white from start to finish.
3,A movie made without understanding Yoon Dong-ju's poem. His beautiful still cut was a disappointing film that never showed his eyes.
1,I'm sorry, I can't give up the first place in the whole movie with patriotism.
1,It's a good movie, a masterpiece, and it's meaningful, but it doesn't suit the first place, so I'm trying to adjust the rating.
1,It's okay, but isn't it too high?
6,The life of a 'Japanese rule' poet reverently reenacted in odorless color.
5,Personally, is this fun?
1,It's so boring~~   However, the movie that made me think about Monggyu and Moon Ikhwan again...
1,It's a good movie. I'm going to adjust the score
6,A movie that reads a great man's biography
6,There's no breathing in the movie. The scene goes over the test like it goes over the test range.  You don't have to be funny. However, the movie was an art, but I couldn't feel the touch of the director, and I felt like watching a drama with two episodes of KBS.
1,What are you doing? It's a game of great men, so 10 points.
5,It was a good movie to watch with my mom!
1,I was tricked by the rating of "No Fun"... "A waste of money."
5,The movie is quiet. The atmosphere is good and Park Jung-min's acting is good. Personally, I couldn't get into it because I didn't have affection for Dong-ju.
1,It's too high, so I'll let it down.yes
6,a calm movie
1,It wasn't very impressive, and I'm tired of learning and listening to what the Japanese did to us during the colonial period. I don't know which part should be jam. The rating is too high. About 8 points is appropriate.
1,It's a series of boring things
3,It's good that Song Mong-gyu is illuminated, but why would he try to shed light on Song by cutting down Yoon Dong-ju? Yoon Dong-ju was a weak but thick-boned man.When you look at him, he says the sky is embarrassingly blue, but he's the kind of man who tried to light up a lamp and throw out the darkness a little.
1,The story was boring and the acting was not good. I tried to watch it until the end, but I gave up because I couldn't watch it all
1,한 계단 내려가다
1,I couldn't concentrate on the movie and it wasn't fun.I felt like I was given a homecoming buff and I felt like I used the movie material only for the box office. Frankly speaking, I have nothing to say about the movie except that it reminded me of the history of the movie that I would not have seen until the end
1,It's higher than I thought. Hmm
1,The rating is too high... I don't think it's this high
2,It's kind of boring and blandI just woke up
2,It's not like I'm reading a book on the screen.  Zero entertainment...
5,It was boring. I felt stuffy on the black and white screen
5,It is a good movie.It's not my cup of tea, so my score is a little low.
1,The rating is unnecessarily high. Let's lower it
1,It's a good movie, but it was a waste of money when I went to the movie theater
6,I think the background on the black and white screen shows well
1,Van der Va's law. Van der Va's law.
6,It tells a story that everyone knows without newness. a boring old story
1,The rating is too high...
3,The video and aftertaste were good, but Dongju Kerik is weak. a movie that will definitely be divided into likes and dislikes
3,I don't know what other people think, but I...not much
5,The movie was so boring crying
6,I showed you my old parents. They say it's a documentary movie. Is it because your legs hurt because you walked a lot?
1,That's touching. I'll give you 1 point to lower the score. I think a rating of 7 is appropriate
1,Dongju, the guardian of the star balance, was fun ^^
6,It's good funGood night
1,Do I have to do this?
2,pro-Japanese groupA must-have movie in Korea, where the ruling party of the dictator is still dominant. But movies should be like movies. Rather than just reading a book of poetry... Would it be meaningful if the movie was not fun rather than reading the great man's biography? That's too bad.
4,Well, I don't know. It doesn't hit me.
5,A movie where I could feel the power of enlightenment literature and the power of art. But the monotone... It makes me sleepy
1,I feel sleepy as soon as I start
5,I can feel moved.
4,Black and white is good. However, regardless of the content, the movie is boring and not good. It's a shame that I have to make a good movie with a person like Yoon Dong-joo and let them know abroad. a clumsy speech by all the actors  Only poetry reading is fine.
1,I don't think it's the highest score ever.
1,Phew... That's ridiculous. What score?
1,I give you 1 point because it's Kang Haneul. It's just pretending to be nice, but I don't think it's right to be ranked first
1,I was looking forward to it
1,You've been red since the beginning, and Moon Sung-geun is coming out. It's unlucky to see a politician in a movie. Let's distinguish between the anti-Japanese movement and the red movement. The red used the anti-Japanese movement to make it red
5,It was boring, but I enjoyed it
5,It's not bad if you were going to watch a calm movie. It's not very interesting. It doesn't mean that I'm moved. It seems meaningful that I can imagine Yoon Dong-ju, a familiar poet.People are saying that they want to watch a fun movie, but it's nonsense to say that.
5,All the smoke in the river sky is the same You can tell the pain by thinking of Yun Dong-ju
1,There's a stupid movie like this. It's my first time seeing my wife. Are you going to say I'm low-level again? It's very cringe-worthy and sentimental to recite poems from time to time
6,It was boring, but it was okay
4,The rating is too high. It should be appropriate.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun. What a waste of money
4,That's not Yoon Dongjoo
1,It's just an emotional movie.
2,You're so cool about making a commercial movie.
2,Director Lee Joon-ik's work following "The Apostle" It's so obvious that it's boring. I didn't have fun because it went as I expected. I didn't like the apostles because they were sentimental. If you wanted it to be calm and simple.
6,There were many moments when I felt sorry for the actors because their acting was so restrained.I thought it might be the director's intention.
5,I'm bored. HA:NEUL, your acting is good
5,It wasn't bad.  But director Lee Joon-ik's attitude was so good. It's kind of disappointing... It's not funny. I'm going to read what I know.
1,It wasn't fun. It was like a hit movie under Yoon Dong-ju's name.
1,The movie is Dongju, but Monggyu is the main character. I wanted to see Yun Dong Ju.
1,The rating of the audience in the 9-point range is 1 million. It's not funny, it's not touching, it's black and white, so I don't know why it's more boring, it's not focused, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's so high I think it would be better to watch an independent movie or an art movie to watch a movie after seeing only poet Yoon Dong-ju
1,The director is making the movie boring
5,Oh, it's not fun.
2,I didn't see it because I was sleeping. ㅠㅠㅠ
1,What? The director's expression? I couldn't feel it at all. This movie cannot be higher than 8 points. It means, "Let's just review the movie as it is, but don't review the movie as a disgusting emotional man."
5,It was generally good, but the proportion of cousins seems to be greater than that of poet Yoon Dong-ju.
6,There was a landowner in Gando, and he was the son of a landowner
1,Did I have to film it in black and white?
1,I was frustrated the whole time I watched it.
1,It's a movie that has different likes and dislikes. Anyone who likes this kind of movie will be impressed, but the movie itself is boring. I think the current score is too high, so I'll give you 1 point. Personally, I think I'll give you 6 points. Honestly, the boring thing is
5,I think I expected too much. There was nothing more important than I thought. I think Kang Haneul's acting was good.
1,Is it because it's a movie by poet Yoon Dong-ju? It's a waste of money.I almost died of sleepiness in the theater. I wanted to run out, but my score was high, so I was a fool to think that there would be a twist
1,Let's evaluate a movie only as a movie. What kind of mess is this?
5,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'm sad ㅠ
5,It's hard to understand if you just know it as poet Yoon Dongjoo
1,There are a lot of errors in the rating of making movies that are typically sensitive in Korea. Only rate it as a movie. Please
1,Dewar is a million times as fun. This is really no fun
4,A production that showed only the surface meaning of the first pitch through video. "Night of Counting the Stars" where XION shows off his bars and shouts...Yoon Dong-ju is not here, but he just reads a good poem with dim eyes and the river sky
5,The material was good, but... I'm not sure about the content or direction... What's unique is that it's fresh, but it's hard to understand.
6,Dongju is the discovery of Park Jung-min as Song Mong-gyu.
5,I had a little difficulty understanding the content ㅜ I'm sorry
6,It's a masterpiece, but I'm sleepy ㅠㅠ
1,There's no commitment to the movie
1,boring and boring
6,Apart from the material of Yoon Dong-ju's eyes, the production is a bit disappointing
1,Gukppong's rating is awesome
5,It's okay. It's a well-made movie, but the front part was small ㅠㅠ
6,The meaning of making the movie was good, but there is a side that is not enough for many people to see and feel togetherIt's been a while since I had a unique vibe
5,Cold use is good, but it's
5,The subject matter itself is good, but it was a movie that could be made more fun if you decided to.
5,If it was black and white, it would have been nice if it was filmed with a film.  The storytelling is strong, but the Cine Artist is...The TV drama-like screen and scene transitions raised doubts about whether the film should be seen in theaters.
1,You're number one in all movies. Did you get a bowl of gukppong?
5,There are good parts and it's not
1,600 million dollar documentary for elementary school students
1,All the martyrs who campaigned for independence are great people who risked their safety. But I don't like the fact that he's a materialist with such a sloppy history
5,Maybe because I'm ignorant, I didn't feel the same wayIt seems that both Korean and Japanese people have come to hate each other because of their leaders
5,I don't know. Song Monggyu is the main character.
5,It's too central to say it's about Dongju teacher, but it's developed according to the times with other characters
1,From start to finish, black and white video was uncomfortable. The overall lack of fun and emotion. If you like poet Dong-ju, it's worth watching, but I don't recommend it if you're just going to watch it with your lover or friend for fun. This movie makes you do something else in between. Would it be worth watching if you could get into the emotion as much as you can?
4,I tried to open my eyes wide...Sleepy and sleepy...crying
5,It was okay. Black and white movie
1,I wanted something touching. Maybe because it's black and white, I couldn't get into it. If I was sleepy, I couldn't even remember the movie
2,Don't do black and white...And the role of a woman in the face...I'm really bad at acting. ..the way the kindergarten teacher talks..The voice of reading a Korean book... Did you cast the director from afar?
6,I'm sorry this happened in the past But it was so boring.
6,Yoon Dong-ju left a shame, but now it's too much to even keep up with it
1,Kang Haneul... I'm disappointed. 1 point is too bad
1,Black and white is the most unfortunate thing. It's boring... History is important, but...
1,I don't like it. I don't get it
1,Why don't you stop talking about Japan? The opposite of like is not hate, but indifference.Babies...
6,a well-made film There's no drama
6,It's just something to watch...
1,It is boring and boring to the point of wasting money and time when I watch meaningful movies or movies
6,Everything else is perfect and fine, but if you're looking for fun, don't watch it.
1,This kind of sleepy movie is the best
6,It's better than returning home.  It's a waste of money to go homecoming... But it's not my cup of tea
2,It's not my taste, but it's my taste to cook
6,calm records calm lingering feelings
6,A movie that makes me think about the details of human inner life rather than living hard
6,It's hard. The screen is a bit dark, so it's uncomfortable for people with bad eyes
1,The only movie that came out after dozing off while watching. For those who lack sleep, I recommend it
6,It is definitely a good movie, but if you pursue the fun of the movie, you will be disappointed more than expected
5,Unfortunately, it was meaningful
5,Don't show your patriotism in this place and raise your score. Patriotism is not fun in real life, Saeki. Patriotism = movie = Education... In any case, the Korean culture is full of praise for Korean-made educational cartoons and ignore Japanese animations for their entertainment
6,It was a bit boring, but I enjoyed it.
6,I felt the same way as if I had lived in that era.
1,Movies Needed for Good Film Diversity
6,The movie that lingered afterwards
6,It's boring... A movie that the elderly will like to watch
6,Both the actors' acting and screenplay were so good, but the directing was disappointing. It was rather frustrating and boring because the black-and-white production, which had to highlight historicity and lyricism, did not feel like a film, but just turned HD digital into black-and-white.
5,If you mislead the movie by appealing to patriotism, you will eventually eat up your patriotism. The more patriotic a movie appeals to patriotism, the better it should be made...
1,Oh my god!
3,It's kind of hard...ㅜㅜ
3,Based on patriotism marketing, the production of incompetent directors is enough. Look at the production of movies such as Lee Soon-shin and Choi Jong-ki. The director is also a director. If you take out "Jamie" from the movie, the history documentary and the moda are different
1,Even though it's a historical movie, there's nothing interesting about it I had a good night's sleep ^^
6,I want to see a complete and interesting story about countless patriots who were much more noble than Yoon Dong-ju.
5,There's no merit other than that the movie material worth 500 million won is Yoon Dong Ju It's a good material. There is also a regret that the narration of Kang Ha-neul in the movie should be handled with subtitles
6,The actors' acting is good, but they don't have much more power and fun.
1,I watched a boring movie while I was sleeping
2,I went to see the NAVER rating.70% of the fictional movies had expectations that this would be different because it was not fun, not documentary, but black and white, so I slept for over 30 minutes; it was boring because it wasn't fun in black and white, so there was definitely a Naver rating part-time job
2,It's not something to watch in a movie.
1,Think of it as patriotic Clementine. You know what I mean?;; The introduction will start with a nasty long one, and then the struggle with sleepiness will begin
5,PARK JEONG MIN is the best actor
5,It's not a movie to watch to find some fun.I feel the sadness of a young man who had to hide without fulfilling his dream
6,The storyline was a bit lacking, and it's a bummer why the screen was black and white
6,It's a calm but loud movie. It was also impressive that the poet's poems were reinterpreted and recited in every scene
1,I don't know why it's so popular...There are so many Japanese comments.You can just say Japanese conversation in Korean.Moreover, the only thing left after watching the movie was that if I wasn't Japanese, I couldn't publish a book of poetry and poetry could have been for my family.I don't know what to say
6,Japanese colonial era's pain, let's protect ㅠㅠ sovereignty
1,Korean movies are not fun.
6,Both acting and directing are satisfactory
1,Kang Haneul's impact was too big when he was a heist, so he couldn't be immersed as a poet.
6,Yoon Dong-ju and Song Mong-gyu were cool, but the movie was boring.
5,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot... It was kind of boring
3,Well, I gave you 3 points because my boyfriend asked for 3 points
3,I slept well. I slept well
6,Emotional poor don't feel flat touching storyline interesting Yoon Dong-ju's heart for his country is great, beautiful, but he has a duty to be widely known to the world, but movie sleepy is a bit subjective but interesting climax and flat taste?
4,It was interesting to express the contrasting life of Yoon Dong-ju and Song Mong-gyu, but compared to Song Mong-gyu, I felt that Yoon Dong-ju's character was covered too much
6,I want to buy a book of poems I enjoyed it
6,It was nice to look back on history.
6,The miscasting of Yoon Dong-joo and the story development were also disappointing. ㅜㅜ A movie I want to make again.
1,Fooled by ratings. It's not interesting to say that the general audience is impressed. Three times during the show --
4,Mono sound in black and white until the end of the movie...It's so unrealistic and I'm just lost in emotion.  If you think about it like that, wouldn't Titanic be right if it was black and white?I'm looking forward to seeing a well-made Yoon Dong-ju movie.
1,What I learned in Korean class in middle and high school... I don't need to watch it again.
4,I'm sorry. I was sleepy. I slept
6,I liked it because it was a black-and-white movieKang Haneul sang the OST at the end. It was so nice
1,What do you mean, me? Sleep over no fun
1,A typical Korean-style forced emotional man. Black and white is fatal to eyes, so be careful if you use a lot of artificial tears
6,I don't want to be sick, I'm tired, so I don't watch it. I'm coming home from Dongju. Now I'm sick. I've been doing it for a long time
5,A trick that glorifies life in a painful history
6,Judging from the movie, it doesn't seem like a movie with 9 points.If the poet Yoon Dong-ju could only touch me like this, I wouldn't have made it well...I was a little bored.
1,No fun, honest movies are not good. History is important, but fun, touching. It's been an hour since I saw it, but I haven't felt it
6,I'm bored. I'm a little disappointed
5,I wasn't able to concentrate well in the beginning and I think it went all the way to the middle; it's not a fun movie, but I could relate to poet Yoon Dong-ju's life more through this movie
1,I respect poet Yoon Dongjoo and I respect poetry, but when I see a movie, it feels like I'm watching a documentary that's not fun. It's the first time I've ever spent money filming a movie. I wanted to sleep while watching a movie. No fun is not fun
1,Don't be graded. It's the first time in my life--
1,Silent movie. I don't know what to say.I came out in the middle because I was bored.
3,Even if it contains painful history, there are no elements that make me immerse myself in it, and I feel like I'm reading a national history book. I dozed off. It's just a tearful history, so I can't give you a good rating.
6,Remember not to watch movies for fun, black and white from beginning to endA movie to think about a lot
5,It was more disappointing than I thought.
5,I was looking forward to it, but...Why is this fun?I don't even know if you say that. The probability between the characters seems to have been thrown out while trying to connect them, and then throwing them away while trying to express how and why among the six principles, I don't know which part of this movie is a masterpiece
2,There is no movie touch such as story or video, but it is more like a documentary.
6,I was frustrated because the sound recording was not good with the black and white screen, but I learned a littleI thought it was a waste of money and I think the content was very poor
4,Perhaps because of the dialect or the actors' pronunciation, the lines were not delivered properly and it was hard to understand. Black-and-white images, which seem to revive early movies, have increased concentration on poetry recitation, but they also amplify boredom and yawning.  However, it was a movie with good intentions that left a lingering impression.
3,It was like looking at Dongju's unfair chronology I was tired of missing a lot of movie elements to be a movie
3,The East Sea and Baekdusan Mountain dried up
3,If you look at this movie only in its content, it's three points.
5,I think Song Monggyu is the main character. I don't know the whole story. I don't know what you want to talk about through the movie.I was looking forward to it, but it's too bad...
2,Your part-time job is so powerful
1,It's fun. I was touched
1,It's a waste of film that I filmed...
6,Just... Yoon Dong Ju's life story movie
3,A movie that's not funny but touching
2,Is it a lack of literary sensibility? Haha
6,a film fitting for the March 1 Independence Movement Daya bit boring
5,"A movie written easily."
4,I fell asleep while watching it ㅜㅜ Bored
6,We had a time to commemorate Yoon Dong-ju's love for poetry, passion for literature, and his short and sad life due to the evil deeds of Japanese imperialism on the occasion of the March 1st verse.
6,Actually... It must have been boring, but I watched it with patriotism
1,This is never a point.In this movie, 10 points are too short and 11 points are added
6,I was looking forward to it, but I'm not good at it
3,I don't think I described Yoon Dong-ju very well. The beauty of the poem is not well emphasized, nor is the character Yoon Dong-joo distinctive. I don't know how to promote patriotism, but I don't want to appreciate the artistry.
1,I give you 1 point because of Misamo.National Pong Film Patriot Cosplay Film
1,It's not only boring, it's hard to understand.
6,It's a bit disappointing.
6,It's different from the movies that come out these days, but...Some evaporated characters, some familiar scenes...
6,A funny and interesting movie like a prosecutor is my friend and I pay for a movie like Dongju or homecoming.  The movie is boring.  It's hard, too.  But after watching it all, I was so embarrassed.  How ignorant I am.  I'm so embarrassed and sorry
2,Low budget? Good. Black and white?Good. I love this kind of attempt, but is the content about the sky or the wind or stars or poetry?  Still, in this day and age, where the pattern is capitalism, anti-Japanese movies are nothing but thankful
1,NO JAM.,.,,
1,I don't know what you're trying to say.
5,A five-point movie that didn't make use of the subject matter...
1,A typical emotional arm... A silent movie. A lack of historical evidence caught my eyes even though I was dozing off. Yeonhui Specialist, Rikkyo University, and Kyoto University's "Totji" were all the same in reverse letters, and the report written by a university student during the Japanese colonial era was written with "Word," not a typewriter.
1,To be honest, I like movies, so I don't care about genres and look up movies.Is the movie productive when great people come out?Personally, I don't know anything about no fun, no emotion, or the intentions of the work.I came out more than an hour ago
6,It's a good grade. Why is the reservation rate and grades low? I didn't watch it, so 6 stars
1,I'll give you 1 point for the first time in my life. I wanted to feel a tsunami that touched my heart
1,It's not fun. Suddenly, Kang Haneul using Seoul dialect... LOL But after watching this movie, I think I will look for all the poems written by poet Yoon Dongju!
6,I don't know. Was I expecting too much? The poem was so good. Your supporting acting shines more than the main character!
6,Well, I went to watch the movie because the rating of Naver was over 9 at the time of reservation, and I was very disappointed.ㅠㅠ I understand the intention of making the movie, but I didn't feel that it was made well T
1,It was a little difficult to understand and I don't know what kind of movie it is
6,It's better than I expected. Even so, these lives need to be known...
5,Lee Joon-ik's movie has good ideas and ingredients, but the taste is like food that doesn't have much.
1,Because you are not familiar with black and white, you may have a hard time getting immersed in the movie for about 20 minutes. It's also an overly static movie and just a list of boring storytelling. Mong-gyu plays a bigger role in leading the movie than Dong-ju, and the title is better.
1,I really didn't know what I saw after I saw it because of the honest review, I was fooled by the calm
5,It's not as good as I thought
5,The background of the times is sad, but the movie is calm.It will definitely help with Korean history when memorizing middle and high school students.
1,I thought you had a high rating and you told me about the times.^^ I don't even remember what I saw today. I'm just focused for the last five minutes. It's just... It's...
1,Don't look at the school food bugs I don't understand
1,Moon Ik-hwan is going to give him 1 point Moon Ik-hwan. I almost threw popcorn
6,The actors are good at acting and the story is good, but it was so boring as a movieHonestly, I think I yawned 10 times
1,It's like a no-fun movie is overrated. I saw it because of patriotism.
1,I hate Gukppong movies. I liked director Lee Junik, but I'm disappointed
1,No Jam No Fun No Fun No Fun No Fun No Fun Jaeng Shazer Large ᄀㄴㄴㄴ
6,It was so boring!  A Japanese woman helps and a Japanese professor helps!  And he died in prison without knowing what he was born in  Does this make sense?  Only yawning comes out!  It's a poor work!  It's a fail to directions are wrong!  What is this? Don't look! What a waste of money!
4,There aren't many theaters, so I went there on purpose...It was a little boring to appeal with patriotism.It was worth watching because of Song Mong-gyu...I think it'd be better to change the title to Mong-gyu.
1,It's a good movie, but it's not a 9.5 movie
1,To be honest, it's not in the 9 points You're so mean. Are you sure you're going to get stars again?
1,I didn't watch the movie, but I give 1 point to the best rating. If there's no country, there's no movie? What kind of fascism?If you're in the movie rating section, don't eat the soup and evaluate the movie
1,That's too much. Get off.
1,It's the worst movie I've seen in theaters in five years. I made Yoon Dong-ju's life story more boring than the textbook. I can't feel anything but boredom. There's no story at all, so I don't remember anything even though I watched itPlease watch another movie What a waste of time movie
1,The director looks like a gay guy
5,I know Dongjoo, but I didn't know him well.It was a time when I found out.It's a pity that the laughter code and climax were not as strong as the regular movie
1,There are so many oldies.If it's not fun, they don't watch it. They say it's all about watching movies, but they don't want to watch it. Let's just say it's 1 point
1,Why is the screen so tacky? It's really hateful.
6,It was a pity that there were more and longer scenes in conflict with the Japanese martyrs than necessary.  Personally, I think it would've been better if I expressed Yoon Dong Joo in a prettier way.
1,Why does XION keep thinking about pajeon in Dongdongju?
5,It's touching, but there are parts that I don't understand well. A movie that's hard to watch as a teenager...And the downside is that I don't know day and night because it's black and white.
1,Seriously, I've never felt so sleepy in my life.
6,It's good in terms of work, but it'
5,It's a movie that's hard to watch because it's a real person and historical story
5,It's a movie that's hard to watch because it's a real person and historical story
3,I don't want people to feel patriotic, saying, "It's a must-see movie for the Korean people!" Black and white are stuffy and dialects are hard to hear The final death of Yun Dong-ju and Seosi will make you cry, but the fact that the movie is boring and boring cannot be changed If you say it's not fun, you're dismissing it as ignorant and unpatriotic.
4,I don't know if it's about poet Yoon Dongjoo or Song Monggyu...Anyway, it was very boring
2,Was I the only one who didn't have fun? Am I the only one who didn't cry? If you don't give me 10 points, I'm afraid I'll become a traitor. It's a movie about Yoon Dong Ju's life. There's nothing special about it
5,I thought that we could have fun watching it since it's us. Unlike when there was a person named Monggyu and Dongju was in the shade, the reason why Dongju was loved for so long was because of relics. Because I remember... I think it was good. Otherwise, it would have been a frustrating movie.
1,Thank you so much for making me decide not to watch Korean movies again.
2,Instead of making Yoon Dongjoo, make Obama
1,It's a movie that's a waste of even one point.The Protestant kids work part-time Don't ever be fooled.I'm a movie buff, and I won't watch this for free!Dajadra. The movie that made me want to come out 20 minutes after the movie started is the first movie.
2,Of course, it's great in terms of content, but it was very boring for me as I like genres such as stimulating and action comedy. my thoughts to the most of the time For people like me, please refer to it
3,His acting is good and the content is good, but if you watch it without patriotism, I wonder if it is a movie that deserves this much favorable reviews It's like a movie of Myeongnyang It can be boring
1,Xion, sleep well. I paid 10,000 won for the 110-minute sleeping room and used it well~~
5,The story is good, but it's kind of boring
5,I saw it at the premiere, but I don't know the intention of making the movieThe theme and casting skills are very good, too.The director's intention and the movie were completely different.You made Yoon Dong-ju a loser and the title is Dong-ju. If you don't know this poet or poet Yoon Dong-ju... It's very...
1,Are all the people who watched this movie part-time?Or are they all poets and writers?I don't know if it's because I'm ignorant or not, but I don't understand it because I'm using North Korean words, and I'm so sleepy, bored, and blind to just reciting the narration in black and white videos--worst movie. Just a documentary
2,The material was good and the promotional interview was good, so I looked forward to it.But I think he had high expectations.
6,The overlapping part of the poem and the content was interesting, but it was a pity that the production was completely contained. It's worth seeing
2,Let's not forget history. Movie ratings are fraud. Boring
1,Don't forget history, movies are terribly boring
6,The confrontation between Dong-ju and Mong-gyu and the dark life of colonial writers in the movie
5,Different choices of literature young men of the same age in the dark ages.Yoon Dong-ju's confession of conscience and Song Mong-gyu's acting intellectual re-examination
6,No matter how good a movie is, it's hard to be bored.
6,I don't think sleeping pills are wrong.I'm sure you'll go crazy watching this again.I'm afraid to give a subjective rating
1,No fun, no fun, no sleep movies
5,The material is good, but the production is very boring and touching. It's just Yoon Dong-ju's death that makes him feel touched, but without the poem and music, he wouldn't have been there
5,I saw it with expectations because of its good composure, but as soon as actor Yoon Dong-joo came out from the beginning, his immersion level dropped sharply, which was not suitable at all. A handsome face, big size, a good voice that could come out in a car cf narration, but it doesn't match the background of the times and Yoon Dong-ju's emotions at all
1,The movie is black and white, so it's pretty
6,I fell asleep because the poem was so sweet
1,A movie that makes director Lee Joon-ik hate as a person who loves poet Yoon Dong-ju. A strange movie where Mong-gyu stands out more than Dong-ju.
1,I didn't know that my character Yoon Dongjoo would be this much touched.I feel like I'm lacking a lot. I feel like I haven't edited it yet
2,Honestly, the fun...
1,I'm bored. I thought I was going to die of sleep
5,I guess my expectations were too high. Before watching the movie, I watched Yoon Dong Ju Pyungjeon. The excessive explanation was read as propaganda. The black and white screen was good, but I hope you avoid directing like TV dramas. The actors' performance was good.
1,It's a biopic, but it's so boring that it ends with a forced stimulation
5,To be honest, historical movies are not interesting and if you want simple fun, it will be loose and not fun, but it will ring my heart.  Only those who get it right should watch it
1,The role of Dongju, the main character of the movie, is so wrongThe acting is so awkward and the feeling of watching it hinders the emotiona boring time
1,Korea, forever.
1,It's not interesting. Should I watch it?
1,A beautiful but boring movie...It's not a movie, it's a video of a book of poetry.I'm a patriot, I'm emotional, I'm intelligent."For these people, it's a great social networking service. From a money-making perspective, I want business students to see this movie as a must."
1,It's a movie with a lot of rating bubbles by my standards. I was looking forward to it because it was black and white, but the friend next to me fell asleep.I'm not a critic, and I'm just an audience member. If you've seen all the other movies, I won't stop you
6,I saw it with great expectations, but I don't know the intention of the director who shot it in Other melodies that do not come with analog emotions and are occasionally laid down harm the immersion of emotions. The good material and acting ruined the production. I thought it would reach 10 million just by looking at the material. I thought you were watching a documentary.
1,To adjust the rating. I was looking forward to this drama after Danny Shue Girl. No wonder it's a bit distracted. I couldn't concentrate well. I hope that poetry plays separately and shows the flow well so that the audience can follow, whether it is literature or resistance movement. What would it have been like if it was a reading video book?
1,the ultimate boredom of black-and-white films
3,The director's directing skills are still insufficient to capture the life story of a character. It's 3 stars, but it's overrated. 3 points
1,I fell asleep while watching it.
6,The movie itself is good. It is boring because there is no interesting content, but it was a good challenge
4,I like Yoon Dong-ju, a poet, but this movie was really boring I think it's too overrated. The subject itself was great, but the movie itself was no fun
6,They must have let them see their children at a young age.I couldn't concentrate on the questions in the movie.It was hard. The story was boring
6,It's just... Calm...
1,Look at the rating manipulation. Why are you so charismatic?
1,If you really want to sleep deeply, watch it
1,Black and white...I don't really like directing either.
5,I'm a normal person and I have a few books of marriage at home. Ten minutes before the end of the movie, I left my seat
5,A meaningful movie. A boring movie.
1,Oh, it's not fun. You can't make emotional movies. Who watches movies like this? It's a waste of money. No fun. I'm bored. I slept for an hour and a half. I think it's better to watch Deadpool Zootopia
6,His life may have seemed boring to some, but to him poetry may have been the driving force behind his life in difficult times.I express my condolences to the activist poet who put down his dream city for the country.I felt lonely because I could feel the feeling of Yoon Dong-ju in the book called Song Mong-pyo
1,He believed in Yoon Dong-ju and Lee Joon-ik, but he is disappointed. I can't believe that I can only make movies like this. But it's a movie... Third rate low budget independent film standards.  I've seen dozens of movies about real people, but they're overwhelmingly the worst.
1,I think it's overrated
1,Dong-ju would be an excellent choice if you want to experience the no fun and nuclear no fun for 10,000 won.
1,I know this kind of movie isn't for fun But it was so boring and I watched it with my mom. She kept sleeping and I wanted to go out in the middle But I held it in and watched it until the end, and I cried at the part where the history came out Movies are boring and waste of money and time
6,It's just that I don't have any lingering feelings. I'm watching with my grandmother, but she's nodding, and the grandmother in front of me is so boring, etc.There seemed to be a lot of people who were disappointed.저I dozed off, too
5,As expected, Lee Joon-ik is shallow. I can't believe it's such a flat production. It's nothing but a music video that uses poetry as a song. I don't recommend it
5,Gukppong will be out of 10, but if you skip Gukppong, it is boring.
1,The poem was really good. I wasn't very impressed.Most of the moviegoers I've seen are either sleeping or sleepy
2,Hehe? Hehe?
1,The greatest bubble of all time, the Analects of Confucius Mencius
1,Wow, personally, it was so bad. I think I used black and white to make it work, but I personally think it's ruined The introduction to the conclusion is too long In conclusion, there's nothing much. I think it was the worst of the worst when I watched the movie, not because I didn't like Yoon Dong-ju.
6,I went to the premiere. But it wasn't to the point of rave reviews. As a fan of poet Yoon Dong-joo, the quality of his work is disappointing. It was boring
5,To be honest, I trusted my first rating when I fell asleep while watching a movie after Yonggari.
6,Um, I don't remember because I'm sleepy
6,It's not that fun. If there's nothing to watch, watch it
1,It's my first time to leave a message.It's not fun because it's not fun.The movie is shown in black and white.The background of the movie is Japanese colonial era, but the actors have two-block hairI was tricked by my part-time job
5,Dizzy because it's black and white ㅜㅜ
1,I know it is a patriotic material, but I saw a miracle that Yun Dong-ju's poems and movies converge by 0%...
1,No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
1,A good work, but a very overrated rating.
1,Rather make a movie of extermination, Ahn Cheol Soo will play the role of exterminator
1,It's so much fun.I don't know if it's because I'm a teenager with a reservation rate of only 3%. The movie is really this and that. I recommend you not to watch this movie if you are not into the work of Yoon Dong-ju. It's the worst movie of my life
5,I think it is just a movie that sold the name Yoon Dongju.The story is not centered either. It's just a movie that reads Yoon Dong Ju's poem?It was like a documentary film about Yoon Dong-ju's story.
1,Don't be fooled by your part-time jobIf you were sleeping, your acting skills would be sloppy
1,So many part-timers. So boringQ is
6,It's our history that's really.
6,Personally, it felt like I was watching an enlightenment movie Especially when Yoon Dong-ju's last history passes by, I wonder if it's really an educational material...;; Xion's scream didn't touch my heart.
