인생은 아름다워
6,Don't you see why it's a life movie? It's nothing more than a slightly funny and sad movie
5,I wanted to die at the end
1,There's no reality. In that situation, he talks in such a loud voice, but no one gets angry or finds soldiers. I'm touched. Even the main character is stupid
4,A movie that buries father's fraud, damage, injury, and theft in the name of love
1,
1,? I can't understand
4,Bored in the beginning
1,What kind of life is beautiful?
1,Worst movie ever... Even though it's a comedy, it doesn't have the basic reality of the movie. a series of forced scenes from beginning to end
4,The Holocaust movie is depressing and I can't watch it. Honestly, it's not very touching. The obvious ending and the responsibility of the story father are great
1,Honestly, it's not fun at all, but I don't know why you're so into it
1,It's not a solo one-man show. I watched it fast, but it's boring.  European movies, especially in the West, are fast-talking, but I am very impressed.   NAVER makes it mandatory to listen to the music.  The level of doubt is who made it like this. No points to focus on
6,It's not a masterpiece
6,Everything one desires will come true.
1,Peasants, herdsmen, men and women, farmers in their prime of life.
6,I'm not really looking forward to it
5,It's about the love between the main character Prince Gwidu and Princess Dora, but like her name, she's taken out another woman. The woman married to that hyperactive man is weird. Is it because the girl is old? You're going to pick a younger guy? Looking at her face, she looks 10 years older than a man. A movie with a child is not good.
1,Namjoo's Italian is too loud. It hurts my ears and the content is too obvious. I like World War I and World War II background movies, but they were just loud to me. Italian is not this talkative.
1,It's similar to Shim Hyung-rae's movie.
1,Honestly, it's not fun at all, but I don't know why you're so into it
6,The story of a turbulent man who tried so hard to get a woman and wanted to show only good things to his son.
4,I don't know~ Guido is 10 points for paternal love based on the standard these days, but when I look at the rest of his humanity, he's uncomfortable because he's a nuisance. It's just a movie. It's a movie without lessons except for paternal love wrapped in lies. Those who watched will know
6,A story about the love of a child of a foul-mouthed swindler. If your behavior reveals a woman, you can suck her thighs and steal other people's hats. A guy who's not even capable of seducing a girl pretends to be a superintendent and obstructs public affairs. You can't drive, you can ruin your friend's car, you can't hurt his silk
1,It was so funny that the brutality of the Holocaust didn't touch my skin and I lost my immersion. The storyline in the middle is kind of sloppy, too. After running out, I went into the flowerbed of Gwido's warehouse, and suddenly my family; I think it's too much foam, so I gave it 1 point to control it
2,It's a movie that lies even when you breathe
1,The main character's personality is extremely positive...So it looks so contrived and rather unrealistic that it is not fun.
6,the climax of a new Hollywood school
5,It's kind of boring in the beginning, and you need to go through the middle to
1,It's a very loud cartoon
1,Childish and unnatural, but high-quality intentions
5,Just get married with someone in power - Dora
1,It's just a bubble
1,I heard it was a sad movie, so I watched it, but I couldn't cry. It's touching
5,A story about a foul-mouthed swindler with a quid pro quo at the end.
1,It's a waste of stars.
4,The scene of interpreting the German soldier's words was the funniest.
3,Sleep while watching. The main character talks a lot. The scenario was good. But I get stressed throughout the movie. I wish I'd shut the main character's mouth.
1,The main character is really loud. You keep spewing random and boring lines. I don't know what's going on. It's a very distracting and childish movie. I turned it off because I couldn't watch it
1,The exaggerated acting of the actor rather reduces the sense of immersion. I think it's an overrated movie.
1,It's a masterpiece, but it's overrated
1,The story is good, but I can't concentrate because of the main character
6,It's not boring, but boring.  It depends on the person, but it'It's kind of sloppy to say it's touching.When my son was hiding in a cage, the dog recognized and screamed, and the soldier didn't think it was weird or even tried to open the door!Life in the camp is too playful, so it's a little lighter than being immersed.Anyway, the Shawshank escape is much lower than this!
2,There is no moving point in the matter. The ending is nothing more than a joke and nothing less, but it's like wrapping it up as beautiful.
3,I was touched when I was young, but now I see a lot of situations overlapping
1,To be honest, it was overrated. It's kind of a childish movie
1,I guess my expectation was too high because there are many people who say it's life movie. If it was this kind of movie, Finding Happiness was a better movie for me. I'm going to adjust the rating
1,I remember it wasn't my cup of tea.
1,You need to lower the rating If the group that likes this movie is a teenage man, you have to wonder if the movie is really funny
1,I was looking forward to seeing the trailer. The main character's over-reacting and his son's acting. "Sammai
1,No, I don't like the over-reacting of the main character
1,It's a movie that doesn't deserve a single rating.
1,I don't like Jewish praise movies.
6,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
4,I just can't understand the high rating
5,Before that, I visited the movie theater with a good feeling when I watched it roughly on TV, but I fell asleep. It's never a comedy genre, but why did the movie come to me like my least favorite comedy genre?
1,It's a masterpiece, so I watched it in the theater. The main character is so talkative that it's distracting, childish, and forced. Don't be fooled by the ratings
1,I thought 7 points would be appropriate, so I registered 1 point for adjustment I think the development that the main character leads is exaggerated and distracted, so I'm losing the flow of the play Comedy and drama seem to be separated like oil and water, and the camps are unrealistic, so I'm less immersed
1,In fact, some of the Jews who were waiting for death were desperate, and some of them were positive about death. It seems fake, but there are people who enjoy life like that magically, as if it were a very realistic movieDistrict
1,I'm disappointed with the story development. I was told to watch it before I die, but I was fooled.
1,A textbook movie of the Holocaust. I literally felt like I was reading a textbook. It must be a good movie, but the rating needs to be adjusted
1,I was looking forward to it. Honestly, I didn't want to see the male lead bragging, so I just watched it roughly to see the ending. The heroine who married such a man is amazing
1,The minority opinion should not be ignored because most rated it so. Wow. That's a bad movie; the main character was executed well. I didn't want to see you talking about the score., The title is Life is beautiful and cool but can't keep up with the content; 7 points is appropriate.
1,Are they all part-timers?It's a waste of time.
1,The rating is too high.
1,It must be a touching movie.
1,I can't believe that an exaggerated and awkward comedy is glorified just by being a wounded child.
1,It's not a crime not to watch a lot of movies or to be young. However, the foolish horoscope is the opposite. a bubble-free horoscope
1,OO no fun ᆷ 그냥 Just go to sleep when you watch this
1,It was like a forced touching story
1,He speaks a foreign language without easy Korean
1,Italian movies are different
6,6.9 (10 character limit)
1,It's not fun... Sometimes
1,It's a movie that's not fun but touching.
1,Personally, I don't know why this movie is ranked 5th out of all movies, but I wasn't as impressed as I thought, and I watched a lot of Jewish movies, but I think it's far below Schindlerist or pianist, so I think it's 5 to 6 points, but 1 point for balance
5,Honestly, I don't understand the high rating. What kind of father wouldn't do that?I think the movie is not enough to give 10 points just because of my father's love
6,I don't know if it's a masterpiece.It doesn't touch.
5,The love of a father who shows a ridiculous step for his son until his last death, beyond the fear of death, but even with that history, Jews are now...
1,I saw it a few months ago. It's about a Jewish massacre
5,It's touching, but the development is so boring
1,A must-see movie before you die
4,The paternal love to save his son was touching but not funny
1,Too bad the Jews aren't extinct
4,The main character's over-reaction was so annoying And even if it's a movie, it's very romantic. In a word, I think it's all very childish movie
1,It's not a bad movie, but I don't think the movie's ranking and rating have risen this much. And why are the Italians sneaking in on Nazi Germany?
1,I like war movies, but honestly, I can't relate to them, so it's a little boring.
1,Is life a joke?What about a son's life after death?I was so tired of the emotionless, forced story
1,I'll give you half the rating as much as much as I can. I feel the same way as other critics. It's a story where the main character is very over the top, and he's almost touched by Nazism... It is also questionable why the main character tries to escape at the end.
1,I don't like the over-reacting of the main character in my 20s. No matter how touching and instructive, the movie was not fun in the first place. I want to give you 5 or 6 points, but I think I was tricked because I watched the NAVER movie. 1 point dream!
1,Jewish damage promotion film typical of forced emotion
6,Will a father who stands in a place of death even lying to his son feel good?
1,In real life, I don't like people who are not talented but exaggerated and talkative, but the main character is just like that concept.I held it in until the end, but I couldn't overcome the negative feelings about the main character's style.
6,I'm sad because I can't relate
1,I'm so disappointed. The main character is too loud
6,Sadness by the background of the times. Well... Well...It's just a masterpiece that such experts highly praised. In the modern era, it's hard to form an empty platform.lol
6,A movie that would have been impressive if you watched it as a child! The story is full of holes! It's a movie about a father who loves and protects his children!
1,The flatness is too much than the movie.
1,I haven't seen this movie, but I give one star because life is not beautiful
1,a bubble film
5,All I could think of was "Baby Dinosaur Dooly"...
6,I understand my father's feelings, but I wasn't very impressed. First of all, Italian was so long that I felt like I was going to lose my breath and it was noisy. I know how he feels, but it's just...
1,I also watch various kinds of movies.It doesn't seem like a movie with a rating of 9 or higher.It's kind of boring and fun... 7 points is just right.
1,K
6,Everyone gave good reviews, but the exaggerated acting and unrealistic storytelling didn't touch my heart The storyline was slow and there wasn't much fun while watching the movie
5,Well, I heard it was a masterpiece, so I saw it, but I was disappointed as much as I expected. Honestly, I think I would have been disappointed even if I didn't expect it. The acting is exaggerated, the story is poor...I don't think the arrangement went well either.If you look at all the other compliments...Am I too cold-blooded?
1,I've been looking forward to it, but it's childish. I don't blame the Nazis for their misdeeds. That's childish!
1,She's so beautiful
1,My dad died
1,This movie is ridiculous
1,Loyalty
1,Life is
1,Life without grandeur is not beautiful
1,Hello, I'm from today's humor
1,Don't be so grand!
1,Life is
1,Come on!
1,Am I weird?Why is the rating so high?I've been through it, but...I know how the father feels about his son, but...Omniscient... It seems to have a high rating, so I'm sorry!
1,A loyal movie!
1,Loyalty. Loyalty
1,It's a ridiculous movie
1,Life shines more when you are loyal than when you are beautiful.
1,Give the dog a life of no loyalty!He's loyal!
1,Life is not beautiful, but life is young
1,Eternal loyalty is more beautiful than a dying life.
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,NAVER rating fabrication -- It's a masterpiece
1,have no loyalty
1,1 point because you tend to beautify the frontal gyrus in areas you like. Ahem, ahem.
1,How dare you?
1,You should've named it "Bottle Flavor" and "Beautiful"
1,It's unrealistic and terrible.It's the same as the present in room seven. The German mother never thought of a child born just because of love. She told me to let go of the Jewish bud at the time of marriage, but the pianist is touching, but this sucks^^
6,Satire and humor are excellent, but reckless optimism is not so much
1,Everyone got 10 points
5,It's really boring. Of course, there are some touching parts, but even though I don't know the latter part, I just yawned until the beginning and the middle of the year
1,The trash movie is so boring
6,I feel like I'm forcing you to think that life is beautiful
5,I know what you're trying to convey, but...Honestly, from a realistic point of view... It feels a bit salty.(Guido hiding his child in a farm truck, going into the broadcasting room, etc.) It seems unlikely.Exactly 5 points!
3,I don't think it's related to the title (just my opinion) but the kid was cute!!!!
1,공허한 결말...
1,a ridiculous reality-based film
1,Is this such a laudable masterpiece? A movie that didn't make any sense.
1,Touching and fun are below average. a movie with a maximum score of five
2,--; What the hell is this...Personally, I don't know why it's 9 points. I can't give you more than 5 points
6, well
6,So-so.
5,The frustrating main character... I didn't realize the gravity of the situation.
5,It's definitely a masterpiece, but...
5,What's the point of having a fiance?If it wasn't for that, it'd be great
1,It's not enough to give you a big lesson. The score is too high
3,It's somewhat pretentious when you take off the shell.
1,I know the theme of this movie, but I can't relate to it
1,Sad
2,the arrogant condescension of the Jews
1,It's not a comedy, it's not a drama. What the hell is this?
1,That's not good...
6,Six points
1,Half of it is a waste
6,It was clearly a well-made movie, but it was hard to feel fun and moved because I couldn't relate to it.
1,Honestly, it's about 3 and a half stars, but it's too much, so I'll give you the lowest score. It's an honest personal opinion.
1,Honestly, it's too much to say that it's a masterpiece, so I give it half a star and a half.
6,It would have been okay if we saw each other a little earlier
6,The rating was too high, so I looked at it just in case...
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,To be honest, I watched it because I heard it was fun, but it was boring.
1,Tired of Jewish Damage Advertising
6,I don't think it's 10 points...
6,I know the intention, but I was not impressed because I only ate artificial touching movies.
1,Below expectations, Schindler's list is far better
1,a substandard film an impressionless film with cringe-worthy humor It's a waste of 0 points.
6,Is this such a moving and interesting movie? Why didn't I like it?
1,Why would you go out there and die?
1,I just fell asleep after watching the beginning.- It's going by so fast that it's not that good
1,I really like watching movies, but people who don't like musicals have 0 points
5,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Stop it. It's so boring. It's so empty
4,It's kind of empty.
1,Jewish people Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,If the crackdown on Jews and Germany comes out, they'll cry and be number one. The 평 평 rating is too high.
1,How can an Italian movie win first place? That's a bad level.
1,Not as good as Shutter Island, not as good as flesh and blood
1,It's not as good as Avatar or Titan
1,a typical farce
1,Come down
1,Stop being number one. If you've done it for a long time, you have to come down
1,We got first place for a long time -_-
1,Praise be, but I don't understand that this movie is number one. To lower the rating
2,A cliché...an obvious conclusion
6,I saw it because it was a masterpiece, but it's not as good as I thought. I don't know why the rating is so high...
1,I'm just bored, so I'm gonna cut the score
1,A touching movie, but it's a little too much to be number one
3,The brothers are more fun
5,rumination
6,I'm afraid I'm not
1,It's boring and annoying. You punk! The best national team!
6,Benigni's work doesn't seem to suit me, and I can't help but wonder if he's been playing around all this time
1,Touching.
1,It's the best.
1,It's a good movie. 9 points is good
1,What a waste of money
2,좋아요.
1,It's the best.
1,It's touching, but the score is a bit high
1,Why are the ratings of other movies so low?K
1,Is this movie that interesting? Adjust the score for the national team.lol
1,The movie that I watched with laughter and tears, the best movie that I can't forget
1,It looks like a movie. I give you 1 point to adjust the height There's no final twist.
4,Why are you still talking about the national team? I've seen it because it's such a masterpiece, but it'Why didn't I cry when I had a lot of tears?
1,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
1,10 points
1,All the best
1,He's not as impressed as the national team
5,I watched the movie after the evaluation.  I'm not that
1,There's something else to be beautiful about
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's not good. The title is good
6,It's so old that I can't get into it
1,막연하고 유치한 나의 소중한 시간...
6,I don't like it.
1,so, that
2,This main character's personality is so frustrating -_- It's not fun compared to his fame
4,It's not as good as I thought.
1,I think I'll know the truth only when I have some time to spare
4,Even if Story plays separately, it's the best if you take out tears?
1,I have to go to the bathroom.
1,I've seen some of the top rankings, but I can't get into it, so I'm distracted from the lines.
1,You can feel how great the power of Jewish capital is.rubbish
1,A movie that was disconcerting;; not very touching.;
6,I guess I'm old to see the world beautifully ㅜㅜ I was just like that
1,I saw a pianist, and if it wasn't a kid, it was just a third-rate comedy.I'm so touched
1,I'm not that sad
1,I don't like it
1,It’s too difficult.
1,Look what you're doing to Palestine, reminding yourself of the wounds of your past, disgusting people
1,a pretentious Italian joke a sense of alienation from unrealistic settings 1 point for filtering
6,The title is a bit scary.
6,The movie that ruined the prison camp
1,He's flirting around the concentration camp. // It's unrealistic
6,Well, the rating is kind of awkward. I enjoyed watching the pianist, but this is Young I don't want to see it twice.
1,Let's go down
1,Let's go down
3,It's childish. It's not that touching either... I was looking forward to being a pianist. Why are you so annoyed?
1,The rating is too high.
1,Wow... It's a disease-tasting movie. How can this be 2nd place? I can't look at the settings because they're so sloppy.
1,I don't think so Yes, yes
6,It's touching, but it doesn't leave much of a lingering impression than other movies.
1,I don't want to see the main character flirting
6,It didn't hit me very hard for my reputation.
1,Oh, my God
1,What's so funny? Don't watch it There was no seriousness in the movie and I was tricked the real thing
4,I was looking forward to it, and it was a huge disappointment... What is this?
1,JAEMDA WOW, give me five
5,In the beginning, it's childish, the father and son are not separated from the camp, and the last tank is also contrived
1,This kind of crap movie needs to be gone
1,Trash movie... I don't know the reason for the rating
1,For a Jew, you've been too silly.And yes, I don't feel sad or funny
1,I don't know if it's because I'm trying to the side... If you fall asleep while watching it, you need to watch it again
1,I trusted NAVER's rating and it wasn't good for me
6,It was lighter than I thought
6,Why am I so emotionally dry? It's sad
1,It's not my style... It's not in the top 10... Out of the top 50... Go!
1,Movie or anything, thinking of the Jews makes me feel like I'
5,Hiding the truth for your son?
1,My emotions may not be good, but they're not very touching and funny
5,A strange movie that blends a person who is unable to communicate normally with the extremely realistic surroundings
1,I'm not lying, but the worst movie I can count! The worst movie since the Japanese movie Unagi!
2,It's not fun. It wasn't even very moving.
1,be boring and boring
3,The movie was good, but... The main character is so loud that I'm annoyed. My ears are still humming
1,9.22 GPA. That's ridiculous.
1,I'm so impressed -- it's not funny
1,To promote Jews
5,It was good to save the Italian Schindlerist son, but it was also forced.
1,World War II is the history of winners. The Nazi slaughter of Jews was exaggerated.
6,I think it's because talking throughout the movie is too loud and bothersome, so I feel humor and touching
6,It was a little boring.
6,It might be touching, but it's not well-made
1,My father dies so absurdly -- and that old-fashioned joke doesn't work for modern people
1,The rating is ridiculous
1,Life is beautiful. The score is cold
5,It's kind of fun, but it's not...
3,I feel like I'm trying to bring tears to my eyes
1,Rubbish movie showing what a dirty life is
1,The story doesn't make sense
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
2,It's not that funny
1,a waste of time
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's not as interesting as all the bosses. All the top three trashy movies
1,I don't know which scene it's touching.To be honest, the movie that doesn't make sense. "Awesome!"
1,It's not a beautiful movie
1,Life is tough.~ This movie is hard, too
1,Not my cup of tea
5,It's a ridiculous story.LOL
1,Stop watching because it's not as fun as 20 minutes
1,A movie that didn't suit me
1,My life is more beautiful
1,I don't like it
1,It's not funny
1,There's a reason for 1 point
1,Let's not watch solo artists!
1,Pass.
1,This is really not it.
1,Comedy+drama "Anseup"...
1,I don't cry much.I heard it was a comedy movie.
1,That's awesome... ㅠㅠ
1,It was boring... It was boring
1,I was bored personally (Personally.;;
1, a horst.
1,overpackaging
1,It's very boring
1,Well, I'm a little bored. Oh my god
1,It wasn't fun
1,What do you mean, the best...
1,It's not that...
1,Not really;
1,..it's not funny compared to the grade
1,...is not very good for me
1,It's not good
1,a good movie
1,I can't forget the overall boredom
1,Wow, 4th place?
1,It was really boring and boring.It's not fun at all.The worst!
1,It wasn't enough to feel touched
1,Looking at this, I can see why the secret that I can't tell is number one
1,It was so boring
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,...is it because of the high expectations?
1,A movie that doesn't go well with comedy
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I don't like this kind of course
1,Good
1,Life is beautiful, so 1 point
1,,,? It may be great for people who like this kind of movie, but I don't like this kind of thing Hah!
1,I don't like comedy genre
1,It didn't hit me.ID 1004, is your name Kim Kyungjoon?
1,It doesn't suit me.ㅠ.ㅠ
1,It doesn't suit me. That's all.
1,It wasn't good...
4,A decent movie, that's all. It's not boring, but it's kind of blurry.
1,It's boring
6,I cried at the end. Looking at everything again... Well...
1,Oh, are my emotions dry?
1,so, that
1,It's not this kind of money
1,A movie that doesn't touch me
1,It's boring.
5,Benigny Knees Under the Feet of the Stars and Stripes
1,It's so much fun
1,I slept well. I'm so sleepy
1,I didn't feel as much fun and emotion as I expected
1,I was looking forward to it, but I'm disappointed
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,a bitter film
3,It's not my cup of tea
1,Giroud
3,A movie that is too scarce for its reputation. It's all unnatural to try to make eye drops.
4,I don't know if the content is good, but it's too boring
3,The sense of boredom
5,Bored throughout the show.I don't think it'll be fun for those who like action thriller movies
1,Wow, this is fifth place? I played around doing something else that I showed you in class
3,Is life beautiful? If you're going to be this beautiful, let's not do it.
1,I'm not wearing this movie
1,It's beautiful, but...be short of
1,..Honestly, I don't like it
1,For some reason... It was fun.
5,Boredom
1,I watched it because I wanted to cry, but it wasn't that...
1,European movies are not fun. What kind of movie do you think is touching that falls short of expectations?
5,It's a bit overrated
3,I'm sorry about the score I gave you.I'm not touched.
4,I think this is appropriate
3,I watched it because the rumors were good, but I don't know what's so great about this movie.
1,I was looking forward to it because it would be a masterpiece before watching it.
2,The quality of the work is quite high, but the more you look at it, the more you look at it, the more the traces of it are.
1,Honestly, I'm not in second place
1,You made a good movie
2,A Jewish story like green tea brewed dozens of times, only the first movie I saw is eye-catching
1,It's not a grade like this.
1,It's kind of boring...
1,It's not first place.
1,This is a little...
1,It's boring and the main character. If it's Jewish, it's definitely an academy
1,This isn't it
6,It's a family thing, but it's not very emotional.
5,It was boring... Your rating is high. The last part was a bit emotional, but the first part wasn't that funny
5,It breaks my heart.The score cycle is...
6,have no lingering feelings
6,tearful
1,Sleepy
1,I'm not impressed.Maybe it's because I was eating jajangmyeon during the day.
1,This kind of third-rate movie won first place?
1,What fun is this -_- I erased it after watching it until the middle...
1,It's not fun because I'm a student
2,What if Roberto Benini didn't win the award?
1,It's sad, but not enough to win first place.
1,Sad.. sad movie..
5,This is wrong. There are only 4,546 people who participated. 5th place? I can't believe it
1,It's a shame ㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉ
1,I turned it off in frustration.
1,a jolly boring and annoying movie
1,No one is beautiful in life. In other words, it is far from reality.Let's watch an animated film
1,8 overrated movies are appropriate...
1,This isn't right
1,It was really boring.
1,It's hard to make ends meet
3,It's such a typical fairy tale that it's difficult to give a rating. an unsympathetic childhood innocence
1,Everything changes!!
1,Don't even go to science fiction movies. The fundamental pleasure is overwhelming by Transformers.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,It's trash...
1,I don't want to...
1,I looked forward to it based on the score I give you 1 point to avoid disappointing people
3,The second time I see it, it's boring.
1,After the beginning, you'll be bored
1,My father is great, but on the other hand, I felt like I was looking at an Italian version of eternity
1,I want to give you 0 points, but... One point is the lowest.
1,Instead of throwing away the breathing techniques that action should have, Technique is the movie that you chose
1,It's not funny
1,It's the worst! Don't look!
1,I was tired of it.
1,a boring movie
1,Father's love for his son feels more like a comedy than touching.
1,Life is beautiful but it ends sadly.
1,손해 볼 것 없는
5,Honestly, I don't think it's a perfect movie.A fake tear...;;
3,It's not a number one movie.A movie that's just like that
4,It's touching, but is it that bad?
1,Rubbish... Unnecessary forced touching...
3,Only the title is plausible.
1,I'm from Leon, too!
1,I'm from Leon
1,Do I have to smile and think about the Holocaust?
1,I don't understand why this movie is number one
3,A few times I've seen it, it's boring
1,Well, I'm not that's... Is my emotions dry?
1,I used to be good, but now I'm sleepy.
1,Sleeping pills... I'm sleepy
1,In this day and age, it's a bit of a stretch.
1,If you ran out of sleeping pills, I highly recommend it!
1,Life is a beautiful scam? The comedy about World War II makes me really happy
1,Marnie, I'movie..
1,the worst
1,I can't watch this because it's boring
5,I didn't know it would be so boring even though I was in middle school. But the content is good
1,He died trying to tease himself... and it reminds me of Ida Doshi
6,Pity and pride when you see flowers between rocks under a cliff. I see despair and hope.
1,I was overwhelmed with reading the subtitles
5,the Jews
1,I was really looking forward to it.
1,2 points is too much
1,It's not worth watching a damn movie
2,I like Hitler
1,I don't like the main character!
1,I like Hitler
1,the worst
1,Can I do it? Catching up with a multi-cellular girl
1,I'm from the Shawshank Rating Board.
1,Bitter.
3,About 8 GPA adjustment is appropriate
5,A good movie... the center of the Jewish line. I want to lower the score. It's a really good movie.
1,Rating. 7-8 points are appropriate.
1,Life is beautiful and beautiful
5,This is not a crying movie
4,Is my tear glands dry? Escape from Shawshank is more fun
4,It was touching when I saw it, but I didn't remember it again, so 4 points
1,What's the big deal?
1,Life is beautiful. 1 point
1,It's touching, but I can't accept it.
1,Benny Shay got 1 point because he's ugly! Go, go, thank you
1,I'm Shawshank. Life can be beautiful, but for Shawshankle.
1,Was my expectation too high?
3,Bored! Sleep!
3,I thought it was military or school, but maybe it's because I didn't do much
1,Well, I don't think it's a movie that deserves second place.
1,Why do you lower the rating of another movie?Everywhere you go, it's a problem
2,I don't like it
1,Top
5,It would have been fun if you watched it long time ago, but it's too old to watch now
1,It's kind of boring to feel like I'm squeezing out tears
1,The classic humor and obvious touch make me more childish
3,It feels like I'm squeezing too hard
1,I like movies...
1,I think he's crazy
1,It could be wrong depending on the people below
1,This style is classic
1,I'm not looking
1,I watched it twice. It's not fun
1,a film that has lost both its fun and its cinematic quality
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
1,an opposition party
1,so, that
1,so, that
1,Not really
1,I shouldn't have seen it
1,It's fun at first, and then it goes over later...
1,I haven't seen a trash movie in a while
1,I'm sorry...
1,not much
4,It was ingenious but cliche at the last minute
1,Life is beautiful
5,I was so, so bored with this. I'm sorry
3,It's not as good as the rumor.
1,If it wasn't good...
1,This isn't right
1,The movie was boring and childish! What do you mean beautiful!
5,It's a warm story, but I feel like I'm missing something...
1,Overall, it was okay, but it was so boring in the beginning...
1,I thought I'd stand out, so I gave him a point
1,It's not funny, but it'
1,It's very boring and touching...
6,It's touching, but...The score is too high.
1,It's like a sleeping pill movie. I'm sleepy
1,Fell asleep...
1,Maybe it's because I'm used to movies these days
5,It's because I'm looking forward to it... It's not very
1,I was bored. I don't know how to watch movies
5,Is it touching? I don't know.It was a comedy that I didn't like.Forced
5,I'm 2% short of being touched.
6,"Still, life is beautiful
1,Boredom
1,Boring and empty messages...
1,Oh, I'm touched.Bored
3,Life is not beautiful
1,It wasn't good ㅠㅠ
5,I think he got a lot of sympathy votes because he's the main character.
1,a snout film
2,the absence of reality
3,How can you be so bored when you're not even serious?
3,My heart is warm. Not more than that's
1,I really don't like it
3,Don't watch it if you're used to the modern bullbuster.
1,Honestly, isn't it kind of boring?
1,Don't play cheap
1,Forest Gump is more fun
1,Bae-Tzu-ni! This otaku is too much
1,Life is really...He's so cheap
5,It's still "Showbyeot", but I don't give you a score why you copy "Showbyeot" even though it's "Life is Bba"
1,Hooray for the Shawshank escape
1,Cinema Heaven Terror Zlez
1,I really want to give 100 points for a movie that is not enough.
1,Let's see what happens when he gets mad.
4,a lack of realism
1,I can't click. I was going to give you 10 points...
1,I can't see it without tears. It's ox knee soup.
1,If he's mad, you're the ones who's going to suffer more"LOL"
1,I'm touched ㅠㅠ I'm crying so much my eyes are swollen that I missed my horoscope lol
6,It wasn't good.
1,It wasn't good...
4,The movie that is the most out of NAVER ratings is boring.
1,Why is this in second place? It's so annoying!
1,I trusted NAVER rating and saw it, but it's not good.
1,It's not that good. I'm not sad at all.
1,The director died in the movie
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
1,a foam scrubbing board
5,Not as good as I thought. Comic rather than touching
1,Was I looking forward to it too much?
1,I'm sorry. I didn't see it
1,You only glorified the United States instead of the Allies, begging for an Academy Award
6,A movie that shows family love...
1,I'm sorry. I didn't see it
1,Shawshank is number one. We need to cut it
1,The rating is too high
2,I'm not sure
1,My heart is 6 points... So I had to...
1,Activated my brain cells, King Sejong came down to me and gave me a rating
1,I like monsters more, so it's a total difference. I don't want to give you a point
1,Life is hard and painful, but meaningful
1,It's a very childish movie
1,Why is this score so high? Does it make sense?
1,Honestly, 1 point is a waste
1,Rating Balance
1,Garbage movie than Galgari and Dracula Family
