님아, 그 강을 건너지 마오
1,...It's a trick.Like the triumph of Lenny Riefenstahl's will...
5,
6,Who is Park Pyeongsik?I came all the way here after listening to a songThank you.Everyone!
6,As time goes by, we all get old.  Be good to your parents when they are alive.
2,Didn't you live in general for a long time?There's something else besides marital love.I'm just so jealous.He lived for so long and died happily.It was the life that my father dreamed of.Ideal. Everyone dreams.The reality is not this kind of life.
1,I was bored because it was a documentary movie
1,Well, it's the Year of the Ox.
1,No fun next to the sound of "Wo-Nang".
1,Accounting Code for Environmental Planning and Accounting for Revitalizing Economic State Environmental Rules
1,786574563636, please hurry up and cross that river--868
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
6,Park Pyung-sik, a critic, said, "That's I'm usually a salty person. Other critics didn't give stars, but Park Pyungsik seems to be thankful
6,Rather than being sad, I was in awe of living happily for a long time. It's a couple that you don't often see these days. I'm jealous...
1,Honestly, I'm not as good as a TV documentary.
1,Sauce-sso-sso-sso-lately
1,a hell of a boring movie
5,I'll give you half a star because you made me immersed in the scene of my grandfather dying. I saw it because it was in a sad movie recommendation, but I couldn't cry at all.
1,It's not funny. Don't ever watch it
1,This is the first time I've ever seen a movie and thought it was a waste of money. It's not fun at all. I thought it'd be better to sleep.It's my first time sleeping on a chair.
1,KBS Human Theater's "White-haired Lovers" re-tang, samtang...  A movie that I ate on a day when the purpose was too clear. It's a waste of my tears that I shed after watching this documentary.
1,A movie that Christians should never watch! A movie that the Holy Spirit suffered throughout the whole time! A very bad movie that doesn't see through the inside of man and leads him to hell without believing in God until he dies
1,Director, is everything all right? I was heartbroken just by the sound of grandpa coughing, but it's amazing that he's still filming^^ I was watching it, but the comments said that you filmed your grandfather's deathbed and body. That's a great director. I hope you don't film it again
1,Yes, it's not fun Yes, yes
1,It's not fun at all
1,I enjoyed the movie with a lot
6,A movie where you can feel the deep love
1,Why did you film the old guys being boring?
1,The low-level public shedding tears over the cheap new drama of selling death as it is
6,Just in case, Park Pyeongsik is definitely!!
6,There's no answer to life. My life is mine
3,It's so fun. It's like pain, sadness, life, pain
6,Park Pyung-sik thinks of a twilight divorce after watching this movie. That's too bad
3,Illegal operation of cooling water in the area, Lolco.
4,Good. I just slept because it wasn't fun
1,The worst movie since the trashy movie, "The Beat-up Inviteer," and the acting of Japanese characters, is one star in the first book
6,It would have been nice to see it on documentary or TV.
4,My parents saw it, but it was hard to see the screen...
6,Park Pyungsik thinks that OOO is something
5,You looked so pretty.It was heartbreaking to see you sick and dead. I wish it was a hopeful finish though.
5,I really hate documentaries, but I think I was heartbroken the whole time I watched them
5,I don't understand watching a boring movie like this for the same price as the Avengers
1,This is a very good movie.It's a teary movie, but I'm angry that the director tried to bring tears out of his dead grandfather to the camera... I'm annoyed that the director used the old couple's little time left. How many NGs did he make while filming the movie?
1,The director's intention to shoot a dying old couple is only cruel.
5,It was a movie I really wanted to watch, but I fell asleep while watching it
5,It was fun. It was touching
6,I dream of this kind of love, but I gave up my dream.
6,by a hair's breadth
6,I'm sad. My parents think better
6,Maybe because I expected too much advertising, I didn't feel any special emotion. I should've just watched it on TV.
1,It is a very sad and sad movie. It was disgusting to think that the coach made money from this.
6,It was calm and worth watching.
5,It was normal. More than I thought
6,It feels like I paid for a regular documentary
6,A sad movie...
1,It's because the director's eyes are on the money.But that's true. Why are you trying to take advantage of an old couple and eat?
5,If it was fun, it would be calm and warm
5,It was a touching story ㅠㅠㅠ
6,I was impressed by the TV, but I feel like the content has become a little longer, so I am looking forward to it because it is like an extension of the TV
6,I was so sad that I recommended it to my parents for no reason (Sighs)
5,I want to see things like this at the human theater
1,It's a rating adjustment. 10 letters
5,It was sad the whole time I saw it.I was so sorry for my grandfather's death because he did not believe in Jesus and could not go to heaven.It was also a pity for the grandmother, who believed in the superstition of burning clothes.It was so unfortunate
5,The content was also touching.It was beautiful to see you love like that even when you are old
6,Just! Thinking about death
6,I enjoyed watching it I showed my parents
4,My parents said they saw it, but they didn't like it. I should've seen it!
6,Can I have that kind of love?
1,It's not fun at all. What a waste of money
6,A moving movie! I was happy to see you with my mom
4,Just like that? You don't have to think about it
1,This is a movie. Director S.H. 48 billion
6,I don't think it's as bad as the rumors
5,It was just like that. It was a little boring!
5,It's not good to watch at the movies.I think it was...
6,I enjoyed it with my family~~
6,Park Pyeong-sik, a critic, said, "I think people who think of marriage in the twilight zone wrote this movie to think about what marriage is after watching this movie, but are those who wrote comments saying it encourages marriage in the twilight zone complicated?
5,It's more bland than I expected. The power of directing is...
4,It was a touching movie. But how did he get permission from an old couple to film a movie? Isn't it too much of an invasion of privacy to film the process of his death? It's a subjective idea, but I'm okay with being healthy, but I don't think I'll have to show you what I'm doing today and tomorrow.
6,It's good to see with your family
1,Got it, got it.
6,It's a boring movie, but it's a touching movie
6,edit an existing documentary into a movie
5,I didn't think it was that...
6,Well, the documentary was pretty good
6,A movie worth watching without thinking about
1,It's a shame that you don't have zero. The pretentious things that touch your heart, you go to your grandparents, you go to their parents, you never do filial piety, you never sell them for money, you have no conscience
6,There is no story. It's just that our lives are all there.
6,The sight of an old couple in beautiful love was beautiful, but is it desirable to film the old man dying and naked or urinating?
6,It was sad and sad, but...
6,I looked back on the past.
1,I had insomnia, but I slept deeply. Director 1! Thank you. 1!
5,It was nice to see an old couple who had a pretty love, but I thought it was a waste to watch a movie
3,As someone who's watched the human theater documentary before...It may be due to the nature of the movie.I felt that the movie was very crude.
5,Sadness ㅠㅠ Grandmother and grandfather
5,Kanada Ramabasa aza-Chakata
3,Well, my parents saw it. Good
1,Good. Very small
6,It was touching because it was a documentary, but the overall fun wasn't enough
5,I think I watched all the movies in the preview Some scenes are memorable, but the theatrical version of the Human Theater
6,I'm touched. Please watch it
6,Love was so beautiful in my old age
6,No, no, no
6,It was a bit disappointing because there were a lot of spoilers, but it was fun.
6,Sad but boring development Two sons cried haha
1,Honestly, it's not 9 points, but 7 is just right
3,The fact is a beautiful and sad story, but I think it's perfect for a movie. It didn't suit my taste personally.
5,It's good. Gumeobabong is also wet
6,It was a good documentary that made me emotional.
6,I don't know if there was anything to move to a movie, but if I left the theater and got to the phone, it was worth it.
2,I dozed off. The sound of "Wan Nang" was much more interesting...
4,I don't think it's my cup of tea. I wasn't interested the whole time
1,I like touching movies, but personally, this type of movie doesn't fit
5,I think it'll be okay if I watch it at home
6,I don't know. I'm not impressed.
5,I'm not sure. Grandpa.I know you're sad because you're dead, but in the movie, you can only see that the deceased person is filming and cryingHonestly, it's natural for a person to die, but the movie? It's a bit forced and unfortunate
6,It leaves a lot of lingering emotions.
5,Death is part of nature after all. I think it is reasonable to say that the director wanted to shed light on the ending of a relationship that would impress everyone rather than filming it with malice.  I felt uncomfortable with my children's dog fight.
6,I'm so touched!
6,It depends on the age of the viewer
1,The director, staff, and grandfather worked hard to wait until they died. Is Grandpa's death the highlight? I don't know if I should cry there. The movie didn't touch anything, let alone shed a tear.
2,Not good for a commercial film
4,I don't like it because I squeezed it. Grandpa's grandmother's love fantasy.
6,It feels like we're only sad about the sad story
1,What's that?I thought it was a touching movie, so I even prepared a handkerchief tissue, but I'm just going to use it in the bathroom.There's no story behind it
6,Grandma, stay healthy for a long time
6,Just that kind of movie. Similar to the Human Theater
6,It makes me think about my lifelong partner again.
6,I haven't seen it yet. I miss you Others say it's funny
6,It was a movie that I surprised my in-laws during the holidays, and my mother cried a lotPeople live the same when they're old"I enjoyed your ears so much
6,After a while, I'll be
6,It was uncomfortable to see the contrived direction
5,I saw it because people around me said it was sad.More than I expected.It's not that
6,It was fun! It wasn't as good as I expected
5,Don't cross the river, sir
6,It was the most thoughtful movie in the capitalist era
5,I was looking forward to it, but I liked the documentary better
1,Not to mention the tears, but the whole time I yawned, it was really unpleasant. Think about it from my grandfather's point of view. Did he want to film it while showing everyone dying? Don't commercialize one's life and death. OOO's Stronger
5,A movie about looking back on your family?!
6,I think that's what I look like 50 years later.
1,The artificial feeling was not very good.
1,It's so obvious that it's. It's no different from the sound of "Wo-Nang"
6,Is my expectation too high?~~
6,I was less moved because I watched "Human Theater" after watching it. There are so many similar scenes. Still, I'm touched
5,I explained toyou. well, didn't touch.
5,Well, I'm kind of... ^^My mom watched it sadly^^
5,I was also touched, but on the other hand, it is a movie with many regrets. It's a shame that the process of death and separation was made into a documentary film in real time. The conclusion has already been decided, and it was a pity that it was like a movie waiting for my grandfather to die.
1,This movie was so boring. Complete destruction to a man. So boring!
6,It's a subject that everyone can relate to, but it's too contrived
5,Just the material is fresh... The production is just...It was a little uncomfortable because it felt like it was invading the daily life of an old couple.
5,I just enjoyed it
1,I can see your desire to make money by selling Gamdeok's emotions. Is it disgusting?
6,It's worth watching
2,a common documentary film It doesn't show any particular characteristics. an approximate expected plot and mediocre production It seems to be highly evaluated because it deals with content that is not particularly worth paying attention to, and is considered beautiful in terms of Korean sentiment and values.
5,the most mundane death of an ordinary man Maybe the relationship between the two old men is fantasy.
1,Children who left their parents, who are almost 100 years old, in a conventional house without toilets or bathrooms. I screamed when I saw my grandfather coughing and shaking and taking a bath outside the wind. If I were a child, I would get a debt and build a bathroom and a bathroom.
2,It's just...I think I've made a lot of adaptations.It's not natural...
1,It's across the river. Can I get a report--
1,The extreme of cunning, the demonic gaze of the director who uses the beautiful old couple to make money. The old man's nudity, urination, dead dogs, and even the dead body are pointed at the camera, making the audience beg for tears and taking a bundle of money. This is a vicious snuff film.It's a crime.
1,The love of the old couple is obviously beautiful, but it is uncomfortable and uncomfortable throughout the movie. What is the intention of capturing the urine and exposure of the general public, not the actor, the death of a person, and even the death on the camera? I feel like I'm being forced to cry. I'm angry with the director.
1,No fun. No, no, no, no.No fun
2,Too many signs of directing. You should watch "Human Theater".  The video will be prettyIt's upsetting to think that the high school students must have been tired by holding the camera and filming. Especially, grandfather who looked over the mirror and cried while following the old lady's path. It's the worst production ever~~~~
4,What's so funny about this? It's not like you're going to make a fuss about how much fun it is It's like a documentary on TV
6,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
1,It's been a while since I cried a lot. I really cry a lot. It's not fun No emotion, no tears, no tears, no real people are looking forward to it in tears, seriously, it's so boring and meaningless
4,It's worse than a five-part human theater
1,Why am I not funny?It's really not funny.Even after we saw each other at home, huh?I did a movie like this, and it's like that again...sorry
6,We're all throwing 10 points together and it's so touching. It's like you're going to pee while shedding tears. Don't get carried away when you see things like this.Don't be such a jerk and live. LOL
1,To be honest, it's not that good for me
6,They were beautiful. Grandma, stay healthy~~
6,Flowers and leaves. They're all the same as humans Those leaves bloom in the spring and live well in the rain all summer, and when there's frost in the fall, they stop falling. People say that's one thing
6,Why have people seen this movie so many times? The tacos about it would be more interesting.
6,I just watched it calmly.It's just calm... There are a lot of women who call their parents after the movie
6,I can relate to the fact that it's not a calm documentary.  The old couple's love is beautiful, but that's it
6,No more, no less, a calm documentary. I want to live and love for a long time and go back.
5,Usually, the unique vibe of the mentorship is good
1,It's just a documentary movie, but I don't know what's funny. It's a movie that made me think only about death. It's kind of horrible to think about the old man who was about to die. Of course, it would be a significant souvenir for the two elderly couples.
1,I didn't know it would be late. Better
1,This isn't a movie. That's not funny
5,It's normal... a beautiful and sad love story in my young eyes.
2,It's just a life story
5,My parents liked it, but I don't know.
5,I think part of life has already been broadcast on TV, like it was filmed in an itemization there.
6,Usually, normally, normally, normally, normally
5,I... I slept while watching itI guess I'm not a documentary type.
5,I showed it to you because my parents said they wanted to see it, but they were upset because they saw what would happen in advance.
5,It's a fake documentary
3,It's just... better to watch a documentary. There's nothing to eat at the famous feast
6,It wasn't that different from the human theater
6,It just reminds me of the end of my life when I see people in their 40s.
4,Many people said that it was a pity how much our real life left behind our natural emotions to the extent that we shed a lot of tears in this movie, but I was disappointed in the content and composition. .
5,So so... I'm sad ㅜㅜ hahaha
6,The content was so good, but the production was disappointing
1,Why do you peel Park Pyeongsik here? These days, more couples are getting married in the twilight, and I said this to make you realize it, but you can read it
4,I just saw it without thinking
5,A movie that leaves a lot of lingering emotions, but it's a bit of a waste to watch in theaters
1,It was really fun and enjoyable
6,I'm so touched by my grandparentsI thought that I wanted to have that kind of love when I got older
1,It's like the video camera is on V LIVE
1,a sample of the harmful effects of sns To be honest, the most disgusting thing is not funThe hypocrisy of those who say to watch commercial movies. People who are moved by this thought that they became something. And Park Pyung-sik said, "Those who think of marriage in the twilight world should see it and realize it, not release a movie, but best readers."
4,I enjoyed watching it, but it's kind of boring
6,The story is the end of what we know. It's up to everyone to be touched
5,It wasn't... it wasn'
6,This kind of movie is still a little unfamiliar to me.
1,It doesn't fit my standard, so it's not as fun as a 1-point pointer
6,I feel like I'm leading you to your grandmother's actingI'm so sad that I can't control myself, so the completion of this work is weak
5,It's fun. It's funIt's fun.
5,Hmm... I'm so disappointed.
1,Commercialize death... Documentary and movies... The moment I saw the body, I was scared.
6,Even though I don't really like documentaries, it was quite worth watching. Grandpa and grandmother playing pranks were fresh and nice like a couple in their 20s
1,It's not fun...And the two old couples who are the main characters of this movie lived happily ever after. How many people can actually live like this? There was no emotion.
1,I'm not that emotional
4,My grandmother and grandfather looked pretty, but I cried and felt bitter at the thought of my late grandfather
1,Are you happy to do business with the lives of those who lived quietly and well? It means you waited until your grandfather died and released a movie. You're so close.
6,Not only could I erase the thought that my grandfather's death was caused by excessive filming by the production team, but I couldn't concentrate on cursing my children throughout the movie. I emphasized the reality, but I showed it so starkly that I didn't have to show it.
6,Personally, I wasn't impressed with the movie
1,I saw it because I heard it was really really fun, but I'm a little disappointed
5,It was like watching a miniature human theater, but it was still calm
1,Why do you have to go to the theater to see the material that can be seen on TV Human Theater?
1,It's not fun...I thought you were watching a documentary...
5,The last one was a really sad movie(Laughing)
6,There seems to be nothing to comment on as it is a documentary about the story of an old couple living in a mountain valley and their grandfather who goes to heaven first, and the daily lives of the remainers. So the comments were a few days late. It's amazing that we're heading for 5 million viewers.
1,It's really boring  Those who got 10 points are out of their minds
6,It's touching and instructive
6,If it was worth watching, I think it's personal preference
5,The exquisite beauty of love with people gives you strength to withstand the winter wind that digs into the flesh
6,If it was like watching a human theater, I saw a beloved grandmother
5,Well, honestly, I don't think it was a movie to watch with money.
1,"Don't Be Beautiful as a Hearty Old Couple," a big-bubble movie, and the script is also sloppy. And this is a movie that an elderly couple filmed in advance of their husband's illness. Don't be so loosely instigated.
6,I reaffirm that the center of marriage is the husband and wife.
3,Good. Moderate touching. Moderate sadness. How can a person live this pretty?
3,If you're bored... a tear-jerker
3,It's not as good as I expected.It's a waste of money
5,It's just that.
6,It was a bit boring for me, who likes action movies, but I watched it while squeezing out tears. It was calm and nice
1,A movie that I don't want to recommend to those who saw the human theater's white-haired lover. I was very angry at the fact that he exposed his grandfather's body as it was and the sloppy video. I think it is a movie that gives pain to grandmother and her family I thought it was a movie made by the director's selfish greed.
6,The angle, which seems to be waiting for death or predicting and capturing death, is uncomfortable to see, and the subtitles keep the writer in reality who wants to fall into emotion. A documentary that was neither more nor less than the human theater version.
6,It shows the importance of a partner in life
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much
5,Compared to promotions, it'I'm happy that my father isn't here
5,Did I look forward to it too much? I didn't have to go to the theater to see the natural story of dying when I get old
6,It's touching, but I can't relate to it because I'm old
5,My parents saw it and it was him
6,I watched it well, watched it well, and watched it well
6,I guess I had high expectations for what people around me said. It made me tear up, but it wasn't as good as I expected
6,It's more than I thought ㅜㅜ It's a sad and beautiful story, but people are giving me too much expectation
1,No more fun than the human theater on TV.Far less than any independent film.I was going to come out in the middle, but I thought there would be a change, so I kept watching it, and it was definitely the worst movie I've ever seen because an ordinary old couple came out from start to finish and dragged on the boring content.a long note
1,Reminded me of a crumpled crocodile bag. I kept drinking coke because I was frustrated
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
6,Maybe it's because I was expecting too much, but I wasn't disappointed.
6,Sad memories of the beginning and end that are worth watching
1,It was touching, but I woke up in the middle of boredom and watched my life movie. It's just a story of a good-natured grandmother and grandfather
6,Don't expect too much
6,ㅠㅠ I don't know what to say Personally, a movie that will be remembered for a long time
1,It's not a movie that gives a lot of feeling
6,I think it's a calm person's story
5,Well, everyone says it's good.
1,No jam. It's not as fun as the human market
6,I can't cook with good ingredients
5,It reminds me of my late parents
1,It's not a movie with such a high rating
6,I'm not sure if it's because I'm still half my life, but I think I'll be like that if I get that old over the years.Thank you
5,My mom said it wasn't funThey say it's just a word-of-mouth effectI watched the movie because it was ranked high, but I heard that it was a touching story, and it reminded me of my late grandfather. I heard that the movie was about love for a long time
2,I am sorry for the death of my 98-year-old grandfather who died of natural causes while living a long and healthy life, and I am sorry for the breakup of my grandfather and grandmother who have loved me for so long, but I don't know where to cry and what to feel. I can't help but imagine each scene being filmed with a camera
5,A movie that was just a word of mouth.
1,Where am I supposed to cry?
1,It's an 8 point movie, but the score is too high, so I give you 1 point
6,I could feel the affectionate love of a married couple!
4,The movie that was a bit disappointing because I was a bit disappointed
5,I think it's less fun and touching than I've seen in the human theaterBut I wish I could live like that laterI had so much fun watching it
1,It's just...Is it...?
5,My parents love me more...I don't know much because I grew up seeing that, but I want to live like my parents, but I can't...If you were jealous of the old couple in the movie, your parents would have lived like you are now If you fight, blame your husband, blame your wife, blame yourself, and live
5,I'm thinking about movie reviews
6,It's worth watching, but it's kind of boring because it looks like a documentary
3,I wish you good health for a long time
1,Honestly, it's a waste of money...I don't understand why the rating is high
1,I don't understand that such an emotional movie with no workmanship has such a high rating I understand Park Pyung-sik's score this time. Please don't give this movie a ridiculous rating
5,Honestly, it was nothing less than the feeling of watching "Human Theater" and "Movie Theater"
6,I'm sad. I'm sad!
2,Just reality! I remembered the poem, "Doha, the official work I learned in high school," and I saw it out of curiosity about how the textbook sentiment would be captured on the screen Just reality! But it's sadder than the movie that we're all headed that way ㅜㅜ
3,I don't think it's a good movie
6,It's touching. It makes me think a lot
1,In my opinion, documentaries are more appropriate than movies.The rating seems too low.
5,I fell asleep because I was tired
1,It became an opportunity to feel deeply. One day a man meets death. The man who infused the spirit of God will go to one of hell and heaven forever If you trust Jesus correctly and correctly, you will go to one of the eternal heaven and eternal hells. Death is over a small door
6,I don't feel that way I think the sound of "Wo-Nang" is more fun
6,I hope many young people watch it.
2,He comes out on TV the day after the movie
1,The dirty feeling of going to someone else's shop... What's so touching?Isn't the life of a grandfather who died in a war and a grandmother who lived alone with seven siblings more like a movie? For your information, the international market gave you 10 points. It's a waste of 1 point because the score is too high and fake.
6,I think I gave a good movie to my parents
3,It's not as much less than I thought...
6,Thank you for the documentary movie. I'm tearing up.
1,I was bored It wasn't so-so
6,It's worth watching if you don't expect too much
1,Disappointed Disappointed Disappointed Disappointed
6,As a person who experienced the barley hump, I think I saw ordinary daily life, not a movie. It's just a movie for older people.
5,Well, that wasn't very good
1,Oops, is this a movie? What are the grannies doing?; Do you really think young people will find this interesting? Let's play this at the old man's house and not waste the theater
1,I'm sure it's a good movie, but... It's no different from the human era of documentaries for TV when you pay for the movie.
1,To adjust the rating. I don't think it's a 9-point movie.
4,It's just that. The last part is a bit sloppy
1,It's not fun... ㅜㅜ
6,The story of a couple who are a little special and close.
1,It's not a movie. It's Q
5,How it feels to watch "Human Theater"
6,Personally, the Human Theater was better. The movie, which focuses on "death" rather than respect and love between the two in old age, was heartbreaking.
2,It's not fun. It was touching, but honestly, it's a waste of money.
1,The admission fee to the human theater is a waste. I was tricked by the media
5,It felt like a human theater.
4,I watched a movie because I was so into the comments, but it was boring and my cough was loud. It was my first time to come out in the middle of the movie
6,It was a movie that made me feel empty   It was a movie where you can think about what a husband is, a child, a family, a person.
6,Is it because I'm really looking forward to it? Or is it because my emotions are dry?You think differently than others think differently
6,When I watch KBS Human Theater, my grandfather talked well and had good energy. In the movie, I feel so sorry for the scene of him coughing and his children fighting in front of his father.
6,I guess I was really looking forward to itㅠㅠ Life of an Old Couple It's a movie that made me think about love between husband and wife
4,I was bored while watching it, so I slept...
6,I think it was an opportunity to understand how grandparents feelI need to be nice to my parents and grandparents
1,A 10-point reverse movie with the sound of "Wang-Nang" on the soles of your feet
5,It's touching. My parents enjoyed it
6,Six points, six points, six points, six points
6,The director's intended direction in between is uncomfortable.
1,Why don't you film a movie, not a documentary? I got goosebumps when I saw the camera in front of me as a person was dying
6,There are people who give the lowest rating, except for those who criticize the movie with fierce eyes, the rest of you always give comments like dogs... Maybe part-timers; or maybe they need some mental education.
6,I was sadI pray for the repose of my grandfather.
1,Didn't you take this because you thought you were going to die?  Director Lee is really... That's too much.Thank you for giving me a horoscope
1,A movie where old people come out and show
2,Too much production trail and no emotion
6,It's a movie that shows an old couple in a documentary~~~You look so simple as you are without anyways~My 19-year-old daughter recommended this movie, but it wasn't as sad as I thought
5,Thank you for watching my Zahur
1,It's not fun. It's sad, but it doesn't hit home
6,a dud for a documentary But it's no match for the sound of a warang.
6,It's a trap to watch a fresh and fresh movie
6,It was so touchingI envy your grandparents
1,That's absurd A totally low-budget movie!  Disappointed
5,My mom and I just looked at it like that
1,I don't get a zero on the movie score.  One point is a waste. It was really boring
6,The nature isn't that beautiful either
1,One is a waste There's no bread
6,It was nice to see the two elderly people happy even though they don't have any feelings for their father
1,It's just depressing to watch. It wasn't a very good movie.
1,It's not touching. like a waste of money
5,The content is below expectations. The story is normal and there would have been nothing to see without the last scene.On the one hand, I think it would have been better for them if they hadn't been made into a movie.A movie that needs to be completed when you die.
2,It wasn't funny because it was obvious
5,I paid to watch the Human Theater
5,Maybe it's because I'm getting older, but I'm not that moved. It's a victory for marketing.
1,Honestly, I don't know. It was a waste of money, at least in my view
6,I'm sad ㅠㅠ A movie that reminds me of my grandparents
3,A movie that shows two elderly people being left unattended in the mountains, showing their children's bad behavior, not supporting the elderly who have difficulty in preparing meals...I felt like I saw Koreajang.
1,The material was good, but the composition and production skills were 1 point. It would be better to make a human theater into a movie than this movie
1,It's sad, but the story is...
4,The movie was below my expectations.
1,If you watch the rerun of the human theater at home, it'll be the same.I went to see the dog no fun late night, and I snored and slept.
3,It's sad to love your spouse for a long time and see her in pain
6,It made me cry. It was a new genre
4,I was really looking forward to it. I guess I was really looking forward to it.The love of the old couple was beautiful, but that was it. The awkward acting of my grandmother was a bit burdensome to watch.It would have been better if it was just a documentary.
1,Hey, don't make documentaries. No fun at all right
5,I didn't expect it. I was jealous that you loved your grandfather and grandmother beautifully I thought it would be really sad, but it was still fun
1,Director Jin Mo-young learned to make money so dirty and cheap.
5,I guess some people like it or dislike it. She said that she had a hard time because she had a lot of positive reviews and showed it to her parents. Depending on the experience of the viewer, I don't think it's just touching.
4,ㅠㅠIt's fun. Sadder ㅠㅠ
5,It wasn't that fun.
5,If it was pretty good, I would cry
5,In fact, it's not special
6,I was touched and cried a lot, but the movie itself...It feels like the beginning is a bit boring and the contents are mixed up Still, the love between grandmother and grandfather was beautiful
5,The people who cried after watching this might not know this life. Watching that kind of life from the side, it's just so-side. The movie may be touching, but everyday life is just daily life.I don't know if you want to think it's true because it's wrapped in a documentary format.
4,Oh, my. Oh, my
5,I watched a movie today.  I thought it was an expanded version of the human theater, but it was different from what I expected. There was a certain amount of emotion and lingering feeling, but sometimes it was unpleasant to see because the scenes were so forced.
1,It's strange that the viewer rating is over nine
5,I don't really... I mean it
1,The movie was so good. But the rating is too highI need to lower the rating
6,It's just... It's January 1st.
5,There's no story behind it.
6,It's worth watching
6,I don't like it because it was in the human theater before
1,I personally didn't know it was a documentary. It was a waste of money
1,Honestly, is this a movie? It's worse than the Human Theater. Older people may feel the same way, but it's really not fun. The Tobot that my nephews watch is much more interesting.
5,I think I just looked at it calmly. It's not as sad as I thought. It's something you'll experience once you get older. I envy your friendly appearance and I think you're a role model.
5,For those living in the countryside, clothes and accessories don't suit you
6,It's like a human theater and a documentary.
5,I recommend it for those who like calm songs, but I don't really...
1,I was shocked when I watched the movie first and watched the human theater. Grandmother and grandfather's love story is beautiful, but in the movie, it is trash. As you can see from the Human Theater, I don't know why it was filmed by reenacting the contents of the Human Theater a few years later. The director is a thief.
6,Disappointed that the content is not as faithful as the rumors
2,It's not a movie or a documentary, but a third-rate... I'm disappointed with the directions.
6,Don't lean on me too much. Watch it I don't know if it's because I have high expectations...
1,In the typical sentimental movie, Kimchi soup always says that it's a masterpiece if you're sad
1,No fun... I watched it late at night, but it's a waste of money.
4,Would I live to be 100 years old if I didn't film my grandfather?
1,I saw Jim. Everyone here is a part-timer. Honestly, I like the love of an old couple. But it's not a movie worth paying for. It was ridiculous
6,Reality is good, but monotonous
1,Reminds me of D-War.  If you think the movie is low here
6,Please select a horoscopeOh, oh, oh.
6,Let's make a lot of good expressions between couples, so we can live longer and grow old beautifully. Take care of your parents, don't fight with your brothers.
5,It's fun, sad, and tears
1,The camera angle was very unpleasant and repulsive. What this movie tells us is that the important thing for the creator of this movie is not respect and consideration for people, but how well they can use it while watching someone's pain. It was a really unpleasant movie.
5,Since this movie is a hot topic, I watched all six episodes of "Human Theater" in a day.It was really fun and touching. The movie was also very sad, so I took a roll of toilet paper and went to see it with my husband.There were several scenes that overlapped with TV, and it felt contrived, and besides, not a single tear came out.I was seriously worried if I was a psychopath.
4,The director didn't make the best use of that material.The part where my grandfather's condition got worse due to too many edits seems to have progressed too fast...I think we can extend the movie time a little bit.It was too short. Personally, it was more touching to see it as a human theater.
3,Not really... there's a sense of trying to sum up our lives, but there's~~~
1,I don't know if it's because my expectations are too high or if my emotions are dry
4,I cried a lot, haha I saw it because of the word of mouth, but I feel like I was expecting too much
6,My parents said they liked it
2,It depends. I was just like that
6,More like a movie documentary than a movie, life and love
6,I think it was a heartbreaking movie that made us look back on our lives^^
5,Don't cross that river. ㅜ I'm sorry
5,Don't cross that river, my dear
1,I don't know, maybe it's too emotionalRather than watching a movie, it's like watching a documentary
6,You can't watch it with makeup onSome of them cried so much that much.I didn't like it. It felt like I could watch it comfortably.
6,It's like watching TV at home
6,Well, I was just...
4,It's a lot of course
4,It's sad and touching, but it's not a good movie
5,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,It's a documentary
1,I don't know why this exists
1,Honestly, it's not fun...It sounds like "Wo-Nang"
5,I feel like I'm still too young to understand the complex emotions they've built up for over 70 years.
1,I'm sad ㅜ.ㅜ~~~~
6,It must be beautiful and sad for those who only like to see what they want to see, but if you look at the desire to make a movie, it is a cruel movie. Technological perfection is a key source of evil in this film
1,It's like watching a human theater.I was looking forward to it so much that I was moved and cried and laughed  I'm not going to watch a movie that director Lee made after memorizing the name of the director
1,1 point is a waste
6,The movie is below my expectations
1,It is a waste of a single star on the abominable sadness of an elderly person who lived a long life and died naturally at the age of 89. It was the first time I didn't believe in Naver's rating, and I vowed not to pay for documentary films in theaters again. For me, who has a lot of tears, I didn't even get forced to cry.
6,I don't like documentary movies...I watched it forcefully because my mom said she wanted to see it. My mom was goodBut my dad and I said we don't know why this movie is popularIf you watch TV for human theater, your eyes will be puffy.There are a lot of parts that touch people's emotions I cried a lot over my baby and my underwearcrying
6,So, it's too far for people in their 20s to relate to
6,It's worth watching. ^^*
5,I watched it calmly The old couple seemed to have a good affection
6,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot, but I'm
2,Don't watch people who watch sleep only for fun. Grandma talks a lot
5,It's a little... worth watching
1,I don't think it's worth the money to watch at the movies
6,a gentle wave of ten letters
5,It reminded me of my parentsIt was even better to watch it with adults
5,I enjoyed watching it.Rather than watching it at home,
6,A happy life with a pure heart without greed
1,I don't think it's higher than Shawshank's escape. And I think this is a documentary rather than a movie.
5,It's worth watching. It's worth watchingIt's worth watching
5,It was sad. The sad love story of the elderly
1,This work is a perfect score. But it's not a movie, so I give you 1 point. Play NAVER baseball!
6,We watched the movie "My Love, Don't Cross That River" that hit 3 million hearts recently  The friends who saw me first cried a lot. They told me to prepare a handkerchief, so I brought two. In fact, I only cried a little. I dozed off in the middle of the movie because it was boring.
6,A good movie for a divorce-minded couple
6,A little old lady.A naughty grandfather!
6,I can't feel the sensational composition and emotion
6,Thank you for that
1,Dreamland in 10 minutes. I'm 104 years old
1,That's too high a rating... Please find your place.
5,It was a sad story.I went with my college daughter and she cried a lot~~
1,This is a movie or a documentary. Never watch this.
4,I saw it today... I'm not sure I don't think I'm... sad, but I think I'm looking for commercial... And... why is the rating higher than the Shawshank Escape? I'm not looking at you in a slanted way, but... That's kind of bad. Good job
1,It's higher than Shawshank's escape.
1,Do you have to show this kind of movie in the movie theater?
5,I'm looking forward to it, but it's so sad
6,It was touching. Grandma is so cute^^
2,a completely new story with no innocence
5,The old couple's acknowledgement is not the same as the excellence of the movie~~
5,I'm sad thinking about myself in the future.I think it's a movie that I made over the years. I'm touched.
4,It can stimulate the emotions, but it was a bit obvious. It was boring
1,Listen up, guys, it's not like watching a movie or watching a documentary If you're going to give 10 points to a documentary, don't watch a movie. Why do you have to give a rating on a masterpiece? Myeongnyang is like that. I don't know what's fun about it. I don't know how to watch a Korean movie
6,A movie that reminds me of my grandfather and grandmother!I feel sorry for my grandmother
5,I didn't see it. I gave it to my parents. I guess they knew somehow. It's not as sad as I thought
1,This is never a point. I want to give 11 points
3,Hey, don't cross the river. Is there a caption for the movie?
3,Watching my daily life without TV and video, I felt scared that I, or the world, was completely driven by video and media
4,the same life as the average person
6,"I showed you my mom and dad, and it was fun"
1,The rating is too high. Honestly, I think mid-to-late 8-point Ovada would be better than Shawshank
6,A movie that reminds me of my grandparents.There's no content, but I watched it comfortably without thinking
1,I watched the movie with my whole family because the reviews were good, but I don't want to recommend it.
4,What's the story of shedding tears?After watching it, I felt empty. - The last one was sad. Documentary was better than the movie
1,That's cheating
2,I guess my emotions are dry.I'm sure he's a person who often sheds tears after seeing something else...I was surprised to see him sniffling in front of me. There are people like this
5,I said I was sad...To be honest, besides being sad in the middle, it ended suddenly...
6,It's just worth watching.
1,I think 8 points is enough. It's too high
5,I guess I'm emotionally dry.
4,Except for some shining moment that neutralizes the title, in the end, Sangtu
6,What a beautiful love.
1,Are you kidding me? What's sad about this-- You seem to have a lot of ratings
6,Obviously, there was something left. He was sincere and, to be fair, the ticket was a waste
4,You're better than a lawyer because you don't have free tickets for lying, inciting, or alienating.^^
1,Theater version of "Human Theater," 6 o'clock home, live information
1,Rather than a movie, it is more like a documentary family-related program on TV.  I think you can just watch the TV program at home.
1,I'm sad to open my eyes. Don't look at it. Throwing away money
4,I made a reservation for my momI'm sad that my grandfather died, and the next one is just so-so
4,I guess I had too much expectation.
4,It's a story that comes out a lot even if you watch documentary programs.
4,It's a movie that's been sold in a timely manner. It's nothing more than a documentary
6,I'm jealous of them Grandma, stay healthy and don't lose your girlish heart~~
1,Movies are okay, but it's not a movie to watch in theaters
5,Grandpa and grandma are so cute
5,It was so boring. I went to see it because it had a good reputation. It is a daily life story of an old couple like a newlywed, but why am I watching this in the middle...  I wanted to go out.
1,It's better not to look.
6,I'm a little disappointed because I had high expectations ㅜㅜ I watched it as if it was breaking off, not as if it was connected. It was a movie that could come out more beautifully
5,I guess they had high expectations.  Don't leave after just looking at the score
5,It's a movie with a basic touch but nothing else. It's not a third-rate movie. In fact, even though it's a documentary, it's a movie that's a waste of time to put the word "movie."
4,I don't understand the people next to me crying It's boring.
6,It was so moving  It was great.
3,Don't go to the theater to watch this movie
1,I usually don't sleep at the movie theater, but I don't like documentary movies, so why do you make movies like this?
1,Emotional arm, Lee Min-hwa!
3,I don't know why the rating is so high It was sad, but it wasn't so sad. I was really looking forward to it, but it would have been better if it was shown as a documentary on TV.
1,To lower the score of fraud!!!
6,It wasn't as sad as I expected, but it left a long lingering impression
1,I was bored more than an hour ago, so I thought about whether to go out or not, but I didn't have to make a movie, and I felt like I was fooled by Facebook's hype
5,As much as I expected...하지만But it'd be nice if we could see each other
3,I'm falling asleep. I'm falling asleepIn
1,I cried while watching this movie. But I felt like I was forced to cry. How can I not cry when one person dies? How far is it directed and how far is it true? Can the reality of camera involvement be a complete fact? I'm confused.
6,The ephemerality of life that makes me think that I should be nice to my parents, and I am determined to live again because everyone is old and dying.
5,It's a sad movie. I enjoyed it
2,It was sad, but I don't think it's fun because it's hard for our age to understand
1,Why is this movie rated so high? It's 1 point
6,I enjoyed it. I showed it to my parents and they're satisfied
6,It's not as touching as I thought, but it's very calm and sentimental
1,It is a documentary with a direction, the cruelty of filming against a sick grandfather, and the movie without touching what he is trying to convey, and at least without consideration for the sick. If you're old and dying, think of this reality as a film and watch this movie.
5,From the perspective of grandparents, it was refreshing to make a movie without involving anything, but doubts about the difference between the movie and the narration of KBS Human Theater.  And a movie that was possible because the topic of the movie was already a topic of the public.
6,It's touching. It's not 100% documentary. It's not a movie that will make you cry
5,Honestly, I don't know if the movie was made to deliver the message. I'll just do it laterI feel sorry for him. What do you do?
1,It's a documentary. I can't focus.
3,I saw it because it was number one.The movie that I regretted all the time I watched it was sad, but I watched it for 9,000 won because it was a documentary
6,It's just... Ten. Ten
1,It's not my style. Why did I watch this? It's a really annoying movie
1,I hope it didn't look good. It's not all fiction. It's a true story. The thought of filming someone who died...
6,From the perspective of looking forward to the videos that seemed too planned for the two of you, I think it was a movie that didn't seem like it wasn't that bad...I'm sad that it was a perfect fit for a human theater
5,It's fun, but it's like a documentary It's different from what I thought. Five stars
6,A movie that makes you cry and laugh ^^ I strongly recommend it to those in their 40s, 50s, and 60s!
6,It was more fun when I watched "Human Theater".The two of you and your grandmother's cuteness were more included, so this movie was a little heavy.
5,Let's love everything that's dying.
5,It was very touching and touching.
2,My mom and dad don't have the worst level of empathy, they just watch Documentary Cook TV, even it's too short to waste money
2,그래서 슬픈 영화 때문에
1,I've seen it in the human theater, and I've made it in the theater, and I've lowered the rating
1,I was a little sleepy because it was a documentary.
5,It was lower than expected in the form of a general documentary rather than media publicity.However, they understand and cherish each other until the twilight of their lives, and they sympathize with each other.
5,Parents, couples, and children made me think a lot, but I didn't really feel touched.
1,My mom saw it and she said it wasn't fun.
6,I was touched by the story of a girly grandmother and grandfather
1,It is a cruel movie that uses the slow death of a person in a mysterious commercial way, without any fun, touching, story, or tears.
6,More than I thought...I don't think that's a good idea
6,잘 산 선물 듀이 듀이
3,Why did you make this into a movie...It was a bit uncomfortable to see
2,I need to take you to the hospital. Why are you fighting?
1,It's just about living and dying with the elderly, so I wonder if I should have made it into a movie.
4,It's a beautiful story, but I want to tell the director. At first, I wonder if they would have invited such a grandfather. I thought it was amazing, but the directing of the Human Theater was similar, and honestly, it would have been a big hit if my grandfather hadn't died.
4,I enjoyed it  Maybe it's because it's real. I'm more sad than touched It's about our reality
5,Human theater is better...
2,I'm just a preview if it wasn't fun
1,I wasn't that touched  It was obvious.
6,I showed my parents and they said it's not good
1,This movie should not have been released in the first place. a work featuring the director's rustic directing Why did you include the scene where the grandfather slowly disappeared while sitting down, and it was an unpleasant work that damaged the beautiful love of the old couple
6,to agonize over the international market and NIMA  I think it is encouraging that independent films dominate the movie, which is less touching than I thought, perhaps because I saw the rating and expected it too much.   More than I thought...
1,It's a bit... to go to the movies and pay 10,000 won.
4,If you're looking forward to the movie, don't watch it  Literally, I look back on my life as a record movie, and I don't know if I'm going to cry at my parents' thoughts, so my score is two because it's not a movie  It's good for a documentary record
1,What a waste of money. I'd rather have another meal.
3,A show that wets the tear glands. You can't eat it raw like this.
4,They're really people who'll buy honey butter chips in line.I didn't think you'd like it because you were fooled by the sound of "Wo-Nang," but as expected, so so... If this is so fun, why is the ratings of the Human Theater so bad? Just watch the Human Theater. That's more fun.If it's a trend, people who don't have to take care of it with meaning.
6,If you see me off and wait, I'll meet you again.
1,I watched it with my husband and it was so sad.But the score doesn't make sense
4,I feel sad when my grandmother cries ㅠㅠ
6,It's just a sad story.
1,If you've seen "Human Theater," stop there. It's a 10-minute compression that would have touched your heart. It's gonna take a little patience to get out of the theater full of 86 minutes. I'm sorry to those who are truly touched... ...but it makes me feel the power of Mescom again.
6,It was a bummer that there weren't a lot of pictures of my grandparents' lovey-dovey.
1,I don't think so lol
4,It was kind of sad, but the contrived feeling in the beginning is so strange
1,I've watched so many documentary sentimental movies that I'm sick of.Stop making it
5,The story of the old couple's affectionate love reached a lot of consensus, but the story was too monotonous
1,......Cancer cells are gone in my body. all and all.
1,It's a part-time job. It's really scary
5,I give you exactly five points. First of all, it wasn'
6,It's just a documentary. And it's true that people who didn't watch "Human Theater" don't really understand it. I think it'll work out well if I watch the human theater properly.
3,I can see the life of my grandmother and grandfather, and it's such a lovely and unfortunate true story, but I think the filmmakers who waited for my grandfather's death commercially will be so horrified and vomit It is also creepy that some scenes might have artificially caused certain behaviors to grandmothers and grandparents.
5,It's a documentary for an old couple around us
5,It was good to see the old couple living in love all their lives, and it was heartbreaking to see them happy.However, thanks to the intentional production aimed at making a movie, I felt uncomfortable throughout the whole time. The reality seemed to have fallen because of the directing. It was uncomfortable and sad.
1,What's the rating? I watched it with my wife, but she only appealed to the emotions. Just 6 points
1,a sadistic film that makes you watch other people's misfortunes; a film that conveys sadness that you don't need to feel
1,My grandfather would have become a star in the sky. So there's no point in giving a few stars. Grandpa, make yourself at home
1,I have to end it in a documentary.
1,ㅠㅠ I didn't even see it I went to the movies on the 21st because I didn't get a text message from the reservation number, and it was booked on the 18th ㅠㅠI would have checked and changed the reservation number once I received the text message or email ㅠㅠI missed a fun movie with my friendsWhere can I get my reward? crying
2,It's just a documentary.It's a documentary where you can see artificial scenes like someone told you to do it, and the editing and touching are not good.You're disappointed
3,It's a daily documentary that you can't pay to watch in theaters.
6,Seeing you lived happily, I thought that I would meet such a good relationship and live happily for a long time.But I don't think it's a movie to watch in the theater.Even if the genre is documentary...
1,It's definitely not a movie to watch in theaters. I also watched it after the evaluation, and I regretted it after watching it.
1,Thank you very much^^
5,The documentary was much better.In the documentary, there were a lot of unexpected heart attacks in every word that was thrown casually, but in the movie, will you not cry even if you do this? That's how I made it hard for the viewers.
6,I feel a life free meeting.
1,It's too overrated. A movie that's suspected of making a movie. Half of the audience is grandparents!
6,It's not that sad or fun... The Human Theater is more interesting. It's not worth the money
1,To defend against the score... About?  It's a perfect documentary work
3,I was just like that, but I think it's better to pay for this and watch the human theater
1,I understand the level of Korean audience.
5,It's a documentary, but it's a bit of a mess.I'm sure all six of you cried once or twice.I don't think the director is going to get the independent movie solo enough to reduce the screech.
1,I watched it because I heard it was fun. I'm in my mid-30s. He's a man. Something to cry about. I don't know. I don't know what's touching. Oh, the raining scene. And lying face to face with my grandfather. The puppy scene... I just like documentaries. It's definitely not 9 points.
3,It's a bit more disappointing than the rumors. I feel like there's a senior conversation in it. As the elderly prepare for the end. I'm getting emotional
1,It's a movie that got older and cheated on me late. Nanofun. Why is this 2 million?
6,Maybe it's because I looked forward to the evaluation...There were some disappointing parts, but when I went into the end, I was able to relate and it was sad
1,I think it's better to see a human theater
1,It's fun. Why would you watch this?
6,A movie that reminds you of each scene after watching it.
1,I can't grade it.
1,I was watching a movie and came out of the boxWhat do you mean, I'm disappointed with the movie and I'm not going to watch any more domestic movies?
6,A movie that was touching but stretched a little bit
5,It would have been better if I had written the human theater as it was, but the scene was cut, cut, cut, cut itself, so I didn't even have time to feel sad.If I think of it as a movie, it's kind of clumsy and if I think of it as a documentary, I think it's cruel to film it.It was a bit
1,Rather protect the Earth than this! be much sadder for I'm so impressed. Look at the incitement
6,Death is a process and a process.
1,To be honest, it wasn't a movie out of 10 because I watched it at a young age I couldn't relate
1,What a waste of money. A movie without any philosophy.
1,Don't commercialize a person's death
5,My mom said it was fun and wanted to see it, so I showed it to her, but it wasn't as good as I thought.They are doing it
6,Grandpa ㅜㅜ I'm sad
6,It's sincere and calm
6,I guess I was looking forward to it It feels like the content is on the back and the time is short
4,A movie that makes you think about life and death
5,I'm sad... I hope you watch it with your family!
2,I didn't even feel any emotion. What a waste of money if you felt it? I don't understand why this work is so well received.
6,I don't think I directed it well with good material.
6,The human theater is more natural. The connection is unnatural... I could have shed tears because I watched the Human Theater. What would it have been like if I only watched the movie?
1,I heard it was really touching, so I watched it and I cried for a long time after watching it. It's a waste of money -- I've never seen a movie that's so boring, so touching, so boring. How many part-time jobs have I had? Don't really watch it; I watched it with my mom, but she was wasting money
2,The purity of the independent documentary stands outIt was
1,How can this movie win first place?
6,You should be nice to your parents
6,It's been a while since I cried and healed myself. Mom? Daughter?Make sure you watch the movie that made you feel a lot about living as a woman~~~^^
1,What the hell are you talking about? I don't waste a single rating It's not fun...
6,It's a bit disappointing than I expected.
