맨발의 꿈
4,Directing is the problem.Park Hwi-soon's acting seems a little awkward, but this is due to the director's lack of ability to produce the best acting skills and the ability to organize videos. It was quite annoying because the lines seemed to have a basic disregard for underdeveloped countries.
6,The acting skills of the actors, including children, are forced and clumsy in directing, which halts the fun and emotion.
3,If you make a movie like this and sell it, it's OO...
1,What are you trying to do with third-rate actors?
6,Warmness that gives you dreams even if you're poor
1,The Shinpa movie is not fun.
1,New wave and humanism are safe bread
1,Well... Let's see...
1,It's been a while since I've been so disappointed with Juyeon's acting
4,It's a little uncomfortable to look at. It's hot and I'm not touched.I just want to live a stable life in Korea
6,Korea's Common Sports Human Drama
6,I wish you'd stop making emotional movies based on true stories produced by the times. Aside from the level of the work, the uniform style of Korean films is too boring.
6,It's awkward here and there, but I like the process of changing people, this warmth.
5,I don't think it's a 9 point score.
1,It's too bad.I don't really want to see it again
1,I think it's a forced
6,_나쁘지 않아...
1,Um............!?
5,No... It's not this score...
5,Fun.
4,I don't really...I didn't think I was emotionally dry, but, um...
5,Too obvious + forced + boredom ㅠㅠ
6,The rating is higher than I thought.
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,Story sloppy, zero acting, zero touching. I just hope it ends soon throughout the movie
4,I couldn't get into it. The expression plain is appropriate.
1,It's not fun; I think it's better than this. Do I have to include chicken fights and civil wars?
1,Obvious story, movie to bring out obvious emotion, I don't like the main character's acting,
6,It's a true story that can be forced depending on how you watch it. Anyway, Park Hee Soon's dribble is brilliant
3,The content is important, but I had a hard time watching it because of the poor editing.
1,If it's real, is it all 9 points? I dozed off while watching the movie--
5,It's a bit better than conventional sports movies, but the rating is too high
1,below expectations
1,The rating is too high. Honestly, it should be about 5 points...
5,Honestly, I'm sick of this kind of movie.
6,I felt as if I had been forced into it
1,This movie is rated lower than Clementine.You seem to have a lot of part-time jobs.
1,That's too much.
6,I was looking forward to seeing it, but it's not enough to evoke emotions for emotionally challenged people
1,It was so boring. It was a perfect movie with sleeping pills
6,Did my emotions dry up?왜 Why am I so bored...
1,I don't think it's this bad
6,Why can't these two actors play the leading roles?
1,What lol
1,Sigh... What kind of movie is this...
1,Hmm, it's fun
1,a rating of ᆿLOL
6,It's just too high a rating
1,It's a movie that's fun for two hours after the national team member's part-time rating manipulation
6,I am not interested in sports movies
1,It's a rubbish movie -- I'm sorry to my friend who watched it with me
1,grossly boring
1,Am I weird?I'm bored...
1,I don't like this kind of movie...?
1,Phew
6,I like them all, but I'm not good at making movies.
6,The warmth builds up slowly and roughly. It was good because it was at its peak when the ending credit went up.
1,Ratings need to be lowered too high
4,Park, Yeon, and Nail's ugly and disgusting human, fraud, and fantasy
1,It's not funny
5,9 points is honestly too much;; is the rating part-timer busy giving a rating?
6,I can't give you a good score just because it's a touching story.
1,I personally don't like it, so I don't recommend it
6,The pure eyes of the children make me sad
6,It was just... It was good to be Park Heesoon.I don't know anything else
4,The rating is too high. I was tricked ;
1,That's boring. I played it at school and it was boring. I don't want to see you again, bb
1,It's puffed rice.7-8 points are appropriate
1,It's not a cartoon story.
1,Who are the people who rate movies like this? It's crazy to give 10 points for sympathy votes
1,It's not funny
6,I think it's a bit too much because it's a true story, and it's a bit awkward because it's children's soccer
1,This is puppy-like -_- Seriously, this is not it. Don't believe me. I really want to show it to you
1,It's a movie that really succeeded as a part-time job. In a word, it's a trash movie
1,Even if you copy foreign movies, you get this crap LOL
3,The overall story is good, but the weak point is that the expression is clumsy and forced
4,Only the sauce is excellent. a cringe-worthy performance
6,Good material.Korean sports movie's poor directing skills!!!2% short of directing!)
2,Excessive rating
3,Disappointing production
1,The story is too corny
6,It's an obvious story, but this kind of movie is basic.
3,For some reason, I can't erase the feeling that I was in a hurry because I was chased by time and money.
1,It's an obvious movie.Just boredom
1,I'm so touched
1,Boring.
6,It's too obvious.Anyway, it's fun
6,It's ambiguous.
1,Not fun -_-
1,It's not funny --
6,Is this so touching? except for the true story.Fizzling out... Not really ㅠㅠ
1,I don't think it suits me.
1,What's wrong with the rating?
1,All the movies of the Joseon Dynasty are the same
1,No matter how hard you try, no matter how hard you try.
1,Dream of OOO dream
1,I was dumbfounded by the obvious ending;
1,an amateurish film
1,I fell asleep while watching it;;;;
1,Totally forced;;
1,What's the standard?
1,I enjoyed watching it. The rating is too high than I thought.;;;;
6,Park Hwisoon's character is for fun, but he's overreacted.Their acting is great
1,If you don't lie and go to reviews or ratings, you will fall asleep after watching it 100%.Are you deleting the review because it's not good?
1,Park Hwi Soon is not so funny
5,If it wasn't for real, it would've been boring to forceful
4,This movie has a higher rating than the godfather!
4,Perhaps because of the high expectations, the disappointment is even greater. A movie that was made up of a beggar.I think it's the director's fault.
6,I don't know why the rating is high. Perhaps because he hired a local person as an actor, his acting role is falling.
1,Your rating is too high I think 7 points will be enough
6,the imposition of emotion on the obvious content, the acting of a theatrical tone
1,Cold dance
1,This movie is
1,adjustment of scores
1,He's like a Korean beggar.
1,Korean nerd
1,I can't be more popular than the Titanic, so I'll lower it
6,Huh... Are these typical middle-class movies surpassing Titanic these days?
1,I didn't watch the movie, but there are so many Alba color Wheesung. Is Naver grade working now?
6,To be honest, it's too cliche. Obvious. +A little boredom.
1,It's not fun. I've never seen a movie like this before
3,In moderation.
1,....what kind of part-timer...
1,There are too many part-timers...
1,I give you 1 point because of the unconscionable part-timers.I'm going to promote it so that you don't watch it anywhere else
1,a garbage can
4,It's kind of unfortunate. It's kind of boring
1,Different kind of...
1,Why are you calling me a civil servant out of the blue?
1,I hate part-timers.
1,Honestly, it's just an elementary school movie. It's bland and childish
1,It makes me realize the existence of a GPA part-timer.It's not really a movie with a rating of 9 points
4,It's so obvious!
1,This is called forced emotion.I don't understand the rating.
4,I saw him a few days ago. I don't know if this is touching...Don't trust me too much.
6,It wasn't that fun.
5,I looked at the ratings.It's a forced movie.It is the limitation of Korean movies, however, it is childish
5,The subject matter, the actors' acting is great. But the director's ability is very poor. Boredom, emotional appeal
1,9.30 Are you kidding me?Oh, my God. Get out of here
1,The height of forced emotion...
1,There is really a rating part-time job. A movie that made me realize it.Don't ever be fooled
1,I saw the rating and got tricked.
1,Two people got a discount and watched it for 4,000 won. It was a waste of 4,000 won. A Korean movie that lacked 98 percent
1,No more part-time jobs
1,A movie to eat
5,It was touching, but it was too obvious and I think it was a fitting ceremony. neither good nor bad
3,The eggs are beating. You're busy raising the ratings Please give us a review of the movie
1,Ah.. boring movie..
1,Your part-time job is gone.the worst movie ever
1,It's a movie that's too precious to give stars and spots. Boredom is the best.jpg
1,After watching this movie, I believed that Naver has a part-time job, too. 9 points?That's ridiculous.
3,I thought it was more than I expected, but it was obvious A preview is enough.
1,Ah, the rating is so high.My part-time job is really bad.Oh, it's really not fun.
1,Your part-time job is too much
1,Korean movies are like this...How can you only make movies?I'm sick of it
1,I make an ID for the part-timers and give them 10 points, so I make an ID and give 1 point.
1,Stop it, part-timers. How can it be the same as when I was in the national team?
1,Judging from the rating evaluation, it seems clear that there is a part-time job. It's a rating-rigging movie, Crossing.
1,Rating: One Two Gerard Evra
1,The rating... I don't think this is right
4,-_ - I'm so touched. . Sleepy... They are so bad at acting.;;
1,A World Cup special film for part-time jobs by part-timers.
6,I watched this movie at the premiere and came to see some reviews, but the expert rating is right. You really have a part-time job.
1,A World Cup special film for part-time jobs by part-timers.
1,I like it. Is this fun?Do you have eyes?ㅉㅉ
1,Movie part-timers exist.
4,You can't put Hiddink anywhere. below expectations
1,The best part-time rating movie to succeed the national team.
1,a ruined crop
6,I wanted to be touched.Hah!
1,I didn't like... I said it was really touching, but... 9.41 is a bit off.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,I dozed off because of the obvious story.Disappointed! It would be better to see the national team again
1,Ah really... That's a waste of my money
1,Phew... I regret it when I see it
6,It's worth watching after the middle. The composition and story is not good until the middle. It's fun, but it's disappointing
1,I thought it was Boo because it was a real story. Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
1,I can't believe I can only make this out of this material
1,나쁘지 않은데요
5,I guess I don't like the earth
6,It wasn't natural, but it was just worth seeing, with some contrived impressions and attempts to draw laughter
4,It's touching, but it's not funny
1,I've been bored all along, worst movie ever, Alba is disgusting
1,NAVER's rating is so bad that you can easily find out if it's an Al-Ban or not by clicking on the ID
1,Let's not be moved by this cliche
1,It's obvious that you don't have to watch a movie where you hire a part-time job and raise your rating. The highest score among all the movies
1,-.-;;ㅡ.ㅡ;;
1,Part-time job. Come on. - I'll give you one for part-time job
1,What a waste of money
5,A movie that lacked 2% of everything.
3,an unflappable development, a sloppy finish I was really looking forward to it, but I'm disappointed. Park Wheesoon's acting is not good either.
5,To be honest, it was very boring.It's an emotional movie, so it's a rating of six to seven.
1,Barefoot is Ki-bong
6,It's not that high.My boyfriend fell asleep watching...
1,Are you kidding me? Score?
1,It's really fun
1,The whole time I watched a childish movie, it was so cringe-worthy that I couldn't stand it
1,I really enjoyed watching Korean movies
1,The best movie ever
1,"Between Love and Friendship
2,Boring feeling from the beginning of the movie.. It wasn't that touching... It was a waste to watch it at the movie theater ㅠㅠㅠ
5,This rating is a little exaggerated. I saw it in person, and it's touching, but it's boring.
1,the best movie
1,It's been a while since I followed my friend and slept soundly
1,It was so boring that I was walking out and half of the people were sleeping.
1,Oh, my. Korean movies like OO are rated before the movie is released
1,I strongly recommend this movie. The part-timers are really
1,The drama has no ups and downs and the main character has no conflicts
1,It's obvious what part-timers write, so study more
1,I think 7 to 8 points would be enough. I looked at the ratings. That wasn't very much.
1,It wasn't good. I kind of feel like the East Timor national team. The best movie in Korea is Seven Days, Harmony
1,What is this movie like XXX? Eliminating part-time jobs...
1,It's fun
1,elimination of part-time jobs
1,To be honest, it's about 7 points, but 1 point because of the part-time job
1,These days, everyone gives a generous rating Please give me 10 points for a 10-point movie
5,If you click on the ID of the people who gave you 10 points, there is only one movie review.All the part-timers...
1,Let's stop part-timers ^^
6,It's touching
1,Well, it's not this high.
1,I almost cried because I felt sorry when I told my boyfriend to go watch it even if it was not fun.
2,How can a part-timer curse at a part-timer? It's 10 points for both. Why are you cursing at the bottom?
6,The joints are not smooth. There are moments when I'm touched, but I'm sad that it doesn't connect naturally.
4,How much are the part-timers paid here? I'm really curious. NAVER isn't good
6,It's a calm and comfortable movie
1,It's such a waste of time last nightI really want to give a minus~~
6,I can't believe the score. It's such a boring movie. A good synopsis, but an example of bad production
1,I don't like it
1,It's very educational.New Year's Eve
1,a cheap drama aimed at a World Cup special
