인생
4,To talk about this movie, you should first read the original work of the original 'Life is Living - The Peripheral Writer'. The above writer showed how communism can make a family hard. However, the movie simply shows a simple and beautiful story that flows over time. The novel I read showed our lives that we feel joy and anger even in desperation. You, who read the review, write down the review with a desperate desire to read the novel and feel the stark joys and sorrows rather than just watching the movie and writing down the ratings.
1,The communist red brainwashing movie is scary...
1,Just a film criticizing communism. It's meaningful that they created a spirituality that criticized their country under the communist regime, and the level of the movie itself is just a joke. Jang Ye-mo. I was so excited to see how amazing she was when she praised me. I think I'd rather watch the least interesting Middle East movie ever. I don't recommend my evaluation unless it's for studying Chinese modern history
6,I recommend reading a book after watching a movie, but I will be very disappointed if I read a book and watch a movie. Even if she directed it...That's how great the book is
1,Regret of Yu Hua-tai People in Dairy Industry of Chemical Group
6,Don't let life pass.
1,Hello. Because of this, former CEO Park said,
1,Chinese movies are not fun.
1,The axiom was impressive, but I can't help being bored
6,Ddubang Ddubang Pavol of Book 93 level
5,NAVER's plot is crazy
5,a half-life that is solved with moderation
6,A lot of people recommended it, so I watched it and it was just whatever
5,Frankly, there is a loose end. It's too much to watch with a friend
5,The lives of the people who become impoverished as China becomes communist. It's a movie about the sad life and sorrow of the people.Why does communism leave the people with a track of pain and sorrowful life wherever they go and where roots fall?
5,I had to leave my body to the flow of the times to be active
6,It's a story that suits Korean taste, but it's a very boring and boring movie. Watch it at double the speed.
6,There were no works or impressions that showed modern Chinese history. Gongli comes out pretty
1,I don't know the love of my parents' children. Would it be happiness for my children to give birth to their own self and continue their children for generations?
1,I can't understand the score... Life is but an empty dream.
1,I regretted it after I saw it  -_-;;;;; not a movie to praise
1,Why is Hyoja-dong's rating higher than that of the barber? I want to give you 6 points, but to lower the rating,
1,It's just plain. I don't understand why the ratings are so high.
