포드 V 페라리
10,
8,Great passion for victory!
10,I should have watched it at the movie theater.
4,It looks like a movie that only siphons American capital and America too much. Some Ferrari comes out like a villain. The two makers were the biggest competitors at the time, but they made a distant Ferrari like a villain? I don't think it would be this boring if I had half the competition between the best teams and players in Cyber Formula. It's not fun if I'm just going to watch the actors
10,A movie about a pure man who loved cars so much
10,It was the best time to run with Chairman Ford on board
10,
10,A movie that would be fun for men
10,
10,I lost track of time
10,It's just fun  Strongly recommend
10,A movie that makes your heart feel grand...
10,It's music, learning, video, and just a masterpiece today ㅠㅠ
10,I think it's a movie where you can see the passion of automobile maniacs at that time. I envy people who know what they want to do quickly and live
9,I just play it casually and get a masterpiece. I knew that Mustang's Shelby was a man, but...Mustang Shelby gt. Anyway... Enjoying it
10,Even if I watch a movie after a long time,
10,
10,Christian Bale dies at the end
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,It's a masterpiece. A movie that showed the tyranny of a big company!Ken Miles, who sadly died... May he rest in peace.
6,Getting angry after watching a movie that's hard to watch until the end because it's annoying
10,It's a movie that makes you immersed in 7,000 rpm
10,My heart is getting grand~~
10,Among the movies I watched recently, it is one of the five best movies.
10,Even if you're not interested in cars, you're good at directing a fun movie. The story is really fun
10,I felt that going to the movie theater was a really good choice.
8,I don't think that's a good rating ㅠ
10,The movie that I regret the most that I didn't see at the movie theater
10,Batman, Punisher and Jason Bourne are a team.
10,
7,Capital is the ultimate winner in this era.
9,Acting story, touching story, everything
8,I don't know if Ford won the race, but it feels like Ferrari won
9,I was happy watching the movie because I was nervous and excited
2,That's... Oh, that's
10,It's been a while since I saw my heart explode. It's the best
10,I thought the running time was 75 minutes
10,A movie that makes you feel bitter and sad after watching it. A movie that is tense, fun, and realistic. Is that why it's more bitter?
10,If the content of the film is true, I can understand why Ford is such a car
10,a thriller masquerading as a drama
6,I don't understand the vice president or childish behavior. It doesn't seem realistic. I don't understand it and it's not fun
4,If you get hit three times, you're not a good person, you're a pushover
4,It's a movie that makes you mad when you watch it until the end
10,It's perfect. It's really fun.
10,It's a movie that shows how cool it is to put energy into something passionately
10,Matt Damon, Christian Bale's overwhelming acting skills are, in other words, nagging. On top of that, the image quality and speed are overwhelmingly high. In addition to the grand sound production, the movie itself is a great movie, but it is the best movie made by adding a great storytelling method and a racing movie that can be boring
7,The racing scene was very tense and great, but it also has a low delivery and loose side.
9,FXXING 사진
9,
10,It's really well-made  There's no need to talk about actingGoo! Woo! S!
10,Christian Bale is four years younger than Matt Damon, but Ken Miles is five years older than Carol Shelby.
10,I wonder if I can find Ken Miles' pure passion.The story of a person who has been dead for more than 50 years left a deep impression.
10,It's a real story movie, but the main character Christian Bale is dead and heartbreaking
10,A movie that shows what suction power only a true story can show.
10,That's so cool!ㅔ
10,The story of two passionate people who lived hotter than the engine of a car running at 7000 RPM
10,The movie I want to show Carol Shelby and Ken Miles in the sky
10,a career-setting film
10,
8,
10,Everything is perfect, especially the racing production was impressively immersed.
8,At first, Matt Damon was cool, but more and more Christian Bale looked cool.
10,Ford All About American Capitalism
9,In the movie, he could have made Ken Miles number one or made it up with the fictional setting that he lived happily without being killed in an accident. But by not doing so, the movie's message was highlighted and the lingering imagery was thickened.
10,Why is Ferrari a Ferrari?
10,I didn't expect much from the movie
8,
10,During the movie, I cheered for Ken Miles, not Ford
8,Run, and win or lose
10,The best movie ever, racing, story, and touching, is the best movie that I regret not watching this movie in the theater
9,Especially a movie that reminds me of Christian Bale's acting skills. The bass sound in the beginning was addictive, and it's a movie that even people who don't know about cars can watch. Because it's a true story, Christian Bale's character dies so absurdly at the end. In the scene where he came in with two Ford cars, Christian Bale looked really happy, so I felt emotional, but it was even sad to learn that another Ford player took the first place. I recommend a movie that's not touching.
8,I'm sorry I didn't see you at the theater
10,He's definitely the best racing movieIt's better than LUSH!!!
2,America hates Italy, but the real enemy was inside ~
6,It was good just to kill time. The racing video was cool, but it wasn't fun or touching.
9,
10,The enemy is always inside...
8,I enjoyed watching it. The true story is also impressive.
10,Somewhere at 7000 rpm. peep into Ferrari's spirit through Ford
10,It's fun and touching.
10,a sense of moving speed
9,a movie to watch at a movie theater
10,The story of craftsmen who run louder than anyone else but enjoy a lonely fight more than anyone else
10,Wow, I don't like driving a car, so I watch this long movie in an instant, and at the end, I write a review with tears in my eyes. To the last exhaust, perfect.
10,The combination of Met Damon and Bale does not disappoint me.
7,An unexpected movie that hits Americans in the back of their heads.
10,I didn't know how two and a half hours passed. The best time-lost movie ever. Too bad Ken Miles doesn't live long.
10,It's so much fun
10,I saw the famous Damon coming out in the movie, and he's so emotional and trying.
10,I watched it belatedly. I'm glad I got to know this movie. The person who watched the movie is the winner.
10,152 minutes passed so quickly.
9,I watched movies that were smashed by fancy computer graphics and watched calm movies after a long time, which are much more interesting and memorable than those movies.
10,It's a movie that anyone who's worked in a split mind and body can't help but cry
10,Don't worry about it. Just watch it All girls and boys don't have to know. It's so much fun
8,This feeling of being overwhelmed by your heart!
10,It is really touching and life movie.
8,Focusing on the original story of the race, the immersion itself was really great.
4,The rating is too high
6,It is difficult to understand without prior background knowledge. Cultural differences between the United States and Europe at that time. A movie that is boring if you don't know the car racer culture.
10,A movie that I'm so glad to see in the theater. It's a relief that I saw it twice.
10,I saw his pure passion and majestic end.
10,The best movie is really fun
10,
1,The overall rating seems to be too high, so give it a low score.
7,The engine of the car changes and the design of the car changes depending on the mindset of the person behind the wheel, rather than the importance of a company that produces a large number of cars. Ford wasn't the winner from the start to the end of the contest. Throughout the movie, I was hoping Ken Miles would win the competition in a Ferrari car.
10,You don't think I know nothing about cars? You don't like cars? This isn't about cars.The role of the person sitting in the position of CEO in the management of the company.And a role in what the aides do.It was a movie that poured passion into the dream of conversation between the people who went through the process.
10,It's my first time rating. It's a touching and touching movie. It feels like we're on a page of history together!
10,It was a fantasy. Who are you?
10,Matt Damon, the heartthrob, when he starts his engine, it's so meaningful to be calm
10,Ken Miles = Christian Bale His smile never goes out of my head. It's an unbelievable true story that makes me wonder if I've ever had such a heart-fluttering experience in recent years. A masterpiece of acting that is full of emotions, joy, sadness, and lingering emotions
10,I can't believe I'm finally watching this at home. My heart is about to explode. It's so lost track of time.
10,This movie is the best movie of my life
10,I went to see Christian Bale and Matt Damon, but I couldn't see them for a moment in the movie.
2,It's okay, but it's not the kind of movie that's immersive and lost track of time.Whether it's a comment part-timer or Ford salesmen writing comments... Even though I like to drive, there are some boring things in between.
9,I saw it because it was nominated for an Oscar, and it was really fun. It was a bit burdensome because it was 2 hours and 30 minutes long, but I lost track of time. I had a lot of fun. It still lingers
10,Matt Damon is a great actor
7,If I can run,
10,A movie that touched even the people who don't know about cars!
10,It's fun, but the vice president really bothered me
10,I don't regret it.Look at it for yourself.I'm touched. The acting is real.I was so into it
8,
8,A true-life movie about racing that has no dramatic scenes but is not boring
10,Everything was really perfect. It's a perfect movie that you can't get enough of it.It was so fun and exciting. I'm glad to see you at the movie theater
10,"I'm happy," he was a happy man.
10,It's a really big movie I strongly recommend it!
10,It's so much fun. I just watched the movie and it feels like my heart is opening up  I really need to look at it over and over again.
10,
10,James Mangold, director of this kind of movie? I really enjoyed watching it.
10,At least for me, 7,000 rpm was more memorable than I love you 3000 in Endgame
5,I really enjoyed watching Rush the Rival, but I think the focus is on something else than racing focusing. The ending was good
10,
10,No words needed. Best movie ever
10,It smelled like a masterpiece.
10,This movie has the best engine sound.
10,
10,I don't dare to watch Korean movies. A wonderful masterpiece based on historical true stories surrounding Ford and Ferrari!
9,The pure passion that I wanted to achieve.
10,I've lost track of time. Everything is the best
10,a must-have film
10,I really want to kill the vice president's color
10,There's a mole somewhere at 7000 RPM
10,Maybe it's because I like cars, but I really enjoyed it
8,Both cars and people have the same heart.
10,Matt Damon, Christian Bale, bursting engine noise.
10,I'm a big fan of Matt Damon   I really like Matt Damon   Matt Damon's movie that I really enjoyed watching at Ford V Ferrari. If you haven't watched it, make sure to watch it   I strongly recommend Christian Vale     I wish Ken Miles had been alive ㅠㅠI'm so sad after the movie, I was spaced out for a while ㅠㅠ
10,I don't know anything about cars, but even if I don't know what RPM is, it's just go go!^^
10,A movie that's crazy if you're a car dealer
9,I got in trouble for sweating on my hands for 2 minutes and 30 seconds
10,It's touching! It's my favorite movie
10,The sound of the engine is so touching
10,a legendary work of legendI don't understand and regret that the box office performance and recognition are low compared to the quality of the work.
8,Ferrari lost but won.
9,The acting, directing, and script are all good.
10,Endless passion for speed!
10,It is a movie that can be felt properly only by looking at the big screen and sound of the movie theater. In the end, it is a movie for the last race, but the previous story production for various emotions that can be felt in the game is not boring. I could feel the coach's ability. Especially, the sound should really go to the movie theater. I hope it'll be re-released.
10,
10,
8,I can't believe you're telling such a predictable story, so tense. Now you're gonna have to trust Christian Bale's real life
10,The tension of the racing and the overall production and story composition are well organized.
10,
10,It's probably the best movie I've ever seen
10,It's a great movie that combines speed, passion, and emotion.
10,I watched it at the theater and at home I want to learn from Can Miles' innocence, which is a movie that's so fun and lingers in my mind If I had to pick one movie out of all the movies I've seen, I'd be confident about it! The actors are so good. The friendship between the two guys is so cool. It's a happy movie that makes me want to run in a race
10,Ken Miles...crying
9,
10,I want to compliment the sound the most. The fluctuating beat sends shivers through the body.
9,It's Ford Discharges.
10,
10,The whole time I watched it, I was so thrilled.Wow, two and a half hours flew by! Christian Bale, Matt Damon's performances were all great, not to mention.
10,I went to the countryside to see my friend, and my life on the way home as soon as I saw the movie was legendary
10,Honey Jaeam!
10,From the beginning to the end of the movie, it passes like Ken Miles' gallop. I show respect for his passion.
10,The most beautiful racing music video and drama in my life
10,a masterpiece that can't let go of the suspense every moment
10,This is why Ford can't do Ferrari lol
10,It's so much fun. It relieves my stress
9,I enjoyed watching it.
8,
10,I used to go to the bathroom when I was in a hurry to watch a movie, but I didn't want to miss the story, so I held it in and watched it
1,Too much seaweed
7,
8,It's a true story, but I hope it ended well. .ㅜㅜ
10,I enjoyed the movie.Thank you.
2,The movie is perfect, so I think 99 percent would be fun, but I'm one of the ones that I don't enjoy...
7,Predictable development, racing scene less tense, honestly no fun Actor is too boring Sleepy
10,
7,Why did I see this because I don't like cars. The hot race is contrary to the cold atmosphere unique to the director. I'm not very impressed by the lack of empathy from the car company.
10,I heard it's fun, so I watched it. It's my favorite
9,
10,Interesting, good acting, lots of things to see ~
10,
10,Christian Bale's acting was the best. A movie that will never disappoint.Make sure to watch it.
9,It was a true story, and I could see the philosophy and passion of luxury car Ferrari and popular American car Ford, and the powerful engine sound made my heart beat.
9,Ford did Ford...
10,This movie is a legend in the automobile movie world. But how can there be no audience?
10,I found my favorite movie!
10,It was the best It's always like that. It was really impressive.
8,OOO's pods!!!
10,This is a movie that needs chicken. ^^ It's
10,Why didn't I see this movie in the movie theater?
10,A movie that was very interesting.
10,As expected of my actor Christian Bale, by the way, I want to kill Bibi a Ford bully
1,No fun. I don't know what's so funny. The movie is so boring because it's 3 hours and I thought it was an hour long run at the end.
8,Shelby's line "Hello" is probably a Korean designer among Shelby's team members.
10,Once again, Ford is one of the top five films of his life that imprints why he is Ferrara.
10,It's a great movie.
10,It's a movie with a story that shakes people's hearts, it shakes with hot racing, and it shakes with Ken's Paysos, and it's more of a true story.How is this for real ㅜㅜ
10,Time really flies Movies
10,ㅜㅜ Miles is loyal, but you're a bunch of bad guys!
9,It's worth seeing...
10,I want to see you at the theater Please re-release it
10,The title of the movie, the flow of the movie, and the confrontation between Ford and Ferrari, but the reality was Ford vs. Ford. the most moving movie
10,Over 7000 rpm, everything fades, and only the body and mind float in space and time. I envy the two lucky men who loved and enjoyed something to the limit. It is an action movie that is beautifully carved from the roar of the engine, skid noise, action, and the good performance of the actors.
10,The best car movie, needless to say, is a great reenactment.
10,This movie was so much fun that I watched it three times while renting it for two days
10,A movie in which a woman who doesn't know ka loves cars
10,
10,I'm not a person who is interested in cars or racing, but I was surprised when I found out that this movie was more than two hours long. The main part, the racing scene, was really colorful and thrilling, so I watched it with my fists clenched and held my breath, and I think the sound of effects and directing played a big role. The passion of the two men, the most important characters in the movie, was really impressive, and the actors' performances were very good. And the final ending is honestly a little empty, but I think it's a pretty good ending because it leaves a big impression.
10,It's fun and fun. It's fun and fun
9,Bale and Damon's perfect acting. The calm atmosphere was good
10,I dare to say that I'm going to make a mark on a car movie
10,
10,Good. It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,2 hours and 30 minutes of long running time is unbelievable
1,Such a good movie was ruined by its rubbish script and directing story structure. The writers and directors are incompetent, so I don't want you to work in the movie business again.
8,Good
9,The best racing movie I've ever seen... Only the person who saw it will know how it feels at the end of the second half
10,
9,I didn't know it was a true story. Still, I enjoyed watching it. The reason why the story line was a true story was hidden. Not all situations are exciting and developing quickly, but considering that it is a true story, I can feel that it was made really well. Of course, except for that, the production, acting, and story are great. However, it should be considered that the tempo is slow.
10,The best movie of my life ♡ I don't really enjoy watching it, but it's amazing Maybe re-release it as Dolby Cinema
10,I regret not watching it at the theater when it was released ㅠㅠ It was the best
9,Life's emptiness, emptiness, (+the bitter image of our society where people just become consumables in front of huge wealth, but it's not wrong, so I can't say anything about it.) A movie that captures reality. A movie that makes you really immersed in the ending. Amazing acting.
10,2 hours and 30 minutes?
10,I didn't expect much, but I found an impressive movie. I was amazed by the acting skills of all the actors. Make sure to watch it. You won't regret it!There's a sad scene at the end. Watch out for tears
10,You really made a good movie I watched it after it was re-released. I think it's the national rule that the water above is always rotten
10,Excellent. Ken and Shelby are both masters
10,It's so nice
10,Christian Bale Matt Damon, I don't need any more words
10,The vanity created by excessive bureaucracy is tantamount to cancer of the organization.
10,
10,After watching this movie, I decided not to buy a Ford car
10,
10,I asked my wife to watch it with me.My wife was playing with her phone and I was watching it alone.I was immersed in the movie by myself, but my wife was watching it before I knew it.He said he didn't see me in the beginning and he wanted to see me again.I watched it twice in one room.Oh... Even if I watch it twice, it's the best
10,
10,It was so much fun. To the point where I wanted to go see it in person. The conflict between the chairmen was fun. The director was not a director for no reason. They were so good at acting
10,This is the movie of my life
10,Make sure to watch it. I don't know if I've ever been that crazy about something...
10,
10,
10,the greatest film of the 21st century
10,It was a thrilling movie every time I watched it, but it was even more surprising after it was released with a better sound
10,a movie about a car race
10,Umbok-dong Chewy Top Compatible LOL
10,So funny and Christian Bale is always right
8,Vice President, what the hell are you... It makes me feel that I should never work like the main character
10,After the movie, the real movie begins.
8,The racing version of Bohemian Rhapsody
8,I gave it to the dog. This is real. ㅠㅠ
10,It's my first time watching a car racing movie, but it's really well made
10,It's a great movie with a solid story and two actors' acting beyond perfection.
4,A movie that felt like promoting the power of capital.the true nature of American imperialism
10,This movie is more interesting if you know a little bit about Ford and Ferrari's history!Time flies so fastI really enjoyed watching it.
10,If you don't need words, please watch it
10,It's a masterpiece that came out after Parasite and Joker
10,Really... No need for words...I think it's my first time watching a movie while shaking like this. I was watching it at home, holding a cup in one hand and holding a bucket in the other. I thought the laptop absorbed my face. I was going to turn it on at 4am and go to sleep. It's 6:30am right now. It was really, really great. I think both actors will be fans. I really want to watch it in 4dxㅠㅠ 나중에 Please re-release it later ㅠㅠ
10,Salespeople who made profits through the consideration of field workers
10,Wow!
9,When I think about it after the movie, it was all expected and an ordinary story, but during the time in the movie theater, I was so out of it that I watched it while cheering. I'm so into it. I'm glad I watched it at the theater.
10,Christian Vale's "Real" acting skills are amazing
9,It was a movie where I could feel the speed after a long time
8,It's worth seeing. Good
10,
10,The globe, the globe, the globe
8,The movie was good, but I feel uncomfortable being fooled by the sexy title.
10,To sum up in a word, *life movie*
8,It's bitter because it's based on a true story, but it's a very refreshing and fun movie
10,ENGENE's sound is crazy. It's a masterpiece
10,As expected, I enjoyed watching the actor I trusted.
10,As soon as the movie was over, I wanted to watch it from the beginning again
10,Christian Bale
10,A movie that makes your heart beat just by the sound of an engine
6,4DX in theaters allows you to enjoy it more vividly
10,A great movie. I should've seen it at the theater
10,
10,Matt Damon, how are you?
9,A story about a point that cannot be reached by capital alone. A brief story that eventually reached the point where it did not change despite three overcomeings.
9,A film that pays tribute to Ferrari by pretending to illuminate Ford in the event he won.
10,A long history of kkondae.
10,Henry Ford, the symbol of capitalism, and Enzo Ferrari, the father-in-law of the automobile, continue the drama and car action in the midst of the confrontation between the two giants. Needless to say, the actors' performances are perfect
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,My heart stopped beating when I was robbed first.
10,I watched it at the theater and bought it through NAVER Movie.I will watch it again. I really enjoyed it because I like cars.
7,
10,
1,I hope it wasn't that good. Actually, it's better than 1 point, but I gave 1 point because the ratings were too high
10,It's been a while since I was immersed in the director's directing, story, visual beauty, and actors' acting skills.
9,The sound of the car is amazing
10,(Crying)
10,The story of two men's beliefs in a big business fight... was fleeting
10,Make sure you watch it. It wasn't boring and I was sad and it was a great movieThe last... It's a true story, so you probably know the ending
10,I met a proper car movie after a long time. This is a movie that needs to be watched over and over again!!!
4,The story is plain, perhaps because it is a true story. But that dry simplicity is all.
10,Chungmuro: How do you film this?
7,The story of Ford beating Ferrari in Le Mans
10,It's a movie that captures the original human instinct for speed!It was the most fun movie I've seen recently!
10,a movie that made my heart race until the end
9,It's really thrilling and well-made. a movie beyond the likes and dislikes of genre
6,It's been pretty boring, but the public evaluation is perfect. I guess I'm not the mainstream
10,Gladiators exploding at 7000 RPM. I loved the combination of Matt Damon and Christian Bale. I don't know a thing about cars, but I'm sure you'll go crazy watching this movie just as we feel excitement even though we don't know a thing about football.
9,The veil is so skinny that when it comes out on the poster...I guess it's the role of ectopic bone marrow
7,I don't really... What's wrong with you?
8,It was a bit boring during the long running time, but overall, it is a great movie.
10,
10,I should have seen it in the theater. I want to see it again
10,
10,I didn't know my Korean would pop out. A movie that tells you why modern Ford is behind Ferrari...
9,
10,It was spectacular, but it was so much fun
10,Even in the long running time, the acting, visual beauty, and tension will remain one of my life's movies, and Matt Damon's one more time
10,It's the best. It's my first time leaving a comment
10,I loved the ending part
10,It's not a movie to watch. It's a must-see movie
1,I've been so upset since we joined the Jongna game together. So that's what you're talking about? Are you saying that ordinary people are in the palm of the elite no matter how raw they are? It's OO
1,A very ordinary movie. Reflect on the part-timers who are giving you 10 points. It's a movie where you can get an average of 1 point.
8,It's so nice. It's so good
10,The scene of the race, which runs a dangerous race while driving a car made with the best technology, raises tension and shows warm humanity even as the two main characters are in conflict. The protagonist's appearance of continuing the challenge with ambition gives fresh shock and stimulation to those who are weak and seek comfort.
10,It's a true story, so it lingers in my mind.
2,H. I hate Ford. What's wrong with the leader? Ken Miles is such a waste of talent. I'm more passionate
6,
10,I regret not watching it at the theater If you're thinking about whether to watch or not, make sure to watch it The long running time is strong enough to last for a short time!
10,Even after the movie, I felt emotional.a film that reveals why Ford isn't making any progress
10,Stupid Ford. Lost a great engineer and driver. Use it when you need it and pay for it. I don't have eyes for people. That's why I can't even get near the Ferrari. The movie itself was so good, but I was more angry, angry, upset, and sad because the ending was real. A much greater man than a movie. Ken Miles, don't forget.
10,
1,You pretended to be proud of yourself, but you finally gave in to the money, didn't
8,I thought it was a boring documentary movie, but it was a non-fiction movie that lost track of time
10,We all know who's the winner
10,My wife doesn't know how 2 hours and 40 minutes passed. She says it's boring Hah!
10,I felt a moment of excitement.
7,Selfish and manipulative executives, the results represent the current positions of Ford and Ferrari. Ford's Leo was especially annoying throughout the movie. 7000 RPM The place where I meet you, the ending is so sad.
10,Remember Can Miles
10,I can't watch Korean movies anymore.
10,It is a movie that will meet expectations as much as high ratings. It would have been better if I watched it at the theater. It's a bit disappointing to watch it on TV at home
9,One of the movies that you'd regret if you hadn't seen it in theaters, the movie that made you become a Cha-deok, but not Cha-deok, and the next most impressive movie you saw in 2019 after Parasite, Avengers, and Joker!
10,It's so much funI'm not good at focusing on movies, but in the end, my blood pressure went up and I thought I was going to die, but if it's really fun...The sound was no joke when I was racing. The director was so funny. I was so mad
7,Wouldn't he have regretted his choice even if he had died early?
9,Hang in there! Hang in there!
10,더할 나위 없이 좋아요.
7,Before watching the movie, I didn't even know that such a huge racing competition existed. It's a really ignorant competition, and it feels really transcendent to race 24 hours a day. First of all, the movie was not much fun, but it was worth watching. The story is somewhat predictable but gives a cool feeling. Did Ford's image get better or worse through this movie? I think I'm the latter.
1,I wondered why the movie was so childish, but it was a 12-year-old movie. James Mangold was heavily interfered with by Disney, apparently, when the production company changed from Fox to Disney during production. So at the beginning of the movie, when a customer at Ken's garage said, "The customer is the best in America," Ken said, "Yeah, it's totally nonsense," adding a scene that symbolizes sarcastic Disney. Frankly Rush: More boring than rivals.
10,Ford bad guys. ㅠㅠ Ken Miles was so cool, and Christian Bale, who played Miles, was so cool
10,For movies with good happy endings and movies where the main character is not the first place, we should break the prejudice like sweet potatoes. We should evaluate the movie based on the content, quality, and completeness of the movie.
10,
8,What Ford of the U.S. used to do in the 60s is used by Hyundai of Korea as a performance brand N in the 2020s. As the underdeveloped country is now worth living in, its uniqueness is unique, so socialist red people are running to 7000 RPM in South America.
8,It's a bit boring, but it's a bit unfriendly, and it's a bit immersive.
9,The movie that was really fun movie. James Mangold has become a trustworthy manager since Logan. Christian Bale and Matt Damon's acting was good, especially Christian Bale, who was in sync with the real person.
10,Wow! It's been a long time since I've written my GPA
10,It's the best movie of my life.If you haven't seen it, please watch it
10,The mind of the management shows the current location of the two companies.I really lost track of time
10,Why is it so thrilling that it is the only U.S. car to win Le Mans?It's the best.
8,Sometimes there are movies that are meaningless if you don't watch them in the theater.
10,
10,
10,Those who don't watch regret it.
10,I'm scared the whole time I'm watching it, I'm scared and I can't stop feeling sad ㅜㅜ I'm so upsetㅜㅜㅜ
10,It's fun. It's fun. It's fun
10,I really don't watch movies with cars and robots, but if I didn't watch this, I would have regretted it.It has touching elements, funny and refreshing things. Make sure to watch it
10,I can't imagine how the racers would feel when I watch the movie.Bale hyung who acted this perfectly...I love you. It's one of the best movies of 2019 Please watch it
10,It may not be fun for people who are not interested in cars, but it is fun for people who are interested in cars
10,It's no different than a con man or a loser to manipulate in a world of competition and make them play the script as if they were directors  Shelby and Miles, who demonstrated the joy of passionate processes rather than results, are the true winners and happiness
9,The driver's friendship is more important than the confrontation with Lerari, and the racing is more of a licorice
8,Somewhere at 7000 rpm, everything fades.
10,It's divided into layers. So 10 points.
2,No. Ha. Really. OO. What am I supposed to do?Even if it's a true story, I get so annoyed that I get scolded by my mom for cursing while watching the movie.I want to smack Bibi for ssam
9,I really had to pee, but I was holding onto it. I was going to close my eyes and go out, but I couldn't
9,I watched it while being sucked into the screen. Even if it's not 4D, I can feel the thrill. I watched it without knowing how time went by
9,It's a little disappointing that the tension of the production will cover the trite story.
8,the gallop of dreams, hopes, and ambitions
10,That's great. The acting, directing, racing, everything was perfect.
7,I heard it's a true story, but it's well made.
9,The storyline that you can fully understand and enjoy even if you are not a car enthusiast, and the details that you can enjoy more deeply
9,Except for the boring early stories, it was perfect
9,
9,The story of wonderful men who do what they love with conviction! Christian Bale is the best!
10,
10,Please watch it at the theater f1 Experience fighting is possible
10,I really enjoyed watching Ford v Ferrari! You're also interested in cars. I cursed because I was watching while cooling off the sweat on my palms throughout the running time
10,Did the people who gave 1 point watch the movie? The story is that you don't understand the Korean language, and the people who say the story is weird, please because this movie is based on a true story. So please don't say anything.
10,Is it a hit-and-run movie? L
10,You don't need to say anything. Just watch
10,It's funny, but Ford's anti-movie lol Management asked the top authorities to report the trash directly to the top authorities and made him the general manager of racing - a classy American bird.talents
10,My two favorite actors got a star rating. 5. Matt Damon, hello. What is it? I love it
8,It's an homage to Jung Woo Sung. When the speed reaches its peak, the world calms down and gets sucked into a single dot, but you can't get through that vanishing point, so you get farther and farther away (feat. 7000 rpm)
10,It's the first time I've seen it in theaters
9,That's not good. This movie...
10,Perfect score for Christian Bale's acting
10,When I saw it for the first time, it was so boring, complicated, and boring that I only watched the beginning of the movie,But I watched it again because people said it was so fun. The second time, I was thrilled all over.Well, the first thing I saw was...It was translated into subtitles...
8,It's fun, but my ears hurt
10,Sweaty type 1 normal world... cool... crazy...
9,It's really well made. Everything is perfect
9,After watching this movie, Christian Bale crossed Leo and became my favorite actor. But I felt sorry for the end, so I got 9 points ㅜㅜ
8,I think I enjoyed watching the racing movie the most.
6,It wasn't as fun as I thought. I almost fell asleep. But I think it's worth watching at least once
8,The actors' passionate acting stood out
10,Even though the drama is heavily added, the immersion is great so that it is not boring. It is a realistic racing scene that feels like watching it on the spot and also shows the dark side of society. Despite the long running time, the narrative based on the true story resonates deeply as it reaches the end. I am happy to see a high-quality work that has satisfied both the public and critics.
10,Ford was ahead in the title, but the last winner was Ferrari.Does passion and sincerity for cars connect with each other, leaving the country and the company?It was cool to see Ferrari CEO recognizing Ken Miles after the race.
8,The drama-like story of two men who made history
10,
10,It's one of the best movies of my life. It's not a Ford v Ferrari, it's a Ford v Ford vibe, and I realize more why the Ferrari is the best car.
9,The RPM of fun is slowly going up!Action, thrill, bromance, family, fellowship, America, and pain points run with the brakes broken!!!
10,I should have seen the racing scene in the movie theaterThe story was cliche, but the directing and acting were good Ford's management was rubbish under chairman
8,Funny!
1,It's an amazing movie.The story is difficult and boring, but the ending is that I ate sweet potatoes for the first time
10,I hit the door with a hammer when it was closed, but I was afraid it wouldn't open after the accident
6,Why is the current rating 9.5? Too boring. I'm a person who trusts and watches NAVER ratings because they came out as I thought. I watched 9.5 and downloaded it. If it's 7.0 or higher, I can trust it and watch it. 9.5 is a crazy score, but I don't think so.
8,In the racing scene, I could feel the speed and tension at the same time, and I saw another side of the entrepreneur. If you can't afford it, you're the best.
10,It's a good movie. Damn it. I can't sleep. Ken Miles. Selby...I'll remember you. Number one driver
9,I didn't expect much. It was so much fun
10,"Tell him it's not Henry Ford. He's Henry Ford II."It's not Steve Jobs, it's Tim Cook. Do you do business for profit or business for central pleasure?
6,The rather contrived settings are intrusive
10,Chex's wife, I want to marry a girl like that
10,
10,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!That's it.Further explanations are omitted.
6,Two Pure Minds, surrounded by empty counters, are struggling and pursuing speed only. It's unfortunate that the drama was over-inserted in the ending, but the realistic racing scene and the vivid exhaust sound alone are enough to be praised for their directing skills
9,Liaercocca is also an American from Italy, but I didn't know she cursed at the Ferrari president on a business trip to Italy. Then I got kicked out of Ford's company and went to Krisler's.
10,It's a masterpiece by BOUNCE with a heart rate of 7,000 RPM
10,Christian Bale's acting is really outstanding
10,I want to see it again. The directing and acting are crazy.
10,A movie that I watched at the theater and watched again in the middle of the movie. I want to watch it again when I watched it at the movie theater. The idea was not wrong. Even when I looked at it again, I felt the same fun and touching with the acting, story, and visual beauty of excellent actors with delicate acting. Ford vs Ferrari. Regardless of one's own interests, the world is jealous and jealous of a person being built and becoming a star. I really want to feel what 7,000 RPM is like. Everything in the world seems to have a certain area. I think I can say that I was transcendent when I crossed that line. The realm seems to meet something new. It feels like I'm one with air, feeling free and writing superpowers. I can feel what it is because I felt it while playing acrobatic and martial arts while playing soccer. It was a movie where I could feel catharsis and the thrill that was hard to feel. Excellent. Brilliant. The second memorable line I saw was, "Sometimes language feels useless."
10,It was so nice. It was nice to see it twice
8,It was a movie that would fit the expression of being sucked into the movie.By the way, Ken's wife is so pretty
10,A fascinating experience where 2 hours and 30 minutes pass like an hour. And it's fun. NR
10,
10,It's my first time getting a rating
10,
10,A movie that lacks 5 stars and 10 stars. A movie exists to make it like this.
9,I thought it was an American pong movie, but I got choked up in the scene when Ferrari gave Miles a tribute.
10,There's no other way to pretend that Christian Bale has been Christian Bale, and his character, rather than his appearance, gives him another round of applause for abandoning himself and entering the character perfectly
9,Matt Damon and Christian Bale's two-top are well worth watching, but the directing and special shooting are also great.
10,It's a movie that makes your heart race through the sound of a car and the game of truth and truthLike the movie title, I think it's more about friendship and growth between Colby and Ken than Forde Ferrari
10,My heart skipped a beat after a long time.
10,It was a movie that made me immersed throughout the whole time, OST, video beauty, and deserves applause in all aspects. It's worth keeping...
10,Why Ford couldn't keep up with the Ferrari Peninsula
10,I recommend you watch it on IMAX. You can't take Korean movies from now on. Directing, BGM, and visual beauty
10,A man's movie. A man's dream
9,Fun party
10,It was so much fun. It was touching. To be honest, it was a pity that the number of theaters was small. A movie that makes my heart explode
10,I didn't know that Sticky would be this cool in a movie
10,I didn't watch the preview because it didn't look fun. Why did you make the preview like that? I watched a movie on TV at home and it was so much fun that I couldn't watch it at the movie theater.ㅜㅜㅜ
10,It's a crazy movie. The best movie of 2019. Wow, the movie is amazing. My heart was beating all the time.
10,I found out that this movie was 2 hours and 30 minutes long
10,Empathy that there is something that can never be caught up with, even if the conditions of money and time are eliminated
9,A movie that I watched on VOD without much expectation. Watch after purchasing after seeing the names of the directors and cast members before watching. The top three movies of 2019 were made to go straight to the movie theater the next day after watching day after. It was an immersive move that allowed two and a half hours of running time to 7000 RPM. a strong recommendation
5,The directing, acting, and visual beauty were all perfect. If it weren't for boring and boring stories...
10,The best movie of 2019
10,The executives of the Yangsan-type company who sell sportsmanship with just one photo, and the old car craftsman who takes off his hat and pays homage even though he lost.
10,A movie about the passion and friendship of men. The running time was like an hour.
10,It's the best movie I've seen in recent years and always my favorite actor, Bale.
10,
10,
9,After a long race, attention is drawn to the tiny changes of the two men.
10,A movie that heats up the man's heart. I could feel the thrill of the race along with the perfect performance of Christian Bale.I saw it twice, but I wanted to see it more, so I bought it as a collection.Can I be as passionate about what I'm doing?The movie that gave me a cold passion
10,I made it so well, but...Leo, you punk
10,It was so much fun. Ken's thrilling racing skills. Bale's acting ability to pull it off. Matt Damon's acting is the best. It's a movie like Frozen or something. It's going to be a hit. I really want to win Frozen
10,A good movie that shows the atmosphere and history of America and Europe in the mid-20th century
10,It gives a thrill in killing points such as scenes of persuading the chairman. After the movie, Ford and Ferrari's actual locations make us think that companies with "show marketing focus" will never be the industry's No. 1. Ferrari, who draws like a villain on the surface, secretly unravels it with a wonderful production that the real hidden villain was not a villain, but a show-type management.
10,I watched an immersive movie after a long time.The movie made me feel that it was an indirect experience.
10,
10,중요한 질문은 이것뿐입니다. 당신은 누구시죠?
7,The racing scene is only briefly and last, and most of the scenes are mixed with glorification, so it is an epic interpretation that highlights and emphasizes the two main characters. be not particularly interesting People who are not interested in cars and people who are not interested in U.S. history would not like it. To be honest, there are too many people who want to incorporate characters into the car story.
10,I was hit with reality after watching Ford Ferrari.I was surprised to see that I paid the same amount as Korean movies and watched it with an extreme job + exit rating of over 10 million pointsI'm going to watch Joseon movies when they're released on-line
10,
10,I was thankful that I was able to watch it through IMAX
10,Wow, out of all the movies I've seen so far, I was shocked and had fun. It was so much fun and the movie that will remain in my heart for a long time. If you like cars, I recommend it.Can Miles, I love you. (ASPHALT 9 OR REAL RACING)
10,That's the best. I paid for Olleh and watched it. I'm embarrassed I should have watched it in the theater ㅠㅠ It's the best
10,Why is there only 5 stars?
10,
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like this
9,
8,Since it is a true story, it is more like a drama than an action movie. Therefore, many people who expected and watched the action will have a lot of likes and dislikes. The screening time was not short, but the production that properly mixed action and dramatic elements was very good because the story development was very exquisitely distributed. It's a racing movie, but the heart of this movie is somewhere else than racing. It's a movie that you can fully enjoy if you catch it.
10,Ford is just Ford...Nothing less, nothing more.
9,Christian Bale... One of my favorite actors.After watching the movie, there are many advantages such as action and pleasure, but only one actor remains strong. To me, Ford v Ferrari is Christian Bale
1,I like tea but honestly, it wasn't that fun. I think it's 7 points for spring, but it's so high that I get 1 point
10,2 hours and 30 minutes really passed like a racing car, so it was even more fun.You can see why Ford can never beat Ferrari
1,That's too much
10,Who am I? ”
10,It's the race that promised me, not the championship.
7,I watched the movie with a bit of anger in mind, and it was a completely different story.I felt that the movie itself was well made, and the directing and car racing scene were very good. But personally, it didn't go well with the likes and dislikes.
10,A film that showed the history of Ford and Ferrari. By the way, the main character's acting was worth watching!Plus, you can enjoy the speed! ^^ Time flew by~! It was real after seeing it all!It's fun!
10,It's been a while since I saw a proper movie
10,It's really the best. I watched it at home, but I'm sad why I didn't see this movie at the theater. I was really impressed.
10,I felt like I was in a giant engine
4,The guy who's the final engine of the tech war
1,I don't have much, but the rating is too high
10,
10,It was a racing movie that left a deep impression of calmness and catharsis after a long time. The movie shows the strong friendship and expression of men facing the harsh reality of capitalism
10,After watching this movie, I fell in love with the two actors Ford, let's watch this movie and reflect on it
9,It's a shame that I made the title to draw attention, but both fun and nervousness are good
8,
9,Even though it's more than 2 hours and 30 minutes, it's not boring and I really enjoyed it!
10,
10,Passion sublimated by engine power.
9,It's an outstanding car racing movie, and a touching hyperbolic human drama portrayed by those who eventually find their true nature and those who finally change their true nature.
10,Encho Ferrari, who paid tribute to the true winner alone after the race, remains in my mind.
10,
8,I really like cars, so I watched it in Yongsan before I got off. The movie was the best. My heart almost exploded in the stadium scene. The sad thing about the conclusion that it was so good... I think there were a lot of unnecessary scenes. Especially the family scene. There are so many scenes with my wife and son.It's droopy from time to time. I was sad that I wanted to add one more car-chasing scene. Personally, I wish there were more Ferrari characters.Ferrari CEO was a charming character.  Why can't you let go of your family love?
8,I'm not interested in cars. Le Mans 24 was really interesting. The movie that lingers in my mind...Matt Damon of Ripley is getting old
8,Directing skills, story, immersion. 8, acting skills. 8.5 racing scenes. It's not bad. It's worth watching Recommend.
10,It's been a while since I made a good movie and it was fun and touching I really need to buy a Porsche^^♡
8,The drama is terrible, but the racing scenes are so enchanting. It makes me want to drive and step on the full accelerator right away.
10,How will the son remember the father who wants to meet at 7000 rpm?
10,
10,Add your favorite movie
1,Miles should've won first place
10,Overall, I loved it
10,It's been a while since I saw a famous painting I'm watching it at the theater and at home three times, but it's a great movie! I'll remember Ken Miles forever. 7000RPM
10,Awesome. Awesome. The best of five
10,Make sure to watch it. You won't regret it
9,Running time is two and a half hours? Feels like an hour and a half.
10,
9,The top 2 racing movies I've seen
10,As expected, Christian Bale!
7,Thank you for the Ford history for two and a half hours.The editing was a bit loose.
10,It was passionate and touching.
10,It's just perfect score ㅠㅠ wow I know why everyone recommended it I just regret not seeing it at the movie theater...
6,There are so many part-timers giving NAVER ratings. Stop it
8,좋아요.
10,Just watching Christian Bale's acting made me happy.
8,Praise Christian Bale, buy a car as a Ferrari, give him the vice president.
10,I can't forget the thrill of the GT40 over 7000 rpm.
10,It's the best movie, I'm sure.
10,I think it's a good movie when you race Ford and Ferrari I recommend this movie especially for people who like cars~~~
10,I can't believe I'm watching this now.I didn't see it because I thought it was just a management fight for the car company. I registered for the best movie of my life.
10,It's a great movie from beginning to end.
9,If you put this kind of emotion into racing, you'll be out of your mind
10,It's so much fun that I don't feel like I have a long running time.
10,The best movie of 2019
9,A movie where you can enjoy the charm of racing!I heard it too. Hello~
10,It's the best movie ever. I watched it twice, but I want to watch it more.
10,Christian Bale's acting is crazy.
10,I regret the most that I went to the movie theater and watched it on Hello TV instead of watching it. ㅠㅠ
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. I'm just sorry I didn't see you in the theater.
10,I think this movie will be interesting even if I watch it 10 times
10,It felt like I was driving! It's so much fun
10,
10,
10,It was the most thrilling two and a half hours of boring immersion!!
6,Ford and Ferrari don't mean much, and it's a story of male friendship
8,Two men's loyalty, friendship and racing speed in contrast to the ostentatious Ford Company of the 1960s. 160 minutes went by so quickly
10,
10,It's so much fun!   The Ferrari was definitely Ferrari
10,The most tense movie I've seen recently!
10,
10,The overall balance is excellent and the story is well matched with humor and seriousness.In particular, the realistic story of compromising on ideals and reality became more immersive.
9,Matt Damon's movies always touch me  You're the best since you're with the veil
10,"Don't watch it with your girlfriend. I'm so touched. What's fun about your girlfriend?" I should have watched it alone ㅜㅜ Please watch it with men or alone
10,Wow, I didn't expect anything. I just watched it for killing time and almost got sick of my pants.If it's acting, if it's acting, if it's action, it doesn't seem like a two and a half hourI watched Dolby's stereo at home and it would have been more realistic if I watched it at the theater.Met Damon and Christian Bale were awesome
10,I really enjoyed watching it.^^
10,I can't believe I didn't see this at the movie theater and saw the hit squad
10,
10,
10,I thought it would be boring, but it was perfect because of the combination of directing, acting, storytelling, Ford and Ferrari competition
10,First of all, the storyline is so new.Even though I watched it at home, if it was this much fun and touching, would the people who watched it at the movie theater at that time be overwhelmed? Not to mention car mania, it was a movie that even I wanted to have a manual drive instead of a car mania.Compared to the "Running in the Furious" series, this movie deals with real events and stories. In a way, the moving part was better than the angry run.At this point, Ferrari has an overwhelming advantage over Ford in the spokka sector, that's all.The most memorable were the gentlemanly acceptance of Enzo Ferrari and the reference of James McMaren
10,Amazing description of the two men's acting and speed! It was all fun. It was especially good to see it in 4D.
10,It is a work that is so immersive that 2 hours and 30 minutes pass quickly as if riding a supercar. I can't forget the powerful engine roar. It is a sound that makes me regret not seeing it in the theater. Christian Bale's performance, which looks like he's possessed by a real Ken Miles, is also impressive. Looking at the tough and self-respecting figure, I even wonder if this person was really a stylish gentleman, Bruce Wayne. Matt Damon's Carol Selby performance is as stable and warm as he always believes and sees. It's also fun to see the contrast between the father-in-law Ferrari and the capitalist Ford.
10,Only a true professional recognizes a true professional
10,
10,This is it! This is the movie
10,Christian Bale was Ken Miles himself
6,It's a bit of a sensational movie. It's a bit of an exaggeration
8,This movie made me want to drive recklessly.
8,You have to meet your wife well
10,In fact, in order to make such movies, director directors must have the affection and knowledge equivalent to majors in the theme and subject matter of the movie.  The same goes for actors, of course.  Are there such movie people in our country?  I thought you'd get some theater experience and go to plastic surgery or gym
10,Great value for money!
9,Please let me step on over 7,000 rpm!
10,The combination of Christian Bale X Matt Damon's performance is amazing.
8,Engineers, car racers, challenges, wins. a tragic endIt's a classic cliche, but it's sophisticated. It is appropriate, not exaggerated.
7,the gallop of nostalgia for the world of men
10,I felt my heart warm after watching this movie.
8,a thrill of high-speed racingAmong them, the best entertainment movie with a perfect story and actors' passionate acting!
10,I trusted him, but it's a pity. He deserves a rating of over 9. If I saw Hitman and he had a rating of 8, I would've given him 1 point
10,If you're going to push the car to the limit and want the car to withstand it, know where the limit is.
10,Wow, Zola is so funny. So funny
1,The movie I saw when I was ignorant of cars, I fell in love with the passion as hot as the engine. I'm so sorry for the ending. So I hope the vice president gets punished
10,Mt. Baekdu is 7 million and it's 1.3 million
10,But all I have to say is, well done.A hero's tragic ending always leads to vague and unconditional support from the audience
8,A movie that you would regret if you didn't watch at the theater
8,The color was good. The outfit too.
10,The passion of people who are crazy about one thing
10,I watched a movie that made my heart race for the first time in a while It could be my life piece
1,I heard it was fun on the internet, so I went and watched it, but it's not fun. It's an obvious story. The director wanted to reveal the low-quality mass production pod in the U.S., but he couldn't throw away the American soup because he was an American. It became a movie that was neither this nor that.
10,I guess I was the only one who felt that America was such a bully. I stole watches, stole parts, threw them on the floor, and it was a big country
10,Tears of sorrow at the death of Christian Bale ㅠㅠ
10,You have to watch it no matter what--
9,The Fast and the Furious... By comparison, this movie is worth racing alone.
10,Why did I watch this now?
8,This is gonna make me sick of posing. Ford's leadership crap. I'm freaking out
10,I really enjoyed watching the black comedy. Why is it funny, Matt Damon and Ford Vice Chairman?LOL
10,One scene where Batman and Jason Bourne fight is funnier than parasite
10,It's a crazy movie that doesn't miss anything. It's the best
9,It's proven that oldies ruin everywhereI loved the racing scene
10,I was amazed at how Bale acted
8,I love you 7000 times.
10,A movie that all company CEOs and executives should see, a movie that penetrates the myth
9,Challenges and friendships that make the impossible possible
10,It's a simple car racing movie, without exaggeration.
10,
8,If you watch it without much thought, it may be a bit of a lujuy development, but if you watch it calmly and carefully, you can see that it is a pretty good movie.
8,I think it's the most complete movie among actors without failure and overwhelming video milling
8,The story of men who live their lives with passion
10,I watched this movie because I am preparing to study abroad for a car designer. I decided to emulate the one and only 'passion for cars' that the two main characters, Carol Shelby and CanMiles, wanted.
10,I regret not seeing this movie on IMAX or 4DX. French Le Mans 24 winner is Ken Miles. Ferrari's management, who stays in their seats and congratulates the winner even though their team gave up the tournament, and Ford's management, who only wants to direct after eating in a helicopter during the game, are clearly different. I don't know what it's like to let three Fords in at the same time. Carol Selby and Ken Miles' great racing made me happy throughout the movie. Carol's sudden vibe. Hello
8,It was a bit boring at first, but it was definitely good at racing. I went to see that movie
10,Above all, will you live as a movie snob with fun and heavy messages? Will you live as a pure racer?
10,
10,A movie that draws both people and cars well.
7,Ford v Ferrari-like production v Topics
10,I really regret not seeing it bigger.
7,The movie that Christian Bale came out to watch. More than 150 minutes of running time seems boring and not boring. The story seems obvious, but it's worth watching. Not worth watching or keeping twice. But it's worth watching for killing time
10,It's just perfect.It's really perfect...
10,Beil-oong... As expected, he's awesome this time too
10,It was the best car movie ever. It's based on a true story. It's so interesting
8,Best action drama right now in the first half of the year.
10,Everything's crazy
6,I like two actors, but the movie is drooping
7,Well made to appeal to the public. However, the racing camera and walking are a little disappointing.
6,I was looking forward to it, but... It was a little boring.After watching this movie, I slept soundly for 2 hours ㅠㅠ
10,
10,
8,Great acting, dynamic production, thrilling sound. a long lingering impression of a calm finish Showing the true face of Hollywood movies. It's a rare experience to reach 7,000 rpm.
10,
6,It's too fast. I forget the speed
10,
7,It is questionable how true the movie about the life story of the character will be, but the exciting racing scene and Christian Bale's performance are impressive.
10,
10,I thought it was over because I didn't see it at the theater, but it was still on. I finally saw it today. If I didn't see it at the theater, I would have wailed later
4,From a position where neither cars nor competitions nor companies are interested, they turn on the house until about an hour and 40 minutes, and if they concentrate from then on, they can concentrate for a while, but they get tired as the concentration goes by.
7,I like cars, I like both Bale and Matt Damon, but I don't like movies. I don't know if I was expecting too much because the reviews were good.
10,Not yet.
10,I only saw Knives Out two days ago and said it was the best movie I've seen this year, but I should have endured it for two days.This movie is the best.All the acting and directing of the video and the racing scene were excellent.There are a lot of movies that don't last an hour, and this movie literally goes by 2 hours and 20 minutes.At the end of the day, deciding on this movie at the cinema was the best choice.
6,Well, did I look forward to it too much. It's just like that's it.
10,I smell oil and sweat somewhere. Is it just me?
10,I~ M~ H. A. Fifi, hi! Seeing Bale-hyung's happiness made me happy as well.
10,How about Gareth Vale? Christian Vale? How about Real Madrid Vale?
10,I watched the second episode on screenx. When I first saw it, I saw a lot of scenes that I missed. After Le Mans, Enzo Ferrari raised his hat to pay tribute to Ken Miles, nodding and communicating. Miles, who was ordered to finish at the same time as the Ford car behind him, achieved a perfect lap and looked remorseful, and tears suddenly came to my eyes. I don't know why I cried in this scene.
10,
10,A movie that you might like even if you don't like action movies
10,I want to. Can't I?Please let me go!All right.
10,The sound was so good!
10,All I can say is that he's so cool
10,Ken Miles is a wonderful man.From directing to acting, it was really good
10,I think I watched the best movie in a long time. As a person who likes cars, I couldn't help but watch it, and the directing, actors' acting, and sound were so good. I'm not buying a Ford anymore.
7,It was a hot movie that made your heart beat at 7,000 rpm. It's nice to have a lot of thoughts after the art film, but movies like Ford V Ferrari are also heart-warming. I strongly recommend it. For those who couldn't watch it at the theater, please turn on the sound and enjoy it.
9,A true story of a car racer who moves his hot heart with RPM
10,I am happy to see this movie on the screen even though it is late. Fell in love with Met Damon
10,I was trying to find fault. It's no match for you. Just look
10,Protecting Gongdol's pure beliefs under the vertical pressure of huge capital.
10,It's the best movie of 2020
10,It's an amazing acting and directing. The ending is not righteous crying
10,It's so much fun. I'll make a note of the movie I want to watch again and watch it again
8,Why Ford is still Ford.
10,If you were given the last 3 hours of your life,
1,Because of the ending
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Ford V Shelby V Ferrari, winner is McLaren
9,It's a movie that makes you feel excited the whole time you watch it
10,This movie is crazy. What have you seen so far? I'myself
10,
8,I hope Mustang owners don't get any more Gao after watching the movie. You're thrilled to think that people will say wow to your car, right? Never... BMW, Audi, Benz. I don't have any money, but I know I want to buy it because I want to show off, so don't drive with me. Don't take it because it's not a sports car, don't take it. There's a difference of 0 from Ferrari, so let's be humble.^^
10,The most perfect movie I've seen recently
9,Oh, stress ㅜㅜ Ken Miles ㅜㅜ
8,Of course, the long running time is short, and the tense racing production stands out.
6,Good. I like cars
6,That's when Ford won the championship.ㅜㅜ
10,It's been a while since I saw a man's movie
8,I'm proud to see it on the big screen at Ford Ferrari movie theater
5,In any case, Ford is the one who created the innovation of mankind.
10,There's nothing missing from directing, storytelling, and acting.The running time is long, but it felt short because it was a racing movie.It's a true story, so it's the ending, and the bitterness of the game is bigger.
6,It's just a movie. It feels like that
10,It's just the best. It's late, but it's a good thing I saw it at the theater. Recommendation
5,Did you get a job? Why do you have a high score?
10,It was my first time watching a racing movie and I experienced sweaty hands and heartbeats!!!
10,Ignorant of the car, I waited for Cane to get back at me in a Ferrari
10,There is no galloping but more
10,This is crazy
9,I didn't know the time went by
9,This is a movie.
10,the best movie
10,
9,You can feel the racing scene vividly.  It's also attractive that it's a true story, and we were able to feel that emotion together in the field for two and a half hours!
9,Was there another movie that I was so immersed in? That's how well I watched it. Strongly recommend!
8,About things that money can't buy
9,Running time is still racing
10,It's fun enough to think that 2 hours and 30 minutes was such a short time. A true racer's passion and unfortunate misfortune...It was a movie that could honor his life.
10,It's been a while since I had a lot of fun watching it
10,It is a movie that should be remembered as one of the greatest racers in Ford's history.
10,It's so much fun and the direction was great. Mm-hmm. Nana Khaka
8,A true story has a very sad ending.
1,It's boring. A seven-point movie
10,This excitement, tension, and immersion... I think it's easy to find a work that gives this feeling in the genre of movies, but it's really hard to find when you get to know it. I use the word "for killing time" to mean it's worth seeing, but it's really the best for killing time! I've always thought of movies that deeply deal with dreams and love and ask about the meaning of life as the best, but after watching Ford v Ferrari, the most entertaining movie is really hard to make and satisfying.That's what I think I don't have to spin around in a difficult way It's fun! It's not that I liked it after watching it, but it was a movie that made me think it was fun and funI recommend watching it at the movie theater
10,Wow... It's one of the few movies that touches the hearts of real men.If there's anything you've seen and felt: 1. passion for what you want 2. compromise with reality 3. willingness not to give up Ken Mylar I respect you.
9,It was a heart-warming movie!
10,I'm sure there's no one who doesn't get emotional when Ken looks into the rearview mirror at the last rap of Le Mans
10,It was a touching and serious action movie"Muㅠㅠ"
9,I don't know much about cars. My heart exploded
10,A true story. A movie that I enjoyed after a long time. I was not very interested in car racing, but I could enjoy it. Recommended. 8.0 GPA
10,Why did I watch this now? ㅠㅠ The racing genre of cars is not my taste, but I didn't expect much, but it's an exciting development, a thrilling production...It was a waste of time.At the end of the race, Miles ran alone to the front and looked at the rearview mirror where nothing was being seen. It's a movie where the passion, goal, and friendship between the two men were conveyed
10,I think it became my life movie ㅜㅜ
9,It's worth watching at the theater
10,
9,Batman's acting transformation is the best!
10,It's 2019...Starting with Avengers 4... Parasite.So, does it end up as a Joker? I wanted to, but Ford Ferrari Bergh!
10,a movie that touches the heart of a man
10,The movie has a good story, good acting, and everythingIt's such a shame that Ken Miles died at the end
10,
10,
8,There is the greatest pleasure of watching this movie when racing takes place rather than a human drama.
10,I watched it three times in the theater A movie that makes you want a racing car
8,The acting seems to be just possessed, but if the story had a lot of elements of American nationalism, it would have been Eom Bok-dong
10,It's a movie that makes your hands sweat
10,I thought it was an obvious racing movie, but it was more fun because it was a completely different point. Acting, video, editing, and story are all of my life'
7,It's a movie that's fun for those who like the current Gap & Racing that's brought on by Ferrari and Ford's mind, but if not, it might be a little boring
8,I was so curious about the feelings of the racers throughout.
10,The best movie of 2019, admiration and admiration for Christian Bale's acting, solid story and tense race scene are the best.a sense of impelled by a steering wheel Touching.
10,Wow, why didn't I watch it at the movie theater? It's a high quality movie since Bohemian Rhapsody
10,A man's movie. 10 letters.
9,
10,Great acting... I'm amazed by your beautiful wife
10,Best Movie of the Year
9,A good movie to watch in a movie theater.
9,You need to be careful if you drive right after watching the movie. Engine sound overwhelming
5,It's a must for setup/interpretation, but it's too boring until the middle. But the explosive second half that makes you forget what's ahead
9,Acting, directing, and storytelling are all about cinematic fun! And car history is a bonus!
10,
10,I want to live in America in the 60s
9,As expected, the acting skills of the two actors are shaking.
10,Now that I'm done with the movie, I don't want to buy a Ford
7,I'm sick and tired of Bale's acting.
7,I'm not interested in cars, so I'm just saying
10,Fun
9,A movie that I focused on for the first time in a long time. Both racing and story are satisfying.
10,A movie I don't want to miss out on
10,the best car movie
10,The best movie of 2019...agreed
9,Mr. Ford is so cute
10,Why big business Ford can't keep up with Ferrari. There is only Policy and there is no Soul and Zeal.
10,당신은 누구시죠?
10,It's the best movie ever Matt and Chris were looking at the glorious racer
10,The first movie in my 40 years of life to leave reviews and reviews. It wasn't Christian Bale who played it, but Ken Miles came out alive. Ah... I really can't say anything. I can't sleep because my heart is beating. Why didn't I watch this in the cinema?
10,a heart-throbbing movie
10,G.T.'s engine sound makes my heart beat again in the third round
10,The directing and acting story is perfect and the movie is so captivating that it feels like it's an hour long
10,It's a lot of fun.  I was almost upset by a character, but I lost track of time
9,It was more than I expected
10,I was so sad when I died talking about 7000 RPM at the end.
10,Such a masterpiece is not on the screen, but only movies that are not very interesting are screen-exclusive. 정말 정말 This movie is really more than 10,000 won. I bought it for KT Olleh and it's fun to watch again. The problem is that there are a lot of people like Vice President BB, so the back of my neck hurt. LOL The presence of the movie
10,A masterpiece that can be enjoyed by people who are not interested in cars and racing
10,Even though I don't know racing because I'm not interested in cars, it's so much fun that time flies. Also, the movie is the best movie, with its sensibility, music, and the acting of Christian Bale, the favorite actor.
10,
10,I went to see the movie because it received a lot of positive reviews and it became my life movie. This has to be re-released at the movie theater. 4DX, IMAX, MX theater, and general theater can be viewed in any format. It was a classic perfect movie without missing anything. Christian Bale, Matt Damon, and John Buntal fall in love with the three actors.ㅜㅜ
8,They made a legend while running, and they will run in history forever.
10,I had to go to the Bale and Damon ensemble.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently
2,I'm bored. I don't think women are funny
8,It's okay in moderation.
10,As expected, Christian Bale. He has a solid story about actors who don't disappoint, so I lost track of timeI highly recommend it
9,I watched it because I heard it was funI just enjoyed watching the racingAll the cars were cool, tooIt would have been better if it was a happy ending
10,gae10 "God-Jae-Natural Masterpiece
10,Acting, directing, story, everything is perfect
10,How are you doing? Or?
10,Like a movie about cars, both tension and speed were great and the story was so good. Ford and Ferrari... I think it is a trick that gave the audience a pleasant worry through the confrontation between capital logic and craftsmanship.
10,It was the best movie at the same time
9,You can just watch it!
8,A movie about Jason Bourne and Batman fighting
9,It brought the sense of the times to life, and it was full of tension. I didn't feel it while watching this movie for 2 hours and 30 minutes. Christian Bale's acting is so good that I feel like I'm going crazy in the car and getting better. Even the directing is perfect. The box office may be down, but the movie was good.
10,A must-see masterpiece if you're a Cha Deok
10,A movie that shows the truth of the world, the uncomfortable reality.
8,Coolest rolling start. So handsome
10,Out of the movies I watched recently, the story gel is strong and fun
8,It's a field that I'm interested in and it's fun to adapt based on facts
7,It's a great movie. It's got a good sense of immersion, but the reason why it's 7 points is because the character of the vice president of cancer is upset because he's not punished. It's 7 points because he's not salty
10,The racing scene was the best. Two and a half hours long feels really short. Matt Damon's acting is... Wow
10,Hm... A movie about cars that is fun and bitter even if it's not paper
10,Henry Ford, Enzo Ferrari. McLaren and the Iacoa automotive giants all pushed to the fringes and revolved around a character named Ken Miles. It can never be the mainstream, and it's a sad and sad life when you look back, but it's a story that remains more memorable and touching than any great person
10,Racing is an honor, a dream and a challenge for racers, a car advertising and a means to make a profit for car manufacturers. A marketing guy who doesn't have a drop of oil on his hand barely makes a car all night, shamelessly defaming a car driver's license!
5,Men who like cars will like it... It wasn't my cup of tea.
10,It's not Ford. It's not Ferrari. It's Bale
10,I lost track of time. The two main characters' acting is the best!
10,
9,I didn't know that racing movie would be so thrilling and fun.Maybe because it's a true story, I can see various aspects of the story and society.Haha
10,I want to watch it again. I still remember it
10,
10,I want to see you again and again
9,
10,Shelby Henry Ford the Second Scene
9,
8,What's there to life? You live as you please, go to the limit, and then go as you go your way. A movie that looks back on my life
10,The best movie ever! You've ripped the world apart! Make sure you watch it! Watch it twice. It's such a well-made movie. Christian Bale's acting is fantastic
10,When I watch, I feel tired all over my body, especially my hands and feet, so I can sweat a little
10,Just watch it I lost track of time
10,The contrast between Ken looking in the mirror at Bandini, who is behind him because his car is wrecked, rejoicing over a powerful competitor, and later thinking "I'm happy" but there's no one in the mirror
7,I was calm and faithful to the basics
8,The standard of Hollywood movies. Well-made Hollywood movies. It's fun even if you don't shoot once
9,Those who watched Mad Max's Road of Wrath in 4DX and those who watched it in 2D did not watch the same movie.The same goes for those who watched this movie on Screen X and those who just watched it.Carol Shelby and Ken Miles are both cool, but Ken, a car doctor, is more my cup of tea - there's a different kind of style, like Randall and Bleed Cargars in Sapo (cyber formula)
10,My acquaintance said that it's not fun for women
8,His mouth is great, and his directing and acting are great.
10,7000개 이상 지옥처럼 사라짐
10,It's been a while since I've seen a manly trick. It was a movie where the thrill was not normal. It was fun.The direction is good
10,It's fun
10,I'm sorry to Ford Ferrari that Namsan's directors are the number one movie. I really enjoyed it. It doesn't make sense that it's the same 10,000 won because I saw the directors of Namsan right away the next day
8,How can it be the same as what my company does?
10,the power of drama without brakes
1,Why is the rating so high? Honestly, it's a waste of time
1,It's too long and boring to wait for the last half hour
10,Matt Damon + Christian Bale =!
9,It's fun.
10,What would you have done if you didn't watch it?
8,I feel again the OOO point of bureaucracy that what's good to see is important and what's good to see from the top.
8,I need to get at least one technical field at the Oscars. As I passed through the story in the early and mid-term, I couldn't close my mouth the whole time.
10,It's so funny
9,Overall, the quality of the movie is good to say that it is an ordinary movie.
10,
10,I really enjoyed it Haha
10,I really enjoyed it Haha
10,That's how Ford screwed up. Screw Ford, Ken Miles ㅜㅜ
10,It's sadder because it's based on a true story. A society like this... Still. I got to know the back of the car racers besides what they seem to be, and I feel like I'm running with them while watching the movie. It's one of the movies where you can feel the speed. A movie that you'd regret if you didn't watch it at the theater.
10,For Kenmiles, Victory is an extreme passion, for Ford, Victory is only a crown, and for Ferrari, Victory is a belief itself. And to Chevy, Victoria... Wouldn't it be about a compass of memories that will make you move on when you get lost?
9,A knack for making people search for cars they don't care about.
10,Please watch it when it's hung in the movie theater
10,One of my life movies with 3 best scenes
10,After watching this movie, Mustang Shelby GT350R became my dream car.
10,I watched a movie at 7500 RPM
8,I was worried because I was ignorant and not interested in cars, but I could understand it in the movie. However, since it is based on a true story, I think it would have been more immersive if I had looked up the case in advance.
10,The last time I slow down is impressive
10,It's a perfect true story. More than any other scenario, I've been heartbroken and watched it all this whole time
10,Looking at the racing part, I was sad that I couldn't see it in 4D. And I really liked Balshin's acting.
8,This is interesting. This is the most interesting movie that has been released recently
10,
10,As soon as it was released, I wanted to watch it again and again, so I bought Vod at home and watched it twice, and it was the most interesting movie of my life
10,I'm so touched that I'm in a car with actors
10,I'm so touched. I'm jealous of America where movies are made, Italy where Ferrari is made
9,The middle managers are always the problem
8,Christian Bale's acting is the best
10,
10,Car racing is a high score for drawing sympathy from two men's outlooks on life, Ford and Ferrari's management philosophy, and our lives with obvious material. It is a high-quality movie that even a mother in her 70s said was a good movie.
8,I slept after watching it, and I drove all night in my dream.
10,Christian Bale as Genius and Idiot
8,Batman and Jason Bourne's action scenes are so breathtaking...Best action scene since the hand-to-hand fight between Hugh Grant and Colin Firth.
10,Great actors' acting and speed...  It's the best movie ever.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,A work that shows why Ford and Ferrari are in their current position
10,Wow, just look at this.You can just shut up and watch the movie...Concentration is the best throughout the show...I watched it without realizing that time passed, and I was completely immersed in the movie, assimilated, and applauded.
10,There's no time to be bored for 2 hours and 30 minutesWe strongly recommend it. ^^
8,Men are manual transmission. I wanted to ride a rear-wheel, manual transmission car
10,Sports cars are not just cars to make money, such as Audi r8, Ford gt, Nissan gt, Chevrolet, Corvette, etc. While watching this movie, I thought that Hyundai would like to participate in bigger races like Le Mans 24 Formula One, but in the long run, cheap cars and modern cars are one of interesting ways
10,The precision is perfect. I'm sorry to pay 10,000 won
10,I didn't know there would be such a ggondaesa in a country like America
10,Wow! You've been really into acting, story, and video.
10,
10,
10,So immersed in the movie that its name is at 7000 rpm
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,It's a shame that such a masterpiece has been added. The two actors' acting was good and full of chemistry. I wasn't interested in racing cars, but it was so fun that I couldn't feel how the running time went by.
10,I'm upset because of the vice president of the old bureaucracy, but it's over because it's designed for fun. But when you go to work, there are always those kind of nerds like that
10,A movie that you can feel the value of when you watch it on a big screen.  I couldn't relax throughout the movie because I felt like I was actually in a racing car.
10,
10,I'm glad I saw it in the movie theater. I can't believe I'm so into car movies.^^
10,If it's a movie, you should do this muchI'm getting emotional. Let's not make up our minds now
9,Take a look at it at the time of doubt. It's a good movie.
10,
10,I think it's a movie that lingers
9,You can get a glimpse of racing scenes, organized stories, and American values that even women can fall into.You can compare why Ferrari is a Ferrari and the difference between American cars and European famous cars through the movie. Christian Bale is the best actor!
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen.I couldn't feel more than 150 minutes of the movie, which was so immersed that my hands were sweaty, happy, sad, and spectacular
10,It was long but fun cool
9,Hello. I heard it too
9,It's just a well-made movie. You won't regret watching it.
10,
10,Even after the movie, the sound of the car engine still lingers!
9,Normal period gave me 7 points, but Hyunsoo gave me 6 points Did you lose your sense of humor?
10,Hello! What's wrong with Korean lines?
10,James Mangold Christian Bale Matt Damon is the best.
10,Wow... Christian Vale's acting... goosebumps.
10,Time really flies. You're the best
10,Shut up and watch if you're a man. Watch twice
10,This is really fun. It's fun even if you watch it twice.The driving of anger is gradually disappearing the feeling of a car movie, and this movie has the feeling of the early driving of anger and the beauty of science and video is the best!
3,It's very boring. I'm a guy who likes cars, but this movie doesn't suit me.
10,a movie worthy of being called a racing masterpiece
10,Matt Damon, Christian Vale. It's over.I want to run on my morning
10,A movie that makes me reflect on whether my job is challenging or if I'm crazy enough for it now
7,h
10,Sigh... It's the best...Look twice
9,People who say the movie is boring, I guess you weren't interested in cars;; Don't be a street weapon and study cars step by step from now on Let's look forward to it, SA. ^^
10,It was a great opportunity to get to know Ken Miles
10,Sound, best on-screen car movie ever!
8,A craftsman and a businessman... The difference between respect and helicopter...
8,I'm not sure about the excitement in a car race. The storyline is obvious.However, Christian Bale's transformation during the long running time shows a chilling madness.
10,A detailed description of the stadium, where you can even feel the sound of breathing.
10,Is it a Ford boycott?lol
10,It was so much fun. I was so immersed in spring
10,
10,The stories of people who use the subject matter of tea and racing to look at it. Some are life, some are tools for success, etc
8,It is a movie that is so immersive that you can't feel that the running time is long.
10,
10,A bully Ford vs Ferrari. Good!
10,It was more interesting because it was based on a true story, and the sound of the engine sound and the video beauty of the racing scene were good. And insight and criticism of modern social bureaucracy...It's a flawless movie.
10,
10,What Words Do You Need? The Best Movie of 2019 That Can Be Tied Up With The Joker
10,It's so much fun. A man's dream
10,The pure passion of the main character melted by Christian Bale touches the heart. I really enjoyed it.
7,The moment I meet myself at 7000 RPM,
10,It was the best movie with the best actors based on a dramatic true storyIt's so touching
8,The actors' acting was good. Recommend.
8,a movie in which actors' performances and car racing are great
10,This movie is really great.a poignant filmI was impressed
9,If you like cars, I highly recommend it!If you like RPM sounds, I strongly recommend it!
9,Never buy a Ford - a movie that makes Ford executives anti-fodder
10,This movie is really crazy. When the engine RPM goes up, my heart RPM goes up too
10,The rating of this movie is trustworthy
10,It's such a good movie.
10,I salute the acting and passion of Christian Bale, who transformed from Dick Cheney to Ken Miles in a year!
7,After watching this, I thought it was funny to just turn on the Lamborghini Ferrari sports car in Seoul, where there are so many cars
10,I enjoyed the movie.Thank you for letting me watch such a movie
10,Please, please, please, look The movie of my life,
8,A movie that felt dirty but exhilarating.
8,If you are interested in cars, I recommend it even if it's not recommended
10,The best! Everything is the best! 7000rpm!
10,I enjoyed it Haha
10,I don't like this kind of movie, but it's thrilling and I've been watching it nervously, and the story is complete, and the family love and emotion are strong. It's a masterpiece that's good to watch more than twice. I can't download it because it's a true story Strongly recommend
10,a heart-throbbing drama I want to experience 7000 RPM.
10,This is the best movie of my life
10,The big running time went by so quickly
10,Two and a half hours passed after hearing the sound of engine and exhaust.There was a great sense of immersion and the actors' acting was good.
10,
10,It was fun enough even if I didn't
7,Fordgt is also an overmanufacturer
10,It's so sad and calm.It's a blessing that there's something that's thrilling, heart-breaking, and that's enough to pour all my passion, but it's a miracle if there's someone who's with me and cheering for me! Looking at my wife and son and looking at my friends and colleagues ㅜㅜ I never feel empty doing what I like until the last moment of my life...!! Ugh, it was so sad and touching. ㅜㅜ
7,I'd like to have a car. It wasn't very funny. Because of the situation where the dramatic flavor is being dropped in between.
9,It's so much fun
9,It's a movie that's good for you to be immersed and it's very moving
9,As expected, Ford was Ford. In the line, "Henryford II, not Henry Ford." How many generations is the current chairman? I'm just saying. Ken went up to the Hall of Fame as if he were the best, but you're the winner. The movie I enjoyed watching, and after watching the movie, I became my ideal type of Cutlery or Balf +_+.
9,I think it's more touching because it's a true story
10,
10,Somewhere at 7000 RPM, everything fades. The vehicle becomes as light as a feather and disappears. It crosses time and space with only its body left behind. We'll meet there at 7000 RPM.
8,I should've watched it on Screen X. It's the saddest thing because I'm watching it's a bummer
10,It was the best car movie ever based on facts
10,This is a movie. It was a story where I could focus on the competition between Ford and Ferrari and Le Mans 24 without trying to teach a lesson like any other country's movie
6,Well, it is not just a racing movie, but it is a movie that makes you think about many things. It's been a long time since I was moved by a movie.a movie to watch
7,Good speed, good acting skills... I was not interested in it, but I got to know the basic mind of each car company.It's worth watching.
10,
10,Story, directing, acting, visual beauty, OST, everything. Out of all the works of 2019, it's the best
10,
10,It is shameful that such a movie has less than 2 million viewers, let alone 10 million. The level of domestic film culture is shameful.
10,Perfect engine sound. It's the OST
10,Oh, my. Oh my god
8,Something that money can't buy
10,This is crazy. My boyfriend wanted to watch it, so I didn't want it because it was a long movie, but I lost track of time Christian Vale is love ㅜㅜ
10,Actor, director, video, me-story. Everything is perfect
10,
10,
8,It's a perfect variation of RPM! The tight hot harmony makes the heart cry with small vibrations.
10,
10,Wow, you have to watch this. If you're worried that racing won't suit the drama, just watch it.Even if you're worried, just watch it. Some people have a lot of famous lines in their life movies. Wow. This is a masterpiece.Rather than calling it Ford, companies can be skeptical
10,Ford won, but eventually lost.
8,A film that shows how valuable it is to dream and to be crazy about it
10,One of the most interesting movies I've ever seen
9,Christian Bale, Met Damon, I commend them for their performance  2 hours and 30 minutes are flying by
9,the smell of oil burning with their passion
9,It's fun. The sound is amazing
7,I can't believe the main character of Punisher is here.Surprised. Too bad Ford isn't in F1. A fairly long running time. It was a movie worth watching for me who likes F1. I watched it with my wife for an hour 3 weeks ago and ended it today.
2,It's not really
10,
9,a story based on a true story Ken and Shelly's bond... Face a cross section of history.
10,It was great. I suspected it was a Ford movie, but I got to know Ford's management philosophy.
10,A movie that sympathizes with the limitations of 7,000 rpm, I'm afraid it'll explode
10,a film that brings out flavor instead of squeezing it
10,A fun movie that you haven't seen in a long time. Do Korean directors feel like they need to improve?
10,Wow, it's so funny and I'm so touchedㅠㅠ It's the best movie I've seen recently If you can watch it, make sure to watch it It's the best
9,I enjoyed it
6,Just a normal movie. Running time is long and boring.I don't like the car racing scene either.All that remains is loyalty to friends and betrayal.in the end,
10,The True Men's Story
10,It's so much funThrilling
10,
10,The fact that Christian Bale and Matt Damon are coming out is a fantastic combination.
10,I'm so disappointed with the real cancer of Harford. I'm going to start Matiz again today, saying that Ford won't even look...
10,I went to see it without much thought, and the production was no joke, and the acting and story were solid. The best movie I've seen throughout my running time
10,Two and a half hours can't be this short. One of the best movies that never gets boring!!
10,It was really good. I like the story.
10,That's great. I don't need any more explanation
10,As expected of Ferrari! Ford was a bunch of oldies.
6,It's so boring... I don't know why the ratings are so...
8,I have to think about it while watching it. Maybe because I cut it off in the middle, I finished watching the movie and read the plot again. It's a bit disappointing to create a relationship, but I don't know how time flies in the racing scene. It's definitely exciting. If you like action or sports, watch it
10,The best movie I've seen this year, it was a fuel for me mentally challenged.
8,Now I know what a great game Le Mans 24 was. You're so cool
8,It's... It's... It's...
10,The running time is over 2 hours, but I just looked at the clock without looking at the clock. I really lost track of time.
8,I thought it was "hey, how are you?" but it was really Korean.
10,This is what a movie looks like.Korean movie like a beggar...Watch and learn.It's a genre that makes politics and emotions...Rather, there were old Korean movies worth watching.Now it's just that most of the movies...
10,It's about racing, but it's about people, it's about friendship, it's about dreams I watch it without interruption of emotion throughout I think it's a trick that shows how hard you worked on directing, acting, and editing The sound of the engine shaking came as a pleasant echo That was the review of someone who doesn't know anything about the car Hahaha
10,I enjoyed watching a movie that is not interested in political instigation
10,If Christian Bale and Matt Damon's performance was very good, I like it originally, but it was a great synergy between the two
10,
8,In fact, I studied background knowledge only after watching the movie, but seeing it without background knowledge made me feel frustrated at first.However, as the movie progressed, I became immersed in the passion of the two men, and I watched the 24-hour game without getting bored and lost track of time.
9,This is fun.
10,I really wanted to run home after watching a movie
10,
9,It is an action and drama film about a race between Ford and Ferrari, rivals of cars in the 1960s.  In car history, Ford is more than 40 years ahead of Ferrari. And Ferrari is a racing car by itself, called a racing car for racing.  On the other hand, Ford is a car that contains the ideology of founder Henry Ford. He led the popularization of automobiles by advocating that "automobiles belong to all the public, not to the aristocracy." By the way, Ford has a sense of inferiority to Ferrari to the point where its history is overshadowed in car racing. In fact, the title seems to be an equal confrontation between Ford and Ferrari, but the director's hidden intentions do not raise anyone's hand. There is no intention to glorify the event that miraculously won, or to ignore or downgrade Ferrari. This movie focuses on all the characters involved in car racing rather than cars. The scene in which Henry Ford's philosophy was put in a race car and made him pee, who failed to inherit his work, suggests a lot.  The meticulous calculation of incorporating car racing into the industry and peeping into the management philosophy is probably something that only James Mangold would dare to imagine. If you like car racing, your instinct for good work will come back to life.  I give a rating of 9.
10,It's my favorite movie. It's a meeting between K-Action and Racing
9,Acting actors, story, video... In a very long time
10,Wow, this is the best movie of the year
1,Trust me. It's really boring.I think men who are crazy about cars gave high ratings, but I like cars, but the content is not too much. It's really boring.Trust me and watch another movie!
10,Best work I've ever seen in 2019. Personally, it was much better than the Irishman, and I didn't know much about car racing, but I couldn't feel the immersion for 2 hours and 30 minutes.
10,I watched it with sweat in my hand
10,It's the best movie of my life
9,the great pursuit of the revelers and the robbersThe path of the strongest is long and ugly, but its value is certain.
10,It's the best race movie in history. A car-based movie with a perfect storyIt reminded me of the death chariot race at the ancient Roman Colosseum by Ben Hur, which swept the Academy Awards in the 50s. I think it's the best movie in recent years. Scale story, touching detail, fun, everything is impeccable.Why do my eyes get teary at the end of the movie? Maybe it's because I'm also a middle-aged head of household. Everyone has different situations, but like Ken Miles in the movie, let's shout "I'm happy." The heart-beating OST sound is a bonus^^ It's time for the movie to go in, so I feel it's worth watching it on the first day of the Lunar New Year holiday^^
10,I cried throughout the movie. I was thrilled and thrilled every moment.m. As a motor sports fan and a car lover, the film was the best gift of 2019.
6,I was a little bored.There's nothing special.
9,It's like a movie that reminds me that life is like this
10,I think of Bri Bri-hyun all the time I watch the movie
10,I lost track of time.
8,If you like classical cars, you will fall in love with it. The story was good and it was fun to watchIf there's something you want to do even when you're old, that's a cool life
8,I don't know what to do with a video
1,It's too long and boring to wait for the last half hour
6,Usually, it's just "Youngho!"
6,Boredom. I managed to watch it, but I don't think anyone who doesn't care about cars is interesting
10,I watched one of my favorite movies in the last 5 years... I didn't even know it was going by 2 hours. I will download the DVD and keep it
1,Am I the only one who dozed off? If I dozed off, it wouldn't be fun
10,I strongly recommend it to those around me. It was a thrilling movie with lessons and lingering feelings, and it was never a long two-and-a-half hour running time. Based on the true story, the movie took a lot of time to find out the lives of the main characters.
9,Christian Bale and Matt Damon
10,People who chase dreams are beautiful!
8,Take the trollers and challenge the two dreamy old men to be number one in the industry.
6,I was watching it well and got annoyed because of the ending. Did you have to kill him? His acting was the best.
8,미미It was fun. I watched it without sleeping
10,Perhaps it was Ford V Ferrari that the speed, thrill, drama, and story development that director Um Bok-dong wanted to make. Change your trash mind to get on the anti-Japanese coin and get rich. He's not capable enough. He's got a little head.
9,Car action is the best.
10,A great movie that's both fun and touching
10,It's my first time using a GPA It was the most interesting movie in my 25 years of life
10,It's been a while since you made a touching story with great directing and acting
9,
10,In Korea, the excellence of Hyundai and Kia Motors is covered by races at the f1 stadium, but there are at least one or two people who are loachy in the 1960s and now
5,I was just so-so. The ratings were so good that I watched it and I just...
10,I'm not that interested in cars, but I really enjoyed it I totally recommend it!
10,Perfect story, sound, psychological description
10,Well-made racing movies that satisfy the five senses.
10,10 stars for fast storytelling based on true stories, actors' enthusiastic performances, and realistic directing skills that are not boring for 2 and a half hours!!!
10,Both the acting and the story are outstanding. It's a great piece of work. It's just that Ford executives are so repulsive that I wanted to squeeze...Thank you for letting me know that there was such a talented person in the world!
9,
10,Stories and psychological descriptions are all good. I strongly recommend it.
10,You don't need to say anything. You'll know when you see it
10,I want to see you again, not only cars but also people and relationship management, everything was great!
1,There are more dramas than racing. put up with boredom After all, Christian Bayle's acting in the middle is too much, and Matt Eyman is not doing anything
9,There is a wonderful lingering feeling of living with conviction and passion in life. A man who likes cars and his couple are seen in the movie theater a lot. Regardless of age...
9,It was a movie that made me focus after a long time. I don't know why there weren't many theaters.
8,Matt Damon and Christian Bale's ripe performance was impressive, and the racing scene was concentrated in the second half, so it was a little boring until the middle, but the well-made movie based on a true story is clear.
10,I got goosebumps all over my body at 7000 rpm.
10,It's fun! ^^♡ I want to watch it again
10,This is the movie
9,Andean Legal Plan Bounty Adolf Saint Antoine Plan Local Tax
9,A movie that you must watch on the screen.
10,I'm glad I watched it before I went down to the theater
10,For those of you who haven't seen this movie, you'll see how well-made it is on IMAX
10,
10,Legend
10,
10,When I look, I find myself sweating on my hands.It's been a long time since I've had a heart-throbbing, heart-throbbing film, hammering a car door during Le Mans racing, and I thought it was McGuffin when the racing was over, but...
10,Through Ford and Ferrari, I thought about where I would put my passion for life.
9,It's a true story that fits the sentiments of that era
8,*)((*&^*&%* My heart is pounding from the second half of the year.&^$&
7,It's not a racing movie. It's a man's growth movie
10,I'm very satisfied with all the directing and acting stories
10,A movie to watch in a movie theater.My heart was pounding for 150 minutes.
10,After watching this movie, my heart started beating at 7000 RPM.
1,a film centered on a particular fanatic
10,
10,When I watched this movie, I was so disappointed in Ford Motor Company
10,
1,I give you 1 point because your faces are too dark
9,Look. It's fun. The running time is long, but it's not boring. There are a lot of car scenes, so I recommend you watch it in a movie theater with loud sound quality. After watching the movie, I want to buy a high-powered car, not a super car.
10,It's really crazy. I was honestly worried because I didn't know anything about cars, but I could cover everything with my acting skills and story. The running time of 2 hours and 30 minutes felt really short. If you're thinking about re-release it on CGV, you can watch it You won't regret it The real Christian Bale and Matt Damon Force are really... I dare not catch up
10,The tension of all time
7,It may be somewhat divided without choosing a typical story structure, but it was good to highlight the structural aspects of the industry (which I see as a remarkable harvest and advantage of this film) and to have a confrontation between capital and faith, but there is clearly something to be desired. What did Miles want to take with him?
10,완벽한 라벨!
10,완벽한 라벨!
10,My hands are sweaty. Well, the results are always obvious, but...
10,My best racing movie. people who have survived the real thing
10,It's a great movie.Make sure to watch it
10,
10,A film about Ford's greatness
10,It was the first time I knew that car racing was such a pain in the neck.
9,
9,I don't know much about cars, but I really enjoyed it. If you haven't seen it yet, run to the theater right away.
10,You're the bestU.S
10,It's been a long time no see
9,7000 RPM for fun
10,It was a movie that showed the difference between a merchant and a craftsman
9,I looked forward to it, but I'd like to evaluate it as a sufficiently satisfying move. The actors' acting skills were good and they captured the tense moments of racing well, so I was nervous and immersed.
10,It was the best movie ever!
9,It's fun. It's sad
10,a film worthy of acting ability The realistic production, dense story, and heavy message were also good.
6,Genre regret not putting Ford on a more detailed demon, not putting Ken Miles on a more heroic
10,I really enjoyed watching it!
10,A movie that doesn't feel like running time.
7,The story of winning with a driver that seems a bit lame... So so so!
10,
10,Lawyer Han Moonchul's "What'
8,Christian Bale's perfect Ken Miles performance
10,I usually like car movies. This is crazy ㅠㅠ I couldn't take my eyes off it for 2 hours and 30 minutes.
10,I have no choice but to say that it's the best
10,If you don't watch it, you regret it! You will be immersed in the running time of more than 2 hours and 30 minutes without getting bored. Make sure to watch it at the theater
10,Wow! The movie that made me think about cars again because I don't like racing. If you like cars, you'll go crazy
10,I was more excited and cheered at Daytona than Le Mans
10,It's really amazing! I respectfully enjoyed it!
10,Speed, Lesson, Touching Total Package. A movie about life
10,It's the best movie ever Ken's so cool
10,It's fun!
10,It's fun. You can feel the speed~Maybe it's because it's a true story, but it's more touching.
10,The reviews were good, so I looked for the theater that was coming up and watched it, and it was so much fun. I'm not interested in cars and I've never thought the engine sound was cool, but I changed my mind after watching the movie. I think I held my breath as my hands were sweating towards the end. The money was not a waste and the time went by quickly, so I was rather sad when it ended. I recommend you to watch it at the theater!
10,So-or-eureum-honey-jam
10,I've seen you three times, but I want to see you again Two and a half hours gone in an instant
8,We're going crazy over 7000
9,The stadium's surface is quite long and similar situations are repeated, but I couldn't let go of the tension and kept getting scared, so I was tired after watching it! And two actors...crying
10,Directing, acting, story, and visual beauty are all perfect, and you can see yourself cheering and applauding for the roles in the middle of the movie.Let's take a look!
7,The combination of Met Damon and Christian Bale has already ended. There are few unique elements of the U.S. state, and it is more immersive because it is a true story.
10,Ford, vice president, curse...I hate Ford.Hyundai Kia, watch the movie and reflect on yourself
10,Even though it was based on a true story, cold sweat flowed from my hands.If you haven't watched it, make sure to watch it.I will never regret it.
10,A man who lives only when he runs
10,I didn't watch movies related to cars because I was a woman, but I felt that the movie time was short, not to mention the actors' acting skills. ㅠㅠ I didn't get bored for a moment.
10,It's the best...! Haha
10,After watching this movie, my choice problem was solved. I'm going to buy a Ferrari.
10,This is a movie worth paying for. It is so different from the level of Korean movies that people curse at each other all the time. Why are the tickets the same?
8,a must-see movie for a man
8, easy
10,I was very satisfied
10,Earth stick, Earth stick, Earth stick, Earth stick
9,You don't have to say much. It's a masterpiece.
10,There's not much to say You'll know when you see it
10,If you think it's just a car race, it's a big mistakeMake sure to watch it. It's a movie that even girls will like
9,It's good
10,
10,It's been a while since I saw it, but I'm still moved
10,Just a perfect score! A perfect score! You can enjoy the heart-throbbing moments of both men's burning passion.
10,It's just good... crying
10,A movie full of immersive sounds
10,I really enjoyed watching it at the theater. I really enjoyed it.
9,I really enjoyed watching it. It's the best race that you can make to the end despite the difficulties!
9,It's a really nice movie. Men, cars, families, and criticism of capitalism! How can you make it so immersive and fun based on a true story? Amazing!!! The sound of CGV THX theater is amazing. I'm sad that I couldn't see you on IMAX. Look at it anyhow now. You must watch a movie like this at the theater.
10,
10,I took my mother with me and I was so shocked What a great movie!
8,Thrilling, catharsis, drama, and touching.
7,As is the case with racing-related films. Whether it is based on a true story or not, the contents are all the same. Even so, it's just boring whether it's because the content that might have made it tense enough is true to the true story. I don't really like the chase scene of action movies, but it doesn't feel very interesting to me because I like racing cartoons or movies. It would have been more fun if it was seen as a surprise because there were no dramatic elements such as more desperate, desperate, angry, or sad, whether it was external or internal. If you're going to make it based on a true story, I'm just curious about the background of why you made it with this content even though there are many better racing episodes and games.
10,It was as fun as 7000 RPM
10,This is a movie. Ferrari
7,Tragedy between pure passion for cars and compromise for money.
2,It's my personal preference, but it wasn't funThe obvious story, the forced touching code, and the acting skills... It's a killing time movie for one action, but the action wasn't good either
10,
10,The production that boosts my racing instinct. The speed scene is amazing. I can feel the feeling in the world
10,I realize once again that you don't buy American cars. The movie is chewy.
10,A refreshing video, a delicious story, and a must-see movie.
8,It was an interesting story
10,Wow, this is really a movie...Businessman and passionate...
10,Acting story, directing, action, nervousness is the best!  I can't believe such a long movie isn't boring. Everyone killed their unique acting. The story continues to be tense. I strongly recommend this movie. If you're a man, make sure to watch it!
10,
10,The best movie I've seen in 2019!
9,How dare you make such a good movie that you thought you'd say "Long live America!The main actors' acting is... Is there anything that's lacking when acting geniuses perform together? It's a shame that this kind of movie doesn't get much attention in Korea
10,I didn't expect much but it was fun!
10,You can enjoy racing vicarious satisfaction with the sound and even Matt Damon Christian Vale's acting competition.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. Exciting. Heart beating
10,the best movie
10,A movie that gives everything that a movie can give... was the best.If you haven't seen this movie, you want to buy it
9,adrenaline charging The acting and human story of the two actors are also touching
7,
10,It makes my heart race and makes me clench my hands clench my hands
10,I saw it on Screen X and it felt like I was in a carOh, the story that needs to be known in this world, it's very interesting, it's very thrilling, it's very critical, it's very moving, and I love cars
10,After watching this movie, I understood why American kids who like cars go crazy about GT40 so often in American movies
10,It's fun
10,Christian Bale is also a great actor!!Alberto acted well too
10,
8,It's a long time. I'm realizing the transcendent feelings I feel for humanity at 7,000 miles
10,More than the title
7,The engine is ringing
10,Best movie of 2019 with Joker
10,It's so much fun. I don't like this kind of stuff at all, but I really enjoyed it
7,Car speed action, good!
10,Whether the movie was two and a half hours long. I found out when I came here to get my GPA It went by so quickly
10,I really enjoyed watching it. It's the best!
9,I was trying to accelerate to somewhere at 7000 RPM, but I gave up because I was scared
10,The last time Ferrarienzo admitted Miles, it was touching
8,It's fun, but when I come out of the theater, I think of American Gukppong movies
10,Just as people didn't watch the movie Rocky because they were interested in boxing, you can enjoy it even if you're not interested in cars. 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,Men Running Toward Dreams in a Cold, Sharp World
9,
9,It's so much fun!I strongly recommend it!
10,I don't have a driver's license, but I enjoyed watching it.
10,The best movie I've ever seen in 2019
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed it
10,Oh... I have to watch a Korean movie, but it's so much fun (Singing "Denjang")
9,Best movie released in 2019
10,A hymn to the flame at 7000 RPM in the chest
10,Time flies without getting bored.It's so much fun.
7,It's worth watching, but... The running time is too long. It's touching because it's based on a true story.
10,a film with the best directing and acting
10,The same genre, Rush: If the Derby is a racer vs racer confrontation, Ford v Ferrari has no time to get bored of condensing the race against Ford vs. Ferrari, corporate vs. racer vs. racer vs racer confrontation. You must see this kind of movie in the movie theater. I watched it twice.
9,a friendship between two peopleAmerican culture, politics... I enjoyed it.
9,(Singing "M
9,You have to see...
9,Benissimo Benissimo [Adverb] 1. (Bene's superlative) 2. Very well, very well.
10,It's a great movie!The actors' acting, music, and directing are perfect!
10,The perfect movie. The birth of a masterpiece
10,I didn't know the time went by and watched it. I strongly recommend it. But on January 14th, at 22:05 at Eunpyeong Lotte Mall, row 7 and 8 of G, and elementary school students. Elementary school students whispering. If you came to watch with your kid at this time, please pick up the movie etiquette.I watched a movie for 2 hours and 30 minutes with an elementary student. I was so stressed out watching such a fun movie because it was so loud.
9,Almost 3 hours of running time is not boring production and acting. I didn't like Frozen, so I thought about it with Knives Out and watched it at the movie theater. It was a choice without regret.
10,I can't forget the look on Mile's face that I thought won first place. Ha... I think it's a movie that I really don't like Ford.  The actors' acting was amazing and the immersion was crazy.
9,A movie for men is urgent and interesting
10,I was so nervous that my hands were sweating
10,A movie that makes your heart race and makes you think a lot
10,The Best Movie of 2019
9,Christian Bale + Matt Damon. It's fun
6,If it's fun, please like it
9,Look at his acting skills. His eyes were so happy
10,a dandy, a gallant, a fop.
1,This is really fun?Not enough narrative. Gorgeous racing is behind even Gta5. It's really calm. It's like a soup with no seasoning
10,The best movie of 2019
10,I felt something coming out of my heart after a long time.Sports mode after watching...The back of the head in the passenger seat!
10,
9,The story of people running endlessly dreaming of infinite speed. Victory and passion for machines meet the limitations of the system. The breathtaking race scene stands out.
10,The best movie of 2019!
10,
10,The movie itself is perfect
10,It was the best movie ever
8,a film that shows the difference between producing a car as just an object or a production
9,Yes, this is what a movie is like!
10,Awesome cool movie. And Godvale.
10,Ken Miles' death was so sad.
10,My favorite movie. I want to keep it to myself
6,I looked forward to it because it had a very high rating. Hmm... I don't think it's enough to get 9 points.I had a hard time holding back my sleep because I felt bored in the middle. They say they don't know how time went by, but when I watch a movie, I look at it like I'm looking at my phone three times.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. I didn't know about the historical background of racing, so I was able to concentrate more until the end. I hope there will be a lot of movies like this
10,Look twice. No, three times!
10,A movie that makes me think about what I want to do.
8,This work seems to have illuminated people before racing. I loved the natural acting of the two actors. In particular, Christian Bale's accent and facial expression seemed to show how much he studied.
10,The owner of a Hyundai Motor Company, who makes cheap cars and begs the aristocratic union by shouting "cost reduction," will come to his senses only when he pees and cries in a Ford car.
10,I can't understand that this is the only number of visitors. I watched it in 2D, but why did I watch it in 3D 4D or IMAX? There is nothing to blame for the screenplay of the video directing and acting. As a woman who had no interest in racing, one of my life's movies
10,
10,There is Stinger in KoreaLOL
9,I want it back. I wasn't interested in racing, but it was so thrilling and I was nervous. I think I know why people like it. First of all, Christian Bale and Matt Damon, I really like them, but they don't disappoint me again. I wrote what I wanted to say but I think it's the best racing movie ever. If I have a chance, I want to see it on IMAX. And I can really relate to the fact that the running time went by at 7,000 rpm. I hope there will be more movies like this.
8,Except for useless scenes, I want it to be a bit faster. It wasn't bad
10,It was fun :) The most memorable movie I watched this year
10,It was fine.
8,I want to sell it to Ford
10,There are people who believe that the movie is true and think that Ford is lower than Ferrari. That's hilarious
10,The birth process like Iron Man 12, racing action and emotions were the bestI didn't know Met Damon would come out. Met Damon's acting is the best
4,There's not much to it, the acting is not good, and it's boring
10,A movie that shows Batman and Jason Bourne fighting scenes of the century
10,A movie that answers the question of whether existing craftsmen are needed in a new era
10,There are a lot of problems in the Korean movie industry. It's good to push Korean movies but... It's like Mt. Baekdu.Spread it out, spread it out into Frozen...Are you begging the people? I watch good movies even if I tell you not toSuch a good movie has few theaters, and there were only one in the morning and two in the afternoon. It's a must for people who like tea
10,Great Racing & Strong Messages
10,It's fun! I recommend this movie
10,The two men who were the only rivals for Ferrari back then
10,My hands won't sweat all the time. It's the best
10,It feels like my blood is boiling with the sound of the engineIt's been a while since I was so into itI can't believe that I couldn't give this kind of movie because of a Korean movie that is not as good as BD S.
10,Interesting movies that keep you immersed. Trusting and choosing a poorly oriented domestic movie produced with subsidies.
9,I saw it three times, but I didn't hear the hello that Baddett said. I'm so curious.
9,The Ford V Ferrari satisfied me in abundance when so many masterpieces were in tatters.  The car racing isn't flashy, but it's realistic, so I recommend you to watch it at the theater! Christian Bale's excellent acting is attractive. Even if you don't know much about cars, you fall in love with them LOL I want to buy a car!
10,You directed well, you have a good story, you act well, and you make people want to watch it again
10,I thought it was a Ford movie, but it's a Ford movie
9,
10,It's a lot of fun Just watch it
10,I watched it with my hands full of energy. It's so much fun
10,It's playing until tomorrow, so make sure to watch it 이 There's no other movie like this
10,It seems to be the best movie I've seen last year (2019), but it's been almost a month since I saw it, and I still have lingering feelings. Christian Bale is crazy about acting
10,The movie shows that too many boatmen go to the mountains. Nevertheless, Miles, who was at his best, will be able to feel the speed of 7,000 RPM
8,A movie that makes you want to buy a Ferrari
9,It was the best ever. I hope you watch it
10,the history of automobiles, the history of industry
10,The best movie of 2019 I've ever seen.1.3 million viewers even though it's a minor genre.
8,The cars of the time, the realization, the acting, the movie, the multi-operation
10,
10,I was so happy and sad. One of the best Hollywood movies I've seen in my life.
10,
10,
8,
10,
10,
8,Realistic racing movies, not flashy but immersive
10,It's really fun. I strongly recommend it!
8,Speed, thrill, and fun all run at 7000 rpm!
10,What I want to do is a great movie of people who always do it
8,Life is a passionate race that everyone in the track of life, cowardice and desperation
10,Out of 10, Ford Ferrari 10, Naives Out 10, Frozen 7, Astronomy 1, Start 2, Mt. Baekdu 2, Dr. Doolittle 3
8,You have to stop well rather than run well.
6,Italians hate this movie
10,I felt like I was on a racing trip to Italy and France. Christian Vale's acting was amazingThe first movie to give a perfect score
10,Totally the best
9,
9,I watched it without any expectations. It was a really impressive movie Recommendation! Recommendations!
10,It's the most movie-like movie I've seen recently. This is the movie!
9,How would it have been if the two Juyeon changed roles?
10,I could see what it was to be nervous and sweaty.
10,Everything you can expect from an entertainment movie
9,As expected, the actors are so good at acting It's based on a true story, so I was more moved
10,
10,It's a movie that fits the expression, "with sweat in my hands."
10,I watched my favorite movie four times in the theater for the first time
1,We'll have to get in the knife truck. Let's get a hold of ourselves
10,JAM♡♡ Top 1 in 2019 LOL My heart is racing! Personally, I used jam more than FrozenMake sure to watch it!
10,The movie that made me forget the running time is the best
10,I can't believe this movie has only 1.32 million viewers. It's definitely the best movie of 2019. I really enjoyed watching it, so I want to watch it two or three times more. At the end, it's so bitter, but it's a true story and it's more realistic. the greatest movie of all time
10,The tension was endless and the content was great
10,I watched a proper movie after a long time. I recommend it!
10,There aren't many theaters. It's really fun. I watched it yesterday and I'm going to watch it again today
10,I fall in love with the acting and story of the two actors. It's a perfect movie with lessons, impressions, fun, and lingering emotions. There aren't many theaters, but I really want many people to see them.
10,
10,It's fun! It's fun even though I'm not interested in racing
9,It was fun.
9,I lost track of time
10,X Caution: No driving immediately after watching the movie
10,It's a masterpiece! Make sure to watch it!
10,Best movie I've seen in 2019 - Parasite and Ford V Ferrari
9,Organization and Individual, Passion and System, Man's Movie
10,This movie barely exceeds a million... Why???
6,I'm a little too tame for the Fast and Furious series. I am
8,A movie that shows each person's attitude and passion. The fancy car racing action is incidental.
10,It's really awesome. It's really awesomeㅠㅠ It's overwhelmingcrying
10,
9,I commend you for your performance in Bale
9,I made it so well that I don't know how 2 hours and 30 minutes passed.
10,I thought there would be only speed-enjoying action, but I commend Christian Bale for his acting skills, which kept the tension in various ways throughout the running time
10,If you like tea!I love Bourne and Batman's great acting
10,It was the best. Really?
10,A movie that makes even people who aren't interested in cars beat their hearts
10,A movie that can't be left out. I watched it three times in the theater, not to mention acting or story. Do you know that when the music is playing, the sound of starting or racing is placed like a musical instrument - so if you kill the music, people who don't know something say, "There's no music."
10,From start to finish, it feels like I drove at 7000 rpm in Shelby for 2 hours and a half
10,
8,The humane acting of two action actors was very impressive. It's not just a race movie. It's a movie with a lot of stories. There's a movie-like aspect that promotes Ford GT cars, and when you're done, you want to buy more Ferrari.
10,Action and touching. The best movie of 2019!
10,The best movie I've seen recently
8,It showed a realistic racing drama.
10,A must-see movie for men
10,A woman in her 30s who is not interested in cars. But the movie that I watched until the very end. And I've been waiting for the vod release! I want to see you again! The best movie without any action, actors' acting, content, or videos!
9,vhemvpfkfl gpsflvhem tkwkd tkrlRns
10,It was the best movie ever, and especially the OST delivered the excitement to the audience
10,
10,This movie itself was perfect
10,I didn't know it was too long That's how much fun it is
2,Wow, I bought the wrong ticket and lost money.
10,I would have regretted it if I hadn't seen it. It's almost over, but the movie theater is crowded. If you haven't seen it in the theater, don't regret it and watch it before you get off!
7,I watched it with my wife, and she said it was really fun and boring
8,It was fun. It was fun and touching
10,It was the best movie of 2019
10,It was touching. It was touching.
10,It was so much fun
10,It's been a while since I've had boring movies, but it's been a while since I've had a masterpiece. The storyline was perfect and the actors acted perfectly
10,Immersion and acting skills are the best!
10,Even if you don't like cars, I think it'll be fun to watch Hah!
10,
9,That's great. The charm of a car is
10,I read the score and thoughtlessly watched it.It's been a while since I saw a movie that made my heart race.I strongly recommend it.
10,
10,
10,One of the best movies of 2019. In particular, Christian Bale's performance is almost like a live-action performance It makes me believe that I am looking at a real person without thinking that it is acting at all. The conversation with my son is high quality
10,I really enjoyed itIt's more touching because it's a true story. As expected, Ferrari...
10,Why is the car movie so interesting?
10,It's been a while since I watched it with my heart pounding.
10,It's been a while since I watched it in a lot
10,Ford won the race, but Ferrari won everything.
8,When the movie ended, I felt like I was racing with himIt was a movie based on a true story that was more like a movie than a movie
9,It's more touching than I thought. I really enjoyed it. I highly recommend it to those who like racing.
10,
9,I really enjoyed it. The actor, the acting is great, the video, the story, the touching... I lost track of time and watched it
10,The acting story is really good!
10,
7,It's not Ford v Ferrari, it's Shelby and Ken's great challenge.I was expecting a racing movie, but who knew it was a human drama with family and friendship.Le Mans is not just a competition that wins based on speed, but I have too much regrets about what it would have been like if I expressed it in detail and in detail. If I just overtake it at the end, will I win? Le Mans isn't that kind of competition.
10,It's amazing that it was 152 minutes of running time after finishing the movie. You don't have to worry if you hesitate to watch a movie because you don't know much about cars (7000 RPM). You just have to know that the fast car wins.
8,It was fun. I went with elementary school students, and it was good for the children to see. However, I felt bad because the main character was in a bad mood at the end.
10,It was so much fun!
10,I'm not very interested in racing or cars, but I trusted Christian Bale Matt Damon and went to see him, but he was so funny that the time was deleted!!
6,The story of two men who got involved in the pride fight between the two companies. I can't believe Ken Miles was Christian Bale! Where did I see it?I did, but I couldn't recognize it because it was so different from my image. The racing sequence was so good, but it's boring in between.
9,I enjoyed watching it. I think it'll be more fun for people who like cars to watch
10,The car and the speed. Fantastic
10,I was riding a race car for two hours.
10,The best movie of my life!Mt. Baekdu was a waste of money, but Ford Ferrari is a movie to watch even if you pay more!It's the best movie ever.A movie that I want to watch two or three more times!!
8,It's a bit boring at first, but I thought my heart was pounding during the game. It's fun
10,It is the most interesting and touching movie I have seen in the past year. I'll watch it again if I have time.
10,You're meeting the best movie of 2019 all of a sudden here?
10,I watched it with my son and I really enjoyed itI am thankful that I can watch such a movie for 12,000 won
10,Wow... If you don't have TV and 5.1 sound over 65 at home, make sure to watch it at the theater. It can run at 7,000 Alfim for 2 hours and a half. When you take the subway home, it's a trap for you to be hit with reality.
10,
10,Hurry up and watch it before the screen goes down I hesitated about 10 times, but I'm regretting why I didn't watch it fast... I can't believe the ticket price is the same as Korean movies. I'm so nervous and nervous throughout the movie
7,The late racing scene is worth watching, but the long running time and the boredom of early and mid-term are somewhat difficult
10,
7,It wasn't bad to watch as a killing part
10,Riding in anger, mild taste...
10,A movie with all the emotions
10,His acting is amazing. I love StreeeIf you like cars, please watch it^^
10,
10,It's a movie that's real, but it's heartbreaking to the point where I cry even though it's full of excitement
10,It's perfect, it's perfect, it's touching ㅠㅠ
10,I can feel the crazy speed.The best movie I've seen recently
10,This is a movie. And the actors' acting is real
10,A movie you want to watch more than two or three times if you are a mechanical engineering student!
10,
10,I was immersed in the movie and when I came to my senses, it was two and a half hours ago
10,It was one of the movies that I thought was really fun
10,I'm sorry that I didn't see you in 4D Met Damon, it's Christian Bale, so I was kind of looking forward to it, but it's a really big movie. The sophisticated acting based on Christian Bale's testimony is also great, but the directing is crazy. Like someone said, 2 hours and 30 minutes passed like 7000 RPM. It's such a shame that you're flying it like this because you didn't even put this masterpiece on the screen. It was a great movie
10,The Ferrari president raised his hat to express his respect. the highest compliment among the players
8,I was bored in the beginning, so I was sleepy. The last race was "Jim"
10,He's a 41-year-old old man. I've watched it four times in the past 10 days (2D 2 times, 4D 2 times), "Titanic," "The Shawshank Escape," and "This movie is one of the top three movies of my life." It's an incredible masterpiece.
10,I'm a girl, but I really enjoyed watching it even if I wasn't interested in cars!I'm sorry that there might be a lot of people who are not interested in cars.It doesn't matter. It's funI hope you watch it!
10,It's late, but I really enjoyed it I didn't even know the time went by when I saw it, and I realized what it meant.
10,It's worth watching.
9,The cinematic pleasure of two men growing up by each other, not simply by running
8,The translation was so lame, but I hope to see this movie where there are people who really know and love "Cha." lightheadedness of mind
10,The actors' acting was the best.  Of course, the racing scene is the best
9,A moving movie...Christian Vale's acting is really good.Matt Damon is covered
3,Bored.. so bored
10,a wordless film
10,Best Movie of the Year
10,It's so much fun. I lost track of time and watched it
10,Everything is perfectSomeone wrote in the comments that they want to step on the road while driving home after watching a movie. I 100% agree with you
10,I enjoyed it Haha
10,If a civil servant does that, he will be appointed to the district office
10,In the beginning, I wondered what kind of movie it was, but it became a movie that I'd regret if I didn't watch it. I don't really like cars, but I'm sad that this is a true story, and I like it because the quality of the video is high.
8,I don't know if my expectations were too high
10,The movie combines the best actors with the visual beauty that seems to have digitized the real friendship and analog sensibilities of racers whose lives are completely curved in cars.
9,It's like I'm in the car and watching a movie.
10,The story is good and the visuals are great, so people who like cars must watch this movie
10,Best movie I've seen this year
10,I thought it was a racing movie, so I went to see it, and it was a movie that told me why the project failed and why it succeeded. Anyway, I guarantee you fun!
10,This movie is just crazy. My heart beats at 7000 rpm
7,Even if it's based on a true story, you have to adapt it properly, but why are there so many uncomfortable and dirty scenes? There's not a single scene that makes you feel uncomfortable and frustrated. Even the ending... I gave him 7 points because he likes Bale.
10,It's the best movie ever. I'm touched how long it's been since I saw a movie that makes my hands sweat and nervous and focused.The stable and realistic acting skills of the two actors. I can't forget that. After the movie, I realized that 3 hours is never long.Unfortunately, I'm sad that there aren't many theaters, but I wanted to feel the thrill again tomorrow at a quiet late night like today, so I booked again tomorrow as soon as I came out of the theater!I can only feel it on the big screen. Make sure to feel it!
10,It's so cool just by looking at the racing.But friendship, love, success, conspiracy and trickery in it.It's a perfect movie with all the fun elements.It's a life movie that's hard to choose which part to shed tears in.
10,I don't think I need words. I'm just thankful that the best actors made the best movies.Thank you for making this movie!
10,Nervousness is the best. Acting is the best
10,
10,As expected, it's hard to disappoint the true story. But it's Matt Damon's and Christian Bale's acting that makes it even brighter. The perfect carol and the proper portrayal of Ken Cha Deok-hoo. For Ford and other companies that are eager to make a difference, look especially carefully.
10,As expected, Cheonjo-guk Halli-Woo.There are movies that shovel sometimes, but compared to us who shovel every time and sometimes come out good movies...As expected, it's not a racing movie that just stomps on, but the difference between the mind classes of the two automakers and executives is felt. I understood why Ferrari is more luxurious
10,It's a work that I want to give a high reputation as a better view of other works by skipping the Frozen trends that are repeated every time. It's strange to see that it's distributed to Walt Disney
10,Personally, it's the best movie of 2019. You'll feel touched when you watch it at the theater
10,
10,I was looking forward to it even before the movie was released, but after watching it, I still want to watch it until I get sick of it.Not to mention the actors' acting, it was good because it felt clean and clean without any other elements being buried personally like a racing movie. It makes me want to find and listen to even the background music, especially the sound, and the time of about three hours didn't feel long at all. I watched it on screen x, but I'm so immersed. I wonder if it'll be fun to watch it on screen x. I really wanted to watch it on screen x, but I don't think there's a place that I'm doing it nowI'm so sorry about that. I wanted to feel the sound and vibration again.
10,Perfect rap 7,000 rpm...
10,The actors' acting stories, immersion and videos are perfect.
10,Matt Damon Christian Vale. You're a genius actor
10,This movie is my life movieIt's so good. You'll regret it if you don't watch it
6,It's fun. I made it well! There are a lot of adaptations, so there are many differences from the truth
10,It's not a movie about racing, it's a movie about life.
9,Even if you don't like cars, your heart beats fast
9,It showed the history of the two companies well, but best of all, Ken Miles' passion. Ken Miles, who is a little rough but has a pure passion for racing, was happier than anyone else in the world when he won the first half of the movie. The most impressive thing was the Le Mans match with Ken Miles, President Ford?The team's cars were ordered to cross the finish line side by side, but Ken Miles initially denied it. Ken Miles was feeling joy while driving alone, but it was most impressive to see him slow down and go with his colleagues. The action index is not very high, but the realistic appearance of racing was well described, so the vivid tension was well felt.
4,It's a good movie, but it's disappointing in terms of fun and immersion. The ratings are very high like Inception, Dark Knight, and Interstellar, but the ratings are high as expected, as if they were boring and not good. Of course, if I were to watch a Korean movie or this movie, I would watch this movie on a different scale, a world actor, and a huge amount of investment.
10,It's just the best.
10,I can't believe such a great movie is not doing so well. I had nothing to watch, so I watched it without thinking about it, too I thought it was 90 minutes but it was 2 hours and a half How many years has it been since I lost track of time?
10,Calm but not boring
10,It's a man's movie that a man must do!
9,You have to see it for yourself.
10,It's the first movie that my sixth-grade daughter's heart beat
8,It was a bit boring in the beginning, but from the mid to late (Women), it was very immersive and thrilling!It was long but fun (Laughing)
10,Can our country make this kind of movie?
10,
10,As expected of Matt Damon! I really enjoyed watching it I was sad that there weren't many theatersㅜㅜ
8,It was better because it was a true story
10,Vice President BB, the cancer-causing character
9,I really enjoyed it.
6,Who can beat the passion of 7000 rpm?
9,My heart rate is 7000 rpm
10,a man's film
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen this year. 7000 RPM... It's crazy
10,H.A.P.P.Y. Happy.
10,I'm a person who watches a lot of movies, but I'm deeply immersed in the movie. It's been a long time
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for a second.a thrill
10,
10,I hope Hyundai officials will see it. I hope a great manufacturer comes out in Korea
9,Indirect racing experience ㄱㄴ
10,
10,A real man movie that's too precious to be buried like this.
10,It was a heart-warming movie. My girlfriend didn't expect much, but she likes it more than I do. I strongly recommend it!
8,After the movie "30 Days Wonha Seoul Light 31 Days Wonha Megabox Dongdaemun Ford VS Ferrari 3 Days Gyolheewoong Cheongdam Park ☆ Yuna Dress Tour_Benz E300 (1.55 million closing ♠ hue)", the actual picture will be released.Ken Miles is just Christian Bale. It's the same, it's the same, Matt Damon's Carol Shelby helps out. Christian Vale's Ken Miles runs at 7000 RPM In Le Mans 24 race, which seemed impossible, three Fords beat Ferrari at the same time The last greeting of Enzo's eyes meant recognition and respect for Ken Miles. The engine exhaust sound that overshadows the long running time of two and a half hours makes my heart throb. After the movie, I was surprised to learn that Carol Shelby and Ken Miles were real people. Looking at the passion shown by Ken Miles, who became a star at the age of 47, I reflect and reflect on myself. Tickle, MOA. The last day of 2019 where I forget that tickle is precious. Even if it's like a roly poly! Let's do our best in 2020! Do you remember when we lost everything in the MOMACLE River, and then we got richer and richer? Life can rise again like a game ^-^ v Our main human resources will disappear soon! Coming soon ♬
10,It's gently wetting my heart. He's good at acting. Personally, the movie filled my empty heart and comforted me after seeing Mt. Baekdu that didn't meet my expectations^^
10,an interesting history story of a brand
10,Sometimes they can't get out of the car
8,Everything from the history of the car company to the race was fierce. It's fun as the movie progresses.
10,Orford is amazing at the start of the movie After the movie, Ford's S.B. boys
10,the impeccable performance of two actors The short life of the protagonist.
10,
10,It's my first Naver movie rating. a masterpiece
10,If you have a conscience, tell me. Baekdusan is more fun. That's disgusting
10,If you're not good at acting, it's crazy
6,It's a movie worth watching a few times.
10,
10,It's not worth the money
10,This is the perfect movie
10,Bale is still alive~♡
10,Perfection itself
10,It's "Jam Runner". I didn't know
9,I watched it alone, but I lost track of time
10,
9,. Engine sounds and brakes. I lost track of time. It was so much fun.
10,What would it be like to ride a car at 7000 RPM?You can tell by watching this movie
10,Another masterpiece! Another masterpiece! The lace is the basic background, but the video beauty and music that anyone can enjoy! It's a must-see movie at the theater
10,The movie that I thought would be boring went by like a song for 2 minutes and 30 seconds
10,Movies are like thisMust be seen in the theater
10,Ford wins the race, but Ford will never be happy to see this movie. The bitter business ethic of Ford. Ferrari is not a big part of this movie. Ford wins the race, but the story of the movie will never make Ford laugh... What a Ford movie. Only bitterness remains.  Good work!
9,Damn, I cried watching a car movie
10,It was more fun than Cyber Formula
10,My heart almost exploded in the highlight part of the movie
9,The first sports car I ride, unable to drive a car
10,
10,Feels like you're enjoying a racing game in the first person. ENGENE sounds good
10,
10,Every scene is precious. Endless passion for what you like and do well. It's a story that makes us reflect on ourselves because we're always busy measuring things before we do anything. 5 stars already just watching Matt Damon and Christian Bale for 2 1/2 hours.
10,Ford vs Ferrari vs Spark...
10,Wow, that's awesome. I'll have to watch it one more time!
10,The movie
10,Recommended for viewing with wide screen and good sound system
9,It's more touching because it's a true story. I really enjoyed watching it.
9,Matt Damon's race at the start of the movie was impressive.
9,It's a little tricky at first I'm getting into character. It's fun.
10,I really enjoyed it ㅠㅠ The sad scene made me tear up. It was so much fun. I was surprised that the running time was 2 hours and a half. I thought it was 100 minutes Lol It's too bad that there weren't many theaters because it was released at the end of the year.It would have been better if 4D could have been opened a little more ㅠㅠ It's too bad. I really enjoyed it and Matt Damon is great, but Christian Bale's acting is amazing.
8,
8,After the movie, I wanted to step on my dung car at 7000 rpm;;
10,Just watch it. The plot and the story are all goodThere are some things that make me think. It was fun. It wasn't a waste of money ^^
8,I just want to feel 7000 RPM.I know what zero gravity feels like.^&^
7,It's longer than I expected. Maybe it's because I looked forward to it a lot. I like your acting skills and real life
9,The movie that I watched with nervousness throughout the long running time, both acting and action are the best
10,Great move. Personally, a film with great suction power, although it was a subject of no great interest. The feeling between the two companies.You drew the characteristics well. I don't need to say much I made a good movie.
9,Engine, drum, guitar, bass, judgment, tenacity and effort...! If these things can't make a man cry, which ones can make a man's heart beat. In two and a half hours, my heart also jumped to 7,000 rpm.
10,Damn it. Ford, get out of here
10,It's really fun. You have to watch this in a lively way at the theater You have to express your tension with your whole body If you think, "Why aren't there any movies to watch these days?", don't hesitate to watch this movie!!
10,Needless to say, it is a great movie! But on this bulletin board, I am annoyed because of the words, "How was the Frozen?" and "How was Mt. Baekdu?"You can't watch this movie with five or six-year-olds, can you?I don't blame you for saying good things, but I hope that those who live in self-defense, who are Korean people, will be squeezed out
10,
10,Best movie of 2019
10,
10,Good.
10,Wow... Wow... Wow... The immersion is amazing.I can't say more because it might be a spoilerFirst of all, this movie! It's a movie that you have to watch at the movie theater. Haha
10,I already miss him running on the asphalt.
7,It wasn't as fun as I expected
10,I'm still a broke college student, but I won't buy a Ford if I get rich later
10,I love the sound of the engine10 points for two main actors' acting skills
10,Ha. The movie is 7000 RPM. I watched it at the movie theater. Good job
10,It was so much fun --T
10,I really enjoyed it! I lost track of time
9,A movie that expresses men's lives well.
10,It's the best movie in my life.
9,The engine sound... It's crazy
8,It's more interesting because it's a true story.Thank you for the eye candy.
7,It was interesting to develop in the early to mid-term with conflicts with the company. In the second half, it felt like it wasn't fun, but it was just a ball
10,It's been two hours. I couldn't believe it when I left the theater
6,There was no reversal for two and a half hours. Bale and Daven's performance was unrivaled and nothing to watch
9,It's been a while since I watched a movie. It's the best
10,What can't Bale really do?
8,a textbook for automobile racing movies
10,It makes my heart flutter even when I see it twice
7,More than I thought... It was just worth watching.
9,It's been a while since I enjoyed watching it.Driver and Vice President... I understand both.^^
1,It's too high, so I'll get off. It's a long movie and there may be no points to watch if you don't know even if you sleep in a car. It's a bit long movie, but it just went away at the end.
9,a Korean vice presidentLOL
9,It's a movie that I didn't really like because I thought it was a simple racing movie. It's such a relief to see this movie before it's out. It's not a short running time, but there was no time to be bored, and it's a movie where you can see what it is that gives you fun and touching. Matt Damon, who was chewing gum, and Christian Bale, who expressed his stubbornness just by speaking in a British accent, were so good at acting. I wonder where my RPM gauge needle is right now...
10,The racing was a good melting pot of dirty social life. Wasn't the greeting for the opening country service?
10,I watched it early in the morning, and I thought the pouring rain scene was the best. It felt like I was driving on a rainy road. I could feel the screen x4dx effect properly And Christian Vale's acting was so close to perfection that I didn't need to say. It's been a while since I last time in a while
9,There should be a lot of movies like this.
10,This is a movie
10,an inspirational and motivating film
10,It's really fun. If you're a guy, make sure to watch it.I didn't know how time went by.I'm sorry to end it, but this is what a movie is like.The actors' acting skills are crazy, but there is nothing missing from the directing video and sound story. Among the movies I watched this year, I was most focused and lost track of time.
10,There aren't many theaters, so I barely rode the last bus. What if I didn't watch it? My heart was pounding with a great sense of immersion.I think it's a movie that even people who are not interested in cars can enjoy watching. It's the best!!!
10,I lost track of time. I enjoyed it so muchIt's the best movie
8,The U.S. vs. Italy and Ford vs. Ferrari were a bit uncomfortable, but the story of the two main characters' struggles was touching. Ford is a deep-rooted evil in the Korean way these days. At that time, the U.S. seems to have a similar climate to the current Ul country. It's not business, it's people who only think about things up there.
10,
8,
10,It's really immersive. It's a movie that's fun even if you don't like cars
10,It was the best.Perfection without missing an actor or a director.One of the best movies of the year
10,
8,It's a drama, but it's directed at 7,000 rpm
10,I liked it's
7,an American national film.m. film
10,Ford's vice president is annoying, but you have to work hard and risk your life to get the right product. GT40 AS Cobra is a cool car. Video and beauty story production is the best
10,This movie cost less than 1.3 million. It's a movie that's worth watching without missing anything about acting, directing, and story. You don't have to know about cars. It'd be more fun if I knew.
10,The smoke is killing me.
9,I think I really lost track of time and focused on it I love this kind of movie
10,
10,I watched it without thinking much, but I put my hands together and got into it. I noticed that it was a two-and-a-half-hour movie
8,The fancy racing isn't directed, but it feels more real. A movie that seems like a racing movie but also criticizes society.
10,
10,It wasn't my favorite genre and I didn't expect much, but it was a movie full of story acting and everything. I really want to recommend it
8,It's a bit of an empty ending, but the tension is the best
9,Great friendship, beautiful passion, ugly marketing lol Ferrari president remember the clapping scene.
10,It's the best movie of the year.Really... Really...There's no need for wordsㅠㅠ I hope many people watch it, but there are not many theaters.
10,It's so much fun. My favorite movie
9,Christian Bale smells like Daniel Day Lewis. a fine film
6,It's an emotional movie about a dream and there's a bit of a cringe-worthy directing
8,That's why Ford has a weak lower body, the brakes are sloppy, and now I understand. Ferrari is a hell of a...
10,It is a work that shows the actors' acting skills and the production crew's directing skills. I enjoyed watching it for two and a half hours without being bored, and the kid who played the role of a son looked so cute, but he was so good at acting that he reminded me of my son at home and I was touched at the end. Thank you for making it so fun.^^
10,If it's 1.2 million, it's almost 10 million if you gave me a theater because it's Mt. Baekdu
10,
10,I watched a Korean movie this month because there was nothing to watch, but it went away for 3 hours
9,Their friendship and passion are wonderful. I feel sorry for the sudden death. The Encho Ferrari hat was despicable, but the pig-oiled Ford II and the vice president were pathetic.
10,Out of all the movies I haven't seen in a while, Oh's acting is so touching
10,I didn't expect much.It's not just a score
10,I was going to watch a movie alone on Christmas, but I watched it again at the beginning of the year feeling like winning the lottery. It was the best movie that overshadowed the names of 10 million movies
10,a heart-warming movie I can see why I stopped watching the angry run
10,Oh, it's just the best.I was shaking my legs, biting my nails, and I almost clapped in the middle of the movie, and you'll see You have to watch it!
1,I don't understand any of the contents if the translation is not done properly
10,4DX is the best. Ae-young ♡ I can't sleep because of lingering feelings ^^ I thought it wasn't because Christian was so ugly ^^ ^ It's an explosion of coolness. I strongly recommend it
10,Start jute. So much fun until the end
10,I was going home after watching a movie, and my car was rolling slowly
10,The actors were so good at acting that I was able to focus on them
10,It was thrilling and fun to watch.There was no time to be bored.The acting is good and the content is good.It was the best.
10,You'll find the first bit of boredom was gear one. I hope you can feel the acceleration of 2nd and 3rd stages
10,It's been a while since I watched a lot
8,I watched the movie without information, but now I am interested in the main characters, Ferrari, Ford, and racing competitions.
7,Acting and racing scenes are good. There's a bit of a drag.
10,Wow! It was really impressive! I really liked that it was a true story! Nice one! I'm giving you 10 stars
9,It's a movie that doesn't forget the story, the beauty of the movie, and the tension
10,I thought my heart was going to explode. It's okay if you look forward to it.
10,think of human beings in a system
9,It ends in vain, but I enjoyed watching it
9,The main characters are acting so well. The left-wing movie, which is biased in the history of the Korean Peninsula, is annoying, but I enjoyed the cool car action for the first time in a while. Car action that's not flashy but makes your heart beat faster
8,
10,It was a thrilling and fun movie. McDamon is so cool!?
10,I love racing
8,It is regrettable that the competition structure lacks 2 percent. Had the rival elements been highlighted more clearly whether Ferrari was the main rival or the internal decision maker was the rival.
8,It's consistently speedy. It's impressive that the characters who don't care about the shallow tricks are strong. This is fun.
10,I saw it at Megabox ATMOS Hall. It was great to see the rich sound. I didn't know the running time would go by so quickly
10,I wondered what I could watch in a racing movie except for eye candy, but it wasn't just a racing movie. He showed not only competition and passion, but also family love and friendship. In particular, I think many office workers were moved and sympathized with the way they resigned and kept their beliefs in the conflict situation within the organization. Finally, I want to record this movie as 'a movie that made me want to put passion into my job'. Like Ken Miles, I want to enjoy the work itself, challenge it to the end, and achieve results.
10,I am ashamed of the Korean works that are being screened together
10,I want to buy a manual car.
10,2019 begins with Bohemian Rhapsody and ends with Ford V Ferrari
8,It was fun. It was exciting
10,Best acting skills. Interesting content. Not boring for a second
9,This kind of movie is highly regarded... It's true that it's playing for a long time. That's right Well-made
10,Even if it's 20,000 won, I'll have to watch it in 4D It'd be nice to have a long show
10,I watched it in 4D because there was no theater, but it was not a waste of money. For those who didn't see it, hurry up and get on the last train!
7,Rainy Le Mans 24 is like a cartoon character. It's a bummer
10,Matt Damon, Christian Vale's acting is amazing. It's fun
10,It's not a movie that's going to fall behind Mt. Baekdu - I recommend you to watch it at the movie theater soon!
8,The thrill and motivation of the last game is good
10,
10,This is my first time to leave a star rating because of this movie. If you think about the speed and action scenes, this movie is a pass! However, if you want to see this movie as a movie, it would be a trick to see a movie like this once in a few years.
10,
10,It's a really cool movie that makes your hands sweat♀?
10,I was sweating and nervous And I thought I was running in Le Mans
10,It's fun. Not to mention actors, I held back the bathroom all the time I watched it
7,But is it action Yeonhwa?;
8,I thought it was a movie for Ford or Ferrari, but it wasn't. Recommendation
9,It's a movie that makes viewers' hearts race at 7,000 bpm. Ford doesn't go bust, but he knows why it's cheap.
10,It feels like we're riding together, and I'm thrilled, so what else do I need to say?
10,I tried to copy it at gta and it exploded
10,The best movie of 2019. It's not just a race. It's a story. What is an individual who sacrifices for an organization?!
10,The scene of the last Le Mans 24 match was really impressive!
6,Well, this movie has a high rating But the public is pretty accurate...It's not that I'm not popular at the theater for no reason. It wasn't good in the States either
10,It's been a long time since I saw a well-made movie.Christian Vale. Met Damon... Good casting.
10,I didn't expect much, but I enjoyed it a lot
10,
9,I eat first with my acting skills and the story is fun. The racing scenes are worth watching.
10,Everything was good. I'm not that interested in racing, but I enjoyed it with a lot of tension Two and a half hours was never boring.
10,sense, notice, detect, become aware
10,The acting was good and it was fun that the storyline was solid.I saw it with my son who likes tea because he said he wanted to see it
7,The acting of the two main actors is neither excessive nor light, nor is it focused on one side.
9,A movie that doesn't have anything to download! I definitely recommend it
10,
10,It was regrettable that Ferrari had a small proportion compared to the title of Ford v Ferrari. Still, I enjoyed watching the movie
7,It is worth watching because of the racing scene.The running time is too long for the content.
10,If you haven't seen this in 4D yet! I feel sorry for you ㅠㅠㅠ
9,It's fun. Christian Bale's acting is the best!
10,It's fun. It's fun
10,The enemy of men is not men, but corporate oldies.
10,It's a movie that even women like. Ultra capson is the best!I don't want to buy a Ford.
8,I saw it with Megabox sound machine, and if it was fun, it would be a real story, so it's a bummer
10,White boy, make sure to watch it
10,The person next to me clapped while watching, so I was surprised. He's so into it
8,I'm glad I watched it - it's a movie that I think of.
1,It's my first time... I didn't know I had this many part- I didn't know...
10,
9,A movie that you want to go to 7000 rpm
10,It was so fun and touching
10,
10,It's been playing for a long time, so I watched it quickly. The sound is amazing. I didn't know anything about racing, but I enjoyed watching it Hurry up and watch it before you get off ㅠㅠT
9,The main character's short but bold life... A life that not everyone can follow... I'm afraid to imitate him
9,I watched it in the theater and went out in the middle of my life, and now I saw it on the Internet, but 2:30 was not long and it was interesting. It would have been more fun if I watched it until the endㅠㅠ
10,Best movie I've ever seen in 19
10,
10,
8,The feeling of speed vibrates throughout the body. I'm going to buy a car soon, too!
10,I don't even know about the movie "Racing" that I met as soon as the new year came, but time flew by. It's really fun
10,If there were a lot of screens, the audience would have hit jackpot!a smoke bomb
10,
10,I'm going to watch it now. It's the best movie of 2020, right?
10,So much fun. So much fun. Chewing. So much fun. So much fun!
10,
10,
8,It's my first time to watch a car racing movie, but it's fun to immerse myself in it You have to watch this at the movie theater. You can't watch it at home because of the screen size
10,What money can't buy A person who loves his or her work purely and has passion
10,I think the domestic theater scene represents Ken Miles. This kind of work should take more time. It's 1 a.m. Not once a day!
10,Just look at it for yourself. You can feel the thrill and emotion with the sound only when you go to the movie theater.
6,I guess I was really looking forward to it. It wasn't as good as NAVER's movie rating of 9.3 But the music in the movie was really good The actors' acting was of course good^^
8,
10,Starting today, the boycott of Ford
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen in almost a year. It's a shame that more people can't see such masterpieces because of the screen monopoly
6,I didn't expect much, but the story and the acting were great. But the ending... Why does it end like that?I was looking forward to a happy ending. Christian Bale, Met Damon's performance is good, thrilling and fun, but it's a movie that feels empty, bitter, and weak.
10,The story is so dramatic that it's almost a true story
10,I want to be vice president of Ford
10,I can feel the thrill in the racing scene and the adrenaline explosion! The growling engine sound is as wonderful as a tiger's roar, so I get goose bumps all over my body. I wanted to watch it while screaming, but I'm sad because it's a movie theater. I'm going to watch it
10,
10,Today, I'm going home at 7000 rpm. The contact point with blurred vision
10,It's so much fun. I love all the stories
10,It's a movie that made my heart beat all the time I watched it without getting tired of it.
8,He's good at acting. I enjoyed it
9,The moment of organization coercion and choice, and the galloping
10,This movie is perfect. Even Molly in Ken's wife is fantastic.
9,The friendship between Carol Shelby and Ken Miles. a car-loving film
9,With the sound of an engine... Boom Boom Boom boom!
10,It was fun. Hello. That's the point
10,The perfect movie that ended 2019
10,There's no time to be bored! I recommend it!
9,7000rpm...I enjoyed watching it~~
10,I enjoyed watching the movie throughout the whole time
10,Personally, it's better than Frozen
10,
10,It's the best movie ever~ I'm totally immersed in the sound of my heart bursting and the tension ^^
10,It's the best. I'll see you again.
10,It's been a long time since the Mad Max, the five senses are so pleasant and the movie is so great that none of the racing movies can be compared to the previous ones.
10,I thought I couldn't watch it because there weren't many theaters, but it was really fun! Make sure to watch it at the theater!
5,It's a true story, it's a story, it's a thrill in a car race, it's a bit worth seeing
10,I'm just crazy. Please watch it at the theater
10,Car? Racing? I'm not interested in it as much as Eundan, but he said he wanted to see my grey kitten, so I watched it. My heart was racing more loudly than when I heard the sound of the refrigerator running in my house alone in the morning. I was happy when I saw the scene of the movie, and I sobbed when I saw the movie.ㅠㅠ, look at this twice Watch it three times. Please watch it. It's so harmonious...
10,The best racing movie was so fun that I was surprised to find out that it was based on a true story.All racing movies, look at this and reflect on yourself.The combination of engine sound and music was excellent and I liked it so much that I didn't know anything about cars. I like Cha's fans. They're going to faint
10,The best, the best, the best
10,This movie is real.Just look.
10,It's been a while since I've seen such a great movie and great actingIf you haven't seen it, please watch itHaha
10,That's great ^^ Make sure you watch it on the big screen
10,I watched a great movie after a long time
10,I really enjoyed watching it because the solid story and the actors' great acting went well together!!!
10,A masterpiece buried between trash and Korean movies
7,A driver who has to fight shallow capitalism.
8,It was fun. It was nice to see Met Damon's deep wrinkles after a long time.But Christian Bale's acting is the best. be watching a racing sceneThe ending is just around the corner. I strongly recommend watching it in 4DX. I wonder how many people are watching right now.I can confidently say that it is the best 5 movies of the year.
2,I turned it off after watching it for 10 minutes.It's not funny.
10,The story is interesting and it is very realistic with many sports cars
10,
8,It's Met Domet, but Bale is the best. Ken is reincarnated
10,
10,It's so much fun~Five stars
10,It was the best movie I've seen this yearI can't believe it's only a million
10,It's been a really long time since I watched a really fun movie.153 minutes went by so fast... 7,000 rpm...
10,I keep thinking about "Seven Toussen RPM." This movie is so good!
10,I'm not interested in cars and don't have a license, so I lost track of time. Everything ends with perfect... The acting and directing are great. If I knew the culture of Ferrari and Ford, I would have enjoyed it more than now.
10,The galloping of anger has disappeared.
10,
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words
6,I went to the movie theater late because of the high star rating.The couple next door went out in the middle.The boyfriend slept in the middle and was bored, but the story was fine.
10,I enjoyed watching it. Thanks to you, my heart starts beating with passion again.
9,Batman V Jason Bourne
10,I didn't expect much, but I watched my favorite movie. Humor, realism, touching, story, everything. But let's drive safely on the road^^
10,Who clapped for the last Miles? Ford can never go beyond Ferrari
10,The tension, story, acting, and visual beauty are all great!
10,It's so much fun. It lingers in my mind.
9,I was sweating until the very endIt's so much fun even when I wake up.
8,
8,It was nice to see Ford and Ferrari in the old days and they were just as cool as OOO in sports cars
10,It's a really awesome movie
6,a Ford with a door closed a film as stuffy as
8,The movie that I watched until the end. It's a shame that I didn't feel 7,000 rpm because I was scared of bait. I was looking forward to Netflix, but the movie theater is the best
7,
10,It's so much fun. Watch it twice
9,Christian Bale's acting is amazing
10,It's totally fun to watch, it's fun to watch acting, and I want to watch it in 4D again!
9,I wondered if Christian Bale's acting style had changed, but I got goosebumps when the actual main character came out at the end.The driver should watch the movie and watch out for speeding when he goes home...!
10,As a racing movie, the thrilling and full sound is the best. The production and screenplay were very solid, it was packed to the point where there were no unnecessary scenes, and the individual characters were set only as needed. The background suitable for the time and excellent video matching the car were also good. One disadvantage is that time flies so fast.
9,Jam continuous sound
10,
10,Wow, I really enjoyed it ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Good composition, good acting, so I came out and saw the information, and there were people I liked
10,
8,The running time is longer than I thought. You have to watch it carefully to understand the context. It's fun.
10,It's a masterpiece
10,It was so much fun. I didn't know it was boring for more than 2 hours
10,Best. Add to the list of best movies
10,If it's really fun, I think it'll be fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Thank you
6,It wasn't as good as I thought It's worth watching
9,
10,
10,I'll go to the theater twice in 2019. To watch Endgame and Ford v Ferrari.It is surprising that these two movies can be viewed at the same price as Korean movies.
2,The ending is totally weird. I think it'll be hard for people who don't like cars to watch.-
10,It was not just a touching film, but a melting of our reality, and it was a movie that made it more beautiful with the aspirations and realistic performances of the two main characters than the results of real conformity
10,Best movie to remember for a long time
8,As much as it was really hot, it hurts so much at the end. (Crying)
1,It's a movie that will give you 8.5 points. The reviews are so excessive that I give you zero points.From the scene where a woman drives, is there a movie like this?I watched it till the end, full of annoyance at the thought.She's a wife and a mother to a child. He quietly asks his husband what he should have done, risking his life by driving recklessly. Have you ever seen this kind of relationship? I can't believe she's a mother.
9,
10,It's so much fun I really enjoyed it Make sure you watch it
10,There was a standing ovation in my mind as the ending credits went up.A real movie amid the flood of movies at the end of the year and the beginning of the year, and thank you ♥
10,I want to see a great movie one more!
10,
9,It's touching. The actors' acting...
10,
10,When Ken is playing, every time he focuses and speeds up, there's a moment when he turns down all the noise around him and makes his nervous breathing sound, I really can't breathe, and I'm breathing the same way as Ken... Bale and Met Damon are both acting crazy
10,It's a shame that the movie came down quickly because of the screen monopoly. He's got great suction power.  After watching a movie, I felt that my heart was beating after a long time. It's a movie that I have to watch at the movie theater because of its sound and beauty.  crying
10,The essence of crazy acting, interesting story, and excellent directing!
10,
9,It would have been more fun if I watched it at the theater
10,Since CJ monopolizes the theater, the trashy mountain will win first place!!! This movie is incomparable to Mt. Baekdu
10,I enjoyed watching "Zoomma in her 30 years ago
9,
10,A well-made movie that I couldn't relax the whole time.  I don't know how bad executives are for the company.
10,There aren't many theaters, so for those who haven't seen it...You don't know how much you've been scammed.It's a great movie to be a life movie. Make sure you watch it.
10,잠깐 기다려라
10,I'm happy that I was tricked by two masters of acting, knowing that Ferrari wasn't a villain, but Ford was a villain
10,It's been a long time since I watched a movie in a theater, and I really enjoyed it. Matt Damon and Christian Bale's performance was so perfect, and the directing and screenplay were also perfect. The racing scene that makes your heart race is the best. I want to see it again It was a perfect movie.
10,A moving movie, a movie like a movie. One of the few things in my life
9,It's really fun. If you like action, you'll get 10 points. + Ferrari CEO is cool
10,Top 3 movies I've seen in recent years
10,I'm sorry to watch this for 10,000 won. The video is crazy, but their acting is crazy, tooI miss you again
10,It became the no.1 movie of my life
10,January 2020. I'm 33 years old this year. I was born with this tension, excitement, and mysterious emotion. I've never seen a movie like this before. I didn't expect much, but I was even touched by the fun.
9,A movie about a perfect man with a car and a racing instinct
10,First of all, I'm a person who watches a movie after getting a grade, but please watch this I had two CGV tickets, but I don't regret watching it in 4D after paying for it It's embarrassing to get a discount for using points. I'm not going to talk to people who haven't seen this movie. You'll know what it's about when you see it I'm a very strict person in movies, but I didn't think that time would last long while watching this movie. I think it's been about an hour, but the movie ended. You have to watch it in 4D at the theater It's unconditionally
10,Director, acting, story, video beauty, sound, OST, everything was perfect. It's much more fun than "The Fast and the Furious" and it's been a while since the animated car series.
10,I really felt the thrill of blood boiling in my body.I lost track of time
10,
10,It's as fun as Seven Taujand BifuM I hope you watch it!
10,I'm sick and tired of acting and directing
10,It's so fun. I thought it was so well made, and it was Director Logan. The movie has high level of perfection and fun as a racing movie based on a true story.I feel a bit bitter after watching it. that individual dreams and efforts are not as important as leaving a picture of the CEO of the conglomerate. As soon as I saw the first scene, I realized that this movie will be fun in the future. Make sure to watch it. It's as fun as if your heart is going to explode even if you don't have romance or psychopath. Please don't spend billions and tens of billions and tens of billions and tens of billions and tens of billions and tens of billions and tens of billions and tens of billions and tens of billions and tens of billions of dollars on
9,I didn't know that I would look at the subject of boring and obvious racing with both hands. Mise-en-scene bursts, so it overflows and helps OST. The twist at the end...
9,a legendary story The movie was inspired by the story.
10,Moments that are touched in life make me feel happy. I watched a movie that touched my heart after a long time. It's a good movie that's hard to meet these days
10,In the middle, Matt Damon said, "Hello," and he put it in because there was a Korean designer among Shelby's It's like a high-profile case
10,I was so surprised and the development was so good because I felt the speed even though I was sitting still. However, on the way home, we overlooked the fact that Pyeongtaek Bus 70 is faster than Miles' sports car.
10,About how to live, a good movie where Koreans can feel a lot while watching it
10,I feel suffocated and my heart beats
10,Korean movies? This is the movie
10,I can't forget the first scene. The sound was great
10,It was fun to talk about the movie behind GT-40, which is a good movie to put on the list of movies of my lifeUntouchable 1% friendship in the racing world
8,Ford is a bully
10,Make sure to watch "Gae-Jon-Jam
10,I think all the handsome actors and actresses are perfect in acting are perfect.
10,
10,No words needed ㅠㅠ to be a life movie
10,I'm sorry that I got pushed back because of Frozen. Please watch it
10,Racing on the way home afterwards
10,
10,It's a perfect car. A movie
10,After watching the movie, I was riding my bike home and I saw myself stepping on the lung pedal at 7000 rpm.It was thrilling.
9,Carole and Ken's cammy is enough already.I think it's the best movie I've seen recently
10,I didn't expect it.It was so much fun. The story was solid and touching, the actors were acting and the chemistry between the two actors was great. Based on the true story, it was more interesting...I want to recommend this movie to everyone. I don't really like action. I strongly recommend it!
10,If I had to pick just one movie in 2019, it would be this movie.I would probably choose this movie if I had to pick just one movie after 2000.
10,V8 You have to watch a movie like this at the theater
10,He doesn't know anything about cars, but the scene of the car race was the best, and I feel that the word "expert" should not be used carelessly. I met a real winner in the movie. Heart-warming
10,If you like cars, make sure to watch itLOL
10,It's so touching to see it on the big screenMy heart is pounding at the sound of the engine
10,The scene of the movie was really well made, the scene transition through broken glass was organized, and the build-up for the last race was really neat
10,Chairman Ford's fat... Pig
10,
10,You're the best. Your acting is the best. Christian Bale, John, cool. I love you.
6,There are a lot of elements but there's no intensity
10,Why are you making my heart flutter?
9,Matt Damon and Bale's performance alone is great
10,If you don't watch it, you'll lose your life in 4dx
10,I watched it without knowing the time went by for 2 hours and 30 minutes.  Without realizing it, tears...
10,
9,James Mangold made two must-see movies.Logan and this movie. The two films may have the same theme.Hero's power and car/racing skills were not the main characters.
10,Garbage is different from Korean movies  Please watch it
10,It is said that the Ford people weren't really that bad, and Ken Miles wasn't such a difficult person. But it was enough to bring interest and interest to strangers. It wasn't true that they were trying to trick the Parari team, but the race was described very realistically. In conclusion, I really enjoyed it and it was exciting.
10,Well-made in every way
10,Personally, it's the best movie of 2019! A movie you want to watch again!
10,Why Ford can't do Ferrari
10,A man who puts everything into the "work" he loves. And the wicked who exploit and exploit it. Can you compare it to Korean movies? It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece.
10,It was touching and fun!
10,It's just really fun.In the racing scene, my heart was beating even though I didn't know
10,
10,
10,Everything was perfect.  I was so angry at myself for learning this story now. If you're a car lover, you'll have to keep Ken Miles in your heart.
8,Actually, it's 8.4 points
10,It's a moving and good-thinking movie! You're the best!
10,Just watch it. It's my favorite movie
10,It's fun
10,I watched it at the MX theater for 12,000 won, but if I pay twice, I'll watch it on MX again.
1,Seriously, it's no fun. I thought Bourne and Batman were racing, but they're just like Ford's dictionary. It's so boring. Two races in a long running time, and two hours a movie. You're making a lot of comments. What's up with 10 points?
1,I've never seen such a boring racing movie in my life. Rather than watching this, the 2013 Rush as a torrent is much more fun. From the beginning, the powerful racing player with the German nurse, the immersive, speedy storytelling, and rush are all much better. Ford Ferrari. This is a yawning zone all the time.I got one
9,For a drama movie, it's just coffee racing movie, T.O.P
10,What a woman is, whenever a man is in a big business, he gets tackled.I wanted to stick it in my philtrum--
10,
9,a world in which money is collected by any means It is bitter, but it tells the reason why American cars cannot beat European cars.
8,It was worth watching
10,The best story acting ability I've seen in 28 years of my life. Do I need more words?
10,The sound of the engine still hits my chest!
10,
6,First of all, the movie was too long and I couldn't concentrate on the movie.
10,If I were you, I'd quit being cheap, and I'd trust you to move to Ferrari, but I wouldn't know what it was
10,Time flies!!!I'm sad that there aren't many theaterscrying
9,The best video sound story is serious
10,It's so funny, but it's a true story. If you want to beat him up, he's like an ant, an oompa-lumpa who lost weight.Anyway, old people are always disgusting. I wanted to beat OOO
10,When my boyfriend asked me to watch this movie, I was sniffing around and asked him what his name was. I saw the critic's high rating and went to watch it alone.It's the best. ㅠㅠ Watching the movie made my heart explode.Met Damon is so attractive. And I don't like Ford.I can relate to all the ratings. Hello, I heard that too
10,
7,I watched it at COEX mx theater expecting the best racing movie after watching it, but it wasn't as good as I expected. Riding in anger and baby driver wrote it much more fun
10,She's so immersed that she doesn't have time!
10,A movie that you have to watch at the theater. The best movie of 2019... There are still many companies and organizations like Ford. I hope you realize something from that.Christian Bale, Matt Damon is the best!
8,Just like racing cars that get to their destination faster than a normal car, they quickly take the audience to the end point with adrenaline
8,Action story directing. All advanced
10,
10,a rare move based on a true story There's nothing better than a car lover. It couldn't be more perfect. America's unique hero mentality comes out in subtitles at the end, but other than that, it was perfect. Without Mt. Baekdu, the movie would have seen more than 100,000 movie theaters through word of mouth. Look.
10,Good ^^ There are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who'll see it once
10,The best movie you have to watch at the theater
10,Watch it in 4D
10,This is a movie that will be fun to watch in the movie theater.
10,124! It was exciting and touching. I really enjoyed watching itI lost track of the actors' crazy acting skills! It's based on a true story, so we know the history of Ferrari and Ford Hahaha
10,I didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes long. It's really fun It's really...
10,I enjoyed watching it Haha
10,It was so much fun and I was so angry that I didn't want it to be real
1,It's one of the driving costs. If it's Korea, you're not good at it'
10,It's so much fun
9,Immersion and acting are the best!
10,I didn't like racing, but it's so much fun
7,The speed was worth watching
10,I'm totally satisfied with Christian Vale's acting
10,It's the best movie I've seen since 2019!Make sure to watch it in 4dx!I just saw it and I want to see it!It's the best! I even think it's too cheap It's my first time leaving a hook like this!Make sure to watch it!
10,심지어 자동차나 경주에 관심이 없는 사람에게도, 그 이야기는 흥미롭고 여러분을 끌어당깁니다!
10,How is this possible? It made me think that countless times, and I was amazed by the solid storyline and the acting skills of the two main characters. Personally, it was the best movie I've ever seen in 2019.
10,Even I, who is not very interested in cars, get immersed in watching with sweat in my hands. Actor who is good at acting, great directing and music... a perfect combination of three beats
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie with no regrets about money
10,Matt Damon movie without failure!
9,Something sticky that transcends the Ford vs Ferrari confrontation
10,Watching this movie at the theater was a good move
10,I know movies aren't all the sameBut this movie is very memorable.
10,That's cool. It motivates me a lot to live today by doing my best and being satisfied with what I like.
8,The directing and acting were so good. It was good to feel the la unexpectedly
9,Not only did the thrilling racing scene lead the work without being bored, but it was also fun to watch because the political interests and confrontations surrounding the game were organized. Not to mention the actors' acting was great.
7,I saw it because I heard it was a great movie. I don't like it...
9,I'm happy to see an interesting movie after a long time.^^
10,January 2nd, 11:50 a.m. Daegu CGV row 8, it's good to eat nachos, but stop looking at your cell phone, you punk. I feel sorry for the boyfriend next to me.
9,I want to buy a nice car. The actors are so good at acting
10,It's the movie of my life movie. Make sure you watch it. It is also recommended for people who are not interested in cars or actions.
10,This is a movie... My wife who knew how to sleep is the best movie of her life. I hope it goes up in the charts
10,What is the purpose of the movie? Isn't it fun?
8,It's a bit boring but fun
10,I lost track of time.I didn't realize the movie was long until it was over.The sound of the car engine is very exciting^^
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Best movie I've seen this year!Why isn't there enough theaters for this kind of movie?It's a good movie even for me as a woman.
10,It's the best movie of 2019.I didn't know it was a long movie  It's a must-see movie at the theater^^
10,This is a movie that will change the world.
10,I watched 4D on Yongsan CGV yesterday It was the best movie I've ever seen in 4D! If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it!
10,I'm going to buy a racing game after watching this
10,I really enjoyed watching it. What kind of movie is this fun? Tears come out from time to time.
10,It's the best. The sound of the engine is the best
10,It was a movie that made my heart race throughout the movie.
6,After watching this movie, I hit an elk with a car on my way home.It was a moment of overlap with Ken Miles, but he didn't die.I give you 6 points because it costs a lot to repair.
10,Ford may have won the race, but Ferrari won the spirit of the car. A movie that upsets Ford after watching it
10,
10,Two and a half hours... New Year's First Movie Success
10,It's a masterpiece. I strongly recommend it.
8,I watched Le Mans 24 because I felt like Christian Bale was going to die. Nothing's happening. This production may have saved this movie.
10,I could feel my heart beating throughout the movie. What I felt after watching this movie was that I had to see the rating rather than the movie ranking. The calm stories are touching.
10,No matter what, 4dx. No matter what, please. 4dx exists for this kind of movie. When the engine is shaking, the seat is shaking, so excited!
10,
10,It's a pity that there aren't many theaters for such masterpieces.Make sure you watch it. It's a movie that you will be fascinated even if you donApplause for the actors' amazing acting and direction! Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap, clap
10,Matt Damon and Christian Vale's fantastic combination of classic composition and high perfection guides you to the asphalt of Le Mans 24's racing circuit, which smells of gasoline and heats up The best movie to boost your heart to 7,000 rpm and pump up the adrenaline rush of emotion...!A good hidden masterpiece to start off 2020 in a good mood that will wash away your eyes and ears from the number of theaters you've fallen for "Ashfall"...!! Two thumbs up!!!
10,The story that made my heart beat, the beauty of the video, the acting, the laughter that I felt was a bit disappointing
9,A real case of the proverb that many cooks spoil the broth.I was worried that it might be too much of a racing movie, but it was nothing more than a scare. The understandable and convincing development, good acting by good actors, and a great finish!The running time doesn't feel long.It's a movie that American car officials like Ford should watch.
10,If you hit an ant, it's the best movie of your life
10,I have no regrets. Please watch it!
10,Real work, love, family, friendship, money, honor. It's a movie that makes me think about everything, and it's both humorous and touchingㅠㅠ I got a life movie after watching this ㅠㅠ!!!
10,I went to Mt. Baekdu yesterday and felt bitter. I went to Hong Kong by Ford vs Ferrari today after healing in Midway Island. This is the best! This is the movie!
10,The best! Ken Miles' innocence was so beautiful and sad.A true racer!
10,Innocent racer's passion and acting skills are the best!
10,Why did I watch this movie at the theater now?I'm sorry to see you late, but I'm glad to see you late at the theater!
10,It's really fun. My heart is pounding. It's been a while since I watched a movie called Yanghwa. I want to go watch it again.
10,Is there no 11 points? 11 points for acting, story and dynamic
8,
9,It's fun
9,How can this movie have 10,000 viewers? It's not even a million...
10,Realized why Ferrari is still recognized as the best car.
10,Matt Damon, trust me.♡ I love you forever ♡ Heart, heart, heart ♡
9,I thought it was a very well-made movie. It's a shame the crowd
10,The most heart-throbbing movie I've seen recently
10,The biggest drawback is that there aren't many theaters.I really enjoyed it. The best acting skills, story, immersion, and visual beauty of 2019
10,
8,It is the best acting movie with perfect visuals for 150 minutes.
10,The ending is sad, but the racing scene was exciting and fun
10,Bessin always trusts and sees7000 rpm immersion
10,Wow, my heart is pounding even after I saw it.
10,Why did we barely get over a million? It's the funniest...
9,It was a moment where I didn't waste 10,000 wonIt's really fun
10,Lee Byung-hun, Ha Jung-woo, Ma Dong-seok will be ashamed of their own movie after watching Ford V Ferrari
1,Baekdusan Mountain is more fun
10,Who will win if Batman and Jason Bourne fight?
8,It was so fun that I lost track of time
10,The long running time went by overshadowingly quickly.
10,
10,I thought about living my life like Ferrari and Miles.
10,This is called a movie
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie with 10 points
10,The best movie. It was a masterpiece
7,One of the must-see movies this year, the actors' acting and directing, the movie you will regret if you miss
9,This movie is a man's movie
10,
10,I don't watch ㅠㅠ. People who watch it get nervous It was really exciting, so I watched it while shaking. It wasn't cold, but the acting was amazing. Above all, it was full of tension I think it's the best movie in my life I
10,I chose it after looking at the review and it's the best.I feel like I'm watching a racing game. Make sure to watch the big screen theater in a good place.
10,A realistic ending... I don't want to go to work
10,I'm tearing up and choking up.
10,
10,The best car movie. You're so into it
10,It's a movie that's not stimulating but has the best immersion, and it really makes use of the original charm of the movie! There's nothing wrong with the advertising phrase. Hah!
10,It's so much fun. The actors' acting was no joke and the plot was great
10,It's my first time to get a rating.It's the best
10,
10,It's fun if you watch it out of your mindlessly
10,I took a look and took my parents, uncle, and the rest of my life to see it again.  Everyone couldn't get out of the immersion and watched it from beginning to end.  After a few years, I discovered the greatest painting of my life.  I think the box office hit was lukewarm because the movie posters and previews were not interesting. I'm so surprised once I see it.
8,I think the two actors acted and directed the music story
10,A movie I can't get enough of. You can feel the thrill of racing as it is. A movie that makes you think about life.
10,The best movie, "Hot Heart" 7,000 rpm
10,It's an action movie, and the running time of two and a half hours is convincing. A movie where you can ask yourself when you need speed control in your life and when you have to push yourself to the limit.
10,I watched it while feeling nervous. It was nice to hear the engine sound
9,The passionate performance and director's direction of luxury actors who didn't make it into a cold and overflowing action racing movie
10,
10,7000개 이상 지옥처럼 사라짐
10,The sound of the car engine sounds like music. I watched it without any information. I fell in love with it
10,Their lives are too good to be a racing movie
9,2 hours and 40 minutes went by so quickly
10,
10,Everything is perfect!
9,It's a movie of men. It's a combination of people who want to achieve their dreams, and people who want to use it to gain money and status or crush others. But what's going to go down in history is the people who achieved their dreams.
10,Art! I don't need words
9,Matt Damon and Christian Bale's fantasy combo
10,
9,Ford chose money but Ferrari chose Pride for cars!!That's where Ford and Ferrari are now
8,I want to feel like I'm running fastlol
2,I'm sleepy. I just woke up
7,So Ford hasn't won since then.
10,It was fun, so I recorded it slowly.
10,I watched a movie because I liked Met Damon. The acting of the two main characters was amazing, and it was thrilling while speeding up. Another movie I want to watch... I want to recommend this movie to my friend
10,Christian Vale, John, you're so cool.This is the movie.
10,The most memorable movie of 2019
10,Time flies... It was the most interesting movie I watched recently
8,
9,What the audience saw was not "Ford V Ferrari," but "Ford's oldies."L
8,Bale, it was so cool and nice, but it was a little boring because it was mostly a persuasive conversation scene. The last racing part was amazing
10,It's been a while since I saw a man's movie
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year
10,Best movie. Satisfied with the content, thrills, and sound
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Best work, acting, directing, video... Everything is the best! It is dragged with strong suction power without any boredom. I was surprised to see that 2 hours and 30 minutes passed after the movie.
10,
10,A first-year girl, a third-year boy, a 42-year-old male adult, and a 40-year-old lady should also stay out for two and a half hours. It's so touching. Music is such a good thing
10,The friendship and speed scenes of the two were appropriate.
10,It was nice to know the history of Ford and Ferrari and everything about mentor racing What an interesting movie ^^
10,I like you all
10,
10,The production and story based on a true story are touching
10,It's really funI think it will remain in my memory for a long timeI've watched almost all the movies that are showing right now, but I think this is the best
10,
10,The actors' acting skills are really...My hands are sweating I strongly recommend it
10,The car was high and low, there was corruption, and it was bitter, but it was a movie that said everything with its visual beauty and acting skills. Good!!!
10,It's a pretty long movie, but I lost track of time. It was the most fun. The best movie I've seen lately
10,My favorite movie
8,There was a reason why the reviews were good! Looking at Ford's frustrating management, it seemed like he ate 100 sweet potatoes without water, and Ken's wife was so sexy in the meantime.
10,It was so much funIt's a little bit bitter, but...
8,I watched it because I heard it was so much fun, but it's less fun than astronomy.   The long running time makes me feel bored, and the car scene makes me feel normal in this movie because the anger is so great.  Acting is awesome
6,I don't know. ㅜㅜ It was boring
10,I enjoyed the speed It was so much fun, but even if you recommend it around, there is no theater.This country
10,It's normal when we get first place  People really don't know how to watch movies. What a shame
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like this. It's the best movie of the year
10,A must-see movie in the theater!I'll see you at IMAX... I regret seeing you late. Watch it before you get out of the theater.
9,The scene where you have to run above 7,000 rpm is a famous scene
10,I watched it on the last day of December and I lost track of timeIt was fun to watch a woman with no backgroundI'm wondering because the reservation ranking is lower than I thought
10,There's never been a movie that brought me to the cinema like this.I've seen it four times in 2019 and I hope I can see it again in 2020 :) I hope the theater doesn't go down
8,If a man likes a car, it's true. Bajaja super car accident
10,It was a good movie with touching and action.
10,A movie that tells us why Ford looks like an eternal mid- to low-end car
10,I feel like I've done a great job watching this. I felt thrilled and moved after a long time. Why this kind of movie isn't showing...
10,Even if it's half the number of theaters in Baekdusan Mountain, it's going to be more than 10 million. I think I'm watching some propaganda movies with themes like Nambun Harmony, General America, and chaebol. Please, let's watch them evenly
9,It's just amazing. When the engine is burning up, my heart is burning up at the same time
10,Watching the movie on the last day of 2019 was the best choice.
10,
10,
9,Matt Damon, Christian Bale.There's no time for the movie to be boring
7,It's just so-so
10,
10,Best movie of the year. Endgame Aladdin Frozen 2 and more.
10,In my heart, we raced together. My heart was pounding and my hands were sweating. It was fun
10,Why did only 1.1 million people watch this? I don't understand
10,I don't need to say anything.It was so much fun!
10,I don't usually like foreign movies, but I was able to learn how to dream and develop a wonderful life after watching this movie It's the best movie I can't understand why there are so few viewers!
10,
10,
10,I saw Ford's stupidity
10,Wow, it's really a good movie. It's a good movie in many ways
1,It's really boring;;;
10,The title of the movie is not 'Ford v Ferrari'. It's Shelby and Ken.
10,It was so much fun It was even more touching to hear that it's a true story
10,I'm sick of Daytona.I thought you were being sucked into the screen. This is what a movie is like
10,I don't have a rating, but time flew while I was watching!I like action, I like cars, and Matt Damon and Christian Bale...! I'm such a fan that I don't need to say anything ㅠㅠ Of course I wanted to watch it, but it has emotional parts, so I think it's great even for women It was fun because I could feel the tension and the speed on the screen! The last part of the story is a true story.  It's even more sad ㅠㅠ I think you and Christian Vale look alike Haha
10,A must-see masterpiece at the theater!
10,
10,There is no need for words. 7000rpm
10,The plot that can't be relaxed until the end, the thrilling racing scene, and the performance of the racer itself. It's a movie with a good reason to watch it in the theater
10,The last movie of the year 19 is a movie that is heart-warming with the madness and passion of the two men
8,You can see how I used to live in the past. The acting ability is very good. Character immersion is excellent. Obviously the female audience isn't interested. He likes all male audiences.
10,I didn't expect a lot from the poster. It's so much fun L
10,A man's movie... You cleaned up your rotten eyes after watching Hoot Cats
10,I watched "Amazing Spectacular Exciting Healyers" twice. I can see you again
8,One of the movies you'll regret forever if you don't watch it in theaters
10,
10,The Korean movie industry is ruined. If you watch it less often than movies like Mt. Baekdu, you can see that Korean movie distributors are pathetic. Of course, they don't show it at all, but don't watch Mt. Baekdu if you have a chance
10,A really fun movie. A must-see masterpiece
10,
10,It's sad that it's a true story. It's fun
9,The winner recognizes the winner. It is beautiful to see the loser paying tribute to the true winner, not to be seen.
10,Everyone is so good at acting. Time flies!
10,I was sorry that it was the same price as a really boring Korean movie.  It's a shame that many people can't watch it because it's all a left-leaning movie  It's fun and there's something I feel  Good!
10,
10,Do we need a horse with the best immersion level? It's Bale and Damon
10,Please watch it. Make sure to watch it on December 31st and it's my best movie of the year 2019 with Parasite.
10,It's a movie that has perfect speed control. If you keep racing, the audience can feel the physical burden, but it's a fun movie that cuts off the speed and even develops humor and stories
10,My heart beats at 7000 rpm throughout the movie
10,Based on the true story, I was forced to watch it and lost track of time.It was so much fun
10,I'm totally immersed in the movieIn an instant, we're going somewhere beyond 7,000 R.P.M
10,
10,It was so fun and touching
10,The best movie in my life. Time flies so fast. I hope there's no one who hasn't watched the movie that I want to watch. ㅠㅠ
10,You're driving me crazy
10,Christian Bale's emotional performance, as expected. Large scale. Restoration scenes.
10,Let's empty out some low-end movie theaters like Mt. Baekdu and stuff them with Ford V Ferrari
10,Wow... The acting of Christian Vale is crazy...Paektu Mountain, start-up, Ford v Ferrari. He saw Ford while thinking...It's a crazy movie
10,Good, good!
10,a soft but heart-rending goreon film
10,You have to increase the number of movies like this at the movie theater.
10,Everything is good! It's been a while since I've seen a properly made movie. The end of December 31, 2019. We are also happy that you let us watch a great movie. You're the best!
8,I don't know cars, so I was bored in the beginning.
10,Everything is perfect! There's no theater around. I went to the theater that takes an hour. If I hadn't, I would have regretted it
8,Everything else is normal, but filming is unprecedented. That's exactly what the director said about the range of actions that doesn't make you tired
10,What a wonderful human drama...Christian veil, totally ㅜㅜㅜ
10,When I was in elementary school, I saw Shelby Cobra 427 and felt breathtaking beauty. For me, this movie was a joy like destiny. It is full of speed and intrinsic desire for victory, but the beauty of the pure results created by it is also eye-catching... It's been a while since I've been over 40.
7,It's fun, but there are a lot of boring parts before the Le Mans game. I think people who know racing and cars will enjoy watching it much more. But Matt Damon and Bale's acting is the best...!
10,I highly recommend it!
10,This is not just an action movie. I wonder how people who complained that they used part-time jobs because they were disappointed after watching it as an action movie. The message delivered in this was very deep and meaningful. Even I, who was not interested in car racing at all, enjoyed it, and especially at the end of the race, there was a big thrill. I don't understand why such movies are being pushed back by Mt. Baekdu.
10,
8,Christian Vale's acting is amazing
10,It's funny. I can feel what it's like to be pure, and while it's gone from our eyes, I can feel that we're fighting, or we're enjoying it.
9,It's amazing how much acting has gone to the bone, giving up even Christian Bale's good looks·The essence of hypercars that are obvious but not obvious! Showing the battle of pride and desire and pride! Fascinated to the core!
10,
10,
10,Make sure to watch it. Watch it twice~~
9,I don't need to say anything. It's the best! There were so many racing scenes that I was very satisfied with. I thought it would be 3 cuts at most
10,What the story was saying was clear and clear, and I loved the intense engine sound that reminded me that racing was the theme of the movie Racing movies end up becoming cliche, and I was happy the whole time I watched it
9,If you know history, the present value will increase!The movie that won both Ford and Ferrari
10,Partnership. And I applaud your passion for dreams. A great movie that reminds me of what's important in life.
8,I loved the acting of the two masters!
10,It's not boring. It's so much fun It's fun to watch racing
9,The price of ignoring passion is clear to Ford now
10,From the start, the sound of the car engine exhausts and the thrill wraps around your body!It's a movie that's more touching because it's a true story. I enjoyed it
8,The actors did it allㅠㅠ I'm glad I didn't see Frozen. You shouldn't just trust the ranking
9,A man's movie... The sense of speed is crazy.
10,I watched it yesterday and I thought it would have been more fun if I watched it in 4D. The directing is amazingI didn't realize that 2 hours and 30 minutes went by
10,
9,It was the most interesting movie I've seen recently, but it's unbelievable that it's barely over a million. I hope you get rid of all the disgusting Korean movies
10,Outstanding in directing. It's a story that's based on actual facts, but it's well expressed by implication. Also a movie that would be liked by those who like to drive. It fits the typical American style of movie called "The Story of a Successful Overcoming various trials and tribulations."
10,This is the movie... Mt. Baekdu is
10,
10,You can be immersed in the liveliness of the track and the crazy acting of the two actors
10,I've seen everything. I'm not as good as Ford v Ferrari Strongly recommend
10,Matt Damon looks great
9,It's not about cars, it's about racing, it's about ordinary people who have to live like that, even though they're bitter, who have to be servile
10,The best movie of the year. I hope everyone watches it
10,It's the best. Please watch it at the theater
9,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.I think Christian Bale's acting is a masterpiece.It's making me sad. That approval line...Compromise... Because of selfish people who are trying to protect their own food, the people who are really talented and should be recognized have been sacrificed, so it was bitter and sad.Damon and Bale's acting chemistry... I commend you~~^^
8,If you're interested in cars, I strongly recommend it
10,Best movie of the year, Joker, Terminator, Ford v Ferrari
6,I desperately need the sound of an engine that controls emotions that I can't handle.
10,
10,My dream Mustang when I was 20 years old.It's not polite to ride a Mustang in Korea.But the actions of the incompetent, the dark side of society, and the whole movie was pissed off.Be careful driving home lol
9,When I heard the engine sound in the beginning, I felt that I should watch the movie with the right sound.
10,It was hard to see a movie-like movie in a movie theater these days, but it was the best movie of the year with Joker, although the gauge is different.However, this movie can only be enjoyed 200% properly in the theater, and 400% in the screen X, so I strongly recommend that you watch it in the theater before the end of the movie~~
10,
9,It was the best movie of the year, except that the story was so badly adapted that it could be misunderstood.Isn't the writer seriously malicious to Ford and too friendly to Ferrari?
10,a battle between a craftsman and a tradesmanAnd the difference between Ford and Ferrari after a long time.
10,Look.
10,It was a lot more fun than I expectedI only saw a little bit of the background, but the casting, acting, directing, and not lacking, not overflowing, were perfect.There are a lot of memorable lines, so I want to watch the movie again with the members!
8,Kleschan's veil acting and shopping basket elementary school wrap scene. Good, good. But what's annoying is that experts really didn't know the Le Mans rules. It feels like I'm angry that I didn't know when I was out after sending a three-bunt sign.
10,My heart was pounding. I couldn't take my eyes off it
10,It's a movie that really makes your heart race!
10,It's my favorite movie. Please watch it
10,Wow, it's a masterpiece
10,Why is this masterpiece only 1.17 million? Isn't there a zero in the back?
10,It's a rare masterpiece. I was so busy watching it.
10,I didn't expect much because there was nothing to see, but I enjoyed it because it was a masterpiece
10,When I saw the Joker, I wondered if I was going to end up admiring Joaquin Phoenix, but with Met Damon and Christian Bale, I couldn't say that 150 minutes that I could never review without watching it, everything that went by like 50 minutes was perfect. Why Christian Bale? A movie that makes you a fan of him. Christian Bale was also a god of acting. I'm planning to visit MX Hall and recommend it as a must-see movie for people around me.The immersion of the movie and the tremendous response after the screening were the same for so many audiences in the theater, including me, how happy it is to meet such a trick.Christian Bale was the best of the best.
10,Zigbong! Zigbong! Zigbong!
10,The best! I can't believe this kind of movie is buried. Please increase the number of theaters~It's touching~Ending 2019 with a great movie!
10,Two and a half hours at 200 per hour
10,My boyfriend really likes cars and I just saw the emblem and thought that the car was so pretty and cool that I could enjoy it. But my boyfriend said he wanted to see it, so I followed himBut I've been saying that it's been so much fun for a few days! It's just a shame that I couldn't promote it to people around me because I watched it belatedly after the movie startedㅠㅠ Acting, story, visual beauty, etc. I really lost track of time... It's been a while since I saw a good movie. Thank you!
10,아직 아니야.
10,Before watching the movie, I was worried if it would be fun, but my heart beat with rpm as I felt that this idea was wrong throughout the movie Make sure to watch the movie
10,Action, story, and everything. It's been a long time since I've seen a movie with this much focus. Please watch it on a big screen!
10,Ford vs Ken or Ken and Ferrari.At the end, Ford treats Ken like he's a piece of a piece of shit. Instead, Ferrari said hello to Ken, the real winner. I'm so thrilled
10,It's so fun. Everyone is good at acting. It feels like we've traveled in time!
10,Two people who were too good for Ford... I'm just upset. Ferrarilla, the best Christian Vale's second half of the warm smile.
10,I watched it without much expectation, but if it was so much fun, the long running time wasn't boring and the racing scene was really amazing!
10,It's really fun and the storyline is clear. I think it's the best movie that came out this year
10,I hope the moment of "Perfect Rap" comes to me, too
8,I think the composition and story acting are solid...! Well-made!
10,A movie that makes you look back on your life.I look back and see if I've ever been crazy about anything.
10,It's fun! I focused until the end and watched it well
10,The best movie of 2019...If you lost track of time, it's a masterpiece
10,ENGINE'S SYMMON. The movie is already over
10,Something beyond the shudder, emotion, grandeur drives the heart crazy. 7000+ GO LIKE HELL!
10,Netizens recommended me to go to the movie theater, so I managed to find the theater and watch it.On Met Day, I was a Christian Vale fan and this performance expressed a really rough humanity, loyalty, and honest inner self. And the vice-president is very handsome, but he's such a mean character. I was so sad at the end of the race that my eyes got teary. It's the best movie of 2019! Visual beauty, story, acting skills, and realism are all perfect and amazing!
10,I hate myself for watching such a wonderful movie so late. I really enjoyed watching it from the beginning to the end.
6,It was fun to feel the speed, but it wasn't a movie that left a lingering impression!It's worth watching
10,Awesome. It's a loss if you don't watch it.The engine in my heart is hot
10,I'm not interested in racing at all, but I really enjoyed it The running time of 2 hours and 30 minutes doesn't feel long at all and the immersion is no joke.
10,Does anyone know why this is 7th?
10,
10,
8,If you like cars, I recommend it
10,
10,
10,No... It's been a long time since I cried at a movie theater.I didn't know I would cry after watching the racing movie, but it was the best movie I watched this year as Joker.Especially Christian Bale's acting was really...It is a movie that I want to watch even if it is downloaded.
9,Ford's first and last "what"
10,
10,It's so much fun ^^ My son, RAM...You really like it.
10,
9,I went far because there was no local theater, but I enjoyed it until the end without regret. Make sure you go and watch it. It's a movie that reminds me of many things
10,I lost track of time because it was so fun!Make sure to go see it!
4,The action ratio is not high and the racing is not full of excitement. The movie is based on a true story. The movie was so slow to develop and disappointed
10,It was worth watching. I still remember the scene from the movie
10,A movie that doesn't miss anything about acting and directing
10,I don't know anything about racing, but I enjoyed watching it and it was more touching because it was based on a true story.
10,2 hours and a half really flew by
8,I didn't know Ford had such a complex with Ferrari. People who like cars are having so much fun
10,Personally, I think it's the number one movie released now.If you pay the same amount of money to watch this movie, you won't regret it. The running time is a little long, but it's not boring.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a Hollywood movie
9,The 24-hour race feels like dawn, the sound of gears and engines, and my heart beats like an actor.
10,You can feel 7000 RPM with your whole body
10,This is a real racing movie
10,I watched it cool and tense for the first time in a while, in the midst of a flurry of supernatural movies, and I learned what Shelby was like when he didn't live in his time, but he just heard of it, and it's a masterpiece.
10,It's a movie with a long running time of more than two hours, but the tension of the racing is indispensable, not to mention the acting of the two main characters.At the end, it is a movie that gives a lot of lessons, touching, and overwhelming feelings.I think it'll be equally touching and overwhelming.
10,It's a race from 1000 rpm to 7000 rpm. It's not a movie to watch once. The most interesting car movie I've ever seen.
10,I got goosebumps when I saw him lowering the gear with a determined expression in the last rap.It seems that not only Ford vs Ferrari, Ford vs Ford, but also Ken Miles' growth in maturity is also shown.Christian Bale, who played it out, was amazing. Before the race, he lived at 7000 rpm, but now he seems to know when to get out of gear
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year
10,I didn't just listen to a famous actor. I'm going to get the speed and emotion together
10,It's Matt Damon, Christian Bale.
9,
10,The movie that relieved the stress of 2019!Speed and thrill. There are people like vice presidents everywhere in the world, and even if I feel bitter about their craftiness, it was a movie that encouraged me to enjoy the moment and find the meaning of my life.I recommend a good movie!
10,
9,
9,This is what a movie is like
10,an exhilarating victory over the war criminal enterprise representing the war criminal state America Bless God.
10,This is unprecedented I feel like I became one with the car throughout the movie.
10,I was really enjoying the movie because I thought it was a good family movie that was not stimulating even though the action was very good, but the ending is a little embarrassing because I didn't know it was a true story.I think it's because I'm immersed in it.Still, I think it's great to finish so calmly without going to the side of the new par code. So the lesson is safe driving.
10,I watched a really fun movie after a long time. I feel sorry for the Korean movie version, which has only one or two screen times on weekends.
10,a film that deals well with a man's dream
10,If it weren't for the screen monopoly of Korean movies, it would have been a success, but I think many people don't know because of Korean movies that are not made dirty. If you have a chance later, please watch it.
10,It is a movie that lingers even three days after watching the movie.
10,The movie is not just about speed and thrill.There's nothing missing from the directing story.
10,Why didn't this movie exceed 3 million? It's a masterpiece
10,Quite a long time passed by without a dull moment to be boredom. It was a movie that didn't waste money after a long time
9,Is it just me? It's hard to see foreign currency in the movie theater.
10,Story expression...Production... What's lacking?Three hours went by so quickly...
9,I'm sweating. I'm sweating
10,
10,Park Pyeong-sik gave seven. Cut the crap and just watch it with gratitude.
10,They were two men who pursued what they liked the most, and they had opportunities and hardships by the understanding forces, but they showed the best lacyThe last scene of the movie makes me agonize again about the value I pursue
10,In the movie where the audience could see the difference between a famous car and a regular car, I could see Jung Woo-sung, a dung dog, in Ken's acting (pouty-mouthed, silly-looking). The best movie of the year. Met Damon's trusted movie
10,
10,The meeting of Christian Bale and Met Damon, by far the best movie of 2019, made me excited, and it's a man's dream racing genre. At first, I watched the movie with my girlfriend who said racing was not good, and she said it was the most fun movie she watched this year. The story is also a true story, so it is solid and it is good to watch movies according to Christian Bale Filmography when you have time. Make sure to watch it. It's a masterpiece
10,It's going to be a movie of my life. I've never written a review before
10,Crazy. A movie that looks like a well-made racing movie, but can't turn a blind eye to how to live through Ken, who was alive until the last minute.
10,I've never seen such a funny movie on my way out
10,I had to follow my boyfriend because his eyes sparkled so much, but I was more focused than anyone else and enjoyed watching the movie
9,Confusion... Couple fight completely forgotten
10,Wow.. It's really JAM but I can't watch it because the screen is filled with Korean movies. I don't want to watch gangster movies anymore. It's really fun ㅠㅠ
10,It's so much fun. The camera angle and so on
10,I wonder if there's a movie that I've watched recently. My heart is still pounding! I just want to watch it one more time and it's heartbreaking because there aren't many theaters
10,It's a masterpiece that stimulates instinct. I didn't know it was going for 3 hours
10,I was so happy the whole time. This is the movie!
10,
10,A movie that's both fun and touching
8,It's refreshing. It's so exciting
10,Shelby & Miles, just let me love...Shelby: 7000 RPM go like hell!!! Miles: Alright!
9,Yes, I forgot about it.
10,
10,The performance in the racing scene is outstanding.
10,
10,Best movie of the year! Ideological agitating Korean movies are trash!!  Learn a bit
10,I followed my dad, but I lost track of time.
10,I can't believe racing is this fun.I was so nervous and I cried. It was so much fun
9,If it's a Hollywood commercial movie, you have to make this much. It's almost perfect in every way.
6,Oh... Awesome. I guess I'm the only one who dozed off.
8,Why is only Action Jisoo coming out?
10,As a person who likes cars, it's so much fun The sound of the engine is real
10,I don't really like movies based on true stories, so I wasn't interested in it, but I watched it because I was directed by James Mangold and starring Christian BaleThanks to you, I'm able to meet the best movie of 2019 in 2 days
10,This is the best racing movie ever.
8,I wanted to hit him with a Ford vice president wrench.
8,The acting and directing are all the best
10,Not Mt. Baekdu, but Bosam. It's fun
10,ㄱㅅㅎ메예줔ㅇ렙넝ㅇ
10,No, not Frozen. Look at this masterpiece
6,I fell asleep because I was bored in the beginningIt's worth watching from the middle of school
7,I went to see the race between Ford and Ferrari
10,Two and a half hours... It was so much fun
9,The real thing is always evaluated later.
9,It's so immersive. I couldn't sleep because I was worried I might miss the scene
4,I've only seen the Ford ad It's boring and boring as if one had been deceived by ratings
8,Contrary to expectations, the immersion level was not very good. It would have been nice if I could increase the tension in the scene of conflict or race with Ford management.It's not a secret that I wanted my wife to do that
10,It was really fun. I don't think the audience would have been this big if there were a lot of theaters, but it's too bad
9,Ferrari is the best car
10,After the movie, Matiz and Morning, who come up to the exit from the underground parking lot of the movie theater, speed up the ramp like racing.
10,It's so much fun  Sound is good
10,It's a movie where my heart is boiling and I'm fascinated by mysterious ecstasy. My girlfriend enjoyed it
10,나는 내 엉덩이에 앉는다.
10,It's a masterpiece and a masterpiece. We need to do it in more places.I really recommend it. I strongly recommend it
10,
8,The middle part was a little long, but the action was good. I enjoyed it
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.The actors act like they're crazy.
10,It was based on a true story. I lost track of time and watched it.  I think the main character's acting skills are excellent and high quality
10,If you like cars, you can confidently say that there is no part that you think is boring for a second
10,It is the best movie. Let's find 7000 MP's and go
10,I'll watch it again next time
7,It was fun, but it was boring in the second half because of the long running time
8,If you watched it in 4D, it would have been awesome. There are too few theaters ㅜㅜ
10,Ken Miles' smile lingers in my head even afterwards.
10,It's been a while...More people should watch this kind of movie
10,I would like to pay tribute to the OOO energy of Christian Bale. I had no idea who Ken Miles was, but he seemed to exist through Christian Bale's walk, facial gesture, speech, and eye acting.
8,It was fun. I liked the beauty of the video
10,It's not just a car movie. People who have been in an organization for a long time have more empathy and anger.  Best movie I've ever seen this year, with a great story, direction, and acting. b
10,A movie that makes you want to run
10,It's a must-see movie
10,A movie that you must watch if you like cars
10,It's a movie where my heart beats whenever the engine sounds louder
10,This is fun.
8,It was fun in the beginning, but it's getting more and more and moreI think it's okay for people who like sports movies
10,The brilliance of this year's film The Unseen
8,It was boring at first, but in the second half, the story and the car action were all goodHahaha
10,I didn't expect much, but I was amazed by Christian Bale's completely different look and Matt Damon's solid performance.
10,It's fun even if you look forward to it!
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure to watch it
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good movie!
10,A movie that you want to watch again in a big screen with good sound!
10,Thank you, thank you. Thank you.
9,I'm boycotting Ford...
10,Don't be stereotyped as a movie that's only good for men to watch just because there's a car coming out
10,What did you see this and don't expect much - Oh Why are you so funny? I think deureosseum.I love them, such as spouse, performance, work flow, moving, thrilling deureosseum. Suggested movie!
8,
10,
8,The sensibility and speed of the movie that's going to be delivered over the ages, but it's a must-see movie with Joker this year. There's no theater...
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that made my heart race. Personally,
10,This is crazy... So much fun ㅜㅜ
9,I like the story and the storyline...
9,Met Damon... Just light. Hello, is this real?
10,I'm glad I saw you in the theater.
10,You're really the best!0?ㅑ
10,Why is this a million tourists?  I think there's one zero missing
10,Make sure to watch it before this year ends Action story. Whatever it is, it's good!
8,I have no regrets if I've achieved a perfect rap even once in my life
10,"7,000 RPM". Something that touches your heart
10,It's my favorite movie. Why did I only watch a million movies?
10,If it's too much fun, it's an endgame
10,If it was so much fun, I was worried that it might not be fun at first because my friend asked me to watch it, but if it was fun, I could understand why people in Europe are crazy about racingI think I'll be interested in movies like that, too
10,
10,a tear-jerking film for men
10,Matt Damon and Christian Bale were very good at acting, even though they were based on real life characters and true stories
8,Self-governing. Good at telling boring or messy stories
10,The racing scene that makes your hands sweat is the best! Maximize tension with music! A movie that makes your heart beat!
10,
6,He seems to have exceeded his GPA.  Baby driver was a lot more fun by my standards. Racing? It's a related movie.
10,Ford Ferrari, watch with fun. The directing video and acting were all good
10,I felt sorry for seeing the trash at the same price as Mt. Baekdu!
10,It's a life movie that can teach many lessons beyond just talking about cars. I hope you watch it at least once.
9,I'm sure those of you who watched it together had a little thrill around 7000 RPM.It's such a good movie
10,Wow! My heart went over 7,000 RPM and I lost track of timeIt was so touching. It was so much fun!
10,My heart is 7,000 rpm
10,
10,I'm in my mid-40s.I saw myself in tears as Can Miles slowed down.The moment Can Miles, who peaked his racing career, got the brakes...What did I think?  Compromise with reality!!! Sad why Ford will never beat Ferrari. Ford cannot beat Ferrari  For at least two or three hundred years
10,Two and a half hours with pure souls who know nothing but dreams.I want to pick the best movie of 2019.
9,My favorite Hollywood actors Christian Bale and Matt Damon made me want to see the pride fight between Ford and Ferrari in the 60's without being heavy and pleasant, and it was good that the two actors' performances, especially Christian Bale, were both deft and sincere. A famous line: "When you reach 7,000 RPM somewhere, the weight and sound of the car disappears. There's a sound coming from the very moment I'm confused whether I'm awake or not. "Who are you?"
10,
10,I really enjoyed it It felt like we were running together I felt that the running time was very fastHe explained it in the beginning, and I wondered when I would run, but it was a stepping stone for Le Mans...너무I got goosebumps. Did you have fun?
9,7000 RPM reaches the limit of racing but never misses a human drama
10,You have to watch it in theaters. 4dx is better. The real problem is that there are fewer theaters
10,It's the best this year!~~
9,Why does this movie have a low share? If it had been released well, it could have been more popular.
10,Can Miles and Shelby's teamwork and moving towards the same goal is really cool. The strong friendship and the relationship that we trust and develop as colleagues are also well expressed.And the car racing is also well expressed, so the extreme speed throughout the movie time!!!!
10,It's the best car movie of my life
10,
10,Best movie in my life! Miss you again
10,
10,One of the best movies of my life...It's a movie that you can only feel at the theaterI'm going to watch it again I
10,You made it well.It's touching and...
10,I liked Christian Bale's acting on the screen after a long time I didn't know it was a true story, but I was even touched by the fun!
10,
10,
10,I think anyone can enjoy the long running time of more than 2 hours and 30 minutes even if they are not interested in passing movie cars like water flows without any boredom. I hope this movie goes viral and does well. It is a pity that I can see how much the three major theaters are turning away from just looking at small theaters and the number of screenings that are insufficient. Watch Ford V Ferrari in the theater and you'll see why.
10,Even female friends who don't like cars don't get bored and enjoy watching itI met my sister after a long time and she asked me if I watched "Ford Ferrari." This movie is not just for people who like cars
10,
10,Best of Best
10,You'll know for sure if the Porsche Keybox is still on the left side of the handle
10,If it was more fun than I expected, it reminded me of the cyber formula I watched when I was young and the taste of the two actors' acting is quite good. Watching YouTube review videos before watching is a must, not a choice :)
10,
10,It's perfect. It's been a while since I've seen a movie that
9,The reason why the movie's name is Ford v Ferrari, not Ford: Ferrari, who thought it was an enemy after the game, honored the main character, Racer, and Ford's executives perceived him as a consumable for the company. People with pure passion for cars are also imaged and consumed by capitalists. The friendship and effort of the two main characters proved that life is full of things that money cannot buy. Other points of appreciation are endless. The tension in the breathtaking racing is overwhelming.
9,A true story-based masterpiece created by the combination of excellent directing and actors' acting skills. The sound of the engine even echoes my heart.
10,It was a real man's movie.
10,There was no time for the racing scene to be boring. You directed it well.
8,The acting is good, there's a lot to see. It's definitely a good movie, but I don't think it's in the nine-point range. About 8.5
10,It's the best movie of my life ㅠㅠ the best
10,I love you 7000 RPM! I was sitting still, but my heart was racing and the RPM went up
10,My heart is beating! I have a feeling. It will be re-released in the near future Definitely. It's a masterpiece beyond a masterpiece!
10,The movie smells like oil
9,Matt Damon, Christian Bale alone is good, but the content is good and the video is vivid, so I enjoyed it. Although the ending is a bit bitter.
9,Ashton Martin. Ford Mustang. Colbat. Bentley Mulsan. Encho Ferrari. McLaren. And Christian Vale is the truth.
10,My heart thumped on the screen filled with the sound of the engine
10,As the poster said, it was more surprising than the script, and the acting of the two actors was also the best. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie worth the price! Very satisfied
10,My heart beat wildly. I was so happy while watching. I am grateful to be able to see the two actors in the same work.
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for a second.Christian Bale and Matt Damon are the best!
10,So perfect, this year's movie for men!!!!There's nothing to put down
10,Director, actor, script, and directing are crazy movies. The speed control of the movie is crazy like race. Make sure to watch it.
10,
10,The best movie I've ever seen!Ford, the bully!
7,Compared to my expectations...
10,Wow! I saw it on a fun site, but I didn't know it was two and a half hours Lol there are funny booboo and thrilling and so funny ㅜㅜ lol
10,Hello. I heard it, too LOL Bale is so sexy I'm touched when Ferrari chairman greets Ken like a compliment at the end ㅠㅠ
10,Screenplay, composition, acting, and everything was perfect.
10,I think it was the most complete movie of 2019. It was even funnier than the Avengers. I think the story was not complicated and the message was clear. I think even people who don't like cars can watch it comfortably. On the other hand, a movie that car fans will go crazy. I recommend you to watch it in a sound optimization tube like MX tube!
10,2 hours and 30 minutes that were more exciting because it was a true story passed by
10,
10,
10,Should I say that it felt like I was on a long journey of 7000 RPM in 2 hours and 32 minutes? At the end, Ken came to Shelby to race. I'm not here to win,' my heart went as hot as an overheated engine.
10,King King King Thermal Insulator
10,The movie was made up of solid lines and the actors' acting was amazing
10,It is so much fun, especially for Cha Deok-hoo.
10,There should be more movies like this.
10,
9,An outstanding work that didn't miss out on the actors' acting videos
10,No words needed. The directing, acting, and story are all the best!
10,I watched it in 2D, but I want to watch it in 4DX again a wave of deafness
10,It's the movie I enjoyed the most this year. So much fun!
10,I don't know anything about cars, but I was so immersed that I watched it like 20 minutes. I recommend it. I would have been sad if I didn't watch it at the movie theater. I want to see it in 4D. It's a shame there aren't many theaters.
10,Two and a half hours fly by. Immersion is the best. You won't regret it
9,A must-see movie if you like cars! You want to step on the full accelerator right now.
10,Really, the story was perfect and the acting was touching... Everyone should watch it!!... To borrow someone's expression, it was a movie that penetrated the sense of propriety, and it was a time to meet the "pure passion" that money couldn't buyI love you. You're so cool
10,I liked it because I watched a movie that I had to watch in a movie theater after a long time. In the last scene, the facial expression and sound of finding stability with exhaust sounds is the best scene.
10,The movie action story philosophy that is one of the top 10 movies in my life is all touching
8,Umbok-dong, are you watching? It's much more dramatic and fun without dramatic effects
6,I slept. The second half was fun
10,I lost track of time Haha
10,Solji's overall movie is sophisticated and cool. I don't know why people didn't watch the movie when the ratings were high and the overall movie was quite high quality
10,The best movie of my life, deep message, moving and black comedy about reality
10,Christian Bale Matt Damon, trustworthy
10,I think it was more meaningful and touching when it was a true story!Christian Vale Wandjorn, who played Ken Miles, I knew he was good at acting, but this time, he was 100% synchronized with the real main character
8,It shows the friendship of men
8,
10,The best movie of my life. It's my first time to watch a movie with my mouth open
10,Garbage is 10,000 times more fun than Mt. Baekdu
10,What you promised me was a race, not a win.
10,
10,
10,Too Good ㅠㅠ Best movie of all time
10,Let's watch Cho Seung-yeon's YouTube and get ready for Budweiser
10,It's a masterpiece and a masterpiece. I enjoyed watching it without missing any stories, music, or acting.
10,I have to take off my jacket and watch the movie. It's hot, it's hot.I get angry. My heart can't help but beat fast.
10,
10,A movie that heats up the hearts of real men at 7000 RPM
10,It's the first movie I've ever recorded in my life.That's how much I love it, and as soon as I saw it in 2D, I quickly re-booked it in 4d screenx.If you watched it in 2D, make sure to watch it again in 4D screenx Please... I thought it would be less interesting because I already saw the movie once, but this was my complete misunderstanding.Please watch it. No, it's okay not to watch it in 4D, so please watch it in 2D It's ridiculous to wrap up 2019 without watching this movie.
10,It's fun
10,A story based on a true story is powerful and the sound of a car engine makes your heart beat. Christian Bale, Matt Damon's performance shines. a must-see movie in the theater
10,James Mangold seems to be too good at making films of men who have faith in protecting things. The racing sequence is a model for all future racing movies, and the calm but fascinating acting of the two actors was excellent. James Mangold's Perfect Movie!
10,It's more realistic than CG. an actor's acting skills Story. It's been a while since I saw a great movie.
10,This is a masterpiece! Great acting
10,A moving masterpiece based on a true story. It will be remembered for a long time
8,8 points for screaming and suddenly dying
10,Go! ♡♡ I should have watched this movie earlier
10,I really fell in love and enjoyed it! I recommend a movie!
10,The last car-chaining scene was simply art.
10,
6,It's worth seeing. I'm a bit sleepy in the middle
9,It's not boring and I feel good!!!!
8,A movie with passion and responsibility in automobiles and history
9,It was good to learn about the history and field I didn't know.I don't know if it was to ask a philosophical question about why they ran, but it's a little disappointing that there was a lack of connection to the question, "Who are you?"
10,Christian Bale's acting is so good that it makes me cryThe movie is fun^^
10,You don't just live on food, you have to live on your dreams.
10,It's Saturday, so I just saw you early, but when you get home, it's lunch time??? I didn't know the screening time was this long! The racing scene was definitely the best! I guess I'll have to go see it again!
10,
10,It's like a movie
10,I was sweating while watching it. Your acting was great and I think it was more fun based on a true story
8,People who saw Mt. Baekdu...It was healing, right?
10,There was nothing to watch, so I watched it without thinking, but it was fun.
9,I didn't know it was boring. I enjoyed it
10,I can't believe this kind of movie has few theaters. It was the most fun movie I've ever seen this year2 hours and 30 minutes go by so quickly
10,The actor's performance ended in two and a half hours, and I got goosebumps all over my body ten times while watching the movie I really like racing, so I think I watched it more fascinatingly. If you haven't watched it yet, I recommend watching it at the movie theaterThis is engine sound rather than visual beauty! Make sure to watch it at the theater even if it's because of the sound!I watched it on Dolby Atmos. I really hope the movie doesn't end
9,It would have been really bitter to see this at home. Run to the theater right now!
10,
10,A movie that made your heart beat for three hours
10,7,000 RPM~!
10,Perfect from beginning to end
10,
8,Matt Damon, Christian Bale, I've seen this movie, and it depends on your taste, but personally it's not a very funny movie, but it's definitely not a bad one.
7,The acting is good, the video is good, and everything is good, but it's a movie that leaves something to be desired? Should I say that it feels like it's stuck to the ground?
10,Perfect movie. I lost track of time
10,The best movie of the year! The movie you'll regret if you don't watch it at the theater!
8,It's too bad that I watched this movie in 2D
10,
10,Movies with hidden stories based on true stories are always thrilling. It was good to see the passionate and fierce world for racing. Christian Bale, Matt Damon is such a good actor. It was interesting just to see the combination of the two, but the story direction was all wow. My heart trembles all the time. Missed you when you were Porsche Leeds after Ford.
10,The movie that made my heart beat to 7000 rpm
10,Watching this movie in 4D x 2D was a great move. wear one's favorite movie
10,Why did I watch this now? Make sure you watch it at the movie theater. The engine sound is amazing
10,I watched it belatedly, but it was a fun movie after a long time.Why is this well-made movie so quiet? Anyway, it's not a short screening time, but I didn't get tired of it at all right. Matt Damon, Christian Bale. You're the best!
10,It was so much fun!
10,
10,Best movie I've seen this year.If the number of theaters increased significantly.
10,If you think about what movie to watch, make sure to watch Ford v Ferrari!
10,Christian Bale's gruesome performance, his storyline, his hand-throbbing racing portrayal. It was the best movie of the year.
10,I watched it late at night. I'll see you early in the morning tomorrow
9,Fresh material, solid plot, and Metteman's great acting!The engine is still buzzing.
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year
10,It's a shame that the theater is too smallIt's fun. The end
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie and I wanted to buy a Mustang
10,It's really cool. Please monopolize this movie and screen
10,I don't have a car, so I'm going to play Kartrider speed game
10,If you don't watch this movie in theaters now, you'll regret it
10,It's crazy. They're all just... Awesome
10,If I felt like I was going to cry while watching the car racing scenes, if I was happy at the end, I would have gone and watched it three more times ㅠㅠ
10,It's my first time giving stars, but it's different from other racing movies bb
10,I had a lot of fun.
10,Of course, racing is a dark eye that distinguishes cars by color, but it was really fun to know the meaning behind Le Mans 24.*If you look at Cho Seung-yeon's review, you can enjoy 100 times the black eye of a car like me! There are so many things to see, including the sweaty racing game and their true friendship. Matt Damon's fluent Korean in the middle of the movie is a plus. As I said earlier, the relationship between automakers in the 1960s and continents beyond the country is a perfect racing story. I really recommend it!But it's a shame that there aren't many theaters I managed to get tickets even though it was daytime on weekdays. It's a good movie, but it seems like it's ending too soon. Appropriate distribution of theaters seems desperate.
6,Why do I feel like that? The racing scene was nice, but it wasn't that special
10,ㅠㅠ It was so much fun
9,Ford, go, go, go
10,Wow, I think this movie can be exclusive to the screen. Too bad...It's definitely the best of the year!I lost track of time. It was the best in every way
10,I didn't have a second to be bored
10,When will Korea make such a movie? Even if I don't know anything about cars, my heart is pounding and it's a fun movie.My husband was sweating a bucket next to me because of the screen monopoly, so I went all the way to see it, and it was worth it. The last movie I saw in 2019 became the best movie.  Christian Bale seems to have become Ken Miles himself. When I slowed down, I felt like I was committing suicide, but when I thought about it, I thought it was like committing suicide for Ken. Matt Damon's Carol Shelby was also very attractive
10,It's the best movie of my life.I'm not interested in cars at all, but I really enjoy watching it.There's so much to compliment. It's just a perfect movie. There's nothing between us.
10,I wasn't interested in cars, but I was really immersed and I felt the tension and urgency of the car race. Especially the scene where he narrowly overtook Ferrari!The best movie I saw this year! I want to go again, but I am sad that the movie theater that is showing is gone now.
10,Touching acting is the best! I'm an actual viewer
10,I had so much fun even though I don't know much about cars
10,I went to downtown Daegu to watch the movie because of the movie theater's power trip.It was so much fun. Please increase the number of good movie theaters.Make sure you watch it. A movie that you won't regret
10,Best movie of the year! You have to watch it. It's been a while since I've been this into a movie, but it's really well-made.
10,great performances by great actors That long time passed like a race
10,The beginning of the movie is a little loose, but the sound plays a part if you lost track of time since the beginning of the race.I recommend you to watch it at a movie theater
10,The sound of car engines and brakes was like breathing. Perfect movie with high quality this winter. Please increase the number of theaters! What a waste of a ticket!
10,
7,It's not like this or that, so I'm despondent... The racing scene was also monotonous, except for the sound of the engine and the iron sound of the gear, and the friendship, emotion, and satire were calm. It's not even a documentary why Miles is so wasted.
7,I didn't meet expectations, but I'm satisfied overall.
10,I really lost track of time and enjoyed watching it.I want to see you again later.Kill the sound of the engine in the theater.
10,I watched it with sweat. Christian Bale's acting is amazing. I think the editing was really nerve-wracking. It feels like I'm driving the whole time. Haha everything was great.
8,It's a movie that I really enjoyed watching
10,Matt Damon said, "Hello"
10,Even though I don't know much about cars, it's my favorite movie.Just look.
8,The video was active as if it were a game screen
9,A movie that stimulates fun, touching, and fantasy
10,If you can feel the acting of a foreign actor, how good is he?the most cinematic film
10,It was a perfect movie except for the lady who brought a 5-year-old child and caused trouble. If you know the history of American and European cars, it will be more interesting ^^
10,I left the movie theater at 2 a.m.On my way home in a car, on an open road...I set it up in manual mode, sports mode, and approached 7000 rpm where the world disappeared.The moment everything was quiet and the sound of the engine made my heart beat, "Ahhhhhhhhhhhh...
10,Acting crazy, sound crazy, directing crazy, story crazy~ This movie is crazy, it's good to watch two or three times.I'm looking forward to Ferrari's follow-up to the counterattack after the best movie I want to give 7000 points to.
10,It's a mythical story that will make both people who know and don't know much about cars fun
10,It's so touching. It' It's not a waste of money!^^
10,the greatest classic of iron
10,I don't wash my hands all the time I watch a movie. If I don't go, it's going to be a lot of fun. Make sure you watch it
8,I could see the history of Ford and Ferrari at a glance.an enterprising film
10,This movie makes me feel like I ate rice soup. It's a healthy movie
10,A movie that you can't help but give 10 points. Christian Bale's unparalleled acting skills and solid support from Matt Damon and other supporting actors will be hard to forget the impact of the touching true story
10,This is a movie! It is a pity that such a good movie is not even being screened well due to the screen monopoly of domestic waste movies
8,It was okay to watch
9,I don't really like racing, but my heart beats in the racing scene. I really like the story and the actors' acting was really good And there are a lot of comic elements in between. It's also touching.
10,Time went by so fast. It started and ended in a blink of an eye.
8,It was boring at first, but the game scene was amazing!!! Wow!!! I don't think I'll see it twice, but it's a movie worth watching in the theater! So much fun!
10,I'm sick of only saying hello to Encho Ferrari at the end.
10,I went to see it because of racing, but I personally felt ecstasy when Iacocca said "victory." Of course, the racing scene guarantees its own thrill and fun.
10,I'm glad to see you at the theater even though it's late. If you haven't watched it yet, make sure to watch it at the theater!
10,It's a movie that the old guys at work should watch and reflect on themselvesOf course they think they don't?
10,I really enjoyed watching it with my Christmas family!
8,Big racing action, big acting
10,It was so much fun and I lost track of time.
10,The best movie of the year... the idiot who only knew Gotham.This time, I became a fool who only knew the race.
10,I think people who are not interested in cars will be able to focus on it. I really enjoyed it!
10,I was cured of my bad words after seeing Mt. Baekdu
10,It's a real story. It's so much fun that it's been 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,
10,It's so great that I don't know how time flies and it's best to watch spring in 4D.
10,
10,We wrapped up 2019 properly
10,I want to watch it again. It was so much fun
10,
10,In the era of internal combustion engines, which are declining due to various emission regulations, we feel the retro sensibility of air-cooled NA engines.
10,Acting, story, directing, everything is perfect
10,Personally, I don't know much about cars and my friend likes cars, so we went to see them together I didn't expect much, but it was so much fun that I watched it again at 4DX Hall Even as I don't know much about racing, if I made it well with tension, the story and the emotional portrayal of the characters were great I was wondering if there was another movie that fits 4DX this well It really felt like I was riding in a car and speeding through the wind If there's a theater, I want to watch it again and again
9,This kind of movie needs to go over 10 million...
9,It's so immersive! I lost track of timeI was even more surprised to find out later that it was a true story
10,I will not forget the memory I saw on 4dx.
10,Make sure to watch the best movie at the movie theater
7,I watched it as a fan of Ferrari and Formula 1. For Ford. It's like a movie made to promote Ford. However, I learned about the unfamiliar Ford, the American motor, and the race, and the great performance of the famous actors was very good. From a natural intake engine. The sound of the exhaust sound soaring from the bottom was quite exciting.
6,It was a movie with a hot racing scene and the acting skills of two actors with certain characters. The running time was 2 hours and 32 minutes, which is quite long, but it didn't feel long. Personally, I had no interest in cars or knowledge of car racing, but I enjoyed watching it regardless.
10,Two and a half hours passed in an instant!
10,150 minutes wasn't boring for a minute Haha
10,I'm going to watch it one more time before it goes down!
9,The race scene is good.
10,Overall, it was okay
8,At the end, I thought of Million Dollar Baby. It's a movie that makes people look back on their lives.
10,Wow, crazy. Why didn't we get first place?
10,the best film of one's life There is no need for words.
10,I was attracted to the material and the actor, but I woke up all kinds of senses. It's a very well-made movie that's cool, clean, sensible, pleasant, and touching...! Why don't you show me a lot?
10,Personally, the best foreign currency of 2019... First half Avengers, second half Ford V Ferrari. There aren't many theaters, but for those who haven't seen it, make sure to watch it!
10,Wow... A masterpiece... Why are there fewer theaters?
10,A must-see movie!If you love tea, I strongly recommend it
10,It's a very smooth movie.I strongly recommend it!
9,vr experience level racing production
10,This year's movie is overwhelming. If there is anyone who hasn't watched it, I want to buy it and show it to you. It's so much fun. Why did I watch it now?
7,It was a long movie, but I enjoyed it so it wasn't boring
8,The thrilling race scene based on a true story makes your hands sweatThe acting of Matt Damon and Christian Bale is full of coolness!
6,I acted hard and made the action and speed well, but should I say the limit of racing movies? It was boring and boring because I kept racing and running all the time. But I think it's a movie that came to life because the actors were attractive and good at acting
9,The movie that I watch without knowing the time goes by, the movie that I am fascinated with, like American soup
10,It's a masterpiece related to racing^^
10,Besides the visual beauty, directing, and attractions...The movie that makes me think a lot about the lingering feeling as soon as the movie is over... A movie that makes me want to watch it again
10,I thought it was an idolization of Ford's victory, but it was a movie with a twist.
7,
9,It was good to hear the engine sound for two hours.
10,From the start to the end, I can't eat popcorn. It's the best movie of the year
9,Throughout the movie, I watched with my hands clasped. Music plays a part.  Christian Bale is good. And Matt Damon. And, ma'am, you're so... I don't know where this guy is.Really, I watched a movie nervous after a long time.
10,be impeccable
10,2 hours and 30 minutes passed by It's so much fun
10,If you like cars... I feel sad and sad about the ending of the bb
9,Best Movie of the Year
10,This is the first movie I've ever seen this year that I really enjoyed watching it
10,I met you at 7000 RPM ㅠㅠ I was crying alone at the movie theater ㅠㅠ
10,I watched it with my girlfriend while wiping my sweat on my hands. NAVER's rating is amazingHe said that she didn't watch it because she didn't like it. If it's not fun, she told me to slap her in the ear. I came in and watched it, but when she came out, she kissed me because it was fun That's a huge benefit
6,I'd like to change the title to Ford Executive V Field Job. And I think it's kind of crazy to make an extreme choice because the main character didn't win at the end.
10,I didn't know I would cry. moving
10,I recommended it to my acquaintances because it was a great movie.I got this movie in 2019.I hope you all watch it before you get off.
10,It's so much fun It was a movie that I wanted to watch lightly without any interest in racing. I really enjoyed it
10,I'm not interested in cars, and I didn't know where Ford or Ferrari were, but I really enjoyed it I lost track of time and watched itIt's too bad that there are no movie theaters and there are many movie theaters that are currently down강I strongly recommend it!
10,I enjoyed it
10,I saw a good movie at the end of the year. I was excited to see Ken running. When the CEO was crying after riding a racing car for the first time, it was surprising and touching that he showed a special feeling that can only be felt in this scene in an instant. I got emotional.
9,I also ran at 7000 rpm.
1,a film of late 20th century sensibility that talks about the mid-20th century
10,I am writing a rating comment for the first time in my life.It is no exaggeration to say that it is my life movie.I understood all the comments hereAll I can think of is Ken Miles' tears.
10,I really enjoyed it The story was good and everything was goodIt's a shame that the main character is going to die.It's based on a true story, right?Anyway, I recommend it^^
10,Oh, I'm just crazy. It's the best movie in recent years. Christian Vale synchronization is great. It's a really well-made movie. I want to see it again.Let's clean up the movie. This has to be number one.Baekdusan Mountain... What is it?
9,Matt Damon and Christian Bale
10,It's been 30 minutes since I came out of the movie, and I can't calm down. The immersion level is the best movie I've seen recently. Also, I think the OOO energy of Christian Vale is also the best. I was not interested in cars, but when it comes to people who love cars, I respect them, and I want to applaud them. Only for those who truly care about and love cars.
10,Wow, it is so nice to see a movie that gives me goosebumps after a long time. I was still excited to see these great films in commercial films, and I was much more moved and overwhelmed than the other films that both actors played beautifully and made a twist
10,It felt a bit long for me, but it wasn't boring at all! It's been a while since I've seen such an immersive movie
10,You have to watch a movie like this in the theater
10,
9,
10,I miss you again Actors are so cool
10,It's a shame that I didn't see this in 4D. It's really strong
10,a film with a sense of speed and lingering imagery
9,I hope you'll be with us until the end.How much better would it have been? I enjoyed it.
10,It's a movie that makes people like me, who don't know anything about a fat car like you, shake their hearts whenever the engine sounds
8,It was okay, but I'm not interested in cars. I don't know up to 9 points.Not a bad movie...
10,It's so much fun...I didn't expect much. You're the best
10,Now I understand why people around me keep mentioning this movie
10,The acting is good, the directing is good, and it's really fun. It's not a waste of money.
10,A movie that would have made a big deal if you took a car.
10,최고의 레이싱카 영화
8,Watch the sound with full volume up!
10,It's so fun.I want to buy movies and Ferrari that make my heart beat, even if there is no special OST.
10,It's better to see Ford Ferrari twice
8,
10,What is it to say? Just look.
10,It was a hot movie that made my heart beat after a long time.
9,This is what a movie is like
10,It's really fun.
10,I strongly recommend the best movie ever
10,I really enjoyed it There's nothing missing from acting, story, action
8,What a couple of people hmmmmmm...Who's the director as soon as it's over?The movie that made me look for it!!!Make sure you watch it!
10,You have to watch it at the theater. It's suffocating
10,The most fun movie I've seen this year, and it's not a waste of money
10,I saw it twice, but I miss you again
10,It was a great movie. Such a good story. This is all real.
7,Ratings, it wasn't as funny as the people around me told me. It's not an all-time masterpiece. It's just a 7-8-point movie
10,4DX Center C to D columns were correct
10,I didn't expect it because I was not interested in cars because I was a woman, but I was immersed because I was good at acting in movies that relieve stress while watching
10,After watching the hit squad, this movie cured my cancer.
10,It was such a tense movie until the end! I recommend it!
8,Bale's acting is so good-looking.I was excited after watching the movie and I got a speeding ticket ㅠ
10,The directing, story, and acting are all very thrilling and touching
10,I don't need any explanation or comments. I just feel this movie. I was thrilled and moved.
10,Bursting engines, speedometers, my heart-throbbing classic.
10,I can't imagine when our country can make a movie like this
10,I'm not interested in cars at all, but I'm forced to watch it by my boyfriend. The racing scene was so real that I got excited and threw an uppercut when I won first place in Mild. Carol Shelby was so cool that I fell in love with Matt Damon
10,It's the best movie with extreme immersion. It's the last movie of the year.
9,Can Miles, Carol Shelby, their passion is wonderful. The video clip of Gyeongju is going to be filmed.
10,It's a great movie. Mt. Baekdu needs to learn this kind of directing
10,Real life movie...!Why am I crying when it's a normal scene?The whole scene is thrilling. The immersion that makes me scream into the screen without realizing it.All the big movies in our country, lie down!
10,It's a movie where we think about our lives in various ways and receive lessons My son told me that it was more fun than Frozen 2, so I got it. I was really nervous.I strongly recommend it
10,It's so much fun
10,LUSH: Six years after The Rival, I enjoyed watching a true racing film
10,It's natural to understand that there's a distortion that's not true for a dramatic movie development, but it's a shame that the executives of Ford's company are portrayed so badly...
10,I can't believe this is falling behind Mt. Baekdu.
10,2 hours and 30 minutes is an unbelievable movie!
10,Ken Myler, screw it
10,Balshin's acting is crazy.ㅠㅠ
10,I just liked it all, and at the end...I thought of my best friend and I thought of him more.
9,It's a movie that makes you want to step on it like crazy and make you come home slowly because you might die in an accident.
10,A movie that makes me reflect on two men's passion for cars
8,Even if Ferrari is included in the title, Ferrari is the best man. Bureaucracy under the guise of "experts" and "podism" is the main battle. Obviously, it's not an action movie, but it's very intense, and it's not a bromance movie, but the friendship is very prominent. And the reason why I have a lot to say is because the movie is great.
10,
10,
10,The movie tells us that nothing is the right answer. I can't believe this movie was 2 hours and 32 minutes and my 2 hours and 32 minutes ran at 7000 RPM
10,A movie that you can watch without any problems even if you are not interested in racing. It's more fun if you know the background, but it's fun enough. It doesn't have many clichés and has a clean ending.
10,Maybe it wasn't promoted well. It's a lot of fun, but it's not a big hit
10,Outstanding acting, best directing, flashy video, so much fun movie
10,It's so much fun. I'm going to watch it again
10,I don't know why there aren't many movie theaters.A sad masterpiece that I want to see
10,The car sound was good and the story was solid!
9,It's a movie where you're drunk on art-like racing and then come out with a philosophical question, "Who am I?"
10,
10,It's really fun. You have to watch a movie like this at a movie theaterMy heart is pounding. Time flies.truth
10,Best movie of the year. I can't believe that the number of theaters for such movies has already decreased.
10,I was going to watch something else, but I had to watch it because of the running time. Wow, amazing engine noise and unexpected story... People around me recommended that you watch it first. If I like cars more, I think I'll get an extra point I'll double it! I'll bury it and double it
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,It's very sad that many people can't watch this movie in theaters, and even after it was over, the thrill didn't go away from my body. The best directing, the best actors need no more words.
8,It's a work of high quality. It has many genres, but it doesn't overflow
10,Wow, I really enjoyed watching a movie after a long time!I watched it last night and my hands are sweating the whole time. It was a movie I wanted to watch again
10,Best movie since Joker!!!
10,Definitely the most regrettable movie I've seen this year. I recommend watching it in 2D or higher, and as a person who watched both, don't show it back-to-back and extend it.
10,It makes my hands sweat while watching the movieThe story was also touching based on a true story.The engine is still ringing in my ears I highly recommend it. You have to watch it in the theater. I think I'm very lucky to see it before I put down the screen.
10,Do you think I'm old? I watched it with my wife and my second-year middle school son, and I was touched and a little teary. The heart of a man who leaves the East and the West and is purely engrossed in his goals resonates...I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It's the best ㅠㅠ
8,Screen even if I want to go see it?It's all gone down to the monopoly
8,I watched it without any expectations, but it's more fun because it's real
10,It was so touchingI was annoyed because I went early on the weekend.True story... It was sadder.It was a really touching movie of the year!!!Thank you so much for the good movie~~~
10,
1,Foreign movies have a rating of over 9.5, but you're still tricked ㅠㅠ It was a ball in the race scene, but overall, it was not impressive and boring ㅠㅠ I think a 7-8 rating would be appropriate crying
10,Wow... I'm sick of it's terrible.I sweat on my hands more than in a movie.CJ's blocked it, so I came to the Korean Theater to see it!I strongly recommend it.Just watch it. It's so cool. Wow, the sound of the engine and the acting are all great. It's coming out soon, so go watch it
10,It was a thrilling movie that made my heart beat from the sound.
8,This kind of movie should be more popular.
10,
9,It's a pity that it's a little different from what happened for fun, but it's a movie that doesn't seem too maniacal.
10,It is pathetic, sad, and ashamed that such a well-made film is in the lower ranks due to commercial skills. It's 10 points.
10,It's so much fun for me, too
10,
10,Wow, heart rpm. Personally, the best movie of the year, Ford vs Ferrari, Christian Bale vs Matt Damon
10,It's the best movie to watch right now
10,It's not just a racing movie.
10,
10,I was impressed by the scene where I stayed alone during the race and looked back.
9,I was so nervous that I thought I had a cold ^^
10,The suction power that makes you immersed even if you're not interested in cars and races
10,This winter, I'm taking you to Ford V Ferrari
10,I was so jealous the whole time I saw it right before the sun went downI wish I lived like that ㅠㅠ Tearful guy
10,
9,First place in NASCAR Racing # was the best!!!,
10,
10,I thought I was mistaken for Christian Vale Think when I saw the last real person
10,It's so much fun.It was fun watching it alone and it was fun watching it with my friend again.Skip the Gukppong movie and watch this.
10,I think it's a good thing I went to see Christian Vale at the movie theater
9,I was watching it at the movie theater, but I felt as if I was watching the game in person.This movie is not just a racing movie.The movie contains stories about the lives of two people and the people around them. It presents not only the main actors but also the supporting roles.
10,Great actor and great director = great work
9,The actors' acting was great and I loved watching them
10,I watched it. The best movie of the year. No words needed.
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year. By the way, I just want to beat the boss and the vice president with a wrench
10,It's so much fun. Even though I don't know much about cars, I enjoyed it!It's so much fun! It's so touching
10,I can't believe that this kind of movie is shown once a day, at 1 a.m. at this time of the day.
10,I won't say much. If you have a chance, please watch it. It is a movie that can be said that two and a half hours goes as fast as the speed of a car speed. I'm so into it. And it's for real.
10,It's a movie worth watching even if you don't like racing.
10,I think it's more than 2 hours and a half, but I lost track of time
10,Innocent passion to risk my life... The acting skills of the two middle-aged actors are as solid as the characters, and the running time of 2 hours and 30 minutes is not boring.I was getting off at the theater because of Mt. Baekdu, so I missed the big screen
10,
10,It's not time to pay the same amount of money to go see Mt. Baekdu and Frozen 2.  The best movie of the year that must be seen at the theater.
10,It's really interesting. I enjoyed it so much even though I don't know about tea 1 and personally, I want to be one of the top 3 movies released in 2019.What kind of passion would I risk my life on?A movie about life. The best! Amazing acting! Christian Vale is so cool.
10,This year's movie is definitely a big hit. It's not a waste to pay more for a movie ticket
8,
8,Movies that are hard to find these days! I enjoyed it
10,
10,Excited like I'm running
10,It's just fun even if I don't know the movie car that I watched without knowing the time. I'm sorry about the ending, but what can I do since it was actually like that?made the movie more dramatic and touching
10,It's as fun as 7,000 rpm
10,Christian Bale Matt Damon, how are you going to act? Really ㅠㅠ I didn't know how two and a half hours went by. I really recommend it I was surprised when I heard "Hello" in the middle. This is true acting. I'm so into it!
10,If you were born with it, make sure to watch it truth
10,I should have promoted this movie more than Frozen 2
10,Just watch it. I don't regret it.
10,Just trust me. Why don't you look? It's
10,I really enjoyed it The grandeur of the movie theater seemed to be in that situation
10,
10,My heart was pounding at the long side of the raceThe sound of the engine was more immersive than any other OST. Can Miles's performance.One of the best movies of the year is disappointing because there are few movie screenings that I know why I have to watch it 5 times
10,A movie that makes me nervous without realizing it
6,Overall, it's less than 10 points, more than 5 points, and 6 points.and so on... They're all not that great... Only the actors' acting was good
7,
8,Touching, fun, acting, story good
10,It's just a general theater, so there's no choice at all
10,I didn't think much about it, but it was so cool to see Ford and Ferrari racing.I really recommend it!
10,I really enjoyed watching itI wonder why this good movie is not popular
10,7000rpm!!!
10,It was like a great Christmas present on Christmas Eve Met Damon Christian Bale really lost track of their performance and breathtaking racing production, one of the movies of their lives
10,It was so cool.There were a lot of moving parts It was amazing.It would have been the biggest mistake of my life if I hadn't seen it on screen. Make sure to watch it!
10,A movie that I didn't expect but was great
10,I lost track of time because the production was excellent and the content was fun. Recommended for people who like lace and movies with scale!
10,It was a movie that made me want to drive right away!
10,The best... I didn't know time went by this fast. I didn't know time went by
8,Ready? Go, run, run
10,It's fun!a theatrical recommendation
9,I liked the race scene^0^
10,To be honest, I didn't know the time was going by as a person who watched it, but is the number of audience for real? shivering
10,It's been a while since I saw an action movie with sweat on my back. Personally, it was better than the Fast and Furious series.
10,Dirty movie that encourages speeding and reckless driving~ I've been interested in it since its release, but I put it off and watched it on Christmas. If I didn't watch it, I'd regret it
10,Thank you for the recommendation. The direction is good
10,The best movie in recent years~The rough car exhaust sound from the first scene~The visual beauty that feels like you're in a real car stands out.The story is perfect for men to like. The main character, If only I hadn't died. crying
10,I can't believe I made a movie like this!If you want the thrill of a car running like a gallop of rage, I highly recommend it!
10,In the drama, Encho Ferrari was the most impressive
10,There is a reason why the rating is high. A masterpiece...
10,The acting is great, the actor is great, the story is fun and touching
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year. Before I first saw it, I thought it was just for men, but it was a movie with story, beauty, and thrill I recommend it!
8,A movie where I enjoyed the speed without knowing the time went by
10,
10,It's so much fun. I want to watch it again
10,I cried while watching it. It was so touching. It was so much fun and it lingered a lot^^ Happy Christmas Eve???
10,You don't have to say anything else. You're the best
10,Aren't you excited just to have Jason and Bruce on the show?
10,I thought Shelby misheard the part where Shelby flew in a light aircraft to make an announcement, but Shelby's car Shelby Cobra's designer was Korean John Jun. That's why I heard Korean so I was surprised
10,I want to watch a movie that made my heart beat and the video beautiful
10,It's always fun. I can't believe the car race was so exciting.
9,I recommend it. If you're interested in racing, you can enjoy it twice as much
8,If it's based on a true story, it's made like this.
10,How come there's no theater?
10,
10,
10,Directing, acting, lines. Korean movies were so fun that I couldn't keep up with them. Even in a serious atmosphere, I burst out laughing. Wit, and thrill. I watched an interesting movie after a long time. Make sure to watch it at the movie theater.
10,It was so much fun!
10,
9,Lucky to die doing what you like best in your favorite place!
10,It's a really good movie. It'
10,a long-remembered film Acting, story, OST. I watched a great movie after a long time. Make sure to watch it.
10,That's the best. I think I know why the rating is high.Two elementary school kids were touched.You'll have a lot to talk about with your husband for a while.I really recommend it.
9,This is an art film.
10,It was so much fun! I didn't expect much and went to see it because of the high score, but it was fun watching it all the whole time! It was based on a true story, so it broke my heartcrying
10,h.a.p.p.y...ㅜㅜ How can you beat someone who does something happy...Christian Bale, who plays the role of wife, is like a real couple.I hope you all watch it...There's no point in watching this movie unless it's in the theater.
10,The sound of exhaust gas rang throughout the movie
10,It's so much fun
10,Please increase the number of theaters
10,Every time Ken Miles changed gears, stepped on the accelerator, and stepped on the brakes, my body moved like a car...There weren't many theaters, but...More than two hours was not a waste and it was a great choice on Christmas Eve
10,A realistic racing scene...The sound of a car engine that makes your heart beat.It feels like I'm racing.The best movie for anyone who likes cars.
10,First of all, the movie is really fun and it brings the most sense of immersion among the car movies so far.In particular, Le Mans 24 is a very boring content to interpret as a movie (a high-speed competition but a 24-hour competition that doesn't fit the mood of Korea), so I don't think it was boring because it showed the process of Kerole Shelby and Ken Miles's efforts to go to the racing competition.I recommend you to watch it. Are you watching the hit squad supervisor?This is how car movies are made and directed.ps. Finally, Ford officials should thank Carol Shelby and Ken Miles.Without them, Ford could never have made the Mustang and Fordgt today
10,
10,I didn't know the time went by and enjoyed watching it.Passion for your work, live a valuable life!
10,Don't look at Mt. Baekdu. Look at thisㅠㅠ Not to mention Matt Damon
10,Good job watching this movie on 4dx 10000 times.If I hadn't watched it at the theater, I would have regretted it forever.
10,It's a movie that I watched after a long time
10,I didn't have much expectations and watched the movie, so I was more immersed than I thought and enjoyed it.  All the characters were as well described as in real life, and they were good at acting, so I didn't get bored.
10,
6,It's just good. Mise en-scene and acting are good
10,She's a girl, but I really enjoyed watching itI don't know about cars, but I could see it as super fun
10,Can't you get a little more screen time in Pohang ㅠㅠ I can't doze off more I haven't done it since last week ㅠㅠ please
10,Run like crazy at 7,000 RPM!
8,
9,It's fun to watch it twice
10,a masterpiece of life
8,The engine is buzzing. BM is the best when it comes to cars.
10,This is not a racing story. It's a story of life.
10,It's a movie that made me come home and watch the trailer again because I couldn't forget the touching moment of the movie theater. The story is so touching that I enjoy talking with my wife all day long, and the video and music that seem to be sitting in the driver's seat of Gyeongju car stand out.
10,The only thing I can say is that it's the best
10,
10,You're really the best
10,It's really, really fun! Make sure you watch it
8,It's fun
10,I can't believe the screen is reduced due to movies like Mt. Baekdu.What a shame. Why do you make a theater like this on Christmas Day? You have to show a great movie. Korean movie industry is rotten. Parasite...Make sure to watch it. It's the best
7,Beyond everything, Bale and Damon believe and see. Because of the two's acting that naturally absorbs the role, even after the movie, I hope that those two are actual characters.
10,So much fun!
10,It's a bit boring in the beginning, but I lost track of time in the middle and late stages. After watching it, I found all of Le Mans' 24 o'clock and watched it. He's so good at acting and it's
8,a surge of adrenaline and a burst of pure passion
10,It's so much fun that my hands are sweaty.
10,I don't know if 4D came out or not, but my hands and feet flinched while watching 2DI watched it without any information about the movie. Wow, it's a movie that doesn't waste money. I think it's going to be my life movieI think the actors and actresses were in perfect harmony.It was the best movie I can't describe!
10,Masterpiece ★ Screen monopoly should be done by this movie. I didn't know that 2 hours and 30 minutes would go so fast without major incidents, without much unusual content, even without interest in cars.It was also good that the characters were not a common growth and were just professionals themselves.You should watch a movie like this at the theater."Please increase the number of theaters!"
10,It didn't seem like 2 hours and 40 minutes
10,If you are not interested in cars, it may be a little boring, but if you like cars even a little bit, you can watch 2 hours and 40 minutes without getting bored for a second. The second half is all great scenes I recommend you to watch it
10,
10,I watched it twiceI was touched by both of them both
10,It feels like this year's movie came out at the end of this year
10,
10,It's really fun. You have to watch it before you die
10,Why doesn't the countryside have a 4D screening? When I see Daejinwoon, it seems like the end, but a really interesting movie can't see the light.4D last train! If I didn't watch it, I would have regretted it. I hope you watch it at the theater.Make sure to do that in 4D
10,A magical movie that turns the heart of the audience into a racecar engine that breaks through the limits.
10,It's fun. Time flies
10,It's so much fun. It's thrilling and you can watch it with your parents without any burden Not only the thrill but also the story was great!
10,
10,
10,It's not boring and it's so much fun!
10,Among the movies I watched this year, I really enjoyed it
8,Ford II is right. Pig is right too.
10,The production is great, but Christian Bale's performance is beyond words
10,
1,If you don't know cars like me, don't look at them ㅜㅜ If you like cars, you will get 100 points
10,This is the first movie to cry after hearing the sound of a car engine. Really... I wish this movie would have been more successful.
10,I was worried because the running time was 150 minutes, but I was worried. Time flies so fast that I think, "Already?" The sense of immersion and the actors' acting is really overwhelming. I hope you can feel the excitement of the racing scene at the movie theater! I dare to put it in the top 5 movies I watched this year.
10,It's fun... Movie of the year
10,It's more than two hours of movie, but it wasn't boring
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie
10,No way! The best movie of my life! I felt my blood boiling for the first time in a while
10,It's a masterpiece. I recommend it as a movie
10,It's like a racing movie, but it's not just a racing movie. a masterpiece penetrating the philosophy of life I will be remembered forever as a proverb in my life.
10,A movie that you can enjoy even if you don't know much about racing
10,I wasn't interested in cars at all, so I didn't expect much. I enjoyed it
10,Best... no words needed.
10,It's more valuable than any movie I've seen recently. Applause for the actors' acting, and more than that, give 97 points for the director's
10,My heart was pounding while watching a movie after a long time agoIt is not strange that this movie has more than 10 million viewers Too bad movie behind screen monopoly
10,It was so much funIf it's long, I don't feel any long running time!
10,Out of all the movies I've seen, I was the most immersed in it
10,It's an amazing movie Make sure to check it out at the Yeonghwagwan Office
10,I didn't expect it, but it was fun!
8,The movie with dusty and oily smell was fun.
9,Wow... I was surprised by the shooting and the story. I got goosebumps all over my body.
9,It was fun. Go watch it
10,If you watch a really fun movie, you'll never see it again, but you can do it three times
10,The movie that I enjoyed watching while feeling the speed. Everyone wants to go watch it because it's the release of Cats. Be as fun as Ford v Ferrari I saw 15 days ago
9,I could feel the essence of a car in this movie
10,There are no funny movie theaters because of trash movies. I should've seen you earlier.
10,
10,¿#%#%#%#%?Rather than watching a graduation work like Mt. Baekdu, I watch one more Ferrari that is warm and reliable
9,I lost track of time
10,I was not interested in cars for the first time in a movie that left such a lingering impression after watching it, but I became interested in this movie. That's how wonderful and Ken Miles' dreams and passion are so wonderful and respectful that my heart is filled with emotion His nose is bleeding when he drives a carㅠㅠ I just can't put it all into words Just watch it. It's like my life movieㅠㅠT
10,I was more surprised than looking for a real story after the movie. Christian Bale plays the main character's bent waist and turtle neck equally.
8,Bale's too old, his wife's too standout, just a car scene
10,I miss my boyfriend so muchI forced myself to watch it at first, but it was so much funTo the point where my hands are sweating all the time. If you have prejudice like me, don't regret it and watch it
10,There is no need for words. Go and feel it. If you're a man, you can't help but tremble
10,It was more fun than I expected. I lost track of time.
10,The engine sound of an old sports car was OST. The cover-up was so stark, I was nervous the whole time, and in the end...Passion, friendship, even your wife's affection. It was a thrilling movie
10,If you like cars, I recommend you watch it quietly. When I listen to the exhaust sound that increases as the RPM goes up, my heart beats faster. Instead, there are a few crazy caricatures and I feel a little tired of the ending
10,My hands are sweaty. I strongly recommend it
10,The scene where Ken and his son were talking on the runway was so beautiful
8,훌륭한 카메라 작품과 운전자를 위한 연기력
9,Lost track of time and fell in love with racing.
10,The acting of two actors and the directing scene of racing deserve the highest score already.I felt a palpitation after a long time from the sound of the car engine
8,I think it wasn't as good as I expected.I think I've seen the live-action version of the car animation.
10,It's amazing, it's amazing, it's amazing!
10,I'm sure people who don't like cars will like this movie
6,Disadvantage 1. The more fictional the movie is based on a true story, the more disappointed you will be after watching it. Disadvantages 2. If you are not familiar with fps or racing games, you will get motion sickness and dizziness for a while after watching a movie.
10,It's my first time ever getting a rating. How come I don't get a screening? It's really lingering and I was sweating in the latter partI love the Fast and Furious series, but this movie is so touching and the chemistry between the two men is the best!
10,2019 Joker Parasite Ford V Ferrari
10,
10,Time flies... I just have to watch it.
8,I only see Ferrari throughout the movie
10,Indeed, the odds of Ford beating Ferrari were slimmer than the odds of a schoolboy who didn't study at all suddenly starting to study and winning the top of the school, which is amazing...Can Miles, Shelby
10,How would you rate Bale or Damon? When we were in school, we were in the top 10 in the grade. We were good, but we weren't in the top 1st or 2nd place, so we weren't that open. This movie feels like that, too. A film that is straight and officially worthy of a perfect score.The overall flow and the music was so good.
10,
10,The hot and passionate race of men... It was only after the movie that I was relaxed. It was really impressive
9,Are you watching? Uhm Bokdong
10,It's one of the top 10 movies of my life.
9,Sound is very important. Super cars, muscle cars, Harley. I think it's the same thing
10,I lost track of time.Make sure you watch it.
10,Just look, trust the ratings, the three elements of the movie, the story action, and...I was satisfied with all the popcorn.
10,2 hours and 32 minutes at 7000 RPM...I saw a good masterpiece after a long time. :)
10,
10,What do you need to say?  We're going crazy over 7,000 RPM!
10,Why did you write such a masterpiece so quickly? Put down all the useless things
10,
10,I think it's the best movie of my life.I see you happily at the end of the year.^^
10,Yes, this is a movie. I watched it at 7000 RPM for 2 hours and a half
10,I went to the movie theater in a hurry because I was afraid I might get off because there was no time. The most interesting movie I've seen this year. The most interesting movie even though I don't know anything about cars.Passion and professionalism. The movie itself is professional, so I was amazed even after the movie was over. I'm still amazed after watching the movie! After the movie, I was driving a Kia, and it felt bitter.
10,
10,There's a bit of action, and when it's going up the charts, the old guys were clapping, so I almost broke my immersion, but I'm going to get into it again. I'll play Kartrider
10,A movie about passion and love for cars
10,
10,I want to live a life where I am crazy about something. A movie that made me realize that engineers can become artists.
8,The racing scene was cool and intense. Reason for 8 points: Outstanding acting, fun and touching, but the story is not novel because it is a long running time and a true story.
10,I saw this movie on Saturday when I was thinking of sending my wife, son and daughter to a water park and going to a movie. It was the best movie I've seen recently.It's a touching scene, and the racing scene is really exciting.The next day, I took my 10-year-old son and went to see him again.My son said it was fun and he talked about the movie. It's been a long time since I went to see a movie like that. Personally, it's been a long time since I've been there.
8,Despite the obvious relationship between Ford (=US=Challenger) and Ferrari (=Italian/European=strongest) and internal enemies (=Bureaucracy/Vice President), a well-packed Hollywood production. The taste of natural Christian Bale's British accent and strong engineer acting.
10,The movie that I watched without knowing the time was passing
10,
10,Personally, I think it's like a gift set that's one of the best movies in 2019
10,I thought about it seriously, but there was no movie that lingered like this. Those who watched it will know. This is a movie.
10,This movie is not just a racing movie. It's about life
10,After watching it, my perception of Ford got worse and I was so sad because of the last lost championship.ㅜㅜ I'm glad I watched this movie today. I could see how brilliant he was when he worked with passion!
10,It's crazy The racing movie that I've seen so far was "Give Me a Dog Food". People who like racing will go crazy. Oh, my
9,It's the best racing movie of the year.Ferrari is the best car
10,It's a little over-the-top. I thought a two-and-a-half-hour movie went by in 3 minutes and 30 seconds of a race. Wow, I don't need words with the director. I don't know why it's low. For your information, I enjoyed watching it even though it's a woman
10,It's crazy. It'sound of the engine.  I'm twice as thrilled that it was a true story. In American history, the only time Ford ever won Le Mans was by Can Miles and Shelby
10,
10,The Essence of a Great Buddy Movie. The ending might be a little disappointing depending on the person.
9,I enjoyed it
10,It's so much fun if you know a car. It's so much fun if you don't know
10,
10,No matter how much you look at it, it's a Ford Meck movie. Ah... I'm not fair...
10,It was an impressive movie that lost track of time due to the good performance of the actors and the directing that solves various perspectives and conflicts that anyone could think about in their lives.
10,First time in my life, I've got a rating
10,I'm rooting for Ferrari. It's pleasant, but it's a bit bitter somewhere. It's funny, but it seems irresponsible for a father with a child to risk his life.
10,
10,"Jongbuk Paektu Mountain" vs "Ford N' Parari" Watch the movie and reflect on yourself, making a movie about praising North Korea and portraying the U.S. as the axis of evil...
10,
10,재I think it's fun I got goosebumps
10,When you listen to the engine sound, it's already been 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,This movie only has a million people? Best movie in recent years!
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie.   The conflict between the characters, the acting, the tension in the last part, and the directing skills were all outstanding.  It made my hands sweat without realizing it. I strongly recommend it!
10,
10,It's so much fun! Make sure to watch it!
10,It was a movie that didn't waste any time.I enjoyed watching the movie because the story is so good and the movie production is fun and the racing is fun.
10,I still want to ride a Ferrari
10,Just good! If we promoted it well, it would have been below zero.
10,Best movie of the year
10,I couldn't stop myself from being immersed in the most impressive movie, and I was completely immersed in Christian Vale
10,After Bohemian Rhapsody, on my way back from the big movie...It feels like I'm Ken behind the wheel
10,
10,Mechanics beat businessmen. It is regrettable that the screen monopoly of domestic low-end films is only.
10,I didn't write a rating, but I didn't know time went by. It's a surprise that it's the same price as other movies
10,It's art. It's just the pinnacle. flawless
10,It's fun. My heart is still pounding!
10,The thrill of 7,000 RPM that comes from the whole body is implied, and two and a half hours is far from enough to contain everything you want to convey.It's a movie that makes me speechless and amazing to say that it's a true story.The line between reality and fiction is so natural.The 7000 rpm scene in the second half reminded me of Interstellar.A movie that knocks on the hearts of the audience.
10,I think it's a movie that got hit by Christian Vale
10,The lively race and the sound that makes your heart race! The hosting was the best without any boredom
6,I was really disappointed with the script because I had high expectations
10,It's so touchingThe movie time that lingers is gone
10,I really enjoyed it It might be boring in the beginning, but I lost track of time
10,This is the first movie I've seen since Lord of the Rings. I got everything, including excitement and excitement! You're the best! I'll see you again!
9,This is a movie where you have to feel the sound properly in the theater, and in the middle of the day or racing, you feel like your hair is getting wet
10,It's been a while since I dozed off and had fun.A movie that I watched until the end
8,Why People Don't Buy American Cars
10,A movie with a perfect score for a high-quality production of a racing scene.
10,I recommend you to have fun.ㅠ
10,This is what a movie is like. Not a useless pro-North Korea game
10,All right. My heart starts pounding
9,A movie that once again falls in love with Christian Bale
10,It was the best racing movie
9,
10,More than just regular racing movies, often showy.
10,It's always an exciting and moving journey to build something, to become a team and achieve goals
10,When an actor comes out, I tend to watch it, but the movie is fun, so I think I'll find out later that this actor was Christian Vale
8,The tension runs until the end of the movie
10,I must have lost track of time.
8,It was good to see the true face of the ensemble and the black comedy was more interesting than the action
10,The running time of 2 and a half hours flew by with high-quality production and action...The most impressive movie of the year...Make sure you watch it
10,The movie ends quickly. I think I watched a touching and interesting movie.
10,I didn't know it was boring. As expected! As expected! As expected
10,This movie is much lower than Mt. Baekdu.Make sure you watch it. Touching and fun
7,Start and end at 7000 rpm
10,Everything is perfect I strongly recommend it
8,Ford v. Ken Miles.I can't forget Miles and Ferrari's final greeting. The last sequence is overwhelming.
10,Everything was a perfectly moving movie. I think it's a relief that I saw it in the theater even though it's late.
10,At first, I thought it was just a racing movie, so I didn't expect much, but after watching it, I was just moved...
10,Finally, I saw a work at the movie theater. The detailed production in the sketch, iKONIC metaphor, and crazy sound
7,ㅠㅠ Christian veil
9,The ending is a story that everyone knows, but you fall for it when you watch it.
10,No, this movie and Korean movie have the same ticket price. True? I'm so embarrassed.
10,It's just Matt Damon coming out and believing in him. Didn't you make the preview too boring ㅠㅠㅠThe movie was amazing. It was so much fun. I lost track of time
10,I was so immersed in the movie. It was so much fun You're all good at acting. You're so into it that you can't get bored
10,For the first time in my life, I watched it in a movie theater with my hands clasped.Why are there so few theaters for this kind of movie? Korea is so frustrating
7,I didn't expect too much from my GPA, but it wasn't as good as I thought. It's not the best, but about 6.5 points is appropriate.
10,You're the best! Make sure to watch it!
10,gut, exorcism
10,Make sure you watch this! Especially, hurry up and book at the movie theater. There's a limit to watching it on TV ㅜㅜ
10,My heart was pounding
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,I think it's a very well-organized movie.Especially when I found out that Ford was interested in sports cars.
10,I was so sad that there weren't many best screens
10,What I felt when I started my Ferrari after watching the movie.The reality was cooler
10,Two great actors' performances as great acting
10,It was the best movie I wanted to take out my driver's license in the closet. Top
10,A movie about a person's pure passion for what they really like.
10,Bae Ki-eum, which makes you excited even if you don't know much about racing, is a great movie that anyone who likes and is interested in cars at the end of 2019 can enjoy watching
10,It's the best movie of 2019 Make sure you watch it
9,Perfect rap.
10,I recommend you to watch a crazy movie!
10,
10,2019's best movie, acting, video, and story
10,
5,It's just average.
10,It's a really touching movie. 20 minutes later, it's going to be the most immersive
10,Best movie I've seen this year.  I could watch a movie nervous after a long time. A movie that'll be fun even if you watch it twice
10,The movie that I watched was not a movie.I'm suffering from the aftereffects Time flies
8,Fried chicken, fried chicken, fried chicken, boom, boom, boom
9,An actor you can trust~~~*
10,I don't need to say anything. I'm the best
10,If you moved your butt while watching it, then hit the jackpot
10,Best movie ever. I lost track of time
10,No words needed! You'll know when you see it!
10,I was going to see Mt. Baekdu and I saw this. If I don't, I'll regret it. If you don't know why it's not showing late at night, stop pushing Korean movies. Make sure you watch it
10,I felt like I was really watching a movie or I was actually there I was forced into it It was so good that it was included in the top 50 movies of my life. Thank you so much for making this movie. The actors who showed great acting were so coolThank you very much for the Ford Ferrari.
10,
10,Those who don't watch are not even entitled to regret it, look at it, no matter what
10,The director was nervous about when the accident would happen, but by the time it was over, it was over! The moment you do it, you have an accident;;
10,Fifty years ago, Ford's organizational culture felt real to modern office workers, and I was moved to see Shelby and Ken confronting this reality proudly and gracefully. The energy given by the racing scene makes me wriggle something in my mind.
10,It's really fun since the middle I can't believe you expressed the racing in such a realistic way to go
10,It was the best movie ever. The best movie to make 2019.When I first saw this movie, I had a strong impression, so I went to the theater three times.
10,
10,Just look at it's... a masterpiece with fun and themes
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year.
10,This movie is really a perfect rap. What did a son become when he grew up?
10,Best movie in the second half of this year ㅠㅠ
10,Just look. She's into it. A movie without missing anything. I hate screen quotas. I want to watch a lot of movies like this. More than half of Korean movies are trash.
10,The time went by at 7000 rpm
10,There's just no need for words. Make sure you watch it
10,There's no time to be bored throughout the running time
10,It was a movie that I enjoyed for the first time in a while. Make sure you watch it. Watch it twice.
9,The best Buddy movie. The passion and friendship of two wonderful men can heat the eyes of a middle-aged man, so you should prepare a handkerchief.
10,The best movie I've ever seen. Watching a movie is so interesting that I can't even blink Whether you like tea or not.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in theaters this year.
10,Matt Damon sometimes appears in movies and Christian Bale is not a masterpiece, but the two of them come out together, so what's the odds of it being a bust?
10,Best. No more explanation
10,Hello :) I was really surprised Hah!
10,There's a story and humor. I enjoyed it a lotIt's been a long time since I last saw a movie with money. ^^
10,Ferrari: (Nodding)
10,A complete comparison between Ford II and Enzo Ferrari!! Ford II is only interested in restoring his image and pursuing profits - the scene where he greets Ferrari and Kenmiles after the game is touching. It's cool because he can feel the sincerity and passion of loving tea. Have I ever put so much heart and passion into something in my life?The safety of my life as it flows like a squirrel's wheel?I don't know if I will, but it's neither fun nor passionate. Anyway, it made me look back on my life now - the two main characters' performances were perfect and the sound of the engine was heart-throbbing and charming.
10,A movie that strengthened the philosophy of my life. 7000+ RPM GO LIKE HELL.
10,Personally, the best movie of 2019
10,There's really no need for words. It's a masterpiece. I was really impressed even though I was a woman in her 20s who doesn't know much about cars. It's a pity that there aren't many movie times to watch ㅜㅜ
10,Really. There's no need for words. Look.
10,
10,The conservative and bureaucratic atmosphere of large corporations in the U.S. in the 1960s is not yet in Korea.It reminded me of the domestic corporate culture represented by politics rather than work. ㅠㅠ Anyway, the best movie!
10,My heart aches for the last sad ending, but I also listened to the movie of my life Hello
10,It's the best movie ever. Make sure to watch it
10,Christian Bale + Matt Damon American Psycho and Goodwill Hunting have seen all of their films since their first appearanceHis acting skills that never disappoints me. As expected, today ^^
10,I didn't expect anything before I saw it, but when I left the theater, the sound of the engine lingered in my mind. It's amazing that you made such an interesting movie with racing materials.
10,It's a neat and concise movie
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it!
10,It wasn't Ferrari that made my hands sweat, it was the real-time check of various prejudices and executives against Ken. a film that shows the obstacles to innovation
10,Why can't we make this kind of movie in Korea? It was the best movie I've seen in the second half of this year
8,An hour and a half is a little boring and an hour is fun and touching
10,Really... The best movie I've seen this year, ㅠㅠ Woman, and the car didn't even know I was going to fall asleep, and I almost cried and I thought I was going to die.That's awesome. ㅠㅠ Please increase the number of theaters. It's three times a day in Hongdae, Seoul. I love you 7000 rpm
9,The racing scene is really cool
10,
10,
10,It's not anyone's fault. They just did their best in their respective positions.
10,It's a shame that the number of movies like this should go over 10 million and now it's 1 millionIt's a movie that's
10,A real car movie is this fun? It's really amazing. It's Chago. Youngho
10,The heaviest movie I've seen lately.The movie where I could feel the sound of my heart beating. It's cool
9,Ford v Ferrari script, directing, acting, etc. are all good movies. Two and a half hours feels like an hour because the racing is so well mixed into the narrative of the two characters. Many people will agree that this movie is a masterpiece, but there will be many opinions about the message. I think 7000 RPM is the criterion for determining a true racer. In the beginning, Ken is aiming to win. Ken's wife tells him not to lie to himself and run truthfully because that attitude is not to enjoy racing itself. He goes over 7,000 RPM and then runs with pure passion. It also shows understanding and respect for each other with Shelby. Because both of them are over 7,000 RPM, and they run with pure passion, which creates a common denominator and creates a bond. So Ken and Shelby would be the real winners. Unlike Ford, who simply values utility, their attitude toward racing with pure passion must have won. Ford v Ferrari is talking about the attitude toward jobs through the symbolic number of 7000 RPM. There's no doubt that the friendship between the two heart-throbbing men and the pretty heavy message behind the sound of the engine are raising the level of this movie to another level.
10,I was going to see Mt. Baekdu, but as soon as I got the feeling that it was a trash movie after hearing about the review, I reserved this movie. This movie is worth watching. It's been a long time. It was free parking for 3 hours, but I paid 1,000 won. The movie was this long. Other people were talking about it. I heard that they were like, "Hello, too. I don't know why it came out there, but I was surprised. I think it's a must-see movie for the heads of big companies. Soho founders would be nice to see. It was a meaningful movie.
10,It's charming and I miss this passion!I recommend it!
10,"Frozen Treasure" is 7,000 times more fun
10,
10,It was so much fun! I wish there were more theaters. I'm angry that Baekdusan movie is monopolized and buried masterpieces
10,I went to see Ford Ferrari today, but there was one theater and two time zonesI went to see it, and there were a lot of spectatorsㅠㅠ After watching the movie, it's a masterpiece and there are so many audiences, but there aren't many theaters. ㅠㅠ I'm upset
10,I didn't know that 2 hours and 30 minutes were too long and I was so immersed in the movie.
9,I watched it with my father. All I can say is that it's an amazing movie.
10,I didn't expect much. I was so nervous that my hands were sweating. It's one of the masterpieces. I strongly recommend it.
10,There is no particular advertisement, part-time job, or theater, but there is a reason why it is still being screened. The American soup is permeated, but this year's movie is comparable. The trick is that Ford's enemy is actually Ford.
10,
10,I'm not interested in cars, but 2 hours and 30 minutes went by so quickly. It's so much fun and immersive! I don't know why there aren't any theaterscrying
10,The actors you trust and watch are the basics, and the storyline is flawless
10,I can still hear the engine sound. Do I need to change the parts when I ride my morning ride after the movie? a broken feeling
10,It's a movie that shows how cool it is, not pretending from start to finish. The last Ferrari CEO slightly raised a fedora and acknowledged it really
10,
10,There are so few screens ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I don't like to compare, but I've watched 7,000 times more fun than the movies that are ranked first and second place! The first movie I paid twice in my life.
10,I wanted to watch a movie because it's the weekend, but it's not fun to start a movie on Mt. Baekdu, and it's been more than Ford since its release, and Ford doesn't have much time
10,As a woman but who has driven a car in manual gear, the sense of the fingertips and the power to hit and rise when changing hunger. The sound of the engine and so on made my heart pound. I was a little embarrassed at the theater because my hands were sweaty and I was cheering at the finish line It's been a while since I saw a masterpiece
10,I was worried about the title, but I boldly bought a ticket after watching actor Matt Damon. But now I'm clicking on five starsIt is also highly recommended for people who are not interested in car racing or cars.It would be that difficult to put a title on it, but it was also difficult for me to suggest it now, but it was a great movie that would have been more successful if the title had been different.It was a good movie with all the real stories, impressions, and actions. Matt Damon, who has always been in serious, deeply lingering films about life, was also out of the question, and Christian Bale, who played the uncompromising best driver, was cool.When I was driving on the highway, I thought of a movie for a while, so I liked everything except for the side effects of pressing the accelerator a little longer Hah!
10,I'm crying, laughing, and touching.
9,It's crazy. This close-to-perfect movie is just buried.
10,I fall asleep whenever I go to the movie theater. This movie is a late night movie, but I couldn't sleep and watched it with great concentration.
10,Really, time flew by. I watched it with my mouth open. It feels like I'm opening up when the car is runningStrongly recommended. Strongly recommended
10,Wow, please increase the number of theaters I lost track of time
10,The two actors are good at actingThe long running time wasn't boring ~
10,
10,
10,2 hours and 30 minutes went by so quickly!
10,the action of a car is very good
10,It'll be remembered as a masterpiece
10,
8,I did -_- in the beginning, but the tension is no joke in the middle;
10,
10,Is it just me?I cried while watching it.I thought, "Did I ever do something that passionately in my life.ㅜㅜ Action. Story.friendship between friends who resemble each other It was such a happy movie. Make sure to watch The Ford V Ferrari
10,There are many car movies and race movies that have a lot to see. But I wonder if there was such a well-made movie. One disappointment was the enchanting engine sound and the characters' performance, so the sound of the movie OST didn't sound bad
10,I watched it well so that it wasn't boring for a long time. It's a good movie.
10,저는 행복해요. 난 HAPPY야. 난 내가 HAPPY라는 걸 알아.
10,I'm only searching for the Ford Mustangs
10,I always wished that tragedy would not happen whenever I stepped hard.
10,Why don't I get a GPA? This is real
10,I'm going to turn on Gran Turismo when I get home. So funny
10,
10,It's so much fun that it became my life movie?
2,I'm so sleepy. I'm not interested in you. I'm not bored
10,
10,It's just a shame that there's no theater for a masterpiece
10,It's fun for women to watch, but men will like it more. I really enjoyed it because of your acting skills. I highly recommend it!It's unfortunate that there aren't many screens and the title is a little disappointing ^^;;
10,It's so exciting. I'm still excited
10,This is a movie. It is different from Korean movies that only cause forced laughter and tears.
9,You live like the wind and go away like the wind
10,Please increase the number of theatersA movie that many people should watch
10,The best movie. Haha. Nummo is fun
8,Why does Matt Damon speak Korean? Hello?
10,Complete production, acting... 7000 RPM! I can't find Ken Miles anywhere... Even the encyclopedia left him out of GT40 history. a sad reality
9,a movie that made two famous actors' chemistry stand out
10,It's a really really fun movie, so I recommended it to people around me.
9,Victory was stolen, but passion was not stolen by Ferrari May Can Miles rest in peace.
10,It's fun. A movie that ends with three letters
10,
10,I don't know why there's no such a masterpieces like this.Best in both acting and story. I lost track of time and watched it
10,It's so funny. My dad and I were touched and my mom fell asleep Gear change, slide!(Singing "Crying")
6,It's a bit boring because it's too long. If it was shorter, it would have been more impactful
10,The best movie I've seen in theaters in 2019. a masterful performance by great actors It's not just a car racing movie, it's a movie that makes me think about life again.
10,It's the best. I want to see it again in 4DX, once again in ScreenX, and once again in SoundX.
9,Although he won the race, the real winner is Encho Ferrari.
7,7,000 RPM engine orgasm! a man's dream
10,
9,A vibrant film about the desire and life of a sportsman who is free from heroism. This year's Academy Award for Best Cinematography and Best Editing has already been decided.
10,I saw it yesterday150 minutes of running time is so much fun that it feels like an hour   If you haven't seen it, please watch it
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed watching it
10,To be honest, a movie that you can watch twice more after paying for it
10,The heart-throbbing engine and the heart-throb Ken Miles' biography made me dream for 150 minutes
10,
10,At first, I felt bored because I had to tell the story, but the moment Ken Miles climbed to GT40, he was just crazy.I want to beat Ford
10,
10,The movie that came out after watching it without thinking. It's the best!
10,I don't understand why Korea was less successful than other countries. I don't know anything about cars, but I don't get in the way of understanding the story at all. It seems to be a high-quality movie because humanism, action, and tension are well harmonized throughout the movie.
10,It is a movie that makes my heart warm and lasts long.Thank you!
10,Story, acting, moderate tension. I lost track of time and enjoyed it!
6,If you really like cars, or if you like action movies, I recommend "Fast and Furious"
10,A movie that makes you think of many things. The images of various executives seen while working at the company were projected. Executives should watch some movies like this... It's a wonder this movie is disappearing from theaters so quickly.
10,There's a cool scene, and you can feel the taste when you watch it at the theater
10,
10,Good. I think it's worth watchingGuys, be careful driving after the movie
9,
8,It was a movie that showed why Ferrari is a Ferrari.The way he treats racing is Darmford's old man, the sycophantic BB Get Out
10,I slept less than 3 hours and went to watch an early morning movie, but I was into it for 150 minutesThis is the joy that movies give!
10,I liked it. My son from elementary school 2nd grade asked his mom about it from time to time, but he was very focused and enjoyed it.Afterwards, I understand the content.If you were immersed and the content was good, I highly recommend it
10,A movie that makes you want to drive
10,The GT40, which came to mind when I heard of Ford, was the pride of Ford to the point where I can't remember anything other than Henry Ford and this car. I didn't know this would be hidden in such a car. In commemoration of this GT in 2017, we limited the production of GT with a new design, and now it has become so valuable that we have to buy it with extra money.It was so nice to know a great man named Ken Miles, and it was so nice to see that not Ford's achievement, but his achievement. I wonder how much better a masterpiece would have been if Forda had been in a good environment and just got to know Shelby, who I thought was just a tuning company. Thank you.
10,It's so much fun! I lost track of time and enjoyed it!
9,I like this kind of movie because I like true story movies. Realistic racing game and speed. And the philosophical story of life. It's a loss if you don't watch a movie like this
10,Matt Damon, Christian Bale. What do you need to say?I lost track of time
10,Everything was perfectEspecially the sound
10,I know how to step on it, but I thought it was the best virtue to be as quiet as Tesla. It's a movie that makes you feel thrilled and makes you want to run to Songdo or the circuit
9,Even if it's a little boring in the beginning, just wait 40 minutes
10,If I were to pick the best movie of 2019, I would dare say "Ford v Ferrari."
5,It's so boring... I don't sleep as much as movies, but I slept... The background was real, so if I had seen it, I could only see the stadium, and I was good at acting, but it was boring because it was not fun and obvious. The main characters are just... He was more like a neighborhood bully than a nerd. I guess it was a long time ago, but... It's just... it's like you're saying that you're a good neighborhood bully. I didn't understand. It's because it's a true story. I guess it's because it was a long time ago.
10,It was nice to see it before the screening was over. It's a shame that it's going to be more popular. Look at those who are worried
10,It was the best movie I've seen this yearI saw Mt. Baekdu right away, but Mt. Baekdu disappeared from my memory
10,I was looking forward to the video, but the acting and story were all good
10,It's a quiet drama, but my hands are sweating...
10,Just watch it. I don't talk about it at the movies
10,I was so happy for 2 hours and a half. I'm going to watch a movie like this at the end of the year, so I think I'll be able to wrap up the year happily Make sure to watch it
10,
10,
10,It's been a long time since the movie made my heart race
10,It's a movie where you can have fun even if you don't know much about cars If you listen to the OST while driving after watching, the scenes in the movie overlap, so be careful!^^
10,I just saw it and it's really the best.
10,I'm the winner after watching the best movie on the screen.Even if you don't know anything about racing or are not interested in cars, you can hold your breath and watch it
10,It's more touching than I expected. It's a good movieI'm so glad I didn't see Mt. Baekdu
10,It's a masterpiece! I should watch it again.
10,Even if I don't have a racing car, I have a racing game.
10,It's a movie that fits perfectly when you say everything is perfect.This is the best movie of my life movie ever
10,
10,It's been a while since I've had a hot movie
8,It's a bit long, but I'll warm up my heart and then end it explodes
10,You'll regret it if you don't go to the cinema.
10,You have to watch the movie of your life. I almost got touched ㅠㅠ
10,It's a well-made movie that makes you feel like you're racing in between
10,It was fun ^^
10,Ah... It was a movie that made me grab the g29 handle again.  The video length was 150 minutes? I thought it was about an hour. Thank you, translator.
10,It's a very interesting and wonderful movie
9,Real cuteness
10,
10,It's the best movie ever. The thrill is the best. The actors' acting is the best.
10,My heart also beat at the Daytona Le Mans match. It brought back the excitement and excitement of the forgotten game, and the exhaust sound that rang out for three hours shone at the moment more than any movie OST. There was nothing missing from the actors' acting, directing, or story, and it was the best movie of 2019
10,When I watch racing races, I naturally get nervous and sweaty
10,Let's make him No. 1 for Lealmot Ford
10,No fun. Don't watch Korean movies. Watch thisI almost clapped while watching the movie. It's okay if you're not interested in carsI think it's the first time this year that I watched a lot
10,It's so much fun. I don't like cars, but it's just fun
9,A movie that makes you understand why you're crazy about engine roaring and speed
10,There's a reason why I got a high score.I almost died of suffocation the whole time I was racing.Becoming the movie of my life this year.
10,The tremors and lingering emotions of 7000 RPM
10,It was breathtaking. Matt Damon, it was fascinating just to see Christian Bale's performance. I was an outsider who didn't even know what 7000 RPM was, but when I went up at that speed, the moment their emotions spread, tears really burst out. I feel overwhelmed. Their passion for what they wanted to do was so cool. It's a true story, but it's so dramatic. Directing, music, and more than anything, acting... It was amazing!
10,As I always feel, companies and sports are completely different from head to chest.
9,I understand why this movie has a high rating If you're confused whether to watch it or not, make sure to watch it
10,It's a sotori that people who work in modern society can relate to.
10,The story of two former astronauts making friendships on the ground
10,I bought my first car recently. I'm in my 30s. ㅠㅠ I watched it crying
9,I feel like I saw a two-hour Ford ad.
10,Wow, my favorite movie... I'll see you again tomorrow
10,I really enjoyed it It's more impressive and touching to swallow sadness calmly so that it's not too much! I didn't really like racing movies, but it was realistic and fun. The long running time wasn't boring, and there were satire elements, especially the actors' acting. Christian Bale doesn't need words and even the child actor is good at acting! Thank you!
10,LOL. Ford was so funny when he picked up his car It's been a while since I watched a fun movie
10,I'm glad I saw it. I don't need to say anything else
10,
7,You will be able to express this movie with one sense of immersion. It's not particularly funny or actionable, but it's very immersive. Audiences who are not familiar with cars will also fall in love with the movie when Ford II turns into pigs. I acknowledge the workability, but I give 7 points because the story is monotonous and only one character is too illuminated to make a fool of people around me, and it is difficult to enjoy lightly.
10,As a car lover, there was no movie like this. The speed, thrill, and emotion were the best.
10,I watched the movie because my boyfriend who loves cars said he wanted to watch it with me! I was so excited from the start of the movie that I focused on without thinking about anything else, and the movie ended... Please watch it twiceㅠㅠ I almost cried because it wasn't boring for people who didn't know much about cars and the story was solid and touching. I really enjoyed it the most this year Before I saw it, I thought that the part-timers might have gotten better grades because the ratings were so good. ㅠㅠㅠㅠNo, I'm a ginja. Make sure you watch it
10,A thrilling racing production, an exciting war of nerves between capitalism and individuals. I think it's one of the best movies of the year.
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen recently, and there was no time to be bored enough to make me forget the long running time
10,I lost track of time when I was so into acting crazy
8,140 minutes passed like 14 minutes...I don't usually enjoy watching action movies, but I really enjoyed it! I strongly recommend it!
10,Why am I crying?
10,There's no need for words. A movie that a man should watch
10,My heart is pounding the whole time I watch it
10,This is OO Jin. ㅠㅠ Please look at it Don't look at Mt. Baekdu
8,The acting is good and coolEnjoy your eyes
9,It's a movie that I recommend you to watch at the movie theater.I was so immersed that I lost track of time until the end credits went up.I strongly recommend it!
10,Will you live your life as a Ford employee or as a can?
10,I watched the movie about cars without any expectations, but I enjoyed it the whole time. It's thrilling! It's more fun than women think, so make sure to watch it.
8,a true story in a film Not heavy or light.
10,I really lost track of time and watched it. The main character was so cool and the best
10,I really lost track of time and watched it. The main character was so cool and the best
8,I don't know much about cars, but it doesn't affect me, and I feel like I'm watching Bohemian Rhapsody's car version. Not the music, but the speed and the sound of the car engine Haha
10,Christian Bale's acting in a movie that's worth 20,000 won is crazy ㅠㅠ
10,My second life movie Christian Bale and Met Damon seem to have raised the level of this movie to the fullest.In particular, the character who truly drives and loves the car shown by Christian Bale is very impressive.Thank you for letting me enjoy Cinema
10,It's very, very fun Are you going to keep the file when it comes out because you want to see it again? Matt Damon and Christian Vale were so good at acting and the supporting actors were so good that I couldn't think of anything throughout the movie Make sure you watch it
10,It's the best movie of 2019 Guys.
10,The more fun it gets, the more fun it gets
10,A wonderful movie that incorporates the owner's position in making famous tea and popular tea, the position of engineers and racers, and their aspirations into the sound of a giant engine that lasts 24 hours.
10,Be with the big screen sound...
9,Thank you! Maybe because of the difference in the size of racing, I liked Rush the Rival more ㅠ
10,I don't like to compare, I know that Hollywood has big hands, but Korean movies lose their charm, but when they release movies like this, I really like them because they are so firm and stubborn. I expected Ford V Ferrari, but one of the movies that surprised me after seeing more than that
9,It was a movie that I forgot 10 minutes of running time in my morning sleep, but the impressions of the racers and engineers interacting with the racing car that was delivered to me in 10 minutes didn't change
10,I'm a teenage girl.
10,Wow, I would have been in big trouble if I didn't watch the movie. It's really a race, but the directing, acting, video, me story, everything is perfect.
10,There are 10 days left until this year, but the best movie!
10,Ah.. I watched it too late. I want to watch it again in 4D, but the theater is all gone ㅠㅠ
10,As if it's a perfect movie, Christian Bale acted so well that I felt like I wasn't the actor I knew, and the role of Christian Bale's son was crazy, and his eyes burst into tears. Our country is not at the stage of making a good movie, but watching a good movie.There are too few theaters for such a great movie
10,
10,It's been a while since I watched this movie with sweat on my hands. The story was solid and the actors' acting was perfect.
10,7000RPM 러너 하이
10,Make sure to watch it. I didn't expect it and it was so much fun
10,Good acting restaurant, good story restaurant, good acting! It's fun. I strongly recommend it
7,An adrenaline rush! I'm not crazy about Rush the Rival,
9,I watched it holding my breath for a minute and a second. It wasn't a waste of a second. a true story of trust and treasure thrilling music
10,I think it would have been better if Ford continued to play in such high-performance games
10,Why are there so few theaters for such a big movie?It's a man's movie
10,A movie that you must watch in the theater
10,Hello? Am I the only one who heard it?
10,It was the best movie of the year!
10,The engine sound is the best and the video quality is great I was nervous for 2 hours and 39 minutes and enjoyed it
10,It's a shame that only 1 million people watched it at the theater
8,I didn't expect much, but it was better than I thought ^.~
10,Watch it on Screen X.
10,My wife is so pretty
10,This is the movie. Two and a half hours go by in a flash, making you completely forget what's going on outside
10,If you like cars, you have to watch it
10,It's so immersive that the running time isn't that long I highly recommend it!
9,I lost track of time My heart keeps pounding
10,It's the most memorable movie I've seen recently
10,
10,It's just fun.
1,I'll adjust my GPA. It's not 9 points, but 8 points is enough. I was looking forward to it because of the high GPA, but it wasn't that fun and thrilling. To be honest, Ben-Hur, which was made in the 50s, is unprecedented even though it is not a car if there is still an urgent race action. By the way, it's like we're racing cars on the road from the movie theater.
10,Wow... It's my presenceㅠㅠ I didn't know it was Christian Bale, but when I looked it up after the movie, I was shocked that it was Christian Bale... The acting is amazing. The directing is amazing. It's so much fun
10,As soon as it reaches 7,000 RPM, everything fades. Then I face this question.You screwed up, didn't you?
10,What's wrong with the sound of the lines?
10,I lost track of time. I'm creating a solid story. Matt Damon Christian Bale...It's the best!
10,A movie that falls into a dynamic rpm sound
10,I was so immersed that I couldn't feel that the movie was long I think it's the best movie I've ever seen, but if it went up in the rankings... The direction that makes me nervous when I study is amazing!
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie at a movie theater, but I really enjoyed it. The quality of the movie is very different I recommend it!
9,The two actors' performances were as good as expected, and I could get a glimpse of Ford's once-popular days with racing. And company executives... You can leave it to professionals who are good at work, but I think it's the same as before and now. lol
10,I had so much fun that I didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,
10,Korean movies, reflect on themselves. Don't deduct the screen quota. Make a good movie and talk about it. Reflect on yourself. Don't shoot criminal actions
10,
8,If you look forward to it too much, you'll be disappointed.It felt a little bland for a racing action
10,Two and a half hours isn't boring at all
10,Objectively, it's the best movie of the year
9,It's a lot of fun for people who are interested in cars or driving.
10,Bloody Hell
8,It was a movie where you can feel the speed
9,
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that I wanted to watch The sound of the engine crossed my body and all that remained in my ears was the sound of my heart beating like crazy. As if I were possessed by the main character, I enjoyed it until the end with a joyful smile and passionate eyes. I want everyone to experience his passion telling me to flog and run again when I'm complacency.
10,I don't know if it's really fun, but I enjoy it
9,Peppari+Ford, Matt Damon+Christian Vale and the sound of the car's engine excited me and their friendship heated my heart.
9,I'd say this is a men's movie.I couldn't help but beat my heart when I was running on the circuitBesides, I think the circuit scene is the highlight of this movie, not to mention the acting skills of the actors I recommend you to watch it
10,A film that showed the passion of Shelby Cobra. Feat Dinosaur Manufacturer Shoveling
10,Matt Damon, I wonder if I can say no to Christian Bale's choice. Applause to the two actors.
10,The movie of my life since Sound of Music.
10,Ah~~~~~ Even as an engineer, I can see that Christian Vale's acting is a masterpiece! It's light, right? It has a heavy story and a strong scent!
10,Ford was a businessman, but Ferrari was a craftsman
10,It's full of fun and excitement I lost track of time. I'm glad I watched this movie
10,It's not a waste to give more than 10 points
10,It was the best movie in the second half of the year
10,I really enjoyed watching it. If I watched it at home, I would have cried because it was unfair. The actors' acting was great and the directing of the racing game was the best!!! And I'm touched! Shelby said "Hello" in the middle, but I was surprised to find out if I misheard it, and she said that Shelby's fellow designer was actually a Korean "John (Jeon Myung-joon)."I think Shelby said that her close colleague was Korean, so she knew a simple greeting, and that she would have said 'hello' if she saw an Asian reporter. I'm amazed by the details!
10,
10,If you don't watch, you'll regret it. Make sure to watch it.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that makes my heart race
10,
10,It is a movie worth watching.
10,Top
10,This is a movie. Please include this movie except for Korean movie theaters
10,I envied this movie for its pure passion
10,ㅠㅠ Makes my hands sweat.It's my first time seeing a movie that makes my heart beat like this. If you want to go to the bathroom, go when my son draws a map of Le Mans24
10,The movie that I watched without knowing the time was one of the top 3 movies I watched this year
9,In the beginning, I get tired of it, but in the second half, I'm satisfied with the exciting movie
10,It's the best movie of all time. My heart fluttered when I watched a movie after a long time
10,Enjoy it at a movie theater with the soundEven people who don't know cars are moved by the sound of the engine, and not by cars, but by human stories
10,It's not just a car movie, it's more than touching
9,I watched it in 4dx, but I don't think I need to watch it in 4dx, so I thought it would be more immersive to watch it in general, so I thought it was okay. But the beginning was a bit boring.
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie
10,Watch this no matter what. Watch it two or three times if you're a vice minister. It's been a long time since I saw a proper racing movie
10,At first, I thought it wasn't fun.The more I see it, the more breathtaking it is, and at the end of spring, if it feels like someone hit me in the back of the head, it's the best movie ever
10,2019 Movie of the Year!
10,It's been a while since I saw a proper movie.Directing, acting, story, video, and me OST. It's the best without missing a single part!
10,I suddenly want to drive a racing carㅠㅠ The movie is awesome!!! I want to drift while driving!
10,The best movie of 2019 that can't help but be immersed in the acting of two actors
10,I didn't expect much, but the spring sound of my life movie makes my heart race
10,A movie that didn't have a dull moment and didn't take my eyes off. I think this kind of movie should go over 10 million
10,It's a great movie
10,I was so immersed in it I think the visuals and directing are great
1,Was I the only one who didn't like it? The first story was too long and the only thing worth watching was the race. It's a movie that people who like racing cars would like. It's not fun for those who aren't interested. Everyone has a different perspective.
10,After watching the movie, my heart beats at 7000 rpm
4,Did they say that if you have high expectations, you have high disappointment?As if the low audience explained everything
8,It is a society that seeks its own interests rather than a true enterprise
10,Wow... Even after a few days of watching the movie, I think the engine is ringing
10,A red section of the dashboard between sprinting and runaway, a racer who wants to cool and lit, and a hand-to-hand fight between entrepreneurs and artists. The heart can't help but beat.
10,It's so much fun. Christian veil is so cool
8,The two-and-a-half-hour running time wasn't boring, the ticket price was the same whether it was a well-made movie or not, and the movie was only released once a day at CGV, the only movie in our region, but the screen was shown at a smaller deluxe theater. All of this was a wonder. Not to mention the movie.
10,I rarely use my GPA, but I enjoy watching it so much that I keep it. You won't regret watching it at the theater.
10,It's touching. Crazy movie
10,This is a real movie. I lost track of time
10,It lingers a lot...
10,It's the best movie of the yearI don't understand that there aren't many theaters
10,It's just a masterpieceMake sure to watch it. Twice
10,
1,It's just a three-hour Ford commercial. The part-timers are working hard
10,
10,Why is this movie worth a million? I don't understand.The movie I enjoyed the most this year.Action, acting, story, everything.
10,ㅜㅜ It's really fun. Make sure to watch it twice. 2 hours and 30 minutes fly at 7,000 rpm!
10,
10,It is 1,000 times more interesting than Frozen.
10,Make sure to watch this movie at the movie theater.Christian Bale Met Damon's Life
10,As my friends talked about the ending, they asked me why I watch it, but this movie made me wrap up 2019 in a flashy way
9,There's no fighting spirit, but there's adrenaline
10,I saw it because of Matt Damon, and I was impressed by Christian Bale's performance. The movie itself has a balanced storyline, and the racing scene was overwhelming.
10,I dare say that this year's best movie... A movie full of heat and thrill. A movie that shows why Ford and Ferrari are manufacturers of different levels.
10,I couldn't help but write a review because I watched a fun movie after a long time. It's a pity that it's not promoted well compared to the quality of the movie.
10,Christian Veil's wildest acting top
10,Christian Bale ㅠㅠ A woman like me, who is not interested in cars, was also sweating in the sense of reality. America's history and other countries. The immersive movie Gyeongju scene is the best.ㅠㅠ I love you
9,I think it'll be more realistic in 3D and 4D, and it's a movie that makes me feel sorry for middle-aged actors, and makes me hate the U.S. of undignified materialism (money) all the more. the abhorrence of Ford in America.How does a company change the passion of individuals?What is passion in it? I'm sad that the bitterness is pouring in, but the long running time is not boring at all, and I feel like I was holding my hands and cheering!
10,Time flies. I don't know anything about cars, but I can't help but fall in love with it
10,I think it's the best movie of the year. If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it ㅠㅠ Even though I watched it in 2D, it was so immersive.Sweaty hands
10,Among the movies in the theater, it's the most fun in many ways
10,Like a perfect sports car, it's a slimmer movie! Two and a half hours without boredom and without hesitation! bb
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.It's a pity that such a movie is covered by Frozen, but if so many people watch it, it's a relief that it will play a part in the rate of traffic accidents in Korea. I really enjoyed watching it. Praise the great racer and father Ken Miles.
10,The development is a bit...But... I liked it.
10,Except for the boring ones in the beginning, this movie has to be 4dx
10,I don't know why, but tears came out I don't know why
10,The best movie in the top three in 2019.Why are there so few theaters?That's too bad. People have to watch this kind of movie at the theater
10,
5,I felt like I was acting a character, so I was a bit disappointed. I wish the story of Carol Shelby, played by Matt Damon, had been dealt with more deeply. It was a great scene in the racing moment.
10,It's the best. It's a shame that there wasn't much time because domestic movies were exclusive to the screen
8,Personally, it currently falls short of the rating of over 9.3 and the name of the actors.It wasn't bad, but I wonder if it's a movie that deserves high praise
10,
10,a masterful performance by actors Directing skills... And story... With my son at the airport, with the sunset on his back. The famous line that I said... It's so touching.I ask the most important question in the world. Who am I? There is definitely a perfect rap. It sounds textbook and empty, but... I just sympathized and I was moved... People in their 40s who have a hard time working... Write down the lines. It's a movie that I can relate to. Recommend.
10,If you want to go see Mt. Baekdu, just watch this movie. Never regret. The person who watched this movie will thank me. Those who went to see Mt. Baekdu without watching this movie will regret it. The person who went to see Baekdusan Mountain after watching this movie will hit his knees, saying, "The person who said to watch Ford v Ferrari instead of Baekdusan Mountain was a wise man."
10,the best movie that touches a man's heart
10,It's not just a racing movie, it's a movie about two men's pure passion!
10,There are no comments here. I saw the movie after reading the comments. I enjoyed it
10,Matt Damon, are you serious about acting?
10,Like watching a sports racing gladiator.
10,It's just a crazy movie that explodes. A crazy movie that's so cool
10,My favorite movie!
10,Christian Vale's acting is crazy ㅜㅜ 2 and a half hours ㅜㅜ
10,I went to see the rating, but there is a reason for the rating. 7000 RPM that knocks on the heart!
10,It was the best. Finally, a proper movie!
9,It's not heavy or light...
10,I didn't log in to "Show Shank Escape" and leave a comment. That's how good it was. How can I express my feelings in words? As a person who was born in 1987, I will conclude that it was more than the feeling that I first encountered an animation by cyber-targeting.
10,When you're driving after watching a movie, do you all have full axels?
10,
9,When you change the good gear and hear the engine sound, your dream is satisfied
10,It's my first time getting a rating. I want to contribute a good rating to this movie because it is that interesting.
10,Acting, directing, speed, etc. I strongly recommend you to be a fun guy
9,Moon Jae In Look at the beautiful Mt. Baekdu Volva and Ford v Ferrari. It takes more than Mt. Baekdu.LOL
10,It's been a long time since I was so immersed in 150 minutes of running time that I was scared that the movie was about to end
8,It's worth watching except for the long running time
9,It's really fun, it's nervous, and it's really good. At first, since it's an American movie, is it a Ford movie? I thought, but at the end I realized the opposite.
10,The sound of the engine and the sound of the brakes make my heart flutter. The production, the acting, the story is all fantastic. I wasn't bored at all. It's a movie that anyone who likes cars will keep in their hearts until they die.
10,Why is there no such movie in Korea?
8,To be honest, if you're not interested in cars, you might be bored in the early and mid-20s The second half was interesting
10,In the last rap, I found myself crying with Christian Bale.
10,It was the most memorable movie of the year
10,When Mt. Baekdu was opening, I heard that Ford v Ferrari was fun.It reminds me of Cyber Formula. The sound and video are amazing.It was 2 hours and 40 minutes, but it went by so quickly
4,Was it because he wasn't interested? I don't know if it's because the reviews were so good or not.The acting was really good...
9,A movie like a car engine. It's cool, exciting, and quiet
10,Running time passes by like crazy. It feels like I'm actually in the stadium
10,It's my life movie. Really...
9,It's a racing story and a driver story, but it can be said that it's a confrontation between Ford, the master of the car industry's thin-selling operation, and Ferrari, which is centered on automobile mechanisms and design from a business perspective.  There was a lot of talk at one time when Ford asked for legal relief from the 2008 financial crisis, saying, "The leading auto tycoon is coming to ask for corporate rehabilitation by helicopter." The film highlights this point of view and is quite interesting to watch, and it is highly recommended that Miles come to cheer up his wife who can't play in France or will be in the garage alone.
10,I really want to see it because of Mt. Baekdu, but I can't see it because there is no movie theater ㅜㅜ
9,A movie that I watched without knowing it was going for a long time.
10,
10,
10,How can a movie like this be only a million?
10,Among the movies I watched recently, the speed of racing is great and fun
10,The racing scene is so immersive
9,It is the best commercial movie I have seen in the last three years.  Thank you for the masterpiece and director of commercial films.
10,Le Mans 24 The Best Racing
10,The best movie...Too bad it's a true story
10,
7,There was a boring part in the middle, but it was fun enough to overcome it. It's a true story, so I was sorry for the inevitable ending story, but it's a movie worth watching at least once.
8,Do I have high expectations? Personally, so-so
10,Bibi? Didi? She looks so mean ㅠㅠ
9,I cried over the perfect performance of the two men, with a close story composition based on the visual beauty, sophisticated production, and true story
9,A solid story with the speed of the image! Recommend.
10,I'm having so much fun. Make sure you watch it
10,I followed my wife's hand and I enjoyed the movie more
10,I thought it was a car racer movie enjoying speed, but it was a human movie that loved life.It was not a waste of time to think after watching the movie.
9,The BGM is the engine sound, Buddy Movie
10,Annie's cyber formula movie is Ford V Ferrari
9,A movie that I went to see without any expectations and was deeply moved. A movie that didn't leave a lot of thoughts and lingering feelings, such as men's hearts, wonderful wife's actions, father's heart, and businessman's heart. A woman in her 40s would have touched her heart at various points, so men would have done more. It is a movie that makes you have the opportunity to raise the RPM on your way home.
10,A car movie with a different feeling from the gallop!!!!
10,It's really fun. Story acting video Everything is good well-made. It's strange that the number of theaters is small.
10,I think it's a movie that women can enjoy without resistance.I understand the reason why you are doing foreign movies.I was worried that it would be boring for 2 hours and 30 minutes, but I was worried. It's passing at 7000 RPM! Go to the box office!
8,That there is a big difference between what to do and what to die for. Like some 7,000 rpm moments in the play, the heart in our hearts can race like a Ford GT40 engine.
10,Let's not start the movie. I wanted to go to the bathroom, so I waited for the contents to get loose.I didn't make it to the end...
10,I didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes long. Good!
10,The actor's acting was good, the directing was good, and the racing scene was thrilling and attractive enough to make me want to try racing~~ Matt Damon's acting is always right ^^ I didn't expect it, but I really enjoyed it~~
10,It's my first time writing a review. Look twice.
9,It's not a waste of money. I hope you're a motor sports fan.
10,I lost track of time. I saw two guys and it was worth watching
10,It's been a while since I watched it with sweat on my hands
10,I watched it because GFRIEND made a reservation, and it was good to see the racing movie and the human life togetherIf you're interested in cars, I think you'll enjoy it
10,Reflect on yourself in our country.Paektu Mountain, start-up is a movie? I really need to wake up and not look at it at all right?Let's not make a ridiculous movie, if not a Ford Ferrari, huh? Look at Ford Ferrari Look twice
10,My favorite movie
8,I was surprised but it was fun
10,It's really fun. I was a little disappointed with the reality movie because I got burned by Current War this year, but Ford v Ferrari was really fun. Everyone acted so well. an Nth run
9,Speed and heart destructive power 7,000 rpm
10,I'm writing a review for the first time.It's definitely the movie of my life, so I write it.I was so impressed that I could watch this kind of movie myself when I was alive.
10,It's the most interesting movie in recent years
10,I can't believe that such a masterpiece is coming down as a screen monopoly ㅜㅜ I was going to watch it again on Christmas, but I'm sad that it didn't show
10,Even if you're not interested in racing, you can get into it Eun Ji #3
9,It's fun. Watch Ford Ferrari, not start
10,It's fun. No words needed
10,If you really enjoyed watching it, the two actors completely melted into the role characters
8,The thrilling racing scene was good, but it was a movie that reminded me of the saying, "Bear is more than a bear, and money is more than a man." It was a movie that made me think about capitalism and the wickedness of large corporations.
10,It was touching and I really enjoyed it.I hope that the number of theaters will increase and many people will enjoy it.
10,The life and death that I felt as I broke through 7000 rpm, somewhere in between, I thought I had everyone in the theater there for a moment, and Christian Bale and Met Damon's acting was overwhelming. Increase the number of screens, GB distributors!
10,The two actors are so good at actingIt's been a while since I watched a fun movie
10,7000 rpm, I want to watch it again.The heart rate of friendship that's heavier than the engine.If you can work crazy about something, a life with someone who recognizes it and protects it...
10,
10,No matter what difficulties I face, no matter what death comes, my passion cannot be exchanged for anything!A work that burns up the routines of the recent "me" or "us" that are driven by the results and immerse themselves in blind thoughts!
10,It's crazy. It's "Great Eve"
10,It was assimilated with Christian Bale.What an attractive actor.
10,Even the OST is perfect! The globe!Bonbon Bonbon, globe, mouse hole, mouse hole! Woof, woof, mouse hole!
10,
9,If you know the situation of the European and American automobile industry in that era, you can see it more interestingly.
10,It's really the best. I enjoyed watching GFRIEND that I went with. It was thrilling and fun
10,Wow. A male movie. My heart is pounding.
10,After watching it late at night, I ran through the open dawn street.If you drive home to the movies, be careful not to get into an accident
10,Best Movie of the Year
10,A movie to watch in the theater.
1,All the people who wrote their GPA are part-timers
10,I felt their pain watching the race based on a true story. The pleasure brought by the violation of speed and the bitterness of money and the value of life in their race after their instinct for galloping came.
10,The clash between Podism and the craftsmanship Ferrari. Can Miles is a 'stubborn' racer who represents the craftsmanship. But at 7000 rpm, when he gets to that moment, he doesn't dwell on the rankings and shows Ford's 'flexibility'. The bad things about the two values may be good, but what is clear is that Can Miles's run was a beautiful "perfect lap" that Ferrari, Ford, and all of us remember. The movie highlights humanism and the heart-throbbing friendship of two men. Ford v Ferrari was a satisfying movie after a long time.
10,As soon as the game is over, he's surrounded by reporters, and he's greeting Chairman Ford and Ken Miles...
1,This movie has a high rating. I gave 10 points to people who like cars as soon as it was released. The history journal I watched on YouTube yesterday. It was rated as the best movie of the year. Like you only watched this movie, if the main character gets dumped and my son doesn't talk about Rang Jung Won, it's score is high
10,It was a movie that made me think about my life because it was very immersive.The hero's passion until the end... I like it because it's a movie that makes you think in general. I make my hands sweat until the end of the movie, and after watching the movie, I get so immersed that my body hurts. It's a movie that actually happened. I think I was more into it I really want to recommend this movie.
10,Make a movie like this...  Don't always sit on my seat
10,It is ridiculous that this kind of movie is the same price as the Korean movie that is currently being released.The other thing that doesn't make sense is that it's not showing much...I ate everything from the start and Mt. Baekdu.
9,the god of actingThe running time was a bit long, but it wasn't boring.It's kind of an obvious story.
10,I give generous praise to everyone who runs toward dreams, passion, and limitations.
10,The best movie I've seen recently
10,I really lost track of time and I was so immersed in itIf you like tea, please watch it!
9,It was the best movie to watch recently
10,
9,Makes me want to change the car manually.Please zoom in on RPM
8,a thrilling movie, bromance
10,I can smell the burning tires and the smell of oil!
10,
10,She's a girl, but I almost went there and got serious. Directing, acting, story, video, and non-OST. Perfect
7,The level of character is high. It seems that Korean movies should learn. In the true story, the idea of "Who am I" was good. The movie gives the answer. Through a rough exhaust sound.
9,I watched the movie for a long time, but I lost track of time. It was fun
9,Dynamic speed through the static screen
10,The story is solid and the sound is really great. It's such a shame why there aren't many masterpieces shownㅜㅜ
10,I just saw it in 4DX. I got a lot of waterI strongly recommend it
10,It's a shame that movies like this don't exceed 1 million in Korea
9,There's a saying that it's because of the gender role that men play with cars and women play with Barbie dolls in their childhood. The sound of the engine just makes me feel overwhelmed. Guys know
10,It's a really great movie.
10,I wasn't going to watch the movie because the title and the preview were not good, but I went to the movie theater because I wanted to watch it alone. I strongly recommend it. Take a look. I don't regret it. I usually go to the theater when I'm bored. I was so immersed in this movie for 2 hours and a half.It was nice to watch a fun movie alone after a long time.
10,The movie that I want to watch as soon as it comes out
10,It was a movie that made me want to live like that all the time.
9,Of course not. The main characters are so charming that Ferrari and crew suddenly look like villains
10,Be sure to bring your handkerchief. Even if you don't have hyperhidrosis,
10,
10,It was more realistic because it was full of thrills and the background of a true story
10,It's the best. I lost track of time. I thought it was an hour-long movie
10,It was a great movie that gave me the urge to run at 7,000 rpm
7,
9,Speed and moving angle... They're all great. It's a movie with a lesson. Make sure to watch it!
10,If you have seen this movie twice, hello. This is the best movie of the year
10,It's fun. It's fun
10,My hair stood on end just reading the plot.
9,The driving scene is very tense.The last drama worth watching.
10,I'm A.C.P.Y. I'm happy. I know I am, I'm happy~~~
10,I thought it was a movie with only a car racing scene, but the story is touching
10,The speed of this movie has an unparalleled passion for recent movies. The dreams of the main characters make them run and sweat in our hands. It's not just a racing movie, it's their pure desire to rush through death.
10,It's fun. Don't watch "Frozen" but watch this.
10,The best movie of 2019. I lost track of time.
9,It's fun. But the ending is annoying, so I'm going to lose 1 point
10,Two and a half hours is not a waste.It was really fun.
10,There is no need for words. It goes by at 7000 rpm in a second. There's no time to be bored
8,I've never seen such a immersive movie since Mad Max.
10,It's a movie worth watching...
10,The engine is loud. I like it
10,She is a woman in her 20s who is not interested in cars, and the story of the beginning of spring is boring, but if you endure it, you can feel the thrill, immersion, and fun
10,Actually, I don't want more Ford Ferrari theaters It's an honor for me to keep this best masterpiece even though it's not even a million yet. How dare a Korean movie catch up with such a movie? Only those who have seen it will know that it is one of the top 3 best movies of 2019
8,I enjoyed it. It was fun
10,I didn't expect much but it was really fun. It was so much fun and touching. It was a movie that lingered for a long time
10,
10,It's perfect.That's...
8,I don't know if I was expecting too much from the critics, but the racing scene was normal. Rather, some unique devices, such as the scene of Ford's car and the small scene with his wife, made the movie interesting.
10,This is Shelby Vford, not Ford V Ferrari. Is it the vice president or something? I'm really angry.
10,a movie with a heart beat
10,I think I heard Korean...
10,Recommended for people who like tea
10,
10,I applaud the production and editing of the obvious story for 2 hours and 30 minutes. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's a racing movie that came out well after a long time. 최고 You're the best
10,Definitely one of the best movies of the year
10,2 hours and 30 minutes passed with the sports carNot only is it touching, but it's also a lesson. It's a great movie that makes me think of many things.
8,He was immersed in the role of 7000 RPM
10,The impressive cast's performance and amazing screenplay deserve to be trailed
10,Ah, just look at it if it's a man. It's a presence.
10,Recently, there was a movie that was worth watching in the theater, so I watched it, and I never thought it would be my life.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,Personally, I had the most fun this year
8,There's jam. It's making my hands sweat
10,Realistic historical evidence, the video was really worth watching.
10,See you at 7000 RPM
10,Two and a half hours at 320 km/h.
10,By far, the best movie of 2019 went up in 152 minutes
9,I cried while watching it6.02 X 10^23 times more fun than "Gyeowang 2"
10,I didn't know the time was going by in my head, but it's a movie that tells me that my bladder is going by. I managed to hold it in and ran to the bathroom as soon as it was over.It was so much fun
10,Stories and acting are impeccable.The mere sound resonates with me.
9,Praising and cursing American pongs
10,It is really the best movie.
9,It still rings in my heart afterwards. You are so good at making it. You're good at acting, too.
10,I lost track of timeMake sure to watch it. I strongly recommend it
9,I haven't seen it yet, but I think it would be good if Pyeongsik gave me 7 points
10,I really enjoyed the movie
10,Make sure you watch it
10,I didn't expect much but I really enjoyed itI haven't seen a good movie in a while, as if the engine is still ringing in my ears
10,Ford is a garbage company. So Ford couldn't be a luxury car until the end. Just by looking at the chairman's helicopter ride to eat at the last pit, you can see that he's full of ritual. At the end, Ken Miles seems to have fallen victim to Ford. One of the best movies of my life was born.
10,It is a movie about Ford's counterattack against Ferrari in racing, and its solid composition stands out based on a true story. It's a good movie that you can feel humanism in the feast of speed and the 150 minute running time is short.
10,Frozen 2 is a funny and touching movie for 'Adult'.Ford v Ferrari is a poignant and moving film for 'Adult'.I really enjoyed it. If I had missed it, I would have regretted it.
10,It's a very interesting movie
10,
10,It was great. It's so immersive that 2 hours and 30 minutes of running time doesn't feel too long. It's like riding a roller coaster in a racing car. Christian Bale is love.
10,It's the best racing movie.
8,The production of racing is crazy.
10,I can't forget the excitement of the last race.
8,It was a little boring, but I watched it in a little fun
10,"You have to feel the pitiful one who's suffering.You need to know where the limit is."It's the best line that applies not only to races but also to life. I strongly recommend it^^
10,The most interesting and lesson-giving movie these days
10,How can the movie be translated without any holes? Trust Seokhee and watch it  Both men and women can't help but fall in love
10,The movie is really good. In this movie, cars are just a subject. A movie that people who like cars will really like. A movie that even people who are not interested in cars will like
9,Heavy and serious racing movies, not light action racing
10,I watched a movie that was perfect to watch in 4D with a lot of tension
9,I thought it was an action movie for killing time without knowing the title and the contents of the cast. It was the best movie
10,I love you as much as 7000!
9,I will watch this movie twice when I watch Frozen. If it's a guy, no matter what!
5,If you add cliché to a movie that's about boldness, you can drive safely
10,My hands keep sweating even though I get nervous from the start of the movie. My hands keep slipping and my heart keeps beating. Juyeon's acting and action were all great! Please watch...
2,If you like two hours and 50 minutes, you'll like it, but if you don't, you'll get tired of it It's like Ford Ferrari.
10,Hyundai and Kia are not as good as Ford.
8,It's been a while since I was immersed in the movie and enjoyed it, but afterwards, I didn't have any lingering feelings
10,It's the most interesting movie I've seen recently. I was looking forward to the thrill of racing, but for some reason, I'm tearing up.
9,I'm jealous that I can make a movie like this.If it was made in Korea, it would have been sued even before it was released.
10,It was a thrilling movie
10,It's so much fun that I leave a rating for the first time in a whileThe movie I want to watch again...
10,An unforgettable 7000 rpm
8,It's not to say that it's the best or the best, but I enjoyed it Haha
10,The most satisfying movie I've ever seen in a movie theater in 2019! I almost missed it because of the worst movie I've ever seen in a movie theater in 2019.I want to see it again in 4DX, but I'm not sure if it's possibleㅠ
10,
10,I felt bitter because it was a true story. I am so sad about this movie. And one of Shelby's team members has the phrase KOREA on his jacket bag jersey. Perhaps war-related stories often appear, and I think it's to remind you of the Korean War. Hello!
10,My heart was pounding all the time. The first movie to leave a review.
10,Christian Vale. Met Damon's great chemistry. And it's a true story. In the beginning, it was calm like a drama, but it turned out to be fun. Hello! Watch where you come from! ~
8,Unexpectedly, I feel uncomfortable when I watch it - The principle of American companies working - Korea also stuck with that principle lol Anyway, it was a movie that I fell in love with even I am not interested in cars. Nice acting - pretty good movie
10,I really enjoyed it. I lost track of time.I'm jealous of a life that can be crazy about one thing
10,It was a good movie. Too bad the movie is not well known
10,The directing was a bit disappointing, but I enjoyed it
10,Honestly, when I saw the introduction, I thought, "This can't be fun..." But this was really fun! I strongly recommend it!
10,May we reach around 7000 rpm.
9,152 minutes of running time... It's fun. I lost track of time.
10,Even though there are only racing scenes throughout the movie, I think it is the acting skills and story of Hollywood actors who made good use of the true story that can be praised after watching without being cliche. I ordered Coke L and wanted to go to the bathroom, but I held it in and watched it.
10,My car has never exceeded 3000 rpm
10,My heart is beating. It isn't boring.
10,It's fun to get two birds with one stone
10,There is no need for words. How can a car be so pretty!
9,I'm excited, nervous, and excited
10,James Mangold is a real master. A car version of how the real man lives in a world dominated by bullies
10,Met Damon Christian Bale's acting chemistry is unprecedented.Christian Bale's awkward British accent is also worth seeing Bale severely lost weight to act as a driver!It shows a crazy person in a field
10,The actors' story shooting was amazing. Academy, go go!
10,If I hadn't seen you in the theater... I almost regretted it.ㅠㅠ You were the best.
10,I lost track of time and watched the movie
10,I enjoyed watching it
10,The story is strong and the acting is good compared to the long time
10,
10,
10,It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the best movie of the year, and I think it's a movie that captured all three rabbits with a solid story and the best thrill and emotion I felt sorry for myself for hesitating to watch the trailer and thank my girlfriend for recommending me a movie and watching it with me It's the best.
10,These days, movies that suit the taste of the government and movies produced by people involved in movies are not suitable for the strange reality, and the best movie that does not fit the national standard
10,Really... More movie theaters.Can't we get more than 10 million hearts?
10,Why did you come down from the theater in 15 days? The movie... The distribution of movies. It's like playing politics
9,It's not just a race movie. A masterpiece that anyone can enjoy. It's a movie that can be loved much more, but it's a shame that it's released.
10,You'll know if you go and see.
10,It was a legendary racing movie
10,Even if I watched this movie in January 2019, I think I would still count it as my best movie of 2019. the best movie of the year
10,Among the movies I watched recently, I enjoyed it the most! I don't know anything about cars and racing, but I lost track of time, and I keep looking for reviews after watching it! I'm promoting it to people around meLOL It's such a shame that this kind of movie should be over 10 million ㅠㅠ Your acting was so good!!^^ Well, after I saw him, I asked my husband to boycott Fordlol
10,Henry Ford II is an entrepreneur, Enzo Ferrari seems to be divided into these two passionate people.It's the movie of my life movie. The story, production, and acting were all fun from start to finish, and time went so fast that it didn't feel like 2 hours and 30 minutes. I hope Ferrari v Lamborghini comes out next time. Lamborghini was originally a company that made tractors, but after being ignored by Encho Ferrari, it was called Kuntachi? I don't know if it's right, but anyway, it's the best car movie stop.
10,Why don't you see this?I thought it was a racing movie. I almost missed it
10,If you've experienced social life, you'll be able to relate to the movie.A movie that is full of fun, touching, and great acting skills
9,The friendship between the businessman Ford and the great Ferrari, Shelby and Ken.
10,Wow... I lost track of time. For those who haven't seen it yet, go! Baekdusan Mountain is monopolizing the screen.
8,Ken Miles' oily face shows a firmness.
10,It's the best directing video It's a movie that feels like it's really running and there's no room for boredom If you're interested in cars, it's going to be a movie that's lost track of time
10,I watched it with my wife, but my wife who doesn't know much about cars is more interesting. Of course, I am also a fun guy
10,Wow, this must be seen on the big theater screen. Curiosity, tension, excitement of things I can't do, and even affectionate at the end ㅠㅠㅠ See you on the big screen ^^
10,143qwtwer1234123512335
10,the passing of time flies. The racing game makes my hands sweat and the actors' performances are just crazy.
10,This is amazing. This is what movies are like
10,Your passionate acting for your favorite job was amazing!
10,What movie do you want to watch?
10,As a car patient, as a movie buff, I was able to rethink my passion for movies that met all my expectations, Mustang's presentation, Shelby's congratulatory speech, and watching the movie, I thought the main character was dead, but when Ken Miles died, I was so sad. He's so into it
10,It's really fun. It's this year's movie
10,I enjoyed watching it at the movie theater to the point where I was thankful
10,It's normal, but I want to race
10,I enjoyed watching it for 2 hours and a half
8,My ears are still ringing because of the explosive background music and engine noise
10,Before choosing a movie... My husband wanted to see this movie and I wanted to see Frozen.I just followed my husband. I caught my eyes, my heart, and I was absorbed. Two and a half hours passed while laughing and crying after the two actors. After watching the movie... I just want to see it one more time...!
10,
10,It's my first time writing a movie review.  Christian Bale's acting is the best
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it I don't regret it
8,American Gukppong movie. His acting skills and story progress were good, but he is not an American, so he gives 8 out of 10.
6,Like watching a documentary... I was really looking forward to it... My hands were sweaty, but it was boring. The story wasn't that big of the story.I only trusted the ratings... crying
10,The actors seemed to have good acting skills.
10,Why does it feel like the story is ending already?And when I looked at the clock, it was 2 hours and 30 minutes
9,I really lost track of time
10,That was awesome!
10,Even without everything.I don't think I've ever seen a movie that made a driving scene so cool. With just that, I'll start with 8 points.
10,I didn't even know it was 2 hours and 30 minutesIt's really fun... Wow... I miss you again
9,The two men's play-and-play is as tense as the cars vying for first and second place
10,The movie of my life that was fun from beginning to end!
8,I lost track of time and enjoyed it
10,
10,Sexy maximum. The whole movie is perfect, not to mention the racing scene. The battle between Batman and Jason Bourne is the highlight of the movie.
10,
10,It was the best movie of the year. The acting of the best actors and the sound of the engine of a nice car stimulate the man's racing instinct.
10,Perfect. All the real characters are alive.
10,The movie that only the vice president or vice president picked as the best actors is a bad movie
10,This is the best car movie of my life. I still can't believe this touching story is a true story. I think the OST that comes out at the end is really touching
10,
10,The vice president's flattery has changed history. The talent above is important
10,It's a shame that many people couldn't pay attention because of the Frozen.
10,I thought you were talking about Ford at the beginning of the movie. I was disappointed because it was a racing movie. But I didn't even know how 2 hours and 42 minutes went. I think movies should be like this.
10,It was the first movie that made my heart pound
10,Scenario and racing scenes were good, but unexpectedly, it's a work with excellent visuals
10,All the time I'm running, my heart beats with the engine, and most of all, the overheated brake that giggles, my heart-wrenching
10,You are not Henry Ford. Henry Ford the Second.
10,I think I can still hear the engine. a heart-warming movie
10,It's really fun. The car is really cool. I highly recommend it if you like it
10,It's the best. I want to see the touching and thrilling acting story again
10,I really enjoyed it~~
9,I don't need to talk about a movie where the racing scene is just awesome The ending was not bad, but I personally think it would have been better if it was cooler than the ending, but it was a bit bitter. I strongly recommend it to those who like the rare racing movie tea with actors' acting, racing scenes, sounds and background music. If you're not interested in cars, I recommend it
1,I slept while watching it
8,He maintained the tension well and continued well until the end, and his acting was all good, but the ending was disappointing.
10,Masterpiece. Christian Bale's acting skills are amazing. Time flies.
10,The acting... I had nothing to do with racing, but I felt like I was about to cry at the end. It's because I'm covered by Frozen, but I have to watch this movie in 4D
10,That was cool! A movie that only makes political movies that you can't even imitate or think of in the Korean film industry
10,A pride battle between the best actors and the best carmakers! A man's heart-throbbing exhaust! It's the best movie ever.
8,It's better because it's a true story.
10,The difference between Ford and Ferrari is that no matter how many geniuses come out, the leader and his surroundings don't change or change, in the end
2,I was so bored that I came out in the middle of my sleep
10,When I was racing, I watched a movie that made me feel like I was in a car together.
10,Christian Vale's acting stands out! The racing scene is the best, too!
10,I lost track of time. It's an overwhelming, hot, moving movie
10,I liked the tense development. It was a lot of fun.
9,It's so realistic and touching
10,Junna is just running It's fun
10,This is really wow??? I was so happy as a car lover. ㅜ
10,an attractive movie about racing cars
10,I lost track of time while watching the movie.The best movie I've seen this year!!!
10,I just admire Christian Bale's acting.
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year. Thrill, action, moving time flies. It's been a while since I watched a good movie I strongly recommend it!
10,It was a lot of fun. A must-see movie at the cinema. The cliche story was not boring at all and the acting is very, very good
8,It was good to see the acting of the two favorite actors, but the obvious composition of good and evil and the probability is a bit lacking But it's definitely a fun, well-made movie!
9,A film made up of pure physicality without false pretenses.
10,It's the best movie of my life movie. I watched it twice because it was fun. At first, I felt the crazy car action and the speed of 7,000 rpm through the video, and at the second, I saw Carol Shelby and Ken Miles, the main characters who made the impossible possible, repeatedly challenged and eventually achieved their goals.  It's a great production that's excellent enough to create the illusion that I'm at Le Mans Stadium and the visual beauty that seems to be sucked into the screen. Matt Damon and Christian Bale were Carol Shelby and Ken Miles, the characters themselves. No time to be bored during the long running time, and even the flow of the story is perfect. After watching the movie, can I risk my life to overcome the limit like them? It was time to ask myself that question. The message delivered as much as the impression of the movie is also a strong movie. Let's meet the real geniuses behind the "Ford v Ferrari" Le Mans 66 race in this movie.
10,
10,I should be nice to my boyfriend who showed me his life movie! I came out determinedly
9,I was worried that I was the only one who liked it, but my girlfriend likes it more because it's her favorite movie! L
8,A high-quality story and catharsis like a sports movie
10,I think it properly showed the thrill of sports cars.
10,It's a man's movie.If you don't see it, you'll have to deal with the base
10,The movie that I want to drive in a car is cool
10,It was a time thief It was so good. I think I watched a good movie after a long time It felt dirty to walk all the way down with a flattering top
8,Don't look forward to it. It's worth watching
10,I was so nervous that I didn't know how the running time went by
10,Vroom vroom. It's the best It's really...
10,I was bored at first It's so much fun
9,The best entertainment movie I've heard in recent years.Even though I'm not very interested in cars, my heart beats up at the sound of the cars in the movie, and in the urgent pursuit scene, my hands automatically become tense.I remember watching cyber formula cartoons when I was a kid.
10,Engine sound that stimulates a man's heart and 7000 rpm range
10,I'm a man in his early 30s and I keep getting goosebumps watching it. It was the best movie I've seen recently. 7000rpm!!!
9,How many minutes is the show?  Wow, I didn't check the time, but it's been a long time since I sat at a movie theater
10,It's been a long time since the movie had a certain storyline, and the actors' performances that support the story were all well matched. It would have been more successful if the movie was released well. What a shame
10,I just followed my husband to see it and came out with a touching moment.I highly recommend it
10,Complimenting the tension that makes the eyes and heart flutter, the movie is so fun to watch that the heart is choked up and the non-sorrow is heated up
10,
10,A movie that showed a woman who has no driving experience that this is really a movie. The acting, the story, and the speed of the development are all impressive.
10,A boring but not boring story in the beginning.The performance and story of the increasingly immersive actors, and Ken Miles, who shouted "I'm happy" at the end, were impressive. I found out after the movie was a two-and-a-half-hour movie.
8,Christian Bale's acting is always great!!
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,The main BGM came along with the phrase, "Running like crazy at over 7,000 RPM!" and wow, it made the heart of a real racing lover beat.
10,a never-so-boring performance of a screenplay It's worth showing. I hope it lasts longercrying
10,I want to try that gum...
10,Best movie of the year! There's really no time to be bored...Even if I watch it all night long, I don't feel sleepy
10,Best racing movie ever. Acting is also a harpoon. Christian Bale looked like Batman in the middle
10,Christian Bale, how many faces do you have? He's a true actor. I'm happy to play a completely different character every time and live in a perfectly sincere contemporary. Let's challenge Korean actors instead of sticking to the same character suit.
8,The speed, the engine, the thrill, and the fun. Ferrari was sexy then, too
10,I just went to watch the killing time. Life movie list up... Wow, there's nothing missing from the acting video A true story...
10,
10,
10,Shouldn't a movie like this go back on word of mouth? If it was the most interesting movie that I watched recently, I think the marketing didn't go well.
10,It was so much fun for me, a woman who is not interested in cars, and it was the most impressive true story that I watched in 2019.I'm so glad I saw you!
10,It was better because it was based on a true story, and Matt Damon and Christian Bale's acting was great! Hello. I heard it, too^^
10,Gradually, after running time, you put your hands together
8,I'm curious what Ferrari and his fans would think when they see this movie
10,I am happy. I am happy. I cried because I remembered that scene two days after watching the movie.
10,Do you have a car? If you have one, you can take off your seat belt and look at it as one
10,A movie based on a true story is like giving a spoiler about the ending in advance. Nevertheless, it is a movie that makes people who love cars happy with just great video and sound. 7000RPM~~
10,It's so much fun. I watched it with my younger sibling and I was totally immersed
10,It's such a cool and touching story♡ I was so sad about Can's death. Oh, I lost track of time because it was a fast movie
10,The fast video and story are touching.
10,It's a perfect score. This movie is really a perfect score.
10,The god of acting is so cool. You're so cool, Ken Miles
10,The actors' acting is amazingIf you like cars, shut up!
10,I watched Frozen 2 with my own money... I recommend you to watch Frozen 2, which is made to suit your taste. The best movie...
10,It's really the bestㅜㅜ 꼭 Make sure to watch it
9,It's the best car and racer movie
10,
10,There's no need for wordsGo and see. It's not a waste of money
10,A movie that you can watch several times is a video, and there's a story and emotion
10,A perfect movie without missing anything. The veil scene acting is crazy
9,Rediscovery of actors...! I knew Christian Bale was a really good actor this time Unhyped acting, understated story...!!Everything was good!
10,I was so nervous that I just had to go to the bathroom.  It's fun
10,Before watching Ford v Ferrari, the best movie I've seen this year was Parasite. I changed my mind. I think the best movie of the year is 'Ford v Ferrari'. I've seen enough of Frozen, so put it down. This must be seen in the theater. Even if you watch it 100 times on the computer monitor, you won't be able to feel any emotion.
10,I don't know how to explain it.  I don't know if it's just an ignorant expression, but I just want to describe it as a movie that touches the hearts of men.
10,I watched it late at night and raised the highway right away.Take at least three underwearI'm thrilled all over.
10,It is a great work in which life is melted as it is.
10,Wow, this is the best movie I've seen recently.
10,
10,I don't know if I really enjoyed watching the top 3 movies of my life because I was interested in this kind of things, but will I be able to watch racing movies that will give me such a thrill in the future?
10,It is a great movie that makes me speechless in many ways. Personally, it is one of the top three movies including Interstellar
10,7000+ RPM is touching
10,When I was racing, I felt nervous enough to sweat in this winter.
10,Everything is a perfect success story
10,It's so cool, it's humorous, it's touching, it's got deep thoughts, and there are a lot of scenes that I want to see again. Christian Vale is the best
10,The directing is the best and touching!
10,
10,
8,Throughout the movie, Ken Miles was most envious of his companion.
10,Wow, it's the best since Titanic
10,It's the best movie in recent years
10,It's really fun, but I hope that those who say it's not fun and treat them like part-time jobs disappeared
10,Matt Damon doesn't need to talk about acting, Christian Bale acting is crazy.
10,BB, Sae, Sae, Chairman, S
10,When I got home, my morning became a sports car
10,Wow, this movie should be watched by 10 million people. One of the best movies I've ever seen in my life.
10,This movie is about limitations. the limits of life and death the limits of faith All sequences were captured in close-up close-up to the character in order to cinematographically express the theater company's limits. To express the extremes of racing, the camera was placed in the angle closest to the road. The movie is a masterpiece that makes a person's life, true story, and life drama based on solid collaboration like racing, which is similar to life from beginning to end.Canmiles explains to his son. To lead a car well in racing, you need to know the target's limit.  Leaders also need to know their respective limits to lead their colleagues well and perform the best. It's such a deep echo. Do I myself know the limitations of others to myself and lead them appropriately?
10,2019 is a success, starting with the Green Book and ending with Ford v Ferrari
10,
10,
1,Is it a documentary? It's terribly boring.
10,At first, I thought it wouldn't be fun because I didn't know much about cars, but it's so much fun! This kind of movie needs to get more theaters! I hope many people watch it~~~~!
10,I watched a heart-throbbing movie for the first time in a while
10,Crazy Race Crazy Movie Crazy Hollywood
10,It's like 7000 RPM
10,Please let everyone watch it.
10,the best movie
2,It's not fun at all right? I'm suspicious of Ford's GPA. It's really boring, but the running time was long, so I almost had a boil on my butt Only those who want to feel the vulgar and cheap capitalism of the American people
10,I loved both sound videos
10,It was more than I expected It's so much fun ㅠㅠ
10,It was so much fun and touching
10,
10,The best movie of 2019 by my standards
10,I don't write a review after watching a movie, but I can't help but write this. I'm telling you for those who like me who choose after watching a movie.Put everything aside and make a reservation right now. This movie will be your life movie.
10,A movie that shows that life doesn't always go your way, but at some point, you can overcome the impossible with your own efforts and passion. For humans, the end of 'limit' is realistically expressed. Maybe there's nothing impossible about humans.However, the movie ends with the realistic end that some 'limit' exists for everyone living in the world.
10,You can just watch it without knowing the time is passing. It's super fun. It's so touching and fun
10,The first movie I thought I'd watch twice in the theater. I don't like cars, but my heart pounded throughout the movie.
10,I'm sure it's one of the top movies I've seen this year
10,Ken Miles, who made a compromise at the end of his own journey.Shelby, who chose his own path on the path of compromise.Marvel Cinema's Iron Man and Captain brushed past
10,I watched it while being nervous that the car might catch fire on the way to 7000 RPM. ㅠㅠ
10,
10,At 7000 RPM.
10,Have you ever run madly toward your dream?
10,This is the movie!!!
10,I'm not good at expressing, so I can't say much, but I enjoyed it
10,If you're a man, you have to watch it.
10,I stepped on the full accelerator yesterday and today, but the car is having a hard timeLOL
10,It's a well-made movie It was really fun.
6,To be honest, the second half was really fun, but the beginning was so boring ㅠㅠㅠIntroduction 1 hour ㅠㅠ Still, people who like cars will like it, but I don't know cars and I'm not interested, so I'm so bored in the beginning that I fall asleep... After the middle, the content is good and there's tension
10,Christian Bale Met Damon. What's the point of talking? This is the movie. RPM 7000 The sound that will make your heart explode!
10,I dozed off after watching Frozen 2.I thought I was weird.My heart beat when I saw Ford v Perry.I was normal.
10,I thought it was a good thing that I saw it after seeing it First of all, the movie was dynamic, so there was no time to be bored, and the main actors' appearances were outstanding, so the eyes were happy It was funny when Ford cried. I liked the American image
8,It's a movie that really touches your heart where you can feel your passion for cars and racing
10,It's a movie that I was looking forward to because I like racing, but I want to say that it's definitely one of the best movies of 2019. The hypocrisy in the image of a big car company called Ford is naturally revealed, and the directing of the racing scene is amazing. At first, I wondered if I had to talk about Ken for a long time to increase the running time, but the ending solves it. You're good at controlling the pace, so make sure to watch it
10,A really good action movie.
10,Wow... My heart was beating all the time I watched it.I didn't expect much but it was really fun.Make sure you drink beer.
10,Wow, Christian veil. Matt Damon, cool
4,Personally, it was less interesting than the animated initials. In the 1st episode of the 1st generation, Takumi's first meeting with Keisuke, the sound 5,4,3,2,1 appeared, and the excitement and adrenaline did not come out as much as when he tried the inertial drift. It was a little unfair to watch it at Temper Cinema for a high price. But the main actors' acting skills were good.
10,I was going to watch Frozen with my mom, but people around me said it wasn't fun, so I begged to watch itMy mom said she enjoyed watching it because her heart was pounding
10,You have to watch "Totally Jam" no matter what Full of thrills
10,It's so fun. Make sure to watch it. LOL
9,It feels like I'm being sucked in even though I'm not interested in cars
10,Crazy movie. Frozen is coming down and this movie theater needs to be increased. I've seen this ten times and it's not worth the money. Ford bad management.Ansaford. ㅜㅜ Oh.A true story, Mr. Ford's Antai--
9,I didn't feel the long running time.
10,
8,It will be a heart-throbbing movie for car enthusiasts. The two main actors' wonderful acting and harmony with the car
10,Acting skills... Story... Composition...It ended in an instant, so I had to wait for an hour.
10,
10,Wow, I just came out from watching it, and I was so immersed in it.And the dense story is really...It's been a really long time since I've seen a movie that I've never thought of as loose.
10,Personally, I had a hard time watching the Lord of the Rings series, which I enjoyed the most, and it was a pity that 2 hours and 30 minutes passed so fast, and I felt something wonderful boiling throughout the whole time. It's a movie that lacks 10 points. It is a must-see movie for men who are interested in cars and driving.
10,I looked forward to it, but it didn't disappoint
10,150 minutes passed like 100 minutes.
10,I'm not praising Ford, I'm not criticizing Ferrari. It's a masterpiece
10,After watching the movie, I gently step on the accelerator of my car.
10,It's a masterpiece. Even if you don't like cars, make sure to watch it! I have no regrets.
10,I've seen a lot of movies. This is the first movie that made people want to know by writing a review.I was not interested in cars and watched this movie without thinking, and I was really surprised that it was a two-and-a-half-hour movie after the movie, and I experienced a magic that the real time disappeared in an instant.It's the first time I've actually laughed at a movie theater, and I think it was definitely the perfect movie with both fun and message.If you are thinking about this movie and other movies, I recommend watching this movie without worrying about it. And this movie is a movie that must be seen in a movie theater, including racing scenes.It was two and a half hours without regret.
10,Breathtakingly 7,000 times the Mad Max.Run, Vice President
10,So much fun ㅜㅜ♥ Best acting, the eye-catching story
10,It's the best movie of the year. I want to watch it again before I go down, but it's going down so fast ㅠ
9,Good. Matt Damon and Christian Bale
10,
10,2 hours and a half! Matt Damon's acting is always good, Christian Bale is always amazing!
10,Realistically thought Ford became a realistic price, ideally thought Ferrari became an ideal price.
10,
6,Three of us went and two of us dozed off.It was worth watching towards the end of the game, but I regretted going after the score.
10,So cool... Both of them...
10,Wow... I'm so touched.You must watch it afterwards Strongly recommend
10,A man's movie! I enjoyed it.My hands are sweaty in the racing scene.
10,a film increasingly assimilated into their passionI couldn't breathe.
8,There aren't many driving scenes, but the story is good
10,Both sides of me are praying hands and spring (including me)
10,The racing movie "Literity" is different.
8,Change the title first. To "Ken and Carol". Life goes by at 7000 rpm. Ken's life, which he pushed according to his convictions, is much more valuable than the flattery.
10,It was a long run, but it wasn't boring at all
10,A racing movie that a girl can feel a lot of things
10,Even though I wasn't interested in cars or racing, I enjoyed it very much. It's not just about racing, but people's stories were touching and not boring
8,The exhaust of the car sounded like his crying
10,I saw you in a current story.The immersion level was overwhelming among the movies I've seen. It's been exciting for two and a half hours.
10,a movie with a speed of 300 kilometers per hour
10,Please watch it at the theaterIt's really fun
9,Christian Bale's performance stands out
10,A must-see movie if you like cars in 2019!A must-see movie even if you don't like cars in 2019!
9,The fear of death is buried in the engine sound at 7000 RPM
9,I thought Ford and Ferrari's showdown was about the movie, but it wasn't.
10,It's the best movie I've seen this yearIt's so much fun
10,The thrill of the Joker, Ford Ferrari
10,It's below zero! Fun.
10,A movie I want to watch again. I've been hearing the engine since I got home
10,I can't believe it's the same movie that costs 10,000 won as the shield.
10,You have to watch this no matter what! No matter what anyone says, it's the best movie for me
10,There's a performance of two actors, a racing car's growling hands, a sweaty race, and a story Don't wait and watch it. I hope you watch it at the theater
8,I've been getting tired of the power trip throughout the movie, and I'm wondering if the Ken family got paid a lot of money
10,I watched it in memory of Can Miles.
10,I'm satisfied with both the action and the story
10,I thought it was a Marvel movie just by looking at the title, so I tried to skip it.A masterpiece hidden by the Monopoly of Frozen 2
10,It's a movie that's not a waste of money. I want to pay more
10,The best movie ever!As expected of Met Damon and Christian Bale!
10,
9,2 hours and 30 minutes passed at 7000 RPM
10,It was perfect.
10,Sweat in your hands... not boring for a minute for two and a half hours. I really want to applaud Christian Vale's weight loss and acting. I really enjoyed it.
10,Everyone is racing their own lives today In order to enter 7,000 rpm, you need to have faith in yourself through constant effort and countless tests, and based on that, you can boldly step on it when others hesitate Only then can we meet a certain point where everything fades It was the best movie of the year with Joker Parasite
10,Just watch it before you get off at the movie theater. Wow, it's such a waste not to be able to see this at the theater
10,It's been a long time no see
10,It's a movie that makes even people who like Ferrari cheer for the Ford team for two and a half hours
9,I want to run thrillingly
10,I was so immersed in the best.
10,I really lost track of time. I love your acting!
9,It was so much fun that the racing scenes didn't let go of the tension
10,2 hours and 40 minutes went by so fast. I was so immersed in it
10,2 hours and 30 minutes are flying byPersonally, I'm one of the top three movies I've seen this year
10,I didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes. I thought the reviews were all lies.Every time the car engine rang, my heart beat too.
9,James Mangold is always above average. Recommendation!
10,
10,It's been a while since I went to a movie theater with no regrets
8,I like the realistic look
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year, but it'll be boring if I watch it at home
10,It's my first time rating a movie on NAVER.That's how much I enjoyed it It became my favorite movie ㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it
9,The last black-and-white photo naturally conjures up the image of Ken Miles played by Christian Bale. His acting skills are flawless, but his long running time is flawless
10,This year's movies seem to be best in "Parasite" and "Ford v Ferrari."
8,Ford and Ferrari are more fun to watch if you know the trend of the times and the overall history of the car than simple car action. I like the vividness of the scene, but since the running time is a bit long, it would be better to go to the bathroom in advance
10,If you're a man, you have to watch "Young-Hoe, Touch, Fun, Story" acting. 10 points
10,Lastly, if you are a man at 7,000 rpm, make sure to watch it at a movie theater where you can't help but cry. You can watch it twice. After watching it, you can watch Korean movies that are disgusting or uncomfortable
10,My heart beats when I race. a trick
10,It was so much fun.Just watching Matt Damon and Christian Vale in a movie is half-eaten, but based on a true story, the racing scene makes your hands sweat.
10,It's very, very worth seeing.I'm suddenly interested in cars.
10,A masterpiece movie that even people who don't know much about cars can enjoy
10,It was embarrassing that the price of tickets was the same as that of Korean movies.
10,My wife doesn't like movies like this in kaalmot. They said that the movie time is long, and I think I will sleep before I watch it. After watching the movie, my wife said, "Is it a two-and-a-half-hour movie? I lost track of time and enjoyed watching it." -_-^
10,It's really a masterpiece
8,The racing scene is a bit long, but I enjoyed it more than I thought
9,The crazy acting skills of the previous Batman movie... I highly recommend it if you enjoy racing and speed.I'm surprised this is a true story.
10,All I can say is that it was the best.
10,Different thoughts and passion as each person in charge are well expressed. The thoughts and passion as a chairman, thoughts and passion as a marketing manager, thoughts and passion as a sports car runner, and responsibilities and passion as a car racer contrast.
10,Matt Damon and Bale's collaboration, especially Bale's acting skills and enjoying the work in the play, is beyond the pale
10,I was angry about the power trip, but it was fun
10,Just no need for words. You have to see it
10,Wow, I put all my strength into it
9,Stable acting skills and speed. The story is predictable, but it's more fun than that
10,I don't like action movies but it's so much fun
10,It was so much fun and I loved the action scenes. I lost track of time
10,Touching and coolness to the earth~~~~
10,Why is 10 the highest score?It's the best since Mad Max!
10,His acting is amazing. Especially Christian Bale.
10,
10,Wow, a movie that's really worth watching at the theater!
10,
10,Best movie I've seen this year!Actor, director, director, story. It's hard to find fault. It's a well-made and interesting movie
8,I recommend 4DX.It's like a human drama
9,Wow, it's so much fun!
10,It's the first time I almost cried watching a car movie.
10,When two men who worked for their country jumped in with enthusiasm for what they liked...
10,It was so much fun. Actors are the best too!
10,That's the sound Watch it at the movie theater. Don't watch Toraeng at home
10,The best. The best. Ken and Shelby's eyes hit me
10,Make sure to watch it at the movie theaterIt's my favorite movie
8,The running time is long. Good acting. How did you film the scene of the lace accident? Amazing
9,I get goosebumps when I run.
10,Nice and touching movie!!!!
10,
9,It's a good movie optimized for the theater. While watching the movie, I felt like I was at the 1966 Le Mans competition in France. Perhaps because it was an American movie, it was a little funny that Ford turned Italian Ferrari and Fiat into villains. Personally, I wanted a clean or happy ending, but the ending of this movie was not so, so that part was a little disappointing. I think it would have been cleaner if the main character didn't die or was the final winner of Le Mans. It's based on the true story of Ken Miles, a Ford GT40 test driver, so it's inevitable, but it's still a shame.
10,The pinnacle of machines and humans, young people, be careful of accidents
10,Even if you're not interested in cars, you should watch it
10,It's a life movie that reminds me that a life of being dragged around by Ford's ambitions and slowing down and adjusting to the company can't go straight.This movie shows the characteristics of America.It's an American style that's free, but ambitious, and full of greed.Fact is a movie that makes you realize that there are things that money can't do. I enjoyed it.
10,It's a masterpiece that I remember
10,Wow, the best movie of the year...
10,It was more fun because it was a movie that I watched after watching Frozen 2 I enjoyed the movie to the point where I thought it was this kind of movie because they delivered such quality and unbelievable impression at the same price as Frozen If you're a guy who likes cars, you have to watch it at least once Thank you so much for letting me watch this movie
10,I don't know how to commentHer immersion, acting skills, everything was perfect.
7,It's a movie that's ambiguous to call it a car movie, a friendship movie, or a good and bad movie. It doesn't feel like much because it's mixed, but overall, it's a movie worth watching
10,I enjoyed watching it without knowing the time went by due to excellent directing skills. A great movie that conveys to the audience the feeling of tears that Ford shed in a sports car
9,The acting of the two actors, the delicate directing of the director, the running time of the movie that didn't end as easily as Le Mans's game, was all good, but the most impressive thing was the friendship between Miles and Carol, who shared deep-rooted trust
10,Can't miss the tension during the race
10,This is the movie. This is the movie.
10,I watched a movie because I liked cars, and I learned about Ford and Pulari's attitude toward people, the attitude toward cars, and the personality of the company CEO. Thank you. Personally, I liked Ford.But it's a little different now, right?
10,I'm not interested in cars and I'm not interested in racing, but I really enjoyed this movie! It's a movie where I really liked the friendship that comes out of acknowledging each other
10,Personally, it was the best movie of the year
10,I chose the best movie of 2019
10,It's a must-see work of life whether you're interested in cars.The acting and the story were so good, and the thrill of excitement and tension still rises all over my body...
10,My boyfriend asked me to watch it, so I just watched it and left a rating. - It's my life movie. I really hope everyone watches it Really crazy life movie ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that resembles our lives, where we struggle whether to move forward or stop while stepping on the brakes and acceleration at the same time.
9,2 hours and 32 minutes of perfect 1 LAP!
10,It's just the best! I hope to see more of you!
10,I watched it without any expectations, but I was moved by the overwhelming speed. The movie is so well-made that you can't feel the long running time!
9,I'm telling you, two and a half hours are already over. I lost track of time and watched the movie. The speed, the friendship, the family, the breath of a big company. And that "Fast and Furious"... Even the tears in the end.
9,I see Christian Bale again. The acting is good and not to mention the action. However, there are definitely likes and dislikes. It's a very masculine movie, and it runs straight to the conclusion without a sidelong glance. At the same time, the audience knows from the beginning how the results will be. Because the movie is based on historical facts.Ferrari, the most attractive car. And the most popular car, Ford. The title is provocative. When I saw a Ferrari passing by in the movie, I said, "If you compete with beauty, we already lost." As such, the red and beautiful Ferrari and Ford's Muscle Car, which makes a muscular roar, will face off. Like me, I just drove a car, and I can feel the heart beating emotion without having the knowledge to distinguish what model that is and how it is. In addition, 90 percent of the movies are Matt Damon, Christian Bale, and cars. The rest, I'm sorry to say, is so weightless that it's almost gone from memory. I remember the vice president, the charismatic Henry Ford II, the Enzo Ferrari I've heard of, and I remember Iacocca and Christian Bale's wife and son. I remember the actor who played Matt Damon as Selby's engineer, and he seemed to have acted really well one by one. A movie where the roar of cars was really attractive. Here in the movie review, I can really relate to the story of caution because my car seems to have slowed down after watching the movie.
8,It's beating the expected story at 7 rpm!
10,It's fun. I want to watch it again
10,It's crazy. It's really crazy. Wow.
10,It was a thrilling pleasure after a long time!
10,A good movie without a word. a heart-warming movie
10,Recommended movie for Cha's fans! Personally, I recommend watching the preview uploaded by Cho Seung Youn on YouTube before watching it
10,I can't believe that you can make it come out so well with a movie that makes your heart race
9,My stomach is open, and I feel bitter. How long are you going to hold on to the bitterness, there is not enough time to run. Thanks Ken, Shelby.
10,The storyline is natural and realistic without overreacting I'm nervous, too^^
9,It's so much fun. I'm not interested in cars and don't know much about them
10,Even though I'm so busy, I checked the timetable because I thought I'd be the youngest It was so much fun. I recommend it Totally.
8,ENGENE's sound!
10,There is no need for words. Top.
10,It's a sound that makes your heart race!
8,It's not a short running time, but I enjoy watching it while concentrating
10,Just shut up and watch. There is no need for words.
9,The action in the first half is so impressive. When do they get old?
10,It's an amazing car action movie
10,It has three beats of acting, story, and visual beauty. I hope that the number of theaters will increase and many people will watch it.
10,Really. Calm down. Shouldn't we increase the number of good movie theaters? We're already out of the Special Hall. Stupid CEOs...
9,thrilling, noisy, but warm car racing
10,I really really really enjoyed it Please watch it
10,What is Ferrari doing in F1?
10,He looks like a neighborhood guy, but he's a good driver.
10,Look at the comparison with the kimchi movie.
10,I was really surprised to know that the running time was 2 and a half hours after watching the movie. I thought it was an hour and a half, but I really lost track of time.
10,
10,It's not when I see the real Frozen, Jumanji. Seriously, when you're racing, your hands are sweaty. presence
10,Shelby and Miles at Ford is a great movie.
10,I didn't know anything about cars, but it was fun and not boring4 It was so nice to see it through 4D Screen X I'd like to see more theaters.
10,Wow! The speed with which my hands are sweating. It even feels like I'm riding.
10,Why doesn't it go viral like this? As a woman in her early 20s who doesn't care a bit about cars, it's so funny to me ㅠㅠ 2 hours and 30 minutes passed like an hour ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Is running time too long a barrier to entry?
10,Christian Bale acting crazy.
8,I think it's right to say that you're being sucked into the screen
8,A commercial film should be this much. It's fun, touching, and spectacular. The racing scene is really well made. I thought you were playing a racing game. The racing sound is the best. Looking at former Ford and Ferrari presidents, it's exactly the same as the reality of Ford and Ferrari right now
10,It was the first movie that really made my hands sweat.
10,As some of the audience may have noticed, James Vaughan apologizing in the middle, and the punching Batman and the kind of reconciliation between the two incredible bodies
10,It's my first time to leave a review after watching a movie.
10,It's a movie that you won't get sick of even if you watch it 10 times
10,As the years went by, I thought I wouldn't see a good movie. But if I were to pick the best movie of 2019, I would pick this movie. My girlfriend, who doesn't like to watch what I've seen, asked me to see her again.
10,
9,I watched it with my 12-year-old son. My son has never actually seen the F1 race yet, but he loved the sound of the magnificent engine. But it was a bit boring because of the long running time.
10,
10,Oh, you're just so cool. Vice Chairman Ford had cancer, but...
9,That's the best movie I've seen this year The combination of the two actors was great and the directing was real I'm surprised that it's a true story
10,The movie that I watched without knowing the time was passing
10,Men who love cars and speed.A company that loves cars and a company that sees money.
10,It's even more surprising that this story is true, without any superfluous acting!
10,Looking at Encho Ferrari's salute, I felt that the craftsman knew the craftsman. Some people see cars as a business, but in the movie, cars were both art and passion.
10,There's no need for wordsA thrilling car movie that came out after a long time! Are you watching the gallop?!!
10,a movie of one's life
8,It's like that for all American movies, but it's about America being great. However, as I am a mechanic, I liked the passionate content, the lines were fun, and the movie was good.
9,Daytona night racing scene is really nice It really touched me that people in those days were feeling that kind of atmosphere
8,It's a typical American movie with no sensibility.
10,It just touches my heart. I've never done this before
10,
10,That's awesome! Best of the best movie I've seen this year! My hands were sweating
10,
10,The screen is monopolized in the winter kingdom, so it's hard to watch it even if you make time, but if you can watch it, it's a thrilling movie. I lost track of time.
10,If you're even a little interested in cars, you'll find it very interesting!Ken Miles is so cool. My heart is still pounding
10,
10,Thank you for letting me watch a good movie at the end of the year
10,Make sure to watch my favorite movie at the theater
10,This isn't a million??? Is this for real?? It's a masterpiece that's not weird. Fordy ScreenX, give me IMAX again. You're like Ford. ㅜㅜ
10,The thrill of racing is unforgettable
10,Definitely respect, joy, sadness, anger, everything is not overly melted in. "Frozen" is the best movie ever, "Frozen" is the best movie ever.
7,strange, unfamiliar
10,It's both touching and fun, and I didn't miss it.I watched it twice, but I want to watch it again!
10,The sound of the engine excites me
10,It's been a while since I went to a cinema
8,I erased it in the beginning, but it was really fun in the middle
10,I almost cried. It was fun. It was good. I want to buy the new K5 right away.
10,The best movie of 2019... Tears... There's nothing missing
9,Your wife, who's a girl than me, can you make it more fun?
10,I can't believe I saw them in one piece.Vice President OOO
6,In the beginning, the boring racing scene is fun, but the ending is empty. It's worth watching while comparing it with a real story
10,Among the top 3 movies I watched this year,
10,I heard the sound of the 8th cylinder next year.
10,
10,The story was solid and the main character and Shelby were cool, but what I liked the most was the excitement of riding a real racing car.
9,The acting was good, but the performance was really fast.A movie that would be great to watch in 4D.The long running time of 2 hours and 40 minutes was not boring at all.
8,It's fun! It'll be more fun if you watch it in 4D!
10,The best movie I've seen this year... Perfect friend perfect wife perfect child perfect teamwork. an overdose of wise sayings I lost track of time
10,I lost track of time
9,Eventually, Ford ended up doing the rest of the business
10,The running time of 2 hours and 30 minutes was so short that everything about the video, story, and production went by as fast as racing
10,As expected, Christian veil is the best^^!
10,It's so much fun, but I don't know why the audience is like this. I watched Frozen 2 a few days later and it was so much fun.I enjoyed watching it as if I were racing for 2 hours and 30 minutes.
10,Racing thrill, solid story, the best
10,I realized that the title wasn't just about car manufacturers
9,But why is the title Ford V Ferrari...It wasn't what I expected, but it was fun~~
10,The acting, directing, and visuals are all amazing. Earth stick, Earth stick, Happy
9,At 8:20 on Saturday morning, I enjoyed the large popcorn in the middle of the theater, came home, and watched Rush (Nikirauda and James Hunt) again!
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen this year. Make me interested in cars and when I was racing, it was so vivid. Unlike other movies, it was so much fun and I should go watch it again crying
8,The thrill and excitement of the car race, the performance of Matt Damon and Christian Bale, and a wonderful movie that touches you in the second half.
8,Stick is the best when it comes to cars
9,It's the best movie ever From acting to directing, it's perfect
10,7000+ 지옥처럼 가라
9,It doesn't feel like two hours of reflection It's a movie that has a lot of tension, emotion, and feeling Matt Damon's Falling Again
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. There was a more thrilling tension than a thriller, and I was moved, and I really lost track of time.
10,If you want to watch it, make sure to watch it. You won't regret it. :-)
10,This is the real movie.
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. Christian Bale's level of commitment to the role is unparalleledThe ㅠㅠ video and engine sound were exciting, too!
10,
10,God-deking-li...LOL
10,The action was really good and it was a satisfying piece.Recommend.
10,Wow, I've been getting goosebumps all the time I've been watching a racing game in front of my eyes for the first time The sound of the engine and the two-shot of Ferrari are amazing.It's been a while since I've seen a really good one, I'm sad about the money, and I love the story that's been filled with boredom for over two hours of running time
10,F1 driver experience for two and a half hours. Hello!
8,The extreme point at 7000 RPM Christian Bale's run lingers in the air. Outstanding acting, superfluous production, and a masterpiece for the first time in a long time.
10,I feel like I'm one of the top five movies I've seen this year I'm sure there are individual differences, but I think it's a movie that anyone can enjoy watching
8,a trick comparable to Logan James Mangold's next film is on the list. And the veil.
9,Fantastic chemistry and perfect racing scene between the two actors
8,Just as driving a high-performance sports car like a sedan breaks down, a talented person should do a great job rather than a garage. Even if it's dangerous.
10,2019's masterpiece ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's like I'm driving a stick. It's a movie that awakens my emotions when I was young. a deludedly vivid film
10,Wow, it's crazy That's amazing
10,If the heavy exhaust sound of the car made my heart beat for the first time, the exhaust sound at the end of the movie was a movie that wetted my heart.
8,Car-chaining is really disgusting
10,
10,This is fun.It's a movie that even people who are not interested in cars can enjoy watching.I don't like movies with long running time, but the running time doesn't feel long.
10,I can't believe this kind of movie didn't even hit a million yet.
10,It's one of the top five movies of the year.
10,I can't believe that this movie is really the same price as other movies. I was possessed and took 160 steps on my way home. Be careful.
10,A masterpiece. A movie that won't be a waste to watch two or three times
9,It was a movie based on a true story, so I was sad to finish the movie, but I watched it without knowing the time went by for two and a half hours.
10,I thought it was just a car racing movie, but it was a movie where I could feel the joy of racing, including human tenacity, dreams, family love, and ills of corporate organizations. I highly recommend it to those who haven't seen it. It was fun and very touching.
10,The best car movie I've ever seen! It explains how to understand the car.
10,I was going to watch Jumanji, but I can watch it even if I'm not interested in cars. It's not a waste to watch it twice. It feels like the movie time is too short.Crazy
10,The speed of life that touches even the people who don't know cars.
9,I didn't know that the running time was this long, but I was surprised to see the time after the screening.
10,It's been a while and I enjoyed it. It's the best movie ever released. But the screening time is a bit long, so please go to the bathroom in advance...
9,Ken Miles clenched his fist when he hit the record high, and as he crossed the finish line, we were seen, and I felt a mixture of anger and emptiness
9,So, would you guys buy Ford instead of Ferrari? After all, the biggest winner was McLaren from Ford.
9,It's been a while since I felt hot. A really interesting movie.
10,Based on a true story, the performers' acting, situation development, and sound effects stand out.
10,Wow, that's crazy. It feels like I came back from racing
10,Matt Damon = Jason Bourne, Christian Bale = Brunswain John Buntal = Frank Castle The combination that is virtually inevitable to win
8,A movie that combines the excitement of speed with the trust of the two male characters
10,It's a movie that you must watch at the movie theater. I didn't expect it, but it's so much fun
10,
10,
10,If you like tea, you can't be boring
10,It was a movie that focused on passion and action for pure cars. I think it's the first time that I've watched a movie with a full-time concentration of 150 minutes.Ford v Ferrari
10,I really lost track of time~~You're awesome. You're the best
8,1966 in the history of U.S. European automobiles
10,This is a movie. The word comes to my mindThe chemistry between the two actors was great
10,I lost track of time. Watch Spring twice My wrist sword
10,I didn't expect much. It was more fun than I expected
10,
10,I lost track of time. I think it's a masterpiece that you must see in the theater.
10,
10,It's fun to watch it at the theater
10,It was the most touching!
7,Why did you have to kill the protagonist?
10,A movie recommendation that makes your heart warm even though you don't give a rating!
10,The actor's face looked like a real person, so it raised the sense of reality and delighted the ears with the sound of the car engine
10,
10,I can only express that I was ecstatic.I think I know a little bit about what adrenaline feels like.
10,
10,It's fun ^^ lol It's worth watching if you just go watch it lightly
10,It must be the best movie of my life. I'm writing a review for the first time and it's really the best!Music, thrills, stories, acting skills. It's the best movie
10,I can't believe this was real! It was an interesting movie that lost track of time! After watching it, I wanted to drive past the car in front of me on my way home.;;
10,I don't know much about cars, but it's really fun
10,There is no need for words Go, go, go
10,Christian Bale looks so coolRacing is the background, but it's not a racing action, but Christian Bale plays coolThe story is typical, but you can feel the tension just by the expression of driving that time passes quickly with the hand-sweating directing and actingI think Christian Bale's performance alone is worth watching
10,Just by looking at the title, I thought it was a second-rate action entertainment movieBut everything was a masterpiece.
10,It's fun. Christian veil bb
10,He who knows what he wants to do is lucky.
10,Why isn't it just Ken Miles?
9,Best movie of the year in 2019
10,It's crazy...It really feels like I watched a movie.It's been a really long time
10,Wow, it's so much fun and amazing. When a person goes crazy about something, they get this result. And the old guys at the company, if they saw this movie and reflected on it,
10,I really lost track of time and watched it
10,Car and engine sound! A movie full of excitement!
10,I'm going to watch it one more time
8,It is impressive to see Miles killing his boss and generations coming in side by side for Ford, including Selby, ahead of the final race at 7,000 rpm.
10,I thought I would doze off because I saw Jojo, but time went by so fast compared to the running time, not to be sleepy. It was fun and touching. The actor's acting and visual beauty are outstanding!
8,It was a little boring in the beginning, but I'm falling for it as time goes by
10,Wow... 2 hours and 30 minutes of running time was never boring... I watched it without much expectation. It was so much fun You're the best ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching! It's all here!ㅜㅜ
10,The story of pure people chasing dreams A movie where the sound of rough engine fluctuates with passion and emotion
8,Please increase the number of theaters
10,No, you're bringing him back
10,
5,The Ford movie...I don't know why Korea can't make racing movies like this... It's not like there's no car company that can be used as a source... It's hard to say because it's a movie that actually happened and I expected it to be a Ford autobiographical movie to some extent, but I still leave a few words...
10,It went by so fast that I couldn't even think of a two-and-a-half-hour movie, there were a lot of criticism from the CEO's management, and of course, there was only a sigh in the part that was realistically underway, and it was a sweaty moment in the part of the game! If you tell me to watch it again, I can watch it again!
10,I lost track of time and watched it Good
10,
10,The story of people who go crazy if they don't do what they have to do
10,I cried my eyes out throughout the movie
9,The production is no joke
10,It's the best that makes my heart race!
8,First of all, the sound was good, family love, desire to win and friendship, sacrifice for the team, thrilling racing, and many things to see and hear
10,Please show us a lot...
10,Two-and-a-half-hour car enthusiasts have come to understand
10,2 hours and 40 minutes. 10 letters
10,It's my first time writing a review and it's the most fun movie I've ever seen.It's really crazy. It's my first time experiencing 2 hours and 30 minutes disappearing. It's a movie that I can't take my eyes off for a second. I don't usually memorize foreign movie actors' names, but Christian Bale is totally imprinted on my mind.
10,
10,The best movie I've seen this year!
10,I really like movies and I watched all the movies related to racing and cars, but I can say for sure The best racing movie has been born
10,It's so much fun! Mad Max action. It's a waste of time every minute by second
10,I'm so touched.  Matt Damon and Christian Vale's performance is really experienced.
10,Ford V Ferrari, Joker, you've had a good year?
10,Good Will Hunting's youth, who is challenging for a new life, is still challenging 20 years later.
10,Thrill is the best! I lost track of time and watched it!
9,I watched it after getting my driver's license. It was a movie that made me want to drive
10,It's the best
8,It's a movie that leaves me feeling like I'm driving myself.
10,I can't believe this movie isn't even a million yet. Is it a lack of publicity or a bad preview?Christian Bale's acting is crazy
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed it
10,Daytona Racing Before Le Mans is the highlight of this movie
9,As expected, Ferrari... I just had to run at the end.
10,It's so exciting I'm so touched
10,Not to mention the main characters, Ken's wife gets angry while driving.And my son's acting...Everything was great. It's really 500% immersive and I really enjoyed watching it.Best movie of the year!
10,It was the best movie ever It's good
10,It was more fun than I expected.
10,
10,I watched the movie without letting go of the tension to the point where my hands were sweating
10,Everyone, don't miss the movie when it's playing. Go to the movie theater and watch it. Please... Why don't you watch such a well-made movie? Two and a half hours passed faster than 7000 RPM. It is not just a racing movie, but a touching drama.
10,This is the movie It's one of the top three releases of this year.
9,For two and a half hours we were in Le Mans and watched the race of two men.
10,Park Pyeongsik scored 7 points. No more explanation needed
10,
10,The actors' chemistry and the story of the main characters are all well-released I thought the movie was an hour long
10,
10,The first game, when I went over 7,000 rpm, I thought my heart was going over
10,Best movie in the second half of this year!Christian Bale and Matt Damon's touching myth Ford had the potential to outdo Ferrari, but it's amazing why the two groups of leaders' minds about cars melted in one film like this.
10,I went to see it with my 2nd daughter of 4th grade son. The running time was long, so I was wondering if the members would be able to see it well, but it was Kiwoo. It was kind of hard because it was long. I feel like I watched a movie after a long time.The sound of the car makes my heart beat, and Christian Bale's acting is really great
10,
10,40 minutes between 2 companies feels like an hour
10,The best movie of 2019
10,A movie that I enjoyed watching in a long time
8,I didn't know there would be such a heavy twist I was so angry and cried in the theater  What do I live for? Respect and respect for Christian Bale and the late Ken
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year! The actors' acting skills were the best and the immersion was no joke. It was a movie that everyone in the theater watched with bated breath and lamented
9,Christian Vale and Matt Damon's acting and realistic racing scenes were also the best
10,I'm sorry that I suspected you as part-timers because your GPA was so good. It's really fun. It's fun even if you don't know a single car.
10,A movie that shows wide and accurate even though it passes at 340km/h for 3 minutes and 30 seconds
10,I could feel how much effort he put into the soundThere's nothing missing
10,I'm satisfied with the movie that makes my heart beat so fast
10,I really enjoyed it 마지막 The last tear...It still lingers LOL There was a point of laughter in between, and there was nothing to say about acting. LOL It was fun
10,There is no need for words.
10,
10,It's okay. Look Please
10,Why is a movie like this coming out now! presence
10,Any more movies you want to show me when he's born?
9,I don't know how time flies. I've never been curious about the time while watching a movie. A movie that a man would definitely like
10,The whole running time wasn't boring at all and the tension was no joke as if you were actually racing. Christian Vale, who played Ken Miles, thought he was such a cool character. So much fun!
10,It was cool. It was so much fun. I'm glad I watched it in the theater.
8,If it were a Korean movie, the main character would be poor, but he had to give up due to family circumstances, and the son of an automobile company or chaebol would come out as a rival and compete. The main female character, the main character, and the rival put in a triangular phrase, and at the end, they squeeze out the moving mouse.
10,It is a representative action movie of 2019, which makes your hands sweat and heart beat more than any thriller.I recommend you to watch it at the movie theater.
10,Why is Ken's Happy song so long? We saw the life of a man who really came close to happiness
10,I had a lot of fun.~~~
10,Best movie of the year, Ford Ferrari Joker
10,
10,The best movie I happened to see when I was frustrated
10,Make sure to watch the movie of your life, regardless of your life.
10,Two and a half hours is not boring at all
10,
10,It's fun. It's really fun Make sure to watch it. It's a story that makes your hands sweat
10,I was surprised that this movie had a running time of 2 hours and 30 minutes. A movie full of thrill and excitement.
8,
10,The best movie of the year, despite the long running time, is insanely tense.  It's not a waste of 5 stars
9,It's a movie that has both fun and touching moments People who put all their energy into what they do well and love remain in their hearts I recommend it ♡
9,I hope it's more popular! The tension is the best! It's a neat movie
10,It's so much fun I'm so proud of myself for watching this
10,It's a movie that praises Ferrari and reveals Ford
10,It was the best movie in a long time!
10,7,000rpm. The point where everything fades...I took my girlfriend to see something else and forced her to go, but when I held her hand, she was sweating
10,Nice. Selby's autobiographical film
10,It's the best movie in my lifeYou'll regret it if you don't watch it.
10,I watched it twice. It's really fun. ㅠㅠ Trust and watch Christian Bale ㅠㅠ Best ㅠㅠ Please re-release 4dxI'll watch it 50 timesㅜㅜ
10,A movie that a woman in her mid-thirties chose for killing time, then held her breath, screamed, and killed time for two and a half hours.  The best masterpiece...
8,It was fun. I watched it late at night, but there were a lot of audience. What do you mean, real?It's so touching
10,I'll give you a rating for the first time.
9,I went to watch it thinking it was a racing movie without thinking about it, but I think it showed a probable story and money problem that cannot but be intertwined with sports.
10,The most immersive movie I've seen recently
10,
10,I shouldn't have gone up to vice president for no reason.
10,I'm lucky to pay the same amount of money to watch a movie like this
10,I watched it without much expectation. I was immersed in it from beginning to end. "Can" was so cool
10,I went to see a racing movie and watched a movie of my life movie.
10,It's nothing to touch if it shows the pride of AmericaIf Frozen 2 is touching something, it must be a movie that touches a man's heartstrings After watching it, I step on the accelerator deeply for no reason. Ken's appearance beyond the horizontal line in the latter part of the movie was sad but beautiful.
10,
10,I lost track of time! As expected of Bale and Matt Damon, your acting skills are the bestLike those who live once ^^
7,The chemistry between the two actors, Axel and Break
10,Ford was so uncivilized
10,It's my favorite movie. I recommend you to watch it at the movie theater
10,It's sad to see your rival disappear
10,Christian Bale...ㅜㅜ Watching movies makes my hands sweat.It's really world-made.
8,A movie that pays off with a racing scene covered with a loud engine sound
10,I watched it with sweat in my handsIt was so much funHaha
10,I fell asleep after watching "Frozen" for 210 minutes. Time flies so fast
10,It was so interesting^^ It's a movie that men will like!LOL I really lost track of time
7,I felt something contrived, so I typed too much msg into the true story.
10,Time flies even though it seems boring.Sound good... It's sad to hear that it's real, but I want to see it again
10,The title of "Running in the Furious" is...
10,At 7,000 rpm, something
10,I watched a movie at night, but I don't feel bored. It's the best I really recommend it
5,It wasn't fun. It was such a boring movie.
8,Is it a Ford diss movie? All I can think of is not Ford's speed, but a good-looking Ferrari and Ken, who was a real matchmaker
10,
10,
10,There was nothing I couldn't score 10 points on. It's a movie that shows students who don't have anything to do at school under the pretext of video media, so I didn't expect much and went to an internet cafe in the middle, but I think I really watched a movie of my life. I think it was a movie where I couldn't help but focus on the immersion, sound, and directing. I think I saw a masterpiece after a long time, so I felt very good after coming out. I'm writing a review here that I didn't even write for the Avengers... I think it's that valuable. The genre of racing that I wasn't interested in was really fun for everyone. I didn't understand what the term was, but I think it doesn't matter much when I watch the movie. I really enjoyed it Thank you.
10,The movie "Hit and Run" is the same price, but I think I will watch it even if it costs more than 20,000 won That's all I've been thinking about all the time watching the movie. The first part is so immersive
10,Cool. I want to devote myself to something like Can Miles
10,It's so much fun! It's making your hands sweat! Poor Ford --
10,The movie of my life.
10,Time flies so fast
10,The directing, acting, and visuals were all flawless and Matt Damon and Christian Vale were both so cool that I lost track of time. Frozen 2 and this year's best movie I watched. I watched it in 4dx, but it wasn't boring and it was so much fun!I feel like I'm relieving stress when I'm running ♡
10,As the rating said, it doesn't make sense that the ticket price is the same as Korean moviesLet's compare it with God
10,152 minutes wasn't boring The fun of not understanding the cumulative number of viewers...I think it's because of the exclusive use of Frozen
9,It was a lot of fun.The camera technique of catching the main character behind the stadium track was also good.I felt like I was in the stadium with the main character.It's like an indirect experience of what you feel in a car race.
10,It's a really good movie. It's one of the best tricks!
10,
9,The life of a fast-paced sports car, a racer who looks through it.
10,The best movie I've seen in years!Even though he is not interested in cars at all, his sexy OST, solid acting by actors, and thrilling game production are just the best. If you don't watch this movie in the theater, you'll regret it for the rest of your life.
10,
7,■ It breaks my heart that Ken Miles died driving last.  And Matt Damon's weight in this movie was weak.   I personally like movies based on true stories, and through this movie, there was an incident between Ford and Ferrari and the internal conflict of Ford.It was interesting to know and so on.
8,The title is wrong. Ford v. Racer
10,
10,It's a realistic film that depicts the competition between Ford and Ferrari in the 1960s in racing. The actors' performances were also good.
10,Outstanding directing, Met Damon, and Christian Vale's outstanding acting skills were excellent, and it was a movie that made me immersed throughout the movie that never got bored
10,The biggest scapegoat of Monopoly 2 with Knives Out.
6,Ford and Ferrari were not interested and went to the theater because of Matt Damon in the Bonn series and Christian Bale in the Batman series. The two main actors also lived up to their names. And the action of the car racing scene was worth watching. I felt like I was playing an Xbox racing game on a large 65-inch TV screen. Yes, now the action of the car racing game is more realistic than the movie.
10,
9,When the race starts, the immersion is no joke. There are moments when I'm immersed as if I'm a racer, as if I'm at the scene. This is fun.
10,If you like cars, if you have passion, if you're a man,
10,Look, it's not a waste of money.
10,Recommendation for the CEO of our company... A piece that's worth buying...Too many cooks spoil the broth!
10,What's the point of saying...Look at the cat. Let's see. cool
10,I didn't look for Ford, the movie that made Ferrari investigate
10,Top 2 movies this year with Parasite
10,A woman in her 30s who doesn't know much about cars
9,I got goosebumps when I saw Christian Bale's tanned skin. (Spoiler) Henry Ford II was so funny when he went for a test drive with his investment The engine sound was so good, the car was so cool, and the movie itself was the best. If I had gone to the movies by car, I would have walked 200km today.
9,It was a movie that I watched alone to kill time without expecting it with a title that might seem a little childish, and the directing, acting, and video quality were so good that I watched it without knowing how the long running time had passed. After watching it, I heard about the background of the time on YouTube and thought it was a better movie.
10,A movie where you don't know what cars are and your background in racing isn't perfect, but you can see how the car companies that led the world, Ford and Ferrari, treat cars
10,There's nothing missing from moving, thrilling acting
10,A sincere movie depicting the achievement of an individual who works hard + a gift with a sense of urgency
10,It's just so much fun. I think it's the first time I've seen a movie that is not boring even for a long time.
8,
8,The video and sound are realistically vivid, so it's the most lively movie!
4,It's better than the beginning and the middle. Really;;
10,The movie that broke my heart because it was a true story
10,
10,It's so much fun.
4,I was sleepy until the middle of the year All three of us are sleepy;;
10,Wow, just look at men ㄴ재It's fun
10,A movie that makes you realize how beautiful life is, how xx-like it is, and yet worth living.
10,I really lost track of time. I really tore it up
10,Christian Bale, I'm so much betterThe story is good and I watched it because of the rating. There's a reason for the high rating
10,This is just the best. It's awesome
8,It's boring in the beginning, but it's fun from the race. It's worth watching
10,It's the best... I wish there were fewer Frozen theaters and more.
10,The running time passed like GT40
9,A movie that you must watch at the theater
10,I heard that there was a company year-end party, so I watched it without thinking. I watched it in super focused mode from the start to the end of the movie.The title is Anti... I didn't want to watch a movie after reading the title.It was the best movie of 2019.
10,This is a must-see movie! Recommendation!
10,The tension and sound that cannot be missed made me forget the running time.
9,It describes the friendship between the two men who deeply embrace Ford's challenge. Being a real person has doubled the excitement.I'm sure it's a good alternative to Frozen 2.
1,It's not Ford v Ferrari, it's Ford's car racer's staff v. executives
8,I understand why Ford didn't support me, and why I stayed still when it was released... Ford is just a company that sells cars and is misled by Taiwan...
10,Ford hates this movie.LOL
9,It's worth watching, but I lost track of time.L
10,I was wondering why the rating was so high, and it was so much fun
10,It was so much fun. But I cried
10,
10,I thought my heart was in my left chest.After watching this movie, I realized anew that my heart is all over my body. Christian Bale was just Ken Miles. Bravo!
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year
4,Why am I the only one dozing off? I'm so bored I almost died
10,It's really the best. ㅠㅠ! It's a movie that's sad that the audience is small because it's buried in Frozen
10,It's a typical American pop movie. The story is drawn just by listening to the title, and the story is still interesting
10,Best movie of the year!!!
10,It's really fun. Chrissy's acting is the best!
10,What is it? It's really fun. I want to watch it again
10,Time flew so fast. It's the best
10,The best movie I've seen recently!It's good that all the actors have good chemistry and acting skills.It's not boring to the point where I don't go to the bathroom during the running time of more than 2 hours
10,It's really fun. It's so cool. ㅜㅜ
10,It was so much fun. I finally found my favorite movie Haha
10,Vale scene that you can trust and watch
10,The chemistry between the two main actors is good. The video is good, too. It's a very exciting song. 152 minutes have passed by.
10,Grapes with delicious seeds.
10,
10,Not to mention the actors' performances, I can relate to the projection of Korean organizational society while looking at Ford If you're not loyal to yourself, no matter how competent you are, you'll be able to make your own boss overnight. He doesn't even know it's about him when he's watching a movie
10,This year's best movie is full of humanism, classic car coolness, beautiful scenery, and perfect acting even for a woman without a license! Watch it on a good screen!
10,
8,You're Ford II
10,I was so moved that I almost cried. It's a perfect movie without a flaw. It was hard because my heart was beating the whole time
9,It's faster than 7000 rpm, cooler than Ferrari, and more moving than stormy speed. It's a drama of human victory that goes beyond simple racing competition!
10,Two-and-a-half hours of admiration for Matt Damon & Christian Vale's performance and excitement at the cool car racing. ^^
10,The movie is based on a true story, but I don't want to buy a Ford car even if I have money.LOL
8,
10,I strongly recommend movies that I watched without knowing the time
10,Wow, this is just so much fun
8,It's a movie full of suspense.  I enjoyed it.
8,The true story itself is just a scam. Starting today, I'm a racing fan, respect mahero Mr. Ken Miles
10,It was a movie that didn't waste time.
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.I'm writing a review because I can't get rid of my lingering feelings even after coming home.
10,Two and a half hours was not boring!!!I'm nervous that the engine will burn. I enjoyed watching it so much!
10,Perfect storytelling and acting!
10,It's been a while since I saw a real movie without a hero. Christian Vale Matt Damon, the best combination!I really recommend it
9,The friendship and passion of the two men were as hot as the overheated engine
10,It's so much fun. I didn't know how time went by. I strongly recommend it!
10,If you listen to the heart-throbbing exhaust throughout the running time, you can feel my heart rate going up, and just two actors, Matt Damon and Christian Bale, have no reason not to watch it. It's not a waste to watch it two or three times.
10,It's definitely the best movie of the year! I don't need music It's just that the sound of the engine is the OST of this movie, and the last time Enzo Ferrari paid tribute to Ken, the Ferrari felt real again, and I should have put Ford in the car, which is a shame;
10,It's my first time getting a GPAI want to keep this and watch it 10 times moreI hope the number of theaters will increase and many people will watch it
10,If Freddie Mercury came back to OOO and woke up his passion, Ken Miles woke up his passion in 19.
10,This year is the best movie ever
10,I didn't think that I would feel really touched after watching the car racing movie.   I'm telling you, the best car movie...☆
10,150 minutes passed in a flash without knowing it was boring
9,An interesting movie even though you don't know much about cars.A movie that shows the origin of Shelby's tuning company. Heart-warming racing scene.The movie criticizes Ford, which is the opposite of Ferrari's founder Enzo Ferrari's pride and mind.
8,The ink is the same everywhere.
10,It was the first movie in my life that gave me strength to my right foot. It was the movie that made me think that we could all run at 7000 rpm
10,Out of all the movies I watched in 2019, I went to Met Damon and Christian Bale's acting skills
10,ㅠㅠ Please let everyone watch Ford v Ferrari
10,I really enjoyed it Strongly recommend
10,
10,100 points for acting. 100 points for story. Among the movies I saw this year, it was the most fun and enjoyable!!
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that made my heart pound! Story acting, directing, and tension are perfect! I hope more people watch it!
10,Christian Bale and Matt Damon, needless to say, came to watch a racing movieI watched a drama between a man who didn't compromise with Guy and a friend who was in conflict. In the last track, the scene where the main character looks forward and backward alternately and makes a choice for others over himself was heartbreaking and cool.
10,A movie that gave me a slap on the knee on how wonderful it was to go down that path to complete me, no matter what the difficulties follow.
10,I'm sure there's no loser who doesn't care about cars
10,It's the best... It's not a waste even if you pay more
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's a movie that even people who are not interested in cars become interested in this movie. I strongly recommend it!
9,I saw the behind-the-scenes story of the Ferrari Ford story I knew.I thought Ford was amazing.You can't tell by just listening to one side
10,When Shelby and Ken got tangled up in a fight, Shelby picked up a can of beer, put it down, and smacked Ken in the head with a bag of bread
1,I lost track of time.
10,I'm touched. It's such a big lingering impression. Christian Vale is so good at acting. It's a movie that should win first place at the box office
10,I've seen hundreds of movies, but it's my first time leaving a review. This movie is just crazy. You just have to trust and watch.
10,
10,It's a great movie with beautiful visuals, directing, and everything
9,Best movie I've seen this year!
10,
10,
10,Time flies so fast! A really fun movie!
10,It was so interesting. I'm interested in cars and I like this genre. I really enjoyed watching it.
10,
10,Wow, this is really fun.It's so much fun
10,It's so much fun!  Story good
4,Boredom and sweet potatoes. I agree with the people who went to see them
9,A must-see movie if you're a fan of Cha
10,Don't worry about it and watch it no matter what. Godvale
10,I don't know anything about cars and racing, but my acting skills are so good
10,I feel through two friends how much energy is released when I do what I like. I'm happyThere are a lot of people like Leovib in our society.
10,The sound that you must feel at the movie theater!I want to hear it again
10,I'm a father of three daughters, and I didn't think about him, but this movie made me think about him, and I think you're the best wife in real life
10,Aside from the subject of cars, it's a movie that touches my heart and just makes my heart throb! This movie, which was created with the great acting of the two actors, will really remain in my heart for a while!!There are only a few movies that I have watched more than two times while paying for it, but I think I will watch this movie one more time 7000 RPM
10,Met Damon's chewing gum is so cool
10,It's the best trip of the year
9,Even people who don't know much about cars can enjoy the movie with the passionate racing scene and the good performance of the main characters
10,It's really fun. Met Damon, you look cool even when you get old. ㅠㅠ
8,Throughout the movie, it reminds me of the current Ferrari and Ford of 2019. And the 1966 Ferrari is so sexy.
10,I watched it without thinking, but it was fun
10,
9,Why are you saying hello?
10,"Son of a Bitch" a strong compliment, not a curse
10,It's so absorbing that I don't know how time flies. Watch out for driving after watching the movie
10,There's a guarantee that you'll see it with Matt Damon, Christian Bale, but there's no reason not to see it.
10,It made me feel like I was in the car. Make sure to watch the movie that made me laugh and crySee you twice!
10,a fast, strong, exhilarating film
10,Two actors and great acting...Two hours flew by!
10,Hurry up and go to the movie theater when you hesitate.It's a piece that can be accepted even if it's over 10 million
8,The end of the drive story that men would like is too bad ㅜㅜ
10,It is a rather long running time for a movie, but due to the actors' enthusiastic performances, the immersion of the play is good and the racing feeling is so real that it would be great to see it in a 4D format. After the last highlight, there was a sense of frustration about what it would have been like if the movie had been wrapped up in a pleasant atmosphere, but since it was a movie based on a true story, additional epilogue (slightly depressing) was also needed. This movie is definitely imprinted on my memory. Ford = USA, Ferrari = Italy ...^^;
10,
10,It's so much fun. It's so much fun. It's so much fun
10,I'm listening to the OST There are too few theaters! Don't you want to stretch?
10,I didn't expect much, but I lost track of time. The analog emotional action is cool.
10,I think it's one of the few movies that adults can enjoy and show off their directing and acting skills
10,Wow, I lost track of time.^^
10,
2,I don't understand why it's over 9 points...
10,I thought the title would be fun
10,Before I booked the movie, I was worried because I heard that the running time was 2 hours and 30 minutes, but I lost track of time It's been a long time since I've thought that Matt Damon and Christian Bale led the film and made it so well
10,Best Director, Best Film
10,Why did I cry so much every time I put up 7000 rpm? Why is Christian Vale so cool?Every line is a wise saying.
10,
10,I watched it early in the morning and it was so much fun
10,A must-see movie if you're a speed maniac. There's a funny point in the conversation that actors have, and the story and the ending are not too obvious and pretty good
10,I could feel many things while watching a movie.Ferrari and Ford really think differently about cars.
10,I thought it would end with a happy endingI got goosebumps because I was running at 7,000 rpm Because the end was reality ㅠㅠ
10,This movie is not just a racing movie. It is a documentary movie. I really lost track of time. For those who didn't see it, make sure to watch it!
7,The chemistry between the two is worth seeing, and the Gyeongju scene is the best
10,The combination of Matt Damon and Christian Bale...I trusted it and watched it, and it was the best.
10,
10,I'm glad that I didn't watch Jumanji. It's really the best. ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch Joomanji. I thought it was a movie that maniacs watch, but I really enjoyed it.
10,That's cool!If you're a man, let's go!
10,You expressed the exhaust sound that touched my heart. I want to buy a Porsche
10,Both action and emotion are very satisfactory. This year's number one movie! Make sure to watch it
10,Make sure to watch it. You don't The acting story is making me nervous
8,I didn't expect much, but I enjoyed it
9,It's not Ford, it's Ferrari
10,It's fun. I want to watch it again
10,Best immersion movie I've seen recently in theaters~ Scenario, directing, acting skills, and message are all perfect
10,
10,Irregularities can't put passions to rest forever, but they can make them fall asleep quickly.
10,A movie that makes 152 minutes feel like 15 minutes. I strongly recommend it. (I just watched a movie and left a comment.)
6,Am I the only one who got tired of it ㅜㅜ I was looking forward to it but I kept looking at the clock when it would end..
10,The best movie of 2019. Fantasy!
10,A movie I want to see again. The most interesting movie in recent years.
10,Christian Bale looks like a real racer. Ford and Ferrari? I watched it without any expectation because I thought it would be a typical American corporate celebration of my country. Making a completely authentic story into a movie. Christian Bale's acting was amazing. I think I should watch the movie again in 4DX.A movie that's 100% willing to watch at the theater again!
10,
10,Wow... How can such a good movie be buried because there are no movie theaters? It's really exciting and touching and love.I loved the action of the car with all the friendship
10,The sound was so rich that I lost track of time Ford CEO has a lot to say
10,While I was watching, I felt like I was sitting next to me on the track, and whenever I heard the sound of sweat in my hands and the sound of the car, I got goosebumps all over my body. 2 hours and 30 minutes go by really fast. Even my girlfriend, who is not interested in cars, is so immersed that she asks if it is based on a true story. I strongly recommend it!
10,
6,A capitalist society where pure people always lose out.The story is a bit slow, so it's a bit boring.  If you exclude family members, you'll be more competitive in terms of movie time and story
9,Even if you don't know a single car, it's fun and time flies.It's a movie that lasts more than two hours, but it's not boring.I strongly recommend it
10,In those days, Ferrari's attitude toward cars and drivers is only natural that it has become the world's best car brand.
10,I almost criedLOL
10,
1,Totally boring. It's understandable that there's no theater, and there's no audience at least.Ratings are part-time.
10,It was the best movie of the year.
10,Time went by so fast because it was so fun. It's a masterpiece this year.
10,It was so much fun It was so much fun even if I didn't know the car I think my husband will like it more
10,Thrill is the best. Ford is the image of OOO. It's not the car I don't want it.
10,
10,I definitely saw it in 2D, but I can feel the vibration of the car engine shaking like 4D. I could feel extreme happiness together and my heart was pounding. a film that has been a good inspiration
10,It's a long time ago, but I enjoyed watching it because it has a story and car racing fills the screen. The 150-minute running time wasn't boring at all.
10,It's my first time hearing the car sound and feeling the shudder
10,I lost track of time  It's fun.
10,I want to see another good movie
10,This is the movie! Ford almost burned me to death
10,I really enjoyed watching it.It was impressive to see them solving difficult situations together to achieve one common goal. In some parts, I was sad, but of course, the actors' acting was good, but it was more touching because it was a movie based on a true story.
10,Christian Bale's acting is really crazy. I was so immersed!
10,
10,The speed of falling in love with a 7,000-rpm movie The speed of a 7,000-rpm movie was over two hours in a blink of an eye.
10,It's not a movie, it's a level of fraud, because the acting skills of the two great actors are worth the money, but they're fun If you haven't watched it, just go to the theater.Download it later and don't regret it
10,My heart is beating.It's the first time I've ever felt a thrill in a car
10,Wow... This movie is really... There was no time to be bored
10,The story is fun and it's easy to focus on
9,I don't remember exactly, but I think it was a line that said, "If you drive above 300 kilometers per hour, everything slows down and you can see it better," and it was good because it seemed to talk about life through literary and philosophical interpretation of the principle of relativity.
10,Make sure you watch it at the theater
10,This is what a movie is... If I pay 50,000 won and watch it again, I'll watch it again
2,The actors were great, but...If you're not interested in racing, don't watch itIt's the first time in my life that I fell asleep while watching a movie. (FYI, a movie buff)
10,I got goosebumps when I was in the race. If last year was Bohemian Rhapsody, I think this is it this year
10,
8,It has a retro vibe and story, but it lacks 2%
10,It's so much fun. Perfect It's too bad at the end 왜Why did I die?
10,Take out all the Jumanji Frozen screens and put Ford in.
10,
10,Wow, there's no need for words  Everything was perfect
10,It's so much fun. A movie that comes to mind on the way out
10,You'll find out why it's popular by word of mouth
10,It's fun, it's the truth of life. It's a great movie.
10,Be careful driving after watching.. Well-made
10,I should sell Ferrari
10,Instead of fancy racing like CG, it expressed two middle-aged men chasing the same dream and running toward their goals very well. In addition, it was touching to see companies that only pursue material aspects in competitive society and how they were happy while doing what they wanted to do without money.The acting was the best movie I've seen this year, with two proven actors and excellent production, really feeling like I'm in the '60s.
10,The best movie of my life
10,It seems like I met the best movie in a long time. I was worried about choosing a late night movie on Friday, but I didn't know I was tired at all! It's the best!♡
10,Must-see in the theater. Experience the engine world of RPM 7000. Encouraging life with dreams. The Ford Bureaucracy.
10,It was a two-and-a-half-hour movie!I found out from the comments that the acting in the movie was all good and I felt a lot of passion for one field
10,I've always had a hard time to time
10,A person who is immersed in anything is beautiful. And what he made is touching. When will Hyun-gi impress people?
10,I dare say that 2019 is the best.
10,
10,It's fun to be bored, but did Ford invest in this movie?
10,Technology, passion, speed, friendship, pride
10,Bale-hyung's time flies Make sure you watch it
10,It was so much fun even though I didn't know anything about cars! I suddenly chose this movie, but I complimented myself at that time
8,Bibi OOO should be hit
10,Movie time flies! This isn't about cars, it's about life ^^ Best movie of the year!!!
10,It's a pity that this great movie is less than a million
10,Full of content and thrills! Just being able to see the two great actors in one space is touching ^^
10,
9,I recommend movies that have good balance
8,The main character, not the car company, is a player
10,It was all the more fun because everyone did well and liked cars without any acting holes. Christian Vale is the best! I miss you again!
10,It's really fun. Really... It was the best movie I've seen this year Whether it's directing or acting, it's been a few days since I watched the movie I'm going to find the IMAX theater and watch it again crying
10,I didn't feel bored for 2 hours and 30 minutesIt's also fun to hold your breath while racing!
10,It's fun, but there aren't as many visitors as I thought It's a pity that a good movie is buried
10,
10,It's the best movie based on the car race.The image of a company stealing the glory of a racer for its own good.A racer who purely likes cars and enjoys racing.The image of a son handing over a spanner, a symbol of his pure father.I remember him running happily at 7000 rpm
2,I was so boredI'm not gonna look at you, no, no
10,The best movie of 2019... Fun, touching, and thrillingWhat movie do you want to watch?
10,It's a masterpiece that feels pathetic and compares to the domestic film industry, which is full of policy-promoting films
9,7000 RPM, 8000 RPM
10,I didn't know anything about cars, but I realized the human soul and didn't know how to shed tears. It's such a great movie.
10,It's going to be a movie of many people's lives
8,It's interesting to see Matt Damon's heavy middle-aged performance and Batman Christian Bale's conviction driver's performance. The confrontation between capitalists and believers and the content of his own self-control and restraint are impressive
10,I was so impressed that I came in to look at other people's reviews, and now I know for the first time that the running time of the movie was 2 hours and 30 minutes. I'm surprised to tell the running time to someone I've watched with; I didn't know the time went by that much!If you like cars, make sure to watch it. If you don't like it,Haha
10,I slept and it's funny
9,I almost did it with the CEO
10,It showed the generation with intense aspiration and the older generation who tried to lead change in their own way.
10,I just saw it and it's so much fun. I was going to watch Frozen 2 twice, but I saw Ford. I'm glad I saw this
8,What a vicious Ford company!
10,
10,I was so excited that I was watching "Don't know nothing about cars! Best Movie of the Year
10,Make sure to watch it in the theater before you go down!
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year. That long time flew by
9,It's not a masterpiece, but it's a masterpiece. You're good at action and directing. I didn't know Le Mans 24 was such a popular race, but it has a well-organized structure that can handle not only racing but also the story behind it. Due to the nature of the story, the family story, which plays separately, is also painted in camouflage colors and inserted similarly, and there is plenty of room for empathy.
10,I watched it while listening to my son's explanation. It was so funny, and I was so sorry that my pure passion for capitalist commercialism was trampled on, and my acting was so good that I didn't even know it was Christian Bale.I liked them all
10,If you really enjoyed it, Christian veil is the best
9,It's not that fancy, but the storytelling and directing are all covered
9,A wonderful life for those who left after achieving their own show against the unjust power of their superiors.
10,Fun! Best movie of the year
10,I really enjoyed it It's an audience.
10,Just watch it. It's so much fun
10,In the end, Ferrari is Ford
10,I don't need anything else, but I want you to think about how Bale played Ken Miles, who is already dead.
10,Ford was then and now focused on production
10,Good, good, fun. It felt short time
10,I'm not interested in cars and I don't even have a driver's license. I enjoyedㅜㅜ Make sure you watch it
10,You did a great job.I went around all day and watched it at 9:30pm.It was late and I was tired, so I felt like I was going to doze off, but my heart was pounding and I held my hands tightly like a horror movie.It's been a while since I watched a movie.You're making me search again when I get home
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen this movie?
10,
10,
10,
10,Two and a half hours went by so quickly. I really enjoyed it
10,Watch it in the theater. Look twice. This is real. If possible, take a quick look at the racing stories of the time, the United States and Europe, and then watch the movie. The emotion will double.
8,It's a good movie to refer to NAVER's ratingI think it'll be more fun if you have prior knowledge of Le Mans^-^
10,Like the best movie engine of 2019, my heart was pounding
10,If I were to express their friendship figures, wouldn't it be 7,000 rpm?
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I'm so thankful that I can see such a good movie at the end of the year
10,There's a lot of tension. Above all, you can enjoy the OOO flag of the veil
10,I was wiping my sweat on my hands.
10,
10,A movie that would be good for many entrepreneurs to watch, I have also changed my mindIt's a true story like a movie with lessons and touching moments
10,The car can speak of the action itself
10,The magnificent noise and violent vibration of 7,000 rpm are intense and beautiful.
10,The actors' great acting, engaging production and screenplay. It was the best movie ever!
10,Wow... It's my first time writing down my GPA For 2 hours and 30 minutes, the time went by so fastㅠㅠㅠㅠ The actors' acting was amazing and I was busy cheering for the main characters while watching the movie, and I had no time to miss the tension... It's really fun It's a shame that it didn't air a lot, but I recommend that you go to the movie theater and watch it before it ends I didn't expect much, but I think this is the real action I am a very emotional person, but I was moved and even cried after watching this movie. I think that's enough reason to watch a movie! I hope you all watch it! ㅠㅠ Ha
9,Except for the title, it's a great movie!
10,
8,I was so nervous and had a lot of fun watching it. There is no violence or racy, and it is thrilling and pleasant enough. The speed, the exhaust sound of the car, the sharpness of the body, and the friendship between the two are so cool and creepy. If there was no sweet potato at the end, I would have given 10 points and downloaded it and kept it, but the end is too bad...I guess it couldn't be helped because it's a real story, but I'm going crazy in 4D
10,I dare say it's the best movie of the year.
10,I'll remember 7000 rpm.
10,I'm looking forward to seeing a racing movie for the first time in this year. Well-made movies or movies that people might not like... So I don't think there's a lot of people.  You don't have to know racing, but reading Le Mans 24's basic rules for a minute would help a lot.
7,Was my expectation too high?It's based on a true story, but it's not easy to empathize. It's a little boring.However, it seems to be okay only to show the speedy car racing scene and the friendship between the two men who love cars purely.
10,Wow, seriously, directing, acting, story, video, nothing lacking, crazy. This is the best movie of the year. Don't worry about if I'm racing. Just go watch it right now. You have to watch it at the theater to make it real. It really doesn't linger
1,It's so boring. Don't fall asleep a waste of money
10,I liked Matt Damon, so I went to see him.I should've seen Max in 4D ㅠㅠ Regret...I'll see you again
10,Log in for the first time. It's such a great movie that it's called my life movie. The excitement of racing, the sound, the storyline, the acting, the social satire and the accusation... Everything is in harmony.
10,Best movie I've seen this year. I've never seen such a cool racing scene
2,Perhaps because it is a movie-making story, the beginning part is so boring that it makes me sleepy. Overall, the movie is cliche. A heroine who was only worthy of seeing Bale's acting
10,No, this is so much fun. I fell in love with it Make sure to watch it. No matter what
10,I've never left a mark in my life, but I should.I was moved all the time when I watched the car, which contains life as well as racing.
7,The face of a cloth, Christian Vale
10,I can't believe this movie didn't win first place. That's more amazing
10,
9,Is this really a true story?
10,A movie that a man should watch
10,
10,A film that stifles and clenches your fists throughout the whole time. The running time of two and a half hours disappeared. It was the best movie I've seen this year. Finally, I say to all the political worms in the world. Screw you.
10,I love you, Matt Damon Christian Vale I'm going to watch it again
10,I remember car-crazy cargans rushing together with one goal and vision of winning the competition. It's so different from the corporate culture in Korea.
10,The ending is a bit disappointing. It would have been neat if you calmly expressed the death scene with subtitles. Other than that, I lost track of time and fell into it
10,It's really fun. Time flies even though it's a two-and-a-half-hour movie.It's not too much, but it has great action and detailed touching stories, so I really enjoyed watching it. I recommend this movie.
10,an unmissable trick
7,I also enjoyed watching this movie. I think it's a movie that you can recommend easily. Oh, it can be a little boring in the early and mid-term.
10,I lost track of time I don't miss any comic action story It's a movie that makes your hands sweat I strongly recommend it Make sure to watch it. I'm writing it because I just saw it
10,
10,
10,Wow, this is the first time I'm getting a rating. My husband and I thought about watching Frozen or Ford, and it was so much fun If you didn't want to waste money, 2 hours and 30 minutes are like 7,000 RPM
10,It's so much fun Look twice! Look three times!
10,
10,Among the movies I watched recently, if it's okay, I won't regret it
10,You can't do it because you're like this. The movie is fun. Ken's sad
10,A thrilling race! a suspenseful narrative A fine dinner with humanism and romance in between. It's a work that's hard to blame for its long running time.
9,I've seen it twice, but once on the OST, I was surprised by the details that I couldn't see at the first viewing. The rap time is a bit long, but it's a movie that I can recommend to people around me.
10,
10,The movie that lingers in my mind after I got home is the bestㅠㅠ I really want to get a driver's license
10,"What was the most interesting movie I've seen this year? She's not interested in cars, but she doesn't calm down after the movie, so it's fun a hundred times. I want a Ferrari
10,It's crazy. I can't breathe and my heart beats fast.I'm not interested in cars and even more interested in racing, but there was nothing wrong with feeling the movie. There are few movies I've seen in my life, but I think this is the best movie of my life.
10,It's crazy... It's a movie with joy, anger, sorrow, and joy.
8,A solid story. It is more interesting than Korean movies
10,
10,The story was so solid that I loved the actors' acting that I lost track of time without getting bored and lost track of time.
10,
10,I watched it because my husband liked it so much even though I didn't know and understand about the car, but 2:30 was not boring at all and it was fun.The acting video was the best. It was the most interesting movie I watched recently.It's going to be fun to watch again.
10,I enjoy watching it more than Avengers
10,A movie that left a lot of lingering emotions.RIP Ken Miles
10,
10,The most interesting movie I've seen this year
10,I thought it was a Ford movie, but it was a Ferrari movie
10,I love you 7000 RPM
8,Hello
10,As expected, Christian Bale...overwhelming
9,It was a long time, but I was immersed in it! I recommend it. ^^
10,
10,I love the scene where Jason Bourne and Batman fight like Boy Scouts. It's heartbreaking at the end
10,I love the scene where Jason Bourne and Batman fight like Boy Scouts. It's heartbreaking at the end
10,Great movie! Speed and friendship.
10,Jumanji, go away. You're not far away
9,Drama and entertainment have found a perfect balance. I'm glad that I saw a movie that doesn't miss the tension and interesting elements without sudden development after a long time.
10,People who like cars must see it
9,If you really love cars,
10,It's more fun than Frozen 2, which is a masterpiece
9,The last scene was disappointing, but I felt like I was racing the whole time
9,Have you ever been a racer?
10,The movie that I watched while my heart was pounding for several tens of minutes
10,It's a three-hour movie, but it's not boring at all
9,Time was faster than Ford and Ferrari
10,Beginners sometimes don't know how to do it
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie that makes my hands sweat
10,The Ford Ferrari theater and the time are running out, and this year's best movie is 152 minutes away
9,Very good true story based movie, with everything from humor to genre fun
10,I didn't expect much. I just liked the car and it was so much fun I've lost track of time. One tip is to go to a very good theater with a good sound Normal theaters have a weak sound, so the exhaust and engine sounds are weak
10,7000 RPM Fun
8,I almost bought a car. Phew
10,Masterpiece, masterpiece, masterpiece, masterpiece
10,This is a movie... Let's bow in the direction of Hollywood
8,I really enjoyed it! The lace scene was expressed realistically, so the stress was relieved. It's worth seeing
10,7000 RPM Heartbeat Movie
10,Wow, it feels like I'm sitting in the passenger seat of a racing car
10,It's really fun. It felt like watching Interstellar while watching car racing
8,The acting and racing scenes of the two actors were fun
10,The sound of an engine that makes your heart race!
5,It's worth watching. It's a bit boring in the middle, but it goes by quickly. Christian Bale's expression when he was driving was really cool. But are Ford executives and employees really that shape? It's like looking at Korean politicians.
8,It's obvious, but it's fun. Whenever the exhaust sound is high, the tension in your hand becomes tense
9,It's been a while since I watched a really fun movie I strongly recommend it!
10,Wow, as expected, you can't fool the ratings. It's really fun. Honestly, I thought the preview would be boring, but there were a lot of positive reviews, so I watched it. It was more touching because it was a true storyAs expected, I was sick of acting crazy with actors 개 It's so much fun
10,I lost track of time and my immersion is the best. Make sure to watch it!
10,a man's life in real life
10,Even for me, who is a woman, my heart is pounding. Your wife looks cool when she's purely cheering. Being able to live hot while doing what you want to do makes you think about the word dream in the hearts of people who give up their major, compromise, and live according to reality.
10,The sound of the engine made me sick
10,
10,I watched it without much thought, but I got goosebumps. After the movie, I remember the 7,000-mile line. The ending of the main character ㅠㅠ I didn't want to win, but I was in a race. I'm tearing up in my heart. And CGV, I guess you're changing theaters I heard it changed to a laser tube, but the sound of the engine rang, so I was very immersed in the second half of the race
10,I really lost track of time. I understand a little bit why Europeans are crazy about f1
10,My 7000 RPM makes me think about something I lost track of time It's a movie that leaves a deep impression.
10,
10,All I can say is that you're the best.It's just the movie of my life movie!
10,Love, touching, family, freedom. The good emotions that people should feel in their lives were well melted into the drama. I learned a lot, and I really enjoyed it.
10,I saw you five days ago, but I went to see you again with my family
8,
10,It's a movie that I've been listening to. It can be sad.
10,That's awesome... The best masterpiece!!! Two and a half hours feels so short.
10,The story and acting are in good harmony.
9,I was dragged by my husband and I held my crying husband's hand.
10,I think it's been a while since I watched a good movie
9,I watched it without anticipation, but I cried at the end. The funny scenes in between were fun and I watched the movie with nervousnessThe most interesting movie I've seen recently!The movie that makes me respect the passion of those two!I want to say something, but I think I know that no word will match
10,At the end, the main character disappears in time and space to meet at 7,000 rpm
10,There's a thrill of being in a real racing stadium.
10,I recommend a great movie
9,I want to drive
10,It was a thrilling and fun movie
10,I'm in my mid-40s. I know when to slow down.I really wanted to cry at the end, but I managed to hold it in and cried my eyes out the next morning when I washed my hair.
10,"Interstellar" and "The Dark Knight" became one of my favorite movies
10,It was the most interesting movie I'
10,
8,The first hour and a half is boring.
10,a two-and-a-half-hour film
8,Is Christian Bale the most handsome actor I've known? He's acting so shamelessly.The movie marked a milestone in the bed ending because it was so flattering after the race.But doesn't Ford have a marketing team? It's very generous of you to have this movie screened.
10,It's lively and it's so immersive!After the movie, I was so nervous that my shoulders hurt.Haha
10,It's worse than funah ah
10,I'm sure it's not worth the money in a recent movie
10,Run! The sound of the engine lingers. Good
10,The racing is breathtaking. At first, I thought it was a Ford beautification film, but it's full of scathing criticism.
10,
10,After watching the movie, I was deeply moved and I asked myself a question It was a movie where I could find the answer to how much longer I would run for my dream without hesitation
10,Come on, Matt Damon! Of course, it's the best drive movie! But since I was nervous for a long time, I was tired...
10,I'm adding a movie of my life today.Thrilling and touching throughout the movie.It's about life.
8,If you don't look forward to it and watch it, you'll enjoy it.It worked out well considering the running time was very long!
10,It's just so much fun. The long running time isn't boring at all
10,
4,It's kind of boring for me. Fun is kind of
10,I just saw it with my wife and time really flies It's fun.
10,A movie that makes you feel like you're going to become a mythomaniac
10,As anyone who has seen the movie knows it's Ford versus Ford or Shelby, not Ford versus Ferrari, it's a movie that makes you think once again that in many of our places the real enemy is inside.
10,It's perfect. I'm touched.I am not sad but I am crying.As someone said earlier,I don't need background music.The exhaust sound is over.The camera techniques are amazing.The movie goes by like 7,000 rpm.
10,It's a perfect movie, acting, story, and video. It's crazy...
10,
10,I think it has an American vibe to it. I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It's dangerous to drive right after watching this
10,
10,I really enjoyed it. The two leading actors were great and the story was great
10,
10,The movie that makes my heart race. Very satisfied
10,It's a movie that reminds us of men's dream of manual gear. The next vehicle is manual.
10,
10,I know everything, but I'm so immersed in it. The actors' acting was so real that it was so much fun to watch.
10,Acting, immersion, and video are all good
1,Even the worst plot ending is obvious, recommended for people who want to throw their money on the ground
10,Director, story, video, and OST. I especially like the OST
10,Watching the movie made me think seriously about whether I was living my life like Ken, Carol, Enzo Ferrari or Ford.
10,2 hours and 30 minutes... The tension and immersion are no joke
10,
10,It was so fast and fun
10,It's so tense that my heart is about to pop out of my mouth and the story is solid
8,It might have been because I didn't expect it, but it wasn't a waste of money if I used a really old 1950s-60s car to give me enough speed and fun
10,It was a good movie that I saw this year.
8,The director of IDENTITY, Wolverine, Logan. - The title was childish, so I didn't want to watch it, but I watched it. I really enjoyed watching it.
10,
10,Frozen is over 11 million and this great movie is 680,000 right now. Who controls the box office, the audience or the distributor?
10,A famous line from the movie. "Too many cooks spoil the broth"
8,It's very fun~~
10,It's amazing. It's fun. lol
8,The two actors who looked forward to it so much
10,The reason why Ferrari stays in my memory for a long time
10,It's a movie that makes me shy to say that I work for a car company. I need to study more
10,I didn't know that the running time was this long until the movie was overI'm so happy that two masterpieces from Ford v Ferrari and Knivesout came out at the end of this year
10,My car exploded too slow, a movie that makes me want to change my car
10,
10,I didn't know about the car, but it was fun
10,
10,Best. My heart was about to explode the whole time I watched it
10,This movie reminded me of my work life first.
10,I agree with you that it's not when you watch Frozen Speed and emotion. I've been focusing on the whole movie
10,
9,The Le Mans racing scene is a great scene.I'm sorry to hear that.
9,The engine sound was the best
10,Wow, this is the best movie of the year. Matt Damon Christian Vale makes me happy, and it's a great production
10,The story was good, the acting and directing were great. It was so much fun
10,It's touching. The movie you have to watch at the movie theater.
10,
8,Type 2 movie that makes my feet go up and down
10,Reflect on Korean films that feature only political antics and common romance comedies. Exclusive screen problem? Who are you making fun of? A movie that's like a pearl in a pile of trash videos!
6,Except for the last part, if it was too boring, did you expect too much?
10,It's been a while since I've gotten 10 out of 100. It's thrilling to keep
10,Logan doesn't disappoint either (except Dublin)
10,
10,It's touching and it's so much fun!
10,It's been a while since I saw this
10,
7,It's not bad It's worth watching
10,I enjoyed watching it without getting bored. The son who likes cars also enjoyed watching it for a long time
10,I showed it to my parents, and they said it was fun. I'm going to watch it, too
10,I think it's the best movie of the year
10,There is nothing to skip from beginning to end
1,I woke up from a good night's sleep, but there was an hour left, so I just came out
10,
10,
8,It's a war! Starting with "Beat Ford" and coming out of favor with Ford. Miles is the best
10,I hope you watch it's so touchingThe Best Movie of 2019
10,When I saw Christian Bale's facial expression at the end of the day, my eyes got teary.
10,I've never left anything like this before. It was so much fun. I want everyone around me to see it.crying
10,This is the best movie ever
10,It was really touching. ♥ 152 minutes was like 100 minutes. It wasn't long, and it was so fun and touching.Thank you for making a good movie^^
10,I'm so happy to be born in the era of 4d screenX.I can't forget the goosebumps when we hit 7000 RPM.
10,It's a great movie Korean movies need to reflect on themselves. This is a real movie...
10,It is true that racing is a fairly minor field in Korea. My taste is also not a major field such as military, racing, or history, so it was difficult to recommend the movie to others with confidence no matter how impressive it was. But Ford v Ferrari is different. The directing was not lacking at all as it was set in more lie-like events and interesting life stories of other characters than lies on the "La Sart" circuit, where the actual Le Mans 24 o'clock match took place. Acting also requires no words. You can see Christian Bale and Matt Damon's amazing performances that infuse soul into their roles. The story is also in line with what was mentioned in the directing part. This movie has quite a long build-up, but it's never boring unlike other movies. The build-up, which ups and downs the audience, eventually overwhelms the audience as it reaches the climax of the last Le Mans 24 o'clock match. Looking at the beauty of the video, the cornering is also as immersive and realistic as possible at the largest racing site on the ground, which exceeds 100km/h. The camera runs on the road at the speed of the car. Lastly, he's faithful to the OST. It melts into the video so well that it is not aware that there is background music, creating synergy with the exhaust sound of the vehicle, and providing a tremendous thrill.
10,I was so nervous It felt like I was Ken Miles I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently Make sure to watch it!
10,The title is wrong. It should have been named like the legend of your fall.A wonderful story of two men and the hot people around them.Even his wife and son are cool. Sinpa, no, no, no, no. It's very light, but it'
9,It could be boring, but it's great at directing videos
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie.We encourage you to watch it in theaters!The contents below are omitted hahaha
10,Ferrari wins...
10,One thing money can't buy is to win a man's heart
10,It's my best movie of the year
10,I don't need to say anything I just saw. If it's acting, if it's acting, if it's story, it's going to be awesome
10,It was so much fun^^I watched it today and I can tell you that it is a movie that anyone who likes cars must watch^^
9,This movie is so awesome. I'm sorry for the audience
8,The beginning may be a little boring, but just looking at the cheerful sound and the car race video was enough to pay for it at the theater.
10,It was the best movie I saw this year.
10,As expected, Matt Damon. Just...I didn't expect anything, but I don't know how two and a half hours passed, and the acting and emotional lines of Matt Damon and Bale are touching.
10,If I hadn't read a blogger's review, I would have missed this movie. It's a sad movie because it's not promoted well compared to Frozen. Ken Miles's too-pure passion for racing and cars took to heart Friendship with friends...
10,Loyalty and friendship...the ugliness of company executives
10,2 hours and 30 minutes passed in an instantaneously. I'm so into it. Regular movies can be a little boring at this time, but this movie wasn't like that at all. The story was highly probable and full of suspense and thrills. And the sound is amazing. You must watch this movie in the theater. I'm totally overwhelmed by the sound when I watch it in the theater. It's the ecstasy itself. I'm a person who doesn't know anything about real cars and anyone who doesn't really know cars could enjoy it. I really recommend it.
10,The best movie! A really fun guy
10,I really lost track of time I think people who don't know much about cars will enjoy watching it The sound is magnificent, so it's very immersive
9,It would have been better if Bale's acting was too much, except for a few scenes, but it was okay
10,
10,Christian Vale is crazy. I watched it more thrilling than the actual racing
10,Type 2 is a boring movie
10,
10,It's a two and a half hour movie, but there's no boring part. It's been a while since I watched a fun
9,Jason Bourne and Batman are the best actors I've ever seen
10,Two and a half hours will pass quickly. I really enjoyed it.
10,It was so much fun. There was a hero
10,I don't know much about cars, but I can feel the speed of cars and it's based on a true story, so if it's so good, it's a movie full of emotions and thrills!
10,You're so good at acting. It's fun
10,It's a masterpiece that I haven't seen in a while. I can't express it I think there is a lack of any expression.
10,America's greatness and the resemblance of the last real person and Christian Bale are astonishing
10,
10,The script and directing are all crazy. Best movie I've seen this year.
10,At 7000 RPM, men clap in 10 minutes
10,You don't know anything about cars or racing, but you can enjoy it. It is exhilarating to see you head-on through countless crises with outstanding wit
10,
9,a heart-warming movie If you like cars, you must watch it!
10,I found myself searching for Ford v Ferrari even after the movie. If you don't do what you have to do, you'll be infested with the pure passion of the craftsmen who go crazy. In addition, I think about what I have to do.
10,Cooler movies when changing gears and speeding up, life curves are deep, and it's a good work that shows the difference between working-level officials and managers in the organization ^^
10,Enjoy watching for 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,Whether it's a saga, a non-fiction, or a fiction, the thrilling run of innocence is even touching!
10,
10,This movie is rated out of 10 and applauds the actors for their acting
10,The movie that became one of my life's movies!
10,I felt sorry that stubbornness without compromise could sometimes lose the opportunity to show my ability, but it was all the more pathetic because it was a true story.It was a surprising twist and I was touched.
10,Personally, Joker was below my expectation, so I want to choose the best movie of the year
6,I'll help you if you're thinking about watching or not. There are many reviews saying that it's a running time and you can't feel it. I can feel how long it is.You can tell from the masterpiece of Interstellar. This is not that great, and there were a lot of people who checked it in time. It's easy when we race, but the acting that we feel is the eyes and humanism. Stories and actors are good, but they're not at the level of a masterpiece. I felt that if you play them on OCN, you'll be able to watch the long running time. There was also a feeling of teasing the American national pong and the Italian Ferrari. Ferrari is cool for everyone, but the main character of this movie is Ford^_^ If you're watching a movie with someone you dated in the early days of your relationship, I don't recommend it! If you like humanism because of the human virtues of the characters here, I recommend it. If you're looking forward to action, if you want no humanism, yes
10,It's a masterpiece. I'm satisfied with the directing, acting, and filming.
10,The best movie to wrap up this year is a movie that gives me goosebumps and shakes my heart just by the car exhaust sound and the actors' acting.
10,It's fun if there's no time to be bored
10,Honestly, it's my first time leaving a review after watching a movieIt's been a while since I focused on the whole thingI only have a license, so I don't think I've been behind the wheel for 24 hours.I didn't think about the Grand Prix, the F1, and frankly, how much effort they needed, how much risk they had, and how much risk they had at every moment, but I just thought they were driving in driving. I thought it was a competition for rich people, but even if the heart beats more than 110bpm, the hospital is considering whether to administer drugs.Driving at the risk of his own life.Also, with this movie, I learned how many people's hands go through until a car is made and how we can use it comfortably after trial and error.I've come to realize that there's nothing that's not worth thinking about.The immersion was so great that I couldn't take my eyes off the Ford vs Ferrari heart that I couldn't take my eyes off.Of course, it's my personal preference.It's a movie that makes you ask again if you're doing what you do best and what you like the most.Let's give a round of applause to the actors!I recommend it. It's been a while since I've been fully immersed! "Hello". I heard that, tooHaha
10,Not Ford vs Ferrari, but Racing vs Capitalism Fight, just as Enzo Ferrari greeted Ken, I want to greet Ferrari
10,This year's best movie, "The Man from the Heart," is not about squeezing tears in the mass-produced form, but about the heart-throbbing feeling.I'm definitely going to watch it again on IMAX
10,It's my first time using it It's really fun Make sure to watch it
10,It's a real art movie that shows each character's attitude towards life
10,Make sure to watch it! It's really hard to writeI've had a lot of hard work these days, and I've been in a state of mental breakdown, but this movie has been completely restored.  It is the top of the movies I have seen in my life.  It's up to you to watch it or not, but make sure to watch it~ It's my first time leaving comments this long. (Thank you Ken Mild)
10,
9,Overall, it is easy to understand the relationship between Ford and Ferrari, and the actors' acting is considered to be a high-quality movie because it plays the character well
10,Christian Bale's acting was the best!
9,
10,I really enjoyed it When I was racing, I felt like my heart was racing fast
10,I want to run for 10 and a half hours instead of 2 and a half hours. It contains all the action, drama, history, message, and emotion. The Best Movie of 2019
10,I strongly recommend it! It's really really fun. It's so immersive that it doesn't feel long at all. It's sad that it's endingI'm happy
10,It's the best. Crazy movie.I miss you again.Time flies
10,It's so much fun!
10,Make sure to watch it! Time flies!
9,The best painting of the year.as if one's heart were going to explode
9,I thought 2 hours and 30 minutes would be boring, but it ended quickly. I don't know anything about cars, but I was nervous and had funYou really have to watch this. There are two actors you can trust and watch, so you don't regret it
10,It's so sad that this got buried because of "Frozen"
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year
10,The acting is really!!! Among the movies I watched this year, I liked this movie the best with Joker.
10,It's as good as 7,000
10,I was looking forward to it because you said it wasn't fun
10,7,000 rpm, the engine noise that separates the loud noise relieves my stress.
8,In the beginning, I was able to solve the boredom with lace by dragging the story, and I was so immersed in the movie that I was watching while I was talking about the vice president OOO gangster
10,It's a movie that really enjoys the acting skills, organized story, and directing of the two actors. To be honest, I think this movie is the one that loses the most to the monopoly of Frozen. Wouldn't Korean films have to release this much of a movie and say something painful to move the audience's I hope people in the movie industry will look at it and reflect on themselves
10,Masterpiece... I should watch it again
10,It's the longest movie I've seen this year. It's real
10,If "Running in Fury" is a variety show, then this is a well-made drama
7,A movie with a lot of American elements. It was cool, overwhelming, nervous, and sad.
10,I don't know car 1 and I'm not interested but it was so much fun. When I was racing, my heart was pounding and I lost track of time. It was a movie that made me want to work hard while watching this lethargic movie...  Make sure to watch it two or three times
10,The Best Movie of 2019
9,I made a wrong title. It's a movie that has to be viewed from a different perspective because Ford and Ferrari's confrontation is not real, but if you get caught in the title, you can't help but watch it as boring. It may be an effective title for marketing, but think about the viewer's position!!!!
10,For the first time in my life, I have a rating.It was so much fun
10,Park Pyung Sik got 7 points. I think I'm looking for 7 points. That's the end of course
10,December 13, 2019 17:20 Lotte Cinema 2 hours and half passed like 30 minutes...
10,It's more fun than I expected. Good good
10,Make sure to watch it! It's thrilling, fun, and touching^^
10,It was really fun. act and tell a lot
7,I feel like I'm into self-supremacy, but it was unrivaled in the racing scene
10,It's a great movie, and if Ken Miles was a little bit ahead at the end...
9,Pure souls feeding old bureaucrats.I've never liked a car movie like Macho Pil-style, but this movie is different.
10,It's fun even if you don't know much about Vale Scene racing or cars, and you're thrilled by the sound of the engine and the excitement of racing.And although the top-down decision-making centered on executives in companies remains severe in the past, the frustration and regret of that time remains even more lingering.
10,I didn't know that action movie would be my life movie.It's so funny.
10,Best movie I've seen this year!
9,I enjoyed it. Your acting is no joke
10,You can see why Encho Ferrari won't take over Ford He's not an engineer, he's a merchant, so when I saw him pay homage to Miles at the end, the real villain was Ford, and I cried
10,The Feast of Motor Sports Based on a True Story
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch it I want to get a driver's license
10,Bourne and Batman, who I like, were in one place, acting, script, and directing. It was worth watching^^
10,It's a masterpiece. It's one of the top three movies of the year
10,I can see why the engine is driving me crazy
10,The best rap time of 2019 is 3:17.297, but in the 60s, that rap time is a legend... After watching the movie, there is a thrill in the movie that I can't feel my car shifting at 6,300 rpm...
10,This is what makes your hands sweat!
10,Wow! After the year-end party, I was told to do the second round with the team, so I thought of watching the fastest movie time. I didn't know what it was. I just knew that a famous actor would come out. Wow!Crazy!!! This movie is really crazy to the point where I feel pathetic in the past to not recognize such a masterpiece. I'm a person who worries about going to the bathroom if the running time is long, but I really focused on watching it without any of that. Christian Bale and Met Damon's performances are truly inexplicable and they are both trustworthy. And I'm going to watch it again tomorrow!
10,It was so much fun and I lost track of timeI think this is what movies are likeIt's the best
10,My eyes are so clean...
10,
10,No... There's nothing missing. Wow... This is the movie. All Korean filmmakers must have died. It's a wall of the world
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year!
10,There's nothing missing Make sure you watch it in the theater or you'll regret it
10,It was a movie that felt short for 2 hours and 30 minutesI'm going to go watch it one more time ^^
10,Two and a half hours are filled to the brim
8,Legendary car racing. Eyes and ears are in luxury. The chemistry between the two actors is a bonus.
10,The movie is crazy.You're the best
10,
10,I lost track of time
10,It was so much fun
10,Not "Frozen" but you have to watch this Guys
10,Just watch it no matter what. The best movie that makes your heart race
9,I watched it without much expectation, but it was so much fun! Now I watched it in fear of killing Ken Miles;; I went without looking at the movie information on purpose, but I was disappointed because it was a long time ago, but it was a long time ago, so old, but for a while! Even if you don't know much about cars, I enjoyed watching it The acting of the two main actors is also amazing. I think this is more fun than "Frozen" If you're an adult, look at this!
8,Ryan and Batman, Olman
10,Heart beating at 7000 rpm
10,I've been to Miles's race that I've never been to in my life
10,I saw the best movie before the end of the yearㅠㅠ You're the best
9,I think I've seen an interesting discovery documentary
10,It gave us speed and emotion
10,Everyone, it feels like I'm in a car after the movie. My cheeks are getting hot Look twice. Look three times
9,Time flies so fast even though the running time is long. Two men's pure passion for cars! I want to focus and see you again at MX theater.
10,No, I don't know what you're going to see?
10,For me, Christian Bale was Bruce Wayne and it was Bale who watched this movie. But over two and a half hours of running time, Bruce Wayne never came to mind. Can a movie like this come out in Korea?
10,The best! A movie that makes you feel stuffy!
10,A movie that makes you focus from the beginning
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie.Tea lovers shudder throughout their lives as if they were enjoying themselves
10,The best movie of my life
10,An exciting and boring movie. The casting of actors is amazing. It's so much fun!
10,A man would fall in love with this movie
1,Don't watch this
8,Confrontation of pride between the U.S. and Europe. Confrontation of capital and purity. Confrontation of speed and technology. Anyhow, a fun
1,Why is it rated high? It's really boring and boring. I always believe in my GPA
9,Full speed pauses, to look back at the race of life
10,The best movie of 2019!
10,How can a movie like this get the same ticket price as a domestic movie?We're going to get an Oscar next year.
10,It was the best. It was so much fun
9,Another aesthetics movie of racing. The transcendence felt when reaching the limit is well expressed in the competition scene in the theater.
10,You're the best, Matt Damon
8,The racing scene at Le Mans is the best
9,The boss called me fat
10,It's a movie that doesn't leave out any story or video. It was fun to watch the classic car and I was immersed in it because of the speed. Make sure to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,It's really the best movie of the year! Bale's acting is really ㅜㅜ the best!!!
10,Who gave this movie 8 points? Please recommend a movie. I wonder what movie you watched and if you can give me that score
10,
10,It's a movie that even people who don't know about cars get immersed!There was no time to get tired of the main characters' acting and cammy watching. I strongly recommend it!
10,That's one word. That's funny
10,
2,Excessive ratings... 7-8 is appropriate.2 points for rating adjustment
10,Movie of the Year...
10,It was so interesting that I didn't know when the long running time of two and a half hours passed. The story was so dense that there was no time to get bored. Matt Damon and Christian Bale's performance was also superb. It was definitely the best movie I've seen this year.
10,As expected, Hollywood movies! There's a reason why the two actors chose it! Matt Damon is good at acting, but Christian Bale's acting is amazing. It was a thrilling and impressive movie that didn't get boring for two and a half hours. The racing race was so cool and I could see the hot friendship between the two men Hah!
10,The reason to buy a Ferrari!
9,Encho Ferrari President Win!
10,It's a movie that even people who don't like cars can enjoy watching It's so fun that two and a half hours pass by quickly. The ending was really unfortunate, but it's sadder that this is for real
10,It's so real. GT40 and Ferrari's engine sound...Your heart will beat very fast and you will always taste adrenaline. A must-see movie!
10,A movie with a running time of 152 minutes that is not boring at all.The movie made it difficult for women who were not interested in cars or racing to hide their excitement.Story, directing, acting, and OST that adds movie taste. Among the movies I watched this year, I enjoyed it the most.And personally, I really liked the bromance of the two actors.
10,Ken Miles, who loves cars, is such a great movie
10,I don't know how long it's been since "Fast and the Furious" and "Fast and the Furious" movies. It's really fun It's not a waste to say that it's well-made.
10,
10,Wow, 2 hours and 30 minutes. Is that right? It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. I'm more touched that it's a true story because of the sound Ken Miles is so cool
10,It was a long time, but I couldn't feel a good time for the story.A movie with a lot of things to think about.I recommend it! It's the best!
10,It's so exciting to be able to do what you like. My heart is pounding
10,It's so much fun! Interesting!
9,The last Ken Miles race reminded me of Kim Dong-sung's angry run
10,At first, I thought it was about Matt and Christian playing Ford and Ferrari
10,It's just a life movie that anyone who likes cars must watch. That's a trick. I can't even express it in the comments. Regret if you don't see it
10,It was the most interesting movie I watched in 2019. A masterpiece!
10,I didn't know anything about cars, so I went into the theater and sat down, and it was a touching movie that I could concentrate and watch until the end! It's a movie that I want more screenings than Frozen 2. Recommend.
10,It was fun even after I slept in front of Solka for 30 minutes.
8,There's not much explanation about the Porsche that won the most wins at 24 o'clock in Le Mans, and it's kind of weird to treat Ferrari as the strongest player in Le Mans history, but it's based on a true story and it's fun
9,Good chemistry between Bale and Damon.God Christian Vale
10,Time flies with RPM7000 while listening to the sound of the engine that makes your heart race
10,IMAX, call me back, you guys
10,This is a movie. This is a man
10,I was forced to watch it, but I enjoyed it the most since the end game
10,Even after the movie, I can hear the engine sound in my ears.
10,The best car movie ever!
10,
10,A country where SUVs have taken over the road.It's a movie that's hard to get touched in a society where big things are always good
8,We raise our thrill rpm to the end.
10,It was a movie that I didn't expect much. I think it was a better movie than I expected I strongly recommend it to my acquaintances
10,Make sure to watch it. I don't know much about cars, but I really enjoyed it
10,
7,Personally, the movie wasn't that funny. I don't understand why the rating goes above 9. Is it because it's a true story?It's not that great in visual beauty and directing, it's not explosive, it's not a Cha Cha game, it's not easy to overtake, it's not thrilling, it's not just fun or boring to capture the problems of large companies. Old background but old beginning and old end.The cyber formula that I saw when I was young was more interesting
8,Very proper casting and great acting. It's a surprising story that it was a true story.
9,It was exciting and worth watching. Good, good
10,It was really fun. I was so into it that I lost track of timeI think it's the best movie of the year!
10,Please reflect on yourself while watching Korean movies. He's always sentimental. Anti-Japanese. Don't distort history
10,It's the movie of my life movie. If you don't watch it, you'll regret it.
10,I watched a perfect movie after a long time. Time.It was so much fun that I didn't know I was leaving
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year
8,I could see the strength of the race. But personally, I don't know who the main character is. Too many characters are close-up as if they are important. Fatherly love? Competition? Friendship? I hope we can move on with the small things. The reason why the early part is boring is that it deals with such trivial things importantly. My heart skipped a beat in the race.
10,It's been a long time since I saw an exciting movie. Perfect acting, directing, drama elements, etc
9,It was a long running time of 2 hours and 30 minutes, but it didn't feel long when I was immersed in the movie. After the 24 o'clock Le Mans competition, the scene of Ken Miles and Enzo Ferrari was impressive.
8,His acting was good, but the story wasn't that great
6,Screw NAVER's rating.
10,A racer who's a genius in the driver's seat, even though he's a fool to his family. The car is crazy good, but I felt depressed when I thought I should compromise with reality. It is a movie that shows "This is what life is like," and I loved the calmness of the main character and the absence of empty words in his lines.
10,
10,The action scenes aren't all about smashing
7,Sleep tight for about an hour and a half and watch it thenOr you can go home a little later
10,So funny. So funny. Much more alive than the acid. Willing to repurchase.
10,This movie is a must-see movie at IMAX. Not to mention the acting of the two actors you can trust, the racing movie has all the touching and lessons. I really recommend it!
9,So much fun... It's a real story, so the ending... I know I can't change it.Except for that... It's so much fun. It's so much fun even for a woman who's not interested in good tea.
10,I saw it at the company workshop, but I hope you watch it with the executives! I thought that people are the same even after time passesIt was thrilling and satisfying
10,It is one of my favorite movies. If you want to feel your heart full, watch it
10,I enjoyed watching it with a true story in the background.
9,Where is the distributor?This movie has nowhere to be seen.That's sad.
10,Just watch it. No words needed
10,I didn't have a movie to watch with my boyfriend, so I watched this. I wasn't interested in cars and didn't expect much, but I fell in love as soon as I saw it It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,have an indescribable charm
10,A great actor has a reason.The combination of the two actors, the story, the real speed, and even the touching...Thank you.
10,Top 2 movies of the year! Parasite and "Ford v Ferrari" must-see movies in theaters.Make it as big as possible!A movie you'll never regret.
8,It's like you're in a car racing, and you're full of great acting and excitement that makes you cheer for Uncle Christian. You're the best!
10,
10,Kei, in the middle of the song, "Kei, run over 7000 rpm from now on," she covered her mouth and shouted. Not to mention acting
1,LOL. How can you make this into a movie? I'd rather watch this than watch it 10 times and write a review
10,I watched it without much expectation, but I should go watch it again.Wow, that's awesome
10,Wow, it's been a while since I watched a really fun movieTwo and a half hours went by so quickly It's so much funI watched it with my girlfriend who didn't even know Avante, and she said it was so fun. I want to watch it again He's doing it
10,
8,It was impressive. I enjoyed it.
10,
10,
10,It's better than "Frozen"!
8,A film that stimulates a man's fantasy. Personally, I felt the thrill of speed that I felt in the glorious racer as a child. In a famous line, the CEO asked who won and told us the winner, and he smiled and said, "Sun of XX.
10,Right? Hello - I'm not the only one who heard?
10,a chilling engine sound
6,It's like a Ford propaganda film
9,The production was really good.
10,Before I watched it, I thought it was ridiculous what movie ratings are in the middle of 9. But after watching it, I'm looking up the Ken Miles story ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
9,I can't step on the accelerator. I can step on the pedal. ㅠㅠ
8,It was fun, but I was annoyed because the ending seemed to be over. I don't know what I'm trying to convey; the first hour is boring, but after the game, I'm nervous and immersed, and other than that...
10,I saw it yesterday and it's the best This is more like "Bosseng" than "Highly recommended Frozen"
10,It's been a long time since I last saw it. It's so touching ㅠㅠ It's more fun because it's based on a true story. It's even better because there's nothing new like a Korean movie.
10,Life's masterpiece. I don't know anything about cars, but it's a wonderful movie that makes my heart pound
10,compare human conflict and anguish to uncontrollable racing
10,Two and a half hours. The running time is 350 kilometers per hour. Best movie I've seen this year!
8,What I'm trying to say is simple. Ken Miles is a success. I had a good friend. He understands himself and has a loving wife. He carried out the car job he really wanted in his own way, and he tried harder than anyone else. He didn't try to impress anyone, he didn't bend his faith. I didn't live a life dominated by money. To carry out what you really want. That's a success.
10,It's a shame that she's competing with a stunning third-rate film like her.Korean movie directors, this is how movies are made ㅉㅉ
10,
10,
10,On the way home, boaaaaaaaaaaaa
6,Even though it's a long time, I dozed off and woke up to have fun
1,I don't know what movie I want to talk about That Matt and Christian are friends? You want me to look at it?
10,Make sure to watch "Go Down" at the movie theater. It's a really well-made movie that makes my heart race. I am a woman who loves Frozen, so I recommend you to watch this movie at the movie theater rather than Frozen 2.
10,Even if you don't know a car, it's a presence Make sure you watch it
8,the story of men who never lose
10,It is a movie where I want to give a perfect score to all the actors' acting, directing, story, visual beauty, and background music It was the best movie I've seen recently I really enjoyed watching it! 10 out of 10!
10,Watch the legendary movie based on a true story at 7000 rpm. Why did Carol Shelby say hello when she got off the plane and greeted the welcome?
10,I'm still moved. I'm thinking of going to see it one more time.
2,The snoring sound of the man in the back seat is more memorable
10,The inner portrayal and directing skills of racing scenes make your heart beat!
10,It's a masterpiece of bad luck hidden in the impossible Frozen.
10,
10,The story, the directing, the acting, every time I hear the engine sound, my heart beats. That's the movie
10,Even for me as a woman, it was a perfect movie, acting and directing that I could focus on for two and a half hours without being bored
9,You have to watch this in a real movie theater. It's like I'm driving a racing car
8,I think those who enjoyed Rush the Rival will be able to watch it. It's calm in the beginning, but later it's thrilling and video-like
10,
10,I'm going to buy a Ford
10,I lost track of time and my hands were sweating and it was so much fun
10,It's a perfect game. The two actors!
6,It's boring because it's too long.
10,There was also no shortage of directing, acting, story, visual beauty, and sound. It is more touching to see the title without any basic information.
8,The story of two men who love cars and don't have to work for the rest of their lives. The story is not special, but the acting was guaranteed and the directing of the racing was good. Especially, Perfect Lab
10,She doesn't know racing 1 and she doesn't have a license I didn't know, so I didn't look forward to it, so I was sorry that time went by What makes rich and powerful people angry is America in the 60's and Korea in the present...I don't know if it'll be different from now on.But I keep searching about Ken Miles
10,Best... I have to watch it again with my younger brother. Directing, visual beauty, acting, and lessons...
10,It was fun. I lost track of time and watched it while being nervous It's as touching as it's a true story.
10,The cast of the actors and the racing movie is surprisingly flawless.
10,Not yet... Not yet... Right now! Vroom!
10,I lost track of time and I was so immersed in it. Maybe that's why his last was more futile. The ending credit went up and the exciting music came out as much as the thrilling racing scene, but I was dumbfounded and felt heavy
9,Most people don't see it. You don't even know it exists. But it definitely exists.
8,It's thrilling and fun!
7,First... I hope those who like tea will choose. He's just fixing cars. Wow, it's cool to run. I spent time like this But still directing. It's boring because the actors' acting stands out.I didn't!
9,The racing scene is a movie that gives you a thrilling tension and the roar of the engine makes your heart beat
10,It was a movie that I was really immersed in after a long time.7000rpm
10,
10,He's so good at acting and he's so immersed in it!
10,
10,Met Damon Christian Bale's performance alone showed that the film could be more complete.
8,A leader who recognizes single-mindedness and potential
9,I enjoyed it so much. I'm a 4D mania, so it would have been nice to see it on FODI. It's cool that Ferrari acknowledged it, and it's cool that Ken is living his dream. The family who acknowledges me is really cool, and Shelby who supports me from behind is also cool. The ending is a bit sad, but it's a true story. But I enjoyed it.
10,I forced my friend to watch it because he didn't want to watch it, but I'm glad it was fun
10,It's fun, but I just hate Ford
10,The movie that inspired Ford to make a durable, high-performance engine that he did well all his life
10,I really lost track of time
10,Shelby: (staring at one spot as if chewing rubber clay) Chewing, chewing, chewing, chewing...
10,Before watching the movie, I thought it was Ford's success story, but after watching the movie, I found out why Ferrari was still number one
10,
10,A hidden masterpiece in a number of colorful films. .I miss you again :)
10,
10,
9,7,000 rpm. Batman forever
10,It's the best movie that makes my heart skip a beat and feel sadThroughout the movie, we cry - GFRIEND
1,I was fooled by the rating. It's not Lee Jung Don. Honestly, something worth watching as a time-out
6,Ford movie in the U.S. and Ferrari in Italy
10,I just saw it and came out. Wow... You hit a man in the heart
10,Just look at it on the big screen, no regrets
8,Is there anyone who likes to lose?There's no V
7,Typical American Praise Film. Racing is fun
10,
10,It's a good movie It's been a long time since I saw a well-made movie. The sound of the engine still makes my heart...Haha
10,A movie that expresses a man's wiggling desire well.It was a movie that brought out a man's emotion well^^
8,It was a movie that made my heart beat faster. I recommend the front seat. I think we didn't overreact and talked about it realistically.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie where time flies like this I enjoyed it so much!
10,I'm Type 2 but after watching this movie, I want to drive Type 1
10,The movie was good. Good
10,
10,The Fastest Man in the World
10,The death of Ken Mild, the last of the best films, is so sad
10,Batman's amazing acting skills
10,I was impressed by the movie, so I stepped on it at 7000 rpm when I went homeI almost crossed Dan River.
10,I thought I should watch it at least at the theater, and I watched two episodes. It was the best movie I've seen this year The racing is racing, but the lines that shake the hearts, and the actors' acting was more important than young Will Hunting. The acting was great. The acting was very, very, very upgraded with time. It was this year's movie that made me ashamed of my passion and heart warm with their friendship What's this touching feeling?
9,The casting is done These are Christian Bale and Matt Damon
9,It's not a fantasy even from the eyes of an engineer. It's an impressive movie
10,If you liked acting and directing, recommendations, recommendations, no regrets
10,It became one of the best racing movies
10,I love you at 7,000 RPM. Or more.
10,It makes my heart race. It's a movie that helped me find the excitement that I forgot
10,I want to race Reflect on Korean movies
10,The dignity of a successful man is not a problem if he loses a bet
9,Ken's facial expression checking the side mirror in the last rap. That scene keeps coming to mind
10,It was a movie that I watched without expectation, but 150 minutes is so short that it feels the immersion is the best.I'm just sad that it came out around the same time as the best movie of 2019 and Frozen.
10,an attractive film that attracts even those who are not interested in racing
8,
10,It's mandatory for everyone in a knife car
10,Matt Damon had to take Ford Seconds for another two laps
10,The price of Korean movies is very...It was so much fun
9,I didn't know that it was so cold that I had to go to the bathroom for 2 hours and 30 minutes, and that the romance of men was so extreme that if a child had a car fan temperament, the movie 24 Romang would get excitedG70 Stinger can't even give a business card. If the car runs for 3 hours, it will spread
10,I personally liked the 60's background of the movie that I must see in the theater
10,I definitely recommend it if it's a guy Really
10,It's a material that's hard to come out in Korea...  The stories of people who run for what they want to do.A man's dream is a Ferrari
10,I strongly recommend it. Go watch it
10,I'm reluctant to do action movies because they just run around, but I saw it as the closest time.The acting was good to melt into the real person, the editing and cutting timing were appropriate, and the probability was good.A good movie I haven't seen in a long time.Even if he wins the Academy Award for Best Editing.It's filled up a long time.
10,So funny ㅠㅠㅠ두You have to watch it twice. It's the most fun I've seen this year
9,I've been driving for eight years, and I've never wanted to drive a car LOL
9,Engine sound, powerful sound! In order to enjoy the story and Christian Vale's acting skills properly, you must enjoy them in the theater. If you do your best in one field, you will have the opportunity to shine someday, as the 10,000-hour rule is.
10,A really well-made movie! The last one was so sad.
10,I watched it with sweat in my hands I didn't know it was showing for two and a half hours
10,It's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun
10,It was so much fun, touching, and the best
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in 2019I'm not going to talk about this.
10,It was so much fun.I'm a minor, but I want to get a driver's license right away.
10,It's a movie I want to watch again.
10,Just watch, the engine keeps ringing
10,OO people don't see this. Watch it when you are in the movie theater. Don't regret watching it later on TV
10,Definitely the best movie of the year!Appropriate humor and humanism.I think the engine inside of me is still running.
4,Jumanji is more fun
6,It's not a car action movie. It's just a Ferrari essay. Would you know? If you like action movies, just watch Jumanji 2. I often see this essay-like movie from 2-3 years ago in foreign countries. But it was pretty good. It's because the last part is bitter. It's worth watching.
10,No music needed exhaust sound engine sound brake sound fills sound overflowing happiness
10,Watch this movie like crazy!
8,It's a true story, so it's uncomfortable, but it used the power of the true story to make a great use of it.
10,The acting story is amazing Make sure you watch it
10,
10,One of the few movies I want to pay more for.
10,I lost track of time. It was fun.
10,Wow, make sure to watch it I want to see it again
10,I watched it today, and it was so good. A racing scene that makes your hands sweat without any action scenes. His directing and acting skills are the best. I'm most satisfied with the movie I've seen this year.
10,Watch it in a regular theater on the first day and watch it again on 4dx the next day. Time flies! It's more fun because I know the next scene.
10,Thank you so much for watching this movie at the movie theater
8,I was overwhelmed by the speed and tension that made my hands sweat
10,Christian Bale ㅠㅠ The best!
10,
10,This is what a movie is like! I loved the great acting of the two main actors
5,It was a movie that my parents and I regret for those who don't like carsEven if you watch it again for free, it's Yeonhwa. My parents and I didn't enjoy it Only the racing man would like it
10,I watch this 100 times rather than watching "Kingdom of Modification"
10,If it was fun because I am a man who likes cars, it is a movie that anyone who likes cars can watch
10,After the movie, I found out that it was 2 hours and 30 minutes long.2 hours and 30 minutes passed at 7,000 rpm.
8,Everything is perfect. Life? Life? It's a short story.I have a lot of thoughts about the end of the year...
10,It felt like I was watching Bohemian Rhapsody again.There's a car in here, but. But that doesn't mean that this movie is worth watching.
10,If we feel unhappy, maybe the reason is because we die without knowing what we do and what we are happy. Isn't that why he can be proud that his life was a happy life, not a job for a moment but something he liked?
10,I'm sick of acting at the theater
9,It's a lot of visual beauty, acting, and fun
9,I remember 7000 rpm.In reality, I can't even use 3 rpm, but I'm satisfied with it.
10,
10,The best movie of 2019!What else do we need to say? Let's get hooked on the sound of Matt Damon Christian Vale engine exhaust
10,By the end of the movie, huh? I was like, "It's going to be over soon" and I was watching the time for an hour and a half movie. It's been two and a half hours and I'm shocked at the level of immersion and realism
10,American movie with great fun and masterpiece
10,That long time is not boring at all.It's a great movie that combines calm and speed
10,It's fun. Even back then, the Porsche car was pretty
10,
7,It's hard to be crazy about something.
10,Christian Bale is a really great luxury actor. The directing, story and visual beauty were all great, but his performance, which he played Ken Miles, was overwhelming. The fact that it is a true story is added to his power to lead the entire movie in a heavy way, and it comes as a echo. I want to express my unstinting praise.
10,It's a girl's life movie. Well-made
10,
10,Chew your gum while you watch it
10,have no time to be bored The best racing movie I've ever seen
10,I didn't even know the information, but I understand everything! I enjoyed watching the game scene실It was more fun because it was based on a true story
10,I can't believe I barely paid 10,000 won for this. Honestly, I would watch it even if I paid 50,000 won
10,It's so much fun. I was so immersed in it
1,A car is perfect for a car
10,2 hours and 30 minutes
10,I didn't even get in the car myself, but my heart was pounding and I thought I was going to dieAs expected, a man's dream is cold
10,That's amazing. Even my wife who doesn't know much about cars said it was fun. Highly recommended
10,Why am I crying when I'm not even sad?
10,Look. You can look. Don't waste your money.
10,
10,I don't need another word. This is a movie
10,It's so much fun!
9,The Le Mans 24 car action is amazing. Not to mention Bale and Damon acting. Two and a half hours of running time is not boring at all. If you are interested in cars, you will get 10 points
10,There was no time to be bored even though it was a long movieMy heart was pounding and full of excitement throughout the movie. One of the top five movies I've seen this year
8,All the famous people who made famous tea are coming out. Porsche comes out in a dope
7,I really enjoyed your acting.
9,Personally, the genre is different, so it's hard to compare, but it was much more fun than "Frozen" 국내I am a Korean, but I hope Korean movies will develop. I don't know much about cars, but it was thrilling and fun~~Recommendation!!!
10,The reason why the Shelby gt500, a Ford Musten Cobra emblem (a cheap horse other than an emblem), is sold in Korea for more than 100 million won is understandable.LOL It's not Ford vs Ferrari, it's pure passion vs money
10,It's amazing. Hhhhhhhhhhahaha. I'm getting emotional ^^ It's a good movie! I recommend it!
9,Seriously, this movie is crazy. It's the best movie... It's the best masterpiece of my life, 2 hours 32 minutes, and I'm sad that there aren't many theaters
7,It sounds good.
10,I think this movie is a melodramaSacrifice for loving makes this society bright and painful. While I was watching, I was desperate to fall in love
8,Alberto's in the movies
10,It's been a long time since I had such an angry ending. Ford is repugnant to the heart. How miserable it must have been to hear that Ken Miles had his championship stolen. I can't imagine...It's easy to make a fool of one person. To someone who's been working day and night with his dreams and passion, who's been building a car for Ford with everything. Ford gave poo. What's with the picture? A really sick company and its executives... That's exactly what Ferrari said. The Ferrari president keeps the stadium to the end, but Ford takes the helicopter out in the middle and comes the next day.This movie shows why Ford can't hear the sound of famous cars like Ferrari.
10,It's been a while since I watched a satisfying movie! But the car caught my eye more than the Ferrariㅜㅜ
10,No acting, no story, no production was left out and never bored for two and a half hoursThe acting is really... Sigh... they're both crazy, calm like the Joker, not boring, and incredible performance.
10,Wow, she's so charismatic even though she's a girl
10,I lost track of time and watched it
10,The best movie of 2019 is Joker and Ford V Ferrari
10,Both the cars and the scenes were good to gauge the times. There's no time to be bored. It's a movie that will last for a long time.
10,It's fun. Hehehe. Please watch it
1,Ken Miles is dying ㅜㅜ
8,I compliment myself for watching until the end
10,He is one of the biggest movie maniacs that I don't watch every year, and it is the best movie in the top 10.First time in my life to get a GPA.The best movie of the year with no action or story left out
10,It's a movie that needs to be watched and learned by modern people and Kia
10,I didn't know anything about cars, but it was quite fun, but I think it would have been more immersive if I had done a preliminary survey before watching the movie.
10,The ranking of the best movies of my life has changed.
10,It's just crazy. Make sure you watch it. It's your first review on NAVER
10,Another life movie I want to watch!
10,I really enjoyed itHahaha
10,It feels like I'm in a 7000 RPM car.
10,
10,I saw Christian Vale every time he came out, and I checked again that he's the best actor!The running time is a bit long, but the racing scene is so fun and cool that I never feel it's long that I feel like I'm opening my heart...You have to watch it in the theater to feel the sound of a sports car
10,I miss you again I was so into movies that I lost track of time
10,It's not just a car movie. It's a well-made movie, Matt Damon. It's so sexy when he chews his gum. Christian Vale's cool, stylish two guys!Cool people who are crazy about what they like!It was two and a half hours without boredom
9,It's been a long time since my heart beat in many ways
10,This year's movie was just Avengers and Game. I thought it was the Avengers, but Ford overtook the game like Ferrari. I really enjoyed it This is the movie "DY"!
8,The ending is a bit disappointing
10,
10,It is a masterpiece that is not enough to have 5 stars, or 10 stars. This is a real movie. The best movie that shined in 2019! It is a movie that must be seen in a movie theater with a large screen.
10,I dozed off at first, but it's fun at the end
10,I feel like I've seen a movie for the first time in a while. It's fun and tense throughoutI think it's a movie that's full of fun, directing, acting, video, and beauty
10,I wasn't interested in cars at all, but I really enjoyed it! In the beginning, I felt bored, but I was immersed in every game and watched it. Make sure to watch a movie that is not a waste of money!
10,I'm so nervous and thrilled that my hands are sweatingIt was so much fun.
9,Rather than a racing movie, it's a fable movie where no matter how good a person is, if they are shot on top due to their strong personality, they will collapse. If you're an office worker, you'll feel the same way.Haha
8,The story was a bit of a dull sword, but... The OOO flag and transformation of Christian Vale was memorable!
10,This is not a car racing movie!It's the story of office workers who have the best stories to see through cars!
10,I wanted to step on the drive after watching the movie
10,This is the true friendship of men
10,I watch Christian Vale movie, but I was surprised because the last main character and the veil in the movie are so similar
10,It's a bloody movie. I didn't know it was a 2 1/2 hour movie
10,I highly recommend it. It's a racing movie, but it's a movie with life!
10,I want to watch another movie that makes me concentrate so much that I can't think of anything else for a second throughout the movie Thrilling and touching. I recommend it
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen
10,I watched it without any expectations, but it was the best movie of my life.
8,Movie Speed Pleasure for Men The race scene makes you crazy about thrilling field Highly recommended for men
8,It's this! This is the racing movie that you don't even know and focus on racing to the exciting rhythm
10,Is the record of history the minced thread?  If you meet a real friend who supports you when you close your eyes, see the movie "Seven Tau Jeon Alpim" where you were born.A movie that makes you want to buy a can of Levante or a giblet again.  But the curve is slow...LOL What are you talking about? If you watch a movie, wow! I think he'll nod to my story.
6,This is really fun?  Aren't they part-timers who leave comments?  Honestly, it was boring.
10,Hyundai, please wake up
10,It's been a while since I last time being
10,I recommend this movie if you cried. I don't recommend it if you didn't cry For your information, I cried
10,This is the highest score.It's so thrilling and funIt's Gungseo font
10,The movie was pretty long, but it wasn't boring
10,I was not interested in the car at all, but my heart got hot for two hours and I enjoyed it.Maybe this is the charm of a movie, the magic of bringing me into a new world, the charm of an unknown person, the best movie of the year, beyond the Joker and Parasite
10,The power of leading actors to the ending was also reliable. Christian Bale's character digestion was as attractive as Batman, and I watched the racing scenes in a sense of immersion and tension.
10,I really lost track of time. Christian Bale's character transformation seems endless I strongly recommend it!
10,I really lost track of time. Christian Bale's character transformation seems endless I strongly recommend it!
10,The best. I have nothing to say. Video, acting, editing. Crazy. Christian Bale ♡♡
10,It's fun. It's a movie that's in a clack style
10,Jjoljam. Korean movie. Watch and learn.Aha. Can't you make a movie like this because Korean culture is a backward country? Korean movie. Cringe, noir depression, forced smile, forced touching. Rude or violent or abusive. I don't watch low-grade Korean movies even if I pay for them
10,I didn't know how 152 minutes of running time passed, so I was so immersed in it. I was surprised when I saw the watch after the movie. Please watch it at MX Hall!
10,A movie that makes me feel how my heart beats the whole time I watch time go by
10,I'm a middle school student. I didn't even know it was about a car, but I watched it for two and a half hours, feeling nervous, crying and laughing.It's really the best. It's really fun.
10,It was a movie that was full of excitement and good composition. For women who hate war movies, gangster movies, and action movies like me, don't worry about it. Thanks to this, our groom had a great time, and I came back with admiration for the acting skills of the two leading actors.
10,This is the end of the best movie of the year. I'm looking forward to the moment when Korean movies are as good as this movie!!!
9,Today, I take line 1 and transfer to line 4 and enjoy speed.Who will get to Seoul station first and get on the faster KTX? Daily speed racers going to and from work!
10,It was a great movie.
10,It's a pity that I couldn't see you at IMAX, 4DX, and MX This movie certainly has a lot of male audiences, but it's a very interesting movie for people who aren't interested in cars. It seems to show how noble and happy it is to dedicate your pure passion to what you like.
10,The best! The best!I'm going to watch it twice!
10,I watched it with my wife, and it was so much fun
10,Christian Bale, who plays Miles Ken, is amazed at his acting skillsWatching this movie makes me feel full and I want to drive Ford.
10,I'm so flattered that I feel like I'm a good actor
10,
10,
10,It's a review that I wrote after 152 minutes with reference to the movie I had to wait before the movie startedIt's my first time pressing 10 points...Christian Bale's performance melted the character I think more than 80% of the movie is Christian Vale's acting. The story was slowed down by several Ken bites in the beginning, but then it went to 7000 rpm. In the movie, the images of Ford and Ferrari, comparing capitalist American bluster and pettyness with Italian craftsmanship, seemed to be well-made in comparison with the times of those days I can't believe this story is real I was a bit emotional in the second half, but I think it maximized Ken's image as a racerI had so much fun that I even brought my poster and thought I'd go see it the day after tomorrow I'm sad that there's no OST that stands out. I recommend it It's a masterpiece!
10,Compared to the long running time, I lost track of time and watched the movie. If you do, I recommend you watch it at MX Hall
10,It's so much fun and thrilling even for me as a woman!Especially, the actors' acting skills were crazy, and I felt like I was in the car all the time, so I was sweating!I highly recommend it!
9,Wow, everything was a movie. The acting of the two actors is good, and the music that gets immersed while the car is racing is good. I couldn't let go of my concentration for two and a half hours. I don't know what it's like for women, but I strongly recommend that most adult men are satisfied with the movie. Just make sure to go to the bathroom before the movie starts
10,I can't help it
10,The best movie of the year lingers in my mind
10,I thought my husband would like it, so I bought a ticket to watch it with him. It was so much funI lost track of time and watched itKen, it's too badㅜㅜ
10,A must-see movie, racing movie in 2019!
10,2 hours and 30 minutes of running time is gone. The production of Le Mans 24 racing is amazing.
9,Wow, the best movie of the year came out at the end of this year
10,It's a true story. It's a stereotyped head...
9,I thought it was an American praise movie that shriveled up with ridiculous American gags like a gallop of anger, but it was a fun and informative movie that made me think about the philosophy and values of life. I hope you watch it at the movie theater.
10,Wow, seriously, it's the top racing car movie I've ever seen
10,You'll know when you see it. a high-quality film of the year
10,When you came out after the movie, wow...one of the few movies that said that it was interesting
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,I have to take care of my rice bowl.
10,Lost track of time
10,An amazing experience where 150 minutes go by so quickly.A magical time when Christian Bale's face looks more and more handsome.Allow Oscar!
10,A wife who loves the smell of oil and a man who does what he likes. I was happy throughout the movie.
10,It's more touching because it's a true story!
10,....I miss you again(Singing "TWICE")
10,The most unfortunate movie is that there aren't many theaters showing right now
10,This movie is crazy ㅠㅠ It's a presence...
10,The movie is not just about two men and two carmakers. I think it is a story of people who do what they like and it shows the importance of the process rather than the result. Maybe it's going to be a movie of my life movie. Especially, CEO Encho's mind is... good. You can see why Ferrari is a Ferrari for a century. I'm starting to get angry at the fact that these movies are covered by a certain animation. Of course, animation is not a bad movie. The most upsetting thing is that this movie has the same admission fee as "The Great Battle."
10,The movie that lingers in my mind all the time I watch a movie is thrilling
10,
10,I like this kind of movie. A movie in which two and a half hours passes quickly, with no background in racing and no knowledge of cars, but understanding the message of the movie and feeling nervous.
10,It was a movie that gave me passion and motivation for my life From the end of the movie to the end credits, I had a lot of sad thoughts The movie touches us this much I keep thinking about Ken Miles and Carol Shelby's back
10,The racing scene was so thrilling that it felt very short even though it was a long movie
10,The tension and immersion that I feel like I'm racing, and the acting of Christian Bale with the same expression as the real Ken Miles is also the best
1,Solka, is this fun? I dozed off twice. No fun at all right
10,When I go home after watching a movie, it smells like my car's tires are burning Haha
10,
10,The word impeccable movie is perfect.
9,A movie that deals with Ford's passion and early success in the world of racing, but eventually opens up Ford, showing why he lost his reputation. Ferrari is still a Ferrari, but Ford is not the old Ford, which flows through the screen. The fun of sports car brands. Christian Bale's unique performance reminds me of "Big Short."
10,Christian Bale acting is rich and always good
10,Christian Bale... is a genius actor. I thought you were a native Englishman
9,You have to look at it from the front to the third row. It's the sound of the engine. Heart beating. My dad's a mechanic. He'll love it
10,I thought it was a male movie, but I really enjoyed watching it I recommend it because it's a true story!
10,It's the best! The movie that made my hands sweat!
10,It was so much funShe's not interested in cars at all. It's funSo I just watched it once, and the whole time I fell in love with him, laughed, got nervous, got angry, prayed together, and lost track of time It really feels like an hour and a half of running time ㅠㅠㅜ Why is it fun??? I just didn't understand the plot I was wondering what was funny, but at the end of the show, the audience looked the sameI strongly recommend it. I want to watch it 2 or 3 timesI'm amazed by the main character's acting. It's so much fun. It's the best
10,It was so much fun! I recommend it!
10,
10,I was shaking my hands while watching it If there were a lot of screenings,
10,Twist and twist... I think I enjoyed it more than "Frozen
10,It's really, really freaking me out.
9,
10,Two and a half hours pass by quickly.Vice President Ford is so mean and annoying.Corporate CEOs and executives are required to watch the movie.
10,
8,A movie for everyone who has a dream
9,The wall of bureaucracy that breaks personal passion, the wall of Podism that breaks the craftsmanship. This story is like the myth of the 2002 World Cup semifinals in Korea. Nevertheless, the content of the soup is extremely low enough to even pass FDA approval. Video, sound, and directing prove that the film was made by people who knew the taste of racing.
10,Wow, I was dragged by my friend and watched it. It was more than I expected. It was more fun than I expected. It was really fun. I got all the action. It was amazing. Make sure to watch it. I'm really going to pee.
10,Best movie in the second half of this year
10,It's a movie that uses sound effects and beautiful images well. After seeing it, I really want to go at least once! I didn't know 2 hours and 30 minutes would go so fast! Then I'll have to go check out the Ford cars
10,It's been a while since I saw a heart beating movie
10,
10,I sold my car to walk around and it set fire to my heart!!!
10,I'm happy to see an interesting movie.Wanting to grab a handle... I went to see Matt Damon and became a Christian Vale fan.If I knew it was this fun, I should have watched it in 4D.^^
10,It's so much fun. There's no need for words I'm sleepy but I'm wide awake when I went to see it
10,I highly recommend it I lost track of time
10,
10,If you watch it twice, it's so much fun If you want to watch it again, you're the best actor ㅜㅜ Laughter, thrill, and touching
6,Wow, this is fun. I don't think this is it
10,
10,
10,Get it them 2019 최고의 영화인 것 같아
10,I wanted to whip someone in the movie.
10,It's exciting and thrilling, and I lost track of time and I fell in love with it.
10,I don't need an explanation. Just look
10,Best movie of the year that makes you chew up the tea
10,Drive safely when you come out of the movie theater!
10,The best movie of the year is Irishman, and the best fun is that I want to watch it again on Screen X or IMAX
10,It's been so long since I've seen such a cool movie!I recommend it like crazy!
10,It's really fun. I watched it three timesThe last one is Yongamaek!
10,I liked Ferrari better after watching this movie.
10,Two and a half hours short movie is the best
10,It was a movie where I could enjoy Christian Bale's acting to my heart's content and feel car racing on the screen. Christian Bale's performance was excellent.
10,It was funny how Ford II personally experienced $9 million I'm serious. LOL But what I don't really realize is that there's a bunch of pussies down there
10,It's so much fun even for a high school girl who doesn't know anything about cars.It's my life movie ㅠㅠ I watched it twice ㅠㅠ. Everyone, go watch it
8,Time flies really well. If the two male actors' acting was the best, Yeoju's body is good
10,This is why American movies dominate the world. A perfect movie except for the sad ending.
6,It wasn't 9.36.  I could hear you snoring. LOL
9,I was like, "Wow!" the whole time I watched it
10,It's the best movie. I think I can watch it again
10,Matt Damon is really cool.This year's foreign movie, Joker and Two Tops!
10,As expected, you're the best.Yangducks are really good at making them.
10,Capitalism only dwindle the artisan's skills.
9,The sound of the engine makes my heart race!
10,You'll get immersed in the racing direction and great acting by the two actors
10,You won't be able to see this level of film again for years to come.Needless to say. 2009 is the best movie ever!
10,It's a movie that men like, but I also enjoyed watching a girl who likes cars Cool. I want to drive well hehe
6,Let's not be fooled by horoscopes. Boredom until the middle. Just a calm movie!  Realistic = None!!!I was dozing off
10,I'm so damn good. I'much better thanky
10,Christian Bale is now my favorite actor. Acting is also acting, but the story itself is a good movie.
10,I am happy. ~~H A P P Y
9,The sound was really good because I saw it at MX Hall.
7,The running time of 152 minutes doesn't feel long. The ride and excitement that you can feel even in 2D. The passion and friendship of the two men. And poo-like entrepreneurs.
8,I have a man's dream, a pretty devoted wife, a son who trusts and follows me, a friend and colleague who knows me well, a dream, and a 7000 rpm sports car.
10,
10,The acting is good, the story is good, and I lost track of time and watched it in a fun way
10,No, because of Frozen, I don't have-- I came to see-- I don't have-- I don't
10,It was a series of shivers and admiration throughout. It was a movie that stimulated something of a man. I also felt how powerful the directing was. Why? I didn't realize it was two and a half hours long until I got out of this movie. Let's watch it. It was so much fun.
8,It was boring in the beginning. But I really enjoyed the back part
10,Showing the decision-making process of Korean companies...
10,I didn't know the movie was this long.I was disappointed when the movie ended because of the great speed.crying
10,Pyeongsik gave me 7 points.Guys, let's go to the theater!
10,I heard that you know this kind of writing well, but I've never seen a crazy movie like thisI don't know how many times I cried while watching itThe best movie of my life was Terminator 2, but now it is Ford v FerrariThis is the first time I've ever seen a movie that's full of adrenaline and tears, and I've never seen it before. It's a masterpiece that I want to see again and againWe strongly recommend it. :)
9,A mouse hole, a mouse hole, a mouse hole, a mouse hole, a mouse hole, a mouse hole
10,The whole time I watched it, I was thrilled
8,Hello! I heard it too!
10,You have to watch this Before the theater shrinks, go watch itㅜㅜ
10,Seriously, the best movie of the year...Much more fun than Frozen
9,It's a movie about friendship. It also tells you what a real promise is.
9,It's very, very funAh.
10,If you're interested in the car, you can watch it with excitement.You can see how sports cars are born, and it's so fun that you don't know how two and a half hours passed
10,Expressing inner emotions. The emotional lines and tense race actions of the two actors.  When Met Damon cries, I cry...crying
10,Thanks to the tremendous speed of the movie, the long running time became meaningless.
10,The realistic historical evidence, the acting skills of the two actors, and the visual beauty were very good. In particular, I was surprised by the efforts to integrate Christian Vale with the main character to the point where I got goosebumps when I saw the actual pictures of the two main characters at the end.
10,It's so funny.
10,I didn't know anything about racing and just watched it, but I really enjoyed it.
9,Wow, this was 2 hours and 30 minutes?
10,A movie with an absorbing story that even people who are not interested in cars can enjoy watching
10,This kind of movie is fun at the theater
10,Every single element of this movie was the best
10,I lost track of time and watched it^^The story of the game is real, but the story is really~I strongly recommend it!
10,I want to say that it was the best movie
10,It was the best...
10,His acting skills are crazy as if he saw a thrilling movie after a long time
10,It's so much fun.
10,h,b
1,Wow, give me some time for the movie. How far is 2 hours and 30 minutes?
10,I enjoyed both the conflict and the action story Recommendation!
10,
10,Applause for their acting and visual beauty!
5,I don't know why everyone gives such high ratings.Isn't this movie a typical American denomination?What's different from Korean movies is that they don't cry, which was only made into a story by the U.S. I thought the visual beauty was good at first, but didn't it look like a toy when expressing a car during racing? Especially when the cars were running side by side, the brakes overheated, but there was no exhaust gas, so I wondered why I couldn't express black dust on the car. And why the American New School? I don't know if he was like that, but why does he keep coming out? I think it keeps coming out because of the last scene. There's no reason for that. There's a double track, but did I have to cut the flow? I think we should have shown more of the fighting spirit of adults.And the last scene at the ending... I thought it was Money Ball 2.I couldn't even feel the excitement that much. I think I used a lot of cinematic devices. If you want to do that, make it really urgent. If you change gears and step on the pedal a few times, there's no reason for it. It's not about how fast an engine is. It's about a special way to exist. If you want to go. It's just that the car is fast and this guy's good at driving. There's no reason why he's fast and why he's good - he's involved in car making and knows well? So why is this driver in Shelby's eye in the first place? I don't know if it's a movie that lacks explanation, but if it's a movie that makes you think about why it's like that, it's a car, it's a little bit of politics around power, but for Hollywood movies, it's a car running at 220 kilometers per hour. It's a movie that seems like I was going to show you something
8,Let's just look at it like this Batman and James Vaughan's meeting...I'm getting drunk. It's a waste of time
10,My heart was pounding until the end, the actors' acting was really great!!
10,7000 RPM. It's somewhere
10,The most interesting movie I watched this year
9,It's fast and fun.
10,
10,One of the well-made movies I saw this year
8,It's like an American movie.However, it is touching because it is based on facts.A movie that's not a waste of money.A movie like a melodrama that doesn't cost much has to lower the ticket price.
8,
8,The last race is BBB
10,I was trying to race, not win...It's so cool. My heart is pounding.Ken, I love you
10,Matt Damon is good, but Christian Bale is also good at acting.His expression is different
10,Just watch it! Make sure you watch it!Even if you're not interested in cars, it's a movie worth watchingIt was touching and I really enjoyed the sweat on my hands
10,Let's just watch it twice I hope there are many movie theaters that come to mind after watching the best movie of the year, but watch out for cancer-causing people like executives going to Busan
10,It's a real men's movie. It's like my heart is going to explode in the racing scene.Applause
10,
10,I'm so touched.^^ Best movie ever
10,It's a masterpiece that has reached the point of pure movies with its speed, giving you a sense of pleasure in activities It is no exaggeration to say that the work was completed only by the speed of a car.
10,Since a few years ago, I have been paying money to watch kimchi movies These Hollywood movies are so popular that the Korean film industry is falling into the abyss
10,The last movie of the year is the best!
10,This year... the best entertainment I've ever seen
10,This is tension, this is touching, and this is acting.
10,The director's visual beauty is comparable to most simulation games, and Bale's acting skills are like melodrama "Go away, Rhyme." I went to see it because I couldn't study during the exam period, but I got rid of my stress
10,I liked everything else, but I liked the beauty of the video. Especially in the racing scene, there is a lot of CG, but it is barely noticeable. I think the technology has improved a lot Met Damon and Christian Bale's performance was by far the best +_+ bromance between men
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie that I could call a trick. I lost track of time and I was so immersed in it. You're the best!
10,It's just a short but impressive tip. It's like we're running after the safety battle. I didn't know the movie time went by
10,
10,Christian Vale is cool.
10,It was so much fun ㅠㅠ I was so nervous that I felt cold ㅠㅠ
10,Watch this movie and drive your car safely...
10,I don't usually do this, but it's really fun. Make sure you watch it. I can't believe this is the last movie of the year
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,The movie that made my heart beat at 7000 RPM while I was watching is amazing
9,The vivid images were worth watching as if they were back in the 1960s, but the ending was a bit disappointing
9,It was fun, but at the end, the sudden development... I was a bit disappointed
9,I loved Christian Bale's performance.  a movie like a car racing
10,It's my first time writing a review after watching a movie. Why is this movie second in the box office rankings? Why isn't it first?!? The best movie I've ever seen this year. - Please make sure everyone has seen it
9,I didn't expect much, but I like cars, so I thought it would be worth watching. But it was more fun and exciting than I thought.  I like cars and I like driving, but I didn't like the loud roar of racing cars, but I suddenly want to go to the track. It's better to watch movies like this when you'really.  More than two hours of running time is not boring at all.  Shall we watch it again?
10,It's by far the best movie I've seen recently
9,I'm touched by the passion of pure idiots.The racing scene is awesome!
9,
9,It's a good movie. It's a movie that I want to recommend that has unique actors' roles and a solid story~ even a probable production.
10,The most fun movie I've seen this year
10,You have to watch "Insane Beauty" no matter what
10,Screen x Recommendation. The best movie I've seen in 2019
10,I recommend watching it on Screen XI could enjoy the race more.Several factors, including moderate tension, moderate humor, and villain who wants to throw a fist, combined to create a perfect story.Christian Bale is a ghost of acting, crazy, car engine still rings in my ears, 150 minutes is no time to be bored, another movie I want to watch
10,We know who's number one.
8,The feast of engine sound that rings the movie theater is so much fun in itself. A hero-talking and compromising with reality is a good finish. However, it is a disadvantage that the anti-character goes back and forth.
10,
10,America's Growth and Ford's Realistic Expressions
10,It's dynamic that takes 150 minutes without a break
10,It's a movie that men should watch together. I lost track of time and watched it!  Good
10,Personally, I was sad that the only movie I remember in 2019 was Avengers. I'm glad I saw such a masterpiece at the end of the year The ending of the acting and acting was perfect And I was more surprised that this was a true story.*The racing scene gave me goose bumps all over my body
10,I really want to say that it's the best movie ever. It's touching.
6,As expected, an American movie made by the U.S
9,The car racing scene reminded me of Ben Hur's wagon race. The roar of the racing car increases the level of immersion to the point where it gives me the illusion that I am racing.
10,
10,Christian Bale's acting is crazy. I hope bureaucracy is gone.
10,Go watch "So much fun" right now!
10,It's the best. Don't compare it to the Frozen that babies see
10,Exhaust sound
10,I was sweating on my hands~~
10,Even though I predicted it would be fun, it was more than that.
10,It's like a movie where the three beats of a movie go well together
10,It's not my business at all. Wow...Why is this still second in the box office? I thought I should run for first place. I was the first place in my life, Interstellar.It's... it's gonna be forever
10,Two and a half hours was never a long time. It was a movie that had a good story, acting, directing, and everything. I'm so sad that I couldn't watch it in 4DX because of Frozen
10,Wow, two and a half hours was such a short time. Ford. 으 Whew
10,It was the most interesting movie I've seen this year.
8,a money-saving film
10,I'm sure it's not a waste of money. Strongly recommended, it was a movie that made my heart race after a long time.
10,The tense production made my heart beat fast while watching, and I was moved by Ferrari's actions after the game. I was touched by the story and I applaud the actors for their acting
9,It was a real movie
10,If you're hesitant about watching it, make sure to watch it Recommend.
9,I just saw it and I strongly recommend it to those who haven't seen it, especially men. It's a good movie with both plot and echo. I watched Christian Bale because I liked him and he was a great actor.
10,
10,I leave a rating hoping that many people will watch it. It's the most interesting movie I've seen recently. There's no hole in the story, direction, or acting. It's fun and touching with true stories. I recommend you to watch it.
10,Even if you are not a car lover, you will praise the movie as soon as you see it. It's a crazy movie. In addition to the elements of motorsport, the confrontation between characters and friendship are well-organized stories. To the point where it feels crazy to show these famous paintings only two or three times a day;;;;;;;
10,
10,
10,If you like cars, make sure to see them.
10,I think I'm on top of the Le Mans track
10,It was a perfect movie!Strongly recommend
10,I like the real-life version of McQueen
9,The rpm went down a bit It's so cool to soar
10,Time warp. Time flies. 7000 rpm into a trance.
10,Movie theater sound, immersive and touching
10,Wow, it's so much fun. I don't want to watch it again.
10,The movie I watched the day before and the next day is the best
10,I love the story and acting~~^^ I recommend it*
10,Thank you for watching Ford vs Ferrari...Hella funny 
10,
6,It's delicious in the second half, but before that, I feel like I'm losing my energy. It's too loose to be a racing driver
10,I saw it with my eyes and ears
10,Good, good, good^^
10,I got to know Carol Shelby and Ken Miles through a racing game called "Real Racing 3." I didn't expect them to come out (I didn't read reviews or reviews in advance), but I was very glad that they were the main characters. It was fun to run Real Racing 3 for more than 110 consecutive days for 5 years, and the Daytona and Le Mans 24-hour circuit, which I liked and was familiar with, was expressed vividly in the movie.The chemistry between Matt Damon and Christian Bale is beyond description. It is a movie that made 150 people happy and fruitful.
10,I can't forget Ken Miles' tears as he comes down to the final gear and compromises society.
10,
10,Everyone, it's not time to watch "Frozen". It was the most immersive movie I've seen this year. It's been a long time since we've seen it!
8,
10,A movie that made me want to buy a Ferrari after watching Ford's story
10,When you run like crazy, tears come down... It was a crystal at 7,000 rpm.
10,If you do what you like, you don't work for a second.Who am I in the movie about life that practiced the word? Watching the movie asking this question, I cried because I envied the main character and he was cool.A life of passion. A life of happiness until death.It was a blessing to live such a life, so I was envious, but sad that the end was death.
10,I trusted them and watched them without hesitation. As expected, they're good
10,The best movie of the year for me
10,The story was good, the actors were good, and the racing scene was interesting I strongly recommend it
8,It's not bad
9,It's time for Korea to make a movie like this
10,That was the funniest 4dx I've ever seen
10,Ford GT's exhaust sound alone is a movie worth watching in the theater, and the actors' acting was really great.
10,My whole body trembles. Look, look, look
10,I think it's the best movie that lacks every story, action, actor, acting, directing, and visual beauty. This is a real movie. This is the movie.
10,The beginning of Shelby Mustang's infested wild horse engine sound!
9,Experience extreme speed with a driver
10,One of the best movies...
10,It's so much fun. Among movies I haven't seen in a while
10,A movie that stimulates racing instinct
10,I lost track of time. Very funny.
10,Wow... It's so immersive
10,After watching this movie. There will be a lot of traffic accidents. ㅠ
10,Just watch it. Just watch it twice I don't regret it
10,ㅜㅜ I was so good at controlling the speed and it made me cry.
10,
8,To be honest, there was a boring side and the racing part was full of excitement. It's interesting to deal with a true story and there's a little bit of neo-faith.
10,Good. It's worth seeing as much more than I expected
10,The movie was the best, but I didn't know what kind of job I went to after putting my feet up, but I was upset because of a dog who came in to sleep to kill time. Snore, fold the ticket paper and throw it on the floor. Without waking up, I woke up in the middle of the new key, checked the time, and slept again. And then he left without thinking of watching a movie at the end of the day
10,It feels like I watched a man's movie after a long time
10,I thought it was unique because Christian Bale came out as a curt and pouty character, but I think Ken Miles actually did. The movie was satisfying with all the acting, directing, and racing actions.
10,I was so immersed in the Le Mans competition that my heart almost exploded
10,
10,
10,It's so much fun. I almost disappeared at 7000 RPM
10,Good. Make sure you watch it If there were more coffins,
10,Korean left-wing politics is more interesting than the movie. Thrilling
10,It's been a long time since I saw a heartbreaking movie. Even five stars is too small.
10,I can't stop thinking about Christian Bale's pronunciation and nuance
8,
10,It's so much fun. Good, good, good
10,Ferrari is the best sports car
10,It's sad to watch it just once, but it's such a well-made movie!
9,Wow, dry OOO is the best. It has an inner view, so it feels good to ride and run together. I strongly recommend it. Your acting skills are amazing. Haha
10,It's the best movie I want to watch two or three times
10,Thrills that make your hands sweat and even calm emotions!Christian Bale's facial expression is good, good
10,It's a movie that depicts innocent people like angels who live passionately in their field. It's a movie that's very speed-controlled. It's really immersive. 2 hours and 30 minutes are gone.
10,Please watch it at SounddxSound is the most important thing
10,Jung Si-woo's personal review was the same as that of the movie journalist Jung Si-woo's article below. He thought it was a true story + racing + America's hurrah, but the movie contains "truth story + racing + microorganism + capitalism's bare face + nonetheless, the challenges of artisans who dream of a world beyond 7000 RPM."  I don't think I can get out of the touching moments of this movie. This year's grand finale is the best movie.
10,Have you ever sweated while watching a movie? I feel it here.
10,It's the movie of my life movie.Director Park Chanwook, stay alert^^ You are good at making American movies
10,The movie of my life. Real men
9,I think it's a movie that penetrates through life.Outstanding ability in your favorite field, friends who recognize your talents, family who love and support me...Even if you can't ride a nice car for the rest of your life, wouldn't it be a great life if you had these things? Of course, Ken Miles has all that and has a great record with a great car, so I'd say it's a successful life.Make sure to watch this at the theater!
7,I thought it was a movie that emphasizes the great America of American movies At first...  After Ford awakens in Ferrari-controlled racing, Great America takes control of the racing stage... I thought it was about... Anyway, don't worry about that and watch it. But the ending is kind of uncomfortable.
10,The best movie I've seen this year!!!
10,Pyeongsik gave me seven points. Need another word?
9,It's random at the end, but overall, it's well-made
9,Why is Pyeongsik receiving positive reviews?
10,My pee-bo that shrinks every time I step on the accelerator.
10,
6,I think the tightening tension and warm family love stand out
10,I can't believe the main character died. It's sad
9,
10,7000 rpm sports car and racing indirect experience, and tenacity to beat the best! Two and a half hours at 7000 rpm, and 'Hello!' ^^
10,I was tired, but it was so much fun that I forgot if I was tired
10,It's been a long time since the movie made my heart race. ㅠㅠThe performance, acting skills, and background sound were all the best.And the message that the movie contains... It was a good movie, not just an interesting one.
7,Those who say it's not fun, just go watch a movie with foreigners who like to watch "Moonmunchi," which produces trash movies in Korea and takes out foreign currency without paying taxes
9,I'm sad that I can't see Imax because of Frozen 2
10,ㅠThe last Eul's entrance, the eyes, the sadness, it's driving me crazy
10,Best car action movie with best narrative
10,It makes me step on the accelerator without realizing it
10,I was worried because the movie was too long, but I focused for 2 hours and 30 minutes without any time to get bored
10,It's a movie that makes you find yourself smiling
10,This movie should be seen in 4dx. It's seriously the best
10,Wow, I can't take my eyes off you until it's overI'm touched. I'm a person who doesn't know about cars, but it was cool
10,If you like cars, you can express the sound of the engine and the movement of the car
10,A movie that makes you empathize with all the characters throughout the movie.
10,Christian Vale, stubborn old man, the best acting ever!
7,There's nothing to look forward to. But above average!
10,It's a movie masterpiece. It's going to be released tomorrow. 4dx, IMAx. It's the end of today's show. I want to watch it again in 4dx. It's too bad
10,It's definitely thrilling and nervousIt's a movie that Ford doesn't like but Ford's executives
10,Based on the true story, Matt Damon and Christian Bale's Hard Carry... But am I the only one who can hear the drums beating in the background music?
10,The sound is a work of art. I can feel the groans under my body
10,be worth twenty thousand won, not ten thousand won Korean filmmakers, reflect on yourselves
10,Bourne, Batman is a great car driver too!!! Thank you for watching Bon vs. Batman bare-handed martial arts!
10,It's the best movie of the year. It's a man's You have to watch it
10,It is not a waste of time to watch the movie. It is the most interesting movie on the screen.
10,I want to run. It makes me want to run.
10,There are some boring parts in the early and middle parts, and it's a bit frustrating because it's based on a true story, but I don't need anything else. The racing part is the best!!! I'm going to get a Type 1 driver's license!
10,Watch it on 4D Screen X for real~You'll feel like you're racing.For those who like Christian Vale in this movie, I also recommend "Equilibrium."
10,I usually don't like the expression "crazy" but this movie is crazy
10,
10,
7,It's worth watching, but...I don't think it's very entertaining...I'm tearing up at the end.It wasn't touching, but like my reality, tears welled up with sadness...Bale's acting was really... amazing
10,
10,Best movie I've seen lately
10,You're such a good actor That's a lot of fun.
10,I think it showed the vividness of the fierce race scene, and the background of a big company called Ford
9,It's not a movie like a spectacular one, but a movie based on a true story, so it's more memorable.
10,It's almost like watching the early episodes of the Fast and Furious. Personally, I was tired of CG, but it was so nice to see a raw racing movie without technique after a long time. It was a rather long running time, but the story was so solid that I couldn't feel it, and it was fun because there was a tension that made my hands sweat like Mad Max.
10,
10,Was 2 hours and 32 minutes this short?The best movie in the world for me, who loves the best movie car in 2019.Directing action. Appropriate new school. I hope you learn Korean movies
10,Ferrari is the best sports car
10,Two and a half hours went by so quickly! It's a movie that you fell in love with Christian Vale's charms
10,I was a little interested in cars, and I wasn't interested in car racing at all, but after watching this movie, I was very fascinated. It was fun enough to look for car racing movies or comic books after watching the movie. It was nice to face the unknown world with a movie, and I felt like I was a car racer.
10,I want to make money and ride v8
10,A movie that you can read enough even if you don't know a car! It's a movie that makes your heart race not because of America, but because of one's stubbornness and people like that
10,
10,I was on my way back from the movie when I stepped on the Sonata Hybrid at 7000 RPM and got a traffic light violation
10,Two and a half hours didn't get bored at all. I enjoyed watching it so much Honestly, it's a lot more fun than Frozen 2. FYI, I'm a woman
10,Anyone with a car...It's something anyone should see.A touching movie
10,I lost track of time. If it was last year's Star Is Born, Bohemian Rhapsody, then this year's is this!
10,It's so much fun. I'm going to watch it again
10,The world beyond 7000 RPM. The story of two men who reached the world but did not go beyond it, and the pricelessness gained from it.
10,It was all good, but I got sick of heart-throbbing music and directing during the race.-
9,He runs as fast as a racing car that made a good running time of 152 minutes.
10,Both actors and acting were really good. It was a really pleasant movie for anyone who likes the engine roar of a car. Although it is an adaptation, I felt a similar feeling to Ken Miles, who unconditionally pushed for his argument and compromised with reality to a certain extent for his friend. Anyway, the best movie in a long time since Joker!!!
8,James Mangold is a great director
10,Watching a movie gave me goosebumps. I bet you'll regret it if you don't watch it
10,
10,I thought car racing was just a speed battle, but I learned a lot from this movie. The limitations of humans and machines.Another limit...Only those who overcome it can enjoy victory.
10,Ah, it's the best movie of the year. It's not just a story, it's a lot to see
9,I was watching a movie, and I was so thrilled. Personally, Matt Damon's performance was good. Flexibility in dealing with external pressures... Good ^^
8,The sound of the engine makes my heart flutter
10,You can watch this at the theater It was fun and touching
10,For men who like cars, 2019's best movie, friendship, trust, and so on
10,It felt like it even though it wasn't a 3D IMAX movie theater.
10,I went to a girl without looking forward to it, but it was more than I expected. No one was bothered by the acting, especially Christian Bale, and I wondered if I was really looking at Ken MilesRecently, watching a racing game and a movie made me feel more emotionalThank you for the good directing and acting of the good actors. I recommend it to women, too!
10,It's a neat movie. You have to watch it with a big screen and loud sound to enjoy it properly. Watching it on TV or a computer monitor at home can halve the fun.
10,
9,Christian Bale's Acting Heart Stops
10,
10,If you're crazy about the exhaust sound of cars, it's a fun movie
10,A film showing that a passionate contract worker with a salary of 2,000 is a thousand times better than a shrewd one-billion-won executive!!!
10,If it was the best movie I've seen in a long time, the acting and visual beauty were so good
10,Based on the true story, I could relate to it all the time.And the rediscovery of Ferrari and Ford...Anyway, one of the best works of the year
10,It's too bad to watch the trailer after watching the movie. This is so much fun.
10,ㅆㅅㅌㅊ ㅋㅋ ㄹㅇ~~
10,The best movie I've ever seen without falling asleep
10,This movie is a drama, but other action movies have different action scenes Don't imagine a run of rage
10,GFRIEND is having so much fun
9,Christian Bale's acting is crazy. And Noah is growing up well
10,
10,
10,The movie that beats my heart along the speed of the car ㅠㅠ The life of Can Miles is so sad, but it's the best
10,My husband asked me to watch a racing movie, so I just followed him without any expectations, and I thought about my life again.My favorite movie...
10,It's really fun.
10,My hands are sweating... a movie to watch twice in a movie theater
10,My hands are sweating... a movie to watch twice in a movie theater
6,It's amazing because it's a true story
10,After watching this movie, I trusted Ferrari more.
8,You two are the best
9,A movie about a real man whose heart is about to explode. Even if you don't like cars, you will like them.
10,My heart is pounding. I think I should take some heart medicine
10,Regardless of age or gender, it was a fun movieIf I were to recommend one, go to Yongyamaek and watch it!
10,It's been a while since I watched a movieThe story is very strong!
10,
9,My heart also goes down slowly after reaching 7,000 rpm at the peak of the movie
9,It's like you're at the stadium, and the racing direction is amazing, not to mention the chemistry between the two men's acting, and this is real!
10,I used 7,000 rpm on my way home today
10,A movie that makes you want to drive even though you don'
10,The movie made my heart flutter just by listening to the sound of exhausting sound. The movie made me love the car so that I could see it from the perspective of a movie racer who gave depth and echoes every word of the movie line
10,It's really good. Watch it three times
9,There was no time to be bored throughout the running time of two and a half hours.It's in 4D, but is it there? A movie that you want to watch again if you have one more time.
10,It's not just a racing movie, it's a human story of two men who put all their passion into racing. At the end, there's a touching feeling
10,Overall, it's touching...I'd like to see the director's version
10,The first movie I watched twice. It's perfect. I want to watch it again.
10,It wasn't boring at allIf 150 minutes passed at 7,000 rpm, it's my life movie!
10,Hello. I thought I heard you wrong.
10,A movie that makes your heart beat at 7000 rpm
10,It was too bad that it was a two-and-a-half-crying
9,It's a bit boring, but the racing is just amazing, not to mention the actors' acting
10,It's thrilling! It's the best! My heart rate is 7000 rpm
10,Wait, wait, now
10,There are so many explorers who explain to their girlfriends in the movie theater.No, the girl who asks is the problem. The movie is so fun that the running time of 2 hours and 30 minutes passes in a flash.
9,The most interesting movie I watched recently. ♡
10,The thrill of the production!
9,The smoke is amazing and the tempo is crazy
10,a movie that makes men's hearts beat
10,You're the best ♥? Ang napping belt
8,That's awesome. His acting skills are amazing
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie worth watching
10,
10,It's been a while since I watched a really fun movie. I was really surprised at the excitement of racing and, most of all, the true story!
10,Make sure to watch ㅠㅠ increase the number of theaters
10,There's no room for boredom. It's my life's work Make sure to watch it. Twice
10,It was a movie that I enjoyed watching after a long time. I couldn't take my eyes off the racing because my heart was pounding. The long running time won't be boring. I strongly recommend it!
10,Wow... I didn't expect much and followed my friend. If I hadn't watched it, I would have regretted it
10,There is no need for words. It doesn't compare to this year's best movie, The Rage of Fury.
10,I thought it was a creepy historical movie and thought it would be boring, but it's as exciting as Mad Max and I can feel humanism as Irishman.
10,Wow, I'm an angry fan, but I'm in a different class The chairman's crying made me laugh, and Bibi wanted to punch him, and Shelby's friendship was wonderful, and Ken's instincts were sexy I was so touched. Thank you for making this movie It was a sexy racing move that made girls fall for it
10,It's been a while since I watched a really fun movie. It's a flawless movie. You're the best!
10,
10,It was the best movie these days
10,
10,Wow, it's a great movie. It's like a Ford engine. It's like a movie. And it's a reality show. Very good!
10,Much better than Frozen, a movie for real adults
10,It's been a while since I saw you racing. Here is the race of emotion that was expected in the first episode of Fast and Furious.
10,It was the most fun movie I watched recently I thought it was really long because it was 2 hours and a half, but the time went by so fast It's like American PpongIt looks like it's full of teeth but
10,The best movie ever! So much fun! No more words needed.
10,We met at 7000 rpm
10,The veil is so cool I felt like Batman in the scene where I wore sunglasses
10,2019 Parasite is the best movie in the second half of the year. It contains a lot of things like dreams and reality, family love, and criticism, but above all, it is so fun that 150 minutes are deleted. Christian Bale is a great actor. Everyone falls in love with Miles after watching the movie
10,
10,Everything is the best movie based on a true story.
10,Ford, who longs for Ferrari, but can't, finished a crazy movie that was so interesting, but I think it was more bitter because he was a man of a family.
10,I'm pretty satisfied with the story.
8,The sound of the engine that rings my heart makes me excited.
10,A good movie where you can feel the emotions of a man, a husband.I feel emotional seeing my father.
10,You're the best. I wanted to see Met Daymon. Christian Vale proves that there is no limit 7000 rpm Let's go thrill video, acting skills, story, joy, sadness, and the best work of the year. It's a movie that makes you so immersed that your hands sweat.
10,I went to see my middle school son today. It's really fun. I watched it with sweat in my hands. You have to watch it at the movie theater! Why are there so few theaters ㅠㅠ
10,I saw it today. 2 hours and 30 minutes are gone. I really enjoyed watching it and I recommend it as the best movie of the year. Make sure to watch it. Especially men!!!
9,On the one hand, I could feel the sad and touching story and the dynamic and lively car race.
10,I came here to get a rating after watching the movie! If you want to leave a rating, please watch ㅠㅠ Screen x recommended. :)
10,I knew that Shelby, a very neat and comfortable well-made movie that I haven't seen in a long time, was a popular tuning company, but I wondered how it was born, and I could see the actors in the movie, and most of all, Fordgt made Ken Miles's innocence perfect
10,I'm really going to lose. Speed and thrills in the best car race movie time fleeting Godferrari and Petford
10,My heart is beating after a long time. I lost track of time.Why do I cry when I see my car after watching the movie?
10,If you like cars,
7,It was all the more surprising because it was a true story, even though it was predictable
10,It's a touching true story that resonates with a fierce reality. Unlike Korean movies, if money was not enough, it would be enough to watch it at the movie theater. The engine sound was loud, but at the end, my heart echoed... But there's a lesson that you can't speed
10,I'm not interested in cars or racing, so I don't really expect much. I enjoy watching it. Especially, the story and direction are good, but if you think that the way you drive is amazing, I really enjoyed it. I think it's a well-made movie
10,I don't need to say. It's been a while since Bohemian Rhapsody and I've been this excited. I'm going to go watch it again!
10,Park Pyung Si gave 7 points to this movie. 7,000 rpm
8,I'm really curious about who's going to win next year's Academy Award for Best Actor. I thought Joaquin Phoenix was the winner, but Christian Bale is going to take the challenge
7,
10,It's the best movie of the year
8,I was bored and sleepy in the beginning, but it was fun in the middle. It would have been more interesting)
8,It's not Ford v Ferrari. It's Ford v Ford
10,The race is thrilling, but the heart is heavy
10,There are interesting movies like this. I really enjoyed watching it. I've never been bored for 150 minutes. Thank you for making it. It's like an avatar
9,Why does my car have an RPM of 7000?
3,The man in front of the boredom for an hour just sleeps; I wonder if it's a poo-poo movie
10,Video acting, perfect reality, Jae Hyun!
10,It's the best. I watched it three times on IMAX. The Avengers, Aladdin, The Joker and this movie seem to be the best of the year.
10,My eyes and heart were happy all the time. I can't get enough of this kind of directing and storytelling, please keep making classic movies!^-^
10,
10,The story, the acting, the racing. It's a perfect racing movie
10,a thrill of fun and depth
10,It's really well-made. Made better than the gallop of anger. OOO is one million times better than action. The action, drama, and psychological portrayals of the main characters were all good. Best Movie of the Year
7,True racing and friendship.
10,Met Damon, if Christian Bale comes out, we'll just trust him
10,Life is in the movie I'm touched without realizing it
8,It's ironic that the name of the movie is not Ford V Ford. It is interesting, but the running time of the movie is too long to include scenes that pass by lightly. But just a bonus, I've been seeing women who put their cell phones in movie theater drinks and make alarm light sticks these days, are you doing that on purpose? You want me to be a jerk next to you? What the hell's wrong with you? You don't have any thoughts? Is this sexism?
10,It's fun!
10,It's fun even for people who don't like cars. There's no movie like this for a car lover.
10,I want to go there and watch it again
10,At the end, I realized what it means to act with my eyes before slowing down. I was amazed the whole time. I can confidently say that it is one of the movies I have seen this year.
8,The best movie of my life?
10,It's two and a half hours long? I thought it's been an hour and a half.  I watched it with sweat all the time. Encho Ferrari was cool and the movie was fun
9,I can't believe this movie is full. Korean movies should only be paid 1,000 won from now on.
10,It was the most exciting movie I've seen this year! I strongly recommend it
8,Thank you for the tyranny of conglomeratesYou were good at acting.It's a depressing movie because it's a true story
10,What an exciting movie! I recommend it to you
9,A movie that both adults and children can enjoy watching. A movie that Americans can watch while being hit with soup and tea. I didn't expect much and watched it, but it was more fun than I thought. The last battle scene was a bit flat.
8,I'd believe the racing video was 20 years ago. I guess you didn't have much money
10,The movie ends in no time, but this movie is 2 hours and 30 minutes long
6,I feel that I have a GPA againIt's a lie that there's no boredom other than 30-40 minutes in the second half
10,Wow, 2 hours and 30 minutes. I didn't know it was a movie
10,My wife is also a great driver
9,It was a very immersive story. I held back my pee and lost track of timeLOL
10,Make sure you watch it. Every time the engine sounds on IMAX, I get goosebumps. 2 hours and 40 minutes are not boring at allThe actors are acting crazy
10,Drink a lot of water and don't go see it
10,I didn't know the running time was 152 times.I watched it in a regular theater, but it felt like I was racing.I'm tired. ^^
10,It was so much fun that there was no time to be bored for 2 hours and 20 minutes. The racing scene is always at the movie theater!
9,Some chase money, some chase honor, but some chase it at the moment of perfectionAnd the moment two men met for it shone beyond 7,000 RPM
10,It's so much fun watching it in 4DX
10,한국영화가 같은 티켓값받으면서 스크린독과점으로 피해본단 얘기할 양심이 있냐?
10,If it's a movie with Christian Vale, I'll trust it'And if you enjoyed this movie...LUSH: There's a movie called The Rival, so please look it up and watch it.
6,I love the story and the acting. Actually, it was a bit boring in the beginning Even my friend who asked me to watch it with him fell asleep with an excuse of food coma. But the last race was so cool
10,Isn't it 30 minutes?
9,I was riding my bike after the movie, and I cried because it was so shabby
10,It's not too late to think about it
10,I've seen men screaming everywhere
9,I've seen men screaming everywhere
10,It's really the best
2,Are the part-timers crazy?If it's not as fun as Gikwang, I bet my mom and dad
8,I was sleepy in the beginning, but it's getting more interesting
10,평 첨 남겨요 이런장르 안좋아 하는데 진짜 여자가 봐도 최고에요 아들하고 함께하는 장면 너무  좋았어요
10,As expected, social life succeeds only when you are like a vice president. Even if the chairman doesn't say anything, you have to capture and show what you want. The president doesn't care who wins the final round. First of all, I know that winning Ford and marketing effects are important. The vice president is.
10,A movie that won't be shy to compete for the best of the year. What are you waiting for? Go and watch it before you come down from the movie theater.
10,Ford V Ferrari will be thrilled and moved from the start of the movie to the end credits. Christian Bale and Matt Damon's great performances and the best of the supporting actors don't give me a moment to think about anything else. Based on the true story of James Mangold, who organized the movie "The Greatest Showman," the film will give everyone a deep impression and a sense of what a movie is. Even the most perfect music was born.
10,마치 실화를 보는것 같았음
10,As a car fanatic since I was young, I had no choice but to cry after the movie
10,Well... Among the recent movies, I watched all except Frozen, so I was thinking about what to watch with my friends, but this movie caught my eye.I don't have anything to do. Should I watch this movie to kill time? And on the way out, oh, my God.I didn't know it would be such an interesting movie. I don't know much about cars, but I enjoyed watching them even though I don't know much. I would have been in big trouble if I hadn't seen this movie. 2 hours and 40 minutes?It's an instant. The sound of the engine that makes you dizzy when you listen to it even if you don't know the car, and the racing that makes you exciting when you watch it even if you don't know the car. It was the best.
1,I think people who like cars will like it... I slept with my eyes open at the beginning, an hour later, and at the end of the game I'm bored ㅠㅠ
9,You're the star of Ford, Ken Miles.
10,I'm not a big fan of action movies, but I started to like it after watching this, and I heard that my heart beats every time I hear the engine sound, but I didn't know I'd experience it myself. The introduction is a bit long, but it's also an important part of the story, so it wasn't that boring
10,It was so much fun and I wasn't interested in cars at all, but I watched it with a lot of tension The two actors' acting skills are also the best.You have to watch it at the theater no matter what
10,
8,If you like cars (race, driving, sound, maintenance), it's fun
10,I don't have to search for a movie that's meaningful enough to give five stars
10,It's so much fun to watch on screen X a million times Good choice 2 and a half hours is not a waste!!! Strong Chuu
10,Best movie of the year! Everything is perfect! The movie from the American perspective is like a cross-border movie that makes you go to work and get upset. You can see that!
10,I lost track of time and watched it. It's not that urgent, but it's very immersive.
10,
10,
10,
10,The best part of the racing scene. Perfect angle from a low angle. Perfect sense of urgency. Maximum immersion throughout the running time. Christian Bale makes me realize that the exhaust sound of the best casting sports car for this movie is so exciting
4,It's hard to get immersed in the character. The poor directing skills...One hour out of two and a half hours shows boring conflicts that can be deleted.
10,I'm logging in to get in at least on Battlegrounds
10,It feels like it ended earlier than Frozen 2
10,Make sure you watch it. You won't regret it
8,The characters are three-dimensional. In particular, Ford's acting is amazing.
8,Battle on a track without a gun.  The movie is awesome actors and actresses
8,The latter part of the story is a bit disappointing
10,-7,000 RPM-
10,I saw it because I liked cars. I felt the eargasm with the exhaust sound, but the actor and the movie made it crazy well. Personally, I think I'm funnier than the Joker It's a great movie because it's a true story
10,
10,7000rpm...I miss you again. That's all I can say.
10,It's just, wow! It is. You have to watch it in the theater to feel the thrill and emotion.
8,The story of a loser winning the first prize is always good. By the way, that loser is Christian Bale... A movie with an engine sound in its OST.
10,I don't know about racing, but if you enjoyed it, I lost track of time
10,
7,a one-sided speech
8,Although it was dramatized based on a true story, there was no strong feeling that it was a contrived adaptation of possible things.
9,
10,
9,Looking at this, a car that's just like a rental car and throw it away
10,I don't know much about cars, but I really enjoyed watching it. It was a little long, but there was no boring part at all, and Bale and Matt Jamon were both really good at acting  Recommend.
10,The sound of the engine coming through my heart is really a big movie!Regardless of whether you like the car or not, the sound of the engine running is the best way to relieve stress. I really enjoyed it
10,Another life movie!
10,Ford! Put everything on the full axel!
10,Wow... It's really 2 hours and 30 minutes. I compliment myself for watching it on ARMY
10,Even if you're not interested in cars, it's really fun
10,
10,The best movie I've seen this year, the movie is over
10,If there's a fun macho movie, I recommend it to those who like tea.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that I liked.  It was so nice.
10,"Somewhere at 7,000 rpm, there's a section where everything is fading." How did two and a half hours pass so quickly?
10,It was fun for me, who wasn't interested in cars, and the racing scene was cool
10,
10,I thought my heart was going to explode the whole time I was watching ㅠㅠㅠ I didn't even know the first car, but I really enjoyed it. ㅠㅠ When you wait for me at the end, I cry. Make sure to watch it at the movie theater I was so thrilled.
10,
1,Director, I know that you want to include funny elements, but the audience doesn't laugh at all. And it's not a Ford Ferrari history story, it's just a race movie. Running is just worth watching. I have a lot to say, but hold it in. Director, learn some American jokes
10,I feel like a racer for two and a half hours
8,Even though the running time is quite long, the tension remains steadily high. It's fun
10,The movie is crazy. It's a great movie. It's a Korean movie. It's a bad movie. I realized why America is amazing. I enjoyed the two actors' performances
10,Best movie of the year...After Avengers
10,No matter how much I reduce the weight of the car, the weight of politics doesn't decrease
10,The engine sound is so cool
1,It's no fun
10,
9,
10,Please watch this movie ㅜㅜ I didn't expect it, but the video was crazy and it became my life movie. I'm going to look at it one more time. It's a perfect visual beauty that can't be seen in Korean movies. I thought my heart was going crazy when the car was running. It's the best movie of 2019!
10,
10,It's a must for those who like cars! With the exhaust sound, my whole body shivers
10,Christian Vale Matt Damon...The acting is speechless and perfect. The racing action is exciting enough to make your hands sweat. The story is also solid. The laughter code is also attractive. I recommend this year's movie to the point where my review feels like a part-time job
8,You'll never regret it if you watch it with ARMY
10,
10,I enjoyed it a lot
10,A woman in her 30s watched it without expecting much, but she was bored with the long running time and enjoyed it without a single scene.
10,You'll know when you see it. It's the best!Hahaha
10,I've been watching with nervousness for 150 minutes. As expected, your acting is amazing. Good, good
5,Overall, the content was easy It was touching and I lost track of time, but the ending was empty...
10,Last 30 minutes. Thrill good!
10,It was just "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" Guys.
10,Make sure to watch it. Twice It's my favorite movie
10,It's a two-and-a-half-hour movie.I watched it without knowing the time went by. I was satisfied because it ended neatly
10,The movie that made me praise 4D because I disparaged 4D for disturbing the movie's concentration!I was looking for a seat belt without realizing it in the rain race scene.
9,I don't really like cars, but I just watched Matt Damon and Christian Bale come out, and my heart still beats.
10,a burning flame
10,It was just the best!
10,After watching the movie alone, I stepped on the accelerator with all my might to feel the 7000Roce 2009 ㅠㅠ
10,The acting is good.It's worth seeing, but I don't know why Ford's suddenly running so well.
10,I held my pee and watched it until the end.
10,
1,Sleep tight with your girlfriend
10,I think it was the most interesting movie I watched this year.
10,More attractive than Ford Ferrari, Selby's car
9,Running time 2 hours and 40 minutes down. It's a movie never been boring.Perfection of directing and oeste as well as cinematic messages.You've given the office worker a hard time when you forgot about your pure passion.
10,This is not just an entertainment movie.
10,7000개 이상 지옥에나 가라!
9,This isn't a half-baked, half-baked movie. Porsche, which went bankrupt after pursuing technological limits, and a knife car that invested 10 trillion won in real estate...
10,Just listening to the loud exhaust from 7,000 RPM made my hands sweaty It reminded me of my racing potential But my car is Wrangler. If you drive so fast, it will roll over Anyway, the best movie that made my heart beat after a long time
10,2 hours and 30 minutes were so short that it was so much fun
10,It's not that the car is cool, but the movie that the person is cool... Wow... The movie of my life...
9,If you like cars, you can enjoy it
10,Full of excitement and touching story
9,I don't really watch movies like this, but I really lost track of time. I really don't know how 2 hours and 30 minutes went by. I made it well. And it was fun.
4,It's just a movie for car enthusiasts, so don't be fooled by the comments, watch it if you like cars, or else watch something else  This is part-time work heaven
10,It was a really great and fun movie!
7,Let's start the war
10,Best movie I've seen this year! Great production, great acting!A movie that doesn't feel like a long running time
10,I'm a woman in her 30s who loves sports cars. I enjoyed watching a movie because my heart was pounding at the sound of a car engine If you want to experience the history of Ford and Ferrari, go! Gt40 is so cool
10,It's touching and exciting. It's good for your eyes and ears. It's the best
10,But why did my wife come out...
10,2 hours 30 minutes is the same movie as 2 minutes 30 seconds
8,It's worth seeing. As expected, Christian Bale! I think it's more touching because it's a true story
10,Christian Vale... The way you talk, the way you walk...I can't forget.
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year! It's a movie that I want to watch again after watching it ㅠㅠ Please show it for a long time
9,Does Ken's son go to school? It bothers me lol
10,The movie that was so cool...It was so nice because I felt like I watched a movie after a long time I strongly recommend it
10,I never thought I would cry after watching a racing movie
10,I don't have anything to write about, but I want to give you 10 points. Do I have to write?
10,The parasite Aladdin Joker Ford Ferrari is one of the four greatest movies of the year. 9 points and 10 points in total
9,It was the best
10,I can't believe this movie was 2 hours and 30 minutes long. There are funny scenes in between. Whenever I hear the engine sound, my heart beats.
8,A human drama that conveys the desire and reach of human goals beyond just racing games with speed
10,J, I'm not interested in racing, so I watched it with sweat. It's not just killing time. It's really a masterpiece! The story is so thrilling and acting ㅠㅠ It was so amazing and so much fun!!!
8,It would have been more interesting if you focused a lot on Le Mans 24 racing itself, but it's still the best racing movie in a while. It's more fun if you know the history of racing.
10,It's by far the best movie I've seen in recent years.
6,It's more fun to watch at the movie theater. It's a movie worth watching
8,Visual beauty, sound, acting...It was all good. But a movie for Americans?
10,I watched it without thinking, but I lost track of time.Batman is so handsome... I really want to buy Ferrari...
10,Honestly, there's no action, but it's the best movie of the year
10,I felt a sense of shame when I saw the passionate main characters
7,It's a shame that some scenes with my wife would have been expressed differently. I know what you're talking about, but the flow just snapped and made me think
10,Starting with Matt Damon running on a foggy track, I watched with incredible immersion the long running time, the passing Pan Am plane, the distinctive classic car, my wife's bandanna, the radio... Jeong felt the kindness of explaining the track in the old background and the delicacy of Ken's strange-looking son and his hard-working wife in Le Mans 24, and how the two men played their part in the wilderness and how wonderful they were to be immersed in one thing. Including all of these, the racing scene also makes your hands sweat. The thrill of Ford and Ferrari standing side by side
10,I really enjoyed the movie because it was based on a true story and the actors' acting was amazing.I think I'll remember this movie just by looking at a sports car passing by~~^^
10,It's a movie where people who don't know much about cars feel thrilled. Running time is long, but it's not boring at all. By far the best movie I've seen this year. Christian Bale's performance is crazy.
9,I want to experience 7000 RPM after the movie. My car runs into the reality that 6000 RPM is the highest RPM.ㅜㅜ
10,Is there anyone who is thinking about whether to watch a movie or not? Look, no regrets
10,It's my favorite movie since Bohemian Rhapsody.I was so nervous and enjoyed it.Thrill, humor, and touching
10,The acting was great, and I don't know if it's because I like cars, but it was so much fun. I think it'll be fun for those who don't like cars. Recommend.
10,The long running time wasn't burdensome at all, so I focused and enjoyed watching it
10,That was the best movie I've seen this year.I was impressed by the actors' acting.It's based on a true story, so I think people who don't like cars can enjoy it.
10,Pyeongsik gave me 7 points Let's go to see it.
10,If everything was perfect, I'd like to watch the best racing movie of my life, watching the rest of my life, nervousness, nervousness, nervousness, nervousness, nervousness, nervousness, nervousness, and nervousness Guys, please
10,It's so much fun to watch at the theater
10,
10,The tremendous speed and the exhaust of the cars make your heart beat
9,I want to drive a Ferrari. But 320 per hour?
10,In short, it's so much fun. Awesome
10,I was dragged by my younger brother, and he forced me to watch it.When I came out of the movie theater, I said let's come see it again. There wasn't a moment I wasn't immersed in throughout the movie, and it was at least the best movie of 2019
10,The best movie I've seen this year! I was thrilled and moved.
10,
8,I could feel something hot about them.
10,칠천 RPM.
10,Please watch it through 4DX or IMAX That's legendary
10,It's been a while since I wrote a comment. It's a masterpiece
10,The movie is fun! My hands are sweating!Hahaha
10,This year's most immersive movie
10,The lingering feeling of the roar. Hello
10,I didn't know it was real.It was more fun than I expected. It felt like I was watching racing myself.Especially when the Ford CEO rode in a racing car.I laughed a lot when I saw this scene where I was talking about my dad.It felt weird Surprised by his acting skills!Especially the main character, Ken Shelby.Ford Hoi-Ja... great actors
10,
10,The reason why you must watch it in the theater is the heart-breaking sound~~ It wasn't boring. It's tense. Touching and sad...Don't look forward to it, just look.
10,Matt Daiman, Bale's incredible performance and the best racing production for that era
10,It's been a while since I watched a movieThe story is strong, and there's a lot of laughter in between. Good, good
10,
10,It's more touching than a sad movie that's forced. It's more tense than a provocative horror movie and more thrilling than an action movie that survives a shower of bullets Two and a half hours of long running time at 7000 RPM
10,Movies that never need OST or BGM. Movies that go up to 7,000 RPM
10,
8,Story good! It lingers a lot
6,It's like a movie from the 80s in the midst of the Cold War. It's an obvious repertoire. Miles' long-winded way of speaking was also a bit annoying. It seems like the movie was about to compete with only the two leading actors who are still active. The portrayal of Shelby or Miles as something that builds dreams against capitalism itself is repugnant. In the end, he grumbled and listened faithfully, but it was only seen as the rice of the herb. It's just a show character created by the media's hero consumer sentiment.
9,Personally, I think I'm better than the Joker
10,If goosebumps keep going crazy, it's a movie that needs to go for 5 million
10,It's worth watching with just the actors' acting
7,If you go slower, you can see more, but when you try to see a lot, you're behind.
10,His acting was great and the game was full of excitement
8,I didn't know it was a true story. What's the synchronization between the actor and the real person?
10,
10,It was so much fun even though I don't know much about cars. It's a true story, so it's heartbreaking, but it's a perfect movie to watch just one movie ㅠㅠ
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie
4,What's funny about it'Burger King feeling in the middle because it's boring
8,An hour in the first half is a bit boring, but the racing scene in the second half gives you a sense of speed.The acting was great and the acting of Vice President Cho Yeon-joong was good.The sense of speed just feels right.
10,I think I saw a movie that is like a movie after a long time. In fact, I didn't expect much, but I saw it because the actors were solid and I wasn't disappointed. It is a movie with strong suction power because it is full of engine sound, exhaust sound, and tire sound.
10,It was so much fun
2,Action. Race scene boring. an outrageous touch I'm paying for Hollywood.Please don't look.Don't be fooled. I'm coming to bed.
10,I hope you can feel the thrill at the movie theater!
10,I thought Joker was the best movie of the year Really
10,I'm sorry I only paid 10,000 won to watch it --T
10,Sound that can only produce a spontaneous inhalation engine. Always impressive performances by Christian Bale and Matt Damon.
10,It is unclear how long it has been since I watched a movie and made my hands sweat. I dare say it's the best movie I've seen this year.And I heard it, too. "Hello."
8,If I have a chance, I'd like to watch the racing raceI think you can enjoy a movie like this only when you enjoy it with a grand sound on a big screen.Let's give a round of applause to the players who risk their lives
10,Oh, it's a crazy movie
8,Two giants whose names are trademarks. If you shorten 30 minutes, you'll get 10 points
10,It's the best movie of the year
10,Oh, I wish it was my favorite movie.
5,Is it a masterpiece because it has a good meaning? Then give 30,000 points for Yoo Gwan-soon's story of resistance. The running time was too long... It was enough to tell even if it was shortened by about an hour. In addition, the American population is so severe that it doesn't really resonate with our country, which is just a knife car. But I want to mention one thing. I've only seen Christian Bale, Denzel Washington, Will Smith, and Tom Cruise act like Lee Byung-hun all my life. Joaquin Phoenix is a god beyond Lee Byung-hun.
10,As a person who doesn't know much about cars, I trusted the actor and watched it. It's just crazy. So fun!I watched it with my boyfriend and I was so into it that I cried at the end crying
10,It's a good movie with a lot of fun and things to see. I was going to go see it with my son, but I saw it alone, and I thought I wanted to see it again with my son.
10,
10,It's just a man's movie. You two are the best ㅠㅠ
10,A movie with perfect content and acting.
10,They don't force tears and they don't present heroes, but thumbs up
10,It was so much fun Thank you.
10,I strongly recommend that you watch it on 4dxscreenX~The engine vibration transmitted to the body and my seat become the driver's seat, grow the wind, and go around the track together~
4,I watched it because I heard it was so much fun. The movie that made me feel that I have different tastes in movies... Maybe it's because the movie style doesn't match... It was just boring...
10,
10,I think it's the best movie of the year. There's nothing missing.
10,Christian Bale's acting is also overwhelming, as the long running time feels short in the cold movie!
10,After watching the movie, I have a dream of 7000 RPM, but when I actually get in, I have a limit of 6000 RPM
9,It was so fun that 2 hours and 30 minutes passed so quickly, and the movie left a deep impression after watching it
10,
10,
10,Elsa, who drove Ferrari in Frozen, saw this movie and found out the estimate for gt40.
10,I think it was good because there was realistic description and detail about race unlike sports movies that only have x form
10,Somewhere near 7000 rpm...There is a point where consciousness fades.
10,It's the best move since "Interstellar"
10,The acting and directing were really good It's been a long time since I saw a movie with good for my ears
10,I heard it's better to watch it in 4D, so I watched it, and it was much more fun ㅠㅠ When I was racing, I felt like I was really riding. ㅠㅠ My hands were sweating.I watched it even though I didn't know much about cars, but I was touched.Make sure to watch it in 4D.I was sorry for the money.Even if it was a true story, it would not have been this complete without this directing and acting skills...For me, it's the best movie of the year. I think Christian Bale is really amazing...Maybe it's because of my excellent directing skills, but I kept getting emotional while watching ㅠㅠ. Will I live like that?I don't know if I'm doing something that's so obsessive. It was a movie that made me think a lot.
10,
6,I looked forward to it after watching the NAVER score, but I didn't like it except for Christian Vale acting.There's no story and only the track keeps coming out, so I kept looking at the clock because I was bored There were parts where the main character was dying, but the story was so monotonous and cliche There's no emotion Is it weird that I don't trust NAVER's rating these days? It feels like I'm just watching f1 for 2 hours
6,Occasionally, the development of the situation is unnatural. American emotional induction BGM is louder than engine sound. Bubble is bad. Instead, Rush recommended this punishment
10,Applause for the actors' acting skills
8,There are critics who give 6 points for this kind of movie. You gave me six points for something that doesn't even look like the same movie, but what qualifies me as a critic?
10,Ken Miles asks if we have to go to adulthood
10,What's the point? Matt and Christian Bale. I know he's winning every race, but I'm so nervous.It's the best
10,Even though I was looking forward to it, the movie of my life exceeded my expectations
10,It's so much fun even for a girl
10,Life is like Shelby, work like Miles
10,Awesome. I don't need to say anything The speed is the best!
10,2 hours and 30 minutes are gone.
10,Time flies so fast. So much fun
10,I didn't expect much but it was fun
9,Wow, I think I know why people who like cars like it now. I really enjoyed watching it. The story is based on a true story. 2 hours and 30 minutes. It's gone in an instant. But I can relate to the comparison of Korean movies. There are good Korean movies and foreign movies that are not good. Oh, my.
10,
10,Acting and speed. Crazy ㅠㅠ (Personally, I don't like noisy movies like loud car engines and broken action movies) This is just admiration...
10,One driver's seat was Ken's world, and the cry in silence was his happiness.
9,My blood boiled the whole time I watched it A movie for real manly men
10,I worked 14 hours and watched 2 hours and 30 minutes right away, but I didn't doze off.My chest is 9,000 RPM. I need some heart medicine.
10,I watched the best movie in a long time.Based on a true story, it's not just a competition from an automobile company, but a person's It's a battle between humans and themselves.It is a work that depicts the inner side of a human being who conflicts in reality and ideals.Even if it's not a true story, it's an amazing piece of work...Some people mention PC or feminism...The movie focuses on men's cars, racing, but...Leaving PC or feminism, we lead stories about people.That's the car and racing that symbolizes men, and it's a true story.It's a work that you shouldn't think of PC or feminism at all.
10,당신은 누구시죠?
10,Matt Damon X Christian Bale, I couldn't help but be glad to see the long running time, and it's the best
10,I made the poster ugly, but it's so good that 2 hours and 30 minutes go by so quickly
10,It's just perfect. It's a movie with all the acting skills It was based on a true story, so I cried a lot The actors who supported the story are amazing. Christian Bael is so cool I think it'll be one of my favorite movies
10,Wow, this is a movie. It's really fun.  I haven't seen this kind of movie recently, so I didn't expect it. I watched a late night movie by myself, but I was so focused that my hands are sweaty
8,
10,Is this movie going to be overwhelmingly behind Frozen 2? I personally think it's the best movie of the year. Joker or whatever, rather than following my impressions of the evaluation made by someone else, I just felt...
10,Good, good, good! A movie that's both touching and fun!
9,The racing was crazy, but the characters' personalities and stories were so good.Especially the two supporting actors, not to mention Henry Ford and the executives.
10,An exciting drama that reflects the times
10,
10,Good job, real Kang Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha hahaha
1,The way you treat the protagonist at the end is so mean.The male-dominated story of a movie that consumes women too much as an auxiliary screen.According to the times these days Shouldn't it have been adapted into a women's era?The first female racer.What are you talking about, Ford? Benz is the best car! crying
10,No words needed, just look and judge. I feel the thrill
10,I didn't expect much.I was so into it that I was nervous watching it.I watched it in a small theater because there was no theater, so I hope there will be more theaters to watch these kinds of movies.
10,
10,There's no way to describe Mora I'm so thrilled.Why am I crying at the end?ㅜㅜ I need to see this feeling
10,From today, if the number of speeding accidents increases, it is because of this movie. After watching the movie, I almost crashed while coming down to the parking lot
10,I watched the movie without much thought, but I really enjoyed it. The killing point is when Chairman Ford cried in his car
10,Bale oppa's acting!
9,I want to ride at 7000 rpm
10,A short time that feels like an hour and a half of a movie that I watched twice at the theater for the first time
8,The production was good enough to feel the deep charm of Kate Fio and Balpi like Korean mothers. So, I felt more sympathetic to the situation where two men who were thirsty for cognitive achievement had no choice but to adapt to reality. It's like an emotional movie.
10,I don't know what I'm lacking to fill up the stars How can it not be fun to make a true story that is more like a movie than a movie?
9,I didn't expect this because I fell asleep at the gallopIt's so much fun
10,I really regret not seeing it in 4D
10,The actors that I trust... a movie without regrets
10,
10,
10,Christian Bale and Matt Damon... That's a good combination
4,It's so boring. The only movie I've seen this year that broke. Don't expect anything like an angry run, but need-for-speed is a hundred times more fun.
10,I was so immersed, and I made a fist as if Miles had become me. 28-year-old's best movie, "Risk 10"
10,It's really fun.Hey! This is the movie!
9,Maybe because I'm interested in cars, it's a movie worth watching because I'm immersed in. I think it's a movie that shows the structure of organizational society and the relationship of individual passion.
10,This year ends with the movie and the Joker.
8,It's divided. The one who dozes off in the middle and the one who says presence
10,At the end of the year in December, we met the movie of the year.A movie that would be a hit if it weren't for Frozen screen monopoly.I hope you watch it
10,The 160-minute running time is not boring at all This is what movies are about. People who love cars must watch it. Ford... Ford...That's mean
10,Interstellar Matthew McConaughey keeps overlapping
10,I just realized that this movie is over two and a half hours long after watching other people's movie reviews. It's been two hours since the movie ended, and my heart is still pounding. It's really the best
10,
9,Too many cooks spoil the broth
10,
10,It's very thrilling. It felt like I was getting nervous. It was very nice
10,I'll give you a perfect score without hesitation. It's well-made
10,I don't leave anything like this, but I have to watch it all. It's so much
10,
10,The most memorable movie.I met my husband yesterday and I am going to see him again tomorrow.
10,It's the most existential beauty ever ㅠㅠ
10,I'm not the type to write reviews, but my hands were shaking beyond my heart beating in the racing scene (I like car racing). Not to mention Bale's acting. It was so organized that I didn't feel like it was 2 hours and a half. I'm not the type to do the Nth in the theater, but I'm going to do the Nth in 4DX.
10,I saw each and every person realistically as if it were tomorrow, and it left a lot of lingering feelings, Anaca left a lot of lingering emotions.It's a movie where I thought it would be second place, but it was boring. For your information, I really wanted to watch Frozen, which likes fantasy
1,I almost died of sleepiness. Don't trust my GPA. Recommendation for people who can't sleep
10,There are so many good lines. The two main characters who helped each other grow. Nice dad. A great racer, anyone who looks ahead seems to be the best anywhere. It's not a family movieㅠㅠ It's a great movie ㅠㅠ Perfect movie!
9,Both the realistic car racing scene and the acting of the main characters are so good. Ken Miles, who lives without looking at others, compromised and conceded this time, but it was a shame that the result was made, so I wanted to see him run well and win the next Le Mans race, but I was sad that it ended like that. Personally, Matt Damon has seen it in several movies and was amazed by Christian Bale's incredible acting skills, which he only knew as Batman. It was nice to see your familiar face, Daredevil Furnish.
10,It's the best movie of the year.Thank you.
8,The movie was so vivid that I wondered if I had ever been able to clearly imprint my name in the play for a foreign movie. In addition to the two main characters, Ken Miles and Carol Shelby, Lee, Bibi, Encho, Bandini...It was boring in the beginning, but the immersion is considerable.The movie is above average
10,A movie that can't miss a moment of tension.
10,Watch it in 4D!
10,
10,As soon as the movie ends, my Avante looks shabby...
10,He's good at acting, he's handsome, and he's so into it
10,I cheer for the main character while watching the movie, but I can't cheer for Ford. A movie that makes you think about people's passion and friendship again.
10,The running time was long, but I didn't feel it at all. I was so into it that my hands were sweating. I recommend watching it on the big screen in the theater, not on the video!!
10,
10,The monologue "7000 RPM" is the maximum number of revolutions that the car in the movie can withstand.However, the movie interpreted this as a compression of their pure passion and limitations in the overall flow of the movie rather than simply describing it mechanically. Carol Shelby had a passion for racing, but she was forced to give up racing because of the limitations of her body due to her chronic illness, and Can Miles had a passion for pure racing, but mechanical defects made her unable to have a tragic ending and racing anymore.
10,From Matt Damon and Christian Bale to "shut up and watch."Watch it in a big theater with a good sound!
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year
10,a live-action cyber formula The thrill of racing that explodes something in men. I watch it in 2D, and it feels like I'm racing.
10,It's so fun.ㅜㅜㅜㅜ Since the actors are good at acting,
10,152 minutes passed in an instant
10,It was fun. I recommend it
10,The most impressive movie I've seen this year came out in December
10,I think it's the most interesting movie I've seen in the past few months. 4dx is recommended...
10,I am sorry that the ticket price was so cheap.
9,Even though I'm a small car owner, I wanted to go out and start the engine right away and step on it throughout the movie.I think it's a movie with a high level of completeness in its realistic production and immature story.
10,Is it real that the price is the same as the hit squad?
10,It's such a great movie. I recommend it
10,After watching the movie, I was surprised that the running time was 152 minutes. The fun, immersion, and tension of the movie are the best!
9,I could feel Ken's joy, frustration and futility, not to mention car action
10,It's crazy. Just watch I've never used anything like this before
10,I was sad about the last scene, but I really enjoyed itMet Damon chewing gum is really delicious
10,Twice as much fun as Frozen 2
10,I'm into the old car!
9,An exciting story based on two actors' acting and true stories. A movie that makes you nervous until the end
10,My heart was so full and it was so much fun!
10,The actors' acting is excellent with a solid storyline.
10,It's full of thrills--!!!
10,
10,It's fun. But I'm also saying helloI heard
10,The movie is fun and the music is good, but Matt Damon is really cool.)
10,It was the best movie of the year
10,The best movie... The best movie I've seen in recent years ago
10,
10,It's the best racing drama that even girls can watch
9,The excitement that makes you want to watch it all at once
10,
10,Like a Korean movie, I was able to concentrate from beginning to end without squeezing it
10,Christian Bale's immersion in the role is really... There's a lot to learn. Matt Damon's mouth hurts, too
10,It's fun from start to finish! It is even touching because of its great actor and director. But, am I too immersed? Everywhere is an old man's problem; I remember having a fight with my manager during a meeting.
9,
10,In a word, it's a "crazy movie.
10,I watched "Frozen" right away and it was much more fun than "Frozen". Matt hyung's movie is definitely the best ^^ It's long, but time flies~~
10,The best drama race is my life
8,I watched it today and it was fun, I had a racing instinct ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,That's cool. Good. I enjoyed the movie
10,Matt Damon is chewing gum deliciously
10,a stunning visual beautyA thrilling OST. A realistic acting.a thrilling productionEven the touching story is perfect.
10,It's really the best!
9,Christian and Matt's acting is great, and the directing is greatI lost track of timeIt's more touching because it's a true story
10,Christian Vale's acting is greatI couldn't slow down the whole time and time flew by so fast!It's a high-quality movie
10,Weekends fade as they approach 7000 rpm
10,I was so into the great acting that I could feel the speed~~
10,Wow, my heart was shaking while watching it.I watched the movie because it was possible on time without much expectation, but it was so much fun.It's the best movie of 2019.
10,
10,It's my first time getting a rating.After the movie, my hands are so wet that I can't go without washing them
10,I'm so happy to see a movie like this.
10,It's such a shame that we can't get 10 million viewers.
8,a movie that can be both fun and touching
10,I really wanted to punch the vice president who looks like Guillaume Petri.
10,She doesn't like action movies, not to mention cars, but her whole body trembled because her heart beat all the time. It's definitely the best movie I've seen this year. Acting, story, directing, and even every line of actors is perfect! I hope many people will watch it.
10,She's in her 20s, but I lost track of timeㅜㅜ I regret watching it on IMAX It is much more fun than Frozen
7,Running time is long and acting is good
9,Christian Bale's performance alone is enough for this movie!
10,I regretted watching it without thinking. I'll watch it on CGV 4D.
10,gt40 Want to buy
10,
10,
9,It is a wonderful masterpiece that shows the dream, friendship, and consideration of life of the two men who warm up little by little and run to the end like the heat of the brakes and the power of the engine sound.
10,I mean, this is a real movie.
10,I was so into itㅠㅠ So much fun!
10,Hello~Listen carefully^^
10,My hands are sweating every time the RPM goes up. The old-style movie, "Jalbombo" and "Jalbombo" are well-made in a long time, and there is no thought that tells the audience to do what to do.  I hope you watch it at the theater
10,
10,I'm not satisfied with what I saw once, so I'm going to go see it again
10,Beyond boycotting Ford, he faces executive Shack, especially vice president Lamar bite
9,The movie you should watch at the theater. Don't know. Eunyeong can't fall asleep
10,The video that captured the time, the driving scene, and the acting and directing skills were so goodThere's a twist in the last part, not an obvious story, and it's the best Hollywood movie of the year
10,It's my first movie review. This is a must-see movie. Acting and directing is the best movie I've ever seen in 40 years.
10,Encho Ferrari gives Ken Miles a thumbs up. Henry Ford II gave a thumbs-up to the restaurant chef who went to dinner. The movie made me think about whether to live as a passionate person, as a businessman, or how to live my life.
1,It's a movie that will be very disappointing for those who expect action. Typical American character narrative-driven story. Unnecessarily long running time.
10,The bendable veil was definitely a racer's silhouette, supporting the same place by looking at different positions, feeling the limit of the car with five senses, and driving to the limit is a retro feeling that has never been felt in the past rush
6,I was looking forward to it, but it was too boring in the beginning.
8,It's very nervous and well made, but it's a bit dreary
10,
9,It was a movie with a long running time, but I enjoyed it very much
10,Let's watch Frozen at home with Ddalam.You can feel the engine sound when you watch this movie with the movie theater sound. King Boo and Arghhhah!
10,Wow, it was so much fun
9,My heart is chewy, my hands are moist
10,When I first saw the title, I wondered what it was. It was a really fun movie after a long time.
10,A 30-year-old woman. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently. Make sure to watch it
10,It might be boring in the beginning, but I held it in and it was better as I went on.
8,There's a little fun in between and a thrill that's not boringAbove all, it made my heart tremble that this was a true story
8,As expected, Christian Bale! Good chemistry with Matt Damon. It may be a little bland because it's a different composition from entertainment movies, but I think the actors' acting covered everything.
10,Am I the only one who cried? a great movie
10,It's really... fun. You should go and watch it
10,Wow... Director, actor, director, story, everything was the best... Even if you're not interested in cars, make sure to watch it and IMAX!
10,It's a surprising story, based on a true story
10,It's so much fun.It's so touching. It's so much fun.
8,Let's spend the end of this year at 7,000 rpm
10,There is no need for words. A bloodthirsty man will keep thinking of watching until he thinks twice or three times. What a life movie.
10,I was watching it in 4D, and I thought my heart was pounding to death
10,I couldn't let go of the tension in every scene, even though I knew Ford was winning in the end
7,To be honest, the more boring it gets, the more it becomes, but it's faithfully captured
10,I went to see a car racing movie and came out because I was touched when I watched a Rocky movie.ㅜㅜ
10,Who am I...?
10,It's the best movie I can't help but get a rating lol
8,Lesson: The company is not to be trusted
10,It's so much fun. You're so good at acting like Christian Vale
8,Not Ferrari vs Ford.I think Ford vs.The fast race was so cool and the strong friendship story of the men was well expressed.I'm very satisfied with my solo work
10,As it was a racing movie, expectations for completion were relatively low, but this movie captured both the movie's quality and box office success...It's the best movie of the year, and Matt Damon and Bale are the best
10,It's the best movie ever since Harry Potter Bohemian Rhapsody
10,When I first watched the movie "Learning Time"... I was going to watch it with a girl I'm close to, but they both came out and said it was an excellent choice.There are a lot of people saying that it's not as good as "Frozen 1". I saw this and it really relieved my stress.
10,I love you as much as 7000!
10,It's based on a true story, so I hope you enjoyed it. I didn't decide the game with my skills, but it's a shame that there's a business reason...
10,It's worth seeing a lot.
10,Out of the movies I watched recently, it's really awesome! It's my favorite movie
10,Oh, December. No, it's the best movie of the year crying
10,I hope you can watch a movie at the theater that you don't waste your time and money.
10,I was looking forward to it, but I didn't know it would be this fun and touching
10,Wow... I should just go buy GT
10,I can't help but fall in love with the great speed.ㅠ
10,I can't help but watch it ~   The acting is amazing!
10,
9,It's a car racing movie, so I lost track of time and enjoyed it.
10,Watching a movie, I felt excitement for the first time in a while, and I can't watch a movie at home, such as a cell phone or computerA movie that you have to watch at the theater no matter what!
10,In addition to the realistic visual aspect, this book deals with the conflict between the desire for infinite expansion of capital and the desire of the subject that conflicts with it ^^
10,It's a movie that says that there's all kinds of risks, but challenges push people beyond their limits. Everyone was so cool except for Ford II and the vice president
10,Awesome. It's just one of my favorite movies. A stamp!
10,My two-and-a-half hours flew by like a speed of 7,000 rpm
10,I thought it was just a racing movie, but it's my life movie
10,
10,There's no need for words. It's real.
10,He's so into it.  Haha
10,I had so much fun that I lost track of time
10,
10,This is so much fun! It was like a real friendship baby, not a forced friendship
10,This is a present for modern peopleThanks to you, I had a touching day.
9,I wasn't interested in car racing at all, but I really enjoyed itㅠㅠ Especially when Ken and Ferrari ran
10,It's fun.
10,The difference between Frozen 2 and Ford vs Ferrari: Frozen 2 is a full-viewer, so the whole family can see it and 10 million viewers due to its screen monopoly. If Ford vs Ferrari is over 12 years old and has a full screening like Frozen, it might be possible to reverse the top spot! Directing ability, two acting gods, story based on true story, overwhelming visual beauty, and audience average score!To watch a movie in 2D is like watching Titanic on TV!
10,Time flies
10,It would have been better if it was translated as "Step on 7000", but it's been a while it's been a while!
10,I can't believe they're not showing it in 4DX during the weekend
10,It's my best movie to watch the same movie twice in the theater for the first time, leaving a review for the first time.
10,Best movie of the year, making the winter hot
10,I thought it was a normal Lacil movie without any expectations, and it was the best movie I've seen this year
10,The best movie I've seen this year. I like the movie, "MiG Ligger Story"
10,Sillim Lotte Cinema 5 : 40 came from. The final is not boring, with a touch wistful, but the engine sound throughout the film perfectly, like the progress that is good. That's nice of you to expect.
10,It's a heart-throbbing movie. The best!
10,This is a real movie.Korean filmmakers Should Be Shy
9,The smoke's gone, Vale Damon
10,I'll just write one thing down. You're the best!
10,The whole time I'm watching, I'm thrilled
10,Ford won, but Ferrari won
10,Immersive and fun as a car movie based on a true story. Matt and Christian's acting is good, too!
8,It was a bit ambiguous to finish the movie as interesting as I expected
10,A must-see for men working in the automobile industry
10,a movie that runs at 7000 RPM with an audience in it
10,There is no need for words. the best movie
10,
9,I watched it without thinking about the time, so I watched it with the groom all day, and I only talked about it at 7000 rpm. I didn't know anything about cars! I don't even have a driver's license! I hate movies like "Fast and Furious", but the story is so interesting that I watched it with sweat ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's been a while since I've been immersed in this movie
10,It's been a while since I watched a really fun movie. It's a shame that this movie isn't number one
10,
10,The race was good and the acting was goodI'm getting mad at you for not knowing anything about the big business people!
10,I watched the movie because I didn't have time, but it was the best movie I've seen this yearI wonder why this movie doesn't go viral. I look for Korean movies as if I'm patriotic for some time, but please watch this movie at the theaterThumbs up with your daughter!
10,Movies at 7,000 RPM
10,It's a movie that I can't believe it's the same price as Frozen, and the cars and racing in the old times make me feel bored with everything I knew would be boring
10,I just enjoyed watching it, but I liked the criticism of the company executives because they showed me their bluff... And I was surprised that "Hello Counselor" came out in Korean in the middle of the movie
8,I should have seen it in 3D or 4D
10,It's a movie to watch at the movie theater. I think I can still hear the engine. It lingers for a long time. I should go watch it one more time.
10,A masterpiece that transcends genres! I thought it was too long before I saw it, but it went by so quickly
10,I feel sorry for 10,000 won of movie tickets. Outstanding directing and acting! Originally, I was not interested in the F1 car game at all, but I really enjoyed it. Through this movie, I tasted the art of sports.
10,Wow... I'm so immersed in it.
10,A movie whose heart rate increases at 7,000 rpm. A story based on a true story that is more like a movie than a movie. It was better to deal with the last calmly.
10,It's a perfect movie
10,My wife and my second choice is Frozen, and my first choice is Ford!
10,
10,It's so much fun. 7000 RPM
10,I watched it today and I think it's the best racing movie. An epic movie that resembles real racing from start to finish.
10,When Henry Ford II first test drive and cried, the audience burst out laughing
7,It was worth watching, except for the boring stuff in the beginning.
9,I'm satisfied with just the sound of the engine
10,Not only the actors' outstanding performances but also the director's directing was amazing. It was the best movie based on a true story
10,Watching the movie on Cho Seung Youn's YouTube was very helpful.The trailer was really boring, but I really enjoyed it
10,There is no movie more dramatic than reality
10,I watched Yongsan 4dxPersonally, it's the best movie of the year and the best movie of my life
10,
10,You're so lucky to find what you really like early. What is my 7000 RPM Perfect Rap?
9,Wow, I was really immersed for two and a half hours.It's the same ticket price, but it's not comparable to Korean movies.A movie that's not a waste of money. This is worth watching even if it is 15,000 won.Good.
10,Out of all the movies I've seen so far in 2019, it was the most fun
10,Heart racing. The passion of Ken Miles and Carol Shelby is stronger than that
10,If it was touching and fun, I recommend a movie!
8,Hi!
8,It reminds me of the time when I did Need For Speed
9,I enjoyed watching it. It wasn't boring. It was exciting for two and a half hours
10,Christian Bale! I'm Korea's Christian Bale!
10,Value with the highest engine sound alone
10,Awesome! I feel like I'm in a crucible of emotions again after seeing the actors making the best use of the true story.I was happy, excited, and even touched the whole time.Matt Damon is the best
10,
10,It was more fun as it went onlol
10,I lost track of time because of the lively productionHaha
10,I was so nervous and immersed that my hands were sweating for 2 hours and a half
10,I'm sorry to Jim Carrey, but I changed my favorite movie from the Truman Show to this one
10,It's fun. The acting is amazing~~
10,It's a really great movie
10,The details of the actors and directors made my heart flutterHah!
10,I really enjoyed it A movie that lingers!♡♡♡
10,a mountain beyond Korean cinema
10,I thought you were a part-timer because you had a good GPA.Not at all. Two and a half hours is not boring and it's so much fun. It was not a waste of money.
10,Wow, it's been a while since I saw such a great movie I want to see everything again
10,The most interesting movie I've seen this year
10,Christian Vale is so cool.
9,Camera production is so good. The background of the actors stands out more than watching the actors, not to mention the amazing racing scene, and as if explaining the track to the son before entering Le Mans 24, the directing is well organized. It's like watching Bohemian Rhapsody Mercury when Can enters Le Mans 24
10,It's a movie to watch at IMAX
10,
9,Sound that vibrates the floor of a movie theater like a track
10,I just don't need words a man's gallop
10,This movie is definitely re-watched
10,We need to increase this movie theater and the number of screenings. The engine is still buzzing, the heart is still buzzing. The tension, visual beauty, sound, story, everything is perfect. It's the best movie of the year.
10,It's amazing that it's based on a true story!
10,The material is good, the actor is good, and the video is good
8,I watched it with my girlfriend. GFRIEND is sleeping and I'm the only one enjoying it
10,The video and acting were all goodHaha
9,It's a movie worth watchingI didn't know it was 2 hours and 30 minutes long
10,I really enjoyed it^^
10,I recommend watching a movie on Wednesday and running twice again on Saturday, a movie theater with good sound, or 4DX.
10,It's just crazy. Life movie
10,Matt Damon, Christian Bale
10,Free yourself from being suppressed at 7000 RPM!
10,I got goosebumps while watching a movie. I recommend the first 2 hours and 32 minutes
10,I didn't realize it was going for two and a half hours. Actors, good acting.
10,How can you act so well?
10,The intensity of the racing behind it is touching ㅠㅠ
10,2 hours and 30 minutes without any boredom
10,I lost track of timeLOL Make sure to watch itlol
10,Another movie has been born that connects the genealogy of car racing movies!
10,My presence? So much fun! So much fun!
10,It's a true story, and the sound of the engine in the movie still lingers in my ears
10,It's been two and a half hours since I'm so nervous
10,I went to the movies of my life It was the best
10,I didn't expect much and I didn't expect much. I think it's the best this year.
10,A fun movie that you want to watch again
10,Immersive movie lol It was so sad that the movie was ending
10,I want to recommend that you watch it no matter what!
10,The response was hot even before the release, but I didn't know it would be this muchshivering
10,A cool racing that makes your heart numb makes your heart openHaha
7,The car racing scene and the expected battle between Ford and Ferrarisa are spectacular, but somehow formal and schematic.Here, the father compares car racing and life to his son. It's too official.
10,Baleeshin is British again. He's British
10,I hope you can feel the thrill of racing running throughout your body
10,The sound of the engine still lingers
10,Beware that it is very difficult to breathe while watching the perfect movie that lacks nothing.So, hello Am I the only one who heard it?
10,I enjoyed watching this movie for 3 hours without getting bored
10,The speed is the best! I lost track of time!
10,
10,It was so cool
8,When did Ken and Carol start? If you want to end it like that, can't you put some cinematic imagination into a meeting?
10,The best work of my life... Thank you for watching this movie today and thank you for the creator of the universe.
10,You're the best! You're the best!The acting of two great actors makes me concentrate until the end of the movie. That's cool. I enjoyed it a lot
10,When I go home after watching a movie, I play full axel
10,It's a movie about a car based on a true story, and it's very interesting ^^
10,I went to see the car without knowing anything about it, but I really enjoyed it. Every time I race, I feel like I'm opening up.
8,Christian Bale! There's no limit to acting!
10,If you don't watch it in the theater, you'll regret it
10,It's a long running time, but I enjoyed it so that it wasn't boring
10,It's a movie where you can feel the pleasure of being immersed in the speed of 7000 RPM throughout the entire show
10,I went to the movie theater yesterdayI think this is the best racing movie.I don't really like racing, so I thought it wouldn't be fun, but first of all, there was no acting, and there was no time to be bored with two and a half hours of eternityReflect on Korean movies
9,Christian Bale's acting is really coming... It was a bit different from what I expected from the title, but it was good. I didn't understand why Kebe lost so much weight and acted like that. When I saw the picture of the actual main character in the last scene, I totally understood... A real acting genius
10,Christian Bale's acting is the best!  You have to watch it at the theater no matter what!
10,It was good to hear the exhaust sound of the car in the movie theater, and when the song of the 60s came out, it made me nod, and I was sad to laugh at the actors' acting, but it became serious.I watched a good movie after a long time.
1,A movie that was only good for acting
10,She's a woman who doesn't know cars. From today, my hobby changed to car instead of buying luxury bag It was so touching and fun It's a movie where I cried about three times ㅠㅠ Christian Bale ㅠㅠ Awesome, and Met Damon is the best ㅠ
10,Hello? Is there something wrong with my ears?
9,There are two actors who can be trusted. What's more, the speed of rotation that makes a man cry!
10,The girlfriend who doesn't know cars shed tears. Spring is the best
9,It is a movie good that relieves stress.
9,This movie made me feel refreshed when I was bored with Terminator Dark Fate. Since it's a theater, the engine sound was great
10,Even if you don't know the history of cars, the story was easy to immerse yourself inIt's a family movie.Matt Damon and Christian Bale's performance is superb.
8,I watch a movie during my GPA time
8,It's not his part-time job. He enjoyed it. Good
10,Perfect movie with engine sound without any other effect
10,If you really enjoyed it, 2 hours and 30 minutes went by so quickly. You can focus well and the actors are cool
10,It may be a bit boring if you think it's full of a thrilling race scene, but it's a great movie just to experience the two actors' acting and how the race car is tuned!
10,I watched a lot of racing videos and enjoyed watching them as a college student who is interested in racing. Christian Bale's acting and driving skills were great, so I was thrilled every time I stepped on the full accelerator. I really enjoyed it.
10,Please make sure everyone watched it please
10,All right, boohoo
10,Go to Zero's territory!
10,I watched it with sweat in my hands. Recommendation!
10,It would have been better if the girl didn't come out
10,Wow, this is really a great movie. Bale and Matt's acting is the best ever
9,The story of our lives is about Andromeda, where we think that it is a movie that uses racing as an excuse to call the U.S. hurrah.
1,The rating of 9.4 is excessive. I want to give you about 8.7.This is fun.
10,[Laughing]
9,I'm overwhelmed by a tremendous sense of speed. Even though the running time of the movie is quite long, time flies when you focus on racing!
9,The long running time is so fun that it's not boring.After watching the movie, I remember the two main characters, not Ford and Ferrari I strongly recommend it
10,It's so much fun. His acting is no joke. He's holding his breath
9,I liked the thrilling race.However, the scene where the racer dies when the car explodes while driving in the last facade seems to lack the structure of the story before and after
10,
4,Personally, the first hour of 2 hours and 30 minutes was so boring that I watched it while dozing off. There were a lot of action scenes in the back, so it was okay, but the ending is not my style ㅜㅜ
10,It was a movie where I had mixed feelings watching craftsmanship, the flow of capital according to the automation system, and the limitations of management who did not know the actual work! In order to live the world well and not waste time, I think we need a realistic ideal and a fierce and cold deal!I strongly recommend it!
10,How can a movie over two and a half hours feel like an hour and a half?  I'm so sorry It was so much fun
10,A masterpiece. I don't need any other modifications.
10,I was so touched by what the movie tells me.Strong recommendation! Let's go to the movie theater!
10,It's really fun. It's a man's movie. It makes me want to run after the movie. But I think I've heard it before. Is it just me?
9,He's good at driving a bat car
10,A movie that'll make your heart race for your boring life
9,I lost track of time. Ken, Carol, and Christmas Carol
10,Christian Bale's performance is amazing. I was wiping my tears at the movie theater
10,I'll watch it twice. - I found my favorite movie.
10,Ken's racing is a must-see at the cinema crying
10,I really lost track of time and watched it. So much fun.
10,The ladies in front of me were excited too
5,I don't think I solved the problem of lack of concentration, which is the inevitable problem of long movies. I'm sorry to hear that as an expert. But the content and the story are praiseworthy...
10,It's so good. It's so fun. It's been 2 hours and 30 minutes
10,
10,I lost track of timeIt's fun. ^^
10,That's amazing.A movie where you can feel passion
10,Watch it in 4D. It really feels like I'm racing. Ken Miles' acting ㅠㅠ It still lingers afterwards. ㅠㅠ This is a movie. ㅠㅠ The two friendships that make me cry and move
10,It's definitely the best movie I've seen recently! Directing, acting, and story. There's nothing missing!
10,There's no time for the movie to be boring Time flies
10,It's so much fun
10,It was much more fun than I expected, especially because the movie was set in a true story, so it felt even more amazing.
10,It's my first time to write a review. I haven't seen a movie that makes my heart flutter in a long time
2,It's not fun. It's boring a low-cost movie
10,It's a really good movie. Well-made itself
10,Don't give up today for tomorrow
9,It's the best. I can't believe the time is passing and I'm watching until the end! Recommendation!
10,Ford was the boss and Ferrari was the leader. Ferrari is cool, not to mention Bale Damon's performance, I watched a well-made movie after a long time.
10,The best acting made perfect for the best story.
9,It's fun. As expected, Bale 7000 PM
10,It's so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so fun. 152 minutes wasn't boring Time went by so quickly I like action movies. It was so much fun Great action, great acting, great story
10,The last Christian Bale act was awfulThe movie was two and a half hours long. I was surprised to see the watch
10,Everyone, I strongly recommend itRacing scene
10,I'm willing to watch it twice It's so much fun
2,You've got a hell of an ending--
8,It's fun. It's worth watching It's fun.
10,7000 RPM, where Ken Miles lives
9,It seems that the family affair and Matt Damon and Christian Bale's fight in between didn't come to life properly. When I saw this content during the Academy evaluation, it seems that he had no choice but to put it in. I would've rather saved the trouble with Ford and the car development process.
10,Wow, the engine sound is relieving my stress The story directing is good. It's also touching that it's a true story
8,The last hour is definitely worth watching in the theater. Overall, friendship and fighting spirit between the two characters are also good.
10,
9,Two and a half hours passed so quickly!Please go to the movie theater and watch it
10,I was not interested in racing at all, but I watched it with sweat. It is the meticulous compositional script, flow-like production, probability, and acting ability that becomes one with the character that produces masterpieces even with materials that are not interested.
10,The engine exhaust and the transmission are still shaking my heart You're the best!
8,It's a realistic racing production that makes your hands sweat all the time. 7000RPM!
10,Who are you? It's a question that pursues the essence of movies the most. an independent film disguised as a commercial film.
2,I'm going to see you today, but with trashy receptionists and rating-managing part-timers, I can't even try to get some information in advance, because politics puts in a cell when it's rigged, but why isn't it done here?
10,Make sure to watch it. It's so much funYour acting skills are the best
10,Why do I see Jung Woo Sung in Christian Vale?
10,Wow, the movie that I really thought I was running. ^^ Goosebumps
10,I get goosebumps just by listening to the sound.It's a movie worth going to many times.My favorite movie came out after a long time. It's simply amazing.
10,Even if I pray at the last episode of Le Mans 24, what's up with your directing?
10,Existence, presence, presence, presence, so much fun
8,I like everything, but the running time was a bit long.Slightly bored in the beginning and middle of the year
10,It became one of my favorite movies. J, Even though I don't know much about games, I enjoyed watching it. As soon as it was over, I wanted to see it again
9,Smoke, smoke, smoke, engine noise
10,A movie that makes your heart race. Good acting. Good story. Good fun
10,The perfect movie. movie fee? 12000? I think I should get more. My hands are sweaty and hot when I watch a movie. My favorite movie. Make sure to watch it's a must.
10,I didn't expect much, but it's fun~~
10,It was my favorite movie. I saw it yesterday, but I still remember it vividly today. Christian Bale's Ken Miles is so good at acting. Especially his facial expression and immersion were so high. ㅠㅠ 봐 I really enjoyed watching it. At the end, he peaked and said, "Where are my friends?" I got really choked up in that scene. The action was really cool, too. Actually, I went in without knowing the time, but it was more than 2 hours of movie I didn't even know it was a poem. The role of Shelby in Matt Damon is really... It was cool. I loved the chemistry between Shelby and Ken.
10,The hottest movie of my life than the movie released this year. The movie that I can enjoy even if I am not interested in racing
10,Bale's acting is the best, too
10,Wow, really... Just 10 points...
10,If you can enjoy racing for 2 hours with 4DX SCREENX for 20,000 won, wouldn't it be over? The story is excellent as a bonus.
9,Car action is also action... I want to show it to the suit executives
10,If you're a racing maniac, you can't miss it
10,It's like I'm a racer in a row of actors who don't get bored
10,
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,The production is amazing. The gears are manual
4,The whole thing was fun, I didn't know that the two-and-a-half-hour running time went by so quickly, but even if it was a translation or a text, I was disgusted by Can Miles's duplicity, so I put out my car with a wrench, and when I told my sons to feel distressed car and treat me with love
10,the best movie that makes one's hands sweat
10,The acting is amazing. How did you film it?
10,The movie I only watched to see the racing action of the car or my best movie of the year... Four consecutive wins at Ford's Le Mans are the result of a passion for very few cars, and 7,000 rpm may be a quantification of passion.I loved the background music of each movie scene The atmosphere of the movie was so nice and nice But I will never play Ford. I want to beat Im Wonjin
10,
10,I don't know what it is, but I watched a two-and-a-half-hour movie without even knowing the time was passing. It's no match for Frozen. A must-see movie. It's the best
10,I just watched it without any expectations, and it was so much fun!
10,Whenever I see BB cream, I can't put it on because I'm angry
10,I'm sick of it in many ways. Hollywood movies have come to life!
10,What words are needed? It looks like a maniac movie, but it's not like that at all, and it's a true story of two men's human challenges who purely look at the achievements they want to achieve.
10,It's been a while since I was into it
10,It's a movie. I should watch it again later
10,
10,
10,It was a much heavier and more resonant work than expected. It is fun as an entertainment movie and the bromance of the two main characters is attractive. As a drama, it is complete and the actors' acting is perfect. It's a work that leaves a strong impression.
10,This movie should really be seen on screen. If you watch it on TV later, you will be very disappointed.
10,Two main characters' breathtaking fighting action scene
10,I loved the overall beauty of the video.
9,The actors' passionate acting was a video, and it was based on facts, so the dramatic elements or finish did not lead to much fun, but it seemed better that it was not a forced emotion or finish.
10,
10,
5,If you're an American, you'll get drunk on mi-ppong, but since you're a Korean, the story ends with "Oh, I see." It's fun to the point where time flies, or there's nothing so interesting about racing itself
10,I can't believe it's a ticket for a sweaty, nervous action scene
10,I was surprised again that the running time was 2 hours and 32 minutes. I'm amazed by the time-losing directing skills.
10,It was so nice to see a proper movie for the first time in a while, including story, directing, sound, and acting skills. However, I felt it when I made a reservation, but it's too bad that the time zone is relatively small because of Frozen.
10,I was wondering how I could last 150 minutes. Wow, you're the best. You'really the best Based on the true story, I was very curious and it felt like I was actually racing I strongly recommend your acting skills
10,I didn't know it was 2 hours and a half and I was mesmerizedIt's so much fun. Actors are so good at acting
10,Bale Met Damon...  the best performance
8,I felt so hot 감동 It was touchingI recommend you watch it at the sound theater
10,I got goosebumps. The best!
10,It's been more than two and a half hours and I didn't even know the time went by. Christian Bale is driving, and it's been a long time since I last saw a movie worth the money
10,It was so much fun and I was touched ㅠㅠ I hope there are many movies like this
10,Watch it at the theater no matter what!
10,The actors' acting and the video quality were great
9,It was a relief that I watched it in 4DX
10,Two hours and 40 minutes went by so quickly. It's a good movie.
10,It's a really impeccable movie. If possible, a must-see movie at a special theater!
10,I thought my heart would pop out whenever I was racing. There is a circuit in Korea, so if I have a chance, I should go see it myself!
10,The only problem with this movie is that it was released like Frozen 2
8,It's interesting to see the classic Ford Shelby birth movie from Pawnbrokers
8,I cheered for Ferrari in the last game. The last two presidents' race report said, "From the attitude of the two companies, I felt the management philosophy of the founder of the two companies. Ford is just a car dealer
10,Henry Ford II was terrified
9,
10,The story of two men who are passionate about cars and their natural talents, but harsh reality to realize them, but never give up their dreams
10,It's about the legendary American sports car Shelby Cobra.The world's best cars have broken the ice cream
10,10,000 won like Korean movie.
8,True friendship between two men. The thrill of the world of competition. Immersion. Good!   Actors' acting skills are good!  Seriously cool ^^
10,A movie that can give a rating of 10 even if you don't know anything about cars.I'm glad I didn't miss this movie.
10,This movie is definitely the top 3 movie of 2019, even if you are not the best movie car mania, please watch it
10,I was touched by their friendship, and I applaud their passion. It was a really good movie.
10,It's so fun. (Is it because I like cars?
10,I didn't even realize two and a half hours passed
10,For those who like jidong tea, Chu-Chu-Chu-Chu-Chu!
10,Suwon CGV, which has many movie options, has a better sense of reality as IMAX, and the acting of the two main characters is also the best.I lost track of time and enjoyed it.
10,I should watch the movie of my life again
10,
10,
10,It was really good. It's not boring
10,The exhaust sound and the directing make my heart pound
7,We can make racing movies in the 60's as interesting as this, but if Cyber Formula is made into a movie...
10,The sound of engine RPM going up throughout the movie makes my heart pound
10,
10,
10,Best acting, best speed, best movie! My heart is still pounding! It's not just a speed action movie. It's my life movie!
10,It's not my favorite genre, but overall, it's a perfect movie
10,
10,It's the best. I enjoyed watching it without knowing how time went by.
10,Do you want to see me win Hyundai Le Mans before I die?
10,Wow, it's real presence 2 and a half hours, touching and Chinese
10,Life is about self-satisfaction
10,2 and a half hours went by so fast and I can't be bored I definitely want to recommend it
10,Why isn't there anyone who saw this? It's so much fun
10,I saw it at the MX government office. It's the best. I am sorry that I am not interested because of Frozen. Going to see more at 4DX tomorrow.
8,How do you say hello?
10,Europe vs. the United States, the best movie I've seen in recent years
10,
10,It's my first racing movie since I ran so fast. It's amazing I was mesmerized by the magnificent sound of the car exhaust in the racing sequence. I almost peed in the second half, but I held it in and ran out right before I came in If you like cars that much, or if you're not interested, it makes your heart pound Women also enjoy watching it It's a shame that there are few theaters because of the Frozen monopoly ㅜ
10,Crazy acting, crazy videos, crazy sounds...
10,
10,I enjoyed the movie^^
10,I watched it without knowing anything about racing, and it's so much fun.Haha
10,Matt Damon is really good at acting like he's chewing gum.
10,My heart's RPM soared to 7,000
10,If you're a man, you should watch it Goosebumps haha but female ratings are high too. Is it because of the two verified acting skills?
10,It's been a while since I watched a thrilling and fun movie
10,Please watch a movie like this in the theater.
10,Best movie that is fun, not boring, and well-made!
10,It's the best movie of the year.
10,Ken Miles himself, the god of homage to Christian Vale
9,That's how Ferrari and Ford are located. Applause for Christian Bale's acting
10,It's because babies are scared of Frozen, but Popeye is number one
10,Frozen screen monopoly, no place to watch weekend Ford Ferras It's all sold out... A dog like this...
10,
10,This is crazy. It's my favorite movie
9,Add a spoonful to the touching stories of racing lovers, the bureaucratic Ford and Italian pride Ferrari!A movie full of joy of watching a good movie as well as the pleasure of racing!
10,It was so much fun. I fell in love with the speed of time
10,I really wanted to slap Ford on the nose. It was the best. I like both of them so much that I am moved
10,7000개 이상 지옥처럼 사라짐
10,It's so much funI really want to beat John the vice president
10,Wow... It's my first time to get a rating, but I'm so sorry that I saw it for free. Why don't you watch it? Please watch it. Please watch it You have to get 10 points. ㅠㅠ Willing to watch it again 10,000 times. This movie is crazy
10,Hello. Met Damon
10,Why American cars can't beat Italian cars
9,The expectations were just too high and it was fun!
7,Watching a car racing movie.  I was sleepy. Let's be more careful about choosing a genre.  The rating of Lotte Cinema is also useless.
10,This is a movie. We can't pick a movie like this in Korea
10,Wow! It's a thrilling movie with a heart attack.It's a true story, so I'm more focused.Acting skills. Directing is awesome.Fun.
10,
10,The movie of my life... I was Ken Miles the whole time
10,I lost track of time.It's really the best ㅠㅠ
10,1 million out of 10
10,
10,The movie of my life. The movie of a man.
10,The best moving piece of the year!^^
10,If you like cars, it's your favorite movie.
10,Bale beat the Joker this year.
10,The story, the acting, everything is good! The movie was pretty fun.
10,
10,a thrilling film I lost track of time
10,It's unbelievably funThere are dozens of movies that I've watched every day, but I've been focusing on this whole timeI'm so sad that I can't deliver everything with perfect words. Even though I'm a woman, I thought it was a race movie at first. But as time goes by, I think it's going to be boring. Please watch a movie that shows unbelievable concentration
10,Korean movies have something that you can't keep up with.
9,You have to watch it in theaters, if possible, in 4dx.
10,
10,Except for the close-up shots of the Le Mans scene, which was the climax of the movie, and the extreme expression of the conflict between Ford board members and Ken Miles, the directing performance was all good. Especially, the sound of the V8 engine vibrates the chairs in the theater
10,I lost track of time and watched it! You're the best!
10,It's an American movie, but it wasn't boring for a second
10,Sometimes it is necessary to live at a pace with others. Even if he can't get out of the car... Well-made Hollywood movie that I haven't seen in a while. I lost track of time because it was so fun. I recommend watching it on 4dx
10,It's so much fun. The story, acting, and directing were all good.Especially in the racing scene, my hands are sweating.I strongly recommend it.
10,I have to watch it in the theater because of the exhaust sound. This is how you make a hit-and-
10,My heart is pounding like an engine!
9,If our lives reach 7,000 rpm, there will be something to meet.
10,I lost track of time I recommend that you feel like your hair is all over your body for the last hour
10,It's so much fun
9,It reads "Ford V Ferrari" and "Carol & Ken". Carol Shelby defended her friendship between duty and friendship, and Ken Miles remained true to his instincts between family and instinct, but eventually made a choice for family and friends, not for himself.
9,This is what a movie is like. There is no time to be bored throughout the 150-minute running time. A must-see movie in the theater. Damon and Bale's perfect performance is a bonus.
8,It felt more real because it was real
10,Immersive, acting, everything is perfect
10,Using their beliefs as an engine, they run beautifully.
10,
10,
10,As soon as I left the theater...I was already... igniting the engine, putting in gear, stepping on the accelerator and becoming one with the road.Like them, I confidently post this movie as one of my life movies! The only movie that I strongly recommend in 2019! Just watch it! At least the tickets aren't a waste!
10,It's a movie based on a true story.It doesn't come out to fight, but the race itself makes my heart race.I strongly recommend it!
10,Blood-boiling masterpiece made by troubled children with broken brakes
10,The importance of brakes...
10,This kind of movie is a masterpiece. I was really satisfied after a long time.
10,
10,Honestly, the first movie was boring because of the character description and the development explanation, but after that, I watched a movie and wrote a review for the first time. A movie that any man would like
10,My heart is pounding. ㅠㅠ It's fun
10,It's also a movie that made me realize that in order to achieve something, I have to overcome a lot of adversity, and that achievement requires hidden efforts.The history of the two... It's really amazing. And it makes me realize once again that the enemy inside is always a problem.
8,It's not too much. I loved the hyperrealistic story
10,Watch Dolby Atmos. The sound is amazing
10,Christian Vale's acting is great, not to mention Matt Damon. The sound of a car bounces my heart!!!
10,It's so fun to be immersed in the most Strongly recommend
10,have no time to be boredYes, yes, yes
10,If it's Matt Damon and Christian Bale, it's over
10,It's my favorite movie. I don't need any words Just look. I love you, Matt Damon
10,The moment he raced through the rap in the car, he was the best Miles, who has been relentless and relentless on the rap without compromise, has become my idol I wish my heart would be as hot as lava and as fast as 7000 RPM I don't want to compromise, I don't want to give up, I want to challenge myself to turn the impossible into the possible, and I thought to Ken Miles that greatness would hold for me, too I want to run the world like Miles running on a rap because I don't care if I die in a year. I want to run the world with explosive energy
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.
10,It's such a good movie that I'm going to give you a rating.
10,The quality of the movie is so high. It's not a waste of money and time, so I hope you spend the same money and have a good cultural life
10,A film with a touch of cliché and a touch of cliché, not the obvious ending that everyone expects
10,Awesome! With the action that goes by 2 hours and 30 minutes and the actors' acting, I, a woman who doesn't know much about cars, was thoroughly immersed.The best movie!
10,
10,Great acting and directing! Even those who don't know Le Mans 24 can enjoy it
8,
10,A movie that I was mesmerized by! I got goosebumps
10,
10,Christian Bale was English, not Bruce Wayne. Best racing movie since Rush the Rival. At that time, Ferrari lost
9,A movie that makes a man's blood boil with the sound of a rough engine. Matt Damon x Christian Vale
10,I was touched I met a Ferrari designer a few days ago and I was glad It would be terrible if Ferrari were taken over by Ford I was amazed by the actors' acting skills and cried I watched a good movie after a long time ~
10,It felt like I was stepping on the brake when I was racing
10,The two most fun movies of 2019 are Joker and Ford v Ferrari. I enjoyed them so much. Hollywood movies are the answer
10,
10,Lee Iacocca... I said I'm used to it.I was gonna be Chrysler president.
10,I watched the actors' name values without questioning them, and they never let me down The coolest movie I've seen this year. I highly recommend it to the bosses and executives of each industry I hope you watch it and think about it.
10,a movie that lost track of time
9,I watched a good movie after a long time. a highly recommended film Wife and children like it, too. I loved the flow of the movie that immersed me throughout the play, and Matt Damon's performance... As expected, it's the best. The content is good. Why is this movie the second most reserved movie? Frozen 2 is so disappointing. Ford & Ferrari, a movie that everyone can enjoy. Recommended as a good movie.
10,It's more touching...
10,is 미친 영화 와우
10,The best... Well-made movie that's full of excitement
9,I wanted to go to the bathroom from the beginning, but I endured it until the end because I couldn't miss 152 minutes. I'm happy to see a movie worth watching after a long time.
10,152 minutes of running time also ran at 7,000 rpm
10,Whether it's real or not, it's refreshing, thrilling, and even calm touching! A drama that anyone wants to watch! It was even more exciting because it was Screen X. However, it's a shame that the sound of the movie theater didn't support it.
10,It's been a while since I had a really good time. Ken Shirley is awesome. I think I can still hear the engine sound. It's the best
8,The racing part is very good, but the story development is very boring.
10,You're the best. You're the best. You're full of swag
10,
10,This is really... the second rating I have in my life
10,I wasn't interested in cars, but it's so much fun
10,Um Junsik's chin bra is very strict
10,More than anything, I think the production is really good. The story is not that good. I don't know much about cars, but it's good to watch it lightly
10,Acting, directing, a movie that satisfies everything
10,Wow, this is the first movie I've seen since General MacArthur
10,King Wang Chan is fun. I felt a lot of things
10,I'm the type to not leave comments, but I have to let people know about this movie!It was the best movie of my life.Personally, it was more touching than Bohemian.Director, actor, story, everything is perfect!You have to go to IMAX SOUNDIf you learn about the history of that time before you watch it, you can enjoy it moreA film with a lingering scent that can remain a masterpiece.Look twice, three times!Haha
10,Among the movies I saw this year...I'm in the top three. As immersive as a parasite.The genre is perfect for my taste...
10,Guys like the vice president are in every company.
10,You can watch it even if you don't like the car, but if you like it, you can watch it more I hope that there will be no idiots playing full-axel on the public road.
10,Personally, I think it's my favorite movie It was a movie that made my heart pound all the time I was watching it People who don't know much about cars can enjoy it I'll give you
10,My life piece hidden in "Frozen"
10,Heart: Runs crazily above 7000 RPM
10,I checked the duration. It's too bad it's over.
8,The villain who was inside.
10,The story was solid and touching. Above all, I felt the thrill of racingMet Damon and Christian Bale just have to trust and watch.
9,A movie that made me realize that my car and my life have 7,000 rpm.
10,A movie that doesn't need words. What words do you need?
2,It's so much fun
2,It's so much fun
10,It was one of the best movies in my life. ㅠㅠ!! I wasn't really interested in these places, but I really enjoyed watching it with my boyfriend! It's a pity that I can't see the light of another movieㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it! It's my favorite movie
10,It's worth the credit!
10,I'm going to watch it again in 4D
10,
10,I was really looking forward to it, and it was more fun than I expected.It's a crazy movie.
8,The movie was fun, but there are a lot of over-reacting comments that I can't just look forward to it
10,It smells like oil. It smells like burning rubber. I can't say anything else.
10,Joker and Two Top Movies of the Year!!!
10,It's a movie that anyone who likes cars and racing should watch, which is completely different from the "Running in the Furious" series, where they were losing their way to a perfect movie without missing anything from directing, acting, story, and beauty
10,It was so much fun for me who liked tea. The fight between two famous companies, Ferrari and Ford, was interesting, as most people who like tea know it at 24 o'clock in Le Mans, 24 o'clock in the 20th centuryInstead, it may not be fun for people who don't know carsBut it was full of actors' acting and stories
10,Best movie I've seen this year! Met Damon Vale: How wonderful ㅠㅠ The story acting, directing, and immersion are flawless and humorous and touching
10,My heart is pounding all the time I see it.
10,I was coming home after watching a movie, and I played full-assel without realizing it. It's a poo, but the engine sounds sublime.
10,
10,I feel sorry for Ken Miles.  It's a long running time, but I lost track of time and watched the movie.
9,
7,The power of the Ford GT40 has been transferred to the screen so that you can feel the power
9,I enjoyed watching it.
10,There's nothing to say Just go and seeReally
8,It is an exciting movie with good immersion without knowing the time goes by.The sad ending was endless, but it's a true story.I think 7,000 rpm would be better for the title
10,I lost track of time and watched it
10,It feels like I'm racing like a real person. I'm a fool if I don't watch "The Thrilling
10,Just buy a Ferrari
10,Well-made traditional movie... His acting skills and sense of reality are overwhelming.A movie to watch on a big screen. What do humans live by? It's a movie that makes me check it out. I strongly recommend it^^
10,Well-made traditional movie... His acting skills and sense of reality are overwhelming.A movie to watch on a big screen. What do humans live by? It's a movie that makes me check it out. I strongly recommend it^^
10,Well-made traditional movie... His acting skills and sense of reality are overwhelming.A movie to watch on a big screen. What do humans live by? It's a movie that makes me check it out. I strongly recommend it^^
10,Well-made traditional movie... His acting skills and sense of reality are overwhelming.A movie to watch on a big screen. What do humans live by? It's a movie that makes me check it out. I strongly recommend it^^
9,
10,We really need to increase the number of theatersIt's the best movie of 2019
10,
10,We really need to increase the number of theatersIt's the best movie of 2019
10,
8,We really need to increase the number of theatersIt's the best movie of 2019
10,
10,Wow, there's no need for words.Make sure to watch it
9,I think this movie should reach 10 million, not 10 million
10,It's a movie that makes your heart warm with the sound of the engine. It's not a waste to give 10 stars
9,Smart, elegant action movie! Matt Damon and Christian Bale were able to see why they chose this movie throughout the movie!
9,A good movie after a long time! Christian Bale isn't acting, he's just trying to be him.
10,
10,Watch it in 4dx no matter what. There's no movie that's this good
10,
10,I lost track of time and watched it! Great acting, great directing!Two Something Up! ^^
8,It's a good movie to enjoy even if you don't necessarily like cars. It was thrilling and cool the whole time I watched it!
10,I watched it in 4DX and it was the best car movie I've ever seen in my life I've watched all the Fast and Furious series, but it's more interesting and moving than that, and it's a true story, and it's an incredibly interesting and moving movie Make sure to watch it??
10,It's been a while since a really fun movie came out
10,It's been a long time since I got excited watching a movie. Two and a half hours passed in a flash.
10,If it's fun, let's watch it again
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year.
10,I dozed off in the front and woke up in the second half
10,It was so much fun! I miss you again Haha
9,I rode e46m3 when I was young. Rpm red zone is a high speed engine starting at 7500!  It's been more than five years since I left, but I'm thrilled again today. Should I buy the last car of my life, Amgt or the M8 competitor!!! It's the limit of my vanity.
10,It's a lot of fun~Being pleased
10,A movie that never gets boring despite its long running time.
10,I didn't expect it at first.Action, fun, and touching. There's nothing missing. It's 2 hours and 30 minutes, but the movie I watched without checking the time is true
10,Definitely the best movie I've seen in recent years!
10,Do I need to say something? It's going to be watched multiple times
7,It was pretty good   I enjoyed watching it even during the long running time  If a man is interested in a car, he'll have a good look  Matt Damon, Christian Vale. Perfect match Haha
10,
10,It's just a masterpiece. When I see actors, I think they're cool
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,
10,It's the first rating I've ever had in my life. I still have lingering feelings.Best Movie of the Year
10,It's touching. ㅜㅜ It was fun
10,It was racing thrilling, lost track of time, and it wasn't boring even though it was a long running time with excellent visual beauty
10,♥♥♥♥ Make sure to watch it ♥♥♥♥
10,Breathtaking speed ㅜㅜ 넘 I love it The music is good, the acting is good, and I highly recommend watching more movies than the preview ㅜㅜ
10,I thought I was being sucked into the screen. At the end, I almost cried because I felt a proper bromance in a long time. It's the best.
10,Fun... Man's movie
10,Wow, there's nothing to say about the actors' acting. The directing of the movie is great, too.I didn't feel that the running time was long
10,It's more touching because it's a true storyMake sure you watch it. Your acting is great
10,Conclusion: The company Ford is bad company
10,You'll regret it if you don't watch it. truth
10,That's the best movie I've ever seen Acting is definitely a two-time actor who doesn't need words
10,Hyun-gi, a must-see movie at Monggu Motors!
10,In the latter part of the movie, I saw that I was so nervous that I even sweated! There were a lot of famous lines and I was sure it was my favorite movie as soon as I saw it
10,
9,
10,It was so much fun. It was more touching because it was a true story
10,It was so nice to see this true story in a movie.I salute Carol Shelby and Ken Miles.
8,My heart is pounding.
10,Human story action. Nothing's missing
10,The best movie! It was a pity, but I was lucky to have such a good friend
10,Awesome. I recommend it. Best movie I've seen this year
9,It's hard to breathe for an hour after the movie. This is how the movie after Ben-Hur is made. It feels like after a long timeLet's see. At the theater. At the MX Hall. (A guy in his 40s)
7,A film that shows how much the Ford executives are, and that the real hard-working people are not treated and the trolls pick up everything. If you like cars, you should watch it. I hope it's Sean Michaels.
9,I'm not interested in car racing at all I trusted Matt Damon and watched it.Wow! Awesome! I was thrilled and enjoyed watching the movieThe sound of it still lingers in my ears. It's so much fun!
10,No, but I really don't want to accept the story, but I hate the real story even more
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.All the acting was good, and the tyranny of capitalism, which barks at purity and passion in front of commerciality in the story, seemed to show one side of this era, so I felt bitter.
10,I really recommend it!Older daughter, younger daughter (10 years old) Immersion is great
10,I can't believe it. He kept the movie line of the year so well
10,I lost track of time. This is real.
8,It's just fun
10,
8,It was really good. Recommend.
10,Real John 5 or funny old heart beats at 7000 rpm.
10,It's very Cho A Yeon and it's so much fun
10,I highly recommend a great movie that's not enough to give 20 stars
10,Throughout the movie, the movie time felt like 30 minutes, and I felt like my heart went up to 7,000 rpm mercilessly by drinking one shot with the addition of two shots of Americano.I really recommend the rotten society, the process of resolving conflicting conflicts, etc.
10,To be honest, my favorite movie
9,The coolest movie I've seen this year
8,I've seen the lessons and impressions of the obvious car race, and there's more to it
10,Two and a half hours were all tense moments.
10,I didn't know what it was about but I just watched the actors and I really enjoyed it I lost track of time and focused
10,It was fun even when the lady who doesn't know Cha looked at it. The last sound of the engine made me feel at ease.
10,I miss you again. Should I go watch the late night?
10,I was watching it while holding my breath. I was tired of showing the RPM section.
9,When I slowed down, I looked back at myself
10,Run on capitalism
10,There's no need for words It's the best.
10,This makes me want to drive
10,The two people who walk in reverse as if nothing happened to the audience running towards first place
10,The actors' acting skills were crazy. The directing was crazy. It was amazing
9,The actors show their own characteristics and time passes in an instant.I lost track of time = masterpiece
10,
10,For me, who likes tea, it was a movie like a gift to wrap up this year.
7,Met Damon is so cool I'll remember you, Ken Smile♥
10,+7000 It was thrilling^^
9,지옥에나 가라!
10,Wow, this is a masterpiece.My heart is racing! I recommend IMAX.O4dx
10,If it was so much fun, the acting of the two actors hurts my mouth and it's not even a thriller, but it's thrilling and touching, and I thought the director was IDENTITY Logan. As expected, the directing is so good. I want to see it again
10,You can feel the vibrato of the engine, the story, and the acting. It's a perfect movie. It's full of energy! You can taste it only when you see it in a good-sounding coffin. Definitely the best movie I've seen this year.
10,There's an old saying that Le Mans has a higher reputation than F1 in Baddett. You can't compare Le Mans with F1 these days R&D investment, astronomical investment costs, and the price of an automated machine are not comparable;;; LMP1 is great, but meditation is higher than F1 and Le Mans; you can't write that wrong F1 and Le Mans are not currently comparable car races F1's status is much higher
7,It's so calm
10,A movie that makes you want to go around the track.It's the most satisfying movie I've seen recently
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.Watch it on IMAX
10,Christian Bale's acting without words and realistic racing scenes. It was a movie with nothing to be desired!
10,Apart from the excellent car racing scenes, it contains deep stories such as the tenacity and challenge of one human being, and the jealousy of others who envy it.  The title is rather childish.
10,Fun and time flies
10,Choosing 4dx was a great move, but I have never seen a movie that touches a man's heart like this in the movie.
10,A movie that will cure your turtle neck...It's a movie that makes you want to drive!
10,If you don't look forward to it, it could be the best movie of the year.
10,It's just the best. Really ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,
10,You're crazy. You're crazy
10,You're crazy. You're crazy
10,You're crazy. You're crazy
8,I'll watch it one more time before I get off
10,My hands get so nervous that I'm getting wet. As expected, Christian Vale and Matt Damon. I recommend 4dx!
10,A really fun and refreshing movie in a long time!
10,
10,
10,A movie that people who like cars and those who are not interested will enjoy watching
10,It's fun the more I watch it. I really recommend it
10,Leo is going to hit Bibi's nose...
10,
10,It's one of the top five masterpieces in 2019.
10,Matt Damon's Christian Vale combination is the best, but the content is so much fun. I strongly recommend it."Step at 7,000 rpm."
10,The most interesting movie in the second half of the year
10,It's fun, touching, and sad all the whole time. Christian Bale...Matt Damon's acting was the best
8,I'm glad I got to know him in a movie, Ken Miles, a tragic geniusYour friendship with Shelby is so beautifulShe's a woman who doesn't know cars, but it was so touching
8,The chemistry between Met Damon and Christian Bale was good.
10,A well-made car movie!
10,I'm not lying, but I'm 100% immersed. The boring part in the middle for 10 minutes? That's not even close to two and a half hours, but if everything else is dope, Christian Bale's acting skills are really dope
10,Real men's movie! But my wife was sleeping next to me.
10,I really enjoyed it Make sure to watch it. You'll regret it if you didn't watch it
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movie
10,Anger Run? Poop tells us how the movie has ruined the rage run.L
10,
10,It's a must-see movie for a man who likes cars.It's more fun and touching because it's a true story, not boring at all while watching. I haven't seen a proper movie in years!
10,2 hours and 30 minutes passed in an instant.
10,
10,It's my life's work. It's very well made.
10,I enjoyed it more than I expected. Two and a half hours isn't boring at all.
10,The most impressive movie I've seen this year
9,Christian Bale, what the hell are you~~~~~
10,A movie that makes you hate Ford after washing Ford at first
10,It's a perfect movie for your life, with great acting, sound, and excitement
10,I couldn't relax an inchIt's a movie with the directing, color, and the acting of beautiful actresses
10,
10,
10,Even though it was a long movie, I didn't know how time went by and enjoyed watching it
10,The sound was all over my body. It wasn't automatic Chae Mania, but it was so much fun.
10,I dare say it's the best movie I've seen this year. Christian Bale's crazy performance leads me to the GT430 at 320 kilometers per hour
10,It's really funI got emotional
10,
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a movie that's full of excitement and I don't know how time flies, but it's a movie that's rare these days, and it leaves something after watching it.
10,H, Fifi Y!
10,My wife hit me in the back of the head while I was running at 7000 rpm on my way home
10,I hate American Ford. The smell of American business. Ferrari president is awesome!!!!  I don't want to buy a Ford
10,Best action. 2 hours and 30 minutes feels very short.
10,I had a great time watching a movie that I really want to watch
10,It's the best movie ever. My heart goes up to 7,000 rpm. I'm so touched^^
10,It's a movie that makes your hands sweat when you're just watching
10,The little kid who cried at the gallop now cries at the passion, not the car
10,It was the best movie of the year.
10,The acting was amazing. It's a luxury movie with great acting, story, and sound.
10,I think I know why Ferrari is better than Ford at this point. There is nothing lacking in directing and acting skills.
10,You can't express this movie in just a few letters
10,I didn't expect much from the movie, but I was surprised. I don't regret it.
10,It's fun. The two main characters are good at acting. I didn't know the long running time was going^^
10,I almost drove too fast after the movie
10,It's creepy ㅐᆻ다
10,When speed meets vintage. Best output from analog movies.
8,Matt Damon, Christian Bale. The two men's performance is... Awesome... The directing isn't bad, but if you don't know much about cars, you might feel a bit bored in the early and mid-term.
10,A touching, interesting art film from a true story.
8,"Spring with sweat in your hands" 2 points off because of the meaningless ending
10,Every actor's performance was good. I thought Bale's love scene was a bit strong in the middle, but I understood the ending and it was a time when I fell in love with racing after the cyber formula I saw when I was young.
9,I hope the oldies will see, feel, and improve
10,
10,After the movie, I wanted to buy a manual sports car.And I want to run without worrying about the gas price.
10,I didn't like all the car movies because they were CGs, but surprisingly, they acted well and it was thrilling. I enjoyed it
8,a well-tested racing filmThe ending is historically true, but I can't get rid of the feeling of a hasty finish.
2,If you think that a movie isn't this fun and you're going to die of sleepiness, just like a ㅜㅜ part-time job that makes you write a comment or a rating, don't watch it
10,I didn't watch the preview, but my husband wanted to watch it, so I watched it early today. It's a movie that you can enjoy even if you don't know about cars, and more than anything, you can feel the thrilling racing of your heart when you watch this movie. It was a movie that made me want to drive in a sports car. It was an impressive movie that I could feel many things after watching it. I'll skip the content because it might be a spoiler. Anyway, it was a movie with no new wave and good quality such as story directing and acting, and overall, it was more than expected. The transformation was surprising enough to see that the main character was Christian Bale of The Dark Knight in the middle, and when my husband told me, I found out. It's definitely a movie to recommend to your acquaintances.
10,I highly recommend a super fun movie that satisfies both actor story and video
8,My heart is still pounding It's fun.
10,There was a little bit of a trick in the title, but there was a story that went beyond the title. It was a great movie.
10,It was a little boring in the beginning, but gradually I fell in love with it. I was excited and thrilled as if I were racing The ending was bitter, but let's clap for the racing and the acting of the two actors
10,I really recommend it...I wanted to pay more for acting and directing
3,The title is Ford V Ferrari, which is about Ford vs. Ford. There are more stories about in-house politics than competition with Ferrari, but it was not bad because the directing of racing was fun, but it was not a memorable movie.
10,There's just no need for words. Two and a half hours really flew by.
8,The movie wasn't bad, but I don't know why I dozed off so much in the beginning. In that sense, I should rewatch 4D as soon as possible.
10,Best movie I've seen this year.
10,I saw that I'm not interested in cars, and I'm so immersed and excited in the racing scene. And the story is boring, but I'm not tired of it, so I saw it okay in the beginning
10,The running time is 152 minutes
9,It was boring but funny that taught Christian Bale the lesson that if he did something he wanted to do, it would never be a job, unlike an angry audience at the end
10,It's not just a race story. It's a sound from a Cha Almot's point of view, but the actors' acting and directing are so good.
10,I didn't know what it was, so I just went and watched it and it came out as one of the best movies of my life. It's still lingering. It's a racing movie. How did you make it like this? It's fun, every line is the best, everything is the best, everything is the best, everything is the best. Personally, I can't forget the first and last scene
10,You'll regret it if you don't see it. It's not a waste of my money, and it's not a waste even if I paid more.There's no need for words. We have to see.
10,It's worth watching just the actors' acting!!!
9,It would be nice if all the poor Korean movies were put down and only this and Frozen 2 were shown.I wish I could watch a lot of movies like this without loopholes. Christian's detailed acting is really good
10,7000rpm.I'm happy.Christian Bale.
9,Popular, corporate, and racing movies that know the rhythm of realism.
10,My perfect friend asked me to go see it, so I watched it without much information, but I'm immersed.  It doesn't feel like 150 minutes... They're asking why it's been 3 hours since I saw it. I strongly recommend it
9,a movie that captures a part of one's life
10,Awesome movie. Make sure you watch it
10,No time to be bored even for a long time
10,It's been a while since I've lost track of time, and I think it's easy enough to understand even if you don't know a car, and the chemistry between Met Damon and Christian Vale is fantastic
8,It's so much fun. I didn't know the time was passing The emotional change in the last race. Acting. Goosebumps
10,I didn't expect much but I was touched. I didn't even know the running time was 2:30. It's one of the best movies I've seen this year.
10,I'll watch it again at the theater. No new faction.
10,There is no need for words. If you don't watch this in the theater, it's like watching Avatar or Terminator on a small screen. The expected development or directing script saved it and personally, Christian Bail's performance was great.
10,From Christian Bale and Met Damon's acting to racing scenes, the immersion is no joke.
10,
10,
10,There's no need for words It feels like I watched a movie after a long time
10,
10,It's my first Naver movie review You should watch this at the theater
10,I went to watch it without thinking much, but when it came out, the best movie of my life
1,If it came out in the middle, it's
10,I saw it at the premiere. It's just awesome
10,This is the movie. Over two hours of running time goes by as fast as the speed of a sports car.
10,Maybe because it's based on a true story, it's a movie that makes me realize it even more real
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year
10,
8,With the sound of the engine, the stress goes off!
10,I watched it with my elementary school kids. It was so much fun. Touched and thrilled
10,My heart pounded the whole time I watched.
9,It is a movie that makes you feel the heat and bring you to life when you do what you like.
10,My Lick Like 7,000 rpm
10,
10,
10,It's funny how Ford cries
10,Jason Bourne and Bruce Wayne combine, who's going to win.
10,Christian Vale and Met Damon's performances are up
10,The eyes and ears of the movie, which reminds us of the need for a theater, are pleasant. Well-made dramas are a bonus!
10,
9,It's really hot. It's a pity that the audience on the way out is going to be fun if the woman concentrates, and if he likes cars, he'll be excited It's just a great movie.Encho Ferrari and Ford Henry are also irreplaceable. The idea itself is different
9,Acting is, of course, the best. It's good to watch without knowing the true story. I get nervous every time the car goes up 7000 rpm, and I want to watch it on 4D, and I want to drive a car right in front of me. I thought it was just a McGuffin if I thought I couldn't open the door with a hammer when it was broken again.
9,It was more fun because it was a movie worth paying ^^ real story
10,I didn't know the story and thought it was a car welcome, but it's so touching. And Ken wife is such a wonderful woman.
10,I met the best movie of 2019 at the end of 2019 and I want to think about it again
10,I got goosebumps the whole time I was watching...
3,The cliched setting, the one-dimensional portrayal of characters, the loose probability, should all be tolerated as a great biopic?
10,
10,It feels like I'm riding a sports car. If you want to enjoy 7000 RPM, go to the movie theater
10,I just loved everything! Even though I don't know much about cars, I was thrilled. Christian Bale's acting was also great
10,
8,I watched a movie that you have to watch in 4dx
7,Ford's confrontation with Ferrari and the ranking competition in racing keep tension throughout the movie. And I fall into the movie with vicarious satisfaction with the roar of cars and the thrill of racing. However, the long running time was a bit burdensome. If we had focused more on the main page, excluding unnecessary parts in the middle, it would have been much more exciting.
10,I almost fastened my seat belt.
10,I was so immersed that I didn't know how two hours passed. What if I wanted to go to the bathroom in the middle, but I was so nervous that I didn't want to pee even though I drank all the coke and coffee
8,That's cool. For real? It's a sad ending, but... It gets boring in the beginning, but it gets more fun. It's playing for two and a half hours!
10,Became a fan of the best movie of my life, Ken Miles
8,A movie filled with engine noise, sweat, dirt, anger and patience. Two and a half hours fly by.
10,They say it's their first time, but it's the best. The most interesting movie I have ever seen in a movie theater. I recommend watching it in 4dx.
8,It was fun and I even watched it on purpose at the Screen X theater, but was it because of all the reviews? I don't know if it's to such a high praise. First of all, 8 points...  And I used to like F1 race a lot and I bought steering wheel joystick and enjoyed F1 racing PC game. I'm a little flattered that it's Le Mans 24, not F1, and it's quite comparable. If you've only been into F1 racing recently, you might feel a bit disappointed.But I think the racing scene is a great movie that makes good use of itWhy I didn't see the F1 movie called 'Rush the Rival' when I saw this movie. I'll have to watch that movie, tooAnd there's Lee Iacocca as Ford's marketing director. I'm sure everyone knows. He was once called a master of management, leading Chrysler, one of the top three U.S. automakers in the 80s and 90s.
10,If you don't need words, you just have to watch
10,I can't see the cool Batman anymore, but Matt Damon, who became a big fan of the movie that found Christian Bale, the acting director, but it was a stop!Chemie was so immersed in the movie as a fantasy man that she was immersed throughout the movieI strongly recommend it
2,I think I yawned more than five times with my girlfriend.What if you're not a big fan of Bale and Met Damon?A movie that makes me yawn a lot.
10,One of the few movies that gave me passion and motivation again. I thought I would enjoy watching it again.
10,Personally, I think Cacenta, who speaks English dialect, is sexier and cooler than the rich bat type
10,Seven Battle RPM!
9,The storyline was perfect and Christian Bale's acting was amazing
10,I watched the perfect rap somewhere far away.
10,I thought it was 152 minutes after I finished watching the movie. 7000 RPM fluctuates in my mind.
10,My heart is beating at 7000 rpm
10,Wow, the acting of Maura and the sound of the real car and the actors, 7,000 rpm, was so grand and really fun to watch. After watching this movie, I also wanted to drive a car
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
8,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
8,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I was so focused that I didn't know how time went by. You're the best!
10,I watched it twice. Make sure to watch it on the big screen with good sound. It'll be even more interesting if you search Le Mans 24 and Ford GT40 before you watch it.
10,"Fan ID" recommended this year's movie
10,
10,It's the best movie in racing I strongly recommend screenX I'm so immersed in the racing scene
10,Can I see Korean cars win Le Mans 24 before I die?
10,Must be the best movie of my life.It's been a long time since I saw a movie like this and stepped on the accelerator
10,Mad Max in the 1960s, where everything is perfect
10,It's my first time getting a ratingㅠㅠ It was so much fun!Acting, directing...I think I enjoyed the movie the most out of all the movies I watched this year!
10,Although the movie time is long. Feel time is as fast as Miles' 7000 rpm
10,
10,One more thing added to my life movie.
10,
10,I don't know why I get the same money as cheap Korean movies. Filming, acting, directing, editing, and above all, a story script based on a true story.
10,I'm a woman and I'm not interested in cars at all, but I happened to see them with my colleagues.But it's so much fun. All the names of old cars are in this movie. I got it from Gyeonggi Trek and the name of the game. The male characters are really good at acting and the immersion is the best!I watched the whole race with a throbbing. 2 hours and 30 minutes passed at 7000 RPM.You have to watch it in the theater to feel this. I strongly recommend it!
10,Seven-Ta-Woo-Jeond R.P.M
8,I don't need to say anything. I just clenched my fist while watching. Good
10,It's really fun Based on the true story, it's even cooler to see you drive more thrillingly
9,an immaculate film
10,Definitely the best movie of the year.
10,
9,a pretty good movie Famous lines: Hello
10,It's a movie that recommends speeding. But it's so much fun
10,Seriously the best movie I've seen this year. Christian Vale acting crazy. Matt Damon did a good job, but I can't stop thinking about Christian Bale. The director's directing skills are amazing
10,Why is the score so low? It should be 9.7 out of 10
10,It's just so much fun, the best movie I've seen this year
10,This movie is real...
10,A friend who believes in him has a family.There's something pure in the world that you really like.I was so touched when I entered the movie theater thinking about the car movie.
10,Wow, that's crazy The most memorable movie of the year! I think it'll be more realistic if you watch it in a movie theater with good sound
10,I went with my son who likes cars without thinking much and came out with a lot of fun. There was loyalty and friendship between men, and it was good to look into a scene in the history of cars, and the fast racing, and the retro weathering screen, which is popular these days, was perfect for my taste. I think both male and female viewers will like this movie
9,Saw a great performance on Christian Vale. It's too bad that I went to the bathroom in the middle because it was cold while drinking water with popcorn. It's a bummer to see the ending. The reality is more like a movie.
10,He beat his high-powered counterpart, who is no better than his high-powered counterpart, and picked a true story about his new history in the automobile industry. Even those who are not interested in cars will be able to enjoy watching and feel the engine sound of GT40 if they are passionate and have a goal in life.
8,Wow, Batman and Bourne are together, so you're done, right?
10,Christian Vale... It was the best movie. Amazing acting. I'm just thankful
10,Watch out for 7,000 rpm
10,Ken Miles' persistence and tenacity really paid off in the movie, a very attractive character
10,I fell in love with the acting of the two actors, so the running time over two hours wasn't boring at all
10,My heart was pounding and I couldn't breathe. The feeling of my heart being crushed by the director's hand. After watching the movie, I feel that the running time is not long at all. The adaptation, directing, and visual beauty of the true story are excellent. Acting is a given.
10,Best movie of the year. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood and Joker made this year shine.
7,To be honest, it was loose compared to the rating. Even if it didn't take two and a half hours...
1,Very boring...Tom Cruise's Furious Run Less than Half of His Action Really Little LOL Let's not manipulate the YouTube Cha Si-seung's screen time I really looked forward to it and went to see it I'm afraid I'll be late, but I'm really not looking forward to it. It's a drama film. It's a movie that didn't cost a lot of money to produce. Don't be fooled.It's a true story, so if you win or not, you die while practicing at the end
10,It was the best movie of the year. b After the movie, I went home by car, but it still feels like the movie is not over.
2,It's unnecessarily longThere were a lot of people who came from time to time and went from time to time There were a lot of people who said it wasn't fun in the bathroom There aren't that many action scenes. It's loose I realize how weird Ford is In conclusion, I didn't like it. My acting was awkward
2,Honestly, it's okay to watch it in 2D. The car action scene is big four times? About 5 times. The rest of the drama is boring...It's just a drama movie. There's no big action It's a true story, so there's no dramatic victory Ford Motor Company is a movie
10,The exhaust sound that rings the heart of the 427 V8 engine. That alone lacks five stars.
10,There's a good reason to give 10 points for being immersed
10,Best movie I've seen this year!
10,Go to 4D no matter whatlol
10,I watched it without knowing what it was about, but it was so much fun that I kept looking for it even after a few days.My acting skills are the best, and when I started watching the theater, it was cold, but I dropped it on my hands.It was Choi Boi
10,The brain cells are standing tight. It's the best!
8,It's a racing movie, but it reinforces the elements of the drama. In the second half of the race, Le Mans is full of excitement, but the encounter or development between Ford and the main characters before the race can be boring if they are not very interested in or have no knowledge of motor sports. Compared to "Rush the Rival," which was released a few years ago, it was a bit lacking
10,It's been a while since I watched it with sweat on my hands
10,
10,This is a car movie, hit squads!
10,The best movie of 2019
9,There aren't many movies that have a good combination of stories, actors, and directors. This movie is in perfect harmony. You don't have to know about cars, but if you're interested, it'll be a lot more fun and interesting :) 1 point is taken away in a very long running time ㅜㅜ
9,I wonder how much my heart beats when I go to see racing. It's this much even if I watch it in the theater
10,If a foreign movie that suits their taste comes out, they will compare it to their own movies and take it down. They will ignore everything they do everything they do
9,It was so much fun Thanks to you, I wanted to race But I can't understand my wife's character.If the fantasy about my wife was great, it would have been fun enough if I didn't do that, but that part is sad and the action part is kkkk
10,A movie that reminds me of how happy life is to be able to do what I want to do
10,The best movie of 2019, the thrill and lingering feeling on my body. But the beginning part might be a bit boring
10,Why did I watch this in 2D?  I'm regretting it. I should watch it again on ARMY or 4DX Pew
10,It's a dog, honey, honey dog, honey dog
10,I didn't expect much but I really enjoyed it. There's nothing missing from the acting and directing story
10,I just saw it. It's been running for quite a while and there's no time to get bored. Before I watched it, I was going to watch it for killing time, but when I watched it, I was totally into it.His acting is very good, based on a true story, the story is solid, and the racing action is really well made.
10,A movie that races for 150 minutes... A movie that makes me want to listen to See you again.
10,Very few people find out what to do and commit to it.
10,When I saw the score, I wondered how bad it was to manipulate the score from the first day, but it was real, not fake.Those who fell asleep while watching this movie should reflect on their lack of concentration.
10,The sound of an engine that makes a man's heart beat
10,If you feel the speed when you're driving with the chairman, you'll be funny when you cry
10,The number one movie I've seen in theaters this year! I hope everyone watches it!
10,I think I've never seen such a tense movie in three hours.Make sure to watch it at the movie theater.No other sound is required due to exhaust sound.It's a masterpiece of men's lives.
10,Just put on your "life's work" diaper in three letters. You lose in no time
10,This is racing
8,The sound of the engine fills the OST
10,It is one of the top three movies in 2019. Trust me
10,
10,Best acting, best directing and best drama! We are instinctively interested in other people's stories. A great drama that will satisfy those instincts
3,I don't know if it's because I have high expectations for my favorite brand, but the Le Mans scene is as boring and sleepy as I expected, but the development in the early and mid-term is so boring The actors' performances were very good, but the way they tell the story is so boring
10,It's really, really fun ^^ Two and a half hours flew by
1,12/06 Watching at Yongsan CGV IMAX. I can't believe I'm making a movie like this with two great actors. I saw a review that common jajangmyeon was really fun, and I was totally fooled. Unnecessary comic elements (not even funny), too boring hosting, and reaction by race situation of an old lady who looks like Park Carlin and her son are not a new drama in the 70s, and the racing atmosphere is not that close. Just 4 out of 10, not even boring. I purposely give him 1 point to lower his score.
10,She's the best woman in this year's movie. I really enjoyed it. I loved it
9,A man can't help but ride in a fancy car called this movie. The last great movie of the year!Pyeongsik gave me 7 points. Trust me
10,It's my first time to get a rating and I lost track of time because it was so much funㅠㅠ The actors and actresses are good at acting and directingㅜ
10,I felt like I was running 24 hours from work to the track
10,
10,
10,Best movie of the year!!!
10,You have to watch it no matter what. It's so fun. Good good
10,A movie for car lovers. I think the action sequence of the race is the best
10,I watched it in 4dx and time flew!
8,Should have taken out the whole family and done it for two hours
10,The movie is a thrill for those who know the overwhelming heart of success that they achieve by pushing themselves to the limit and making near-intense efforts.
10,I've never seen a watch in a movie theater. 152 minutes passed by
8,As soon as I came out, I wanted to hit RPM7000 and drive The best
10,We should raise the price of the movie to over 7,000 RPM
10,
10,
10,Matt Damon's Christian Vale acting, background sound, music story, perfect
10,I was the only movie I've seen this year that I didn't feel sorry for any money. I think people who do what they want to do are really happy Like Miley
10,Everything was fine I'm a 31-year-old reservist with a Type 2 normal license
10,Despite the long running time, it was not boringEspecially the racing part, I feel like I'm driving
10,The storyline was perfect, the car's charm, the main actors' acting, and Matt Damon's acting stood out It was so touching and fun. It was 152 minutes that made my heart flutter.
7,Running time was so boring... It was my first time to doze off for nearly an hour when I met my husband since I was in a relationship. ㅠㅠ I trusted the review, but the last one was fun...
6,Don't be fooled, it's not funny and the story is a mess.Shelby's exoneration film. Racing? Not much.That doesn't mean camera work is good.Only Christian Bale's acting is awesome, the characters are all weird.The movie is full of confusing characters and there is no reason to be praised.
10,The racing scene is so immersive. I slept because I was bored in the beginning
10,Even though it's a rather long movie...I don't know how time went by because of the tension, excitement, and nervousness in my heart!I felt the excitement of being the main character of the race. Since it's a real story, I'm more into it!Strongly recommend!
10,I looked forward to it, but it's a masterpiece more than I expected
10,Christian Vale... The look in one's eye
10,I'm not lying, I clenched my fist, and I was nervous for 2 hours
10,In honor of Ken Miles, the pioneer who went to the unknown world at 7000 RPM.
10,It's my first time writing a Naver movie review. It was the best movie of the year! I didn't like the theme of racing, but I like the reviews. I'm impressed by the actors' acting. My heart is pounding with the sound.A great movie with three beats of touching, thrilling, and fun!!!I really want to recommend it!
10,I was immersed without boredom and admired Christian Vale, who became a different person for each role!
10,I watched it in 4D. It's a thrilling race. It's refreshing
10,This is a real movie...
10,One of the top three movies I've seen this year
10,
10,I hope to see top 3 movies in theaters this year. I almost regretted it
9,My heart beats at 7000 RPM throughout the movie.
10,The ending of the movie was amazing, but it's still fun
10,It's my first time getting a GPA It's the best that I recommend to my acquaintances. I like driving and have no knowledge of car hardware or history, but I really enjoyed it. The story is solid and it's a true story, so it's more touching. I remember your name, Ken Miles
10,
1,It's a waste of no fun money.  Even the people I've seen with are noisy and distracted -- your grade should be trusted
10,Even foreigners say hello when they say hello
10,The best movie of 2019...
10,It's a waste that I'm about 10 minutes late for work.Throughout the long running time.I can't get rid of the tension.Haha
10,
7,Results. Of course it's important, but my heartbeat in the process explains who I am. It's a movie that revives my passion once again. You'd better experience the magnificent sound in the theater.
10,Bibi, you punk!
10,My wife, who doesn't know much about my life movie, asked me to see her again, so I'm studying McLaren Ferrari Ford FiatLOL You don't know anything about cars, but you're having a lot of fun I highly recommend it.
10,
10,I really enjoyed it! It's too bad that this movie is second place...ㅜㅜ
10,a tearful and suffocating feeling
8,A proper reenactment of the '50s Le Mans: The Friendship of Ken Malls and Carol Shelby.a challenge to the best Love for family. It's a movie about men's hot asphalt race and everything
10,
7,Very American movie heroism sacrifice spirit family friendship resistance compromise 24 Why not go to Korea?Can't I go? If it was a fun movie after a long time, I always watch it when I buy movie tickets, but I take 3% of the movie ticket price to the Korean Film Development Fund, so why are all Korean movies trash or copy it?The fact that Korean cars have to go a long way to keep up with the price, durability, and performance of foreign cars proves that Korean cars have to go a long way, and Koreans can't help but buy Korean cars
10,It's my first time getting a rating. If you like cars, you can meet the movie of your life.
10,a heart that speeds up as fast as it can
10,A movie that's never boring during a long running time. It's been a while since I was immersed in the movie. Seeing these two actors on one screen is meaningful in itself and the actors' acting chemistry is the best.
10,
10,I'm a person who really likes car movies, and I really enjoyed watching them. I lost track of time The immersion was the best. I recommend you to watch this movie in 4dx.
10,It wasn't the powerful engines, the technology, or the engineers that drove the machine. The two men's hot hearts were the true engines that drove the machine.
10,Christian Bale's acting skills, who played a simple yet intense character in British pronunciation, and the unpredictable development during the long running time, made the audience unable to hit their eyes on the screen for a moment.
10,I have nothing to say but amazing
10, 좋은
10,The title is not valid. Ford vs Ford is the correct title. But the battle with Ferrari is too short
10,Boringly unfolding stories, immersive acting and racing scenes, everything was good, another masterpiece of the director following Logan
10,Action thrill. I got three!
10,It's fun. The chemistry between the main characters is good. It's not boring until the end
10,Directed! Action! Screenplay! No need to say anything else. It's 10 out of 10.  I was so into car racing that I didn't know it went for 2 hours and a half. If you're a car mania, make sure to watch it~♡
10,Christian Bale's eyes after the last game.Tell me everything. Why is Met Damon so cool?
9,Actors' acting skills. If you like cars and racing, you must watch this movie
9,I learned how Ford's gt40 won Le Mans 24 for the fourth year in a row. Also, Matt Damon + Christian Bale's performance was superb.
9,
10,
8,One of the most interesting movies released this year. I really enjoyed watching it. 2 hours and 32 minutes of running time went by so fast
10,"I watched a movie that was like a movie that was led by two actors without standing out for a directing story." "How long has it been since I watched it with high expectations, but it's amazing even if I don't watch it?" "Don't just talk about the story." If the two actors follow the breathtaking lines, they are on top of the race
10,I really enjoyed watching it. Will there be another movie like this? It's not going to be easy
10,You have to watch it. You don't have any interest in cars, but you're as immersed as Spring. You have to watch it
10,This is a movie. My heart was pounding while watching a movie this year
10,I hope you can all go crazy with this amazing racing feast
10,
10,I really enjoyed watching it.Matt Damon, Christian Bale's performance is a real treat
10,It's been a really long time since I saw a masterpiece.7,000 RPM and Men's Story
10,
10,2 hours and 30 minutes. 2 minutes and 30 seconds
10,Henry Ford II was a businessman and Enzo Ferrari was a passionate man. Encho's last greeting as Pete was a tribute to Ken and a tribute to him.
10,
10,
10,Moderate tension Humor Joy Fury Sadness Sadness So funny
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen this year
10,I saw a movie that made my hands sweat after a long time
10,It was a movie that made my heart race
10,You're the best.This is fun.
10,It's amazing that it's based on a true story
10,The racing scene is amazing. I've never even gone over 4,000 rpm, but I want to run LOL
10,It was so much fun that I wanted to stop time passing
10,Matt and Chris meet. Awesome
10,I saw today that there has never been such a tense car racing since the Fast and Furious series.I felt like I was driving as Ken.
10,
10,Watch it twice. It's going to be your life movie!
10,I saw it on ARMY, but it's amazing. It's like a real race
10,It was a great movie that satisfied my expectations 100%
10,If you like cars, it's a perfect movie, and if you don't like cars, you'll regret not liking cars.
10,
10,a thrilling movie
10,Watch and learn the hit class.
9,Two and a half hours goes by quickly, including tension and attractions.
10,I can't express my life movie in words.
10,I can't say anything. I'm antsy. I don't usually write this score, but I have no choice but to write it down.More people need to see it.
10,The music and video did not give me a chance to be bored throughout the movie.It was the best movie ever.
10,It is my first time to leave a movie review. That's crazy.
10,Best Film - In Honor of Ken Miles
10,150 minutes went by so quickly. His acting is so cool
10,It's my favorite movie of 2019.
10,Before watching the movie, Ford v Ferrari, Ken Miles v Ford + Ferrari
10,It's my first time getting a rating after watching a movie. Time flies
10,Ripple, the first movie of the year, is a heart-throbbing movie of the movie of the year
10,Ripple, the first movie of the year, is a heart-throbbing movie of the movie of the year
10,It's a movie that you have to watch in a theater where you can feel the big screen and loud sound
10,I love Christian Bale's acting
10,As expected, Ferrari is the best car
10,I watched the best movie this year
10,It feels like a pent-up life is exploding. I envy life itself, which has left the peak of happiness.
10,Oh, my. My heart is pounding
10,
10,
10,I can't forget the sound of the engine
9,I can't forget the sound of the engine
10,I lost track of time
5,I fell asleep because I was bored in the beginning, but I focused a little bit in the second half. But I slept in between. The movie is usually boring. I went to see the score, but I don't think it's my taste. crying
10,I didn't expect much but it was so good. The exhaust sound that hits the heart. I've never been able to step on 7000 rpm. Make sure you watch it on IMAX.
10,The two men's acting is the best! Even though it's a long time, it's fun! It's touching! It's all good!
10,100 points for movies and 0 points for translation.
10,A movie that doesn't make you boredom
10,It's crazy. It's just crazy. Wow
10,It can't be helped because it's a true story, but it's dark.My blood pressure went up as I was heartbroken at the theater.
10,Acting and speed... What's the point of saying it?
10,It's going to be one of the top movies of the year
10,You must watch this movie in the theater!
10,I've seen more than 100 4dx movies so far, and it's the best effect ever. It feels like racing yourself, and it's not worth the money, so watch it as 4dx! I heard that the audience who watched Aladdin in 2d watched it again in 4dx, but this movie is 100% plausible, too! It could be more than that! It's the best masterpiece that's more touching and touching because it's a true story!
10,152 minutes passed like a scene in a movie. It's a movie that relieves stress and relieves you by watching Ford Ferrari. I strongly recommend this movie. Be sure to watch it
10,a film as good as Ken's car
10,I really lost track of time for 2 hours and 30 minutes.
10,I lost track of time^^
9,This movie is not allowed to go to the theater by car. When you get in the car afterwards, you want to step on the full acceleratorlol
10,My heart is pounding and my hands are shakingㅠㅠT
10,I was so immersed that I didn't know how the 2 hours and 30 minutes of running time went by
10,
10,Matt's performance as a big fan of Matt Damon was great, but Christian Bale's performance is the best in the world! Even though I was looking forward to it so much that I couldn't sleep at night, I was able to enjoy it more than I mean, it was more fun than I expected. I strongly recommend watching MX Hall!
10,I might have exaggerated to impress you without knowing it's a true story.What do you mean it's real?It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
2,It's really funny. I thought it was Ford For killing time, I was tricked. "Don't work part-time."
6,I can't believe I'm filming with Matt Damon and Christian Bale.
10,This year's fun movie is "Frozen Volba"
10,The passionate acting of the two actors and the exciting engine sound... a true masterpiece
10,There's a row of little fun
10,Not only the main characters' acting, but also the best supporting characters
10,It's so much fun. Even if I don't know much about cars, I enjoyed it
10,This is real. Ha ha.It's fun
10,The Ford GT in the cabinet howls at 7000 RPM. Step on it! Step on it! ^^
10,
10,Be sure to watch it in a theater with sound.
10,It accelerates like crazy.ㅠ
10,I want to buy a Mustang.It's a great movie
10,The sound is also very attractive!
10,If you like cars and racing, make sure to watch it
10,I'm so touched.You don't need to say anything. You have to watch it
10,I enjoyed it more because it was a true story
10,This is how you should direct and act A collaboration of video and sound effects that can maximize the audience's immersion!A sports car is just a spice that adds flavor, but the true taste of the movie is to taste the true breathing of two carmakers who are dealing with life
10,I watched it nervously the whole time!It's so much fun
10,I happened to take my car and watch this movie.After watching the movie, I saw myself holding the handle with both hands with a smile on my mouth for the first time in a very long time like when I started my car and bought my first car.Ah... I want to run!
10,Racing scene. Heart beating
10,People who do what they love in the world are very lucky. Because I can live without working all my life.
10,The story is very solid. I thought my heart was going to explode in the racing scene.
9,Wow, I can't believe I got the same ticket as the Korean movie. It's so thrilling~~'
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most in 2019
10,2 hour engine asmr
10,The movie was so long that my back hurt, but I think it's a really good movie! I think my heart is still pounding My ears sound like engines. I didn't know it was real, but it's realIt was more than I expected
10,Immersion like watching a 90-minute running-time movie. The best racing movie in recent years, a touching movie that's hard to say
10,It's almost my first time leaving a comment, and I really enjoyed watching this movie.I think it would be much better to watch it at the movie theater than at home.I looked at the clock for a second and it felt like an hour. That's how fun it is I recommend you to watch it
10,It's the best movie of the year. I felt a deep emotion that touched my heart.
10,At 7000 RPM, you can feel a beating heart.
10,The race scene was the best, and the acting skills of the two weeks were the best
10,It's a real story of real emotion. It's the best
10,The tension and thrill is the best!
10,I'm not interested in racing, but I enjoyed it
10,Last Christmas Bolla, I watched this movie and it was so fun that I thought it was a masterpiece even though I was not interested in racing
10,While watching it, somewhere in my heart is pounding
10,
10,car-lovinga must-see movie
9,I was able to watch it more immersed because of the engine sound that makes my heart beat and the overwhelming acting skills of the actors.
8,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie with good visuals and colors
10,A movie that I really focused on
10,The title of the box with the staff is weird, and the running time is long. If I was going to watch it for 5 minutes and go to sleep, I was going to watch it for 5 minutes, but I mixed it up.I don't even blink, I just watch the ending credits.It's a miracle that I wrote a movie review for the first time in my life
10,I got interested in cars after watching thisLOL That much, IMFACT is the best
10,The story was fun and the acting was great!
10,It was a movie that smelled like a person that I forgot because I got used to hero movies for a while.This is the best movie I've seen this year.It's not just a racing movie, it's just friendship and competition between men, conflicts between organizations and individuals.It's been a long time since the movie was light and made my heart flutter
10,The touching moments of a true story... I can't put into words
6,FORD v FERRARI
10,Christian's expression... It's worth watching alone. Throw the idea that it's a racing movie in the trash can...!
10,It's so much fun!
10,It may be a little boring in the beginning, but I can bear it because it's for the story. Why am I so touched? I was so touched. The acting is so good and it's such a great movie!
1,The part-timers are really annoying. They are sports car owners and they like cars, but they are not fun. I want to give you 6 points because I like the video and OST, but the score is so high that 1 point Dream girlfriend came out in the middle
10,Let's leave the car behind. Vroom vroom
10,Is this a movie or a racing scene, especially a movie with a very refreshing sound
10,Racing and sensitivity are proportional
10,It was so much fun. The storyline is so good. If it's not a common car action movie, I think people who work at a car cafe must watch it. If you know cars well, make sure to watch it I recommend it. I watched it as a group at school, and my friends who don't know cars enjoyed it.
10,The immersion level was no joke, and to quote some of the movie lines, it seemed to be running at 7,000 rpm for two and a half hours.
10,The tension and excitement are the best. I recommend IMAX You'll get drunk on the exhaust sound
10,I enjoyed watching it even though I wasn't interested in cars and racingI'm so immersed in racing. 3 hours flew by!
10,If the movie is an industrial product, Kim Ji-young's brand value is 10,000 won, and Ford vs Ferrari is 1 million won. -_-
10,The chemistry between Matt Damon and Christian Bale stands out!
10,A movie that is perfect itself. 3 hours without sweet potatoes, thrilling, like 30 minutes.There's no time to get bored.Christian Bale...So cool!
10,I lost track of time and watched it
10,It's a movie that I watched while my heart was beating
10,It was really fun to learn about the timesThe actors' acting was great and the visuals were greatI'll have to watch it again on IMAX again
8,My heart is pounding You are out of your mind.
10,It was a fantasy in 4D I want to make it a world where people like Miles can succeed no matter what Get the hell out of here
10,We met a movie no regret on the ebb and flow.
10,They say movies are good. Too bad the number of theaters is too small
10,It is a ' well-made ' ...Masterpiece.
10,Applause for Vale God's acting!
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most in the second half of this year
10,It's the best. It's so fun and touching.
9,I didn't expect anything, but both actors are so good and the story is great and well made. Humans like poisonous mushrooms are the problem in groups everywhere.If that's true, that's why Ford doesn't deserve Ferrari Porsche
10,It was so thrilling and fun
10,Racing movie for car fans!
10,For those who like cars, you can enjoy itHaha
10,A movie that only Ford and Ferrari can enjoy
1,I'm going to do this on the Volva
10,I lost track of time and watched it with nervousnessRecommend.
10,My heart is pounding with the engine sound
10,It was fun. My heart was pounding while watching it go up.
10,The fastest 150 minutes of my life
10,The fan chant sound of the engine is just amazing! Batman can be seen acting with James Vaughan with Captain America's shield
6,Batman and Dr. Mann have a war of nerves
8,If you look at the titles of the actors, they're amazingThe acting and directing were good, maybe because I had a little anticipation before watching it, but I dozed off a little because it seemed to focus on the story. Personally, I think "Rush the Rival" was much more interesting than this movie
10,There's really no need for words. I was worried that it would be a boring movie, but I couldn't stop being immersed until the end. After watching this movie, I slightly hated businessmen.
10,I watched it twice because it was so fun. It's the best I've seen this year
10,Honestly, Matt Damon knew right away, but Christianenvale just thought he was a dirty old man lol. Crazy acting, crazy story, crazy racing. I saw it as PODI, and it was the first time I wanted to show it to someone else
10,It was a really touching movie for Ford.  I'm going to the end of my mental goal that doesn't give up
10,It's a real movie
9,I thought it was a race movie, but it wasn't as loud as I thought and the direction was clean There's a moving part, so I enjoyed watching it I recommend it
10,If you watch 4D, you can enjoy the feeling of riding a sports car I strongly recommend it! The passion and innocence of those who loved racing itself!
10,Go! The best movie of 2019
10,It's perfect. The action is just a movie action, but it's different from the real thing
10,I still can't forget Bale's happy face as he raced for the last time.
10,It's the best this year. Not only the eyes to see but also the emotions
10,I must have lost track of time.LOL
10,Best movie of the year! I don't know if it's because I saw it through ARMY
10,I didn't expect anything because we went together. It's so much fun. It's a two-and-a-half-hour movie, so I was worried if I fell asleep or got bored, but I was worried for nothing and I was surprised that time went by so quicklyNot only the main character but also the supporting character. I really like it♡♡
10,Matt Damon, Christian Bale. What more do you need?
10,A movie that I want to keep later
9,
10,My heart was pounding so hard when I was going back and forth. I enjoyed watching it so much that I lost track of time
10,I was thrilled while I was watching the movie. The main actor's acting is also great. Even after the movie, my heart is in the red zone
10,I want to live with this passion
10,The best... I recommend you to watch it
10,It's really the best. There's no need for words.
9,I don't think I named it very well. I think the friendship and passion of the two men are more important than the Ford-Parari match. It's like a movie with a drama genre to watch. The running time is long, but I don't know it's long.
10,Quite a long time not boring at all The most interesting experience I've seen recently I personally recommend 4D
10,Watch 4DX for 7000 RPM experience.
10,This is a movie
10,I managed to resist the urge to step on the accelerator and turn the rpm3000 in the car on my way home... one of the few movies I watched with nervousness that made my hands sweat!! It's so much fun!
10,I'm losing track of time.It's not that long at all. 2 hours and a half hours!
10,Oh, it's the best. I just have to watch it
9,To put it bluntly, it's a movie that goes well with winter because it's a story of two characters who are bound to be environmentally ill while referring to Ford and Ferrarisa in a realistic way
10,It's crazy. It's got all the excitement and emotion
10,If I can run, if I can run on the road, I'm not greedy
9,My heart went crazy for 150 minutes!
10,It's so much fun. It's still lingering afterwards. The excitement and thrill of laughter, fun, and thrilling running. And the message to the people. It's just the best!
10,Korean movie kids are shouting screen quota after watching this kind of movie
10,Oh my! You have to see this!
10,I had a lot of fun!
10,Hello ^^ For a moment I doubted my head All of a sudden?
10,A movie that awakens the instinct of racing
10,The best movie of 2019! Crazy acting and crazy immersion! Watch 4dx!
10,All my hair was sticking out throughout the movie
10,SEVENTEEN fighting against Alphweb. SEVENTEEN fighting against Alphweb
10,It's a movie that makes your hands sweat even though you don't know cars. The best scene was the final performance caption. That was a great driver.
8,If I don't do this, I'm going crazy. Knowing what to do is probably a very lucky and wonderful life.
10,It was fun. The sound was so powerful. It felt like I was in racing
10,S.F.Bun fighting. J.D. Alfuwem
10,For an old man like me, last year was Bohemian Rhapsody and this year was Ford V Ferrari. Do you know that the music when entering Le Mans is the background music that comes out when MBC Sports started MBC Sports? Hah!
10,It's fun even though I looked forward to it.
10,A movie where you can enjoy the liveliness of driving yourself and the American atmosphere of the 1960s
10,[Watching] The sound of the engine that rings the heart of the 子의. Definitely the best movie I've seen this year!I should go see it again.
8,7000 RPM of electric shock.  The two actors' acting skills are enough to watch!
10,I like cars, so I thought it was a racing movie, so I went and watched it. It's so immersive that the running time feels short, and the acting is so good that I think it's the character, not the characters. It's a sad biography of two men in the mask of a racing movie. Other parts were good, but I think the story is the best movie. The ost is American and dry Matt Damon's western humor and the British accent of the Christian Bale family are acting on the ear? That's how well he melted his character. If you like cars, watch it. If you like movies with a solid story, I recommend it
10,It's a movie that only people who like cars go crazy, or it's a movie that everyone will like regardless of gender
10,It's not just a car, it's a movie that likens our lives, it's not a Ford-Ferrari fight, it's a movie like a Ford-Ferrari fightI really liked the exciting video and soundPassion reaching 7,000 rpm!It was a moving story. It was a meaningful movie to watch after a long time
10,It was a movie with soup, but it was fun
10,It's a man's movie. Make sure you watch it. My heart is racing.
10,It was more than two hours, but it was so much fun!   He's so good at acting
10,The explosive engine noise and Christian Bale's acting are superb!
10,It's so much fun. I didn't know the time went by and watched it
10,I saw it on 4dx with screenx, but I felt sorry for the money
10,Pyeongsik gave me 7 points or not Real
9,The main thing is drama, but there are also a lot of racing scenes, so it's a movie that fits 4DX really well. It maximizes cinematic fun through proper adaptation while based on a true story, and makes it impossible to let go of the tension until the end. After watching this movie, I was happy.
10,My best movie ever. The sound of a heart-breaking engine. Who are you?
10,It's my first time rating a movie.This movie is just crazy.
9,If you like tea, I highly recommend it!
10,
10,It's type 2, but I want to get type 1.
10,I think it's the last movie of the year.I've seen it in 2D, but the sound is great, the visuals are great, and the acting of Matt Damon Christian Bale is amazing. I'm a Matt Damon fan of this movie, but Christian Bale chewed it up.
9,I'll give you 9 points without looking. I'll watch it this weekend and post it again!
10,It's a movie where my heart beats at 7,000 rpm even after the movie.I recommend that you watch it on IMAX.L
10,
10,But I want to ride a Mustang!
10,Feel 7,000 rpm on a man's heart-throbbing exhaust engine
10,I hope you don't make a mistake while watching "Frozen".
10,
7,I thought it was Ford Pong, but it turns out that Ford Mack is a movie
10,Goosebumps! This is the best movie of the year. Hello! I heard it, too.
10,I really want to see this movie again. Crazy acting and everything was perfect. This movie exceeded my expectations.
10,Met Damon's Korean. Hello. Anyone who knows the truth?
3,Boring -- no fun. It would be fun for people who are crazy about cars, but otherwise, it's no fun
10,It's a very satisfying movie, in every way
10,I've lost track of time.
10,
10,The best movie I've seen this year
10,My favorite movie of the year... I want to watch spring again
10,My favorite movie of the year... I want to watch spring again
10,
10,The Essence of Automobile Racing Movies
10,I don't like it because I don't have SHOW YOURSELF, but I really enjoyed it
10,It's still funny to think about Ford when he cries
10,It's fun. Spring. I'm going to look for it later
10,I strongly recommend Wandak for those who like tea
10,Bad luck hidden in the Frozen. It's a movie that's worth the money just by listening to the exhaust sound. In addition, sophisticated production, and crazy acting among actors. What is this?
10,Veil is the best! It's been a while since I saw it
10,As I enjoy Kartrider, it was the best movie I have ever I cried a lot. I'm still emotional
10,IMAX>>>>Non-IMAX
10,You have to watch it at the movie theater I can't help but give you 10 points
10,I didn't have any expectations. What's with this directing and acting? Best movie I've seen in years! A movie that won't fall behind in "Frozen 2."
10,a film that realizes ideals and reality on the screen
10,I watched it with my girlfriend and I was satisfied with it
10,
10,Matt Damon, an actor you can trust... The story is fast and not boring for a second
10,This movie is perfect rap.
10,Christian Vale! I'm even angrier because it's a true story. I was so immersed.
10,I didn't expect it, but it's fun
10,There wasn't a moment of boredom throughout the movieThe actors' acting is also like watching a live-action version of Cyber Formula, which is more fun if you look forward to it and if you look forward to it's more fun if you don't look forward to it's like watching a live-action version of Cyber Formula
10,Korean movie tickets are 10,000 won?Ford v Ferrari. It's worth 10,000 won.a work of valueMake sure you watch it. It's the best.
8,It's been a long time since I saw a real car movie, and the triumph of a group achieved by individual sacrifice and achievement that no one recognized. Ferrari is better than Ford
10,I don't know much about racing cars, but I'm always surprised by Christian Bale's performance with my friend's words that the background, the factory, the sound of the car engine, the Ferrari factory, everything was well expressed
10,It's the best racing movie
10,Ford gt40 is a perfect representation of the reason why it was created and the situation of the time.The little baby and Yeoju were okay, and I watched it with tension and concentration.Maybe if my car was a Porsche, it made me feel the urge to do full axel.The best racing movie ever! It's the exact opposite of a gallop,
10,I watched 4DX With Screen X and I was so satisfied. When I was in the race, the video came out on the wall, so I felt the sense of realism. I felt like I was lucky enough to sit in the premier seat at 19,000 and watch a racing game. The combination of Matt Damon and Christian Bale's acting was so good, Christian Bale's crazy acting was brilliant, and the story, directing, visual beauty, and sound were all excellent because it was better because it was a true story. There are people who say the front part is boring, but I wasn't bored at all. I felt the passion of the people who made the tea, so it was so cool. A little sad at the end, I was moved because I couldn't fathom it when Ken Miles slowed down in tears. He shouted to himself, "Ford chairman OO." After racing, I shed tears again. ㅠㅠ When Kenmiles' real person photo came out after the movie, I was surprised because it was similar to Christian Bale. The synchronization was really good and it was a divine move to cast. What I felt after watching the movie is that I wonder if there will be such a racing movie in the future. Korea will never be able to make it. Movie that I want to watch again with IMAX!
10,This is a movie. Korean movies can't be made like this
10,ㅠㅠ보 If you watch it, you won't regret it
10,I liked the visual beauty and the actors' acting. In particular, it was amazing that Christian Bale's acting was like a different person every time he acted and became the real person. Miles's low-paying, lean body, and facial expressions were impressive enough to see Bale's performance, collecting the director's filmography, thinking it was literally a "fun movie," and I was deeply moved by his realistic or dramatic portrayal of human emotions from beginning to end. I can't describe what Miles was so eager for, but I could feel it. I also enjoyed watching Shelby and Miles' relationship. I envied everyone who watched the game and envied their partnership because I felt that their partnership was so real that I squeezed my heart. I really enjoyed the movie. I don't know why I get an error when I try to click Recommendation... Make sure you watch it on Ford V Ferrari Cgvimax It's nice to see it realistically as if it's in the screen.
10,Christian Bale's acting is crazy a package package
10,The thrill of the engine sound that I felt after a long time since Cyber Formula. I don't know much about cars, but I was so nervous that I watched them with my fist clenched.
10,It's really fun. I didn't expect to see it, but I didn't know it was Christian Vale, and I got hit in the back of my head.His acting is amazing
10,I love you as much as 7,000 RPM.Christian Bale
9,It's been a long time since I saw an exciting movie. The actors' crazy acting skills, directing, video, OST, beautiful classic car and amazing reality check, everything is perfect.
10,Make sure to watch a big fun movie
10,The lesson of the movie is that if you are rude to others, you will be avenged by resentment. A movie for car racing lovers. Actors' acting and car racing are good. The female audience is also well-received.
10,I will watch the best movie of my life three times.
10,Two and a half hours were not boring at all and I focused on it.It's a good movie to watch with children.
9,Directing, visual beauty, editing, and sound!It's a great movie to mark the end of 2019.
10,I can't stop shivering all the time I'm watching a movie. After watching a Korean movie, I realized that this is a movie. You have to pay more to watch. Bale-hyung acts like a neighborhood old man. Anyway, watch it
1,Each race has the same production, so the highlight, Le Mans, is boring. And Ford alone is in 8th gear and the other cars are CVT? How many shifts in the '60s, all four-gear. It's funny that you're overtaking it at once. In the drama part, it was difficult to focus more on characters with severe mood swings. It's a wise saying, but it's too poetic to understand.
10,
10,I recommend Ford Ferrari if it's fun. I don't recommend Frozen if it's fun
10,It's much better than Frozen. I can still hear the engine.
10,A background that makes you dream of simplicity and fantasy without exaggeration.
10,I like movies, but it's my first time rating themIt's a masterpiece! I won't regret it!
10,There's no need for words. It's the best ever
10,Make sure you watch it ㅜㅜ No words needed
10,I'm a woman. I enjoyed it so much and I had no idea how long it had been. However, there were many scenes where the woman's acting was too awkward and I didn't want her to come out. fly in the ointment.
9,ENGENE's sound is amazing
10,Acting that I really didn't know it was acting! I can't explain it in words!
10,It's the best movie, but it ends with a sad ending ㅜㅜ
6,The racing scene was thrilling and I felt the pleasure of turning the tables, but the rest was a little boring because it was like a meaningless story line.
10,Christian Bale's acting was like this. It's the best
10,It's so good. The thrilling tension and acting skills are amazing
10,Seriously, the Christian veil pendulum is awesome
10,
10,The combination of the two actors' crazy acting skills and everything else... I thought it was just a heart-breaking engine, but at the end, I burst into tears burst
10,It's super fun. Please watch it on Screen X or PODI X
10,a movie full of eggs
10,A movie that you won't regret even if you pay for it. I went without any expectations, but when it came out, I thought it came out well. Race is like life... It makes me think a lot.
10,
10,The best movie of the year, the best movie of the year, with two actors who lived up to their names and tickets
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen. However, it is too bad that there are few theaters due to the winter kingdom. Not only acting, but also story and video are not lacking at all of all. I still can't get over it. I hope you watch it.
10,It shoots up quickly like light in all directions without missing parts like an elaborate engine.
10,I went to the movie theater in a tired state and wondered how I could endure 2 hours, but I was worried about uselessly.  It's a sad movie because I didn't know it was real.
10,Acting that increases the immersion of famous actors...Even though it was a long movie, it was not boring and very fulfilling.The racing game really made my heart pound the whole time I watched it, so I felt a little nervous.
10,I don't need words. It's my first time in my life
10,Engine sound, transmission sound. My heart is pounding
9,
8,Is there anyone who came out as Fiat president?
10,It was a movie that would never be lonely even if I watched it alone
10,
10,It's been a while since I watched a memorable movie.It's so much fun
10,
10,It was one of the top 3 movies in my life.
10,I found out later that the running time was this long.It's a bit loose in the beginning, but the last racing scene is really overwhelming.
10,Oh... So much fun ♡♡♡ Great acting, great character charm, great racing video and directing!!!
9,It was fun. The story, direction, and acting. Good!
6,Why is he here?
10,Christian Vale, you're totally in the character. Cool
10,I've watched all the movies that make me want to do it again
10,Oh, heart development. It flutters and falls down. ㄷIt's so funny when the CEO cries
10,It's equivalent to the Avengers End Game Make sure you watch it
10,an incoherent film It was impressive.
10,Met Damon feels joy when he snatches GT40 from the airport
8,A male melodrama that the two actors evaluate
10,Do you like cars? Then watch it no matter what. I have no regrets!
10,The 150-minute running time was not boring at all. Christian Bale's transformation was amazing and Met Damon's Texas accent was good. Whenever I was racing, I felt nervous. I heard it's based on a true story, but the two men who do their best in their work are really cool. I strongly recommend it.
9,My heart is beating. Watch it at the movie theater
10,
8,Car and Dream and Challenge!  Bo was happy the whole time. HAPPY!
10,It was perfect until the end of the movie story that made the man's Adranelin go wild
10,ㅠㅠ Pyeongsik gave 7 points to this masterpiece, which is unbelievable to the audience. Look, guys, I look like I'm binge watching cyber formula because of this movie
10,The sound of the game directing atmosphere The perfect running time was 2:32pm, so I thought it would be loose, but the time went by so fast and I want to emphasize once again, the game directing is crazy
10,It's amazing. If Matt Damon and Christian Bale had changed their roles, they would have been more suited to each other, but they're still so cool.
10,The strong friendship between the two men?Weave it into conviction.It's even more surprising because it's a true story^^ One of life's movies
10,The stress in the car racing scene is gone.It's exciting and I strongly recommend it.
10,Speed and sound are the best. It's thrilling and exciting, and it's so immersive. Matt Damon, Christian Bale's acting is really good, and it's immersive for people who don't know cars. Make sure you watch it!
10,It's fun. It's well-made.
10,When you're leading alone at 7000 RPM, that emptiness...
10,We live to 7000 rpm. What was there?
10,
10,If you love cars, you'll be absolutely fascinated I think it's even better because it's directed by James Mangold 2 hours and 30 minutes went by so quicklyIt's for Blu-ray
10,Later this month, the film will soon overtake a Ferrari called Frozen.
8,The racing scene is full of excitement. It's a true story, but I don't have anything to say, but the ending is a bit weird. It's kind of awkward to go to XX right after the game
10,I lost track of time. The story is solid and the acting is great!
10,I didn't know it was going for 2 hours and a half and I really enjoyed it
10,It's like watching Ford build a car that's better than Ferrari, but seeing the humanity and values of life in it, I personally got this and that.
10,He mixes action, acting, and drama well. And he goes, "Is this for real?" a well-made film that adds up to
10,It's the best. I cried after watching it
10,I just saw it. It's so funny. It's crazy
10,Life movies are usually compared to marathons when talking about life, but life is all in one movie.
10,Christian Bale's performance was ecstatic and salutes his performance
10,I really lost track of time Haha
10,Run and explode. The pure power of the racing genre.
10,It's the best. Acting, directing, and even touching...
8,The best track scene since Ben Hur
10,Time flies so fast and I loved the combination of the two actors who are perfect in acting. :) I had a hard time because of the company, but after watching it, I feel so much lighter!
8,At first, I wondered if it was a racing movie. wait bored It's a crazy movie from the start of racing! Christian Vale's unique mouth and teeth when smiling are so attractive!
10,It's really fun Other people said they didn't expect much, but even though I did, my hands were sweating. How can you make a movie like this? It's different from other action movies. I can only hear car exhaust sounds. My heart is beating In conclusion, I want to buy that car, too
10,James Godgold
10,The cyber formula that I saw when I was young. Best movie of the year!
10,It's already our third time watching. Every time I see something new, not boring. It's the best!
10,It's been a long time since the movie was worth the money. It's so much fun.
10,I am tired of the inter-Korean bromance in which the righteous North Korean military cooperates with the South Korean military.This is the friendship of real men
10,I trusted the actor without any information, and he was the bestI was so moved that I searched for the real story
10,The most expensive movie I've seen recently; it's fun It's not boring. It's okay. Acting...They're both great actors, so I trusted them, but they're not missing anything It's good to go see
10,I watched a movie that made my heart beat faster today.If you do what you like during Shelby's speech, you don't have to work for the rest of your life. When will I find that?
10,
1,I should have just eaten rice soup
10,be a masterpiece of history Myrstine
10,I was so immersed while watching it.It's thrilling and sad
10,I think it's the best movie of the year
10,After watching the movie, I wanted to buy a Ford car
10,Chairman Monggu, let's go with Le Mans 24
10,The best movie! That's awesome. Seriously
10,Sigh... It's fun. I didn't watch it in 4D, but it felt like I watched it in 4D.
10,2019 Movie of the Year
10,
10,My husband asked me to see him, so I thought I'd doze off again, and my heart was pounding 100%. His acting was amazing. I hate Ford. I was so immersed that I wanted to boycott it.Ford, don't live like that
9,The story of victory is based on the passion and tenacity of Ken Miles X Shelby, the artisan spirit of Ferrari that cannot be overcome by podism, a factory-style car manufacturing method. Ken Miles' passion left a lingering impression on Icarus's dream.
10,I expected the story, but it was a perfect movie! I repeated it three times with my underwear...
8,Watch it with your friends on the big screen at IMAX.The sound of the engine and the video on the screen are amazing.But I don't recommend it with my girlfriend
8,Maybe it's because I saw F1 a few times in person, but rather than anticipating it8 points is appropriate
10,I'm not interested in cars and this kind of genre, so honestly, I didn't expect anything at all and watched it, but I didn't know it was boring and I fell in love with it. The actors' acting was really good and touching. My mom who went with me also sleeps right away when she's bored, but she stayed up all night until the end of Yeonhwa and said it's fun. The ending was slightly different from what I expected, but it was a movie that lingered in my mind after the movie. I strongly recommend it!
10,This is a movie.
10,The best film to be remembered as if released in January 2019.
6,Lesson: If you like speed, that's itTooth
10,He who has a dream is happy.
10,
10,A real story racing movie that can't keep up with the rage. I also want to find myself at 7000 RPM. Like Ken Miles
10,A movie that tells why Ferrari is the best garage and Ford is a mid- to low-priced car. The two have different attitudes toward cars. Ferrari stays in place until the end, and Ford goes to lunch by helicopter as soon as it starts. And the greeting to the last true winner was perfect. +) Matt Damon's hit movie...Haha
10,I almost hated the movie after Joker, but I liked the theater again with this movie
10,I was sweating a lot when I watched it. It wasn't the ending I wanted, but I really enjoyed it. Recommended
8,To be honest, it was a little boring at first, but the whole story was good I really watched the racing scene with a throbbing heart! Even I don't know anything about car racing, but I really enjoyed this part! I was more touched by the true story. :) I was satisfied because the negative aspects of this society were well revealed. GOOD!
10,The movie is a gimmick. It's just an executive acting narrow-minded. Why should the CEO watch it?
1,It's not 9 points. It's a comfortable movie
10,If you want to feel like you're racing together! Watch it on Screen 4dx! The chair vibrates just by starting the car. And as you know, it can be screen 4dx from behind ^^ Oh, of course it was the best. Video story sound, no smoke missing from it
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most in 2019
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie
10,
10,The acting is the best!I lost track of time and watched it.
10,
10,At the end, I got goosebumps at Christian Bale's acting after seeing a picture of the real person Ken.
10,The fact that the two actors acted together was very exciting, but as expected, it was good. It was better than Frozen 2
10,Actors are so good at acting
10,I think it would have been much more fun than "Frozen"
10,It would have been better if I had prior knowledge of the Le Mans 24-hour race, but it's totally fun for anyone who doesn't know the hardware of a car and only knows how to drive a car
10,It's really fun.
10,
10,This movie is so good Everything was perfect
10,It's the best movie of the year. Hello!
10,This is the best movie I've ever seen. Just watch it
10,You have to watch it in the movie theater, a movie that makes your heart beat with one sound.
10,I think this is a must-see movie. It can be boring at first, but in the second half, I get immersed in it
9,The movie that made my heart race until it was over!
8,I wish there was more endingIn the beginning, I couldn't figure out who the main character was
9,"Man, Car, Passion" runs with the emotions of the past eight years
10,
10,To be honest, I watched it because of Logan. But after watching it, I watched the movie of my life movie...Very satisfied
10,You can just watch itHaha
4,The movie is about the battle between European cars' pride Ferrari and American cars' pride Ford. I looked forward to it after the rating, but it wasn't much fun. Three Jojora rented the big theater and watched it, but all three were unresponsive and a little sleepy in the middle lol
10,Christian Bale and Matt Damon were great
9,This is why I don't watch Korean movies. No, I can't! However, no matter how nice a car is, isn't it too trivial to risk your life?
8,Cool-minded pussies turn the world upside down. Top class in car movies
10,King wall, perfect, perfect, perfect
10,I really enjoyed watching it.But I was sad because it wasn't a punishment for good. It was sadder because it was a true story.ㅜㅜ
10,This movie is crazy. Even after the movie, I keep thinking about it even when I go home and wash up
10,I can say it's the best movie these days!It's very immersive, not to mention acting, and the racing scene is really good. What's important is the real engine sound, exhaust sound, the movie you have to watch as you go into the theater speaker
10,I majored in mechanical engineering and had a lot of fun. Other people might be bored
10,
10,This kind of movie is full and domestic movie is full. The movie theater fee should be changed according to the production cost This is so unfair
10,the greatest racing movie of all time
10,Dead pool director is a grave disappointment Logan is more than satisfactory.
10,I was so jealous of your tenacity and passion towards your goal
10,Wow, I'm so worn out of my mind
10,The sound of the engine is so realA well-made movie
10,I enjoyed both the acting and the story
10,Personally, it was the most interesting movie I've seen this year. I haven't had a favorite racing movie since Driven. If you want to hear the exciting engine sound, please watch it at the theater!!!!
10,What? This movie lasted 2 hours and 30 minutes? I lost track of time in the development and directing of the crowd.
10,I became a fan of Ferrari
8,Good. A good movie after a long time.
10,Even if individuality is suppressed, the heart of steel runs.
10,I'm a 27-year-old boy who's been a car official for 3 years I've always had a dream for Racing Mechanic, but this movie set my heart on fire. I'm going to prepare to change jobs before it's too late. I'm always rooting for those who are moving from low to dream. Thank you to the production crew and actors for making this beautiful movie
10,As expected, there's no need for words. It's exciting and touching
10,I didn't know racing was this thrilling. The production was good, and especially the racing part was so cool. Unfortunately, however, it may be because it is based on a true story, but there were some parts where the emotional line was difficult to understand. Just a little bit... Other than that, it's great
10,Crazy. You'll regret it if you don't watch it at the theater.Christian Bale, Matt Damon. Trust me.
10,Perfect balance! Best movie of the year!
10,A movie for car lovers. I strongly recommend it.
9,I don't want to see any of you talking about Pyeongsik. What's that?
10,My hands are sweaty!I'm so sad that there's no IMAX 4D in Jeju Island
10,It's a true racing movie. Frozen 2 occupied all the theaters, so I watched it with difficulty.
10,About two-thirty passed by in an instant.It's one of the top three movies I've seen this year.As expected, I feel good that I watched a movie full of Hollywood sentiment because I didn't have enough money.Matt Damon and C.Bale's acting is the best.
10,a well-made racing movie
10,Any point at 7000 RPM. The moment when everything disappears and only myself remains. If someone asks, I want to tell them to watch this movie
10,This is how car movies are made!
10,It was a real movie!
10,It was a real movie!
10,This is the best I've seen this year
10,A Korean movie that sees its consumers as a household name and a wonderful movie that beats Hyundai at the same time.
10,I think it's been a long time since I saw a good movie I like the sense of immersion
9,The morning owner is on fire
10,The racing scene is really immersive.
10,It makes your hands sweat from start to finish.
10,150 minutes of running time was the best movie I've seen this year with a solid story that doesn't feel like 150 minutes
10,I really don't use these, but I can't forget the 7000 rpm
10,I really enjoyed watching it!  I liked the solid content without being bored for every minute by second.Almost 3 hours is like watching a short drama for about an hour.
10,You don't know anything about cars or races, but you can enjoy it I got goosebumps several times during the race I recommend that you watch it on Screen X or IMAX
10,I heard it, too The best movie is fun
10,the fruit of passion and perseverance
10,I don't like racing, so I can feel the thrill
10,A must-see movie for car enthusiasts!
10,A movie that you would like if you liked to drive. There is also touching, car action, and touching.I can't believe such an ace driver died early while driving.It was so unfortunate.
8,I really liked Christian Bale and Matt Damon, so I saw him yesterday He's really good at acting. It's not fun, but it's fun. There are some parts that get loose in between, but I recommend it
10,The sound and speed of the car! Mise-en-scene that unfolds in the screen! A human drama based on a true story! European values versus American values! Why big companies thrive and go bust! Conflict between corporate value and individual value! All of this was captured in one movie.
10,Christian Bale Matt Damon's acting combination is the best!!!
10,As if acting, racing, and car sounds are running, two and a half hours! The touching feeling that it's a real story is 7,000 rpm
8,Hello? The captions and pronunciation were "hello."
10,The movie is very moving because it is based on a true story
10,I lost track of time. If you like cars, you'll enjoy it
10,As expected, it's fun. More than two hours were not boring
10,Time flew... It was so much funHaha
10,Wow... It's the best movie ever! The race was so thrilling and my hands were sweatingㅠㅠ 올해 This is the best movie of the year!!♡
10,It's a great movie
10,an awesome movie I can't believe the car race is so exciting. RIP Ken Miles...
10,The car action was just so worth watching!
10,The content is good, and the thrill and excitement! I recommend Ford V Ferrari!
10,Even people who are not interested in cars can't help but get excited when they watch this movie
10,This movie is crazy! The two main characters are enough, but they have surpassed it. Production, acting, story, and video are all perfect! I was so immersed that I could not be bored. What's the last tear? A movie that really makes you want to watch it again! (Hello, I heard it, too.)
9,It's a movie that's easy for a girl to watchFerrari makeup. At the end, I'm like a gentleman b. Anyway, my conclusion is that I'm a fraud
10,I thought my heart was beating at 7,000 RPM)
10,I don't know much about cars, but it's funHello! I heard it too!
8,Hello!
8,It feels like I saw a racing car
10,Life movie... Two actors you can trust and watch
8,I went to see Met Damon.Get drunk on a Batman drive.Christian Bale's acting is amazing.My heart is pounding at the sound of the car's engine.A man's movie...The end
10,The racing scene... It wasn't fancy, but it was crazy You'll know when you see it
10,The running time is long, but there's no time to get bored. It's so much fun!
10,Yeah, Ken's an innocent man
10,Who watched it with their fingers together and nervous as if their hearts were pounding? I don't even know much about cars, except she's the best. Ken Miles, I was begging you not to have an accident, and I was sad that it couldn't be a happy ending because it was a true story. Another movie I want to see is rare, and this is the movie I really want to see again, and the role of Ken Miles was unimaginable to any actor other than Christian Bale. I fell in love with this actor so much
10,I watched it on screen X, but it feels like I lost weight
10,Wow, this movie is the best. It's so much fun
10,
8,Who am I?People who have gone all the way to every field will say that tomorrow
10,It was thrilling and exciting
10,It was a movie that made my hands sweat
10,It was fun to watch in general, but I want to watch it again with ARMY
10,As expected, the actors who deserve their names. The actors' character digestibility was the best
10,I'm going to watch it with a Mustang today!
10,We'll meet at 7000 RPM
10,If you like cars, I recommend it regardless of age or genderA masterpiece that goes well with the intense exhaust sound
10,I think I'm going to be in the line of masterpieces. A movie that I should watch once! 12/4 Gold Class~ Still, it's a waste of money~
10,150 minutes was such a short time
10,I watched it because of Matt Damon, but the other actors are really good at acting!!! See Christian Bale again!!!
10,Stress relieved.  an unparalleled piece of work that cannot be compared with Korean films
8,Viva America is annoying, but it's for real.How real life is like a movie...I enjoyed watching it even if I wasn't interested in cars
9,I really enjoyed watching it. The best movie ever!
10,This guy's movie is really good lol you guys who are less than 80kg
10,I watched the preview and it was so much fun that I came to grade it, but I couldn't use it because it was before the release. It was fun even if I didn't know racing, friendship between men, love between family. Everyone is so good at acting. It's so immersive that you can't feel it's a long time. Make sure to watch it
10,I was amazed at the last three-port and appalled to see the two-and-a-half hours that went by in the blink of an eye.
9,You have to go crazy to go crazy.It reminds me of the phrase. A crazy true story has become a myth!
10,It was so touching I think it's been a while since I saw a movie that lingers
10,When I started the engine in the beginning, the seat was shaking and I felt it then.This is a 4dx movie
10,7000 rpm pressure that makes your heart boil, I want to taste heaven there~~
10,Get down the stupid Frozen theater and increase the number of movies like this.There's not even a theater.
5,BBC Top Gear Ford GT40 I remember seeing the blue test drive, I enjoyed it, but there were some boring ones, Rush the Rival was more fun
10,It might be a bit disappointing if the car only comes out during the running time. J,Racing is all good, but it's good to consider and watch because it's focused on the two. Those who saw it in 4D, clap for themselves!!!
10,
8,Nice movie, nice sound, impeccable content. There was no place for the Trinity to get on my nerves throughout the whole townI was motivated before the exam. It was goodIt's based on a true story, but I think it's a movie with a lot of director's opinions
9,7000rpm... I'll meet you right there. It really looks like an ant. a perfect movie
10,It feels like an hour-and-a-half movie, but after watching it, I want to ride it manually, and I just hear a purring sound in my hand, and I imagine changing gears like Christian Vale
10,Learn life from a movie.
10,I want to drive... 10 years of driver's license...ㅠ
10,Every time I saw the race scene, my heart was 7000 rpm.
10,If I hadn't watched it, I would have regretted it. Christian Bale and Matt Damon's real-life performance. As expected of the great actor ^^ b
10,The exhaust of the engine makes the heart beat, leaving men and women of all ages. Don't doubt your acting and directing skills...More than I expected...I'd like to ask you to watch it two or three times if you can. You'll see what you've missed.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie
8,Updy is the only drama that's hardworking and steering
10,The United Kingdom, the United States, Italy and Japan were enthusiastic about racing when Korea was struggling with hunger right after the war.
10,At 7,000 RPM, it enters zero territory.
10,I thought it wouldn't be fun, but I really enjoyed it I'm sure many of you have similar thoughts
8,It's fun! Christian Vale's wife was so cheesy
10,I think it's the movie of the year Nth reservation and Christian Bale's British accent is really disgusting and not only acting but also becoming a real person
10,I think it's the best racing movie.I think I'm nervous all the time I'm watching this is the first time
10,Ford v Ferrari race car is awesome. I saw a nice running car. It's super fun. Oh, it's a masterpiece. This movie story was really good, too James Mangold, director of The Wolverine Logan, made a good masterpiece again It's the best.
10,A good film to show why the screen quota system should be abolished. Never compare with Korean movies In itself, it is an insult and an example to this film.
10,It's one of the best movies in my 19 years of life Hah!
10,After watching the movie, I treated the snow that I threw away after watching it. The top 3 movies this year
10,Ferrari! You're my food!          From Sebring in the '60s to the most famous Daytona, the stage of this scene, Le Mans. Two-and-a-half hours of constant GT40 engine noise snaps my ears, 60's Versta fans!! I felt like I was in sync with the can with his manual transmission like driving the F1 and constant handling, just before I got ahead of the constant cornering and corvettes! Art of the overtaking show, and like Can's lines, the glorious 7000 RPM SPEED!!!    Friendship and blessing that only Ford V Ferrari can enjoy!A work that will go down in history for the Reyes.And my favorite movie!
10,I watched it in 4DX, but this is the first movie that makes my heart beat faster
10,I don't usually write reviews, but I write this because I want everyone to see it. :) I watched the movie while my hands were sweating. I enjoyed watching 5.5 trillion times more than any other movie in 2019. It's a masterpiece that gives thrill, thrill, touching, and fun! This movie is worth keeping
8,a straightforwardly shoving film
10,완벽하다. 잘 됐네요.
10,Everything's perfect.k.a. movie.
10,I went to watch "Frozen" and I thought I should watch this, so I bought it right away.From the voices of the actors to the visual beauty, there's nothing I can miss
10,It's an American car, so the door doesn't close because of the step
10,I had high expectations and it was fun when I saw it. Met Damon's performance was also great. It was touching and sometimes interesting, so 2 hours and 30 hours was not boring. I watched it comfortably with my son because he is a 12-year-old viewer.
8,The lives of pure racers who have to compromise behind their fiery racing instincts, not the obvious confrontation.
10,I didn't expect much, but if it's been a while since I've directed a well-made movie, if it's acting, there's nothing that's missing
10,2019 masterpiece born. Directing, acting, story, video, meost. Everyone is perfect ^^
10,
10,A movie that explains why a place called a theater exists for the medium of a movie.
10,
8,I think I know how to make a movie that feels like this is a movie paper after a long time Ferrari's provocative remarks, son's worry, engine exhaust, etc
10,2 hours and 30 minutes. I don't know if it's a movie or not. It's been about an hour and 50 minutes. I watched it, but I didn't know the time went by
10,Wow, watch it in a good theater That was awesome. I miss you again
10,I've been waiting for it to be released It's worth watching!The car racing scene is the best!  I can't help but get into character
10,I was doing vroom vroom vroom and my heart was all dead!
10,There are a lot of racing movies. It's probably similar. My hands sweat, my heart breaks, my heart breaks, and I cry at the end. ㅜㅜ After I finish watching it, it's two and a half hours long?I thought it's been an hour. You're the best!
9,First, before you watch the movie, you need to take a look at Ferrari and Ford's history and Le Mans's car racing competition. The movie's composition is full. Watch the movie first! The price of the ticket is not a waste!The actors are amazing
8,There were scenes where you had to watch with your fists clenched.
10,It's a lot more fun than Frozen 2! Of course, I didn't watch Frozen 2!
10,a trick that even made Batman cringe
10,Matt Damon Christian Bale's chemistry was out of the question, and it was the best directing by Logan James Mangold. The fantastic chemistry between the actors and the production team...! It's going to be ARMY's MX Screen X's Nth episode.Ending 2019 with Ford vs Ferrari...
10,I know why you say Hollywood Directing and acting skills ㄷㄷ
10,I thought Christian Bale and Matt Damon's meeting was enough, but it was a big mistake. The two men's deep friendship and the world of competition. The heavy story based on the true story, the realistic production of the competition at the time, and the sound of the engine that does not turn off for two and a half hours make my heart pound
9,The sound is amazing. I only heard the name Carol Shelby because I like cars, but I liked it because I could feel what kind of person she was
6,It was just something to watch.Movies!
10,I already ate as an actor, but the car is pretty
10,I already ate as an actor, but the car is pretty
10,I already ate as an actor, but the car is pretty
10,The actors' acting and car racing scenes made my heart race
10,It's not just a movie for men, it's a movie that we all need in this era!Only crazy people survive
10,The last racing scene was so thrilling! Make sure to watch it
10,Watch it on the Good Good X-Screen!
10,It's not "Winter Kingdom" will go to 10 million, but this movie should go to 10 million
10,The chemistry of the actors is perfect, and the second half is crazy and touching... I want to go see it again ㅠㅠ 존재 So funny
10,It's a car movie, so even if you're not attracted to it, you went to watch it because of an actor. It's really the most well-made movie I've seen this year! I hope everyone around me can watch it and talk with me. ㅠㅠ When I come out after the movie, people's expressions are like copying and pasting.
10,
10,It's a movie about men. Eyes, ears, nose? It's a movie where all the adrenaline explodes, and then there's a movie where calm emotion and bitterness coexist
10,Time flies! I really enjoyed watching it~~~
10,While I was watching, I didn't look at the clock and the movie ended in an instant. It's a masterpiece that I can't miss^^
10,It's really thrilling. I can still hear the engine.Haha
10,I lost track of time and watched it. Both Christian Bale and Met Damon are good enough to be nominated for best actor Oscar
10,Crazy movie is so, so, so, so good
10,
10,
10,I had to go to work, so I was going to leave in the middle, but it ended so quickly that I lost track of time The story is solid, exciting, and fun! My husband asked me to watch Black Money, but I was sick of similar movies, so I watched this, and it was an excellent choice~~
10,It was the most interesting movie I watched this year. I almost got into an accident while driving
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun. He's so good at acting
10,The most interesting movie I've seen this year
10,I couldn't post it because of the preview, but now I'm grading it. I watch such movies on my laptop at home (Rush: The Rival), and I decided to watch such masterpieces in theaters. All the old ladies and gentlemen who got picked up at the premiere said it was fun when they went out. It's an interesting movie enough not to know racing. I'll watch it again on IMAX.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. Until the last touching moment, a movie that a man should watch
10,It was impressive.
8,Until the completed version of the racing car came out, I wanted to show more after the process of supplementing the defects of the vehicle. There are scenes where we talk about the problems of the vehicle through a demonstration drive, but it was disappointing that there were no scenes where improved versions were created by fixing them one by one, but only race scenes. I'm not saying the race scenes are boring. It was quite worth seeing, and the scenes depicting the characteristics and relationships of the characters and dealing with conflicts were not very boring, but for some reason, it was a movie without a deep shot. It was a movie about a true story, so the ending was not obvious and it left a lingering impression, but it was not a movie that steadily displayed tension or immersion throughout the running time.
10,For the first time, I felt that language was useless.There is no way to express the workability of this film in words.
10,Ford's harsh exploitation of the workforce.
10,A movie that anyone who likes cars would like. So much fun!
10,I heard my heart beat in the movie theater.
10,Is there no 100 points? It's not enough to get 10 pointsI thought 2019 was the Joker's year, but I didn't expect Matt Damon and Christian Bale to stay
10,
10,It's a movie that shows life and race life at the same time
10,It was so good to see it on the opening day ㅠㅠ It was perfect in every way I'm so immersed. I'm going to the nth round
8,What is asked when the speed is at its limit.Who are you, what are you.
8,
9,Personally, it was more fun than Frozen 2
10,This is amazing. I can't take my eyes off this movie for a second. The directing and acting are all the best
9,
10,I saw them because they were my favorite actors, but I had no regrets
8,That's a relief. I watched the last movie this year
8,
10,It's really fun. If you're interested in cars, it could be your life piece
10,It's a movie that makes your heart beat. It's a waste to be buried in Frozen
8,Met Damon, nice to meet you! It's pretty fun!
10,How many faces does Christian Bale really have? Why does Ford remind me of the old guys at our company? I recommend it to anyone who likes tea, but be careful not to see Ford
10,I watched it so much that I lost track of time.It's a movie that makes me feel like I'm watching a life story of a racer and a mechanic.
10,I've watched a late-night movie where I'm scared to drive and I've never gotten a driver's license, but I can't sleep because of the adrenaline explosion... Even the ending was perfect.
10,The last scene of Le Mans 24 is really immersive. The best movie of the year came out
8,The directing and acting were all good, but honestly, I was a little tired of the long introduction to enjoy the last race
10,
10,Watch it twice. Watch it three times
10,It's really fun. You have to watch it
10,Personally, the best movie I've seen this year!
10,If you like cars, you're the best
9,You showed the essence of friendship.
10,I didn't know anything about cars, but I really enjoyed it!
10,One of the best movies of the year.
10,I got a movie discount coupon. I watched it without much expectation. I watched it while focusingI didn't even know it was two and a half hours, but it's so fun to be in spring
10,
8,I appreciate human will to challenge the impossible. The driving force of the American people shines in a spirit of challenge beyond death.
10,It's so much fun! Top
10,My heart is hot. Keep your chest warm heart.
10,
10,I lost track of time. This is a movie
10,But I will buy Ferrari...
2,Meh, Ford > I don't agree with Ferrari
10,It was the best movie ever. I definitely recommend watching it in the theater.
10,So much fun. So much fun. So much fun
10,I can't believe this is real. The story is also story, but the actors' acting is no joke. Watching the movie felt like I was stepping on a car axel like crazy.
10,I'm going to watch a movie and sign a Ford Mustang contract
10,I lost track of time The best sense of immersion
10,I had fun. I watched the first 20 minutes with concentration except for boring things
10,It's so much fun! I felt like I was on a ride and came down with adrenaline explosion
10,See you later at home. The cross-section of this society is melted as it is. I'll do the same in the future.
10,It's not a movie that exists only for racing, but I watched it with a lot of excitement
10,I watched it heartily. Christian Bale, you're a great actor. I was nervous when I watched it whenever you were in the car =)
10,Matte Damon sunglasses fit Clearance ;;
10,A movie for a man. The sound of the engine alone makes my heart race
10,I didn't get to see it on IMAX because it's my life's Han Da Pyeongsik, so if I gave you 7 points...You don't have to tell me. You know
10,Even though I don't like racing, I was impressed by the tense direction throughout the movie. It's a movie that combines Ford's political strife and the urgency of racing on the track. And the loyalty and romance between the men breathing in between the tension makes my heart beat. I miss you again
10,I heard it too. But it's amazing
7,Time went by well. The directing was good, too. But it's kind of...I can't erase the feeling that something is missing.
10,It's a masterpiece! I enjoyed watching it, men and women of all ages!
10,In terms of the story, the acting was all good. I'm very satisfied with the sense of immersion in the race side
10,It's fun. I feel like I'm in a car with the main character.I don't want any money. I don't want to hear the engine sound.It's no joke
10,Three hours go by so quickly
10,Best movie I've ever seen in 2019
10,I'm leaving a review for the first time. People who like cars can watch it with more interest, and people who don't like cars can enjoy it. I highly recommend it
10,I recommend it??-
8,
10,The whole time I watched, I was heartbroken and before I knew it, I was cheering for Ken Miles, clenched fists. It was a movie that made me feel once again that a person who has an outstanding passion for one field is really cool
8,We need more people who know the real winner
9,Vice President, you punk
10,It's really fun. Time flies. It's like this. Acting and directing are all great
10,It's a movie that's not worth 20,000 won, but it's high quality and 7,000 rpm
10,Look, look, look, look
10,The production of racing is no joke. And I think it would be good to watch the movie at a theater that uses Dolby Atmos sound like MX Hall. In that sense, I'm going to watch it again at MX Hall.
10,. It was the best movie I've seen this year! A masterpiece with all the fun, lessons, and impressions
10,The actors' acting and directing are so good
10,A wonderful car-chaining movie that makes your heart pound!!!!
10,It was so thrilling. I enjoyed it I could feel the galloping instinct inside all the men
9,I don't need an OST. It's so much fun
6,The scene of the Buddy Movie car race was worth watching, but the explanation of the two's friendship and trust was not enough.It was a shame that it was hard to relate 100% to Christian Vale's conversation with his wife, either because of translation or cultural differences
10,It's old and even racing is the best!
10,A masterpiece was created by overlapping camera walking and directing, actors' acting, and solid stories that seemed to require a seat belt with a huge sound. I wasn't bored for a moment during the running time, and it's been a long time since I watched a movie with all my body shaking like this.I had so much fun even though I was not interested in racing at all. Make sure you watch it on ScreenX. The immersion is no joke.I'm still thrilled after the movie.
10,Even if the ticket is 50,000 won, it's spring
9,A racer cries with a car even when he cries.
10,The two-and-a-half hour running time was not boring at all. The actors' acting is also excellent.
10,It's the best movie of the year.It doesn't feel like MSG at all. It's more touching because of the reality of social absurdity as well as action
10,It's so much fun. I want to watch it again
10,It was really fun.It still lingers
10,A true story is more touching
9,Can Met Damon and Christian Bale see the union again because they're human... 9 points without 1 point!
10,
10,Make sure you watch it.ㅜㅜ The movie of my life since Bohemian.
9,But if I can buy it, I want to buy a FerrariHah!
10,I didn't want to give the best spoiler, so to sum it up in one word, "This movie is crazy! "
10,Christian Bale, the actor of this era who studies and expresses the appearance and intonation of characters when playing real people, and Matt Damon, who has a good wit and unique emotional expression. It must have been fascinating just to watch the two actors, but James Mangold's immersive directing, which directed Logan, filled the movie with excitement and tension, and I realized that I was out of breath throughout the movie and forgot my breath. At the end of the movie, fatigue and tingling come as if you had been running at 7,000 RPM for two and a half hours. The best movie of the year, where there's no reason to hear back even if you say it's the best movie of your life.
8,The movie is great. However, 4DX viewing is not recommended.  I don't think it's a movie that's going to be distracted like an adventure.
8,I think it's the first time I've ever felt my heart beat just seeing you drive
10,Now the racing scene in this movie will be a sample of every camubi. Watch it at the MX or ARMY theater with good sound I'm going to lose
8,Christian Bale was just Ken Miles. As expected, American classic movies are the best!
10,The tension lasts for 150 minutes!
10,I've never left anything like this. I watched it because I liked cars, but I strongly recommend that you enjoy it's fun even if you don't know cars
10,
1,I want to hit the part-timersWhy did you make this kind of movie?I'm watching in the theater, and I'm bored to death.Why did you make this? It's not fun.
10,It's not easy to meet two great actors in one story, so of course I have to see them.If you think about the production cost and the actor's passionate acting, it's a happiness that you can enjoy with 10,000 won. They're saying that the screen is monopolistic.It's an American movie.
10,It's a movie with perfect story direction and music
10,It's not a Cha-duk. It's a movie that's worth watching Make sure you watch it in places with big screens and good sounds!
10,Honestly, it was boring at first, but as the number of racing scenes increased, it was thrilling and touching Watch it in 4dx It really feels like racing!
10,It's been a while since I enjoyed watching it
10,The men's car race... It was a great drama. Honestly, I lost track of time and watched it.
10,I will watch the best movie again with 4dx.  You can feel emotions, coloration, thoughts, exhilaration, and various emotions with racing. The acting of the two actors is amazing!
10,I didn't like racing movies, but I really enjoyed it! Thrilling tension and lingering emotions were the best.
10,I'm so nervous! I really enjoyed watching it while clasping my hands and cheering! I'm going to watch it again! Hello! I also doubted my ears when I heard it Is Matt Damon a Korean fan?
10,Don't say anything but watch it
10,Matt Damon and Christian Bale were both awesome and thrilling
10,I didn't know that the running time was 150 minutes until after the movie.Good immersion, good acting, good video
10,The tension that makes your hands sweat!!!
10,2.5 hours doesn't feel that long.I didn't expect Bale to look so good in this role.
10,Even if you don't know much about the top three, it's fun
10,I don't regret watching it from the day it was released. 2 hours and 30 minutes. I have to watch it 2 or 3 times
10,Matt Damon and Bale's acting is over Especially the acting of Christian Veil
10,I hope you watch this year's masterpiece at the theater
10,After watching this movie, I thought I wanted to watch Le Mans 24.
10,A manly man movie...My heart is puffed...!
10,When I took off my Encho Ferrari hat, I got sick of it.
10,
10,I'm just on my way out from the movie, and it lingers for a long time. It's not just a racing movie, but 'Artists' were able to feel how they lived their lives and were stimulated a lot. I highly recommend it to artists.
10,
10,Christian Vale's acting drew a lot of attention It feels like I watched a good movie with all the combinations of acting, directing, and story I enjoyed watching it and came out of the theater in a good moody
10,A movie worth waiting for all summer. There is no element to be divided between likes and dislikes that was more fun than this year's best foreign hit, Joker. From the start, the roar of the engine to the sound and music that will make your head shake, and Matt and Bale's performance without a break. It's really good to see it on the first day. This movie is definitely!!!Let's watch it at the theater. The perfect ending is also the highlight.
10,The taste of watching the performances of two of the best actors of the present era and the thrilling car racing scenes are amazing.
10,Despite the relatively long running time of 152 minutes, there was not a minute of boring time. Christian Bale's rugged English pronunciation and acting are also very good. The racing direction is perfect, too. I saw Black Money yesterday and it feels like my eyes are being purified. I think I should get paid differently for the ticket.
10,The legendary Ford MK GT40! Can Miles was so cool
10,The movie was better because it was not based on a true story but made the true story the most simple and true story. Legendary Carol Shelby and Lee Iacocca were seen in the movie.
10,Let's give them a round of applause for their passion and friendship
8,I think we should change the title to Ford v. Ford
9,Since the running time was long, it was a bit loose in the middle, but it was generally fun. Especially, the racing scene is full of tension and thrilling.
10,I chose this movie because I like the thrill action genre, but I don't think there will be much action after watching the trailer I went in without any expectations But as I fell in love with the movie and got immersed, the development was exciting, nervous, and fun Especially, Christian Vale is so good at acting. LOL
10,I don't know anything about different cars.I don't know the differential parts in the movie or the terms related to them.But it didn't matter.The movie itself led me and I was able to become fully united and immerse myself as if I were a person driving directly on the scene.I could feel the vast sound of the engine, the continuous speed and the cheerfulness that I felt.It's been a long time since I was immersed in a movie like this.As such, this movie is a movie that shows the director's ability, actors' acting, and love for cars.Even if you don't know about cars, it's a fun movie, so I recommend you to watch it
10,I feel like I'm in a car even though I'm watching a movie. It is monotonous when starting the engine, but the higher the speed, the more dizzying and sweaty your hands are.Best movie I've seen this year. Please, please, the movie that I shouted all the time. The movie that was sad to end.
9,There's nothing missing, nothing missing, nothing missing, nothing short of urgent racing, human drama, and the actors' acting sound effects
10,Among the movies I watched recently, it was very good and it was very meaningful in that it was a true story
10,It's more like a real story than a movie. 7000 pills on the way home
6,The title of the movie is Ford vs Ferrari, but the movie is about Ford vs Matt Damon's racing team.
10,I can't get rid of the lingering.
10,Christian, your acting is amazing.Feel it while watching the movie, such as a stiff turtle neck, a smoke with a low left shoulder all the time.
10,The engine noise, mid- to low-pitched exhaust sound, and the screams of tires over 7,000 rpm seem to have been an antidote to me, who was addicted to Tesla's electric car.Two and a half hours wasn't boring at all.Story, acting, video.There was no regret for the sound, and I felt like I was holding the steering wheel of the car and pressing the accelerator, not at the level of empathy.
10,I really felt catharsis. It's the best. I thought it was an American Pong Ford Pong movie
10,It's the best movie of the yearStanding ovation! Clap! Clap! Clap!I should watch it again on IMAX
10,
10,"Wow!" The heat that came up after the movie... My heart is pounding even now!
10,I lost track of time
10,This is the first time I've ever seen Screen X, and I think this is the first and last time I've ever. I'm thrilled the whole time I watch it!
10,God Miles, this guy is really... It's really...
10,I looked at the clock at the start of the Le Mans race and it went by an hour
10,The Best Car Chaining Movie!
10,There's something funny in between. I don't know much about cars, but I'm a fun
10,Bale hyung came out and I saw him, but he made a mess This is really... Wow.
9,The car movie was so-so, but this movie is different.
10,What, do we need more words?! If you're a man, if you're a man who feels speed, it's a true story of death, so I recommend a movie that's even more surprising and emotional
10,Ken Miles, remembering how fast he was...
10,The right laugh point and the engine exhaust sound that makes your heart beat!
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year. I'll go see it one more time.
10,The production cost is 120 billion won. It's different from Korean movies. American movies are cool, acting, directing, etc
10,I watched Ford Ferrari instead of putting it off to watch Frozen when it became less popular. The actors' acting and cool racing scenes relieve the stress of today! I was wondering why this movie ended like that, so there was a reason.ㅜㅜ I can't say anymore because it's a spoiler, but I'm sure it was more fun than I expected!
10,I lost track of time and watched it! I strongly recommend it!
8,a good example of a true-life movie
10,Women don't like it.
10,If you're a Cha-duk, you have to see it. Take your diapers.
10,I watched a long movie for 2 hours and 30 minutes, and it was not boring at all, and I could feel a lot of things after watching this movie I recommend it to those who are thinking about watching it!
10,Make sure to watch "The Best Picture"!
10,It's so much fun. Let's watch it
10,I really enjoyed it ㅠㅠ No time to be bored
10,It's not just a car story, but a human and dream story
10,I went crazy on my way home.
10,This is a movie that's not worth the money. There's nothing missing from acting and story. The best. I'll watch it in 4D again. FYI, I'm a girl
10,The movie of my life this year. My heart really pounded. Bale's acting is awful, 10 out of 10. It's a true story, so it's inevitable that it's the last one
10,Miles, who had a fiery personality of 7,000 rpm, was also a father and a colleague.
10,
10,It's a crazy movie. The best movie of 2019. I strongly recommend it
10,Among the movies I've seen this year, I think it was the best movie to watch at the theater ㅠㅠ
10,I'd like to sit next to Ken.I was jealous of the son-ram who can ride next to me all the time...!
10,You can check it out at the theater
9,A movie that even people who don't know racing can enjoy
10,A man's movie. Make sure you watch it at the theater
10,In all aspects, the best...
10,The movie is crazy. As expected, they are two actors you can trust and watch. I must have lost track of time. It's a shame that you two are getting old crying
10,Legendary movie. It's the most interesting movie I've seen recently. I don't watch movies and I never left a review. I really enjoyed it
10,There's no time to be bored
10,I'm sorry to see this movie as a free ticketI have to pay more to watch it, but I don't even use my GPA, but I couldn't miss this movie without using it You have to watch it
10,I tried it because I was sick and tired of playing Frozen these days, but I didn't know anything about tea, but I just watched it with my fingertips. Shut up and just go watch if it's crazy fun.
10,I had a long running time, so I wanted to run out of the bathroom, but I held it in and watched it, but I didn't know when the time went by
10,I like Ford Ferrari I don't like hit and run
10,The sequel is "Morning V Spark."
10,I thought it was a simple racing movie, but it never was The last veil made me happy thinking people were coming to her, but when I saw that the championship had been stolen, I was really heartbroken Bale-hyung love... and please stop playing that crap kingdom and let's just screen it. There's no comparison
10,
10,Wow, the sound is amazing! I was going to miss the race, but if I passed by. I would have regretted it
10,The best, the best, the best, the best, the best
10,
10,I almost cried with Chairman Ford in the car I feel like a racer sitting in a movie theater. In my opinion, it's one of the top 3 movies
10,Holy shush. It's so much fun.
10,I called the chairman fat
10,I liked other scenes, but the main character's acting...As expected...As expected...
10,I recommend that you act well and that you don't get bored
10,I watched it more interesting than Frozen 2
10,My heart, don't go overboard. Following the engine, thump, pound, pound, pound, pound, pound
10,For the first time. It was the best
10,If you look at the historical background of that time and the way Le Mans 24 o'clock game, it's one of the best automobile maniacs! The story is good and the race scene makes your hands sweat
9,No words needed, just fun.
10,Best movie that feels 2 hours and 30 minutes short
10,It's crazy. It's crazy It's so much fun to say it's a true story.I want to see it twice. Action crazy.
10,A movie that you don't know anything about racing, but you can enjoy it enough
10,I enjoyed it a lot
10,It's really exciting. Best movie I've seen this year
9,The running time is over 150 minutes. It's been a long time because of the cool action
10,It's a car racing movie like a hit squad vs Ford and Ferrari, but it's on a different level
10,The video and sound were so great that they made me forget all the racing scenes when I first watched the animation "Car" when I was young. I hope everyone who watches this movie will watch it on IMAX. The chair rings like it's in a real sports car.
10,I saw it because it's an off day.The sound is going to explode.I was sitting alone in the movie theater. Wow.It was twice as fun because I like cars.If I have a chance, I want to see it again
10,He's not interested in cars at all, but he's so immersed in it. If he watched it with sweat in his hands, it's more realistic because it's based on the actors' great acting
10,No words needed. Best movie ever
10,I hated Ford after watching this movie.
9,Henry Ford "II". Yes.
10,A movie that car owners must watch
10,I watched it until my hands were sweaty.
10,7.000 rpm..
10,It was fun. The tension was appropriate
10,I'd recommend it to a guy like his heart is pounding
10,I watched it and I want to watch it again
10,I think Ford and Ferrari's perception is worse than they were in the movies
10,It was understandable even if I didn't know the car, and it was so vivid that I got goosebumps when I heard the sound of the car.In particular, it was easy to grasp the emotions of the characters. Now I know the content, but I want to see it again.
10,It's a movie that lacks perfect acting, perfect directing, and sound effects
10,The right combination of action and bromance...I think it's been a while since I found my favorite movie It was a long running time of more than two hours, but I was so into the acting and story of the two actors that I lost track of time I was disappointed that the movies I expected this year were below my expectations, but this movie erased all of my disappointment
6,You can meet yourself clapping like a seal at some point
10,I wasn't interested in cars at all, but I can only explain that I was crazy after watching the movie. Even though I don't know what drums are, I shudder while watching Whiplash, this movie was a movie that I could shudder even if I didn't know about cars. Best Movie of the Year
10,I watched it with the children, but it wasn't boring at all and I enjoyed it. It's been a while since I watched a good movie Elementary school kids are having a lot of fun, too^^
9,After watching. My heart rate is 7,000 RPM.
10,It's a real presence. My heart beats with the pounding sound
10,It's so much fun I recommend watching it on IMAX
10,Matt Damon, did something happen? They say it's a true story, but the race video isn't as detailed as I thought. Looking at the reviews of the premiere and early reviews, I think this movie is the right movie.  If the review is true, the author will be shot dead
10,Pyeongsik got 7 points. It's a perfect score
10,It is a must-see masterpiece for those who enjoy speed and enjoy racing.  The last line touches my heart Life's racing comes from behind
10,It's just 10 points. It fills up two and a half hours of time.
10,I can't believe it's such a thrilling engine sound
10,I couldn't stop the engine whenever I heard it
10,Everyone, hurry up and go watch it. You could die of happiness.
10,It's become clear that the "Running the Furious" is a third-rate trashy movie.  This is a really good racing movie!!!
10,A movie that you have to watch in a place with a lot of sound. I recommend MX or 4DX
10,A movie that men must watch. A movie that reminds them of the glorious racer.
10,Green Book, Hidden Figures Wonder and Ford v Ferrari. An unforgettable movie. A movie that I want to watch again.
10,
10,My heart is racing...I feel like I watched a really interesting movie while coming out to the theater after a long time.If you like tea, you have to add a movie.Make sure you watch it. The exhaust sound is amazing.
6,It's more dramatic than I thought. It would have been better if the main character was FerrariIs it impossible because it's America?
10,The reason Batman doesn't know much about Bat cars
10,What made you want to ride a Ferrari instead of a Ford after watching a movie? Very good at making movies.
10,It's full of excitement, thrill, and laughter I've seen it, too, because I don't know much about cars!
9,My expectations were so high that I couldn't meet them, but I think it's worth watching when I make this much. Matt Damon and Christian Bale are reliable actors, but especially Middle Christian Bale, I think they are really great actors. I sometimes saw a sudden exaggerated setting, but I think the storyline, not the typical Hollywood style, which is not boring and seeks too much fun for proper viewing, was all right, was all right.
10,It's worth watching a car roll around in a museum
10,I'm a person who doesn't leave reviews.
10,I hope you can feel all the shivers you can feel this year It's the best
10,It's crazy. It's not boring at all. I was so immersed in it  Matt Damon, Christian Vale's acting is great
10,What about me when I reach 7000 rpm? Will that moment come?
10,It's my first time leaving a review without a lie. Watch it. "Even if you don't know anything about Racha" is fun
10,I think I saw a movie like a movie. It's the first movie that I left a review on NAVER. This is what movies are like
9,
10,I remembered the line when Miles came out.Bokdong! It's now!
10,It's a movie that's absolutely jaw-dropping. It's a movie that's perfect for acting, directing, music, sound, and costumes. It's a loss for those who don't really watch it
10,The story is solid and the actors' crazy acting is great  The friendship of friends who trust each other and the wife who sincerely supports her husband are all beautiful. It was interesting to see the contrast between Ford's capitalism and Ferrari's technological prowess
10,It's so much fun Good, good, good
10,Apart from that, the directing of the car race is crazy. If "Running in anger" feels like instant food mixed with CG, then this movie is just Michelin.
9,Not only was the explanation well enough to understand without knowledge of racing or cars, but the running time of 153 minutes felt really short due to the tension during directing and games. And I admire Christian Bale's pioneering work once again.
10,I watched the preview of my life's movie, but it's not a horror genre, of course. It was my first time to have my heart beat like this at a movie theater
10,From the exhaust sound of the racing car to the acting of Matt Damon and Bale, it was a perfect movie.
10,The production and music are well harmonized
9,This is a real racing movie
10,Based on his acting skills, he has an engaging storyline, tense scenes, humor that bursts out from time to time, and intense messages that shake his head and heart. It was simply a perfect piece of work.
10,The acting and the film to match were the best, but the ending and ending were the worst.
9,It is so much fun. But some people think their car is Ford and Ferrari after watching the movie.And then he goes to the goal...
9,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie!2 hours and 30 minutes running time feels short
10,Chairman Ford, you've been getting interested since the top of your head. You're freaking me out!
10,I came out of the movie and cars were crawling on the road.
10,The CGV coupon I registered is not available for Frozen 2, so I watched this. It's so much fun. ㅜㅜㅜ Not to mention the actors' acting, but the story and production...I got goosebumps thinking it was real at the end of the movie Make sure you watch it in the movie theater... Even if you watch it in 2D, you can turn off the vibration of the car engine because of the movie theater speakers!!!
10,Hello, I wasn't the only one who heard it. So funny
10,I have nothing to say. I'm going to be one of my top five masterpieces
10,So he did what he wanted to do at that moment
8,Even when I watched it in a 2D movie theater, I realized that car racing is like this. I think it'll be more fun if you watch it in 4DX. His acting was as good as I expected and the story was good
10,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!Whoo~~)
10,Wow, it's still lingeringIt's amazing that racing with performances like that was possible at that time. Ken Miles keeps coming to me.
10,Myles got choked up when he was running so fastI learned why people who do what they want are happy through this movie
10,It's been a while since we saw a moviewith;; and
10,It would have been more fun if I knew Italian. Why didn't you translate Italian?
10,I'm sure that even the commenters in this movie can't keep up.
10,I wish I had 7000 RPM in my life.
10,Pyeongsik is older than his father.To be polite...If you get more than 7 points, you have to watch it.
10,A movie that hints at why Ferrari is a supercar. Ferrari vs Lamborghini movie would be more fun
10,The long running time was full of excitement and thrills with the speed of no boredom
10,Cut the Frozen theater in half and show more Ford Ferrari It's fun. I hope many of you watched it
9,Good story, good actor, good directing
10,After watching the movie, I downloaded a racing game.
10,I watched a movie that was more fun than I thoughtHah!
10,It's the best. It's definitely the best movie I've seen in 2019.The legendary history of Ford, and why Enzo Ferrari is the best leader
9,A mature harmony of upright principles and generous acceptance that permeates racing sports
10,
10,I can't believe this movie was 2 hours and 32 minutes long
9,A song of praise for life to a beautifully shining passion. A love letter dedicated to those who ran a great race on the track of life
10,I didn't watch the movie, but as a Ford Ferrari owner, I got 10 points
10,I watched it because I liked the two main characters without any information, and it was so good. I don't feel the long running time.
9,Applause for Christian Bale's enthusiastic performance.  The bitterness of an opportunist winning.  Ford, what the hell?
9,In the beginning, it's boring to watch and I don't know what it means, but it's getting more fun. It's a movie that speeds up as time goes by
10,Met Damon V Christian Bale
10,It's the funniest movie I've seen this year. It's nothing I'll watch it at 11 a.m. and leave it now. I watched it on Screen X, but I think I would like IMAX or Screen X I recommend PODIB If you're shaken, you can't be immersed in the movie
10,This year's movie is Ford v Ferrari after Joker.
9,I am not interested in cars, but I want to drive when I watch this movie.
10,Interesting. I want to see more.Recommendations around you
10,I can hear the buzzing sound in my ears are ringing
10,I watched it with a free ticket, but it was fun, so I'm going to watch it again in 4D
10,I liked the fact that it was a true story and I enjoyed it with nervousness. It was better because the two actors I liked were the main characters
10,
10,Totally fun guy ㅜㅜ I don't want a 12-cylinder but I want to step on an 8-cylinderㅜㅜ
8,The car scene is just a look.I liked it
10,The right combination of genre and drama, especially in the racing scene, I feel sorry for the blink of an eye
10,The engine is screaming. Watch it in the theater
10,Men are American Muscle...
9,I was driving home after watching a movie, and I got in trouble for holding back what I wanted to step on
10,A Wilmaid movie based on a true story. Recommendations, recommendations!
10,There's no need for words. A cool video of a trusted actor
10,Just watch it. If you have no regrets, watch it in 4D
10,It's exciting, and the running time doesn't feel as long as I thoughtA series of nervousness...!!
10,It's a movie that's not a waste of money
10,Hello, I just came in
10,
10,My car can't go 7.000 rpm ㅠㅠ
10,Because of Frozen, the coffin is small but very very interesting.
10,It's a great movie, with great cinematography, Matt Damon and Christian Bale both acting, heart beating, even hands shaking!Just look
10,I went to see it with my friend today... It wasn't boring and it was really fun to the point where I was excited to go without anticipation. If you like the sound of the car or the engine, you'll be out.shivering
10,Even though I'm not interested in cars, the two main characters' acting was so good that it was so much fun!!
10,
10,Make sure to watch it! Twice! Twice!
10,
9,Hello? Am I the only one who heard it?
10,2 hours and 30 minutes passed at 7000 RPM
10,I hope you can hear the engine sound at the movie theater. The story was so good, and the acting was certified without looking at it. I really enjoyed it
10,가장 좋은
10,Hello. Anyone who remembers?
10,It's a movie with Ferrari as the villain
10,
10,The sound of the engine made my heart beat again. I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time. It's the best!
10,Worker-turned-pronunciation is perfect.
10,This is a movie? This is a masterpiece
10,I'm a huge fan of Christian Vale
10,It's been a while since I enjoyed watching a movie. Bale's acting is amazing, the content is exciting and fun
10,The lesson of this movie is that if you live a good life, you will be robbed
10,Matt Damon's final scene speaks for the audience
10,I just watched the movie without any plans. Personally, I have little knowledge about the top 3 cars this year, but I hope Met will be more immersed and enjoy the movie.
10,Christian Bale seems to be a god of acting.
10,If you have a racing instinct, watch it in 4D!
10,I've never left a rating in my life, but I can't get rid of it. I didn't have much to do, so I was looking for a movie to watch other than Frozen.I actually like cars, but I have no knowledge of sports cars.But the reviews weren't bad, so I just watched it and enjoyed it. There is a limit to not being able to draw the end of the flow that visitors want because it is based on a true story, but it shines more because it sympathizes with the rotten minds of high-ranking government officials. I got to know Ken Miles for the first time, and I'll remember his name.
10,
9,
10,It's fun.
10,There's no need for words Make sure to watch it^^
10,The only American car in the world that is ignored only by small countries in Korea is the American car, but the Cadillac is the world's best car if it's made properly. I don't know about Cadillac Impord, who won first place in 24 Cirman, but he won first place in 24 Cirman Europe
10,Wow... It is a movie that made my heart race after a long time.
10,You can feel the right sound only when you watch it in the theater. The acting of the two actors is also great
10,I want to hit Bibi
10,It's a true story, so it's more realistic, and if you like cars, the actors' acting skills are good
10,It's a movie that relieves stress
10,A movie that all company CEOs and executives should see, a movie that penetrates the myth
10,It is one of the movies I have seen this year.
9,Even the fantastic combination of Christian Vale and Matt Damon is delightful
10,It's a true story, so I know the ending, but if it's really fun, it's impeccable
10,I was clenching my fist and shaking in the racing scene
10,I didn't know the movie was this long, but I fell in love with it. If it's Christian Bale Matt Damon, I should just watch it
10,This movie must be seen in the theater. Praise me for watching early on the opening day.
9,I saw the premiere yesterday on the 3rd and now...Overall, it's worth seeing.There's a bit of a boring part in the middle, but if you like cars even a little bit, you'll be a little overwhelmed by the driving scene and sound. There's a smiley face in between, and you won't regret it
9,I watched it on IMAX, but it's worth watching. The general review is the efforts of the Heavenly Kingdom to beat Italy! If you like cars or racing, I highly recommend it!
10,You have to watch it on Screen X!
10,The loud exhaust from classic cars is a pleasant sound, not a noise
8,I'm really enjoying it, but the last one...It's based on a true story.It was really uncomfortable.Oh, that's a bad thing. If you take a star out of it, the Ford people are bad luck It's this.
6,It was good to see many scenes of car exhaust and race. You can just go and watch Le Mans 24 racing because the movie kindly explains it. It was a bit boring in the middle because it was 2 hours and 30 minutes. In the latter half of the movie, I've already seen a lot of racing scenes, so I feel a bit tired. And the racing wasn't as fancy as the galloping of anger, but it wasn't as fun as I thought. Overall, I think it was okay.
10,I watched it on 4DX with ScreenX, and it felt like I was racing with the drivers throughout the movie, and right after I watched it, I think I'll be able to compete in the F1 competition The story and composition are the best!
10,It's a movie with a lot of cinematic fun and touching. The chemistry between the two actors is also touching
10,the best movie of one's life that makes one's heart race
10,The impressive film, which gives you a sense of the speed of car racing and the wonderful performance of Met Damon and Christian Bale, must be seen in theaters
10,I'll meet you there at 7000 rpm.
10,This movie is about life. It's not just a great car movie, it's life itself.
10,I was going to watch "Nives Out" early in the morning, but I missed the time, so I watched this, and it was so much fun. 150 minutes of screen time passed by
5,I don't know.It's not as funny as I thought.
8,This year's TOP 3 movies!
10,It's really fun, but it's much more fun than Frozen
10,If you like the sound of RPM of a car, if you are interested in sports cars, go to the bathroom after 7000 RPM
10,The fortune teller who Girack reviews is not a movie!!Please ignore Girack's rating!
10,Wow, I'm not really familiar with cars, but I really enjoyed it I was worried that it would be boring because the running time was long, but it wasn't! Haha
10,I was a driver and I liked cars, so I watched it, and even if I'm not interested in cars, the message that they throw me is so touching!
10,Korean directors should reflect on themselves. That's what movies are about
8,The world doesn't move for me, but I can find myself.
10,The racing scene was expressed analogically, so some people may like it or dislike it, but it wasn't bad.The actors' emotional acting is overwhelmingly good, so the immersion is very good.Personally, it's the best movie of the year.
10,
10,Wow, it's so thrilling, it's the best story I've ever tried to drag on, but I've been fascinated by the run, and my heart melts, and I've finally given two men who love cars with dignity; a movie about how much two men loved it
10,Where do they come from? I want to be that kind of person It's so cool
10,I didn't know much about the car, but it was fun and it's better because it's realAction and drama
10,7,000 RPM ... A movie that makes my hands sweat.a racing film
10,I watched "John Jam" and "Shinchon 4DX," but there's not much movement on why I had to watch it in 4D. But I strongly recommend IMAX. Your personal score is 11 out of 10 (individual appointment)
7,Park Pyeongsik is close to 70 years old. Don't call him Pyeongsik
8,Kim Jong Un sometimes says the right thing. You American capitalist pigs
10,Watch and learn from the wise aristocratic union. Don't just do a demo every day.
10,As a movie fan who likes racing movies, both the story and the acting are perfect! But now that Fox has been acquired by Disney, it may be hard to see this kind of work...
10,If you press recommendations, better things will happen in the new year♡
10,It's the best. Ken Miles's life human drama.I thought my wife was Sophie Marso.There may have been some praise for Ford, but just a slap on the wrist for Ferrari, who was then Le Mans, honors Ken Miles's regret at the end of his great achievement. the best movie
10,I'm so happy that I can watch such a movie for 7,000 won early in the morning
10,It feels like we're driving together in a car I was able to get into it too It's nice to watch a long movie after a long time ago
10,2 hours and 30 minutes??Less than an hour ago, I heard a full exhaust sound, and I felt a shudder from the start of the Le Mans 24:00
4,I don't know what's what
10,It was good to see two legends, not to mention acting skills.
8,It felt like I was driving on the track with Ken while watching a movie
10,I just saw it and I think it's good that the oldness and calmness of the United States are well seduced
9,Wow, the sound of the theater...It feels like I'm in a car. It's so immersive
10,The best movie of the year, Christian Bale, is absolutely crazy
9,This movie will be much more enjoyable if you have a prior knowledge of 24 hrs of Le Mans, which is more famous than F1 in motorsports around the world. At 24 o'clock in Le Mans in 2016, there was a Porsche v. Toyota that was more dramatic than a drama. Among Asian carmakers, Mazda of Japan, who won the Le Mans championship in the 1990s, and Toyota, a strong favorite in the 2000s. Because the car technology needed to compete in Le Mans is not about making sedans or SUVs, but about making cars that run for 24 hours at an average speed of 250kmh. That's why it's so great that what the two main characters have done is a true story, and that's why this movie is even more special to motor sports fans.
10,It is just ironic that the ticket price for a movie is 10,000 won just like Korean movies. I can't keep up with the video and directing. It was so much fun.
10,I was thinking about Frozen 2 and this, so I wanted to watch it because I was stressed out about my kids, but I liked it better because I didn't think about it. She was a girl, but she was interesting and boring
10,A Ferrari killer. Ford GT...
8,Watch and learn the hit class.
10,You can trust me and watch it.Even though I don't know much about cars, I enjoyed it and I can feel the speed on the screen
8,It's a true story movie that has good acting and car-loving people will be happy because they're good actors, but the running time is over 230 minutes, but it's not boring and there's something left over.I knew it after I saw it. Know that it's a French Le Mans 24-hour race^^
9,This is a man's movie.
10,Wow, seriously. This is a movie
10,The movie where Batman rides Ford and fights Ferrari. But it's fun
10,I didn't know that the running time was long and I fell in love with it~The main character, Can Miles... I was sad the whole time I saw itㅜㅜ I watched it on Screen X  It's worth watching. I recommend it^^
8,I don't need music. Engine sounds and brakes. I lost track of time.
10,I mean, it's been common for other critics to lower their voices
10,It's the first time I've seen this movie since last year's Han Jimin One Top Star Missback, and just by looking at Matt Damon and Christian Bale's fiery two-top acting, time flies when I watch car racing on the screen, and it's adrenaline rush, and it's fun, proving that Disney isn't just an animation company
9,I watched the movie at 7 a.m. on the day of its release (not a part-time job). If you like cars and racing, it's a good movie to watch. And this movie must be seen in the theater to properly enjoy the racing scene.
10,Who is Pyeongsik? Why is Pyeongsik a street? He's full of bluffing
10,It's a movie that you can enjoy even if you don't know much about cars
10,I know why he gives 7 points~~
10,There was a real hero of history. It was bitter because it was based on a true story, and I liked it because it showed the rotten side of society well
10,Pyeongsik gave me 7 points, which means it's a masterpiece
9,It's like Mad Max in racing.
10,I can't believe Pyeongsik gave me 7 points
10,I mean, it's been common for other critics to lower their voices
10,It's the first time I've seen this movie since last year's Han Jimin One Top Star Missback, and just by looking at Matt Damon and Christian Bale's fiery two-top acting, time flies when I watch car racing on the screen, and it's adrenaline rush, and it's fun, proving that Disney isn't just an animation company
9,I watched the movie at 7 a.m. on the day of its release (not a part-time job). If you like cars and racing, it's a good movie to watch. And this movie must be seen in the theater to properly enjoy the racing scene.
10,Who is Pyeongsik? Why is Pyeongsik a street? He's full of bluffing
10,It's a movie that you can enjoy even if you don't know much about cars
10,I know why he gives 7 points~~
10,There was a real hero of history. It was bitter because it was based on a true story, and I liked it because it showed the rotten side of society well
10,Pyeongsik gave me 7 points, which means it's a masterpiece
9,It's like Mad Max in racing.
10,I can't believe Pyeongsik gave me 7 points
