그대를 사랑합니다
6,The movie is very nice
5,Time to think about the end of life.
1,Corninoluni technological wealth.
1,Nicolai is one and the same.
1,The gold was delivered to the Queen Mother, not to the rich of the Republic.
1,I had dinner with the advertising money from the Nine Fever era.
1,Can't Bad Boys and Women Exploit Their Enthusiastic Environment
1,Just a one-act play on TV
1,I think the rating is overrated
4,There is nothing greater than confession.
2,Nine points is too much. That doesn't mean it's in the one-point range. So, 2 points
1,The rating is too inflationary
1,Typical Korean Trash Movie
6,the dismal and rich performance of older actors
1,The movie looks good, and I tried to watch it with freebies, but they wouldn't let me watch it This is Mrs. White Suits Management for Entrance and Exit of CCTV Underground Art Hall, Noryang 2-dong, Dongjak-gu As the ticket says, "You're not a drunk or weak person over the age of 30, and you just go and ask if you're going to give them a free gift, and don't look at them."
6,The purpose and meaning of living a life of joy and anger, and the unmeasurable greatness of love
1,The rating is too high for adjustment
1,Perhaps it was relatively successful in bringing countless old people to the theater with a contrived character setting suitable for the story of Shin Pajo.
1,ㄲㄲ헤 hehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
1,It's just... Just
1,It's fun even though I didn't watch it.
1,It's sad, but it's not 9 points
1,It's just boring  Totally.
1,It's a warm story, but it's too long and boring
1,I couldn't understand the movie and it wasn't realistic
1,The movie that I happened to watch because the ratings were high on netizens...I watched the most beautiful breakup movie in my life and I chose this movie because it was not interesting.I watched up to the third part of Kang Pul cartoon, but there was no timing to cry.
1,Emotional crap movie...
1,It was fun, but the rating is too high, so I'll give you a discount.
1,a boring film
5,Good actor, good script, good original, easy result
6,It's a story that glorifies suicide, so...
1,It was fun, but it's kind of a movie to watch again
1,It's fun, but I don't think it's the same movie as the three idiots.
1,One point is a waste.I can't believe such a poor movie is in the 9th grade
4,It's not fun. ㅜㅜ I just did a great job expressing my sadness in old age, and I wonder what my children are thinking.I almost cried at the end.A couple who can love like that even when they're old.But it was boring. ㅜㅜ
1,Is this really fun?  I think it's a movie that's been overrated
1,What is it?
5,The realistic setting is one point, and the slow acting ability of the lady picking up the box is one point. However, Lee Soon-jae's excellent acting skills are perfect, so the average score of the movie is 5 points, and the score above that is not given to the movie but a sympathy vote
3,I didn't really get into the webtoon or the movie, but I just turned it off.  It's not my cup of tea
6,Although he handled the love of old age well, it is not enough to make the original film into a movie.
1,It's not fun to watch the trailer. It's rated higher than the New World. Are you giving senior citizens a lot of credit for appearing on the show?
1,The ratings are a bit impressive
1,It's not that fun...
1,Come on!
1,That's ridiculous
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,You need to roll up the foam
1,It's a ridiculous movie LOL
1,You're so ridiculous. What's this?
1,What's this?
1,Why is the rating so high? Oh, my
1,Loyalty is more important than love.
1,Loyalty more beautiful than love
1,love
1,Haha
1,1 point because you're not loyal
1,1 point because there's no loyalty more important than love
1,have no sense of one's own
1,Do you know?
1,I'll be grand?
1,That's ridiculous
1,a disrespectful communist film
1,I won't say much. Loyalty!
1,a film full of love
1,Are you ignoring Bosung? Loyalty!
1,Loyalty over love
1,Why is love so important?
1,Loyalty comes before mere love.
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,He's no match for Jansu
1,NAVER's rating is unbelievable
1,a mediocre democracy
1,a great deal
1,There's no seniority in old age gap
1,1 point for lack of dignity. Marrying a girlfriend who was with her when it was difficult even if she suddenly made a lot of money. That's the man's rule
1,I heard that there's a left glue instead of course
1,Oyu of loyalty hates old people who are conservative old people The movie that only old people appear in is OUT
1,It's not fun at all
1,a poor film glorifying suicide
1,G and B
1,Not funny
2,This is...
1,In Korea, sad things have to go in. It's the truth that's uncomfortable
1,A Typical Korean Emotional Movie
1,It's not fun
1,The river pool, S and B
3,It's not that bad.
1,Lee Soonjae. 1 point because it's annoying to sell insurance with a big image of an adult.
1,But I can't save the original
1,I didn't expect the rating to be this high, but I didn't think it was boring, but if it wasn't fun, I liked the last part of the original cartoon.The elderly couple with dementia are also very sad
1,Bubbles are bubbling
1,.......what are those who get 10 points when they're sad?
1,It was worth watching Solka, but it's not a movie that deserves this much rating.
1,The movie itself is good, but a masterpiece that will get this much rating...;;
1,Boring emotional man
1,It's not this bad. About 8 points.
4,Don't look back after reading the cartoon
1,That's the worst!
1,Should it be this high?
1,The rating is too high.
6,I can't relate to the movie.I was really looking forward to it.
1,Isn't the ranking too high?
1,The obvious story itself
1,Oh, my. If I thought it was boring and boring, I wouldn't be touched. Please don't be fooled by the ratings.
1,Well ...
1,Boring.
1,Rating too high
5,Except for the character of Mr. Gunbong's wife with dementia, I brought the original almost exactly the same. I think there are a lot of scenes that I didn't do well. The actors' acting is very good.
1,Personally, I don't like it
1,Ratings;;
1,I don't think I saved the original
1,I really don't think so. Personally
1,Ah... I think
1,I need to take care of my GPA This isn't right
1,It's calm and warm, but it doesn't seem like the current rating.
1,Do you all work part-time?
1,an accessory to the fun
6,The story is obvious. The actors' acting skills saved the movie.
1,The directing skills
5,It's written by Kang Pul, so it's a great...I don't know if I watch a drama or a music video because of excessive use of music. In a word, the directing power is really eye-watering. I don't know if Lee Soon-jae is doing a sitcom or what he is doing.The movie's rating is low in Korean audience
1,not much
3,Is it just me? I don't know the content from the beginning.
1,I don't know if my feelings are dry or--
1,Don't give me 10 points just because I cried. It's not fun
4,It's good, but I'm slightly forced to move
6,I couldn't concentrate on my emotions because I couldn't see Kim Soo-mi's easy-going appearance. I wonder if the laughter played a part...I know
1,The movie is ruined, but the score is perfect
4,I don't like it
1,an honor for those who live only a few days away
6,It's touching enough to be sober, but the movie should have ended when Kim Man-seok turned off the streetlight.
6,It's about romance that exists forever even in old age
1,I don't think it's good
1,It's not as good as the original
1,It is not a film up to 9.4. 8.5 is appropriate, so...
6,Well, casting is somewhat unnatural, and there is a limit to moving cartoons
1,The rating bubble has been reformed... I feel like I'm being overrated because it's a Korean movie
5,an extremely sentimental and predictable film
5,A clumsy movie that doesn't get the comic, melodramatic, or sentimental
1,The movie I thought was more boring than in the theater has a high rating.
1,Kim Jaechul is a parachute. Search for people and see their experiences
1,John, I wrote it well. I watched this movie and it was disgusting. Don't ever erase your writing, John.I'm a big fan of course
1,Can't help it if cartoons are better? lol
1,I strongly recommend a movie where you can feel both fun and emotion
5,Can't help it if cartoons are better? lol
6,It was touching, but I couldn't relate to it
6,If you followed the MBC one-act play, you should do more than that, right? Honestly, it's an overrated piece!
5,a sad movie
6,Unfortunately, unfortunately, people moved.
6,When you get old, you're all tired and sad
1,To be honest, is this a movie that deserves second place?
4,This kind of story, young or old, is cliche.
1,A movie that the elderly watch
4,Is empathy proportional to emotion?
6,Honestly, cartoons are much better.
5,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it too much. It wasn't good.
1,A typical Korean movie.It's a movie that shows the end of mannerism
2,I was forced to watch it for about an hour...I was holding it in... I turned it off
1,Most touching movies are touching, but it's nothing because I expected it because of the movie
1,It's a movie I've seen somewhere, and the rating is too high
1,It's really boring. The most beautiful star in the world. This movie is the saddest.ㅠ.ㅠ>
4,This is the directing power that should only come out in human theater
5,It's just plain and cliche
6,A movie that faithfully translates webtoons
1,The rating is higher than I thought. 8.5 is just right
1,I don't know if it's touching, but the rating is too old...
1,This is really useful...
1,It's not fun. I'm sleepy. It's conventional.
4,I have lingering feelings, but I am not sad
6,It was more disappointing than I thought.
1,Bubbles. Disappointment
1,There's no support... a rating bubble
1,forced tears
1,It's not up to my expectations.
6,Is it because I was so touched by the original? It was just plain.
1,Good
1,--- What?
1,Rating adjustment
1,Well.
1,Well.
1,Don't ever look at it... it's going to burst into tears.
1,Good
1,I love you.
1,jackpot
1,I love you.
6,a flat crop
2,I trusted the ratings. What's this?It's not fun at all Don't look
2,This is just right
1,Rating adjustment
1,a rubbish movie
1,Rating adjustment
1,Good
1,I don't know
1,rating adjustment
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,Is this true?
1,Touching movies have too high ratings.
1,I don't understand how this is being pouted with three idiots.
1,This movie is not worth the same rating as three idiots, but it is too fraudulent for Korean movie ratings.
1,Why is this second place...?
2,1 point is too much
1,Why is this so high?
1,Boring than I thought
6,It's a pretty good movie, but it's not as good as the original, and it's overbearing.
1,Love, which is described as suicide, is by the wayside. It's forced.
1,Those who don't know how to watch movies that give 10 points to Korean movies
1,I just don't want to give a rating. Why is it so high?
1,Oh, my.
1,What's this?
5,If the original is 100 points, this movie is 30 points...Make sure to watch the original cartoon
1,Why is the rating so high -- it's not that funny
1,To be honest, I don't think it's a movie that can exceed 9 points.
1,Ah, honestly, it's not number one rating... It's a bit too much
1,It's a movie that smells like old people.
6,It's just a calm movie.
5,Is it the power of part-time jobs? Korean movies are silent and silent
1,It's not that...
1,One-point part-timers can't trust domestic movies because of their quality of work
3,I couldn't really feel it. I turned it off while watching itSo ㅠㅠ
1,I don't know if I'm sleepy...It's not fun... I don't even know if it's sad
1,It's sentimental, but it's not real, so I'm just coming down from the top spot
1,A movie that's worth a point
5,I guess my emotions are dry
6,I hope there's something special, but... After all, love is all the same.
1,Let's get a grade point
2,Even if the screen time is short, the story has to be consistent. How can you adapt a good cartoon like this?
1,It's not a Korean movie. I'm embarrassed
1,It's sad but it doesn't seem like we won first place
1,I'm so sad ㅠㅠ
5,"What did you do today?"" Do you know why I keep asking? But I liked the ending where we met again
1,Phew...
5,It was a movie that didn't cry much and was cliche
6,It's gross, but it's okay
5,It was boring because it was a book.
1,It's touching. It's touching
1,I agree that 8 points is enough
1,8 points is enough
1,It's definitely not a movie with 9 pointsThis isn't--
2,Scenarios, directing and acting are all stereotyped. as unimpressed as if from a vending machine.
6,Is it because I'm emotionally dry? The story and the production seemed too obvious
1,If you were bored and annoyed, Kim Soo Mi's acting was funny.Because of Song Jihyo, I held it in until the end
5,Kim Soo Mi acting was funny and I felt sorry for my grandmother and grandfather.
2,I was expecting a rating, but I divided it into two frames with a flat story
2,A movie worth watching once... but... You'll be disappointed if you watch it based on the ratings
5,LOL You're right ㅠㅠ <-- same bird.It's stuck
1,Look at the rating (...) (ㅠㅠ) <--- It's obvious that you've worked hard just by looking at these things.>
1,This crazy... Shoshank has a higher rating than T2 and Titanic. Let's stop here
1,have a gentle touchWhy did this pretty grandmother go to her hometown?The rating is too high
4,The best score out of the original "Kangpool
1,It's not that...
5,Excessive glorification of immature love syndrome.
1,It's touching, but it's a bit distracting to capture everything in that short time.
5,Why is this movie so high? I'm not just saying this, but this movie is about five points good
6,I guess I'm still not young enough to sympathize with your love
1,You're trying to force yourself to cry.I got 7.5 points.I need to cut it because the rating is too high
1,It's fun, but the ratings are so high
1,It's fun, but the rating is too high. It's about 8 points.
6,The rating is too high.--
1,OOO movies
1,It's touching, but...I don't think it's 9.5... I think 8 points is perfect.I'll cut the rating.Hah!
1,That's too much
5,A drama that makes me think about my old age. It's definitely not in the 9-point range.
1,No matter how high the ranking is
6,It's not 10 points...
6,Is it because you're looking forward to it?I'm not bored, but after all, human life is...
5,My heart aches for my parents rather than being moved by the story
1,It sounds fun, but I can't accept that it's higher than three idiots, so 1 point
1,It's touching, but the score is too high
1,Bored in obvious situations
6,Well...
1,It was worth watching, but the rating is too high
1,a storm of tears
1,I'm getting a higher grade because I'm getting a higher grade. I don't like this
1,It's a bit bitter, but it's just trying to squeeze the tears out
1,I think my score is too high
3,No details, no details, no smoothness in the overall emotion, and crudeness.
1,Is this funny? No, why the hell?
1,It's a movie that can give you 7 points. I'll give you 1 point for those who want to watch it
1,I don't think it's good
1,Where is the impression of the original... Honestly, it's not up to 1 point, but the rating is too high
5,I enjoyed the romance comic book, so I looked forward to it, but I slept for an hour...
6,a film with a gentle touch
1,It's boring
1,Everyone's raising the score because it's too much.I don't know what?
1,Yes, please.
1,I'm not that sad. I think the rating is too high
1,They're saying it's not funny.
6,I think the rating is a little exaggerated.
1,In a word, it's not fun
1,It's a waste of money if you don't say this
2,I'm upset that my old age will be like this. It's not fun
1,It's not 9.5. I wasn't sad at all I can't keep up with cartoons
1,It is not 9.5... It makes the score compare, but it's not as good as the three idiots, don't cry Tonj.
1,Kim Sumi got 1 point because of Soy Sauce Marinated Crab
1,- Score 9.5... - That's ridiculous
1,Not funny
1,I'm a funny business ㅠㅠㅠㅠcrying
1,This is really not it
1,But it doesn't keep up with the times
1,There's a lot of part-time jobs; this kind of forced feeling is boring
1,The river grass is skate skate.
1,It's so boring. It's not touching. That's not good! What a waste of money!
1,Why not?
2,I really don't understand how the movie can get this rating
1,I don't think 1st place is good
1,It's recommended by Kang Pul Sikki.
1,9 points is just right, so it's Haha, I love you
1,Is this a movie with 9 points? Are you out of your mind? Or are they part-timers? a trash movie
6,It was worth watching, but I'm sad that the composition lacks completeness and connectivity
1,It's just... yeah.
1,Honestly, I'm not that touched
1,Don't push me too hard
6,A movie that I could relate to because I'm Korean... But?
1,I was surprised to see the movie ranking. It's fascinating that if you get emotional, you get first place.
4,I think it's the peak of forced tears and emotion. I didn't like it.
3,I was disappointed because I saw the book so well that I wanted you to reenact it
1,As expected, I decided not to watch Korean movies with money. It's like a TV drama.
6,The movie saved by Lee Soonjae. It's not completely touching, but it's a warm atmosphere.The photographer is so funny
2,It's just... It's no different from a cartoon
1,This is 9.5. Is this higher than Godfather, Shawshank, Forest, Leon? Do you give 10 points if you cry?
5,I went there because I saw the original so sadly and the reviews were so good -_- I can't give you the impression of the original
1,I'm sorry............
6,If it weren't for the actors' great acting, I think I would have failed. I'm sorry I couldn't keep up with the original.
1,Where is the touching part of the original...It's just something to watch
1,Well.
1,It's not as good as I expected.
6,It was touching, but it wasn't as good as I expected... It was a bit boring.
6,I don't know. I don't like it. Others say it's heart-warming I don't like it.
6,There's no such thing as doing the original
1,Oh, my
6,Well, the experts down there are pretending to know. I hate to see you
1,I think about nine would be enough
3,Obvious content. Obvious background. Obvious lines. What a waste of time!
5,It's almost a documentary. And I don't think this is what a touching movie is like.
1,Well
1,The ratings don't guarantee it.
2,It was a movie worth going to the theater after the rating and covering it up
5,Wrinkle-free grandfather, grandmother, I don't like it.
6,Watching cartoons, I don't like it. It wasn't fun knowing the whole story. It's going to be touching
1,Seven points!
6,A movie that is less touching than the original
6,I would have dozed off if I saw you at home.a bit of a boreIt's the worst movie with 9 points or more.7 points are right
1,Not in Korea
1,I enjoyed watching it, but it's not this much. I need to get a rating down
1,not much
6,a bit of a forced feelingA little laugh and a gentle touch.I don't recommend it for the theater
1,With the love of old parents LOL
1,Compared to the killer team, it's a mess
6,The story is very corny, but it tells us our future. The steady attendance is amazing.
6,Deep beef bone soup has a deep taste, but it doesn't taste good
2,I was completely fooled by the rating! Of course, I cried in the middle, but the storyline was not that boring
1,Is Kim Soo-mi and Lee Soon-jae the only elderly actors in Korea? From CF to drama to movie, I am so tired of it
1,3/19 9.56 Exaggerated Ratings
1,It's not a movie that will get that much score
1,a highly exaggerated rating
1,Don't go overboard.
1,Don't watch it. It's not fun
4,Compared to the original...It's just...
2,It didn't really hit home. the boredom of the whole time
6,They say it's touching. I don't think older people will like it
1,It's nothing compared to Kangpool's original cartoon
5,I think Song Jihyo is much better than Kim Yu-na
2,Stupid director ruined the movie! The message of the original is not sadness, but consideration
1,I have nothing to say. They're old people. What do you want me to see?--ㅡㅡ
1,-- JAMUP Tteotteoburu 조 What a waste of Ochunan seen as early morning
5,It's touching, but it's too obvious.
1,I can't beat Shawshank.
1,It's just boring
6,I can't trust you because of your part-time job on NAVER. What's 10 points? That's too obvious
5,I saw it because it was touching, but if I thought I was going to die because of the boring story, Lee Soon-jae saved the movie
5,It should have been more touching if you made a cartoon into a video.There are too many main scenes missing from the original
6,Another Gangful cartoon film that shows the limitations that cannot be overcome by the emotion of the cartoon
1,Good night at the theater... It would be worth watching if you didn't watch the original movie.10% Touch of Original -_-;
6,I'm a bit sad that the scene where grandmother Lee meets her mother is not included in the original movie
1,It was touching for a moment, but the beginning and the end were boring.
6,It's okay to die, like 12 birds?
2,Maybe because I watched it late at night, I just slept I've never slept in a movie theater like this in my entire life
2,I like Kang Pool cartoons, but movies...
1,Expert ratings are correct.
1,This was so bad. People cried. Did you come to the movie theater to cry after watching this?I felt like that
6,Forced to make the audience cry...The sad scene made me cry, but it wasn't a good movie.
1,Is this fun?
1,That's a good part-time job
5,The part-timers... Are you kidding me?
2,I wasn't... bored
1,처where
1,I wasn't impressed by the play, so I was disappointed. I was looking forward to it.
1,It was fun, but the rating of Korean movie is too high.
5,It's just so
1,If you saw the original cartoon...If you watch a movie, you'll regret it.
1,I really looked forward to the ratings, but it wasn't sad at all. It was obvious. I'm a little disappointed.
1,I lost all my money
1,There are too many part-time jobs.
1,Fake touching
1,I couldn't really relate to life in my 60s, sometimes it was fun and a bit boring
1,I couldn't immerse myself because the setting and development were forced. a boring movie
5,Oh, my God. I think I'm really overrated.
1,It's not a movie that's going to get this is it?
5,the highest rating in a film screenplay
1,It's not enough to be the best...There seems to be a lot of difference between internet movie review and actual feeling
1,I don't like sad ending, so I just don't like it
1,Honestly.............really trashy lol why is this 1st place in the rating?--ㅡㅡ
1,Rubbish movie.............
1,Scoring the average score
5,I watched cartoons and movies. Is it because I know the whole story?It was so boring, but I was a little sad.
1,not much
1,I want to lower my GPA. S B
1,The rating was high, so all the family members went and watched it. I feel like I've been tricked. Even the tearful wife didn't cry.
1,The score is too high^_^
1,The rating is too high^_^
4,a film that is far from perfect to cover everything up with old actors' performances
1,The rating is too high.I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. I think parents will like it.
1,It's a lot of fun, but 9.6 is a perfect score, so I lowered the over
1,A lot of part-timers are sticking together
6,Was it because my expectations were too high? I don't think it's a movie that gets this much reviews...
1,It's not a rating, but it needs to be lowered
6,I don't like it
1,have a high rating
1,I want to give you 7 points, but I give you 1 point because you have a high score. Does 9.61 make sense?
1,Our country's movies are from there to there --
6,The casting was a bit disappointing and the connection to the scene was a bit awkward, but it is pathetic.
1,Let's get 8.8 points
1,My score is
1,It's really fun. So my score is
1,Wow, this movie is awesome ㅠㅠ I got goosebumps.
6,The last scene is cringe-worthyThe line is not just a romance ㅠㅠ
6,Lee Soonjae's proper casting!
1,I don't know if it's because I didn't watch the original...^^I think it's a well-made movie, but I'm not fully immersed.
1,Strong!
6,I didn't know what was going on, but I guess I was really looking forward to it. ^^; To be honest, it was just like that.
1,For rating adjustment
1,It is a heartwarming movie, but the rating is too high.I yawned a lot because it was so loose
1,It's not that...
1,1 point for rating adjustment
1,a rating scam
1,I regret it when I watch the movie after the rating.
1,These part-time jobs are annoying.
1,It's fun, but... Weak last-minute touch 8.5 points is appropriate
1,What's good about left-leaning?
1,It's not fun
1,It wasn't funny personally. I was watching and came out in the middle.
5,It's kind of forced. The acting is good, but...The story is...It's boring... It's boring...
1,A movie for a trashy movie man who doesn't know what the real emotion is and is used to being forced to do it
6,After watching it, I can feel the limit of the movie, too.
1,No way.
4,The love story of the elderly. Not interesting. Why should it be made into a movie?
1,Is this sad? It's like you're squeezing out tears. I should have bought ice cream.;;;
5,Ratings cannot be given as preferential treatment for senior citizens.
2,It's a piece of work that I can't get from Kang Full's original work. At the end, it makes you think of E.T.
5,The original webtoon was touching, but the movie was boring, so I yawned
1,It's not fun
1,Don't cry. Tons or three idiots should win
1,Half a star is a waste
1,Ah ;;That's a real part time jobAre you kidding me? I can't watch a movie because of Kim Soomi
1,moving
5,I was looking forward to it, but cartoons are much better than old river pool movies, boring, and there are not many jobs except for funny things
6,It's not as touching as the original.It was okay, but I can't get rid of the feeling that I was in a hurry to finish the second half
5,I don't like the original version. If you want to be moved by the movie, you should watch the original later
4,I watched the original and it was really boring I'm faithful to the original...I think it's better not to watch the original
1,It's just 6.5 times less fun than the original. Part-timers--
3,Those who watched the original will be disappointed. If you haven't seen it, it's okay
6,I'm kind of disappointed because I saw the original first. The acting was good :)
1,The director should have reconstructed it as he wanted. Every line of the river pool that's not smooth
1,It's better than the director's poor work
1,The story was outstanding, but the director did a good job acting, too
1,The actor's acting and story was outstanding, but the director couldn't make it work
5,Yes, I do, but I don't have anything to say. Yeah.
1,It's the first time I've been criticized for my GPA.Phew... My 9,000 won
1,It's an unrealistic movie that I tried to impress. In fact, most of the conservative mean old people.
1,The part-timers who gave me 10 points in front of me said, "I'll make a difference and do it."
1,Don't look.
1,You all know that part-time job?It's only a seven-point movie.
6,I went to the preview... I don't think I made the right original work.I'm really sad.That's how much I'm a fan...
1,A clumsy C-rated movie that failed to properly utilize the actors' acting skills and beautiful videos
2,As a reader who has read comics more than 10 times, there are so many parts that I am into the movie...
6,I saw it at the premiere. It's touching, but... A movie that you have to watch at a movie theater... Haha
1,It hasn't even been released, but it's a part-time job
1,Did you see it in the future?
1,It's too high. Let's lower it a bit
