주토피아
6,I used to enjoy watching it, but now that it's been a few years,
1,It's not very funny.Adjusting the rating angle
1,Women are herbivores. Men are carnivores. They grind every line
1,Oh, my. Lalala language
1,be crude
5,It's just worth watching
1,On the surface, you can think of it as an animation chase, but on the inside, it's an innovative content that reverses the traditional view of racism. Personally, if you think of the movie Get Out, it's childish. If you don't know the content, it's a kind of lack of concentration
1,It's so boring that I can sleep comfortably when I watch this movie. Honestly, I lost 10,000 won because of this movie
1,It's a white sensibility from the fact that the topic is reverse discrimination.
1,It's not fun.Unsuitable for the eyes of 10 years of age or older.It's such a childish cartoon.
5,The characters are cute and you can't remember the killing time movie
4,The characters are charming and lovely. However, using excessive force to break our prejudices in "good and evil" and " carnivores and herbivores" seems to have hindered the movie's immersion. It is also regrettable that the difference in the speed of development in the beginning and the second half of the movie is hectic.
1,I thought it was a groundbreaking material by turning men and women into animals, but the development was so focused on the infant level, so obvious and quite urgent. I wonder if it's necessary to satirize corruption even in an animation. I thought about 2 stars, but I need to lower my rating
2,The work itself is good, but the character's spirit was not good. Someone has to do the scabbing
1,industrial hardship sport
1,Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
1,심장 박동을 시도하다
1,인체와 인체가 열적으로도 활동하다
1,I don't know if it's good enough for a character to work And what's going to happen to kids who grew up watching Annie, who's pushing the good for the good from a narrow perspective? Get the rating
3,Personally, it's not fun. Personally, it's not fun.
1,I gave up after watching the beginning
6,Of course there should be no hate. But not loathing cannot accept everything. I felt uncomfortable in my mind throughout the whole time because it seemed to emotionally inject reckless recognition of diversity. A female gazelle with horns? Isn't that strange?
1,It's so boring. It's not fun
1,It's not fun at all, but why is it so high?I watched it while holding back what I wanted to turn off
6,I know what it means, but I feel uncomfortable. How do you breathe if you put gloves on the nose of an ice cream-making elephant? Animals, whether predator or prey, are nothing if humans leave them alone. I prefer stories like Charlotte's Web, which are much more realistic but both fun and touching
6,Attractive characters, clear theme consciousness and lessons, but unfortunate rhythm and fun reduce the focus on the play.
1,Why is their movie so popular?
1,A movie that makes you want to kill yourself
1,The character's cuteness, detail, graphics, and technology are recognized, but the story is not as deep as the Frozen. The story of zero probability story.
1,A movie that the establishment will like.
5,How can a rabbit and a fox be cops?
1,a dirty childish movie
1,It's too high
1,A good movie to watch once in a bad way. It dealt with reverse discrimination, but there was no depth, so it left only anti-themes for the logic of opposing discrimination.
1,Serious. Super boring ㅜㅜㅜㅜ Time is a waste
1,Honestly, the rating is too high
1,Disney is becoming more and more cliche and disappointing, and I admit that's it, but that's it, and there's zero creativity in the story or character. Nick Judy is a combination I've seen dozens of times in my life.He has no unique charm
1,I don't understand the rating at all. The plot and message are too weak, and the technology, manpower, and time invested in Zootopia throughout the whole time are a waste.  The ratings of "Frozen" and the public...I can't believe the level is this low. I wonder if there'll ever be another masterpiece like the Lion King.I guess the Disney era is over.
6,I think it's good for children's education because it contains educational content. I can't concentrate.
1,It's not a movie with such a high rating. in every way. About 6-7 points?
1,It's funny, it's a lesson, and the score isn't this...
6,Dreams come true! A message of hope for everyone.
6,It's just that the characters are cute
4,I think the kids will like it. It's not an animation for adults
1,What is it? Did YooA only see elementary school kids?ㅜㅜㅜㅜ What's this? It's not touching or fun, it's boring itself
1,I looked forward to it, but... It wasn't that fun.
6,The subtle representation of race and minorities was good. However, the story itself is too simple.
1,It's never this kind of movie. Young people these days don't see famous movies from the past. Toy Story, Wall E, UP, Mulan, The Little Mermaid.Compared to the masterpieces, the film is a straightforward symbol of elementary school stories made for education on EBS. The narrative is too simple. It's obvious
5,There is something too childlike for an adult.
6,a fable of modern sensations with trendyness
3,It's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun
6,I think it will be interesting to see the children
6,The visual beauty and story were unique and good, but I don't think it went beyond the cliché of the existing animation.
6,I was just like that...A sloth is not that...
1,It was fun. I enjoyed it
4,Too much, too much, too much, too much is as bad as too little
1,I think 7 points for rating adjustment will be enough. The peculiarity of the story, except for the delivery of a message, is a cliche film that is nothing special except the character's design
1,To be honest, if it weren't for Nick, I wouldn't have had this much preference. The content seemed to be poor from time to time. How can Judy, the senior graduate of the police academy, not think of traffic cameras?
6,It's an ordinary movie, but it's worth watching
3,I don't know why this movie has such a high rating, but it's boring
4,Everyone says it's fun, but I don't like it
3,I broke up with my girlfriend after seeing this.
5,It's fun. It'll be nice to see you again
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I think the rating of 9.3 is exaggerated.
5,It seems to directly reflect the recent conflict between Muslim migrants in Europe and black and white in the United States. Unfortunately, there is no antidote to this real situation. In terms of character, I think the fox is the main character rather than the rabbit. The casting of sloths is the best!
1,I can't believe this is a 9.3 point range. It's very...
5,There was a jam. The kids liked it
1,Annie Chewing No Fun -- I don't watch it
6,I think I tried to satirize a message that was never easy, but I missed it.
1,The movie was fun and well made. But it's not this position. It's 9 points in my mind, but I think it's too much of a point
4,a familiar reference, Hollywood's patent
1,"Job below Toy Story". What's 4th place
6,I don't like it. I don't like it
5,I dozed off while watching it, so I don't remember
6,I watched it with the children. It was a movie that my friend, who is also the father of children, praised. The children enjoyed watching. I was a momentum who felt... well, cliché Hollywood animations were clichés now. Or are you sure you're on your way?
5,It was fun, interesting, and not boring after a long time, I watched it coolly in the heat, and the contents I wanted to see again were fun and cool, but I thought I would have concentrated until the end without the scene of reminiscence or emotion, but it was fun
1,It's not 4th overall. Balance control
1,It's not 9.35 points
5,So cute. And the end
6,It's fun, but the latter part doesn't seem fun
6,It was the last movie I saw with you
6,It's not that new
1,Disney just made it as it was made, but social satire! It was such a serious animation
4,a funny but overrated rating
1,It's not a masterpiece. Come down
5,I expected a lot because it was Disney, but I was disappointed because the characters were clear and the music was not good.
1,As soon as I finished watching the movie, what is this movie? It was a childish animation trying to force a lessonIt was the worst Disney animation I've ever seen
1,It's worth seeing, not a masterpiece. Get off the charts
1,Childish Ppongchi Childish Ppongchi
5,It's fun and touching, but after watching the movie, I feel somewhat complicated and uncomfortable. It feels like it's left with a tangled thread. I think it's because I tried to put a lot of content in a short time.
5,It's a cartoon, but it doesn't look like a cartoon
1,Throwing 1 point! Hehehehe
1,There's nothing to see except a sloth. The usual obvious story and the obvious direction. Choi Sun-ho is a woman in her 20s, and you can see the level of children these days.
1,It's not 3rd place. I enjoyed watching it, but 3rd place overall is too much
6,I feel so sleepy in the middle
5,I bit an apple that looked appetizing, but it's not fully cooked yet. I was in a hurry
1,What's this high rating? It's not comparable to old Disney Toy Story. It's really childish, it's not touching, it's not a lesson
2,I don't think it's 9.3 points
6,Though there are some shortcomings, including imagination, a good movie overall
5,But Solka is a bit flustered because the story progresses so fast. ;-) It's not like I'm giving you 10 points just because you're cute
1,Make a Disney crime movie and ruin it
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun!
6,It's not as good as I thought.
2,It's a subjective idea, but it wasn't that interesting for me who likes fantasy. But I ended up smirking! The characters are cute, too! I didn't get along with Annie. But it wasn't very boring? That kind of movie!
4,Oh, I enjoyed the movie, but the movie itself was worth watching, but there was no answer from the children and mothers in the movie theater I can't concentrate on the movie because of the atmosphere
6,While we're looking at each other, let's have some time
4,It contains a message that is too difficult for young children to see, and it is a story line that is too poor for adults to see. It's a great family movie, but that's all. I think it's no different from any Japanese mass-produced animation that sells characters.
1,I know it's a good movie, but put your hand on your chest and ask what was the best movie in your life when you were old. If you don't think you can remember this, let's grade it a little bit
6,It's fun, but a lesson like Inside Out? I wasn't impressed, but I heard that dubbing is more fun, so I want to see dubbing again! I hope there will be more cartoons for adults and children
1,The score is too high, so I'll give you 1 point
6,The kids are so happy
5,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie with my children
5,Everyone is saying it's fun, but the story itself was too dark and scary for a 5-year-old child.
1,It's childish. Adults, don't watch it
6,It was a fun and fun movie ^^
1,I'll give you a star to win the first place in Shawshank.
1,Stop sucking me up. I'm sick of it
1,To be honest, first place is a bit
1,It was boring because it wasn't fun.
1,It's childish. It's a movie that adults who don't read a single book will enjoy watching
1,Personally, I don't think it's
6,I think I was looking forward to it a lot. But I still enjoyed it But I went with my little daughter, so I didn't see her wellㅜㅜIt's a little difficult for a 4-year-old. I think it's an adult movieK
1,Personally, it wasn't that fun
1,It's a movie that's perfect for elementary and middle school students. What a waste of time. Once upon a time, Disney was 100 times bigger... Disney died a lot... I'm a fool to look forward to it. It's a waste of time...
1,That prejudice... The public, who are not aware of the hatred of experience rather than prejudice, are rather prejudiced
4,I liked the scenes that made good use of the individuality of the animals, but the story itself was not as fun as the reputation.
1,It's too high. It's ranked second out of all the movies. Honestly, it doesn't make sense. I think about 8 points is enough
6,I came here with a 5-year-old child, and it is okay for an adult, but it may be difficult to see a 5-year-old child
6,The kid didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I guess you were looking forward to it
4,It's a relatively boring Hollywood animation. Don't be fooled by the ratings
6,It was just... It was okay.
6,I enjoyed watching it. It's nice
1,It's just 2-Rae-Gae-Dae-Gae-Gae-Gae-Gae-26ㄱ
5,It's not an animation that's worth seeing with the kids. They're scaryYes, I shouldn't have shown you
5,It was too obvious. The culprit and the blueberry noticed it
6,It's a baby cartoon that I'm embarrassed to see. A cartoon that's good for mothers to watch while holding their children's hands
1,Before I knew it, it was hard to see a domestic movie with a rating of less than 8 points The reason is simple Because Pancon and the Killing people who stop by for a living are barely worth seeing, and they give a ridiculous rating for their work I can't believe the score anymore.
1,Even elementary school students are not fun It's childish, it's obvious, it's not funny, it's just disability
1,It's fun, touching, and a message. The downside is too much of a typical storyline.
2,I guess I got older... I enjoyed watching Toy Story, but as I get older, why is Annie so boring? ㅠㅠ
1,I'm trying to lower the rating. Honestly, about 8 points... "Killing Time Nick" is cool, but I don't know why it's cool. I watched it because it was an animation of my life, and it seemed like I couldn't even reach the toe of Toy Story. Just a movie
6,From the standpoint, it was just so. The setting where the case was solved so accidentally was regrettable throughout the whole time. Nick has played the role of an obedient male supporting role like Disney's past, but his comments are particularly cheesy...Personally, I think it's not as good as inside out.
6,It's a rabbit-starred investigation completed with a sophisticated scenario, but it's minus one point because of the inconvenience of political ideology attached to its inner side by side.
1,In order to break the glass ceiling, it was very uncomfortable to be portrayed as a public official who should not do anything to produce results. The epitome of Feminism that seems to overlap with the Megal Rally.
5,I didn't know it was fun. I was fooled by netizens
3,Is this jam??;; It's just normal, I don't understand--
1,It's not fun at all. I have a rabbit in my arms Bubbles burst
5,It's okay.K
4,I'm bored. Disney does all sorts of things
1,The last movie I watched with my ex-girlfriend?
6,A movie that only sentimental women will like. If you erase the character, there's nothing left
6,It was simpler than I thought, but the problems inside the workplace were impressive.
4,It was good back then, it was fun
5,The problem is a musician who pretends to be the weak and pretends to be the weak
6,Yes, I fell in love with Nick. How can I be excited about the character in the movie? The fox was so cool Other than that, the characters were all cute and I think it would be fun to watch again. I really enjoyed watching it and I will recommend it a lot. You won't regret it
5,It's fun. It's so heart-warming.
6,Well, I don't know.
5,I don't want to see it next time.
6,The 4-year-old looked a little scary. He came outIt was so much fun to watch adults.ㅜ I'm sorry
1,Disney Family Movie - I'm here for a high rating I think I'm old haha It's okay to watch Disney fantasy that suits the innocence of women and children, but it's too generous - Not great
1,Someone please interpret the conclusion. Someone is bad
1,What I got from this animation: 1. a cute rabbit, 2. a fat cute leopard. Very common Hollywood heroics and success stories in big cities. The plot twist is less likely and the story is sloppy... Whether the audience target is an adult or a child.
4,It's something that even the best adults would like
6,It's like a movie in the lower grades of elementary school
6,It's fun. I enjoyed it ^^♡
6,It's not a big fun or a lesson, but it's an overrated movie
1,Except for the commercial.
1,Animation, animation
1,I'll have to watch it againAh, ah, ah.
1,Are you all elementary school students who say this is fun?
5,It's boring. It's obvious. It's for kids
6,Did you like the children's movie?Laughing at the Sloth
5,Only good characters in the story
4,I think it's a movie that's hard to watch with children
6,I don't know. I just saw it.
1,It's worth watching. I think it's all fun
1,Let's go down
5,At first, I thought it was just a children's animation that glorified such women, but it wasn't. There was an Easter egg that thoroughly digs into unconsciousness like Disney, and it points out the problems of women in the present society. If I were to give a star, I think two and a half would be enough
6,I don't know if it's fun
6,I don't think it's more than the level of fun that comes out these days. It was nice to see with the children.
1,I saw this, and it was really looking at the kidsI don't think it's a lot for adults.
6,Watching with the kids. It's a good movie ^^
1,It was boring and just like an elementary movie.
5,After overcoming the brilliant imagination in the beginning... ...the clichés are full of clichés
6,노력하세요. 세상을 더 나은 곳으로 만들기 위해 노력하세요.
1,I'm not sure.
6,Why is this around 9 points?
1,Is it because of my age? I can I blame my age?
5,It's so much fun
5,Well, look at this with your family K
5,The members are saying it's fun
6,I think the content and expression is too much for the entire audienceThere are some provocative scenes, and it's a little hard for a kid to accept
1,It's not fun. It's a waste of 1 point
6,I think it's worth watchingNot bad
1,Too overrated for fun. It's not that touching. It's just a movie to kill time
1,It's just a movie that's boring and a waste of money
5,It's not good. It's a punishment
1,A typical American happy ending, a cheerful triplet of "The Uneducated Brain Who Can't Distinguish Criticism from Now After Watching This Comment, It's a Love Story"
1,I'm not going to get the highest score
5,I'm sure it depends on the person, but I think it's because of the high expectations
6,The message is clear, and partly funny. The theme is too heavy for sweet children. He doesn't understand. He's bored. If you understand it as an adult animation for the entire audience, the rating will increase.
1,I'll give you 1 point because you're the guardian of the star balance
4,Zootopia was fun LOL
6,I watched it because it was crazy, but it wasn't really fun like Frozen or Incredibles. Just a baby cartoon?
6,It is not a movie that will get a nine-point rating. I give you 6 out of 10.
1,The characters are pretty cute, but...
6,It must have been boring. I think I laughed once...
1,It's all or nothing. Is it a matter for the board of directors? I was so uncomfortable watching it with a feeling of just enjoying it. Why? I think it's really a matter to think about.
1,It's been 3 months since it was released, but it's still in 3rd place
5,He gave me 500 won
6,I enjoyed watching it with Ai
6,a movie worth watching in a cute way
5,I watched it because I heard it was fun
1,I haven't seen Zootopia, but I'll give you 1 point if you get a higher rating than Terminator 2
5,I don't know... I saw it because it had good reviews, but Yongdu Samiim... The storyline is so broken that it's awkward. It's too bad that you didn't use a good character.
1,Mo점이a's score is too high. Go down there
3,Why is this so...?
1,It's not fun. It's not fun at all
5,It was nice to look at lightly.It was boring
1,I don't really like it. Don't look
6,It's a total viewer, but it's worth seeing more than elementary school children
5,Clawhauser 101010
6,I was expecting a super rabbit
1,What kind of trash can you give me a nine-point rating for a cartoon? Korea is a total no-chop Mental state, kindergarten students. That's serious.
5,It's a common drama about growth, but it's limited to detailed expressions
5,The kids like it
6,It wasn't as fun as I expected. Boring feeling...
5,Honestly, there's no reason why it's so high. It's just a kid's movie.I'll give you 5 points because I like the ending song.
6,It's worth a look
5,It's a movie worth watching Just.
4,A movie with fun imagination. Good, good
6,It was worth seeing, but I was disappointed that I didn't meet my expectations.
1,The rating is too high. Not this much.
2,It's way below my expectations. I like animation movies so much that I only watch animation, but it's not touching or fun at all. It's just so disappointing. I was looking forward to it because it was so much fun
3,I went to the end and saw it, but it's boring...
4,Well, the resolution was like an old animation
6,It's fun, but it makes me think that Disney cartoons are cartoons
6,It's nice to see with the kids
6,It was more fun than I expected
1,She says she's scared
6,It's good to spend time
6,I usually watch Disney animations without skipping. I watched it late because the word of mouth was so good, but I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it too much more than I thought ㅜㅜ
6,I guess it's because I was looking forward to it. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't hugeBut it was good! :)
5,It was the worst animation I've seen recently. There seem to be so many things that children cannot understand that they are considerate for adults who came with children. As a result, it is childish for adults and only half can be given to children.
4,Kids are scared of adult movies
6,It's kind of empty and I'm kind of sad that it's going too fast
1,Hmm? I like the picture but it's not fun.
6,It's an interesting movie. I enjoyed watching it with my daughter.
4,I don't think it's a general audience--ㅡㅡ
1,I just thought it'd be fun
6,It wasn't as funny as I expected. I was bored in the middle
1,The rating is too high. I give you 1 point to lower it For me, this movie is about six points Well, I have to go now
4,I watched the subtitles and dubbing. Both of them are fun
5,I enjoyed it while laughing^^
2,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
6,Except I dozed off in the middle
6,The fun of watching cute animals
4,It's childish and boring for adults.Haha
6,No fun, kid, kid, kid, kid, kid
6,There was a little bit of boredom.It wasn't as good as I thought.
6,I went to see it with my family, but honestly, if it wasn't fun, I think it would be hard for children to understand. If it was fun from the second half, I expected it because it had good reviews, but if it was like that, Frozen is much more fun
6,The technical expression is good and the message of the movie is understandable. However, it was hard to fully immerse myself in the main characters. But it's worth looking at in a cute. Recommended for your family!
6,It was a bit boring
5,I didn't like it because I expected too much.
2,Second place in all time movies? Are you kidding me? It's definitely.
6,^^ As expected, it's a children's story
1,It's not fun at all.  I expected at least Frozen because people responded so well, but I was really disappointed; I only looked at the clock to see when it would end. Of course, it could be a movie that has different tastes, but it was just like that level of children's animation that was cliche to me.
1,It was fun. It's fun
6,a character attractive to the structure that is not common
3,It wasn't that much fun. Hamtori is cute
6,The sloth is so funnylol
4,Disney's unique vitality has disappeared and mystery thriller is in place.
5,It's just plain and boring
6,I thought he expressed a very Disney material in a Pixar way, and the director said, "John Lasseter!"
5,I just watched it, but GFRIEND really liked it.
1,It's a waste of money ㅠㅠ
1,That was terrible I was bored from the start, so I slept in less than a minute
1,It's just that, but why all of you.I don't know if it's funny
6,They're a little bored
3,I think it's their movie
6,I watched it because people said it was fun. It's funny, but the story itself is a bit childish
5,I was bored beyond my expectations Frozen is the best
6,I think the story is good for children. Adults are a bit childish...
5,Childish. It didn't fit my age
6,The sloth is cute. It's kind of boring.
6,There was jam. They liked labor
1,a film with a correct expert rating Exactly 7 points. There's a funny scene and it's worth watching, but it's obvious that I'm trying to teach you a lesson and there are many metaphors, so I don't know if it's worth watching for kids. It's for killing time
3,I just didn't like it Was I looking forward to it too much?
6,Cartoons are just cartoons... I saw it with high expectations because the reviews were good.
1,It was just so-so, so-It was so-so
6,A deep story is wrapped in a simple plot. A movie that anyone can enjoy watching.
1,I've never laughed except for a hamster
4,I was kind of bored But my daughter said it was fun
6,I was looking forward to Zola, but it was just...
5,It was good. Maybe because I was looking forward to it, but it's not a waste of money.^^ They made it well
6,The scene where the sloth checks the number of the car really laughed a lot. There are some boring parts in the middle, but it's a twist and worth watching
6,I was a little bit bored after watching the commercial.
5,It's instructive  The joy of characters is small ㅜㅜ
5,(Singing "Woo-Woo-Woo-Woo-Woo" ㅜㅜ Woong-Woo-Woo-Woo"
5,Good, good, good, good
5,Judy is so cute. Look at her babies
6,It was fun until the last scene and I think I did well according to my age
6,It's a little difficult or scary to watch with young children. I think it's an animation for adults.
6,The sloth scene was so new and funny I think Annie's power is like this.
1,You can't watch this I lost 8,000 won. Sigh...
1,I watched it because I heard it was so much fun, but it feels like I've been tricked in years... I was expecting Frozen or Inside Out, but this is just for kids
6,It's kind of fun... It's a good movie to watch with the kids.
1,I hate school food bugs
5,Well, I'm looking forward to it.I'm disappointed more than I expected.ㅠ.ㅠ
5,an ordinary and popular animation It didn't suit my personal taste. I think it's because of the character that's funny but a little sloppy and unattractive.
1,I really like animation movies, so I looked forward to it. I was really looking forward to it. Maybe it's because I got a spoiler or missed one or two lines. If I can't concentrate, I'm going to watch it again because it's not fun. I'm going to watch it again
6,Good, goodGood
6,Dynamic development...I'm not that touched...But it's still fun...
1,I watched it right after watching Kung Fu Panda.
5,I saw it because it was popular
6,It was not fun at the end, but I don't think Disney movies are always fun
2,You don't know how terrifying Zootopia is, do you? Phew~ Humans~
5,It was fun because of the unexpected twist It's my first time getting excited by an animal.Disney is the best
1,I fell asleep in the middle, so I don't know the ending
4,It's better than anything else
5,Sounds like a pretty problematic Disney animation. Although the idea of using animals stands out, the content is actually only a criminal investigation drama that adults can understand and watch. I wonder what kind of fun and lessons it was made for children and why such a movie has been playing in theaters for so long.
1,It's like throwing up. The animals are talking about reality
1,It's worth watching for adults, but I guess the baby wasn't fun. I don't understand...You've been walking around, pooping, leaving, asking me to come see a movie like this. That's right ㅠㅠ
1,The movie that only Disney fans like. Dreamworks is better than Disney
6,There weren't a lot of fun scenes in the obvious story
6,It was fun. An animation with lessons
6,Everyone around me said it was fun, so I watched it once. Honestly, it's not that good. I guess it depends on the person. I watched it with my mom and she said it wasn't good either. It was just that the animals that appeared were cute
6,Maybe because I expected a lot, it was less fun than I thought. I think it's a movie that children will like.
6,It's so much fun^^
6,I was disappointed because I trusted the ratings.
6,It's fun. I think it's good for kids to watch
1,My immature brother went to London, so I believed that everyone wrote that the rating was good and enjoyed it, but the ax I believed tore my foot and bleeding. I said I dozed off three times because I was afraid my brother would feel embarrassed, but I think I dozed off about six times I think only otaku can understand Annie is a genre that only otaku can understand I was tricked
6,I should have gone with my 6th grade cousin. I'm sorry that I was fooled by the rating.
1,Well...
6,Maybe it was because my expectations were too high
6,Various perspectives, such as prejudice, discrimination, and reverse discrimination, were presented humorously through the personalization of mammals. However, it is very disappointing to see various loopholes in the plot, including the detoxification of poisoned flowers.
1,It was so much fun, but we adjusted the score
6,It's not as deep as inside out, but it's a cute movie
5,Just a cheek. Just give me a pointer. Don't make me hungry
3,It was hot. Let's open it. The end
6,The storyline is rather boring.   Music is good.
1,The fun of a rating of 9.41 is...
6,I shouldn't have seen it as dubbing. They're too loud.
6,I guess the rhino cop is too scary for a six-year-old
5,I went with my kid and I was okayThe rabbit is so cute
2,Was it boring?
5,It was more fun for adults
4,It's a movie with a high level of character, setting, etc. Not a ten-point rating.  You may be disappointed if you look forward to it. I think the rating is too puffy, but it's usually about 3D animation.Disney-like messages and moderate humor and twists. The end.
