뚜르: 내 생애 최고의 49일
1,People who have experienced the family's sudden visit are just envious of the time limit
1,Pretending to finish the race. I wonder what it would be like to be honest
1,Watch it on Netflix. It's no problem for bicycles to move in the streets of France, except for emotional arms, violations of lanes and signals, pedestrian traffic lights, running up the sidewalk, jumping back into the road, and driving around the city of France. It has not been able to hide the habits of children in countries with inferior citizenship. It may have been a great challenge, but is it a nuisance to the viewer or a sense of privilege for the sick? Or nothing more than silly comments. This should be a "penalty" not a horoscope. However, I acknowledge the hard work of the filming team who worked hard during the long journey!
1,12345678902 NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMME ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMME FREN
1,09o789678463254
1,It's a waste of time to download it.
1,Rating... It's not that touching or anything.
6,The main character's material and content are good, but...To be honest, the overall composition and direction of the movie... It was not natural and hard to concentrate.
4,Lee Yoon Hyuk, who lived a short but cool life
6,It's hard for me to get into character
5,the path of life passing like a flashlights
1,It's a very moving story, but... The film itself is a lot less complete.
1,I think we need to adjust the rating.
6,It was a bit boring why the conflict came out so long in the beginning, and the cinematic perfection was a bit low, but the power of the true story... Yoon Hyuk, who lived a better life than anyone else in a short life, threw the meaning of life to me who lived lazy for a while.
5,Lee Yoon-hyuk's time-limited completion of the Turd is highly appreciated, but it lacks fun as a movie. Running time is also insufficient, but Yoon Hyuk's hard work and achievement are not well seen, and until the middle of the day, the internal strife and conflict of the staff are the main focus. After the middle, they harmonize to help Yoon-hyuk complete the race, but it passes too quickly.
1,I feel like I need to adjust the rating.
1,I don't know why the rating is so good.
1,Let's adjust the rating. 10 letters
1,Of course! How dare you! He's trying to fight off the Shawshank escape and the 1st and 2nd place
1,12121212121212Tears are drawn out, but that doesn't mean it's the first movie.
1,Hmm... It's sad but it doesn't seem like it's first place in overall ratings
1,I'm here to adjust my rating.
1,The main character is really cool, but the movie adaptation is so bad
1,In Korean movies, it is an exceptionally touching genre movie that has already become a genre, but the basic conditions of the movie itself are very weak
1,I like them all, but it's not enough to get 1st place in NAVER movie ratings
2,Congratulations on getting 1st place.
2,There was no reward for forcing the children to be a turning point in their lives.
5,The Fiesta of Drinks... The title of the guitar performance tells the movie as it is
1,Gukppong and Shinpa drama's obvious dejavu
1,He's got more than a bear, and he's got more money.
2,I got a high rating, but it was never boring
2,I'm disappointed because I have high expectations
3,The press already gave a spoiler about the plot, so it didn't really hit home It's a movie that the media killed.I think it's more touching to deal with the real person named Lee Yoon Hyuk
