명탐정 코난: 천공의 난파선
5,There's nothing else to watch except Kid. There's no mystery color in the original, and there's nothing else to watch but the ghost kid's charm I really enjoyed the countdown to heaven for the story formation and production, but this was boring, so I watched it while skipping. The villains came out so much that there was no sense of excitement.
5,The 11th striker is 100 times more fun
4,a sloppy narrative and a lame ending
5,I'm just going to go see the Kid
1,work lawfully away from Congress
1,Kerry Health Technology Development Ground Tribunal
1,There's no reasoning, there's only absurd action
1,It's just amazing that this is fun
1,I'm a soldier. I can't even get a shot
1,Maybe he's just trusting his fandom and dragging him on.
5,This isn't very... My guess?
5,Kid doesn't do much. It's just...
5,Puzzle elements wrecked in the sky
1,It's not fun. I just slept well crying
1,Kid saved this movie
1,It's a boring movie.
1,It's a movie that's
1,It's a boring cartoon.
1,It was the least fun of all the theatrical versions except for the 15th one.Conan's movie is ranked 1st on NAVER.
6,Conan's mysterious bullet-free passive
5,It's getting more and more ridiculous. The idea of terrorism was wonderful, but... What mercenaries can't even hit a gun, Conan's dodging and flying around. It's so empty. to the end
3,It's up! Book reasoning!It's probably for easy development, but even this is sloppyUsing a terrorist unit to blow up a lab is just stealing a few Buddha statues.Why don't you just sell your biological and chemical weapons and steal them off the grid? Overall, the story and setting are not perfect. The appearance of the kids and Osaka couple is worth watching
1,What's this? It'
5,There's a war criminal. I think it's crazy, but it's fun, so I gave you 5 points
6,It's nice to see the story evolving, but it tastes more like action than reasoning.
1,What is this?
6,It wasn't that funny. No big action, no obvious story
1,Just drop the nuclear bomb--
3,It's obvious.
5,It's less fun than the cross of the labyrinth for the 14th generation
6,It's bigger, but it's a fun movie
1,To be honest, I think my job has raised the rating...
1,Mission impossible disguise...?
5,It is regrettable that it would have been better if the story was set in the direction of biochemical terrorism. It's like you've gone into the mountains because you're too focused on the twist. Personally, it was a lot better than 15, but compared to the 13th...
1,The work buried in the 13th S.B
1,I don't want to be a ghost kid
6,To be honest, it's not that fun!Well, 60 percent. It's just the same thing
6,A work that Conan is starting to go under
5,Detective Conan: Better than 15 minutes of silence
1,Is this how it ends?What if Nam Do-il is suspected of being a goblin kid?
1,Let's bring it down among the famous paintings
1,The rating is too high
1,Nam Doil is a ghost kid. If Oh Youngsa sees Nam Doil, she's arrested. Oh, my
1,Watch the future boy Conan one more time, or read the Conan Doyle novel
1,I don't understand elementary school fans who say this is fun. Childish and boring Conan series.ㅉㅉ
5,Without a small twist at the end, it would have been less than five points.
1,It's so childish and boring
5,Personally, I don't like it more than 1st to 3rd generation.
4,The end is so ridiculous
3,It's going to be like this year.
2,It's like an elementary level.
5,Both the peculiar mystery and tension have disappeared.
6,There is a reason to be loved steadily.
1,Ugly High-Bara
3,I'm Conan Superman. I'm laughing
6,To be honest, it was disappointing.
5,Five points. It's boring. It's worth it.Is this the twist?Oh, my
1,It's like the quality of the movie is getting worse and it's a waste of killing time
1,I couldn't help laughing when I fell off the plane. Avoiding all the bullets. Are you Superman?
6,a flat crop
3,It's plain...
1,He's playing as a writer.
6,I can't give you 10 points if I just saw the countdown to the 5th heaven of the movie version. Sometimes I miss childhood innocence.
1,I heard it's been a year since Conan's movie director changed
1,A copy of Die Hard 3.Is it time for Conan to end?
1,I gave you a rating, but I already saw it. What else do you want me to stop watching ^^?;
5,Baby Annie ^^;
1,As expected, the power of elementary school students is great. It was really sloppy compared to the previous movie version
5,The material is good, but the money is ruined
6,The rating is too high.
6,Since the 10th generation, I've been disappointed
4,What's fun? An unrealistic animated film
1,To be honest, I was immersed in it, but after watching it, it was definitely compared to other theater versions
1,Conan has to deduce, but he does action here. Action in animation.
6,It's getting more and more focused on the scale and doesn't seem to care about the content. Is there a movie version like 6 movies?
5,I want a Conan movie version of Kenji Kodama
6,Do you like Conan?
4,I enjoyed watching it
1,It's childish
2,It's not fun...
6,Elementary school students are rating.LOLI'm going crazy LOL
6,You can't live up to your expectations or You can't live up to them.
4,Let Nam Doil impersonate you on the road
1,I try to give them a rating, but this is too high. I dozed off.
1,You need to be honest with me.
6,It's suitable for children
6,It wasn't bad, but this movie's rating is... This is why I can't believe NAVER's score
1,It's fun
5,Well
1,Oh, I think it's the worst Conan movie ever.
4,It's the worst Conan movie I've ever seen.
2,There is no corny reasoningcrying
5,Still Conan's charm, but coincidence and outrageous action... And an incompetent cop!
6,It's because of the last kid
4,The ghost kid is bad ㅠㅠ
2,It was the most disappointing movie ever. Is it because I have high expectations?
1,the worst twist that doesn't add up
1,--ㅡㅡ
1,The rating is too high. It doesn't taste like the theater.
4,Is this really a jam?    It's just like that
1,Well, I don't quite understand that it's funny.
1,As expected... I think it was a predictable twist, so I'll give you a comma.
4,The title is "Wrecked Ship," but it's not a shipwrecked shipwrecked
5,It wasn't good.
3,No matter how hard I try to make it fun, I can't keep up with director Jeon.
1,SuperDB ranking is a mess.
1,My name is Detective Conan
6,I watch this series because of affection.
6,Regret
1,I just wasted my time
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,He doesn't have anything to watch. He said he watched this eventually. It's fun
1,The child is so naughty. So, 1 star
1,It was inflated compared to the advertisement. There was no conflict with the ghost kid and the action scene was not good.
1,Conan = The killer, Conan, because wherever he goes, people die LOL What are you doubting?
1,It's not funny
1,A masterpiece?
1,I like Conan, but it's not fun. This is ㅠㅠ
1,I haven't watched it yet, but my brother is not funny
5,Oh... I didn't see it. ㅠㅠ But I think it'll be fun I'm going to go to the cafe and watch it. That sounds fun
1,Isn't it Nam Do's job?
1,Elementary cartoon...
1,It's just... it's cringe-worthy. My money ㅠㅠ
1,How can an animation like this beat Gone with the Wind?
1,The topic of elementary school and adult
1,It's not an otaku...
1,I didn't think it was 10 stars.
1,I watched it with my family and it was a bit boring
6,There is nothing impossible in my dictionary
6,Wow, it's full of 10 points. Is it a part-time job? I watched it just in case. I should have just watched it on TV
2,Why do Japan like bacteria so much? The content is interesting, but the subject matter is obvious
1,I'm Kyu-gap's dad, but John 1 is so angry. Is this a movie? Eating?
1,I don't like it
6,After seeing the ending, I felt disappointed... What is the ghost kid doing?
2,I watched it on National Liberation Day and I was annoyed with XX. It was not fun, so it was a waste of money
1,That's too much.
1,Honestly, it's not good to be in this position in the rating ranking.
1,The rating is too high
1,It couldn’t be worse.
1,Very childish and boring
1,To be honest, I was very disappointed in this episode
1,Why were you so tired?
5,"Ghost Kid" and "Yumiran Kiss Me" are annoying
5,It was fun
5,Honestly, I don't think Conan Mania watched it a lot. It was really bad for me as an ordinary person
1,Don't be like us imitating a Japanese cartoon. I'm ashamed Make a Korean one or imitating Korean every dayㅉㅉ
1,It's the worst movie I've ever seen, and it's a story with a quality that's inferior to Conan's TV
3,I hope you only watch elementary school comics
1,Damn, honestly, this is for the kids. It's not as fun as Conan's TV version
1,What's this?
1,I don't know if it's fun because I don't watch Conan often ^^ Haha
5,Smaller scale compared to previous works. Material exhaustion.
1,Case Closed : in the Sky.
5,I watch it because of mystery rather than thrills
1,= S = This time, it's baek
1,This time again ㅠㅠㅠ  As expected, 6th to 7th generation is no longer coming out
1,Don't raise the score. How can this be in the 9th grade?
1,the worst
1,Huh.
1,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
1,Do you want to do a broadcast only in your country?
1,What are you saying?
1,I'm getting a part-time job
1,What are you doing?
1,I regretted it
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
2,It shows the truth of the sham--
1,The score is 9.28 because there's only Coppa. Haruhi Suzumi is the best!
1,I guess Miffle made it
1,Honestly, it's like a movie for kids now. It's not funny
1,Why don't you make dubbing that's hard to make and subtitles that are easy to make?
1,You have a high rating because you're an elementary school student. I heard that it's fun when these kids act cool
1,I don't see it, but every time I do it, I press one
2,It's a waste of money to watch the movie, so I have to blow and eat the best
4,I enjoyed watching it, but Annie, Conan, who is not realistic, didn't get shot to death.
1,It's not fun
5,I can't believe that you pay money to watch a movie while doing TV.
1,You don't have to watch Annie at the movies ^^
1,I don't know what's funny. It's a fake. What is this?
1,It's a sacred place for elementary school students and fans. I'm embarrassed to watch the rest
1,I'm going to hit you! You're putting this up and giving me the godfather? What are you?
1,Good
6,He tried to steal a statue of Buddha, acting like a sick man, acting, changing the genre with love, honestly, among the theaters I've seen
1,Ah, the drawing style is completely different from the cartoon. Is this a movie? Is it a cartoon? Ah, my toes are laughing
1,It's going down again. 9.29!
1,9.3 Go down
1,I don't want to be forced
1,Why did you make Conan so pitiful?T
1,The last scene is really pitiful for Conan
1,a master of making rice cakes
5,Story... Reasoning... A twist... There was barely any... It was too obvious a development.
1,Murder. Contingency reasoning.The culprit is in here. Anaesthesia.The end! The elementary school movie... Phew... I'm sick of it.
1,Always the same pattern Conan vs. criminal vs. special person
5,I think this movie focused on action, so the story and reasoning were a little weak.
1,Take the 2nd exam
1,It's not much of course.
2,I can't believe he's higher than the godfather
1,If you watch elementary school movies, you'll be embarrassed
5,We're going to throw away the beef bone. Let's leave when we clap
5,I don't understand the rating.Six people in the audience just left in an hour.a tedious development
1,Is this a gathering of Conan fans and elementary school kids? Why don't you watch Teletubbies instead?
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,below expectations
2,Dr. Conan 브라운 Dr. Brown is so cool that I give you a star
1,Elementary students are so dignified. You're turning trash animation into a masterpiece
1,I don't like the kissing scene
1,.......dumbfounded
5,It's something that little children would like ^^
2,The otaku --
1,Let's really not do this...
3,Even if the content is 10 points, isn't the spirit of patriotism that should be lowered to less than 8 points since it's Japan first?
1,Elementary school vacation season... It's a temporary phenomenon!
1,Future boy Conan is much more fun
1,It's so much fun
1,The 8 point range is...
1,It's too high. You have to lower it
1,This OOO movie is in the top 10? I can't believe this
1,Elementary school kids took over NAVER movies
1,9th National Convention... That's too much
1,Because of elementary school vacation...
1,Do you pay for comics? Look at the champs
6,The movie is okay. But it was hard to see in the theater because of the middle schoolers who were more noisy than the kids??
2,It's funny? It's a dog
1,It's not fun at first, but it's not fun at the end
1,This is so funny. 18 year olds went and sighed the whole time
1,Stop making it and come out for the ending.
2,Why is this 9?
1,It's not a triangle game
5,It's not funny to be honest. I don't understand it's in the nine points range.
1,It's just a Conan movie.
1,What kind of movie have you seen like OOO? Otakuseki is good...ㅉㅉ
1,Isn't that too childish?
1,You make me speechless.
1,I'm not kidding
1,needless to say
1,not much
1,I'm sorry, but I don't want to see this coming second in all time ratings.
1,Well, I think it was a movie that was not realistic.
1,How can this be the highest score?
2,It's just an animation.
2,The meticulous and delicate production of cartoons is gone, and it seems to be going in the commercial direction
1,Conan's Inception. My Kim Yook
1,I didn't see it
1,It's good
1,Let's download it.
1,Why did I see it?
1,It's too much
1,I'm a big fan of Conan. This isn't right.
1,A red Siamese cat? (Laughing)
1,Like One Piece, in Korea, it feels like only cartoons have the highest ratings.
1,Are you kidding me?
1,Comic books, TV versions, get it over with. I hope you get kicked out of Tooniverse soon
1,an empty plot of content It was so boring at the end
1,-,.-ㅡ,.ㅡ
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,It's not my cup of tea
1,Conan Annie is much more fun! This is a graduation picture
6,I didn't like the last one.I'm doing it with Kidd. I'm doing it with Doyle.
5,I'm a high school student. It's not up to par; the theater kids are calling it Tooniverse--
1,Is this higher than Inception? -,;- Are you kidding?
4,There's no reasoning. There's only. It was fun, but it wasn't like Conan.
1,If you just say it's fun, you'll get a lot of good movies
1,It's not the highest rating
6,I don't know why there's a kiss scene between Kid and Miran. I don't think it's funny this time.
1,How can this be 1st place in the evaluation... Inception is also OOO
1,Regardless of whether it's funny or not, it's now at the top of the rating list
1,What's this?Later, NAVER's rating is a mess.Are you all playing for vacationing?
1,Elementary students in the theater... In the last scene, I remember the innocent look of elementary students.
1,What? This is...
6,From the perspective of mania, the speed of running is getting slower
1,I didn't know it would be so childish. I want to be a movie director and make a movie like this
6,But I don't think I can watch a movie when I'm 18 years old.It wasn't fun
1,I've seen too much, and now I'm tired of just looking at my face--
5,It was the second boring movie version since the 11th or 12th movie related to music
1,It's so boring--
1,The worst movie of my life
1,I didn't look for the body to find, but I just went to play? It's 79% dignified for teenagers
3,a flimsy cartoon
1,The movie is totally OOO. Fans, honestly admit that it's terrible What a waste of money
4,Conan, stop coming out. Why do you keep making this?
1,Don't be fooled. I totally got a part-time job.I downloaded it. Wow.
1,1 out of 10! Laughingering) Laughingering)
5,It's like watching cartoons on TV. I'm not saying it's not fun, but I don't think I need to pay for this.
5,If you get a good rating this time, you'll always get 10 points for Conan. 5 points for now
1,You're making more soup than beef bone soup. Let's end it now so that Otaku can sleep
1,Why does Conan keep doing it-- please get it over with-- it'
1,Honestly, is this fun?
1,Ppanyol (Korean traditional game)
