테이큰
4,A decent action movie that won't waste time and money. The beginning of Liamlison's action
4,As expected, the super hero was hit by two bullets and tied up. He ripped them all off. Wanjon's superpower, obvious story, obvious action, 5th rate action movie. What is this? I get irritated.
6,It was sensational when it was released, but it wasn't as good as I thought. Only Liam Neeson's fatherly performance was memorable. I don't know if it'll be good to watch in memory, but if it's just action and fun, John Wick series and upgrade are more fun.
6,A movie in which Albanian mafias are picked up by a retired CIA agent.
4,It's worth watching, but I don't like action movies Well, I have to go now
1,A woman is an adult at the age of 18. be old enough to have children My father's meddling was annoying the whole time
2,The story that I don't understand the most. This punk is a virgin. Isn't that a dog scam?
6,But why is Cheongbul lower than the battle of soliloquy
6,a delightful entertainment film Oh my god
6,an action movie that's easy and good It's worth watching the action and the story. The downside is that it's too easy to predict, and the characters are flat.
6,Megal OO doenjang girl reverse tour is so much fun
1,Heroism of Gabi's Abbey
6,A movie worth watching for killing time
6,A heavy accent in a simple story
6,6.0 (10 character limit)
4,Superman's cloak named paternal love
6,Interesting, but I didn't mean to see Superman.
6,Despite her foolish father's unrelenting performance, the reality would have been better if her daughter had not been saved and died.I think it's true that I should have ruined my body.It's a comedy that's more like a bunch of anti-Japanese tyrants who treat a woman kidnapped by a trafficking organization as Princess Deokhye
1,It's fun, but what is 9.25?  Raise the level of the Gaetizens. You can't raise the quality of a movie because it's a fun movie?
1,Your rating is too high. It's good for killing time in the 7-point range, but it's not like a masterpiece, such as a lame scene, a scene where a friend dies and a daughter who came out alone dies because she loves it.
1,The last set-up is too far fetched; no police intervention after all that fuss is no longer worth a seven
1,The conclusion is not good. I watched it because I heard it was amazing, and it's very similar to the movie man. The main character is absolutely invincible. There is no nod to a machine gun. How many people have been killed and the police don't even intervene. Torture is not good, and when tortured, false information is usually presented. It's a B-rated movie
1,Wow, if you look at the movie, is there a review like Hwang Jin-mi? If I give you a low score, you become a critic? You are a movie critic because you gave me 1 point
6,I think it's just for killing time. ㅈㅂㅂㅂ
6,The father's overprotective disorder is normal as his daughter's abduction actually happens. On the contrary, the audience who felt frustrated with their father becomes fools who do not know the reality.  I couldn't get rid of the idea that the end was in vain.
4,I heard that it was a famous restaurant and found a movie that only tasted like condiments.I sympathize with my father's anger and exhilaration, but there was no deep taste in the movie. Am I the only one who gets stuck with the Korean movie man throughout the movie? I'm not confident in the taste, so I feel like I've put in capsaicin instead of seasoning.
1,Dad's skills are perfect for the Avengers. I want to beat my daughter
6,It's a good movie that's full of tension... If I was going to use English in Paris, I would have preferred the background to London. Liam seems to have skipped too much of the process of finding enemies.
6,I think the rating is too high. It's a very forced development because you push it to give a cool feeling
1,This rating is not one. I want to give 11 points.
1,Oh, yeah, she kills a few people to find a daughter, and this kind of movie characteristic is always a clue, and it doesn't fit even if the other guy shoots like that, and people who say this movie is fun
1,I'll find him. I'll kill him. a multi-person movie
5,Is this that fun? I don't really know. In terms of narratives, Man-on-Fire is one step ahead, and in terms of action and story, this series is the third best. 9.2 It doesn't look like a movie to get points
1,Huh? Why is this around 9 points? It's just a movie to kill time, so the 7 points range is good. Therefore, I will reduce the rating
5,It's just such a movie.  It's so normal that I can't even say anything.
5,There are many pretty girls who voluntarily do OO, but the situation of living such an ugly child itself is also reduced in immersion. There are so many fights that you might get bored
6,A gangster father trying to find his childish daughter
1,Childish and unchanging heroics
1,It was fun. But even though the villains are very weak, the main character is fast. The main character is almost in his 50s, but the villains are young. The main character is brutally slaughtered and the villains just die. What fun is this? Honestly, I think people just give me 10 points for being cool.
5,If you travel abroad, you can'tK
6,Am I the only one who understands the critic's rating? It's just fun, right? The best of all time? This is a bit...
6,It's just a neat entertainment movie. I think my overall rating is a little too high.
1,The rating is too high. I think the 8 points range is appropriate, not the 9 points range.
5,It would be fair to say that a movie that gives up on the content and goes all-in with action is right, but even if it focused on action, the development is too vague to be beneficial to the main character.It's just a sloppy action drama that relies a lot on catharsis for people's revenge
1,It's a forced story. Honestly, "More money than you guys trafficking, I'll shoot you into your account." And the villains are so weak that they don't have any tension. They're strong. They're chewy. It's like watching a star game between Lim Yo-hwan and an amateur
6,The stylish action of the Luc Shipping Division. Liam Neeson's rejuvenation is beautiful.
2,She let her mother go on purpose because she's like that, and she's dragged away by the bad guys like that, and she's Na Won Byul
6,You seem to be having a hard time in your old age.
1,8.2 points are appropriate
3,For killing time
6,Liam Neeson, 56, who is not an action actor, is amazed by his action acting, and he can't take his eyes off the fast-paced development. The merciless treatment of the wicked is vicariously satisfactory, but it's a little bit... to be portrayed as a triumphant warrior returning home proudly. All means justified according to personal purpose?
6,It's a good action movie, but I don't think it's more than good.
6,A typical Hollywood action movie for killing time. But maybe because I'm a daughter, it reminded me of my dad a lot.
1,patron
1,I also enjoyed watching the movie, but let's give an objective rating.This is why I don't believe in NAVER ratings.It's not 1 point because the movie is bad, but 1 point to lower the score.
5,I really enjoyed watching the movie, but I think I bothered people too much... I don't feel comfortable even if I look at that uncomfortable feeling
2,I think we need to lower the rating for this movie
4,an unknown pleasure But the director's taste for girls and singers
2,Why is the rating so high? Interesting material, I admit, but the production... One ex-Cis agent kills that many? The protagonist is not even hurt in the process, and the countless enemies fall like paper sheets? Does the director think that Cis is invincible? It's terrible.
5,You can't trust NAVER's score.
5,It's so unrealistic Every French person whom the protagonist meets runs around like an outlaw, speaking English fluently and ignoring local laws, and no one stops him It's too salty
1,That's a lot of fun.in vain
1,Personally, 7.5 is just right
5,I got cursed at because I was filming
6,I am a father... To be honest, the rapid development is good, but the ending is unfortunate.
6,Sounds like the best action movie of late.
6,A father who kills dozens of people to save his daughter...
6,the power of an unrelenting father
1,It's not fun. I took it off
1,Childish. Copying Leon ^^
5,The rescue of a daughter of a former special agent who suffered from a childless, unconscious daughter and a stubborn, temperamental ex-wife who had no concept. I feel sorry for the main character.
1,Zola's childish Superman movie... stands out in wonder at the height of childishness!!!!!
6,It has a refreshing and refreshing taste
6,be old-fashioned
1,It's fun~~~~~ But the score adjustment is a bit...LOL
1,Honestly, it's not a movie with 9 points. Cutting the score.
1,It's definitely fun. It's about 8 points, but the rating is too high
1,Rating adjustment
1,It was fun, but there are a lot of things that are somewhat forced. Isn't that too high?
1,I'll adjust the rating too
1,Well, it's just worth seeing, but it's too high
6,a movie filled with simple action without creativity
5,It's just a normal action movie for killing time, but I don't understand why this movie has such a high rating
5,Personally, if you don't like it because you only hit people and shoot people, you're not invincible, and it works out so well
5,a cool movie
1,It felt like there would be a twist at the end, but it just ended well
1,a masterpiece for killing-tying with a rating of 7 I wanted to hit my ear at the climax, where I was shocked by my friend's mullet, got shot by Ji-Abi, and jumped because I was good at stumbling.
6,I expected a lot because it was so famous. In short, "Killing Time" movie. Not that it was bad, but because I put too much emphasis on action, tension, and fun, I couldn't feel the catharsis that I could feel in the best movies. You need to add other ingredients that you don't want to eat to make gimbap
5,There was no blockage from beginning to end.
5,Is this fun?
1,It's fun and refreshing, but it's not in the 9-point range
5,My daughter is not good at acting. I feel like I'm not good at acting in general
5,It's funny, but the height of selfishness. He killed a few people to get bored. Of course, they'really
6,Once a daughter is kidnapped twice, human extinction ㅠㅠ
1,Are you crazy?This movie has 9 points? I was going to give you 6 points, but I was speechless and gave you 1 point
6,It's just an action movie.
6,The action was impeccable. But it's common to have a story just for the main character.
1,It's a waste of half a star. I don't know why the rating is high at all. Is this public intelligence?K
1,I was watching it because of my daughter, and I got mad. The action was good, but... Liam's acting was good, but that's all
1,Oh, I pressed it wrong
6,Liam Neeson's acting was good, but the actor who came out as his daughter didn't make it into a movie
1,The screenplay is a little abstract, but it's cool with the action reminiscent of this series
1,What about Amanda? How can you laugh just because you're alive when your friend got tricked?
1,Is it because I saw you? ㅜㅜ Why am I the only one who's not funny ㅜㅜ I'm looking forward to it ㅠㅠ
2,I'll save my daughter's ass. At the end, stepdad and they'll get in the car and dump your own dad
6,Flat work, except it's super fast.
5,As expected, Yoda's student is different.
6,Liam Neeson is responsible for 90% of the film.
5,Shackies who hurt my family, shove the chicken head! Twist it, twist it again.
6,It was the only movie that didn't fit me among the nine-point movies. Is there any jam?
6,Just looking at the hot and clear action is enough
6,Steven Seagull? The main character is one hundred per cent alone; so out of touch with reality.
5,Nonsense is a ten thousand-level action, stubborn everything, and only my father suffers
6,I don't think it's in the 9-point range.^^ But...I think it's okay and tense throughout the whole time.
6,It's worth watching, but the score is too much. 5 points
1,It was worth watching, but the 9.2 rating was a little... I give you 1 point to lower the rating.
1,... I think it's a little too much to make a movie with a 9.20 star.
6,The reviews are so high lol I don't think it's epic perfect. The ending is bland...
6,It was fun, but there was no tension in the battle... Not much of an action movie
1,Is only the life of the daughter important?!
6,a simple plot A former agent's mass destruction. Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, and then it's over
5,A sad person who doesn't know why he's crazy about this movie
1,It's a trick, but 9.It is not the perfect work of the twenties.같은One point because of the same netizens' excitement.
6,What's wrong with the ratings? Let's find our spot.
6,But 9 points is a bit...It's just for fun...And there's no father who can fight like this.crying
1,9.2 is too high... I think 7.2 is appropriate!
1,Considering it's for elementary school students, it's stimulating...
6,The part-timers are awesome.
6,I was looking forward to it because I compared it with you a lot, but it's not as good as I thought...Action is worth watching
1,It's just an entertainment movie, but it's like a masterpiece. My father is invincible
6,The discomfort of the daughter's poor progression, but the action is refreshing!
3,NAVER GPA gave me poo
4,I don't think it's a nine-point movie.
1,It's a lot of fun. But it's not a nine-point movie.
6,All good, but American heroism
6,It's just the tip to the top. It's the power of paternalism
6,Let's pick a copy of the kidnapping. Unusual Kidnapping Rescue Action. The direction is a bit stiff?
1,I guess I was looking forward to it too much. The action itself is acceptable. That's all...
1,Old dad is working hard~~ Personally, the movie has a high rating of 7 points, so I give it 1 point.
1,It's too high. Let's lower it. an eight-point movie
6,It's fun, but it's kind of cliche
4,I don't know how to get stars in such a ridiculous and bad movie. What happened to the netizens?
1,I like the movie because it is cool, but the rating is too high. 8 points is appropriate
5,The story of Rambo's father's Steven Segal macho man
1,The action is ridiculous. It's like a kidnapping in a series of action movies
5,I watched it excitedly until the end! You pervs are annoying! -_-;
1,It was okay, but the rating was too high compared to the movie, so I tried to make it fair, so the lowest score was 8.5
1,Don't be fooled by the ratings. It's just a Munchkin movie. Did you work part-time for the crazy Munchkin ratings?
6,There is no memorable funny scene.
6,The development is fast.
6,It makes me log in. What's wrong with the rating... 10 out of 10? This much for me?
1,Kill them all! If you interrupt my daughter, she will die.The content and the development are reckless
1,8 GPA is appropriate
1,Good
1,The rating is too high
1,It's not fun! Does this make sense? What kind of knight are you? There's no twist
3,I don't like it's...
1,Revenge of the Father, one of the few allowed violence in the world!9 points is too high. Exactly 8 points!
1,The national team is much more touching and fun.
3,Liam Neeson's action is worth watching
1,The story of a daughter who gets rid of her life with her father's back. What about Amanda?
1,It's worth seeing
4,Not only was it loud, but there was a lack of tension due to the visible development and the main character's performance
6,It's very refreshing and cool, but it's kind of vague... Liam Neeson is the best
5,I'd rather have the last house on the left... How is this rated at 9.2?
6,It's okay, but... I don't think it's a 9-point mark
1,Let's get off... Why are there so many part-timers? The rating of 9 is only for masterpieces. 8 is good for this one.
1,It's fun! It's not 9.20 points. I should give 8 points but I think it'll go down if I give it like this
6,Is it because I was looking forward to it?It was just a cool movie.
6,Schindler's action play
4,Well, I don't know. I don't understand
6,A typical killing time movie. It is good that there is no clumsy twist.
1,It's just a 5-6-point time, but the rating is too high. Let's make it 5 points.
6,The quick development and ruthlessness that never overlooks the opponent are the virtues.
5,It would have been much better if Jason Stadem was the main character. Kind of misscasting the main character?
3,The movie itself is good...The topic is... I don't know
6,The story of Jack Bauer at 24 o'clock.a film that re-enacted
5,Not much fun
4,Emotional action is worth seeing, but the obvious conclusion that the nation is safe and dangerous abroad is disgusting.
1,The score is so generous. I'll cut it
5,He's a cool dad.
1,The rating is higher than I thought, so I'm going to lower it'
5,It's just... It's like I've seen an action movie for a video
1,It's just normal, but the score is too high
5,Out of action, the story gets 0 point. So, 5 points. Shut up for the movie and make sure to watch the action person.
1,I think we need to adjust the score
4,It's a bit messy and shocking
6,What the hell is this movie about? It's just for killing time. It's fun.
1,It's worth watching and fun.
6,The tension that continues throughout the movie is the best.
6,Overrated. The main character is an immortal who doesn't get a single bullet. The reality show is significantly lower.
6,I don't know if it's fun.
5,You should listen to your father.
6,The male lead and the acting are the best, and the rest...
5,It's just for killing time...
1,Obvious story... It's a cliche...
1,As I drained the oil, so many things fell out together.
1,It's so obvious that the movie's ratings are combined in the exaggeration and action part, Story x
3,The third-rate movie... For killing time
6,It's just like that for Just Killing Time, no fun
6,You're trying to kill me with your body
6,Good job, part-timers.Making 9 points for a movie like this...K
1,The rating is too generous. It was fun, but not this much
1,I made it well, but it's not around 9 points, so I need to cut it a little bit
5,He's stronger than Superman than Spider-Man and Batman than 007. That's ridiculous
1,Nine points is too much; isn't that a death sentence?;
1,What's the difference with Rambo?
6,It was worth watching.But maybe because there's no big twist, the subject of kidnapping seems a bit boring
1,It's fun, but the rating is too high.
5,an unpleasant aftertaste
1,It was fancy. It was active. But there was a lack of tension. Let's lower the rating. It's not 9 or 8.
1,The final version of American imperialism, an American, can solve all the problems in France.
5,It may not be a great work, but it is very interesting
1,[Laughing out loud.
6,A movie that will make your daughter happy
6,It's so easy to write a script-for no reason, and it's a quick fix.
1,I think the part-timers set it up, but why is it more than 9 points?
6,I was fooled by NAVER ratings.That's a generous six points.
5,He killed 50 people to save his own daughter. America fought for justice and killed thousands
1,I think it's a B-rated movie like a poetic girl. The one I saw in the video room a long time ago.Unable to understand the rating
2,The movie threatening the Eiffel Tower to find my daughter, the poor action scene, and the paternal love rating is just high.
1,I was fooled by NAVER's rating. Liam Neeson's voice was good ;;
5,80s Comando 2
1,Funny, but a little low because of the high rating.
1,Well, it's fun, but let's lower the score of the common conclusion for the common story
5,I think we should change the title to Father Man
1,That's a great hero story.
1,I think the part-timers gave me a high rating on the wallpaper
6,Is it because I was looking forward to it? It wasn't as good as I thought;
6, well
6,About the theater version of "24pm"? Jack Bauer + John McClane's hero. It's not as good as I expected
1,It was worth watching, but...I can't believe I'm in the top 100It's just a good time to spare.
2,It was a movie that brutally killed and killed everything.
1,It's the rating manipulation...The 6-7 movie...
1,I can't believe the Naver rating of OOO Gi movie. The wasted time watching this movie is a tearful waste.
1,How can this be 9 points?
1,This movie is a waste even on the hard drive. Go straight to the trash can as soon as you see it! Oh, stupid people
4,I got a good rating. A predictable scenario. Childish.
5,9 points is too high... 8.5 is enough?
5,Poor story, sloppy action, what the hell is so funny?Liam Neeson is good
6,A father who kills dozens of people to save a daughter
4,He kills like excrement
6,The father's swagger that devastates Paris with overflowing paternal love.
6,Did I expect too much?
2,It's obvious. It's the ultimate...
1,I was so dumbfounded when I watched it =_=.. What the hell is this? He's not even gonna die
3,There's no plot twist!
6,Clumsy story, vague hosting. Is this an action movie?
2,It's not that funny, but in terms of action...
1,It's so simple and simple. You can guess everything even with your eyes closed
1,Well, I don't know
6,There's something fun about a movie that avoids bullets. It was cool, but it wasn't a grade...
2,Munchkin movies are like this
6,It wasn't bad for killing time, but if this movie is 10 points, Yoonbal's movie is 20 points...
6,It's fun!
1,I give you 1 point because the score is too OO. What do you mean 9 points? NAVER's unbelievable rating
1,That's a bad rating.-;;
6,It's like watching an invincible movie. The movie's lesson is that pure girls live and dirty things die
1,It's a bubble.
1,Steven Segal, his soul is possessed by Liam Neeson... 10 points, 9 points are too much
1,It's worth watching, but it's too much to get more than 9 points.
6,As a father with children, it makes me feel that I'm too weak --ㅡㅡ
1,Let's get the score right. Is this in the early 9s? 8 points is enough
1,Let's lower the rating. The rating is too high.
6,The story is fun, but...My dad is too Superman...
1,Why is it so high when I only did my cheeks?
5,I'm going to destroy a whole organization by myself. Both my daughter's friends and members of the organization are dead and unrealistic.
5,I saved her like that, but she will probably die of illness within a few days. How many people are there?
1,Why is the rating so high? It was really not fun ㅠㅠㅠI'm sorry I don't feel the same way
5,It's fun, but if I hit my neck, do I faint?
1,★ My dad killed 56 people by himself because he was looking for a daughter.Yoo Youngchul, go away
1,It's very neat and fun. I think the score is too high. Personally, 8.6 points
6,Dad's one-man show
4,The action is good, but it's
1,Flat story, 100 wins, tension-free, not a 9.18 rating
6,Something's missing, but...If I were a father...I want to be like this.lol
6,It's fun, but I think it's a little far-fetched.
2,A movie that doesn't bring out freshness, emotion, or admiration.
5,The content is a bit sloppy and the action is not outstanding, but the score is so high.-_-
6,I enjoyed watching it. Isn't NAVER's rating too high?
1,That rating is too much
1,It's a fake, 10 out of 10 movie with proper running time.
6,No one pays for you because you're the only one who has a hard time. Me, my wife, my daughter
1,It's not fun sorry
5,Ah... a movie without feeling
4,Steven Sigalus One Hundred Heroes Movie
6,It's a little short, and there's no fancy video, and my dad is totally Ram. It's a killer time to watch.
6,The story is very simple. It's not a thriller, it's just an action... 9 points... Oh, my. It's a giga-cha.
4,Boring. Boring.It's no fun. The invincible 100s are just like MacGyver's dad
6,The actor who came out as a daughter...It's not as "wow" as I thought it would be.
1,It's just worth watching
1,It was worth watching. I'm cutting it because the rating is too high. I think 7 is enough
2,It is very simple and fun. I don't like my mom and daughter, so I don't listen to her.
1,It's fun, but my horoscope is so high
6,The main character is not Batman. He's killing everyoneWhat a ridiculous mess!
6,It's just an obvious "Never Die" invincible hero action movie!
6,A possible story because he was an ex-agent.
5,There is no justification for his murder...
1,Oh, my God. Such a boring movie
6,Camera work and structure, but somewhat overrated. a rather meager action unlike Hollywood movies
6,The movie director seems to be a big fan of the series.;;;
6,The best B-rated action movie? It's for killing time!
5,Saving a very ordinary Private Ryan...She's a completely passive person
2,Long live America, where misdemeanors, torture, and murder are tolerated to save her daughter
5,The rating is too high. It's a boring and obvious story
5,It seems that the main character is watching the changed Steven Segal movie.
3,An obvious story.Luc Besson wrote the screenplay, but Leon's "Aliujakdo" has a lot of part-timers.
1,A movie that you can enjoy without thinking...It's okay.
6,I don't need a conversation with the bad guys! If you think you're an enemy, you'll kill him
6,I'm just like that. Is it because of the action?
6,I thought it was a great action movie, but 7 points would be enough.
5,I like them all, but honestly, they're not 9 points. ^^ Beastie Boys are more fun
1,The rating is too high. Not until 9.15. lol
6,The end was so vain and my father won all by himself...
1,It's just a movie that follows the popular b-class thrillers in the early 90s
5,Listen carefully to your parents;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
1,This is the third rate background style. What's fun?
1,Ratings... 8 points is enough.
1,It's fun, but it doesn't look like a 9.15 rating. Let's lower it to 8 points
6,Villains give weapons...I'm going to die beautifully... Oh, my father is invincible
5,I highly doubt the average action rating for such a cliche story
2,Boring movie. No matter how entertaining it is, it's absurd. Waste of time.
1,A storyline that advocates realistic action but is not realistic at all makes the film childish
1,I'd rather be a chaser
1,Simple... completely overrated...
3,I can't believe it because it's overrated It's cool, but it's very boring, and the story is annoying
6,I think I had high expectations
1,The movie gained popularity by jumping on the kidnapping case in Korea.It works out so easily that it's not fun.
5,It's like you're looking down on life-deprecating.
5,The main character is psychopath.
5,Is it okay to kill someone else just because you're a father for your daughter? ?
5,Honestly, is it comparable to "Look at the Bourne Ultimate"?
6,I'm not going to die
6,It's not bad.
1,It's so much fun that I want to die.
1,Oh, it's not fun
6,I can't really understand the rating... I think 7 points is appropriate
6,It's fun, but more than I expected... And isn't it too obvious what the part-timers are saying?
1,a man of infinite physical strength It doesn't make sense. It's funny, but it's not this rating. -_-;;
6,A movie with a higher rating than you think...It wasn't boring, but it was worth watching
5,It's a hundred per person.
5,Dad's getting a daughter ^^ Was I looking forward to it too much?crying
6,A normal movie... I think the score is too high for Man on Fire
1,It's so funny
1,I really enjoyed watching it, but it's not 9.14... Class 8.5 to 8.8
6,Best, touching, lingering, etc. Ignore the part-timers and this movie is just worth watching
6,A movie that doesn't leave any lingering feelings. A movie that you'll just watch
3,All the time I saw him, I wondered why Rambo was there. Invincible father...
6,A total American heroism hidden by the love of his father
4,It's just... it's good for killing time. It's so fast and there's not much content.
5,It was fun, but there was no crisis in the main character, so there was no tension at all.-;ㅡ;
1,It's Zola jam
4,The film spirit toward inhumanity is polluted.
1,How can you give me such a high rating? Compared to this series, it's not fun or touching
1,NAVER rating... It's really suspicious.
3,There's nothing special about the obvious story and the content is kind of low... It's not good...
1,Rating... I was tricked... Let's lower my voice
2,If you don't want me to kill you, don't watch it Just like the title of the story
1,Even if you look at the video, the time is Eunyeong...The first-person hero three should have ended in Rambo
1,What is this?
6,I was fooled by the netizens' ratings. an OCN-only movie
1,I'm amazed by your generous action
6,I didn't think so, but it's so empty ㅠㅠ
1,Even if you're not, you're just an invincible father.Oh, my
6,No matter how hard you try, action is the main series
4,I admit that I can't take my eyes off of it, but there is no way to compensate for the discomfort after watching it.
5,Family love to save his daughter and infinite selfishness to kill everyone else for him
1,Daughter too old and father too old
4,It'd be great to be part of the Marvel Heroes.
4,It's nice to look tense, but it's not a masterpiece.; I'm so aloneEat it
2,It's not fun. It's a good movie to watch without thinking.
1,For those who get fooled because their ratings are overrated
6,to eat 99% of cacao chocolate
1,What's the score? Are you kidding me?
6,It's been about this long since I've been there.
5,It's just a game
5,I felt empty after watching the action movie, which is not much to watch. I can't believe this is fun.
6,How can this be in the 9th place?It's just a neat action. There's nothing else
4,Do we have to kill so many people to save a daughter?
1,One of the films that can be trusted with reviews It's so comparable to Bourne Ultimate.
6,I was tricked by my part-timers and wasted my money. a really boring thriller
4,A movie that the main character makes and eats alone
5,It doesn't make any sense --;;
6,It's fun, but it's a movie with unrealistic or sloppy omissions
6,Is it a movie that I have high expectations or action but I don't like the rest
6,It's not a masterpiece, but it's a quasi-work. There is no twist, but its unique charm is its strength.
6,The background is different. What's the difference with Rambo?
6,What's the rating of 9.13?
4,I've been tricked a lot. It's not comparable to District 13
1,Oh, I have no choice but to log in. - Is this a movie? It's a waste of money
2,Ratings... Totally fraudulent...I've never had a rating, but it's a movie that makes me log in
6,The tension in finding the daughter was the best, but the ending was not dedicated, which is a shame.
6,It's fun, but... There's nothing left. An obvious story.
6,If you don't think deeply, it wasn't boring while you were watching, was it?
1,I really don't understand this movie has such a high rating
5,the advocacy of destructive egoism based on imperialistic logic I'm disgusted. Why would you meet a villain?
6,Except the last one is empty, it's thrilling and my dad is cool.
5,Dad's character was like, "Oh" at first, but then he just laughed. "Invincible Childishness"
2,Is everything an American? Shoot anyone.
6,It's okay to let it's okay
1,Too many people die to save one
3,There is no content.Only the sound of gunfire... people keep dying.What a waste of money
1,It's too high even if it's too high
6,It was fun and going well, but it was boring as it went to the end.
1,It's not fun if the main character is too good.
1,I don't like it
6,My daughter is not pretty
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it?It's more obvious than I thought
6,Why is there a big difference between the jumper and this?
2,It's good for killing time, but it's not worth the bad guys, but if you're not an American, you're gonna die.-_-
2,Damn, people who don't have eyes for movies like this are sad
1,A movie that's not worth a point.
1,Is it because I enjoyed watching "The Bon Series"? The rating is too high
6,It's not a cartoon. You kill too many people. I didn't pay for it.-_- There are too many contradictions
6,Modern movies flow with moderate tension and no unnecessary energy
2,I don't know... is this funny?
5,Did I expect too much from the score? It's not that good...It's too obvious. Zero tension
1,It's fun, but not to the point of rave reviews. Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
6,Daughter is uglier than you think
1,That's cruel. His father is a true killer
6,The father's rush to find his daughter is too outspoken and uncomfortable.
4,I was tricked by NAVER GPA. Thriller is old Rambo's acrobatic show.
1,To be honest, it's too bad to say that it's a movie with a rating of more than 9 points.
6,I watched it well. It is worth watching if you don't talk about it because it is a movie.My dad is level 99
4,The rating here is really weird.I watched a movie after reading the ratings.Damn it...
5,The crazy main character who never dies
6,It's a movie that teaches us that killing a kidnapper is the best thing
6,It's a movie that's less than half a stain. What's wrong with people here?The movie made me laugh because I was dumbfounded ^^
6,I'm scared of a girlfriend with a dad like this. Will you meet her?
5,My father was great.Totally invincible... No more than a movie -_-;;
5,It's not touching at all right.There's no twist.An obvious story.I trusted the ratings and watched it...
5,Nonsense action, solving the case, killing a few people to save their own daughter?That's ridiculous
6,There's no tension and it's breaking off...I'm so lucky. I figured everything out.It's not that...
3,Is it some 80's movie?
3,Eventually, the motive for the story development is too ridiculous, and the rest of the veterans don't die. Action!
4,It's literally for killing time! a movie that is nothing more or less
1,He killed a lot of people to save his own daughter, but his rating is too high
5,Except action, why is the rating?
6,Trade-like content, and invincibility
6,Man On Fire's Rain Roses and the thrill of this series...Steven Seagulls action...
5,It was good at first, but as time went by...
6,Funny, but "too" faithful to action-thrilling formula
1,It's fun. But the score is too high
6,There's a thrill, but the storyline is a bit empty.Anyway, my dad is Superman
5,The scale is beyond the chaser, but in terms of content, the chaser ♡ King Wang Jjang ♡ LOL
1,Why is your horoscope so high? And I'm not used to French.
4,Who do you think it is? The person who said there's a twist...I thought there would be a twist, so I kept looking at it and it was a failure...
5,I'm crazy to expect a twist... T.T
5,Dad can't beat the enemyDefeat her. Only her daughter is safe.What?
5,I don't know what the box office factor was in the movie.
5,Straightforward story, invincible ordinary father and former ultra elite agent;
1,A box office defeat in France, a box office success in Korea...
1,Obvious story...
3,Ratings.. what??? lol Are you all part-timers? I just saw it. Don't lean on me too much.
6,For killing time
1,It's fun, but the 8 points range is good.
4,Same action on the same subject. I'm sick of movies like this.
1,Seagull is exactly the same as the movie. It's annoying to do a movie like this. I rigged the rating!
5,Action, it's okay.If you liked Steven Seagal's movie, this is...Recommendation.
1,It's just... It's similar to Stephen Sigal, except it's also true. The female protagonist is...
1,What are some of the best comparisons to this series? -- Ratings
1,This is also a movie????
1,To be honest, it's about seven points
1,Not a good movie.
1,7 to 8 points in the movie...Lower GPA 1 point registration...
6,The familiar Hollywood hero action, I watched it in a ridiculous way, my father was a super-saiyan
1,It's always black or Arab who do dirty and bad things.
6,It would have been fun if you didn't watch the human market, but I think the human market is more fun
6,It would have been time to get sick of this kind of one-man show, but I didn't expect it
1,It's... it's a one-man show by Stephen Sigaltic. I was disappointed at the expectation of a thriller.
1,Zero reality!
1,so, that
1,My daughter is so ugly...A fool, a cold-hearted man who abandoned his father.
4,It's my first time watching an action movie with zero tension. I don't have a good rating
6,A movie that's worse than a chaser... a happy ending...
1,It's bad to see women sold off on drugs. melancholy
1,That's a really bad grade
1,It's an eight-point movie.Why is the rating so high?It's too high. I'll give you 1 point.
1,Honestly, it's not a movie that'll get more than 9 points... It's refreshing, but 1 point for lowering the story super simple rating
3,I understand how you love your daughter, but it's too cruel.  3 points for the average score
5,It's a movie about a Rambo who's obsessed with his daughter
6,It's not boring, but it's not a thriller, it's a Jean-Claude Vandam action
1,The rating is really crazy. -_- Why is this in the 9th place?
1,The rating of 7.5 is appropriate!
1,It's amazing that it's over 9 points
1,Don't look over Stephen Seagull
3,American Racism, Familyism, Heroism + The Mischief of this Series
1,The rating is too high. It wasn't as good as I thought
1,The rating... I don't think it's this big
1,I don't have much story, but I want to grade a good action movie because it's about 8 points
2,Rambo movies except what I saw on TV. The last 30 minutes have very few lines
5,The main character is so perfect. Better than Superman!Since it's a movie, a movie that's possible...shivering
3,The rating is really ridiculous. Is the B-class entertainment movie over 9 points?
5,The action is worth watching, but it reminds me of the movie that makes a hero.one hundred per person
6,It's not a bad genre movie, but that's all.
6,It's neat and refreshing, but everything goes so smoothly that there's no tension...
5,Just that kind of movie...A modern Rambo movie?
5,If there was someone like that, I'd kill the president.LOL
1,Action, thriller? I watched it and it was really a comedy -_-
6,Freshness? Isn't it just a familiar topic? Father Anna... an incompetent cop...
6,I think it'd be nice to watch without thinking.
5,I think the rating is too high... Just an ordinary movie
6,Trite action below expectations
6,Is it because I saw the trade first? It's so much the same as the trade ㅜㅜ
6,Typical well-wrapped Steven Seagal movie. There's nothing left
6,I was looking forward to it because it went viral. It's more cruel than I thought.
1,a ridiculous film 9.17 GPA is accepted. (Out of 100)
6,Villains who die indiscriminately because of their disobedient daughter.The action is cool but too American.
5,It's a story that doesn't have any real vibe and just comes out easily. It doesn't even leave me feeling cool.
6,It feels like I'm just looking at Rambo and nose. Can I shoot someone else's wife to find her daughter?
1,a rating scam
1,I was tricked by a rating fraud. Why didn't you make 9.9 points?
6,The movie that didn't have a good ending...
5,Why am I the only one who wasn't funny? It's not completely realistic, it's not thrilling; it's just
1,Oh... Lee Sang-kkuri
1,I was tricked by Naver's rating properly;;; nothing impressed at all
1,It's too high. I can't help it.This isn't right! It's too high! Like Liam Neeson Key
2,The rating is really high It's such an obvious story. Still, acting and acting are good
6,It's thrilling and fun in the middle, but the beginning and the end...
1,I was sleepy for the first time. I should've slept like that. Regretful...
2,Steven Seagull seems to have taken a man-on-fire.
5,I like my father's love, but... My daughter is so annoying... an action-only movie
6,As expected, an American movie... a movie whose end is too obvious...
1,It's just a movie. What's the rating? To get a rating.A 7-point movie!
2,A typical American movie. What a waste of money. Why is the rating so high?
6,Honestly, it's not that fun.Should I say that it's too unrealistic?
1,What? Why isn't the main character dying?
1,Over-reacting! Special agents aren't immortal
4,There is no valid reason to justify that number of murders.
1,Just three and a half? The rating is too much to lower...
3,a diehard in an obvious story
6,More than I thought
5,It's such a Rambo movie.Bad guys fall down after one hit.
6,It's funny but boring...;;;
5,The main character of the story is "King and Simple". Just to relieve stress?
6,If you look at the action, it's a 5 star, but it's a story that's too poor to do that
6,The story is very poor.
1,An unrealistic film criticizing Russia
3,I watched a movie because NAVER's rating was good. I'm so disappointed
6,I watch movies based on NAVER ratings.Not this time.It's a good movie to watch
5,Hmm………… a medium film. Intermediate Action Intermediate Scenario.
1,Too obvious ending, happy ending, mother's indifference, just such movie tension
5,Invincible father, save daughter-
6,a light-hearted It's good for relieving stress. Exciting action. There's nothing.
1,Only those who enjoy over-packaged work, simple action, enjoy it.
1,Don't look forward to the story. Just watch the simple action movie if you want to see it. a feeling of being caught in a ratingT
1,Oh, is there no score lower than 1 point? I'd rather watch Mead 24. This isn't Superman.
1,How many people do you kill to save a daughter?
1,A daughter who doesn't have a child! I got 1 point because I was so excited! The movie is worth 8 points. ^^
3,The phoenix killed all for one person who lost its touch of reality.It's obvious. Is it just me? K
6,My father seems too invincible. be sufficient with a light thrill
1,I'm angry that it's the same rating as the world-class movie The Godfather.
1,More than nine points is too much... ...I think eight is the right score Action. Cool and nervous. Good
6,There's no twist. One shot is over.This is...
1,What is it? It's not a movie that has a high rating.Just do the action.
1,What? Just that kind of action...
6,I was just looking at the action... I was looking forward to the score, but I was kind of disappointed.Action is good!
6,An outspoken father...
5,For better or worse, if you like to cover it up and do something provocative...
5,Revival of Stephen Sigal's Action Movie? A third-rate story, a second-rate action movie, a movie for middle and high school students.
6,Cool action. Sad story
6,Man On Fire's sublime star;;
6,Steven Seagal is a movie about avoiding bullets, right?
5,The rating is weird Honestly, it's not to that extent. Don't look forward to it too much
4,All-powerful, all-powerful, special agent father...It's annoying. I almost stepped on you.
1,This is the worst action I've ever seen
6,It's cool, but...Comparing to Bourne is a bit
6,It's cool, but...Comparing to Bourne is a bit
1,An obvious and futile ending, Superman's main character... I'm sick of the Hollywood story of rehashing.
1,I find this series more interesting, but it's an abnormal rating
1,Looking at it, 7.8 points is appropriate.
1,There's a bubble on the rating - it's not this much as I've seen it
1,I enjoyed watching it. But there's a problem with the rating
6,It's just a father's rage to save his daughter
1,imperialist racism wrapped in paternalism
6,Typical Hollywood blockbuster, well-organized but so boring.
5,I personally don't find it interesting, because of the sincerity I made.
4,I'm embarrassed because I insisted on watching this
1,I'm going to watch a movie called Voltaire Adrenaline 24 in a DVD room
5,I don't understand why this is 9 points -_- It's too obvious and it's too happy
1,I want to give you 10 points, but the score is too high, so I want to lower it. I recommend the king
5,An invincible father with such an obvious story. an incomprehensible rating on that - , .-ㅡ
6,I read the ratings... -,.-ㅡ,.ㅡ
1,Oh! I'm so angry!
1,It was so thrilling and my hands were wet with sweat.The perfect movie itself.I'm so touched. 20,000%
4,This is not very good.
5,I don't know how many I kill to get a daughter.The story is not that good either.Street king is better.
6,The place where he was kidnapped was huge, and my father shot them all and ended it in one shot
6,To be honest, I think it is a movie with 7 to 8 points. It's not much to it. The ending is ridiculous
2,As if the score is over 9 points, the story that I saw a lot in old movies, fast development, cool action, and endless ending
6,I just saw the Superman movie, right?--ㅡㅡ
5,I can only watch fast videos.a heavily heroic father
6,The rating is too high. GFRIEND got 7 points before 5 points. Chaser is more fun
1,It's fun, but... The score is too high. It's a Steven Seagal movie.
5,Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.It's really not 9 points.He was so excited by the neat action in a long time.
6,The action is good, but the story isn't good. It's good to watch without thinking
1,9.2 is a bit strong...Eight points. Not a comparison, but not as much as a tracker.
1,Common, obvious, childish action. For killing time. But personally, the rating is too high
1,The worst movie I've ever seen this year...
1,What kind of invincible dad is he?
1,It's a movie that makes you feel better when you're sleeping
5,unenthusiastic about one's work Just a killing time movie.
1,be beyond one's comprehension I can't believe this story is 9.19 points
1,There's something to see, but it's an obvious story
6,I'd rather see Superman again.
1,It's a ridiculous hoax, so the action... You've got the right time.
1,I was fooled by Naver's rating, my girlfriend was fooled, and the people were fooled.
1,Die Hard 4.0 is just 100 times better than this.
1,Is this fun? If this is fun, everything about Sigal will be fun
6,It wasn't as fun as I thought.
5,A Hollywood movie where the main character is invincible.
1,How did you get this rating? A movie without a twist. Just to relieve stress?
5,To be honest, I'm disappointed because I'm looking forward to the score. I think it's too much
1,It's eye-catching, but its substance is sloppy.
6,I didn't like it...
4,The story seems to be too poor...a minor work in the main series
1,The rating is too high. 7-8 is just right.
1,Honestly, they're saying they're looking at the scoreWhy do I feel like I'm a part-timer?It's not that funny
6,It's just a movie with no money
3,It's invincible, so what do you fear? a series of forced coincidences Doesn't shine even as an action movie.
6,Is it just part-time jobs? -_- Cao Bada with a score of 9 points. About 6 points is appropriate -_-
1,Stephen Seagull's Second Coming
6,It's just a movie worth watching. I'm sorry for the simple material.
1,Are you imitating the main series?
