페이스 오프
2,Nicholas Cage's smiling scene is so famous for its gifs that I thought it was a real movie scene and of course, I thought this movie was a masterpiece. But there's nothing like that. It just shows the end of the new school. The director's mind is weird. I think it's a Hollywood movie, so I thought there should be a big explosion, chase, and gunfight, so I'm going to shoot these scenes without any hesitation. Maybe he focused too much on filming these scenes, but the probability is so messed up. Archer escapes from the sea prison without a break, and appears from behind his wife's blood test. I think I gave up all the probability of the plot and focused on the explosion scene. The emotional confrontation between the changed person and the people around him should be at the center, but it's lamentable that he's only showing meaningless explosions. But at the end of the day, when Caster died, and I scratched my face with a knife, I thought it was not a disgusting ending, but suddenly the best medical team in Washington came up and finished everything perfectly and happily. Why on earth did Caster hurt himself if this was the case? I was going to give you 1 point, but adopting a caster's son at the end was a good ending, so I'll give you 2 points
6,It's very unlikely and the development is crazy, but the scene where we aim at each other is the best
6,The two main actors are very funny when they exaggerate, and the setting and story make no sense even now. But it's commendable that 138 minutes don't feel boring.
5,When I changed their faces, I confused who was who.
4,It would have been new if I saw it when it was released
1,a corny development of fresh material
4,That's so contrived. Shouldn't Archer at least have a scar on his face when he came home at the end, or didn't Archer's wife know his changed body when she spent the night with Caster? If the details were detailed, the movie would have been a masterpiece
6,Do the FBI women have to live with that? The score is low because the time is too long and the child comes out. It's too long. Now that I see you, you'really?
1,The rating is too high. 6-7 points are appropriate. Maybe it's because the actors' acting is good, but the poor finish is covered. The initial setup was very frightening, but the end was crude.Unlike the changed fantasy comedy, you looked good because your acting was good. There is nothing you can do about Yongdusami.
6,I think it would have been fun if I watched it when I was young, but now I know what's funny-- I'm fooled by the ratings
6,Face off. I watched it again because I gave it 6 points. I made the movie well, but I felt the cliché again because it was an old movie
5,Considering that it's an old movie, it's immersive and worth watching. I can't help being bored
6,a killing time movie with good material
6,The content is solid, but it's a bit harsh and there's a cruel scene. I like the sense of immersion, but there's nothing left after watching it
6,I don't know why movies are considered clumsy
1,The subject matter is amazing, and the main actor is both good at acting, but that's all. a film that is apt to be overrated It's an interesting experience even though it's an action scene. Everything except the material is complete.
1,There was no probability at all, so I watched it
3,For the first time in my life...It would have been fun if we saw each other in 1997.I don't recommend you to watch it because you haven't seen it before
4,You can't expect a reality show from WOOSAM
1,Except for the material, everything is the worst. Why is it so sloppy? What's with the cringe-worthy... I want it. I searched it and it's ousam movie
2,Overall, there are so many unnecessary elements that it feels forced, and considering the times at the time, the material of plastic surgery is novel, but excluding this, it is also less novel. The acting ability also feels the awkwardness of the main characters at the beginning of the movie.
2,After all, it's just an obvious gunfight. It's a useless idea
6,Ousam's stylish movie, story and material are fresh and solid, but it is a movie that will shine even more if it is remade in the 21st century.
3,Is it fun? It feels like a mess ㅜㅜ The material is not bad.It's not even smooth. I don't like it. ㅜㅜ
3,The running time is too long. It's boring.
6,New ideas are the best, but it's kind of a bummer
1,Too much deterrence and too much interruptions in the plot have greatly reduced the level of immersion, and almost all of the scenes feel like a new independent film, not a face-off film. But action and subject matter, it's a praiseworthy movie.
1,Am I the only one who thinks it's not funny?
5,Proper production and actors' acting skills. And a sublimation of Hong Kong action to Hollywood. However, there are many action plots, which may interfere with the sense of immersion. I recommend it to those who like action, but I don't want to recommend it otherwise.
1,I don't understand. 9 points. It's 15 years ago, but the time and space are cringeworthy
6,The material is ingenious, but the unique cringe-worthy production of Ousam is really annoying.
6,I was cold when I changed my face After that...
1,a lame story
1,One scene, one scene, the end of the cliche. The obvious development
5,Puffed rice action...For the killing time.
6,There were some fresh parts, but the feeling of dragging and excessive action packaging... I lowered the quality of the movie.
2,I thought that you saw me curse at Ddan-Anne because I made it into a cartoon.
4,You're talking like a masterpiece because it's a masterpiece. What a waste for the main actor. It's a Hong Kong movie with 8 years of experience.
6,If you watch it without thinking, it's a well-made "Entertainment" movie out of 10...
5,I don't think it's easy to make thrilling action.
6,Why does it get weird when I go to Hollywood?
5,14 years ago, it was fun.
1,들은They put everything on me and said I was the best. What kind of movie is this?
1,what is it
3,I finally finished it because I was wasting the money I downloaded... Considering it's more than 10 years old, I won't give you 1 point
2,Honestly, it's boring. Wow, there's not much structure in the beginning. I need to make it fun
4,Not as good as I thought. Nicholas Cage's acting is the best
6,There's a jam...
1,It's not fun, it's
1,an old-fashioned
6,It's fun
1,I'm getting cursed at. The plot is terrible, and the action scenes are okay even if you shoot like that
6,It's just a Hong Kong style gunfight.
6,I'm bored.
1,How many people are you killing to live? And this ridiculous rating
1,It's not a 9-point movie.
1,This isn't a movie with 9 points. It's about the latter half of the 7 points?
1,This isn't right
6,I don't remember.Anyway, it was fun
6,Ideas are good, but there are blotches of slow tempo, ordinary action, and stereotyped acting.
6,There are so many gaps... I'm not touched
6,Honestly, it's not that funny
6,The title is "Face off!" For fun, "Face on!"
1,One sleep
5,John and Nick in Ousamsik's second.
4,It can't make the content alive, and the action only raises the temper of a slow person.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
2,There's nothing new except for the face change, and the feeling of a hundred per person...
5,This is the only good material...
3,SF, too, there should be a shelter.
6,Almost perfect material and top actors made another ousampyo rubbish
6,Only a gold-clad double-handed gun is cool. Oh, I don't like the action.
1,a familiar bomb squad/facelift
3,Extra is one shot.They're trying not to kill each other.
1,a critically criticized movie
2,Ugh! I saw you when you were so young.It wasn't good = _=
6,Don't worry about this and that, just enjoy it!
1,There's always a villain who goes overboard in the movie
5,Imagination is good, but after all, it is an entertainment movie.
1,[6 points] There's no progress in flying white pigeons.
1,Oh, no progress in heroism.
1,Too much overestimation to get a nine; eight is appropriate
6,The actors worked hard.
1,Not to this extent
1,Somehow
6,It's worth watching, but it's a lot lower than The Rock
6,John Woo! Resurrection!
1,I turned it off halfway after being frustrated.
6,Proof of Ousam's successful Hollywood debut
6,The content is very honest...
1,I'm disappointed
1,Too commercial
5,The American version of Hong Kong movies...
4,The motion of Sean Archer following his face with his fingers made me so sad.
