덕구
10,Wow, it doesn't matter if it's a new drama.It's all done by the way.
10,I watched it with tears in my eyesI felt the importance of my family and it was heartbreaking, but it's touching
10,Deokgu is so good at acting.I got goosebumps and I'm crying
10,It was a movie where I could understand grandfather Deokgu and mother Deokgu without any unreasonable developmentcrying
10,It's so touching ㅠㅠ It's the best!
8,Labor too sad ㅠㅠ Tears falling down
10,His acting skills are amazing.Everything is perfect
10,Heart-warming moving movie! The acting of Lee Soon-jae and the child actor is outstanding.
10,It was on Netflix, so I watched it with my dad in self-quarantinedI cried a lot while watching it. My strong father also wiped away his tears when he was in his 40s. It was a touching movie, saying that he was like a grandfather!
10,I cried my eyes out 12 times. From the beginning to the end, I felt sad in every corner.
10,It's fun and touching
10,It is so touching and sad
10,7H is sad. He cried
10,I cried a lot after a long time.I really like Soonjae Grandpa. ㅜㅜ
10,
10,When I was young, I cried so much that I always think of this sad movie. I watched it again after a long time, but I'm crying again. It's really fun! I strongly recommend it!
10,The movie that made me cry like water when I heard the sound of "Sappae Sappae Sappae." The movie, the video, the acting, the babies, all the supporting actors are so cute. The people who are good at acting. I really enjoyed it^^
10,Best Touch ♡♡ I recommend it as a family movie
9,Deokgu's acting is the best. Deokhee, too
2,Forced touching... The main character's voice hurts my ears. It's also a cliche story The main character is good at acting
10,
10,
9,Poor Deokgu and Deokhee... Children need a mother...
10,Maybe I'll be the last one. It was a lot of fun I almost cried when I saw it
10,The whole family cried on Sunday afternoon while watching it defenselessly on FLEX 4FLEX.Is it okay for Lee Soonjae and young actor Jung Ji Hoon to make our family cry like this?
10,I cried all the time. I was so immersed in my acting that I felt more sorry for the situation. I was more nervous because of the timing. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's so sad that choice was not a choice, but an inevitable last resort. It's because we can't do it happily together ㅠㅠ My eyes are all dry because I started watching Lee Soonjae's cute little acting
9,A movie that makes you prepare to be sad
10,It was so touchingcrying
10,I cried from beginning to end I used up a whole bottle of tissue
10,Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,I wonder why I finally found out about this kind of movie.I didn't live a long life, but memories of my childhood sprang up. It is a 90-minute movie and a 60-minute movie that wept and wailed. I've never seen a movie with such a long emotion. In addition, I wanted to be in my grandfather's arms once again.
10,I usually don't cry while watching a movie, but this movie is so touching
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time!
10,
10,I saw it for the first time today.I cried a lot as a mother raising a 21-month-old baby.I'm so touched.It's been a while. Warm.It's like the end of the year. ^^ Baby.I'll show you when I grow up. Thank you for the great work.
10,The movie is crazy.I'm so into it
10,It's so touching! It was such a good movieI understand how Deokgu, Deokhee, and Grandpa feel. It was a movie that was not a lot of moneyIt was a movie that really touched me and made me cry
8,Lee Soonjae's acting in a heartwarming movie is amazing.
10,It's such a good movie.
9,He didn't say well and showed a lot of things with his facial expressions. It made me feel sorry for him
10,
10,I don't think I've ever cried this much after watching a movie Lee Soonjae is like my grandfather. Thank you for your great acting
10,Every time I see her, she's always...
10,It's been a really long time since I watched a movie and cried. I hope you watch Deokgu. It's a movie that you never regret.
10,
10,
10,It was so heart-warming I cried so much while watching it. Thank you.
10,
10,The actors' acting made my eyes tear up.
10,I don't know how much tears I don't knowLee Soonjae's acting makes me feel sad and sad
10,I drank a glass of soju and cried watching Deokgu.I felt like I was watching my dads.Our fathers and grandfathers who cry only with their hearts because they can't express their feelings because they didn't learn anything.I thought about a lot of things and cried a lot while watching it. And I really liked the ending, too A movie with a score of 100!I hope you watch a warm movie in the cold winter~~
10,A year before its release, my grandfather passed away and I was dragging my feet just watching the trailer of this movie, but today I'm dragging my feet after watching the actual movie. I don't think I can forget my grandfather yet.Personally, I think I was able to relate to it even more. Thank you, director.
10,I want to see my grandfather in the night. Thank you for the good movie
10,My eyes are so swollen that they hurt. --
10,All the time I watched ㅜㅜ The kids were so good at acting ㅠㅠ
10,I really like the story of this movie!I have never seen such a moving movie before.
10,It's a movie that cries every time I watch it.
10,Tears welled up...
10,I kept crying while watching it ㅠㅠ It was so sad but it was so much fun ㅠㅠ꼭 Make sure to watch it I strongly recommend it!
10,Before he passed away, I received the movie that my grandfather always gave me money whenever I went
10,It's a heart-warming movie that shows how close family love is~~  Deok-gu was happy to see him live confidently without losing heart even without his parents, and he was moved by the way his grandfather did his best to his grandchildren~~
8,The pain of children facing the hard reality of multicultural families~Real reality!
10,The best movie ever. I cried and had a runny nose. All the characters in the movie are the best in acting and breathing.
10,It's so sad.  I think I cried and had a runny nose the whole time
10,I'm watching you do it on TV, and I'm crying.It's been a while since I watched a touching moviecrying
1,A movie about the process of destroying children's emotions.
3,I'm squeezing the juice
10,It's my first time getting a GPA.Thank you for making such a moving movie.Thank you teacher Lee Soonjae and actor Jung Jihoon for your great acting.My heart was really warm and happy throughout the movie.
10,I'm in my mid-30s, and it's hard to live, so I cry every time I see it I hope teacher Lee Soonjae stays healthy for a long time
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae's acting is too much. Deokgu, Deokhee ㅜㅜ I cried too much
10,
10,ㅜㅜ That's the best move
10,From the story to the ending... I really enjoyed it. I thought my tears have dried up recently, but my nose is running too. I think of my grandmother who died and I think of my childhood memories. It was a touching movie
9,Soon Jae-ong and everyone's acting is right. So it's a movie that really makes me sad. But it's a happy ending.
10,I can't tell if the actors' acting is real or a movieIt's touching and heartwarming.
10,I liked watching sad movies, so I watched it. Wow, I shed 1L of tears ㅠㅠ It's really fun and touching. You should watch it once
10,I just happened to watch it like it was flowingI cried my eyes out. It was nice to see a movie that was so good at acting and touching^^ Especially, Lee Soon-jae and Deok-gu's acting is so touching. It was a calm and small story that made me reminisce about my childhood while living in this era
10,Don't ask, don't argue, just look...
10,It was so touching ㅠㅠ진 I keep crying because the actors are so good at acting. I think I'm more immersed in it
10,Soon Jae-Ong... Children act better than they need to. Even the dog that barked when he was locked in Deokhee's room is good at acting. Anyway, I cried to the point of surprise.
10,
10,I watched it now, but I cried so much that I couldn't breathe at the end.ㅠ
10,I was so sad.I cried my eyes out.
10,I cried my eyes out It's a really sad and touching movie
1,Is this your best?Are you sure about that?
10,From the beginning to the end of the movie, a movie with runny nose and tears... Personally, the lines of actor Jung Ji-hoon, who played Deok-gu, seem to be the most memorable. It was perfect for Deokgu's character, and I think he cried a lot when he shouted himself to find his mom. I think it will be a life movie that I will bring out later.
10,It has an excellent effect on the treatment of dry eyes.
10,It's been a really long time since I watched a movie crying
10,When I see my mom who has had a baby crying,
10,It was an expected ending, but nevertheless, a movie with enough emotion and sadness.
10,It's a movie that makes me cry thinking about my grandmother and grandfather
10,She's cute, she's good at acting, and when Vanessa came to pay me back, I was crying
7,It was a movie that made me think about multicultural families again.
10,I cried the whole time crying
10,Deokgu's acting was so good.Take care, Lee Soonjae.
10,
10,Since I bought chicken, I thought I'd watch a movie, but I cried a lot. I like movies that make my heart warm because I know it's a true story. It's not boring, it's immersive, it's better.
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae thought that this movie could be the last movie in his life, so he appeared as No-Geranty. Although it was a No-Geranty appearance, it is a good movie that showed the value of money and more than that.
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae, stay healthy. Please show us good acting for a long time ㅜ
10,Grandpa Lee Soonjae is so good at acting and the story is so sad ㅠㅠ Take care, Grandpa Lee Soonjae!
10,It's my first time writing a movie review. I cried throughout the movie. I can't stop crying even after the movie because I keep thinking about my late grandfather. Grandfather Lee Soon-jae's acting is always lingering and touching. I hope you can be active as an actor for a long time. I hope you have a good health.
10,I'm so touched ㅠㅠ Stormy tears
10,I watched it as soon as I woke up and cried a bucket ㅜㅜ
10,I cried a lot while watching it Grandfather Lee Soonjae's great acting and Deokgu's acting are amazing The story is warm and I recommend it
10,I got a rating as soon as I saw them. Their acting skills were amazing. I enjoyed their immersion and storylineㅠㅠ It's been a long time since I saw this movie with tissue
10,ㅠㅠ I'm so sad My heart has warmed up after a long time
10,It's so sad. Babies are so good at acting. ㅠㅠcrying
10,I was so sad that I kept crying watching the movie Deokgu. I cried because I thought of my grandfather. The sad movie actors were so good at acting. ㅠㅠ
10,I didn't see it at the movie theater, but if it was a really touching movie after a long time, my heart is warm
10,I thought it was an obvious story.Tears won't stop in my eyes ㅠㅠ
10,I looked around to see if there was a movie to watch while eating, but I couldn't eat because I was choked up. I hope Deokgu's family is happy crying
10,
10,It's the first movie review I'I want to give you 100 out of 10ㅠㅠ I cried a lot the whole time I saw if I had a lot of tears Mr. Lee Soonjae is really greatcrying
2,I liked everything else, but I've never heard of it before
10,If you cried the whole time watching it... ㅠㅠ It's so sad. Grandpa Lee Soonjae is the best man
10,Laughing ㅠㅠ
10,I sobbed. You are so good at acting
10,A sad but humane masterpiece of multicultural families.
10,
10,Lee Soonjae's restrained acting made him cry until the end. I didn't know about love like that when I was young... It's so sad... I cried more because I remembered my grandmother who raised me when my parents were busy. I shouldn't have said anything hurtful. I shouldn't have walked away. I miss my grandmother so much. I really want to eat braised radish and bean-jaban hand tofu made by my grandmother, not pork cutlet. It's a movie that reminds your parents that you have to be nice to your grandparents. I guess all the actors and actresses were so good at acting that they were more into it. Make sure to watch it. Actor Lee Soon-jae appeared because he wanted to appear as a no-guarantee actor. He said, "The actor shouldn't cry too much. He expressed it in moderation." Make sure to watch it.
10,It's been a while since I cried. Look
10,I watch a lot of Korean movies that I haven't seen on Netflix, but it's a pity that these movies disappeared without seeing the light. My heart ached the whole time.There were some parts that were a little disappointing, but grandpas, grandchildren, and acting covered everything.
10,Deokgu is so good at acting. Lee Soonjae is the best It's touching.
10,My nose is salty
10,I cried while watching it without thinking!
10,It was a heart-warming movie. I cried a lot the whole time I watched it  Deokhee is so cute
10,I can't stop crying ㅜㅜ As expected of actor Lee Soonjae
10,It's a sad but heart-warming movie
10,He said he doesn't cry after watching sad movies. He was careless and kept crying. It's a really good movie
10,I remember crying because I watched the movie a few years ago because it was so touching. Thank you, actors and directors Haha
10,It didn't feel like it was a movie. The acting wasn't awkward. It was so touching I cried a bucket of tears.
10,I'm a person who really doesn't leave things like this. But I was sad and moved to the extent that I thought I wouldn't be human if I didn't cry. I was very moved by this movie.I love you, Lee Soonjae. I really enjoyed your work. I hope this message gets through. It was my favorite movie. I cried a lot.
10,What should I watch with my mom? I watched it on Netflix. She's so good at acting. It'sadㅠㅠ It's a very moving movie. Please watch it.
10,I'm tearing up throughout the movieI always respected Lee Soonjae a lot. As expectedNot only that, but everyone's acting, including children, was really the best. I don't usually leave this kind of message, but this movie has to have a rating of 10 ㅜㅜ Ah, I want to see my grandfatherㅜㅜ
10,
6,The movie that the actors acted in... Actually, the story is predictable
10,I cried 20 minutes after the movie started I took out tissues, wiped them, got wet, and I kept crying It's a movie that came to my heart. My grandfather died when he was a baby, so it wasn't a story that I couldn't relate to because I didn't have any memories. It's a movie that I cried this much. I'm so touched and I just want to engrave it deep in my heart I really enjoyed it
10,It's a movie that brings back memories of my childhood, of my grandfather, who accepted everything about me, naturally buried in his heart, and brings back memories of my childhood as an elementary school
10,I thought it would be an obvious tearjerker ending, but I was glad it wasn't. The movie that made me realize the importance of my mother once again.
10,It's the best movie of my life.
8,Grandpa, how can you raise your children alone? I saw a curse word
10,
10,I cried a lot watching the movie ㅠㅠ When I was with my grandmother and grandfather after watching the movie, I thought I should do better.ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, do you always show us a lot of good things for a long time?
10,It's my first time getting a rating after watching a movie. It's a really touching moviecrying
10,
10,The actors' excellent acting skills stood out and it reminded me of my grandfather.
10,I watched it while sobbing...
10,Lee Soonjae is such a good actorㅠㅠ I kept crying while I was watching
10,I'm so touchedㅜㅜ
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is really... ㅠㅠ I think he's so goodYou were so good at acting as a child actorBecause of my acting skills, I was more immersed and saddened
10,I cried the most in my life thinking about my grandfather while watching the movie.
10,It reminded me of my grandfather the whole time I watched it. The story is making me cry. Also, it leaves a long lingering impression after seeing it. I recommend that you watch it once in a while.
10,It's really added to my life movie... I really have to watch this.
10,
10,Tears and runny nose were running late at night
10,It's a touching movie
10,It reminds me of my grandfather a lot. It makes me cry every time I watch it
10,I can trust and watch Lee Soonjae's acting ㅠㅠ
10,I always miss my grandfather who died. I'm sorry.
10,I'll do my bestI'll be a good parent I was so sad while watching it.Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time.
9,I've cried so many times, but when I thought I couldn't, I cried a lot
10,The actors were so good at acting that it felt like I was actually there. It was touching I used up all the tissue while crying.
10,A movie that you must watch once a year... Every time I see it, I cry and my nose is runny.
10,Thank you for the happy ending.
10,Every time I watched the movie, I thought of my grandfather who died and had mixed emotions. Above all, I was surprised that the movie was so different from when I saw Lee Soon-jae's acting in High Kick a few years ago I hope you stay healthy for a long time and show us a lot of works like this
10,
10,No, I didn't watch this movie, but I just happened to come here and watch the reviews. I'm tearing up. It's ridiculous. I'm crying even after the evaluation, but I'm scared that I'll cry when I watch the actual movieㅜㅜ
10,I shed tears and runny nose... I didn't even cry when I saw him with God!
10,I really enjoyed it Actors, stay healthy!
10,My eyes are swollen because I cried so much Thank you
10,I cried from the beginning because it reminded me of my grandfather
10,This movie made me cry I'm so sad. Babies are so good at acting. This is my favorite movie. I love it
10,Tears and runny nose Strongly recommend
8,It's been a long time
10,I naturally smiled at the rough expression of love between my family and shed tears at the sincere expression of love.
10,
10,I really cried a lot. I cried so hard that I was choking up. I respect teacher Lee Soonjae.
10,It was the most impressive, touching and interesting movie I've ever seen. It would be nice to watch it with your family.
10,I watched it with my little nephew, and he was crying. I could feel the grandfather's affectionate love for his grandchildren. Touching and touching ㅠㅠ
10,Why isn't Deokgu complimenting me?I've loved her since she was Miss Wife. Be a good girl and grow up well, Jihoon?
10,I watched it when it was released two years ago, and I cried a lot while watching it. I cried the most when my grandfather, Deokgu, and Deokhee broke up. I think this movie is not just a sad movie, but a warm and touching movie. I cried a lot even though I watched it once today. It's really my life movie. Make sure you watch it.
10,It's been a while since I watched it again, and I sobbed. It's a masterpiece
10,Wow, I've watched the best movie three times. It makes me cry every time I watch it. It's so much fun
10,
10,I've never seen this before. Deokgu... It was the movie that made me cry the most ㅠㅠ 진짜 Really... Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time ㅠㅠ I love you ㅠㅠ I cry half of the show timeㅠㅠ Look at the invincible right
10,I cried while watching it. The actors are so good at acting, directing, and storytelling. They're so touching and humane It's an A-list movie!
10,I'm a real man. I cried in the end. He's dragging his feet again.Deokgu who makes "Manly Men" cry!This is a movie. It's even more surprising because it's a true story.
10,
5,Common Korean Movies
10,Deokgu, Deokhee, and Grandpa are around us. Let's look around
10,I cried a lot when I saw my grandchildren's pictures at the ending credit. Why was I so bad to my grandparents? I miss you grandmother ㅜㅜ
10,I cried so much that my eyes were macarons for two days
9,
10,The director, actor, and story are all so well-made that it makes me cry while I watch it's a movie I strongly recommend it
10,This movie has good conditions to watch alone at home. For those who don't want to show others crying, those who want to feel precious about their relationship with their families again, and for me. First of all, it is possible to guess what kind of movie it is by looking at the film title and poster, and it does not deviate from the expectation. To put it bluntly, it is possible to predict the story of grandfather and grandson, and by designating Southeast Asian mothers as roles. However, the predictions and guesses that I made before watching the movie are buried in what I feel while watching the movie. In other words, prediction and speculation do not beat emotion. It is recommended for those who meet the three conditions above and want to be satisfied through this movie.
10,Each scene is so touching. I watched it while sobbing.ㅠㅠ 별 Actually, I didn't expect much and was ranked, so I watched it, and it's a relief that I saw itThank you for letting me watch this movie
10,It's been a while since I cried.
10,Good, good, good. Deokgu, good
10,He was crying from the beginning and almost cried all the time. I can't explain it, but tears keep coming out. I saw it now, but it's really touching...crying
9,This movie reminds me of a friend. They have their own reasons for living in difficulties, so they should be nicer to them. I hope it's a world that serves the weak more
10,I watched it from start to finish, and I remembered my grandmother who raised me instead of my parents, who worked for two jobs, even though my grandfather wasn't there It was a touching movie with a lot of thoughts
10,It was touching. Recommend.
10,I have watched over 500 movies so far, but I cried for the first time It's touching and really sad
10,I really cried while watching the movie. It's so touching
10,
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,JI HOON is so cute It's like I'm looking at Yoo Seungho going home. Lee Soonjae's warm grandfather... Stay healthy!!!
10,
1,rating adjustment
6,Grandpa with a time limit.And my disobedient grandchild...Things I've seen a lot before, obvious touching.
10,Lee Soonjae, please act for a long time
10,It's a movie that's so touching and makes you cryMake sure to watch it
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that drew tears and runny noseIt's touching. It's my favorite movie I've seen recentlyIt breaks my heart, but even the mother I saw with him, Lee Soonjae's acting was the best
10,
10,
10,I happened to watch it on TV during the holidays and I cried with the groom It reminds me of my grandfather.It reminds me of my grandmother. It may seem like an obvious material, but it's closer to reality than you think. Those stiff hands and tired eyes really reminded me of my grandfather. It was so touching.
10,I'm touched. I could feel the acting, my tears were blurry, and I watched it
10,Lee Soonjae's acting hurts my mouth, and I shed tears and runny nose with (G)I-DLE's acting
8,It's all good... Why can't Deokhee be a son, son, boy, main character, Taryeong?Phew... I look forward to 'Deokhee' next time - Why can't the director break that limit?The male protagonist, the male ego, the limit of unfortunate prejudice
8,Lee Soonjae is Lee Byung Hun.Choi Min-sik and Song Kang-ho are the top actors in Korea.But the movie ends in the middle.Don't make an open ending. It's not a good, high-quality thing.
10,It's such a touching and sad movie.I cried a lot the whole time.Great actor Lee Soonjae. His acting is the best.I hope you are always healthy.
10,I cried throughout the movie ㅠㅠ I made each scene of Lee Soon-jae's acting move my heart. The kids are good at acting crying
10,It was so touching :) I recommend you to watch it once in a while =) I think I kept crying The acting of actor Lee Soonjae and two child actors... No, everyone's acting was so touching. :)
10,I cried without realizing it when I saw my grandfather patting Deokgu's hair in the hospital room.A movie that reminds me of my grandparents
10,Oh, I just watched the Lunar New Year special movie, and I cried a lot. When I looked into Lee Soonjae's eyes, I thought of my late grandmother. Also, multicultural families + grandparents' families are very common these days. It was a very plausible story, so I was able to relate to it more. The acting skills of the people who appeared in the movie here are not worth discussing, so they are the best. I am sad that one or two Korean movies that are commercialized have monopolized all movie theaters in the country. 좋은 Thank you for making a good movie and stay with us for a long timecrying
10,It's Seollal and I cried...
10,How can you show it to me as a New Year's special movie? I cried all the time and thought I was going to die of embarrassment among my unfamiliar relatives
10,It was touching and I really enjoyed watching it with my family.
10,I cried a lot. Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
10,Lee Soonjae is so good at acting. I'm so moved that I can't speak because I'm choked.
10,It's heartbreaking, but it's a movie that's even more heart-warming The acting of Lee Soonjae, who I always support, and Deokgu's acting as a child actor were so harmonious It was a movie with a long echo!
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that sheds tears, not artificial tears
10,I don't usually get a GPA.I'm so touched! I strongly recommend it
10,It's been a long time since I cried my eyes out.After "Under the Sky Without Mom" that I watched when I was young, there were so many... ㅠㅠ
10,They met their mother again I hope so
10,It's so heart-breaking and I'm crying
10,I can't watch it because I'm so sad.ㅜㅜ Seeing Lee Soonjae reminds me of my grandmother The child actor's acting was also the best
1,He tries to act like he's touched, but he's forced to do it, so he has a good material, a good actor, and a movie vibe...
10,The acting and the story are perfect. They remind me of my memories
10,
10,Every time I see you, I cry
10,Each and every scene reminds me of the past, so I'm crying
10,I'm doing it on TV right now, and I'm feeling overwhelmed by Lee Soonjae's acting.
1,I'll give it to you
10,It makes me feel sad. Recommend.
10,Who is posting malicious comments here?!
10,I love you, Lee Soonjae crying
10,It's so touching and touching.
10,
10,I'm touched. It's the best.
10,
10,Lee Soonjae, you acted really well
10,I saw it because other people here said they were touched.What a touching and warm movie...
10,It's so touching. I cried a lot while watching it
10,I cry just by looking at the commercial.
10,I felt it with my heart and I was impressed
10,Lee Soonjae's acting skills and children's acting skills are very impressive and impressive. It's a movie that makes me cry as I grew up in a similar family. It was a movie that I really enjoyed and felt a lot It's the best
3,It's just embarrassing. There's no acting, no touching, nothing. It's like we stayed in the 20th century.
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy I respect you
1,the pinnacle of a new school
10,No matter how sad the movie is, tears come to my eyes, but this movie made me cry for the first time QQ! That's awesome. I don't think I'll ever forget it. I think I'll cry againIt's really touching and I recommend it!
10,I was drinking while watching the movie, and after 8th morning, the movie ended
10,
10,
10,I shed tears and runny nose with my acting skills that doubles the meaningful directing of each scene crying
10,You're so sad. Don't miss it if you have plans the next day My eyes are swollen
10,The movie is so complete! Soonjae Grandpa and Deokgu Deokhee. Good acting! Kids are so pretty! 꼭♡♡ Please watch it!
10,It was sadder because Lee Soonjae acted so well crying
10,All the actors are really good at acting It's a really moving movie
10,It was the first movie that was so pure and touchingㅜㅜ
10,The story is a movie that anyone can predict. Nevertheless, a movie that sheds tears naturally. I can only admire Lee Soonjae's acting.
10," You can't be a grandfather even if you're the best." That's a really heart-warming comment. I think it's the first time I've ever been so heartbroken by a line.It doesn't look fun. I haven't seen it for a while, but it's heartbreaking. I was heartbreaking and warm all the time.
10,I wish Lee Soonjae good health for 100 years at the same time as his heart-rending actingThank you for letting me feel warm tears.
10,You may think the movie is boring, but actor Lee Soon-jae's acting was the best. I don't usually cry after watching a movie, but it's so sad. It's a touching movie.
10,It's really my first time getting a rating. I trusted Lee Soonjae and it was so touching. It's a movie that makes you cry and think a lot about your family.
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
10,That's too cruel. He tore my heart to pieces and almost died of tears. My father and mother are all my fault. I love you.
1,It's a fake that a Korean movie is up
1,.,;'[/...'
10,The best movie of my life! I love you who know how you feel^^
10,Really... I cried a lot while I was watching.The actors are really good at acting.After the movie, I couldn't stop crying. I kept crying. It's a heartbreaking movie Make sure to watch it!
10,Wow, I think I've never cried this much while watching a movie in my life. It's more than a real life movie. It is a touching movie that makes me feel the importance of my family again through the movie. If you haven't seen this movie, I recommend you to watch it.
1,Awkward dialects and clichés
1,It's an amazing ability to make a movie with good actors
1,This kind of movie ranks 10th in total, so there is no credibility for people who need Naver movie ratings objectively
10,It's a rough move, but you're making me cry with your eyes It's a movie that you shouldn't watch I cursed because I was crying
10,It's a movie that makes your soul cry! crying
10,I must see it.It's like a movie with a story.^&^
10,I sobbed. It's a warm movie
10,I'm a guy. Can I cry?You're not embarrassed, are you?ㅠㅠ It was so touching!
10,I want to see Lee Soonjae on TV for a long time ♥
10,It's my life movie ㅠㅠ It's sad and touching and it's the best
1,There's a reason for 310,000 viewers. I don't know why I made it into a movie with cable dramas, Lee Soon-jae's awkward dialect, acting for child actors, acting for minor roles that know the level of directing, and I'm touched by the obvious story. The rating is 9.3?? Humans, I should've sucked you. Suck you...
10,It is a very moving movie. You are also good at acting.I strongly recommend it!
10,I took out all my tears for a year ㅜㅜ
10,The actors are so good at acting and it's a movie that makes you feel a lot of thoughts It's sad and touching
9,Although it's obvious, it's not easy to produce and edit well within it. In that sense, I liked it, and I was more impressed by the child actor's acting than anything else. Good job!
10,I don't need to say it. I feel like I'm not obvious at all
10,I cried when I saw the video for the first time in my life. I always said, "If there is a director who makes a movie that makes me cry with a joke, that director is the best director," but I met him after 30 years. It's an honor to see a movie like this
10,I'm so touched. I just saw it now crying
1,kliukjrturt
10,It was so hard to watch a movie because of my tears
10,Grandpa is always Deokgu
10,I sobbed throughout the movie.It was a movie that I could relate to more because my parents both worked and grew up with my grandparents in the village. I've never left a rating, but after watching this movie, I think I should. I hope other people watch it, too.
10,I've never seen my grandfather in my life, but nevertheless, I could feel his strong love.
10,What more do I need to say? I couldn't stop crying throughout the movie Lee Soonjae is so cool
8,Not to mention actor Lee Soonjae, why are kids so good at acting?I'm just tearing up.
10,A good movie doesn't seem to have an audience.ㅠㅠ
10,This movie makes even people without tears cry
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae! Thank you for watching Deokgu movie. Thank you. I'll look forward to your great work. Stay healthy ^^
10,I really respect you Teacher Lee Soonjae
10,Lee Soonjae is still handsome even when he gets older
10,I strongly recommend this movieㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Real life movie. Actor Lee Soonjae's acting skills...
10,It's a heart-warming movie ㅜㅜ
10,I'm watching it now and it's so sad As expected, Lee Soonjae grandfather was good and Deokgu cried a lot when he visited his mother in Ansan
10,It's a movie that gave me a break in the world these days
10,It's a movie that touches my heartI think I'm going to think about my grandmother a lot today
8,Why am I sad when my grandfather scolds me at Deokgu's school?
10,Bo was wailing all along.ㅠㅠ I'm so sad and heartbroken, how can I express it... As expected, the actors who played Deokgu and Deokhee in Lee Soonjae University were so great. Please watch the role of Deokgu's mom, too.  Make sure... Make sure...
10,Lee Soonjae, you're such a great actor ㅠㅠ I cried a lot
10,Home, Lee Soonjae's version of a warm movie
10,The child actors' acting touched my heart, but as expected, actor Lee Soonjae... I hope you stay healthy for a long time. I hope to see you on screen.
10,I feel emotional and emotional~~
10,ㅜㅜ That's so touching~~~ㅜㅜ
10,I cried a lot for the first time while watching a movie. Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,The heartwarming movie lingers for a long time
10,My heart hurt the whole time I watched it
10,I don't really cry when I see sad things, but I watched it late at night and cried a lot I can't stop crying even after it's over. It became my life movie. I hope we can re-release it on the screen a lot It's a movie that I want to give more than 10 points. It's sad ㅜㅜ...
10,I cried a lot while watching it. That's a great movie!
10,It's really my life movie. I strongly recommend it when you want to cry
10,Deokgu ㅜㅜㅠㅠ Sad Movie
2,Just spring... I don't recommend it because it's a sad movie
1,Technologicalization of Meat Soup for Native and Nutu
9,I think I shed a whole year's worth of tears. It was a movie that reminded me of my late grandmother a lot.
10,This is the first review I leave while watching the movie. I can't get over it It's not a movie where I try to force myself to be moved. I'm touched by each actor's acting I cried throughout the movie. It's such a bummer that the movie has 10 points.
10,I cried a lot thinking about my grandmotherGrandfather Lee Soonjae, stay healthy I respect.
10,It's the best. Touching and enlightening
10,I miss my grandmother. Does this movie remind you of anyone?   I miss you so much
1,It's not fun, it's not fun, it's not fun
10,Please act for a long time, Lee Soonjae?Deokhee acted really well
10,I watched the movie with my kids home for surgery. I can't wait to get my baby back They need a mother
10,It's been 20 minutes since I watched the movie and I'm still crying.ㅠ
10,When an actor cries, the audience cries together
10,Watching this movie still reminds me of my late grandmother and grandfather. It's not a forced new drama. It's a touching movie
10,My favorite movie... Lee Soonjae's acting is really touching.I'm so touched by the kids.
10,My clothes are all wet from wiping my tears. I'm in trouble.
1,Don't lower the ranks of masterpieces--
8,I get emotional even though I think it's obvious.
10,Please stay with us for a long time. A movie that's worth watching
1,I've heard it's been a long time since the Zeldorf era.
10,The kid who plays Deokgu is pretty good at acting Lee Soonjae, too! I love you, Lee Soonjae! Stay healthy for a long time
10,I kept crying while watching this. ㅠㅠ He was so good at acting that I cried a lot ㅠㅠ Deokgu! Don't get sick
10,I'm shedding tears at the end  be in the dold
10,It was a heartwarming movie that I haven't seen in a long time.
10,It's been a while since I cried like this. I'm so happy to find a good movie this late.
10,It's the best. I think it's going to be a movie of my life movie.I happened to watch it on TV.I bought a VOD for my collection and watched it again.  ㅠㅠ The kids and I couldn't stop crying.Teacher Lee Soonjae! Thank you~Be healthy for a long time and show us great acting skills
10,a film storming the shadows of the depths
10,I thought I was going to get emotional, but as expected...crying
10,I cried while watching it at homecrying
10,I'm crying. Actor Lee Soonjae's acting...  Stormy tears ㅜㅜ
10,Why are my eyes sweating so much?
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
10,Lee Soonjae, you're amazing!
10,Deokgu and Deokgu Halbang acting is really great. I cried my eyes out from the morning ㅠㅠ
10,I'm so sad ㅠㅠ I'm touched
1,a typical Korean-style forced-to-
10,I watched it with my 6-year-old daughter crying.A movie that feels the importance of family
10,I was sadder because they acted so wellcrying
10,I enjoyed your holiday movie. It was the best movie of the year ㅜㅜ
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae... All the child actors fell in love with their acting skills It's a movie that's very touching
10,Tears, runny nose... Even now, it's all over the place.ㅜㅜ
10,Oh, tears from the morning...I'm so touched
10,My heart still aches. I hope Deokgu's grandfather, Deokgu's Deokhee Vanessa, who lives somewhere, is happy.
10,The family that teased me for crying alone was crying in less than 5 minutes ㅠㅠ It was a movie that was so touching and made me think about a lot of things. Thank you for the great work.
10,I'm going to watch a movie and cheer up
10,Everyone's acting is good and I'm crying
10,Make sure to watch it! Take a look!
10,Deokgu and Deokhee... Comfortable, calm, and sentimental drama... It's a masterpiece
10,If I didn't have dry eyes, my mom's eyes would have been dragged in front of me
10,I just watched it on TV and it was fun
10,My husband and I cried a lot
10,Deokgu is so touching ㅠㅠ
6,Oh, this isIs it?
10,ㅠㅠ I cried a lot...It was a touching movieㅠ
10,Wow, it's sad even if you know it's a new drama. It's a well-made movie
10,The number of viewers is 310,000 viewers? Oh my god
10,I was touched for a moment by the harsh worldThe acting and the story were all good, but it's a shame that the audience couldn't see it because the number of theaters was small
10,I'm a huge fan of Grandpa Lee Soonjae
10,If the screen exploded, the movie would have reached 10 million.
10,I'm so annoyed. I shed a lot of tears from the morning during the holidays
3,The dialect was so awkward. Why are you using it? Is there a reason why I had to put in a dialect?
10,It's so sad since the morning ㅠㅠ I'm crying with my mom
1,It's really no fun...I turned it off
1,a typical Korean new drama And there's the element of acting cute for children. It's a new drama that only came out in the 80s.
10,Even if you're the best, you can't be a grandpa
7,Naver Movie Netizens Can't Make Accurate Evaluations This is because they look at the film with their own taste and eye level and weigh it with only a few films they know, excluding theoretical knowledge of the film.
10,Oh, it's so sad.
10,As expected, an actor you can trust and watch... You're the best
10,I saw it later, but I cried a lot.
10,It's a very moving movie. Deokgu, fighting!
10,You're really good at acting as a child actor. It was sadder because the child actors and teacher Lee Soonjae's acting was natural without any annoying scenes
5,I couldn't sympathize with the movie story. I think it's the best choice for Koreans to marry each other.
10,It was the best movie ever. I watched it with my girlfriend and I cried a lot. It was so sad and it's a heart-warming movie. Thank you.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,I'm touched. It's a plausible story and I saw it with tears
10,I almost went crazy because I couldn't handle my runny nose
10,Everyone acted so well. Grandfather Lee Soonjae's acting touched my heartcrying
10,It may be an obvious story, but my acting skills were the best, and it was good to see a movie that warmed my heart after a long time.
1,Let's strike a balance. Korean movie out
5,A typical Korean Shinpa movie. Nothing more, nothing less
5,I love you. I was looking forward to it and I was so disappointed a film steeped in fresh air Lee Soon-jae, the world's poorest grandfather, begged the audience to shed some tears because he had cancer, and at the end, the scene of Deok-gu speaking eloquently on the street was so cringe-worthy.
10,It's my first time crying to the point where my face is numb. Every line of Deokgu grandfather is touching and makes me cry
10,I cried so much that my heart ached the whole time
8,a heartwarming movie
10,Tears. Tears.Mr. Lee Soonjae...I respect you. I cried a lot with my children because it was a family movie
10,There's a gentle echoThank you
10,It was a warm and very good movie.
1,Everyone, Sinpak is working well in Korea...
10,The movie that I watched while crying from beginning to end. The movie that my grandfather really missed and was thankful for
2,Han-guk, a sentimental nation, is generous to the new drama
10,It's the best movie ever
10,I cried my eyes out. Be nice to your precious family
10,I cried my eyes out. It reminds me of my late grandmother.
10,Sigh... I'm sad...
10,The child actors are really good at acting. It was a touching movie.
10,From the beginning, tears ㅠㅠ I'm so touched by your love for your grandchildren
10,I felt a scent similar to the movie "Home" It warmed my heart throughout the movie
10,This kind of movie should be a hit.
10,A warm movie with a tearful smile and tears in it
10,It's the best ㅜㅜ Why didn't I see it at the movie theater?
10,a ten-point movie!
1,Lee Soonjae's acting was really touching ㅜㅜ At the end of the day, Deokhee turned around in the car and cried. When she woke up, it felt like she was bouncing the ball quietly on the gray screen. So, I was emotional when I was in elementary school ㅜㅜ
10,ㅠㅠㅜㅜ I just keep crying
10,I'm so touched. The whole time I watched it, it was like tears.ㅜㅜ Grandfather and children are all sad and sad, but heartwarming, and the importance of family is deeply digging into the family's preciousness!
10,It's so touching. ㅜㅜ
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,I miss my grandfather.
10,It's my first time leaving comments. It is really my life movie...
10,I am sorry for watching it after the release.
10,Do you know what Sinpaguk is? Is this movie called Sinpaguk?I don't know what it means because everyone else uses it
10,I went to watch it as a group at school, and everyone cried and had a runny nose. I thought I wouldn't be sad, so I didn't bring tissue, but I had tears and runny nose on my sleeves
1,It's just a new drama.Should I get this rating?
10,If you cried all throughout the show, please watch it
10,The movie that made me cry from beginning to end. Thank you.
10,It's the first time I've ever seen such a thing. It's so touching
10,There's someone who gives me 1 point for controlling my GPA. It's not a perfect movie, but I'll give you 10 points as your heart says
10,The movie that I watched when I was doing nothing at the end of the school year while wiping my tears in the corner of the classroom.The reason why I was able to focus on the noisy surroundings is that the actors' acting is that good...
10,My heart is so sweet
10,Lee Soonjae, I hope you live a long life long life Please ㅠㅠ
10,Sometimes I like this heartbreaking movie.
1,Don't look at it. It's boring
9,I love you.I like Lee Soonjae more
2,It's like a TV drama special.
10,Wow... I kept crying while watching it ㅠㅠ 너무 So sad
10,Please act for a long time Teacher
10,I watched it while sobbing since the middle. The acting was so good that I paid for it.It's not a waste of money!
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch it!
10,I cried my eyes out ㅠㅠ I cried from beginning to end. I watched it at home and cried more than with Godㅜㅜ
10,My heart really aches. At the end, what Lee Soon-jae said to Vanessa was ringing in my ears and choked upThe word "mom" is very harsh
1,I hate Korean-style mass production
10,Thank you for Lee Soonjae's acting. It is so nice to see a movie like this after a long time.
8,I was touchedㅠㅠ I'm sad
10,I cried from start to finishcrying
10,Lee Soonjae, I love you Stay healthy for a long time♥
10,gently moving It's really sad, but it's a great movie that makes you look around.
10,It feels like I watched a movie in a long time
10,I am so sad that I thought of my grandmother and grandfather while watching it.
8,It's a movie that contains my grandfather's warm heart
10,Watching the heartwarming movie, Lee Soonjae, I thought the job of an actor was really cool
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
10,Thank you, Lee Soonjae
10,We should play this kind of movie for Chuseok special
10,I cried a lot왜 Why do I cry whenever I see Lee Soonjae acting?It's a touching movie
10,(G)I-DLE is so cute that 10 points
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
10,It's a movie that makes me cry. The actors in the drama are so good that I became more immersedㅠㅠ If you're really thinking about watching it or not, make sure to watch it
10,It's so touching and it's a good movie I didn't see it at the movie theater, but I still cry. Family love
8,It starts with Lee Soonjae and ends with Lee Soonjae.
10,I cried my eyes out throughout the movieㅜㅜ It's a touching movie that reminds me of my grandfather.
10,Grandpa Lee Soonjae, I love you!
10,I cried my eyes out because of the child actor
10,He's clumsy, honest, and obviously nice. Student-level scenarios. And yet, I cried because it was filled with sincerity.
10,It was the saddest and most touching moment since the 7th episode
10,It was so touching.
8,The unexpected twist is fun^^
10,I wanted to see it all of a sudden, so I watched it a long time after it was released, and all my tears and runny nose were dragged out. Make sure to watch it Really
10,It's really sincere The movie has been crying since morning. I love you It's Lee Soonjae.
1,It's so unlikely that the story isn't very good... It seemed like you were forcing me to cry at the last part
10,Warm movie ♡ Kids are so good at acting!
1,I saw it because I was looking forward to it. I'm so upset that I wrote actor Lee Soonjae like this. The story development is so sloppy and there is no probability at all. ㅠㅠ The child character is so mean. Facial expression, pronunciation...No touching. No fun. I don't know if only Gyeongsang-do can relate
10,Wow, hold it in. Hold it in I ended up crying ㅠㅠ
10,I'm so touched. I cried a lot If you haven't seen it, please watch itcrying
10,I'm so touched I strongly recommend it!
10,Tears came out without realizing it.
10,Such a good movie ㅠㅠ It's sad that I couldn't see such a good movie in the theater because I was busy ㅠㅠㅠ 신파 아니고 시나리오와 배우들의 훌륭한 연기로 오열하게 만드는 영화 ㅠㅠㅠ 좋은 영화 감사합니다
10,It's my first time crying three times in a movie, but thank you for shedding tears Actor Jung Jihoon and actor Lee Soonjae
10,It was so much funㅠㅠ I couldn't sew, so I took a picture of the hole in my socks ㅠㅠ Gamdung
1,This is the ranking of 3?
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.
10,I respect the movie that Lee Soonjae made so obvious All the time
10,I cried while watching it. a hidden masterpiece
9,Deokgu and Deokhee Sunjae's acting was amazing
10,I recommend a movie that makes you cry endlesslyMake sure to watch it! Make sure to watch it!
10,I cried. I miss you.
10,I'm going to leave a rating for the first time. I cried a lot while watching it.a highly recommended movie
10,It was a heart-warming movie It's a shame I didn't see you at the theater
10,Oh... I couldn't sleep, so I watched it, but I woke up crying. ㅠ.ㅠ
8,The board of directors seems to have a lot of families.Multicultural families, grandparents, foster families, single-parent families...Deok-gu is dealing with all these situations.It is a movie that makes me think a lot from dawn.Deokgu's brother is also very good at actingI watched it crying all by myself
10,This is really touching. Stories are common, but I don't think actors' acting skills are as common. Especially, the child actors are really good at acting. Sunjae is already a great actor... It's heartbreaking, but it's healing.
10,It's the best. Deokgu's acting is the best
10,It was so touching
10,My eyes are swollen.Child actor Deokgu is good at acting
10,Awesome! Jung Ji Hoon is a child actor... Wow, he's really good.  I cried when I saw it
10,I shed a bucket of tears. Maybe it's because I saw it at dawn, but I finally saw this touching thing. I miss my grandparents crying
8,It's a heart-warming movie^^
8,The obvious plot, the obvious flow, the obvious ending, and yet the obvious touching and obvious tears flow. Actor Lee Soon-jae's passionate acting and children's acting skills beautifully wrap up the story that has always been told. Our lives are naturally beautiful because they should be.
10,I can't stop crying.ㅠㅠ Deokgu is amazing
10,I cried a lot. ㅠㅠ
10,Lee Soon-jae's acting is the best.It's a god of detail that's really different from idol pretending to like money. In addition, Deokgu's acting as a child actor is amazing. You acted better than most idols. Even though the directing was sometimes shaky, these two covered it with acting
1,This kind of sentimental movie is always obvious.I'm sick of it. I'Grandpa raised me and bought me a kid's dad.She's either running away or being abandoned.And the house is always poor...And grandpas and grandmothers always die
10,I can't watch a movie that makes me think too much about my grandfather again, but I really want to see him even in my dream tonight.
10,Three tears for an hour. Lee Soonjae, thank you for your great acting.
10,I have to go to school tomorrow, but my eyes are swollen. I had a high GPA for no reason.
4,I think I'm giving away 10 points too recklessly Is the standard for masterpieces 100% touching?
10,It's so touching ~~ I've used up a whole bunch of tissues ㅠㅠ by far the best movie of the year! Grandpa Lee Soonjae, who warmed up the deep with his good acting, I love you!
10,It's 100 points.Top
10,It's really, really the best!
10,It's fun and touching
9,It's such a touching movie.Tears welled up...
10,It was a movie that made my heart ache and didn't leave my mind easily.I watched a warm movie after a long time.
10,Deokgu JinTzu is the best Youngho. Lee Soonjae is the best child actor. What is that? He's good at acting
10,I cried 3 times while watching a movie Harmony, Room 7, Deokgu
9,I don't remember, but I think it's okay
10,Thank you for making it.
10,It reminds me of my grandparents.I cried while watching it.
10,My grandfather grew up in my hands, so I cried when I saw the previewBut seeing it in person, I can't stop crying.Grandpa Lee Soonjae, thank you for giving us such a gloomy feeling with your great acting Stay healthy for a long time
9,It's good as a family movie^^
10,Wow, I really cried a lot
10,The movie is so touching and fun. I recommend you to watch it
10,Ah-- I'm so sad...
10,They cried for the first time while watching a movie
10,My favorite movie is so sad ㅜㅜㅜ
10,I cried my eyes out for the first time in a while.Lee Soonjae is amazing, and Deokgu is really good at acting.
10,A series of tears from beginning to end ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I think I watched a movie that is like a movie after a long time.
7,It's a calm drama. The actors' acting was good, too.
10,I regret seeing this now.While watching the movie, my tear glands
10,The movie that made me cry while watching it with my grandmother.  Thank you.
1,It's too high.
10,The most interesting movie I watched with my daughter recently is calm and touching
10,Oh, no kidding.ㅜㅜ A must-see movie ㅜㅜ
10,I'm so sad. I cried my eyes out
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, please stay healthy and show us a lot of good acting.
10,It's like watching a human theater episode. It's so touching and I cried
10,I can't get over it It was one of the best movies
10,The movie that made me cry the most in my life. My grandfather passed away a few days ago, and watching this movie reminded me of my memories with him. I want to see him
10,I cried a lot throughout the movie ㅠㅠ It's really late, but I think it's a very fun movie and my life Actor Lee Soonjae is so respectful and cool. Deok-gu and Deok-hee act so well ㅠㅠ I think I should be nice to my grandfather and grandmother. It was a great movie
6,I don't know why the ratings are so high
10,Wow, it's been a long time since I saw such a clean and clean movie Deokgu and Deokhee are really good at acting. Actor Lee Soonjae is a god.Make sure you watch it
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is a great person. Please take care of your health and act with us for a long time.
10,Lee Soonjae, who I trust and watch...
8,It's so obvious, but your acting is so good and it's so sad...
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that hurt my neckLee Soonjae's acting that makes me cry and runny nose. Deokgu is really good at acting
1,(Singing "Crying
10,Thank you for the good movie. ^^
10,There is no need for rhetoric
10,I have a lot of tears, but I cried a lot even when I came out of the movie theater because I grew up with my grandparents. In the drama, Lee Soon-jae's hair is always a little greasy, but I don't know why it's so sad.Teacher, always be healthy!♥
10,Grandpa Lee Soonjae ㅠㅠ I love you Stay healthy for a long time
10,The actors are so good at acting. I really respect and love Lee Soonjae! I cried a lot during the night. It's a movie I want to watch again
10,Thank you for the good movie!
8,The directing is a bit weird, but the story and acting are good
10,It's really touching. It's not a waste
10,So touching ㅜㅜ Lee Soonjae is the best
10,I really cried my eyes out. Sunjae's acting is amazing.
8,I heard that it was Soonjae's last piece
10,I respect teacher Lee Soonjae.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
10,Why did I watch such a touching movie on TV today? ㅜㅜ I cried all the timeㅠㅠ You're the best ㅠㅠ Really ㅠㅠ
8,Expected story.A warm classic movie with a touching and precious ending.Teacher Lee Soonjae recommended a movie like a vaccination that modern people should get every time they are ignorant of the importance of children's good performance
10,Tears were falling down the whole time.
10,It was the best movie ever. It's touching.
10,The saddest movie ever was the best
10,Tears and runny nose while watching ㅠㅠ It's a heartbreaking and emotional movie. I'm glad I saw you late.ㅠㅠ Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
10,It was a movie that made me cry like a child because my heart hurt so much. After crying, the movie still lingers in my heart. It's not a waste to give me 10 points
10,Kids are good at acting, too crying
8,The movie that many people could watch because actor Lee Soonjae is in it
10,I cried so much. I was really impressed.
10,Common story It's a common ending, but it's full of stuff.Even if it's the same rice, it tastes different.
10,It's really sad. ㅠㅠㅠIt is the first movie that I shed tears after watching a movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I cried my eyes out. It's my favorite movie
1,The best Seulhae movie ever
10,ㅠㅠ I'm tired because I cried so much
10,It's obvious but sad and heartbreaking. Deokgu is good at acting
10,I miss my grandfather
10,I cried my eyes out until the end of the movie
9,It's a movie with 9 points. Why are you making a fuss? Because of Lee Soonjae, it's 10 points. The movie itself is trash, so it's 1 point 10 - 1 = 9. So it's 9 points
8,It was an interesting movieOh, my
10,It's a movie that made me cry from the beginning.  I don't think I'll ever forget it
10,It's a movie that I always wanted to watch. I watched it because I was depressed and sad today, and it's so nice. I cried my eyes out. The actors are really good at actingㅜㅜ
10,My eyes are swollen because I cried so much from start to end
1,All I saw was a sigh. This should definitely be reevaluated like Room 7
10,Luda almost cried when she saw this I'm from a multicultural family, and I can relate to that. Because of actor Lee Soonjae's acting, I watched the movie and didn't cry except for the time of assassination class 365. I almost cried after watching this
10,I hope many children like Grandpa ㅜㅜㅜㅜ Deokgu Deokhee will become happy. Thank you actor Lee Soonjae. Thank you very muchMovies
10,I was so touched by Lee Soon-jae's high-end acting and Veneta's acting, his daughter-in-law and mother-of-children, who cried only when his daughter-in-law made half of the death money and came back again.
10,I really respect Lee Soonjae's acting
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae's acting is the best. It's been a long time since I cried so hard while watching a movie
10,I'm going to watch things like this, too!
8,These are things that you can see often when you leave a big city these days. So I was even more touched. It's a good movie.
10,Grandpa... The best movie ever!
10,I can't express it in words.
9,So sad ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Timing ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I'm so overwhelmed by each line and I'm short of 10 points
9,It's a common story. It's an obvious ending, but I really enjoyed it.It's a warm movie.
8,It really represents the emotions, distorted memories, thoughts, etc. of childhood, the thoughts, feelings, and actions that young children could do, and at the same time, it shows adults' perspectives and thoughts, emotions, thawing. It's a great movie.
10,I expected it, but...Good movie teacher Lee Soonjae's acting and harmony with other actors. Thank you for making me feel the importance of my family again!
10,I cried so much ㅜㅜ...I love Deokgu and Grandpa
10,The moment I saw Lee Soonjae... Tears just came out.
10,It's a really good movie where I can feel my grandfather's heart
10,ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, please act for a long time
9,So is the obvious, cliche, contrived and scenario. But what is the tear in my eyes? The actors' acting is so touching that they don't care about the scenario.
8,It wasn't forced sadness, but tears naturally came out. Grandfather Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
8,This is the learning...
9,Actor Lee Soonjae and Deokhee's acting are both great. It's a touching story that reminds me of my childhood
10,Jung Ji Hoon is so good at acting.
10,I really like Lee Soonjae ㅠㅠ 연기 Acting is really... ㅠㅠ 앞으로 Please stay there from now on Babies are great at acting, too?
10,I cried the whole time. Please stay healthy and act next to us Grandfather Lee Soonjae...ㅠㅠ! I respect you.
10,It's the saddest. See you
10,It's very, very touching
10,I saw a movie that made me feel warm and sad. I saw it. Deokgu, your acting is the best!
10,I think I should be nicer to my parents. Thank you, Lee Soonjae ㅜㅜ
10,It's obvious, but each and every scene is meaningful. I saw a good movie after a long time
10,Actor Lee Soonjae did everything
10,I can't help but cry, and my heart sinks.It is a movie that makes me think a lot...It's more heartbreaking because it's possible.I applaud Lee Soonjae's acting once again.I want to see you for a long time.Stay healthy.
10,It's been a long time since I saw such a good movie.Thank you. Please make a lot of movies like this
10,I was so sad to act as a child actor with Lee Soonjae. It's been a while since I watched a heartwarming movie
1,I'm so touched. Because of Lee Soonjae
10,Both actor Lee Soonjae and children's acting are crazy...
10,The acting of the movie actors who cried throughout the movie was amazing
1,Acting is good. Scenario stinks. You can see the frustration of Korean culture.But because of Lee Soonjae, I'll just end it with this.Lee Soonjae is the best!But movies are the worst
10,It's a really good movie. It reminds me of the movie house, too ㅜㅜ
10,I was Deokgu for two whole hours. We cried together, we were sick together, we loved our grandfather together. I miss my grandfather so much
10,I'm an old man in his mid-40s. I cried my eyes out while watching this movie. Not to mention Lee Soonjae's acting, Deokgu.Deokhee's child actors' acting is touching. It's not a forced tear movie. I really enjoyed the movie.I would like to thank everyone.
10,I hope actor Lee Soonjae is healthy. I love you, actor
10,It's so sad. It reminds me of my grandmother and grandfather who died. ㅠㅠ It's so good to be immersed in ㅠㅠ This movie is this movie
10,It's touching from beginning to endI cried my eyes outYou're really the best!I'll spread the word that it's fun
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠIt's been a while since I cried a lot
10,Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,I really have to go to school, but I can't sleep watching this.How did you make this movie?How do I go to school? ㅠㅠ I shed tears and runny nose, but my eyes are swollen. ㅠㅠ It's the best movie Make sure you watch it
10,I wish you happiness in heaven, grandma and grandpa happiness in heaven♡
10,I was looking forward to the preview and I cried a lot It doesn't disappoint me. It's a movie that shows a lot of things
1,It's a little far-fetched, but it's a good movie overall, so I'm lowering it.
10,It was a touching movie that didn't require words.
10,Even I, who usually cry after watching a sad movie, watched it with little tears. I think it was said to be a calm sadness, not a sadness that seemed to be squeezed out. So it was better. Maybe because I lived with my grandmother, I became more immersed and I miss her today.
10,It is a really sad and touching story. I've been crying since the middle ㅠㅠ
10,I think it's been a while since I saw a good movie and cried. Actor Lee Soonjae, I hope you continue to be an actor for a long time.
2,A tear-jerking movie. Do we need to make a movie?
10,My friend said it was an obvious tear movie, but it wasn't obvious because it was so similar to my childhood environment except for a few. I regret why I wasn't as smart as Deokgu when I was young.I didn't have a favorite movie since "Home". I'm glad I watched Deokgu Teacher Lee Soonjae, please stay healthy for a long time
10,My eyes are swollenYou're so cool, actor Lee Soonjae ^^♡♡♡♡
10,I was so touched by Lee Soonjae's acting
10,I live in an adopted family, and I cried when I was sent to Deokhee's foster family in Deokgu Thank you for making this movie
10,the best combination of old and child actors
9,It was fun because the acting was excellent.
10,I always respect Lee Soonjae
10,Sigh... It's a heartbreaking movie
10,Thank you for reminding me of my late grandfather
10,It's crazy. From the beginning to the end.It is the first time since If Onni. It was 10 times hotter than If Onni. There are many movies that are boring in the middle, but it is the first time that I thought about stopping because I cried too much.If you watched it in the theater, you'd hear a wail.
10,Thank you so much Grandfather Lee Soonjae
9,It's obvious about the story, but it's not like everyone's acting is good, so it's not like theyLee Soonjae Sam, live for a long time!That's a good movie.
10,Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,It's definitely 10 points.
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
10,The saddest and most heartwarming movie of the year
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year
9,Human beings, the genre is a drama. Are you looking for fun? When you come to Comidiola, please find fun... What do you mean, forced crying or not, crying is crying, but in some cases, there's a movie that tells you to watch and feel a lot of things, and find your pleasure elsewhere
10,I look like the owner of Dookku. Resting. Chuncheon <nono swim
10,I've never cried this much while watching a movie.
10,Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠ I cried while watching the best
4,Stop squeezing. That's too muchI'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I'm part-timing the comments
10,It's a really good movie. Tears welled up in my heart
10,I watched it thinking about my father-in-law with my daughter.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Even the groom who never cried cried while watching this movieI was so touched that I used up two thirds of the tissue. It's a shame that there are so many empty, cruel, and sensational films, and so many of these films like this have so few theaters
1,Stop making movies with old man Jaeyi and grandma. I hate movies like this
6,Something that seems cliche but never changes.
10,This is the most money-losing movie I have ever seen. ㅠ연Everyone is so good at actingㅠㅠㅠㅠ
6,Isn't the rating too high?
10,A movie you want to watch again
10,I cried a lotChild actor is really good at acting. Lee Soonjae is the best too
10,I couldn't stop cryingㅜ
10,Tears came out. I admit that it's a masterpiece.
10,I cried throughout the show. Teacher Lee Soonjae, thank you always for your good acting. Thanks to you, it was a very warm 90 minutes.
10,I'm leaving the first comment. Just watch. I won't say more
10,I was so touched as if I cried more than 10 times
7,The movie that cleared up at the last minute is sad, sad ㅠㅠ
10,A touching movie that touches Korean emotions! If you haven't watched it, please watch it!
10,It is a very moving movie after Cinema Heaven.
10,It's a character that shows the teacher's unadorned appearance. You left a deep impression
10,a movie full of emotion and lingering emotions
10,In fact, like Deok-gu's younger brother Deok-hee, I grew up under my maternal grandfather and grandmother.I couldn't stop crying every moment I watched the movie.I think it was a movie that reminded me of my grandfather who emphasized that the only bloodline is your brother Thank you for the film
1,This is the rating for adjusting the rating
10,It feels like I'm looking at my grandfather. Thank you, great actor.
10,It's a touching movie that I won't get tired of even if I watch it 10 times, 100 times, 1000 times. My eyes are really swollen.
10,ㅠㅠThe World's Most Cried Movie
10,It was so touching ㅠㅠ I cried my eyes outcrying
10,A movie I'm glad I didn't see in the theater.If you watched it at the theater, it would have been inconvenient because of the crying sound. That's how well the actors acted and it's a sad movie.
10,The whole time I watched it, I felt a bit overwhelmed. I really recommend this movie.
10,I love you, teacher Lee Soonjae. Stay healthy
10,It's not a movie that squeezes out sadness, but I admire the realistic and realistic acting of actorsThank you
10,It's my first time to leave a movie score. It's really touching. I think it's more touching because I think of my grandfather. Everyone, just watch it
10,It's so sad and touching  My eyes are swollen. You have to watch it
10,It's so sad and fun
10,I cried for an hour. If I were to pick the best movie of my life, I would pick Deokgu.
10,I felt sadder because the acting was so real and not awkward
10,At first, I watched it lightly, but I laughed and cried at Deokhee Deokgu's acting, and I remembered my grandfather who died when I watched Sunjae's acting. It was an evening where I missed my grandfather who had forgotten about the excuse that he was busy for a while.
8,It's obvious, but I'm shedding tears
10,I really cried my eyes out ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I've seen it a lot somewhere else, but it still makes me feel emotional. L
10,God Soonjae... Child actors are acting so well
10,God Soonjae... Child actors are acting so well
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen There's no scene where I didn't cry the whole time
10,Every line is so sad and makes me cry from beginning to end. Deokgu is so good at acting. As expected of Lee Soonjae. ㅠㅠ최고 You're the best
10,It's a touching movieIt's a movie with many themesLee Soonjae, please continue to act for a long timeI hope Deokhee's children will be good actors♡
10,My grandfather and grandmother are all dead.When I watch a movie, I cry and my heart hurts, so I don't watch it, but I just leave a rating
10,I suddenly feel itI should be nice to him when he's aliveI don't think I could stop cryingThank you so much
10,Lee Soonjae is a great actor and Deokgu is a masterpiece of the times
10,Lee Soonjae, I love youㅠㅠ You're really the best
10,Grandpa Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,I was so sad when Deokgu fixed the pierced socks.crying
10,I really enjoyed it. I'm tearing up
10,The first movie I watched while crying.
10,It's heartbreaking and Lee Soon-jae's acting doesn't disappoint.
10,My heart ached the whole time I watched it.ㅠㅠT
10,It was the best movie of my life. The acting of actor Lee Soon-jae and Deok-hee Deok-hee was the best, and I couldn't stop crying because I was immersed in the movie
10,Deokgu is cute♥♥
10,I kept crying until the movie was over
10,What a warm and beautiful movie ㅠㅠ
10,I had a hard time holding back the tears of a man from Gyeongsang-do
10,It's a movie that makes you cry
8,I like movies but I don't understand any dialects I don't know if it's because I only live in Seoul... I wish there were subtitles
10,It's fun. It's fun. It's funIt's fun
8,To be honest, the production and development were not good. It's too obvious. But acting is really a luxury
10,I don't remember the scene where I didn't cry for hours watching the movie
10,I watched it because I was emotional and immersed in itㅠㅠ Please continue to make good movies I will continue to support you I love you.
10,In the very beginning, it was funny because it was funny, but in the beginning and the middle, I heard about lung cancer and watched it closely, and in the end, even my friends who were watching from the side bowed their heads and silent...
10,Deokgu... Deokgu...
10,Thank you...They made a movie for me
10,It was a really touching movie
10,It's a touching movie. Until the end of the movie, it was not boring at all and made me sympathize. The actors' acting is the best
10,It was a great healing. It was a really touching movie!ㅜㅜ
10,The whole time I watched it, it was so heart-warming
10,You're the best!
10,I feel overwhelmed.  It's been a long time since I saw a movie that I sobbed out loud.
10,Lee Soonjae is the best
7,The pain of multicultural families is well expressed. The grandfather's grandchildren's love is touching
10,I didn't want to cry, so I thought about something else, but I cried.
10,This movie is not a waste of money just by following the emotional line. It's a really touching movie.
10,The touching movie is already complete with Lee Soonjae's acting.
10,Wow, look at the score. Awesome. No, it's really really great It's my favorite movie
10,This kind of movie needs to be popular...Top.
10,She's really good at acting like a baby girl
10,My heart is so ㅠㅠI'm sad... I watched it with my 6-year-old son, and he cried a lot
10,Oh, it's so sad ㅠㅠ Really
10,I was crying without realizing it.I recommend you to watch it twice. It's twice
8,It's obvious, but it's sad. It's as sad as the present in Room 7. I thought I wouldn't be sad because my grandfather wasn't there, but tears, snot, snot
10,Thank you for your great acting It's my first time using the GPA, but I'm not forced to cry at all
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
10,It's better than any provocative movie.
10,I cried watching a movie after a long time. ㅠㅠ Please make a lot of movies like this Directors
10,I'm reminded of my late grandfather. He died of lung cancer, and until a week before he died, no one in my family knew of his illness, and I'm so sad I can't stop crying...
10,It's really the best. I can't help but give you 10 points
10,Lee Soonjae, do you live for a long time?
10,I cried my eyes out. It's the best.
10,The movie that made me cry the most in my life
10,It's so good. Make sure to watch it
10,Why is it so sad? Because of actor Lee Soonjae's skilled acting, I watched it while crying. It reminds me of my grandfather in the sky. It's nice to watch it alone quietly at a movie houseThanks to you, I enjoyed the warm movie
10,I thought it was a real story, but it was a true story! It was so touching ㅠㅠ The scene where he hugged his daughter-in-law, Deokgu spoke eloquently in Ansan, and he cried while sending the children away ㅠㅠ Actor Lee Soon-jae, please act for a long time! Stay healthy! The kids were so cute^^
10,I need 10 points. My life movie
10,I cried from the beginning to the endcrying
10,From Lee Soonjae to the kids, your acting skills are the best.I cried my eyes out. (Now that there are more multicultural families) I thought maybe one scene from a movie could be a real story to someone.I hope it's a happy ending.Thank you for the good movie.
5,a quiet, watchable movie
10,I know it's a classic story, but I cried Grandfather Lee Soonjae's acting is so touching
10,It's the best movie ever His acting is really
9,I enjoyed the movie
10,I'm so touched... ㅜㅜ Stay healthy!
10,It was nice to be able to feel each of the main characters' perspectives vividly while watching the movie. I think I cried more than 10 times while watching the movie. It was a great movie!
10,Deokgu is such a fun, sad, and touching movie. There's no scene where I meet my mom at the end.It's a shame, but I think I should watch a lot of movies like this  Mr. Lee Soonjae, you're so amazing
10,It's so sad but funㅜ
10,The saddest movie of my life. Tears, runny nose...I sobbed from beginning to end
10,It is a sad and heartwarming movie. I remember my grandfather who died a lot
10,I recommend watching it alone. I'm tearing up after a long time
10,I remember growing up in my grandmother's hands even though I was not grandfather when I was young. It's been a long time since she died, but I'm crying thinking about her. Thank you. I think it's a movie that reminds me of how grateful I am to my grandmother.
10,Tears ㅠㅠ eyes swollen in every scene
10,I was so sad. ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, thank you
10,I cried for 40 minutes without lying
5,a full-length version of a one-act drama
10,It was a great movie Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,A movie that's good for your family to watch
2,The concept of preference for boys and culture is superficial, but Lee Soonjae's acting in old age is positive
10,Ah ㅜㅜ Actor Lee Soonjae ㅜㅜ
10,Tears well up at the end ㅜㅜ
10,For some reason, I feel like I'm thinking about my future, not my grandfather and father, and I'm so impressed that I can't stop crying when I think about that position. It's my first time writing a movie review, but I hope that men watch it
4,I barely saw you because of teacher Lee Soonjae. Why is the director Lee Mi-yang? I know that the character in Deokgu was good at acting, but the emotional scene was too intense here. I wish you'd shut it down. The scene where I met my in-laws in India was really cheesy.
10,A movie that people would ask if I ate and slept in the morning after watching it at night
10,A movie that people would ask if I ate and slept in the morning after watching it at night
10,Thank you. This may not be enough, but I think this is what I'm reminded of
10,It was a movie that made me cryThank you
10,I cried ㅠㅠ there are so many poor people
10,Deokgu, Deokhee, reminds me of my childhood
10,It is my first time crying after watching a movie.
10,A moving movie that is not made like a movie these days. It's Jinja Gamdong
10,I heard you know your GPA well, but I really enjoyed it.Although I am living a difficult life at a young age, I have a dream to become a big person and help people who live a difficult life I'd like to thank the directors and actors for making such a good movie
10,ㅠㅠ Very sad ㅂㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I know what it means to not give me time to stop crying.It's obvious, but I was so sad that I blew my nose on the towel
9,ㅠㅠ that doesn't give me a chance to stop crying ㅠㅠ It's a shame the end...
10,It's my favorite movie I recommend it!
7,I managed to see it. I was so glad that Deokhee's mom was a good person.
10,I am happy to see Lee Soon-jae's acting. I'm sorry that I can only give you 5 stars, please stay healthy.
10,Children act well and actor Lee Soonjae, live a long life!
10,Deokgu is so sad. Ppongpongpong hug
1,Every line says, "Did you eat?"" If you say things like, "Did you steal it?" and "Do this," it's really hard to get immersed. Aside from the Gyeongsang dialect accent, I can't concentrate without knowing the words that end with "me" and "no"
10,Make sure to watch a movie that you cried after a long time
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae. Live a long, healthy life!
10,Each scene is touching and heartbreaking.
10,When I was young, my grandparents were so big that I cried from the beginning and I thought I was going crazyㅠㅠ I watched it while taking out my tears and runny nose.I kept thinking about my mom, following my grandfather, playing with rocks, riding behind my grandfather's bike.It was a movie ㅠㅠ
10,I miss my grandfather and grandfather so much and miss them He's really good when everyone's here ㅜㅜ
10,Deokgu, Deokhee, I hope you are happy with your grandfather and mom for a long time I cried a lot because I looked like my family. I wanted to be happy like you
4,It's a waste of Lee Soonjae's acting... I thought you were watching a one-act play on KBS... The script is a bit... old fashionedness
10,I'm writing a review for the first time. Honestly, I teared up while watching it, so I thought it wasn't as fun as I thought, and as I moved on to the second half, I cried like crazyTeacher Lee Soonjae's acting skills are amazing. I highly recommend movies. I mean it I have no regrets!
10,When I see actor Lee Soonjae, it feels like I'm watching my father's live drama.It's not a role. It's an actor. I cried. I cried before my heart sank Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy!Please put on more acting. And the roles of other actors are perfect
10,It's so touching. I think the actors are so good at acting Lee Soonjae said, "Why can't I be a grandpa? I cried so much when I said, "Can't you be my grandfather even if you're the best?" And at the end, when Deokhee broke up with her grandfather while crying...I'm so sad. Actor Lee Soonjae, always be healthy
9,Deokhee... It's sad and so pretty
10,I tend to read the comments when I watch movies. It's the best movie of my life. It's a movie that touches my heart. Actor Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,You're the best. You're the best. Wow...
10,Really... It's so touching. I think it'd be good to pay for it and watch itㅠㅠ♥
8,I watched the movie without much expectation, but it was an ordinary but touching movie. Recommend.
9,I really enjoyed watching it. It reminds me of my childhood!
10,Thank you for singing my childhood nostalgia.
10,Deokgu is good at acting.crying
10,It's so touching!ㅠㅠT
6,It's too obvious. You can make 100 of these scenarios. The children's acting with forced touching stories shriveled up, and thanks to Lee Soon-jae, it could be a movie.Wandeuk, the Byeongeom king, is sentenced to a time limit and a one-line summary grandfather, and finds his daughter-in-law who chased him for his grandchildren.
10,Touching... Tears...
10,I really like actor Lee Soonjaeㅜㅜ
10,It reminds me of my late grandmother, and I feel sad from beginning to end.Whenever I watch a movie, I like movies that have a forced ending, but I thought it was a relief that it was the first open ending 합니다Thank you, Soonjae
10,Tears, runny nose... I just poured it out...
10,Child actors are so cute ^^ Lee Soonjae!  Thank you for your great acting!
10,Lee Soonjae's acting was the best, but the acting of the child actors was also very impressive and serious. I got so sad from the beginning that my tears and runny nose... It was more fun than I expected^^ Thank you
10,Oh, my
10,Ah, as if these ratings aren't a lie, this movie's masterpiece Deokgu is a great actor. The masterpiece Deokgu cries out for his name. If you haven't seen it, please remember your childhood and watch it 100 times
10,Thank you so much!
10,Although she is a strong woman who lives without knowing tears, she cried seven times for an hour and a half after seeing Deokgu. It's the movie of my life movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,I am so touched ㅠㅠ Just looking at actor Lee Soonjae's face is the best.
10,I've never used it before. I'm so touched. I keep crying. I still cry
10,It's such a touching movie.
10,If you don't cry after watching this, you're not a personㅠㅠT
10,A standing ovation for Deokgu!I was amazed by Ji Hoon's
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, whom I trust and watch!
10,If you have dry eyes, watch thisIt will heal you at once...
10,It's a moving movie.
10,It's been a while since I felt emotional ㅠㅠ A very sad and touching movie ㅠㅠ I cried.
6,It's a sad movie, but why can't I cry? I cried so much after watching Kim Seung Hyun's episode. It's okay except for the cringe-worthy acting of child actors
10,Lee Soon-jae's acting~ Deok-gu acted well at a young age and the story was touching. Deok-gu looks like Little Park Bo-gum! I think my uncle played the role of Lee Sun Gyun's son. I hope you grow up well and become a good actor like now ^^
10,It's really my favorite movie. Make sure to watch it
10,It is really my best movie.
10,A movie that reminds me of my grandfather
6,Before I was moved, I didn't know half of the contents because of the Gyeongsang-do ambassador, but it was new because I felt like I was watching a foreign movie
10,I'm going to leave a comment for the first time in my early 30s. I have to see this. I don't want to get 10 points I hope to see Lee Soonjae for a long time
10,It's not a waste of ten stars
10,There's no need for words Look ㅠㅠ
1,Adjusting because the rating is too high
10,It was a warm movie. Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy. I cried my eyes out
10,I'm giving Lee Soonjae a perfect score for his acting^^
10,Deokgu, what a warm movie
10,It reminds me of the old days. I cried a lot when I acted as a young Deokgu, and when I acted as grandfather Lee Soonjae.  It is a heartwarming and lovely movie. It's the best!
10,It's my first time crying and running out of breath after watching a movieㅠㅠ 이순 I think Lee Soonjae is really amazing. Child actor Jung Ji Hoon is also really good at acting.ㅠㅠ
10,I had a hard time wiping away my childhood memories and tears
8,I don't try to make you sad. It's sadder because it feels like we're acting in our daily lives
10,I cursed because I was holding back my tears
10,It's a movie that warms your heart and makes you sad at the same time. Thank you so much for watching it.
10,I cried a lot because it reminded me of the past.Thank you
10,The expression of joy, sorry, and relief shown in the tears when the grandfather who endured and endured welcomed his daughter-in-law with tears. He will leave soon, so sad and happy to see him express such feelings.How can I say? I just cried I felt a lot of things
10,It's my first time watching a movie while sobbing like this I don't know how many tissues I used I'm so sad, and all my acting in the story is one of the best movies in my life. Thank you for making such a good movie I'll spread the word
10,A heart-warming movie...I didn't even leave a single rating. This story is so good and touching. ㅠㅠ구 Deokgu and Lee Soonjae were so good at acting. I was so sad that I even hit my heart when I watched itMake sure to watch it It's a masterpiece♡♡
1,I'm bored...The score is too much.7 points are perfect
10,My heart aches when it comes to true stories.Thank you, Lee Soonjae
10,The plot of the movie is very similar to my childhood story.I'm a really strong person, so I thought I didn't get hurt, but it wasn't. I got a scab on the injured part, and this movie hit me with a scab, so I felt like pus was popping inside. Thank you very much.
10,I used up a tissue with my girlfriend.
10,Surprised by his acting skills. Tears welled up after a long time ㅠㅠ
6,I'm glad you're not a bad person
8,I thought of my parents a lot while watching it. Thank you.
10,They're not going to use the GPA.It's too bright, so I'll use itWhat should I do with my eyes?
10,It's been a while since I watched it while crying. ㅠㅠ It was the best
10,It's my first time crying while watching a movie It's the best!♥
10,I wasn't going to cry. It's obvious.It ended up ringing...
10,It's a movie that I don't regret even if I watch it. It's a movie that's not a waste of money. It's a movie that touches my heart.
10,I watched it without thinking, but I cried...
10,Who shed tears for two hours?ㅜ
9,I watched it with my mom and I cried a lot crying
10,I cried a lotㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, as expected! And Deokgu is really good at acting. He's a child actor that I really like! Best Movie of the Year
8,It was okay. I want to see you again next time
10,Family Month movie recommendation. Leave out the explanation
10,I cried the whole time. It's a common story around us, but I think it was an opportunity to look back on their pain
10,For the first time in my life, I leave a movie rating.I'm the one who never cries because I'm forced to.I cried my eyes out after watching this movie last night.It's a heartwarming movie where you can always feel the importance of the people next to you. Thank you for the good movie.
9,I enjoyed it^^
10,I was so moved that I remembered my late grandfather.crying
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, I hope you live a long, healthy life and see good movies like Deokgu♡
10,I really enjoyed the movie that made my heart ache
10,I cried a lotWhat Deokgu said in the police station scene... ㅠㅠ...Deokgu acted really well. I really enjoyed it
7,It's obvious, but it still lingers because of Grandpa Sunjae and the kids
10,It is sad. I strongly recommend it.It's Lee Soonjae's thumbs up  Thumbs up for child actors
10,It's really bitter.I hope you always stay healthy and show a lot of good acting.Deokgu. It's a really good movie.
10,I just cry a lot.
10,Really... Make sure to watch it I watched it while sobbing
10,I don't usually cry after watching a movie. Wow, it's really sad ㅜㅜ
10,ㅠㅠ The movie with tears in it ㅜㅜ The babies are so cute ㅜㅜ lovely ㅜㅜ
10,It's a really touching movie.I cried a lot thinking about my family ㅠㅠ Thank you for the good movie
10,It's so touching눈Teary eyes
10,Oh, I really cried a lot.I didn't expect it because it was an obvious story, but I couldn't help but cry because of the acting of the child actors including Lee Soon-jaecrying
10,I was going to go watch it alone, but I would have been in big trouble if I was alone. As expected of Lee Soonjae!  Child actor! I cried the most recently
10,Make sure to watch a lot of views ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Baby is so good at acting. I really respect actor Lee Soonjaeㅠㅠㅠㅠ I watched it with tears and runny nose ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Everyone, make sure to watch it ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I really regret it. If I don't see it, the part-timer is so sad and touching
10,I thought I was going to cry before I saw it, but...I cried my eyes out.
10,It was so touching.
10,I'm so touched!
10,Gonjiam? I like this spring!
10,I cried a lot because I thought of you ㅠㅠ Thank you for the good movie
10,Thank you. Tears ㅜㅜ
10,A touching film full of family's affectionate love
10,Thank you for making this movie
10,I just saw that my 7-year-old boy was in tears... L
10,Don't ever go with your makeup on.I cried my eyes out for two hours.
10,It's been a really long time since I felt this. The best!
10,When I was young, my parents divorced and lived with my younger sister and grandmother for almost 10 years in Gangwon city valley, and I cried a lot watching Deokgu.Grandfather Lee Soonjae's acting skills are the best!Now, I live with my dad in Incheon and I reunited with my mom 3 years ago. Grandpa and grandma, I love you
10,I'm crying... I'm so sad
10,There should be a lot of movies like this.   Rather than movies that are stimulating and urgent to show and attract audiences, movies that feel touched and sad by looking into these small daily lives are advanced movies.
10,I really watched the movie with tears.Thank you for making this movie.
10,I respect you, Lee Soonjae. I've learned a lot from you. I'll live a good life
10,Thank you, actor Lee Soonjae.
10,When I was young, I grew up with my younger brother in my grandmother's hand, so I was more touched and my heart ached. I wondered if a word we said in our childhood hurt her.I think it was better because it was based on multicultural families. I really enjoyed it
10,I really recommend this movie.It's been a while since I cried
10,I cried so much that my shoulders moved up and down after the present in Room 7. I couldn't stop crying even after I came out because I missed my grandfather so much. It's a movie that reminds me of my forgotten grandfather.  I respect and respect Lee SoonjaeAn unforgettable movie
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'm so sad. Your acting is so good
10,I can't help but cry Make sure you watch it
10,I'm still watching, but where did I see Deokgu's dad? He's like a kidnapper in the 20th episode of his youth
10,I miss my grandfather so much. I cried my eyes out
10,I don't know why this movie is ranked 30thㅜㅜㅜ
10,I was more moved because I remembered my childhood memories with my grandfather and grandmother in the countryside. I think the realistic part of the multicultural family and the acting of the characters are well harmonized. It's such a shame that such a good movie doesn't have a theater...
10,It's so touching. I cried so much The acting and the content are great♡
10,Soonjae is good at any role.The male character Deokgu is so cute.I want to bite you.
10,Tears and runny nose flow nonstop, but a smile is around the mouth.
10,It was so touching and heart-warming.  Make sure to watch it
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, two young children, ㅠㅠ and the role of mom, all cried because they were acting
10,Wow... I cried from the beginning to the end...Wow, it's really sadㅠㅠㅠㅠ I think it's the best everㅠㅠI'm worried about my work tomorrow.I have no regrets. Please watch it
6,LOL It's all goodBut the scene where you speak in the middle of the road looking for your mom seems like you're trying to squeeze out tears ㅜㅜ I'm breaking my emotions here and butterflies flying in the winter.
5,It's too bad that it's obvious.
8,Even if it's a common emotional movie... For Lee Soonjae who starred in no guarantee...
10,It's so touching. The preciousness and love of my family was conveyed, so I was very sad and touchedㅠㅠ Deokgu and Deokhee are good at acting and other actors are so good that I was more immersed and cried. ㅠㅠ It's the best. I've never seen such running shoes before. ㅠㅠ
10,The number of viewers on the 31st day of its release, 300,000 already exceeded 8 million. Are you saying that the Avengers are bad or not fun? I'm just sad that there's a good movie like this and you don't know it
10,Actor Lee Soonjae's acting. ㅜㅜ The movie is so sad
10,Without realizing it, tears are falling down
9,The kids are good at acting, too.
10,I've never written a movie score before, but I write it like this. I was moved and teary all the time I watched it. I heard that actors also filmed this movie with no guarantee, but it's amazing and it's a movie that you can't even count as money
10,My eyes are swollen 너무 I'm so sad
10,I cried from the beginning to the end ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, always be healthy crying
10,Wow, it was so touching.Tears...Grandfather Lee Soonjae is so good at acting
10,It was my first time to cry like this after watching a movie.
10,A night where I miss my grandfather. A movie that awakens the importance of family. A movie that makes you think about multicultural families again.
10,I'm touched. ㅠㅠ I'm sad
10,a heartwarming movie
8,Although she is a Shinpa, she is still warm and happy with her grandfather and daughter-in-law, Hae-hoo
10,I cried my eyes out. Deokgu...You're so good at actingGrandfather Lee Soonjae is very good.
10,A sea of tears ㅠㅠ
1,Why is the rating so good? It's really boring and boring
5,I don't know. I don't think it's a rated movie
10,It is the most touching movie I have seen recently.^^* It makes my heart warm
10,I criedㅠㅠ I hope there are many movies like this
10,I cried from beginning to end.ㅠㅠT
10,My heart feels numb. Grandpa Deokgu and Deokgu's acting was really great
10,ㅠㅠ The best... Really the best
10,It was the most touching movie in a long time I felt a lot of things while watching it Thank you.
10,I cried so much that I watched it at the movie theater.It's the best movie I've ever seenMy older sister Hantae recommended it to me and I watched it at home. It's sad and it's a really good movieA movie that I really recommend!I think Deokgu was more focused because he acted wellThank you so much
10,It was so heart-warming. I loved the moviecrying
10,The time to watch a movie went by so quickly and it was a sad and touching movie... I think it is a good movie that makes me realize the importance of my family again.
10,I cried a lot.
10,I think it's my first time crying from beginning to end ㅠㅠ It's so sad and touching. I think I enjoyed it a lot
6,It really shows what a new school is!
10,I sobbed in two parts, "I'm Deokgu Grandpa who makes me even if the world collapses" and "Can't I be Grandpa even if I'm the best?" I couldn't stop crying because I kept thinking of my father. It's the movie of my life movie.
10,There is no need for words. A movie that I want to recommend to people around me. I cried a lot after a long time. Thank you for making a good movie.
10,I've never seen such a sad and touching movie in my lifeIt really touches my heartㅜㅜ
6,Reproduction of the emotions of the new drama that I saw a long time ago
10,Oh, Lee Soonjae is the best ㅠㅠ...
10,I cried so much ㅠㅠ It was so touching The actors' acting is so good, too Deokgu, Deokhee, Grandpa!
10,Grandpa Lee Soonjae, I love you so muchㅠㅠ♡♡♡
10,I had a hard time wiping my tears and runny nose all the time.
10,The movie that cried from the beginning to the end
10,It's the first movie with a 10 point score. It's the best movie ever I don't regret it. It's so sad. I cried for the first time while watching a movie
10,OOO critics think that if you give them a low rating, they will look different
10,Is this what my mom, dad, grandparents love about us unconditionally?
10,I really recommend it.The first movie to be rated
10,I think I only shed tears all the time I saw it.I didn't even have 10 stars. It's the best movie since the movie
10,Look, just be moved and cry when you're on the street looking for your mom- seriously and watch.  I was sad and cried a few times.If you read this, just look at it and tell me. I'm not kidding. If it's not fun, curse at me. Really look at it
10,Two men cried while watching... It's amazing
10,My eyes are all swollen because I cried so much at the end. ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae's acting really made me cry
10,I don't know much about it, so I miss my kid. I miss my kidI tried it.It was a really fun movie.There are two children of Deok-hee's age, so I sympathized with them strangely, and it was so touching. The whole family, including my husband, watched it crying.
10,I was so sad that I thought I was going crazy. I thought I was going crazy because I understood the position of both grandparents and grandchildren. Grandpa, hold it in At the end, he cried after sending the kids off. He cried there
10,Wow, that's so touching
10,I'm touched. Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy
7,The acting is good and the script is good, but I was a bit disappointed because the connection and scenes were a bit awkward... But it's a good movie~~
10,It's so much fun.Lee Soonjae's acting is amazing
10,I can't put it into words
2,It's a movie that fits the TV drama "One Act" rather than the movie theater.
10,I cried a lot while watching it. ㅜㅜ The ending is a bit disappointing, but it's still the best!
10,I've never cried watching Deokgu cry so sadly.
10,He's shedding tearsㅠㅠ
10,I guess I haven't really learned the importance of my grandfather in 23 years. I get enlightenment while watching this movie. Thank you for being there.
10,I want to keep watching Lee Soonjae's acting.Take care.
10,When I was young, my parents were both working, so my maternal grandparents raised me. I remember it so much. I love you, grandmother, grandfather, this movie is not obvious and calm, but it is a life movie that is so touching
10,I kept crying while watching it. Maybe because I was able to relate to it.
10,Tears and runny nose ㅠㅠ It was so touching
10,I just keep crying. It's nothing, but I just cry
10,I love you, Yadong Soonjae.
10,My heart aches because I miss my grandfather
10,As a multicultural family, it was very touching. Many thoughts passed by. And I was very surprised that this movie is a true story. Thank you so much for the best acting!It's a movie that's not a waste of money!
10,Best movie ㅠㅠ No need to say much ㅠㅠ
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, Deokgu and Deokhee are so pretty. Heartwarming grandfather and grandchild story. Tears kept falling down from time to time because I remembered and missed my late grandfather.
10,I cried the whole time.I really enjoyed the movie
10,Soonjae grandfather is so touched just by looking at him
10,ㅠㅠThe first movie I cried while watching ㅠㅠI was sadder because I was a multicultural family and I cried until I heard the sound of a pig when my grandfather died soon because he was old덕Deokgu's role is so good at acting. Grandfather Lee Soonjae is the best
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot among the movies I've seen recently.
10,This movie will be watched by 10 million people.
10,I cried so much...It's so nice This kind of movie
10,I remembered a lot of my childhood that I forgot when I was 31. I cried a lot because I got choked up every 10 minutes.
10,I miss my late grandfather.After Bumon's divorce, I grew up in my grandfather's house on my mother's side.When my grandfather passed away, it was really... I miss you. I miss you so much.I wanted to say thank you.
10,This is a movie that I can't not give you 10 points
10,A movie that my family must watch together!I'm enjoying it every day. I didn't know, of course...I felt the importance and gratitude of my family!I'm so relieved ㅜㅜ
10,I think I cried a lot when I saw it.It lingers more deeply than any other movie. I miss my grandparents. I'm reminded of the phrase, "Be nice when you're here"
10,I was crying and I was looking for my mom, and I was acting as grandfather Lee Soonjae. My nose was running and I thought I was going to die. So bad
10,He's such a good actor I think I cried for 10 years ㅠㅠㅜ
10,Just as his father did his father
6,My heart aches for my grandfather who has no choice but to leave. But did I have to incorporate multiculturalism into it? Multiculturalism cannot be viewed favorably unless it is a love marriage.
10,I cried like crazy. I cried the whole time thinking about my grandfather
10,I've been crying ever since the middle of the movie, and it still lingers after the movie. I've never cried this much while watching a movie
10,I really liked Lee Soonjae and Baby Deokgu
10,Ratings. It's real. You can't miss it's a must
10,I'm so touched. I'm so sad
10,It's really sad. It's a must-see movie.
10,I cried throughout the movie It's so touching
10,Thank you so much for allowing me to watch a movie with great composition and acting in a long time I was so immersed that I forgot it was a movie. It was a movie that made me cry and touched my heart after a long time. It is a movie that makes me miss my grandmother and grandfather who died.
10,Grandpa Deokgu, I'm so touched.
10,If all the people watched this movie, ㅠㅠ Actor Lee Soon-jae is the best, but Deok-gu's acting is too much. ㅠㅠ I've never cried in such a child's acting ㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it
10,I kept crying throughout the movieI think it's a really sad and touching movie Actor Lee Soonjae and actor Jung Jihoon both grew up in acting. I think this movie was completed thanks to your acting This movie is great to watch in May as Family Month! I strongly recommend it
10,It's so sad. It reminds me of my grandfather
10,It's so touching꼭Make sure you watch it!
10,I've never seen a movie like this before. The kids are so good at acting and it's such a touching movie that I want to watch twice
10,I like movies a lot and I have watched many movies, but I have never cried in 27 years
10,Seriously... I think I cried the most this year ㅜㅜ
10,It's so sad. ㅜㅜ 잘 Thank you
10,Mr. Lee Soonjae is really cool.  Thank you for the good movie.
10,Personally, I'm so sad. Actor Lee Soonjae is good at acting and child actors are so good at acting ㅠㅠ I feel like I can't stop crying It's been a while since I saw this movie and it reminds me of my grandfather. I respect actor Lee Soonjae
10,I'm so touched by Grandpa Deokgu, Deokhee, and Veneta.
10,Lee Soonjae, I love you so much 최고 It's the best.No one will be able to follow Lee Soon-jae's acting.Thank you very much.
10,It's really sad, but why is it 15th? ㅠㅠ
10,I'm touched. ㅠㅠ You're the best
10,The movie is flawless. It is a natural portrayal of grandfather's grandchild love. I recommend it. ^^
10,I respect actor Lee Soonjae
10,I can only remember crying, but I can feel the warmth in my heart
10,At first, I thought it would be obvious, but it's never obvious. It's really touching ㅜㅜ Actor Lee Soon-jae is really amazing ㅜㅜ Thank you
10,I miss my grandfathercrying
10,It is the best Korean movie in recent years.
10,It is a touching movie. Lee Soonjae's acting is touching
10,I cried my eyes out ㅜㅜ how good you were at acting.
8,I felt the expected but unbearable sadness!
10,I'm sad ㅠㅠ 이순 Actor Lee Soonjae is cool
9,It was a very humane movie.
2,It's a waste of money to watch it at the theater
10,ㅜㅜ Lee Soonjae's acting is the best
10,I am a fan of teacher Lee Soonjae.The laughter and tears that I saw...I miss my grandfather even more Stay healthy. I love you
10,I feel sad. I cried all throughout the movieㅜㅜ
10,15 minutes after the movie started, I kept cryingIt's an indescribable movie I really... I don't need words It's a must-see movie I watched it while sobbing
5,I think the movie was cut in half.The last time the babies ran...The movie ended suddenly I blanked out wondering what it was It seems like a movie that ended quickly because of lack of production cost. So I'll give you half the stars
10,I'm going to leave a review for the first time in my life
10,Your acting was great. It was touchingcrying
10,It's too bad there aren't many theaters.When I was young, maybe because I grew up in my grandmother's hand, I could relate to it a lot and at the end, I cried a lot because I felt like I was seeing myself as a child Thank you.
10,Good job, good baby, good man, good girl
10,Make sure to watch this. I was so touched  ㅠㅠ This reminds me of my grandfather. I should be nicer to him That's what I thought. Actor Lee Soonjae, live a long, healthy life
10,Deokgu's child actor, Jung Ji Hoon, is really good at acting. Thanks to you, I was able to empathize from the beginning of the movie and cried a lot. I hope you do a lot of activities in the future.
10,My father is also 70 years old this year, and his ugly son can't even give him a puppy-like grandson like Deok-hee in Deok-gu, and it hurt my heart the whole time I saw him. In fact, my parents' days are 15-20 years at the most, but Deokgu, who lost his grandfather, is about to happen. I shed a lot of dry tears when I was 40.
10,It was a very touching movie Thank you! During the hard and difficult social life, you made a very comfortable and warm movie, so I watched it without knowing how time went by.
10,Deokgu's Deokhee acting is the best
9,It is a very moving movie that shows the bond between grandfather and grandson. Throughout the movie, Lee Joo-hyun cried and cried, saying that their acting is amazing and that they are so honest is his strength and weakness...Do you know anything? You should be honest with yourself
10,I always trust Lee Soonjae and I really liked this movie.I couldn't stop crying the whole time.All the actors' acting and roles were appropriate, so I was very moved because I was immersed throughout the movie.Thank you for the good movie.
10,I think this is a movie that you can't help but sob.I want to make you watch it once in a while
10,No words needed. The greatest masterpiece of this era
10,Make sure to watch it. Watch it again and again Lee Soonjae's acting is unbelievable Just watch it
10,I need tissue all the time.It's a crazy movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It was a good movie. It was a warm movie.It was a time to reflect on the importance of family.
10,I watched it at home because there was no theater, but I was more moved because it was a calm story I liked that it wasn't artificial It wasn't a waste of money
9,Those of you who say, "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god". I'm busy avoiding the war, but I cry thinking about my mom, okay?
1,I'm not going to make this into a movie.It's just a special drama.
10,I cried my eyes out because I remembered my grandfather who passed away after a long time. I don't have time, so I bought it and saw it, but I can feel the longing for my grandfather, so I can't sleep tonight. It melts in the warmth that I can feel when I see actor Lee Soon-jae, and it always makes me wet with tears. ㅜㅜ
10,The movie I watched with tears in my eyes...
8,He's an old man. Deokhee needs a mother. [Grandpa Deokgu] Can't I? Can't Grandpa do it? Grandpa can't be the best./ The child actor who played Deokgu, who showed good acting, needs to pay attention.Soonjae, please stay healthy and show us more acting
10,I can see why the score is 10 is so sad and good at acting.
10,I can't stop crying ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I cried for an hour and a half. It's the best work of the year. I like Hollywood actors and everything, but I like Lee Soonjae's acting. It seems like you are showing your life, not acting. Thank you for the great movie
10,I didn't cry even after watching Pandora. Deokgu's tears and runny nose are coming out
10,It was a touching movie from beginning to endㅠㅠ I kept crying The kids acted really well. Actor Lee Soonjae is the best
10,It's a movie that lingers in my mind.
10,You're the best, Deokgu!
10,I went to watch it with my friend and cried the whole time except for 10 minutes. ㅠㅠ Child actor, Lee Soonjae. Everyone was so good at acting that I was able to empathize and watch it. The best
3,Oh my God, this is a true story. I feel sorry for Deok-gu and Lee Soon-jae, a grandfather who works despite suffering from a lung disease
4,Am I the only one who feels like watching a human theater?
10,Please stay as a good actorcrying
10,I cry just looking at Lee Soonjae's face
10,I admire the acting of the actors. I kept crying because I remembered the time I was growing up. It's a movie that's worth watching over and over again.
10,It's the first time I've ever scored. First of all, I always respect actor Lee Soonjae The child actors were so good at acting. I had tissues the whole time I watched It's so sad and fun. My favorite movie was a gift from Room 7, but now it's Deokgu. It's so much fun
10,I'm tearing upI love you, Lee Soonjae. Stay healthy for a long time
10,I respect actor Lee Soonjae
10,The movie that I cried a lot while watching this year...
10,It's so touchingMake sure to watch it
10,Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it
10,Tears welled up in the morning.
10,It's a movie that reminds me of my late grandfather Sad and ㅠㅠ tremendous
10,It's a movie that knocks on the heart. It's touching!Lee Soonjae's great acting is great
10,Grandpa, I'll do my best It'sigh
10,I don't know why I watched this movie now It's the best movie for me I keep thinking about it and missing it
10,I really enjoyed it!"ㅜㅜ"
10,I cried the whole time I was watching crying
10,It reminds me of my grandfather when I was young.ㅜ
10,Real sobbing ㅜㅜㅜㅜ the best
10,It's a good piece of work! Recommendation
10,I cried my eyes out while watching the movie Home, and it seems as sad as that ㅜㅜ
10,It made my heart warm and made me think about my family again
10,Wow, like it's my life movie. Soonjae is the best
10,I feel a lot of the best movies...
10,I think I cried for an hour and 30 minutes Actor Lee Soonjae's acting is really amazing. I really respect you.
10,I can't explain how I feel in every minute. It was the best.
10,Make sure to watch it!ㅠㅠ Seeing Deokgu and Sunjae makes me want to live a hard life. ㅠㅠ I can't tell you because I'm afraid I'll give you spoilers, but I hope you watch it!
10,Grandfathers should never be beaten by their grandchildren for any reason. Whatever the circumstances of the family. The conclusion is that the daughter-in-law made her father-in-law's debt after many twists and turns. make a dramatic reconciliation with Grandfather Lee Soonjae will go to heaven easily. I wish you all the best
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae, please act healthy for a long time I'm so touched.
10,Thank you for watching this movie
10,I was so touched. A devoted family.
10,I cried for an hour and a half and my heart got so warm
10,I'm so sad. Actor Lee Soonjae, live a healthy and happy life
10,It was really good. I was also raised by my elderly parents and I was immersed in this movie.Then I became a 27-year-old boy and called my grandparents for the first time to thank them. It was a movie that I was thankful for. Thank you.
10,I can't even open my eyes because I'm crying and runny ㅠㅠ I love actor Lee Soonjae, who is so happy and touching
10,Lee Soonjae, I love you♡
10,It's a heart-warming movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,It's just crazy... Acting and storytelling... It's so heartbreaking
10,I watched it with my second daughter in elementary school.
10,It's so touching...ㅠㅠ I cried the whole time I watched it
10,There's not a single thing that's forced.
10,I've never cried this much in a movieㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,As expected, actor Lee Soonjae ♡ㅠㅠ I cried so much because I was sad
10,It's a masterpiece, so instead of saying anything, tears...I
10,I cried while watching while working part-time.
10,It was the most meaningful movie I've ever seen. A movie you can't watch without tears
10,I can't watch it until the end.Tears are covering my eyes and my heart is so heavy.Being old means coloring yourself with love and giving that love to the people around you.Lee Soonjae's expression makes me cry
10,When I try to stop crying, I cry again and it's like I'm watching it all the whole time
10,It was a funny and touching movie. I cried a lot even though I didn't have tearsㅠㅠT
10,I didn't want to waste my tearsLee Soonjae, I love you
10,Lee Soonjae, thank you for your great actingㅜㅜ 너무 It was so touching
9,My eyes are full of tears and runny nose. ㅠㅠ It was touching. I enjoyed the movie.
10,It's so sad. Deokgu is good at actingㅠㅠT
10,Deokgu is the best ㅠㅠ Crying. So sad
10,My favorite movie is the best ㅠㅠㅠYou're so good at acting ㅠㅠ You're the best
10,I cried the whole time It's the best
6,I like everything, but when the baby who did Deokgu was crying or crying, it's like you need subtitles
10,It can be considered an obvious story, but it is a touching family movie that anyone can relate to.I strongly recommend it! I strongly recommend it! Especially for those who have children or grandchildren.
10,It's so sad ㅠㅠ It's a touching movie
10,While watching such a good movie, I ate it up
10,I am sad from the beginning to the end of the movie.
10,As expected, actor Lee Soonjae ♡ Please act for a long time ♡ I lost track of time and watched itShe's the best! She's the best!
10,I cried my eyes out 15 minutes after the movie started. Actor Lee Soonjae's acting is amazing. Deokhee is so good that I think it's hotㅜㅜ I hope you watch it once in a while!
10,It's an hour and a half movie, but for an hour...It's so much fun and sad. It's amazing
10,I've never cried at a movie theater in my life, but tears came out for the first timeIt's an obvious story, but it broke my heart Actor Lee Soonjae, please be healthy and act for a long timeㅠㅠ Thank you for making such a good movie, from the child actors to all the actors and staff in Deokgu♡
10,I've never cried this much in a movie theater 이순 Lee Soonjae's acting was perfect and the child actors ㅠㅠ so perfect ㅠㅠ Thank you I cried my eyes out for the first time in a while
10,I shed a lot of tears~~
10,Make sure to watch it.  Look twice.  I cried so much that my eyes were puffy.
10,It was so touchingㅠㅠ What?
10,Crying and crying ㅠㅠㅠ이Lee Soonjae, please act for a long time
10,I went to see my mom without any expectations, but I was so into her acting and Lee Soonjae's acting that I had a hard time holding back my tears, so my mom who never cried after watching the movie with her handkerchief soaked in tears...Recommend.
10,I cried without tears.
1,This year's first movie that made me want to be on it.Deokgu is so rude that he talks back to his grandfather
10,Everyone who watched the movie is sniffling.I really recommend it. It's a movie that warms you up
10,My head was throbbing as I held back my tears.
10,It is a story that contains social problems of modern society and naturally makes you cryㅜㅜ너무It was so sad that I couldn't stand it. It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,You're the best. Soon Jae Ong, I love you
10,Our neighbors, our ordinary stories
10,It's a sad movie that makes my heart faint. It's a movie that anyone can experience in real life, but it touches my heart ㅠㅠ
7,The obvious story, the ambiguous ending, was a bit disappointing. But Lee Soonjae's acting is really good. It was a movie worth watching.
10,I want to watch it, but it is not shown all over the country, so I can't watch it even if I want to watch it at the movie theater ㅠㅠ I'm so sad...
8,It was so nice, but I think it would have been more touching if there was more ending. Thank you, Lee Soonjae!
9,It's fun. It's fun
1,Why are butterflies flying around?
10,At the end, I cried when I saw Deokgu's mom's scene Deokgu, thank you♡
1,This year's first movie that made me want to be on it.Deokgu is so rude that he talks back to his grandfather
10,A good movie to watch with children
10,Wow, it's the director of "King and the Clown". I'll watch it
10,I watched it while sobbing. I didn't expect to be this sad
2,I'm so touched. I can't get into it.
1,This is funnier than Shawshank? lol
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae, thank you always for keeping my heart warm.Stay healthy for a long time!♡
9,I cried a lot. I enjoyed the warm movie
10,Lee Soonjae, live until you want to live. I hope you continue to make a hit with acting
1,To be honest, over 9.5 is Eva, and 8.2-point is less than enough.
10,It was a warm movie I always respond
4,The acting of Lee Soonjae and the child actor was good.Just natural TV human theater is more interesting.A midwife who's forced to cry over an obvious story.Bored the whole time.
1,Why? Why is the rating so high? jQuery22403495358444038683_1524770860051
10,Lee Soon-jae's performance reminded me of my father throughout the movie.I can't stop crying and my heart bleeds. I'm glad I gave up the Avengers and chose to have experience and experience.Teacher Lee Soonjae, who is a true actor in this era, please show us your heart-throbbing acting for a long time.I love you.
10,It's fun. It's so, so, so, so, so
10,I cried a lot. My eyes are swollen after the movie. I was embarrassed on my way home. I had a similar experience as a child, so I was more sympathetic, and now even the dreary feeling at that time became a memory, and I felt like I was comforted by someone when I thought about it again through a movie
2,Boring, boring, clueless stories, burdensome and even more annoying to close up the face
8,I was bored while I was watching Every moment I got choked up, and that's how it ends, and I was looking forward to stormy tears, but it's not to the point There were a lot of people who didn't cry
10,I cried three times while watching this movie At first, when Deokgu said that he shouldn't be nice to him, he sobbed and cried. When Deokgu was looking for his mom, I cried because I was so sad. When Deokgu's mom came back, Lee Soonjae laughed at the end
5,I couldn't relate to it. I focused on the close-up scene and it was fun to see Lee Soonjae
9,I saw the preview. It's art. D-Park
7,The actors' acting was good, but...Cliché... Cliché...By the way, where did you cast your foreign daughter-in-law? She's good at acting, right?
10,My grandfather, actor Lee Soonjae, is really... I love you. Please show us good works for a long time.
10,Actor Lee Soonjae's acting skills for 62 years didn't rust either. ㅜㅜ
1,The rating needs to be adjusted First place on NAVER... Gukppong is here again...
10,It's touching... The audience here and there... It was a touching movie
10,A movie that lingers even after it comes out
10,I was able to relate to and relate to everything, and I was immersed in it from start to finish ㅠㅠ I cried a lot the whole time I watched it ㅜㅜ Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, and Deokgu's mom were amazing I wanted to recommend this movie to anyoneㅜ
10,I cried four times while watching it.It was a movie that I really wanted to watch. I really enjoyed it
10,It is a meaningful movie about multicultural families and grandparents. The great actor Lee Soon-jae's acting and the bright acting of child actors are excellent. I was touched by the calm.
10,A movie that wails loudly...I became a fan to the point where I wanted to meet Lee Soonjaeㅠㅠ100 points!
10,It was a movie where GFRIEND cries next to me and I reminisce about my late grandfather GFRIEND became Lee Soonjae's fan Always be healthy It was heart-warming
9,It is a really good movie because I think about people and my future when I am old. I was alone in the 170-seat movie theater. I cried excitedly by myself
10,A movie I've seen recently that doesn't waste any money. It's so fun and touching. Make sure to watch it.
10,The movie is so warm that it lacks 10 ratings. I cried so much at the movie theater that the person next to me gave me tissues.Make sure to watch Deokgu, everyone! ♥♥
6,Deokgu is really good at acting
10,Thanks to Lee Soonjae...
10,After watching a movie with my children, my second son said, "Mom's family is precious."
10,I cry from beginning to endㅠㅠ Totally touched
10,I think it's a movie that came out It's been a while since I haven't seen it in a while
1,My hands and feet are cringe-worthy. If it's not fun, you have to be touched. Grandpa Sunjae's acting life is long, but his dialect is so awkward. We don't use dialect that much in Gyeongsang-do.
9,It's a touching movie that can be seen with young children because it's a whole audience. Seeing the man in front of you crying, make sure to use tissues when you go to the movie theater! Get ready, clay
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is so good...?
10,I have to watch it. Just by looking at the preview, ㅜㅜ
10,Although dealing with goodness and innocence in humans on a screen based on commerciality can make them childish and boring, there was no shortage in capturing the importance of the family with a harmonious double liquor of fun and emotion.
10,I went to see it without expecting much, but it hurt when I came out of the movie, but I felt proud and heart-warming. It's a movie that teaches the importance of family as if it would be great to watch with children!
10,It's so nice. I have nothing more to say
10,You should watch a movie like this.If you're a human,
8,I watched it with my parents.I was busy wiping my tears.As expected, Soonjae is a reliable actor.
10,I realized how precious my mom is
10,I want to give him 10 out of 10 I got choked up!
10,It was so much fun and sadㅜㅜ
10,I cried a lot.I was so touched.Teacher Lee Soonjae, thank you for making this movie
8,It's a story about feeling the love of family...Watch it with your family^^
10,Out of all the movies I've ever seen, actor Lee Soonjae is really amazing
9,It was a movie worth watching.
10,In the scene where actor Lee Soon-jae appeared for the first time, his eyes and expression were already Deokgu grandfather. I thought you were amazing. And Deokgu, Deokhee, the mother of children, and even the people in Maeum were like them. It was warm.
10,I cried a lot. I didn't see the first part,
10,A heart-warming movie. Thank you.
10,I think it's going to be really touching. We're just around the corner.
10,I didn't watch the movie, but Lee Soonjae, always be healthy
10,I went there with my little son and I just cried my eyes out.Are you getting more sensitive with age?
10,The actor's acting skills and story are all good
8,That's great.
10,It is a moving movie like home.If there's a theater, it'll be 10 million movies ~~
10,Deokgu...
10,I didn't want to cry.It's a movie that makes you cry
10,It was a good movie!I miss you again
10,I recommend a movie that's warm and touching The best supporting actors and actresses of Lee Soonjae's acting, too It's not a waste of time
8,A movie that I trust and watch!
8,Lee Soonjae, you're the best actor. You're cool!
9,I hope there will be more theaters...bb
9,The last line of Deokgu's mother was very sad.
10,I don't understand why there are so few screens.It's really sad...
10,A movie that cries once and cries until the end ㅠㅠ
8,Nice. Lee Soonjae is making a movie
10,Deokgu, 10 points.
10,It was my first time watching a movie. Tears.                 What's wrong with this way? Has it gone viral yet?
8,Very good. I'm tearing up after a long time
8,You had a good time with your son
10,The movie that made me feel at ease and cry in a lot
10,It's a movie that taught a 9-year-old child the importance of parents!
10,I really enjoyed the movie. The movie itself was touching.
10,I'm so touched. :) If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it!
10,Why are there so few theaters? If I didn't watch it, I would have regretted it... It's so touching ㅠㅠㅠ Of course, Lee Soonjae was so good at acting as a child actor that I was more immersed in
8,Deokgu's mom~ ㅠㅠ She sniffles
10,I didn't even think about it.Tears...Actor Lee Soonjae! (Crying)
10,I really want to give 100 points, not 10 points.
10,It was fun and sad이Lee Soonjae is also good at acting!It reminded me of my grandfathercrying
10,I'm just so sad. Lee Soonjae's acting is amazing ㅠㅠ
10,What a good movie! I'd like to thank Lee Soonjae, the cast, and the director.You must watch this movie.
10,It's the best treatment for dry and dry eyes
10,It was a warm movie like spring.
8,I like it. Interest in today's event is increasing
10,It's the same as my son, Minjun It was touching Thank you.
10,Young-hoe, who gave a moment of warmth in the heartless
10,My name is ~! Even if the ending is expected, humor and emotion are the best. I hope your family can watch it together
8,I miss my grandparents
10,It was a really fun, sad, touching, and satisfying movie in many ways. Everyone's acting is really good. I cried the whole time I think I cried for an hour I really enjoyed the movie.
10,I cried 3 times and it was warm, touching and sad movie ㅜㅜ
10,It's so sad...ㅠㅠT
10,It's a very touching movie. My name is Kim Deok-guThe best scene
10,I was so sad ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It was a heart-warming movie that wasn't a waste at all, so it was great.
10,It's so sad ㅜㅜ...
10,I really wanted to watch this movie, so I waited until 1am and watched it. ㅠㅠ Money and time are not wasted at all It's been a while since I cried my eyes out Actor Lee Soonjae's acting is the best. Child actors are the best at acting. I just highly recommend this movie
10,I'm so sadI cried for two hours.
10,It's a really moving movie.
10,I cried a lot while watching it with my daughter. Actor Lee Soonjae, please act for a long time~~~
10,It was a warm movie that didn't go too far and delivered a message calmly
10,Watching the best movie is really crying all the time and it still lingers.
10,My daughter, my wife and I watched the movie together. Our elementary school daughter and I cried a lotI hope this kind of movie will be screened and there will be a lot of audiences Deokgu and Deokhee. They acted well and were cute
10,I recommend you to wear sleeved clothes.If there's no place to wipe your tears, you'll be in trouble
10,I'm going to cry a lot. The end seems a little vain, but ㅜㅜ But it was so good~~
10,My favorite movie ㅠㅠ! I cried my eyes out the whole time
8,Child actors are so good at acting  jackpot
10,It's an unforgettable movie. What's more surprising is that the production cost is 500 million won;;;
10,My heart ached with the blackness of the whole time I saw it.Grandfather Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, Deokhee. I think I'll remember him for a long time.
10,It's sad but touchingThe actors' acting is the best!Especially, teacher Lee Soonjae ㅜㅜ... Deokgu, fighting ♡
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,It's a sad, thankful, and heartbreaking movie
10,I haven't seen it yet, but I think I will cry already when I see the plot with teacher Lee Soonjae.
8,Personally, I cried because I remembered my father who died earlier this year.I was sad that butterflies were contrivedThe actors were the best.
8,Not only Lee Soonjae, but also the babies acted so well that I cried a lot
10,Watch the touching movie part of your life. Watch it once and twice!
10,I cried from beginning to endㅠㅠ I really respect the actors and cheer for them ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I hope Deokgu, Deokhee, Lee Soonjae, and Vanessa are all happy
10,It's a really good movie that I can't express in words.
10,Actor Lee Soon-jae and the little child actors were so good at acting that I kept crying and laughing. Thank you.
10,I cried a lot when I saw it. It's so sad and fun. Good
8,A humane movie that reminds me of my grandfather
10,It was so touching that I cried while watching it
10,I've never left a review in my life, but it's the best. I cried every time I saw Lee Soonjae in the middle of the movie
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is the best.
10,I was so sad...sobbing in front of one's girlfriend
10,It was cute, touching, sad, and I was out of breath as soon as it ended I couldn't make a sound and cried
10,Seeing Lee Soon-jae's acting reminded me of my father and mother. I'm so touched. I saw it together at the facility, but I have to leave a comment before writing the result report.
10,The movie is so sad. It made me cry
10,I think it's a movie that knows Lee Soonjae's dignity and saw the great potential of a child actor a pot of tears
10,I watched it by myself as if I had rented it without anyone else, but I sobbing덕I cried from the scene where Deokgu was practicing his oratorical speech. I suffered from dry eyes these days, but I cried a lotㅜㅜ I heard that adult actors filmed it with no guarantee. It was really coolThank you. It was a good piece of work.
10,It was better than I expected
8,It was such a sad movie ㅜㅜ Amazing acting
10,I think I spent time thinking about my parents and grandparents again and reflecting on myself in the movie. Thank you very much
10,I watched it with my girlfriend, wiping each other's tears. I didn't have enough tissue. Make sure to watch it lol
10,It was a heartwarming movie.
10,I feel sad and I can't explain it I remembered my late grandfather a lot It's a movie that will remain in my mind rather than a recent memory
10,Communicate a situation we don't know
10,I just came back from the movie theater and it was touching and reminded me of my late grandfather There's no difference in love between blood-wooksI respect Lee Soonjae I sincerely hope you stay healthy and stay here for a long time
10,From beginning to end. I cried. I remember my late grandfather and actor Lee Soonjae. The acting is really bigYou're so cool
10,It was really calm and touching
10,It was so nice. Thank you
10,I cried so much that I went to the bathroom to look at the mirror, and all the women's eyes were...Thump thump thump thump thump thump
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy I want to see your acting for a long time.
10,Just looking at the pictures makes me cry and even when I saw the preview. I'm going to watch it today♡
10,A movie that I really enjoyed while being sad
6,There's no difference in the relationship between blood and family
10,It was a good movieI watched it alone at night, but I cried and laughed without looking around
10,I personally really liked this movie
10,It was a movie where the last tear of the movie was flowing and I couldn't breathe, so I just went to my mouth and breathed away the tears.Not to mention Lee Soon-jae's luxurious acting, but the pure but realistic acting of Deok-gu and Deok-hee's young children seems to have opened their hearts. I was so moved that I came in~~
10,I just saw it. It's not forced tears, it's simple Shinpa.Angela's still in my heart
10,We all cried because of Deok-hee. There are five theaters near my house, but I have to go to the theater 40km away and watch it.But I really enjoyed watching it with my mother.
10,I'm so sad. Actor Lee Soonjae is the best actor and baby girl
10,Deokgu was more than I expected because it was touching and gave a lesson  I hope to see such touching movies for a long time. I strongly recommend it
6,It was fun. Soonjae grandfather
10,The tears that I've been holding back all this time fell at the last minute
10,I knew you were going to be sad, so I held it in, but I cried a lot. ㅠ
10,I've never cried this much while watching a movie Look at all of themcrying
10,Not to mention teacher Lee Soonjae, (G)I-DLE's acting was really touching It was a movie where I could feel the importance of family and communication Thank you for your great acting
10,I'm crying from the beginning. You're good at acting, too. I strongly recommend it!
10,Just watch it!
10,I started looking for movies when I was in middle school, and this is the first movie I came to give a rating after watching many movies. I started crying once in the middle of the movie, but I couldn't stop crying, so I watched it for 60 minutes while crying. Even after it was over, I cried endlessly...
10,Everyone is so good at acting...Please watch it
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, I respect you!
10,Don't look at it once. Look at it twice Look at it three times. Your tears may dry up
10,Lee Soonjae's acting reminded me of my grandfather Maybe that's why I cried my eyes out.I ask for your continued good acting! Thank you!^^
10,I love you, actor Lee Soonjae
10,GFRIEND cried all day long
10,It's been a while since I watched it well!
10,If you've been sad the whole time, to be honest, it's a lot more fun than Ram Page
10,I really wanted to watch it with my mom, so I went to watch it today.I remembered my grandfather who died of lung cancer, so my mom and I... I'm going to cry forever. I cried all day todayFrom child to adult, there was not a single acting hole, and I watched it without knowing how time went by.I highly recommend it!
10,The sea of tears... How can you be so sad if you cried so hard?
6,Grandfather Lee Soon-jae was so cool, the content was good, and the child who came out as a child actor was also a creepy actor, but what was disappointing about foreign actors...
10,Touching ㅜㅜ최고 Best
10,I cried even when I came out.ㅠ
10,It's an obvious story, but it's a heart-warming movieIt was so heartbreaking to feel the hearts of each and every character in the play, and it was sad to think of each other in the inevitable reality간I wailed for the first time in a while ㅠㅠT
10,I respect actor Lee Soonjae Always stay healthy. ㅠㅠT
9,I won't give you any spoilers. It's a bit disappointing at the end.  The director certainly could have made the film even more sad, but he made a different choice.  However, in the process of finishing it, I personally felt sorry for it.Lee Soonjae is definitely famous. He is the best
10,I thought it was obvious and watched it, but it wasn't a movie that made me cry, but I kept feeling overwhelmed from my heart.Later, I cried when I saw Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, and Deokhee's faces.It's my first time crying while watching a movie. ㅜㅜ Highly recommended.
10,Spartha the king of O'KING!
10,It's been years since I found out that tears are salty.
1,Don't make things like this. Phew.
10,It was really good ㅜㅜ Lee Soonjae, I like you so much
8,Thank you, Lee Soonjae.
6,Ha-Ppa! Ha-Ppa! Ha-Ppa!
10,I really recommend this movie. It's so touching ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
5,There was nothing I could relate to. Maybe it's because I don't have any memories with my grandfather.It was hard to concentrate because the dialect was weird as if it was not Gyeongsangnam-do뒤The person in the back was crying. Am I too dry? I cry a lot.It can be different for each person, right?
10,I can say it's the best movie of my life. It still lingers Actor Lee Soonjae, please act for a long time No matter how well they act, they cry, laugh, and they're the best! It's a movie that you won't regret. I hope you all watch it
10,I watched it with my mom, but there weren't many audiences, so I was embarrassed because when Grandpa Spring stroked Deokgu's shadow, I pulled out tears and snot and my mom sobbed
8,Sad and warm Deokgu's story
10,There's really no point for this except for 10 points It was the best movie I've seen lately
10,I can't help but cry. It's amazing
9,I cried a lot. I'm sad that we broke up because of misunderstanding.Since it's a true story...It must have been a hard time...
8,I remembered the memories of my grandmother and grandfather when I vaguely lived with my grandfather and grandmother when I was young. The movie Lee Soon-jae's acting was calm and calm as if he were flowing water
10,My life work... I love you so many fathers who poured their endless love and effort into their lives.crying
10,I usually don't leave a rating no matter how interesting I watch a movie. This movie is not a waste even if I give 10 stars. ㅜㅜ Just from beginning to end. I loved the children and teacher Lee Soonjae's actingㅜㅜ 정말 I love you so much Teacher Lee Soonjae!
10,I thought it would be obvious, but it made me sad
10,I'm so sad. Lee Soonjae's grandfather
10,The whole time I watched it, I thought of my grandfather Thank you
1,Korean style Shinpa... The score is too high
10,Deokgu and Deokhee are so pretty. I don't know if they're acting or not
10,The movie is sad. I enjoyed it.
10,It was a movie that touched my heart. I've never cried so much after watching a movie!
10,I watched a movie that touched my heart after a long time. Through the actor's acting, emotions were completely conveyed, and tears flowed out as the whole body shook. It's a good movie that reminds me of my family once again ^^ Well-made movie!
10,I love you, Lee Soonjae!
10,The acting of Lee Soonjae and the child actors!It's the best ㅠㅠ
5,As usual, the critic seems to be right
10,It's just the best! Tears are gathering on my chin
10,I don't remember well, but I think I cried about 14 times LOL I think about it a week later, so I search it and write a review I'm still getting emotional People who cry a lot, don't just look at it. It's hard to breathe
10,It was a movie that was touched by all the actors
10,All I could hear was crying.And so did I.It was great in every way. Thank you for the good movie!!!
9,Deokgu's acting has an indescribable sincerity.I still remember those eyes that screamed at my grandfather (Lee Soonjae)
10,Those who leave, those who send, sad stories...
10,Lee Soonjae, I love youㅠㅠ♡
9,Clumsy directing, but a definite message
10,It's a warm and nice movie. The actors are really good.
9,I think it was the first movie I watched until the end without dozing off
9,You're so good at acting. But if you didn't cry enough, you'd cry a little. That's it
10,It was a heartbreaking and warm movie after a long time!
8,I heard that actor Lee Soon-jae, who played the role of grandfather, and other actors who played the role of the local adult gods, also acted as no guarantee. I think you're amazing.It's a little obvious, so there are some parts that are boring, but there are some realistic parts, so I sympathized with it. I watched it with the kids.
10,The tree is sad in the middle ㅠㅠ
10,I was sad from beginning to end
10,Actor Lee Soonjae ㅠㅠI hope you stay healthy and live long. I love you♡♡♡♡
10,It was a movie that I trusted Lee Soonjae It was a movie that didn't waste money
10,That's nice. You can't keep up with the experience
10,I was so sad at the end crying
10,I thought I wasn't going to cry, but I'm sad. My middle school kid cried, too. The movie theater was full of tears. I understood your sadness. But I'm glad the ending wasn't bad.  It's not an irritating sadness. Make sure to watch it!
10,I really enjoyed it I wasn't that interested, but I was glad that I chose it out of curiosity I can feel it
10,I just watched the movie and called my grandmother and grandfather right away.ㅜㅜ
10,Lee Soonjae is a great actor
10,I really didn't cry while watching the movie, but I cried because of actor Lee Soonjae
10,It's such a good movie^^ I'm touched.
10,It was so touching and sad. It was so much fun
10,I cried a lot ㅜㅜ.. It would be nice to watch it with your family
7,I'm crying because of Sunjae
10,ㅠㅠ Can't help but cry ㅠㅠ Actor Lee Soon-jae, who I trust and watch
10,I thought I would cry because it was a sad story, but as expected, I heard sniffles from all over the place and left the movie theater after soaking up the handkerchief I brought. Due to the increase in multicultural families, the likely contents and actors' acting went well together.I feel sorry for the couple who decided to take care of meㅜ
10,It's a movie where you can feel the love of your family and the affection of your neighbors. The simple and realistic content warmed my heart for 90 minutes, and I couldn't help but sob. ㅜㅜ The actors' acting touched my heart so much!
8,It's fun. Watch it. A really fun guy
10,If you have any memories with your grandfather, I'm sure you'll be in tears.With this movie, I was able to look back on the socially disadvantaged.
10,It's jam-meet. It's lollipcho
10,It was really fun. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy. I think the child actors did a good job in moving acting.
2,I was a bit touched, but honestly, I don't think this score is right. When Butterfly is flying, the awkward gaze...ㅜ
10,It's too bigㅠㅠㅠㅠIt's fun
8,Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy
10,Awesome. I could only hear the sound of crying in the theater I was watching and I was flustered because I was crying. The babies are so cute and Soonjae is the best!
10,Seven-year-olds and 12-year-olds cried the whole time.
7,It was a predictable drama story. Still, it's a movie that shows the obvious well. The actors' acting was good and very sad.
10,Lee Soonjae's eyes make me cry ㅜㅜ Best acting~ Thank you for your good acting. Deokgu is the best, too!
10,Lee Soonjae, great actor. Always be healthy I want to act for a long time♡♡♡
10,I showed you my parents and they like it!
10,I really respect actor Lee Soonjae. The actor who plays Jung Ji-hoon in Deokgu is also amazing. If you don't watch this movie, you'll regret it
10,I really trust Lee Soonjae...
5,The finish was regrettable, but it was enough to cry. Rather than the story, the actor's acting skills rang out.
10,A sad movie from beginning to end ㅠㅠ
10,Please watch it. It is so touching and sad. ㅜㅜ It is the saddest and funniest movie I have seen in the past year ㅠ
10,I cried for an hour and a half out of an hour and a half
10,The actors' acting was very good and I was very impressed. It was so sad
10,I didn't know I had this much runny nose and tears.I'm discharged from the 756th Air Force, and I'm also a strong man, the movie that breaks down Deokgu. I'm really sad. I cried a bucket of tears with my girlfriend. GFRIEND cried a bit more
10,A movie that touches my heart.As a mother raising a child, tears ㅠㅠ
10,I haven't cried this much in years Deokgu fighting!
6,My wife cries all the time. Elementary school students come and cry together I heard that you trust Soonjae and watch it. As expected...
10,Lee Soonjae is the best ♡♡♡
10,I tend to know reviews well, but as expected, God Soonjae...
10,I watched it with my kid.It's like an animal.^^
10,I watched it with my grandfather. It was so touching and I cried the whole time ㅠㅠ It's a calm family movie, but everyone's acting is so good that their eyes are swollen.
10,I cried --; I cried a lot --; I cried a lot, too
10,It's a really touching and good movie. I just watched it^^
10,It's so sad.I like my grandfather.I can relate to this even more
10,I cried a lot ㅜㅜ Touching... It's a movie that made me think that I should give more.
10,It's a movie that keeps ringing softly. It's not a waste of tears.It is a must-see movie.
10,That's very directorial. We cried, too
10,My mentor Lee Soonjae ^^ Watching a movie made me feel so sad and cry.I sincerely hope that this moving movie will be diversified in time so that many audiences can watch it.
10,Why give him 10 points? It's so touching that tears flow down my eyes.It's been a while since I gave you 10 points. I highly recommend it.
10,It reminds me of my fatherThank you for making a warm movie
10,You made a good movie.I'm tearing up while watching it.
10,He acted well. It was fun and touching
10,A movie that will be fun and very sad and memorable
10,I'm tearing up while watching it. Make sure to watch it with your grandparents and children
10,(G)I-DLE's acting, story development, and directing are all good
10,I cried for an hour because I remembered the hard times I had in the past ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, I love you. Child actor Deokhee Deokgu is really ㅠㅠㅠ My tear glands are broken ㅠㅠ
2,It's not fun ㅠㅠ I can't concentrate
10,Make sure to watch it! To love life more and not to regret it. Look for ourselves!!!
10,A touching movie that makes me feel heartbroken...!!
10,I think I just cried the whole time I watched the movie.It was a movie that reminded me of my late grandmother.
10,The movie that made me cry from the beginning to the end
10,I feel so overwhelmed.Thank you
10,I went with my girlfriend on April 14th. It was a heartwarming movie that the whole family could watch together. I strongly recommend it!
10,I saw my boyfriend crying when he didn't cry Make sure to watch it
8,A movie that will warm your heart when you watch it with your family
10,The acting and story of actor Lee Soon-jae and child actors are touching. I cried my eyes out.
10,It was a sad movie from beginning to end.Hah!
10,I watched the movie with my kids, and both of them cried and felt emotional, but they enjoyed it.
10,The overall impression of the movie was so good, not just one part of the movie. I really recommend it! I really love teacher Lee Soonjae
10,I cried a lot...It's so touching
10,His presence alone made me feel both emotional and sadㅠㅠ I still have a lot of lingering feelings after watching the movie.
10,I cried all the time watching the movie.
10,It's the best. The ending of the new drama is similar, but it's really touching. Unlike some far-fetched movies.
10,I could hear the audience crying so much that I thought I was at the portrait house while watching the movieI paid to watch a movie and I felt that I did well for the first timeThis kind of movie needs to be successful, but why isn't it shown in theaters a lot?I wish you all the best~~
10,I watched it with my seven-year-old daughter. My daughter cried and I cried a lot while watching the movie ㅜㅜ It was a sad but touching time that warmed my heart! It's a good movie to watch with your children^~
10,This is real.ㅜㅜ I miss you grandpa I'm glad it's not a sad endingㅜㅜ
10,It's the night I miss my grandfather.I cried a lot
8,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae ㅠㅠ Please act for a long time
8,I'm not so into it but overall, it's so touching
10,It's not a waste of money. I really enjoyed it Lee Soonjae, I hope you continue to act in the future
10,Watch it with Deokgu's family
10,The touching movie, Lee Soonjae's acting and the acting of the child actors were beautiful
10,You're the best!
10,I watched it with my mom.I was so touched with joyous sadness.Everyone in the theater was crying.The tears that burst in one moment just kept flowing.His emotional acting is amazing, too.It's a good movie. I never regret it
10,It's so much fun!
10,Lee Soonjae is the best actor. ♡ I got in trouble holding back my tears~♡
10,I watched a movie with my husband crying after a long time. I highly recommend it as a family movie!!!
10,I'm touched. Deokgu ♡
10,When we watched this, we went to see each other proudly, and when the movie turned on, we burst into laughter after seeing each other's teary facesAfter the movie, I kept getting emotional thinking about the scene I love actor Lee Soonjae and his acting as a child actor is perfect
10,It's so sad ㅠㅠ 곤 Look at Deokgu more closely than Gonjiamcrying
10,My boyfriend cried 10 times next to meㅠㅠ 20 times for me
10,I miss my parents I booked it and both of you cried a lot.crying
10,When the Indonesian wife said to her grandfather, I sympathized with what my mother used to say to him, so I couldn't stop crying from the middle and the second half of the movie.
10,I'm crying so much.
10,I watched it while shedding tears and runny nosecrying
10,Everyone's good at acting I shed a bucket of tearscrying
10,I watched a heartwarming movie  Lee Soonjae, thank you always. Stay healthy^^
10,It's like a wave of emotion... maybe it's someone's story, maybe it's our story...Because it was Lee Soonjae grandfather, only Lee Soonjae grandfather could act.
10,I haven't seen it yet, but I'm sure there's a son like that around us, so it's a shame
8,I respect Lee Soonjae's passion for acting
10,This movie is really the best.
9,It's been a long time since I felt the emotion in my heart.I saw it on Thursday, but it seems a bit harsh to see it once a day.Showing such a good movie...I don't think so
10,I kept on choking on GFRIEND rarely cries, but I keep crying and with the person next to me, it's almost like a battle of tears.I'm upset that I don't do it a lot at the movie theater. Make sure you watch it. Make sure you...
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, who you trust and watch...!! ㅠㅠ Deokgu is so cute too ㅠㅠ I'm so sorry for your acting money ㅠㅠ Watch it three times after watching it!
6,Can I see my daughter who is 9 years old in elementary school?jQuery224028819178993024885_1523691861293
10,It's a sad movie about familyㅠ
10,It was a movie that made me sad from the beginning to the end ㅜㅜ
10,Sadness after the movie ㅜㅜ
10,Movie fun, touching, and tears that are not a waste of money
10,I cried the whole time~~ㅠㅠ
8,Actor Lee Soonjae acted as a child actor well and cried at the end. It's been a long time since I cried at a movie
10,Thank you always for great moviesㅠㅠㅜ
10,Don't comment. Let's see!All you have to do is watch, feel, and be thankful for the great acting!I'm just thankful that I'm living in the same era where I can see actor Lee Soon-jae's acting!
10,I cried in front of my girlfriend for the first time.I held it in for five times and cried three more times when I cried You're the best!
10,My mom doesn't stop crying...
10,Our grandfather was seen by actor Lee Soon-jae
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie like a movie crying
10,86 out of 91 people cried. a wordless film
10,It was a good movie with love
10,an unadorn story I couldn't stop crying at the thought of my late grandmother.  Thank you, actor Lee Soonjae.
9,A heart-warming movie...
10,My heart was really touched and I couldn't stop crying because I was raised by my grandmother.
10,I kept crying while watching it. It's not flashy but heartwarming.
10,A movie with 100,000 points. It's not a part-time job. It's real.
10,It's really Jo-O-ta. Really
10,This is the first movie I've almost cried since I got home
9,It's obvious, but Lee Soonjae's acting made me cry
10,Wow, I was so touched after watching this movie. When I first went to the movies, I thought it was not fun because there was no one, but I don't understand why there were no people! It's touching and I think it's a good movie to watch both parents' and children's thoughts!! I really recommend it♥
10,It's the grandfather version of "Home". I hope Lee Soonjae is healthy and I want to see him acting for a long time
10,I love you, Lee Soonjae
10,ID Jangkwang, ID Lee Soonjae, I love youHah!
10,Lee Soonjae is so cool and Deokgu is so good at actingcrying
10,The best movie I've seen this year a movie that comes to mind
6,It's obvious material and predictable story, but I like this kind of movie, and there's definitely a sloppy, over-the-top settingI like this movie, which reminds me of the name Deokgu when I smoke a cigarette after leaving the movie
8,From the beginning to the end, I watched it with tears and runny nose. It was a movie that reminded me of my grandfather, grandmother, mother, father, younger brother and family.
10,Deokgu cried a lot while watching it ~ Thank you The acting of Lee Soonjae and middle-aged actors is...There's no need for words
10,10 points. No, 100 points
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae, live a long life ㅠㅠ Deokgu and Deokhee are really good at acting.
9,It's a movie that captures both emotion and fun!
10,It's so sad ㅠㅠ It's the saddest and most touching movie I've ever seen
10,ㅠㅠ My heart is healed and sad again ㅠㅠ
10,Babies are great at acting, too!Lee Soonjae is the best too!Good, good. Make sure to watch it!
10,I went to see it, but there was no one there.How did this happen? If I die without seeing Deokgu, I'll regret it.
10,It's the best movie of my life movie I really recommend it Make sure to watch it! Don't forget to bring tissue because it's so sad. It's a masterpiece!
10,A movie that makes me want to see my grandfather.The movie made me feel the love of my grandfather.A movie that was not a waste of money.
10,Aside from the obvious, it was a sad movie that you would miss someone at least once crying
10,10 points is not enough. It's filled with tears and runny nose.Make sure to watch it. If you don't watch it, you'll regret it even if
10,It was the best movie
10,It was a movie that made my heart flutterㅜ
10,I respect actor Lee Soonjae so muchㅜㅜ I cried at the theater.
10,All actors under Soonjae hyung are the best
10,I cried from the beginning to the endcrying
10,The movie touched my heart Lee Soonjae, thank you
10,The harmony of the passionate performance of Seong-gu beyond Deok-gu and the emotions derived through him is beautiful
8,The moment I see it, I feel sad.
1,Why doesn't CGV have Deokgu's movie theater? Why does CGV have Deokgu's movie theater reduced or not? Why doesn't Deokgu show only CJ or big company filmmakers' movies?
10,It was a movie that moved my emotions
10,The high school students who seem to be good at fighting can't get up after the movie and are crying.That's Deokgu.
10,It was sad but very touching
10,You cried so much.He's really good at acting I strongly recommend...
10,Deokgu! It was a good movie.
9,Deok-gu acted well throughout, so I felt sorry for Deok-hee's supposed behavior and acting, and I cried with the sympathy and acting of Deok-gu Grandpa's old age. Still, I cried with the calm eyes of justice and their acting.I want you to look at the role of nurses in community connections. I'm touched!
10,It was so touching I was surprised because the kids acted so well
10,I was moved. I remembered the old memories and felt the same way Thank you for allowing me to watch such a movie
10,I want everyone to see it.
9,It is a heartwarming and touching movie that reminds me of my grandfather, grandmother, and parents in my hometown. I watched it with my girlfriend. I held back my tears but I couldn't help it ㅜㅜ
10,A movie that only makes me cry...
10,I think I cried and had a runny nose from the start running
10,I enjoyed watching Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, and Deokhee's warm story
10,Actor Lee Soonjae. It's the most.It was a warm movie. Your actions, eyes, and tone... I can't stop crying
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, it was so touching ㅜㅜ
10,It became my life movie. Thank you, actor Lee Soonjae. Thanks to you, my heart got warm again
10,Do you think I can't watch a movie as touching as Deokgu's? ㅠㅠ♥?I cried so much that my nose was stuffy, so I caught my friend and cried I came home and explained the movie to my mom. I cried alone. Actor Lee Soonjae's acting is so goodㅠㅠ They're all so good at acting, and I'm on my way to work because my eyes are swollen
10,It was a really touching movie~Thank you for watching. Thank youActor Lee Soonjae and child actor are the best~It's a beautiful true story that makes me tear up even though I wasn't going to cry~I want to be like Mrs. Jung in the dramaA warm person who knows how to look back on others. The best movie
6,A family movie that touches your heart. That's it
10,When I first heard Deokgu, I thought it was a dog's nameWhen I saw the second poster, I thought the name of Sunjae Grandfather was Deokgu.After watching the movie, only Deokgu remained in my ears, and I think I kept crying throughout the movie.It's obvious, but it's obvious, so it's more realistic. It's a sad story that touched my heart.
10,I cried because I understood how grandfather and grandson felt.
8,It's so sadㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I don't know what to say about the middle-aged actors' acting, but the fielders can't keep up But the story was very warm I cried a lot
10,I couldn't stop crying even after the movie was over and I cried while talking about the movie.
2,Lee Soonjae vs Song Hae
9,I enjoyed watching it. I think it's possible because it's Lee Soonjae
10,It's a good movie to watch alone
8,Lee Soonjae ㅜㅜ is really different
10,I cried for 3 hours I cried again because of actor Lee Soonjae's acting ㅠㅠT
10,Actor Lee Soonjae ㅠㅠ I love you crying
6,If an old man and an animal, a cow, are crying and runny, and an old man and a child are not sad, it's abnormal. If you want to force yourself to cry, look. I think it's just a good one-time killing time tear movie. The sad movie of our country that is always in place all the time
10,Both my boyfriend and I cried so hard
10,Deokgu sounds fun. I think he will be very sad. I respect Lee Soonjae grandfather.ㅠ
8,Not to mention actor Lee Soonjae, the child actor was so goodcrying
10,I cried the most crying
10,I respect actor Lee Soonjae.It's obvious, but I can't stop crying.
10,30 minutes out of 90 minutes. I'd like to express my respect to actor Lee Soon Jae-dae for acting in a way that is not obvious
10,Deokgu's acting is crazy...I shouldn't have cried when I watched it with God, but I think I cried five times in between ㅠㅠ"Duckoo, if you hold back your feelings, you'll get bruises on your chest." I can relate to that The scene where you speak eloquently when you look for your mom is really... Make sure to watch this movie I strongly recommend it!
10,Awesome acting ♡ actor Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,I cried from start to finish. I thought of my late grandfather a lot Thanks to the good movie, I enjoyed it
10,Deokhee, stop playing the floor...
10,It was so much fun. It was so good that I didn't think it was a waste of money. I cried a lot with my friendcrying
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie I cried throughout the movie.
10,I strongly recommend movies that you can't cut without crying
10,It's so touching and sad ㅠㅠ 감사 Thank you ㅠㅠ It's nothing ㅠㅠ
10,I think only masters of acting are here!I really enjoyed it.
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family.
10,I cried a lot. I grew up under my grandmother, so I can relate to her more and feel touched. ㅜㅜ Actor Lee Soonjae is so good at acting, and the movie that I didn't squeeze... I really recommend itㅜㅜㅜ
10,Is Grandpa Lee Soonjae healthy for a long time? Thank you for the great movie
10,Throughout this movie, I couldn't hold back my tears and runny nose. The director and actors did a great job.Thanks to you, I enjoyed the movie deeply! ^^
10,I really respect teacher Lee Soonjae. It's been several hours since I saw it, but I keep crying
7,The development was a bit boring ㅠㅠ It's a lot more fun to go home
10,A movie that won't let go of my emotions even after it's over.
10,Maybe it's because I grew up in my grandmother's hand, but it's gotten even bigger Deokgu's movie should be rated 100 points
10,I love you. Thank you
10,Don't go with a flirt.You'll never see tears and runny nose.I sincerely hope that these movies will increase the number of theaters and become popular.I'd like five people, including me, to spread this movie at 10:45 this morning.
10,What do I need to say?Why am I crying from the first scene?
10,Why are there so few places where this movie is showing? ㅠㅠ I really enjoyed it Teacher Lee Soonjae is healthy. Thank you for your great acting
10,I really enjoyed itㅠㅠ It's been a while since I cried...
10,I cried like crazy a must-see movie
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is so good at acting. Child actor Jung Ji Hoon is so good at acting. It was so touching
10,I cried at the endIt's a warm movie that makes me think about the importance of my familyI hope you have a long run
10,I didn't want to see Sinpa.I cried from beginning to end ㅜㅜ Even now, I'm choked up
10,Ten minutes into the show, a sobbing audience appears and begins...
10,A movie that people who cried after watching "Along with the Gods" want to watch. Well-made. Actor Lee Soon-jae and actor Jung Ji-hoon should pay attention to. I was able to feel the emotion beyond generation.
10,It's sad but it's full of love
10,That's sad. As expected, Lee Soonjae is an actor^^ The babies acted well, too!
10,I kept watching a sad scene in the middle, and when I tried to stop crying, it came out. I held back my tears from the lines. For your information, I watched everything. For your information, ex-boyfriend and girlfriend's eyes were swollen
10,I don't regret it. It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,I had a great time with my child.Mr. Lee Soonjae is so cool!
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie like a movie It's a heartwarming movie! Make sure you watch it ^^!
10,It was so sad...ㅜ
10,It was a very moving movie.
2,Why is it not shown on CGV?
10,I hope you watch it while you buy a movie that doesn't need words
10,It was a movie that made my heart warm and healed  It was so nice to be able to shed tears that melted my heart  Honestly, I reserved the ticket because Lee Soonjae is the main character, but he's an actor~ Thank you for always being with us~*^^*
10,Don't judge based on the score. Just look
10,Actor Lee Soonjae...Thank you for your great acting.
10,From the beginning to the end, I cried so much.Farewells come suddenly, but I was sadder because it was something I would go through someday. It wasn't a waste of money. I really enjoyed it
10,A movie that's touching enough to cry for an hour
10,Why? I just saw the comments. Are you crying? If you watch this movie, there's a flood of movie theaters.I'm going to watch it at home.Because I'm the one who cries a lot.Grandma, be nice to Halbe
10,I watched it with two high school seniors.  We were wiping each other's tears without looking at each other while wiping...
10,Why is this fourth place? Wind wind wind wind and Gonjiam got first place, but Deokgu got fourth place?LOL If you want to throw away the money in your wallet because it's too dirty, watch the wind and wind, and if you want to see the touching movie, watch Deokgu.
10,I cried a lot because my heart was sad and my heart got warmer
10,Deokgu is the first movie that I watched while crying from beginning to end of the movie, and actor Lee Soon-jae, thank you for your acting that is never a waste of 11,000 won.
7,The story of a sick grandfather who loves his grandchild. My mom and dad cried together, I cried, the person in front of me cried, and the person behind me cried LOL Back and forth, sniffling
10,Among the movies I watched recently, I cried and had a runny nose. As a man, I didn't have enough tissueㅜㅜ Once again, I think I should treat my parents as well as I can when they are alive!!I respect Lee Soonjae
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is really... I cried a lot with my younger brother. I think I cried the most this year It was so touching
10,A movie that makes me miss my grandmother and grandfather
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot. I'll keep it in my heart Thank you!
10,It's so touching!!!
10,I'm going to my eyes.It's a movie that makes me sad!
10,Ironically, it's a completely different environment from mine, but I don't know if it makes sense to empathize, but every scene, a part of my life passes by like a flash, doubling the emotion! I don't know what you mean, but it's fun! Just look at it for now
10,It was the most fun and touching movie I've seen recentlyㅠㅠT
10,Why is the eyes of actor Lee Soonjae crying while watching the movie? I was so moved by the movie.
10,Deokgu and Soonjae's acting is amazing
10,I cried a lot when I remembered my late grandmother.
10,It's a good movie to watch when you want to cry. Deokgu's unexpected ambush
10,It's been a long time since I've cried since the beginning and the middle of a long time. I love you, teacher Lee Soonjae.
10,Deokgu is so cute~Touched~~~
10,I cried for 40 minutes.
6,It's too high. The rating is... The part where reality naturally melts well is "Finding your mom" about 30 thousand miles. The story is obvious. It's a bit embarrassing to bring a handkerchief because he's so sentimental. Not enough to watch a movie.
10,It is a movie that makes me think a lot.The child actors and actress Lee Soonjae's acting made me cry so much that the mascara smudged.You're the best. Actor Lee Soonjae, please stay healthy and stay with us for a long time
10,I really enjoyed itIt's the best movie everMake sure to bring a handkerchief
10,be not a waste of moneyㅠㅠT
10,The movie that made me laugh at first and cry at the end. I was so immersed that I didn't know how an hour and a half passed. It's fun, touching, and I highly recommend it!!!! It's the best movie I've seen recently
10,I hope everyone can watch it at least once
10,It made me want to cry because it made me want to cry. "I'm not crying!" I tried my best to hold it in, but ended up sobbing. Is there anything else like "Deogu," a movie that I can watch with my family on the occasion of Family Month Of course, it would be better if I could see my grandfather and grandmother
10,Lee Soonjae is a natural actor, and Jihoon is also such a great actor. ㅠㅠYou'll be in trouble if you don't take tissues. Take tissuesㅠㅠT
10,ㅠㅠ I went to watch it with full makeup and it came out without makeupNot to mention Lee Soonjae's acting, I didn't know that a child actor would shed tears like thisㅠㅠ It is a warm sad movie rather than just sad. I hope there's more theaters.crying
10,I watched it with my momIt's so touching. You shed tears
10,I'm going to pack up and visit my grandparents in my hometown tomorrow.
10,A movie that makes me sad ㅠㅠ I cried with my friend after a long timeㅠㅠ It's so sadcrying
10,I cried my eyes out. ㅜㅜ It's been a long time since I cried this muchOn my way home, I kept feeling sad. I'll see you again
10,I was moved throughout the movie.And Jung Jihoon and Park Jiyoon are so good at acting and so cute ㅜㅜ
10,He's so good at acting! Top
10,Make sure to watch it. I cried a lot
10,It was the best movie in my life Deokhee is cute, too.
10,It's been a long time since I last saw a movie about moneyㅠㅠㅠㅠ I didn't get a discount, so I grumbled before going in, but I got healed
10,"Can't I be the best grandfather?" A movie that touches your heart
10,I remembered my grandfather who died of lung cancer. Although she is a daughter-in-law, she especially cared about her mother like her daughter. She also remembered her grandfather and cried a lot.Grandfather Lee Soonjae, your acting skills are amazing!People around me who are old...Thanks to you, I had a good date with my mom^^
10,Lee Soonjae is a living master actor. I respect you. Stay healthy
10,Wow, you have to watch the movie that made you cry the most in your life
10,It's the best Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠ
9,I kept crying at the heart-warming scene. The actors were very good. ㅜㅜ
10,I got rid of all the tears and runny noseㅠㅠ You're the best
10,I cried my heart out.
10,I've never done this before, but as soon as I saw the movie, I wanted to give 5 stars and 50 million hearts. Actor Lee Soonjae, I hope you can continue to do a lot of good dramas I respect you so much
10,The ratings were so good that I watched it. It was a movie that healed and warmed my heart It's too bad that I'm already getting off at the movie theater ㅠㅠ I'm grateful that I watched a good movie after a long time
10,The movie is so touching. It's the best!
10,It sounds like an obvious story, but it's not forced tears, but I can't be a grandfather if I'm good to her.
9,It was a very touching and relatable movie. I'd like to recommend that you watch it with your children, especially those who live with your grandparents
8,I love you, Sunjae. ㅠㅠ
10, star
10,I was sad because I could see my heart in every scene.
10,It wasn't like a movie, but it was a good movie
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I cried so much that my eyes hurtㅠㅠ명 It's a masterpiece I'm going to show my parents.crying
10,I cried from beginning to end of the movie. My eyes hurt so much afterwards ㅠㅠㅠIt was so much fun...
10,I watched it while sobbing with my mom It touches my heart^^!
10,Story, development, acting...There's nothing missingIt's been a while since I watched a movie.m. movieIf you're thinking about it, look We recommend it. ^^
6,I cried a lot at the thought of my grandfather's death, but the ending was so... That's not sincere...
7,My name is Kim Deok Gu. I cried a lot at the little boy's emotional expression I was so touched by actor Lee Soonjae and Deokgu. I was so warm
3,I should have named it Vanessa, not Deokgu. Because of the rich people who invest in these movies, Korean movies cannot develop. I cry because of my choice swayed by capitalism. I'm sure the person who writes this kind of scenario went to college, right? The number of universities in Korea should also be reduced.
10,It was a movie that was so precious to me. ㅜㅜ I loved it
10,I was so sad when she cried because she was the last daughter-in-law of Lee Soon-jaeㅠㅠ I'm still feeling itMake sure you watch it. You won't regret it
10,Make sure you watch it. You never regret it
10,It's my first time getting a GPA. I usually don't cry while watching the movie, but I cried three times. It's such a touching movie I really recommend it!
10,It's been a while since I watched it while crying. Recommend.
10,It was so touching and Deokhee Deokgu's acting was impressive
10,Lee Soonjae, I love you♡♡♡
10,You were born in 35 years. ㅠㅠ Soonjae, I really respect you ㅠㅠ Stay healthy until the end of your 100-year-old life!
10,I'm so touched. I got in trouble for wiping my tears
10,I cried my eyes out. People who lived with my grandfather when they were young can relate. You're the best
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, actor Jung Ji Hoon, and actor Park Ji Yoon. Their acting was really good.
10,A movie that is touching movie.I hope you watch it
10,Actor Lee Soonjae. (G)I-DLE's true love
10,ㅠㅠ스토 The story wasn't probable, but the baby and actor Lee Soonjae's acting skills carried the story
10,It was a touching movie. I had a hard time holding back my tears
10,I was sad. ㅠㅠ I went to watch it with my mom, but it was nice!
10,It's been 10 minutes since we started wailing. Make sure to watch ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I think of my grandfather or father a lotcrying
10,I really don't leave a lot. Deokgu is the best. I really respect Lee Soonjae
10,It's a movie about crying out loud, but I like the warm side.
9,I was heartbroken.The kids are so good at acting.ㅠ
10,Lee Soonjae and Jung Jihoon's acting touched my heartㅠㅠ I was thinking about whether to watch it or not because I was sad just watching the preview, but I'm glad I watched it! I cried a lot because I was sad all the time, but Deokgu became a precious movie to me. I hope you watch it! I strongly recommend it :-) ♡
10,As expected, Lee Soonjae is so cool.
9,When I was young, the movie "Letter from Heaven" played a role of comforting Kang Soo-yeon, who Lee Soon-jae came out as a postman and waited for her father's letter.  In Deokgu, he came out as a grandfather who hugged and loved the child.  It was touching to see you again at the theater with a sense of change.
10,A movie that you can't watch with your girlfriend...It's a pity that I couldn't cry at ease.
10,It was so touching. I love actor Lee Soonjaeㅜㅜ Jihoon in Deokgu acted really well and he was coolIt is a touching, sad, fun, and perfect movie. I cried a lot while watching the movie It wasn't a waste of money and I didn't eat popcorn. I was so focused on the linesㅜ
10,Young Deok-gu's outstanding acting and Lee Soon-jae's acting make me cry.It's all wet.I'm looking forward to a good result for the great acting.
10,Very touching movie ♡ Tears falling down
10,I watched it while crying  Thank you so much
10,Touching movie. But was it so good?
10,I want to give you 10 more points The child actor was the best. Lee Soonjae is a great actorㅠㅠ Which scene was not sad?Just tears from beginning to end.. For those who cry a lot like me, even if you don't say anything, sadness is the best
10,It was a movie that made me feel sad
10,I personally don't like Shinpa, but please watch thisㅠㅠ It's not just tears that flow all the time
10,It's 100 times better than Gonjiam I saw yesterday, but half and half of the screenings are on Gonjiam. What are you saying?
10,It's been 22 years since I lived with my grandfather since I was young. go around holding one's grandfather's hand all the time As my head grew bigger and bigger, I had no memories with my grandfather. It always bothered me. This opportunity is to visit the movie theater with my grandfatherGrandpa, who was always worried about her grandchild without her mother...
10,It was a heart-warming movie It's been a long time since I had a happy day. :)
10,I cried for an hour a light
10,10 minutes after the movie starts, I start to cry because I'm so sad that I'm crying with my friend and I can't put all the popcorn in my throat Just finish eating before the movie starts and get ready Personally, I think it was more touching because I really liked my grandfather ㅜ
10,I like everything from the beginning to the end and my brother cried.
10,I don't usually cry~~~Duckoo Deokhee's acting makes me teary and runny ㅜㅜMust watch movie!!!!
10,I was so impressed by actor Lee Soonjae's acting.I hope you continue to show us more acting!
10,It's really the best! Make sure to watch it!
10,It's obvious, but I don't have time to think about the next part. I think about the meaning of the line
10,It was a very warm and happy time.I really thank Lee Soonjae and Jihoon.Thanks to Deokgu, I had a happy and warm time Thank you. I'm going to go watch it again.
10,Lee Soonjae, live a long lifecrying
10,I went to see my wife and came out crying It's a trick to the point where you need 10 points aren't enough
10,A movie that made me cry from beginning to end
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae! I enjoyed the movie.The teacher's acting was the best.I thought it would be nice if elementary school children came to see me with their parents.Always be healthy and happy~♡
10,It's so touching ㅠㅠㅠㅠWatch it twice ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I cried at the thought of my father alone
10,Deokhee is so cute. My love, Deokhee
10,It's such a touching and warm movie.ㅠ
10,I'd cry if it wasn't for the movie theater
9,It was the first movie in a long time that made me emotional and shed tears.Adult actors and child actors both acted well.Among them, I was immersed enough to empathize with actor Lee Soon-jae's acting.Thank you again for letting me know that my tear glands are not dry yet.
10,I really respect actor Lee Soonjae!!!
10,No, I really don't leave a comment, but Lee Soonjae's acting and child actor's acting... ㅜㅜ I cried a lot I have nothing to say if I'm passionate about it. It's a sad night because I cried so muchㅠㅠ Tear
10,It's been a long time since I saw a strong movie. I cried so much that my heart felt refreshed.
10,The story is so sad and reminds me of my grandfather crying
9,Deokgu, you have a talent for making people cry.
10,The movie that I could look back on the greatness of my family and the people around me. I remembered my late grandmother a lot
10,I was sad from beginning to end.Actor Lee Soonjae, I am so touched.The child actor is really good at acting, too.
8,I miss Yadong Soonjae...
8,I miss Yadong Soonjae...
10,The whole family saw it.Tears and emotions...It's a movie where you can feel the love of family
10,It's the best movie where you can feel the love of your family
10,It's so touching. Thank you
10,I buy wet wipes and watch it
8,The kids were good at acting. They broke up with their grandfather. Deokgu held hands with him and decided to enter elementary school. He cried because he didn't want to break up. But the ending was empty, so I lost 1 point
10,It was so touching
10,I hope Lee Soonjae lasts forever
10,I think of my grandfather, my father, and my mom.The movie reminds me of my family the whole time I watch itI cried from start to finish
10,As expected, Lee Soonjae, who you can trust and watch...I really respect you.Ten minutes after the movie started, I started crying.Today was a day when I thought of my parents.
10,Just watch it Please ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'm so sad.ㅜㅜㅜ
10,Children are good at acting. Deokgu is good at acting. Lee Soonjae teacher is really... It's the best. The editing is a bit awkward, but I didn't bring tissue, so I had a runny nose ㅠㅠ with my sleeves. Tissue is a must.It's a warm movie.
10,I cried so much ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, I respect you
8,I went to watch it with my friend and both my eyes were swollen. It's a movie that makes me cry when I think about it The ending was a bit disappointing
10,I love you, actor Lee Soonjae and Deokhee
10,I'm glad to see that the theater was full of excitement, killing, and flying around, but the calm emotion like sikhye was good
10,It's a good movie that fills your heart
10,Thank you grandfather and grandmother.
10,I really can't watch without tears. It's a heart-breaking movie
10,Deokgu, let's make the movie a hit!
10,I cried a lot at the thought of my grandfather, who died of myocardial infarction 10 years ago, even in the scene where others could laugh at the thought of my grandfather, who slept with me and was playful and affectionate. This movie is a movie with memories. You're the best. Thank you.
10,Best acting, best immersion, best touching
10,Thank you for watching a good movie~^^ Thank you★
10,I watched it without much expectation because it was an obvious story, but I made you smile while watching it, cried and cried, and watched a good movie I want to recommend it
10,I have little memory of my grandfather, but I would have been very happy if I had a grandfather like DeokguMr. Lee Soonjae, I am so touched.Stay healthy for a long time~~^^
10,The more I sympathized with it, the more sad the story was, but I liked actor Lee Soon-jae's acting, so I became more immersed in it. Thank you for the movie!!
10,It's as warm as spring and has a cherry blossom scent
10,I don't want any money. I cried a lot.a masterpiece
10,My eyes are so puffy. It's a movie about how much I cried
10,Man said he would cry three times, but it's his fourth time today
10,Best movie ever. A movie that's worth your time and money
10,Thank you so much ㅠㅠ Acting is the best
10,The actors who acted Deokgu are amazingI went to watch it as a group at school, and the teacher and students cried and cried for a long time, so I came outㅠㅠ 길 I cried when I was looking for my mom on the street
10,Lee Soonjae and Jung Jihoon. It was a very touching movie ^0^
10,Wow! ㅠㅠ I really want to be happy!
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is the best! As expected, Deokgu was good at acting, so I was immersed in it.I cried throughout the moviecrying
10,I don't write ratings, but I end up writing this movieWhether it's a good or sad scene, I started with tears and ended with tearsAnd I was surprised by actor Lee Soonjae's acting skills. I was surprised by actor's acting skills.It's amazing. Make sure to watch this movie
10,As soon as the movie was over, I recommended it to my friend
10,The emotion of the international market and the lyricism of the scissors hand...It is the best Korean movie since the international market
2,a film in which one's acting skills drag on excessively new waves
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae, fighting!1
10,Youngsun, fighting! Make a fortune!.
10,I cried my eyes out because I remembered my grandfather who died last year
10,Look at #2, #3, #4 My name is Kim Deok Gu
10,There will be no one who cried while watching the movie ㅠㅠ The child acting is so good and the acting of teacher Lee Soonjae... I think it's more touching because it's about our neighbors
10,I cried for the first time in the movie theater.33-year-old father of two children.
10,Tears welled up in the preview made me cry.
10,Jihoon's amazing acting made me cry. A great movie
10,I kept on crying
10,It was a meaningful time.
10,It's like a movie that makes your heart feel numb and warm
10,The movie without a villain and the movie I watched was not a waste of money because of actor Lee Soonjae Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,I couldn't stop crying throughout the movieㅜㅜ
10,It wasn't a movie that was made to force tears to come out, so it was really goodㅠㅠIt's a warm, fun, and touching movie. Grandpa Lee Soonjae is the best ㅠㅠ!!
10,It was such a sad movie...crying
10,It's a touching movie
10,It's so touching. I enjoyed it so muchㅠㅠㅠㅠ I think I cried since the middle of the movie.ㅠㅠㅠㅠ actor Lee Soonjae is so good at acting.I felt sad because you were like my father.I hope this kind of movie will continue to come out in the future.Thank you very much. ㅠㅠ Thank you.
10,A touching movie is the best
10,The movie that was really really good, not to mention Lee Soonjae's acting skills, but the child actors were so good at acting.Especially, the main character (Deogu) was so good at acting ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I cried most of the time because I had a lot of tears ㅠㅠ I was so immersed from start to finish, and it was the best movie of the year
10,It's my first time to get a rating. The movie I cried after watching is this movieㅜㅜ I don't cry even when I watch the 7th room, but when I introduced the name of the movie, I was so sad. Rather than watching a movie like Gonjiam, I watch this movie Make sure to watch it
10,Both my friend and I watched it while weeping.The movie that really touched my heart.
8,I watched it today and it's sad. I watched it in a fun way. I don't know if it's 10 points, but it's worth 8 points
5,Too much dialogue, less immersion, makes the child cry even though the ending is roughly expected
9,She said she watched Deokgu because she insisted that she wanted to see the wind.From the start of the movie, a girlfriend who complains that it's not fun to give me a hard time...GFRIEND who complained that it wasn't funny and tried so hard to hold back tears...I ended up crying. I enjoyed watching it
2,No one gives Deokgu any explanation. Why did you leave the house, why did you have to kick her out, why did you break up with your grandfather and follow them?Everyone says it's for Deokgu, but no one really respects Deokgu. Deokgu doesn't understand everythingEven so, someone should have explained.
10,I was so touched... The actors were so good at acting and they were so immersed in the immersion
10,I haven't seen it yet. I'm going to watch it! I respect actor Lee Soonjae! Always be healthy!
10,I don't really watch the tragic part of the movie every day because it's so sad, but this movie feels like it even warmly wraps up the pain. I really lost track of time the whole time. Please watch this
10,I was so sad because my emotions melted with each of Lee Soonjae's wrinkles...Make sure to watch it, everyone!
10,Make sure to watch a movie with sincerity
10,It's a very moving and good movie. I wish it would be more successful. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,Take two tissues, not one.
10,My grandmother died of lung cancer when she was a child.The day before he died, he asked me to sleep with him.  It's still a pity that I didn't like it.Grandmother, the puppy is all grown up now.I want to hug my grandmother. It was good to watch a movie and think about grandmother a lot.
10,Let's clap for all the actors' acting. Full of tears ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I love the distributors and production companies who made a movie that's like a long time ago
10,Grandpa Lee Soonjae ㅠㅠ I'm watching the drama that comes out after a long life I love you
10,ㅠㅠ Very good - movie
10,I think it's really touching~~
10,It's a movie that can come out so naturally, but I was so immersed that I couldn't stop crying even afterwards. The movie that leads the play even with the name Lee Soonjae. Thank you so much for the pure but natural environment Actor Lee Soonjae.
10,It's a must-see movie. I can feel each and every character's emotions so well. Watch it I have no regrets
10,The top three movies that I cried, the sobbing
10,Make sure to watch it! I didn't leave anything like this, but I really respect actor Lee Soonjae.
10,Make sure to watch a movie that you have to get 100 points!
10,I'm so touched It's been a while since I criedcrying
10,Your acting skills are amazing! ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, fighting!
10,Such a great movie doesn't necessarily have a theater... Actor Lee Soonjae, thank you!
10,This is a real movie! I couldn't stop crying while looking at the human affection without the splendor.ㅠ
8,When Deokgu talked about his grandfather in Ansan, I almost burst into tears.
10,I cried for a long time because I was raised by my grandfather I really want to recommend this movie
10,It's so sad, fun, and sad
10,In the movie, teacher Lee Soon-jae's personality is the same as his late grandfather, so I loved his thoughts. When I was young, I didn't know the sincerity contained in my grandfather's expression. My heart ached when I remembered my grandfather's heart. I'm sorry... I miss you, grandpa. I love you.
10,I thought I should be nice to my grandfather Lee Soonjae is the best crying
10,It's been a while since I watched a Korean movie with money
10,It's not a masterpiece. But a movie to watch once. The child actors' performances and grandfather Lee Soon-jae's performances are already worth the ticket. It's been a while since I watched a good family movie I want to give you 9.5 points, but the average is 9.4, so I give you 10 points.
10,Deokgu is so good at acting. When he comes out, he cries.
9,It's a movie that you can watch with your family
10,Tears just cry ㅜㅜ폭ᆱ폭ㅜㅜ푸
10,The movie theater is crying sea... It was a movie that lingered in my mind.
10,Please don't say it's a snap. Your father, mother, grandfather, and grandmother. And it's our future.
10,From the first scene to the end...Everyone is acting
10,Tears cover my eyes ㅠㅠ
10,I cried the whole timeIt's a touching movie
10,It's really my favorite movie. Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠ
10,It's the best. It's a movie worth 10 points. I sobbed
10,I cried so much...  I enjoyed watching it ^^
8,100 points for acting ㅠㅠ 다만 But it was a bit disappointing because the material was too obvious
8,It's sad... How should I say this?It was a heart-warming movie that made me cry
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, and Deokhee are the best. It was fun and I cried while watching itㅠㅠ
10,It is really my first time to cry and write like this after watching a Korean movie.
10,It's sad. I recommend you to watch it.
10,I was immersed from beginning to end and cried from beginning to end crying
7,It's an obvious story, but it's worth watchingIt's sad at the end...
10,There were scenes that I couldn't forget 3 or 4 times  With tears
10,I kept crying ㅠㅠ휴 I couldn't bring tissue, so I wiped my tears with the scarf I wore, but it came out wet ㅠㅠ I think I've been shedding tears for years I couldn't stop crying so I cried even when I went to the bathroom What a great movie!It was healing!
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy As expected, acting...
10,I hope your heart-wrenching movie will be successful ^^
10,I cried after watching the trailer.
10,There's no need for words. Just...Make sure to watch it. TwiceLook at it three times!ㅠㅠㅠㅠ This is my life movie
8,a mildly moving film
10,I really liked the moving movie, but when I watched Deokgu, it was like a racy third-rate comedy Deokgu Lee Soonjae's old acting and pretty babies. Nice daughter-in-law is touching and sad, but it was good that it ended happily Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy and show us good works for a long time♡
10,I heard that actor Lee Soonjae appeared on "No Guarantee" and it was really good How many times I cried ㅠㅠ The babies were so good at acting and they were so lovely that I thought I was going to die. It was a heartwarming movie that was so good with both laughter and emotion I recommend it
10,It's all came outcrying
10,It's a typical Korean movie, but it's well-made
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is impressive, but Jung Jihoon's acting... That's the best. I couldn't let go of my handkerchief the whole time I cry a lot...
9,As soon as the movie was over, I called my grandfather who was alone in the countryside.
9,Tears that I held back when my mom came back ㅠㅠ
10,Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,It is the best movie. ㅠㅠHa, I cried my nose outI made a good movie.
10,It's not really sad. It was so heart-breaking Thank you ㅜㅜ
10,It's actor Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, and Deokhee's fantastic acting.I cried the whole timeㅠㅠI recommend it~♡
10,I cried so much that my eyes hurt...The saddest movie I've seen this year, and it reminds me of the movie back home
10,I really cried my eyes out.Make sure to watch it ㅜㅜ
10,I strongly recommend it. It was touching
10,I think I watched a movie that made my heart warmLee Soonjae's acting and (G)I-DLE's acting were all good  I didn't know I was embarrassed and cried my heart out
10,Everyone was crying and sobbing at the movie theaterLOL It was so touching and fun!
10,Soonjae has a good philosophy, so I'll press it and go see it!
10,As expected, I understand that teacher Lee Soonjae chose the scenario and my son usually doesn't cry, but he cried after watching this movie
10,That's so sad ㅠㅠ I went with my mom to watch it, and both of our eyes were swollen and our makeup was erased, so we came out barefaced.No mascara eyeliner for this movie ㅠㅠ
8,It was fun and sad. Thank you
8,I wasn't sad just because it was obvious
10,I kept crying while watching this movie. Deokgu ㅠㅠ The best acting in Ansan!
10,As soon as I saw actor Lee Soonjae for the first time, I started to get emotional and cried until the end of the movie.At the end of the movie, I almost cried. ㅠㅠ It's a heartbreaking but very warm movie. Grandfather Lee Soon-jae's love was conveyed through his whole body.
10,Squeezing tears and runny nose.A movie with no time to be bored.I just took some tissue, and I wiped my eyes and nose with it
10,You have the image of a high kick, but you're touched just by the look on your face?You're a real actor!
10,Despite the expected plot, Lee Soon-jae's acting and child actors' acting were so cool! Thanks to the acting, it was a more immersive movie. I cried the whole time, but thank you for the good movie
10,It's a movie that goes by so naturally, without any awkward or forced parts throughout the movie. It's a family movie that I haven't seen in a long time, so the emotion lingers for a long
10,Tears and runny nose all the time I watch movies. My nose is running
10,Oh, the movie that makes me cry and beautiful. The best movie recommendation of the year
10,I'm so sad. I kept crying. ㅜㅜ
10,He's good at acting. He cried
10,I felt like I was watching Yoo Seung-ho of "Home" while watching Deokgu. He is a child actor who is looking forward to his future growth. The movie itself was also a female director, so I loved the delicate drawing of each of the actors' small wrinkles and facial expressions.
10,Sad. Your acting was good, too
10,Deokgu, let's go to the movies
8,Child actors are good at acting. Lee Soonjae's acting was really good I didn't expect much about the story, so I expected it to be true So I took out a star
10,Lee Soonjae is an actor of our country. Thank you♡
10,The best movie that made me cry, laugh, think a lot, and realize the importance of family
10,It's a very gloomy movie from the first scene. Thank you for your good acting in the movie.
10,I thought a lot and cried a lot while watching this movie
10,I'm sad. You're so good at acting
10,Ah really I don't write movie reviews but this is the best ㅜㅜ not a waste of money ㅜㅜ
10,It feels like watching a real movie. I cried from start to finish. Ten stars is not enough to evaluate this movie. I think I'm going to cry just by looking at Lee Soonjae's eyes. It's obvious, but I feel like the movie was completed by Lee Soonjae.
10,Thank you. It's a movie that's very touching
10,- You cried. - My head hurtsIt's been a while since I cried so much.As expected, Lee Soonjae is wailing when grandfathers are named
10,Before we start, Lee Soonjae's tears are the best just by looking at his eyes
10,I bought a ticket after reading one article that I filmed with no guarantee  Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh When my grandfather was going back last year,
10,Thank you, Mr. Lee Soonjae.
9,Lee Soonjae, please stay healthy and continue to act well
10,My face is already covered with tears and runny nose
8,I watched the movie with tears in my eyes so that I didn't waste moneyI want to see you two or three more times, so let's go to Bupyeong Daehan Theater Thank you for the good movieI hope that there will be more movies that you can fill your heart with^^
8,It was heart-warming and touching
10,It was good because it wasn't the end of Deokgu's deathI hope actor Lee Soonjae lives for a long time.
10,Storm sobbing ㅠㅠ From Deok-hee Deok-gu to Grandfather Lee Soon-jae's acting is great ㅠㅠ I keep crying because I think of my grandmother
10,Actor Lee Soon-jae's acting skills have made the movie very special.
10,It feels like I watched a movie after a long time
10,I watched a movie that was really like a movie Thank you. As a parent, I felt a lot of things. A movie that doesn't waste a penny. A movie I want to watch for more money.Deokgu and grandfather are both great actors Really... The story was so realisticI was happy to see a good movie after a long time
10,It's the best. Not Gonjiam. Look at this
10,I think this kind of movie should dominate the screen I cried so much that my eyes hurt
10,The reason why the reservation rate is low is that the number of theaters is small. There's no movie to watch other than this one.
10,The story is great. Lee Soonjae's acting is amazing.감명 It was so impressive!
10,It's an expected ending, but it's a movie that warmed my heart and made me feel the importance of my family once again. Thank you
10,Deokgu is going to be a hit if you rank high in the likability order! It's so much fun! Thumbs up! Let's go! Unity!
10,Deokgu, thank you for exploding my emotions
10,I cried my eyes out after the 7th room.
10,It's a masterpiece that you have to see with no makeup on
10,It's not a forced tear-jerking movie. It's been a while since I watched a well-made movie.
8,As soon as the movie started, it was touching. ㅠㅠ Thank you I had a great time with my family
7,Should I say it's a common movie? There are so many similar movies. It's a good movie to watch with your family
10,It's going to be crazy if I put on eye makeup
7,A pure film without MSG
10,I cried a lotcrying.
7,I didn't know I'd sniffle when I saw a kid acting.
10,Look, Da Dawoon. I like both of them
10,A movie that's not a waste of money.
10,I'm touched.  It's sad that there aren't many theaters...a national film
10,It's so touching. ㅜㅜ강 I strongly recommend it. Make sure to watch it I'm tearing up
10,It's so sad. Until the end
10,I've never cried like this in almost five years...
10,It was a touching movie
10,Make sure to watch it
10,Everyone is so good at acting
10,I cried from the beginning to the end and my head hurt ㅠㅠ 정말 It's a movie that I really want to watch because it's a sad movie. Korean movies can also shed tears and runny nose like this! I strongly recommend it ㅠㅠㅠ Take a bunch of tissues
10,Make sure to watch it's a must Even now, I'm still sad...ㅜㅜ
10,It's a touching and very warm movie. It's been about 10 minutes since I started and I came out crying until the endㅜㅜ Is teacher Lee Soonjae healthy ♥?
10,I think it's been a long time since I saw a movie that conveys emotions to the audience.
10,It's my first time rating a movie and I cried until the end of the movie It reminds me of my late grandfatherYou're the best. I'm going to watch it again with my parents
10,It's a touching movie that you might not be able to watch unless it's
10,My boyfriend, who didn't shed a tear even though he stabbed me, cried exactly five times while watching the movie
10,It was a warm movie Deokgu fighting!
10,The movie is about the socially disadvantaged elderly child and foreign daughter-in-law. It was hard because I was so sad from the middle to the end, but every moment in the movie was comfortable without any inconvenience. It's not a masterpiece, but it's a warm and good movie. I was impressed by the children's acting. I'm rooting for actor Lee Soonjae
10,It's my life movie.I saw a real man crying next to my friend.I highly recommend it.Crying
8,Deokgu and Deokhee live happily ㅠㅠ
10,Please stay healthy, Lee Soonjae
10,It was a time when peace came to my heart.I was once again surprised by the passionate acting of the actors who control the hearts of the people in the movie. If you didn't cry after watching Deokgu, take some time to reflect on your inner self I love you, Ttangyu
10,I couldn't stop crying from the start to the end. I got in trouble the whole time아직I am still so immersed in the thought of Lee Soonjae's acting that I am crying앞으로Please show us good acting for a long time~Fighting, Deokgu!
9,Deokgu's dialect acting was good and my heart was touched
9,It's a predictable plot, but I cried a lot because my heart felt numb.Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, way to go!~♡
10,I cried 10 minutes after it started until the endㅠㅠ The sound of runny nose in the movie theater... I really recommend it.
10,Holding a roll of toilet paper and crying...I laughed at the scroll in the back, but it's okay.My heart is warm.
10,I didn't want to cry, but I cried so much.
10,I think I'll cry if I watch the movie that lingers and makes me cry again.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
10,Lee Soonjae, I really like you.It's like the grand prize of the movie theater.^^ Please continue to be the lead role^^ You're so good at acting.I don't like the movie itself. I always sleep in the theater... I'm so touched
10,I don't know why it's not popular. It's a really fun and touching movie. Make sure you watch it. I don't know why you don't watch it crying
10,Please enlarge the screen Please
10,I don't know why I started crying.It's a touching, heartbreaking, and warm movie
10,I don't write comments, but I really enjoyed watching it.I sobbed.
10,Actor Lee Soon-jae and actor Jung Ji-hoon worked so well together.My face was swollen when I went out of the theater because I cried a lot.It was such a touching movie.It's one of my life movies that I want to reach 10 million.Also, I hope actor Lee Soon-jae will be healthy and be an actor for a long time.
10,I love you. It was so touching
2,It's not funny...I'm crying. So I took a lot of tissues, but I didn't cry and it wasn't fun. The kids were good at acting, but they were bad at acting, so they burst into laughter. It's just a documentary on TV
10,Lee Soonjae is so good at acting ㅠㅠ Deokgu's life movie
10,In short, I cried a lot and laughed a lot. ^^
10,I think I've never cried this much while watching a movie. ~~
10,My family sat next to me and my mom, dad and daughter all cried ㅜㅜ
7,I cried while watching it with my boyfriend. It's fun
10,It's really fun. ㅠㅠ I recommend healing movies
10,I respect Lee SoonjaeThe movie is really awesome. Make sure you watch it -ㅠㅠ
10,I'm so happy and sadㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's really touching and sad, not a forced movie. I didn't know I would cry this much before watching the movie, but ㅠㅠ situations make me cry so much.Lee Soonjae, you're so good at acting
10,He came out swallowing his tears. It was a heartwarming movie. I could feel the natural flow of the story and the director's directing skills.
10,It's not a waste of moneycrying
10,My boyfriend cried a lot That's how sad it is.
10,Lee Soonjae and Jung Jihoon are so good at actingIt's such a great actingQuiet, touching family drama. I cried a lotLee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time~^^
10,I respect actor Lee Soonjae's acting skills. Deokhee, too
10,Make sure to watch it I'm touched
10,The actors' acting was amazing. It was a touching movie that left a lingering impression. I cried all the time
7,It's not fun, but I still cry
10,It's the best movie ever I strongly recommend it!
10,From Deokhee's acting as the youngest to Lee Soonjae's acting, everyone touched my heartstrings
10,I started crying and came out crying. Why am I crying over all the obvious stories? I want to watch it again and cry
10,Actor Lee Soonjae...Deokgu! I just said one thing, but tears... 10 points!
10,It's not a waste of time I shed three years' worth of tears for 100 minutes Deokgu Shibureul Jjigae's name is Deokgu, so I think I'm getting emotional
10,A heartbreaking yet warm movie.Lee Soonjae, I hope you live a long and healthy life and make a lot of good movies like this
10,It is a movie that makes me think a lot. Actor Lee Soonjae's acting is so good and touching. ㅜㅜ I highly recommend this movie
10,I was touched! Grandpa Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,I cried a bucket of tears because of Deokhee
10,I fell in love with Lee Soonjae's charms again
10,I fell in love with Lee Soonjae's charms again
10,I really want to watch this movie again. It's so sad. ㅠㅠ Please watch it Everyone
10,It's a movie that lingers until I come out of the bathroom and tears come out ㅜㅜ I really want to watch it one more time
10,Tears and runny nose...A movie that lacks neither laughter nor tears ㅠㅠ
10,I can't express it in words
10,I cried a lot even though I was determined to go after watching the review.It was a heartbreaking movie that was obvious but not obvious.ㅜㅜ There's no smoke hole. It's a great movie
10,I'm going to leave comments for the first time. I really recommend itㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it. My boyfriend cried for the first time in a year and a halfㅠㅠ너무 I'm so touched. Child actor Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,It was more than I expected^^
10,Kojiam, I saw wind and wind, but I'm worse than Deokgu. I don't know why this rank is low-- Lee Soonjae is really good at acting.I cried because I was sad from the first round ㅠㅠ I hope Deokgu will make a hit~?
10,There's no need for words It's the best. Make sure to watch it
10,It's fun. It's a subject that's hard not to cry
10,It's a heart-warming movie. Thank you, actor Lee Soonjae!Thumbs up for child actors too!
10,The child actors acted well and watched the movie well!
10,I was going to go see flowers, but I wanted to watch a warm movie, so I went to watch Deokgu, and it was a good choiceㅠㅠ It was a movie where the acting of teacher Lee Soonjae and child actors was well absorbed into the story I strongly recommend it!
10,My heart aches when I see it
10,Deeply moved ㅠㅠ Thank you very much for your warm heart. Only women in the theater sniffles (including me). Deokgu is so good at acting
10,It was a movie that warmed my heartI really enjoyed it
10,It is the first time in my life that I cried so much while watching a movie. And the actors' acting skills are amazing. A movie that you won't regret even if you pay 50,000 won. Recommend.
10,It's my first time crying for two hours.You're so good at acting. I'm going to see you holding your grandfather's hand over the weekend
10,It's very funny and touching
10,Good Lee Soonjae. Stay healthy
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression. Once you watch it, you won't regret it
10,Mr. Soonjae...crying
10,The most concise and resonant movie I've ever seen
10,It's a breakup that everyone will experience someday, but...It's so touching to watch a movie like this
10,I didn't expect much, but it was a movie that was so touching and lingered Grandfather Lee Soonjae acted well enough to know why he is where he is now. And the kids were really good at acting. Luckily, I saw the stage greeting.I was sadder when I saw your face ㅜㅜ Make sure to watch it It's highly recommended a good movie without a villain
10,It was so touching.  I went with the kids and watched it and cried my eyes out together ㅠㅠ the best!!
10,For the first time in my life, I'm going to get a movie ratingI cried for the first time while watching a touching movie
10,After watching this, a lot of Umji actors, fighting!
10,It was so touching!
10,It's a movie where I cried from beginning to end. It's a movie that doesn't waste money.
8,It's a no makeup movie^^ Kko~ok, take your handkerchief and go
10,It's the best. I cried from beginning to end.It's the most expensive movie I've ever seen recently. It's a real ten-point movie Make sure to watch it!
10,I didn't think much about it, but it was a movie that touched my heart Make sure you watch it. You won't regret it and cry a lotㅜ
10,It's a sad but heart-warming movie where I cry over the babies' acting
10,ㅜㅜ Take some tissue...Family movie
10,Good, good. Strawberry, good. I'm going to go see it
10,Make sure to watch this. I cried after watching the preview and went to watch the movie. It was so sad and fun and meaningfulI watched it while sobbing It became my favorite movie. Please watch it I don't regret it (except that I cried so much that my makeup got erased)
10,Sincerity movie. Five stars are not enough ㅜ
10,Ha ㅠㅠ It's really fun and meaningful. It's very goodStay healthy, teacher Lee Soonjae!
10,As expected, Lee Soonjae's acting skills are touching as if it's the story of my grandfathers^^
10,Really ㅠㅠ I remember my late grandfather, child actor, grandfather Lee Soonjae ㅠㅠ Really...It was so touching. I cried so much with my mom. ㅠㅠ Tears, runny nose. A bucket of toilet paper is a must
10,I cried from beginning to end. It was so heartbreaking and touching the whole time I watched it. Even after it's over, I can't get rid of the lingering. The acting of Lee Soonjae and all the cast was very impressive. I knew the brief story, but I was very emotional.It's the best movie ever.
10,Lee Soonjae, hard carry ㅠㅠ
10,The movie that made my heart ache from beginning to end. Lee Soonjae is still cool
10,It's the best. Lee Soonjae, live a long life crying
10,I thought that's how men cry.I'll have to stick it out like Sunjae said
10,Even after the movie...Sitting alone, all the people.I cried so hard until I left.My heart aches at the thought of my late grandfather.
10,I watched this movie and thought that I wish I had a grandfather like him I'm so jealous of Deokgu. But when I see Deokhee, I was heartbroken. There's no story in particular, but I feel like I'm hearing something real. Actor Lee Soonjae is the best. He's the best. He's the best. He's the best
10,It's a movie that makes me cry
10,I cried from the beginning.
10,It's only been 10 minutes since I started and I sobbed ㅠㅠ
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Good, good, good.
10,I cry the whole time ㅜㅜ
10,I can't help but hold back tears in this movie.I think I cried a lot at the thought of my late grandfather
10,It was sad, but it's still a good movie
10,Whenever Deokhee cried, I followed her.The movie was even more touching when I saw the children crying together
10,I watched Gonjiam right after watching this. This is much better
10,I almost suffocated because I had a runny nose
10,I cried from start to finish ㅠㅠ I hope you stay with me for a long time Actor Lee Soonjae
10,I cried my eyes out. ㅠㅠ Lee Soon-jae's acting is not enough to be called a masterpiece
10,I watched it with my 11-year-old son, Ram, and I gave him toilet paper because he had a runny nose
10,It's really Tago. I've never cried this much while watching a movie
10,I'm a boy, don't go to see my girlfriend ㅜㅜ
10,I'm so sad and sad I remembered my grandfather's death. I cried from the beginning
10,Acting that you can trust and watch! Lee Soonjae!
10,When I want to cry, I can cry as much as I want~Please bring a handkerchief~*
10,It's so heart-breaking, calm, and sadIt's touching. Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,From the beginning to the end...ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Makeup removed
10,Tissue essentials...Bawling next to my mom ㅜㅜ
10,I hope you go to the movie theater and watch it
10,I kept crying. It's a movie that really lingers. You look back at your neighbors.
10,It's a real life movie ㅠㅠIt's so sad. ㅠㅠ Lee Soonjae, I really respect youㅠㅠ♡♡ Don't put on makeup
10,Duck! Save it! It's been a while since I've seen a masterpiece.
10,I don't watch movies often, so I can't grade them compared to other movies, but it was really good to watch this movie alone. I almost cried while watching it.ㅠㅠㅠㅠIf you are thinking about which movie to watch, I recommend Deokgu
10,It's a movie that's rare to watch these daysIt's been a while since I cried so muchLee Soonjae teacher, fighting!
10,This is a ridiculous movie It's sad from beginning to end
10,Thank you for giving me a good movieㅠㅠ I cried and enjoyed it.
10,I'm so touched. Actor Lee Soonjae, I respect you!
10,Take away all the tears and runny nose  It's just heartbreaking and warm...It's a good movie
10,A movie that made me cry from beginning to end in my life!As expected of Lee Soonjae teacher
10,I cried so much that my eyes were swollen the next morning.crying
10,It's really fun. ㅠㅠ
10,I agree. The actors' acting is amazing.Child actors, too
10,I cried while watching the movie yesterday.I think I watched a movie that touched my heart after a long time.Thank you. Actor Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, Deokhee... Your acting was the best.
10,It's the best. I cried a lot. Grandfather Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, and Deokhee are all great actors Deok-hee Deok-hee was so cute in the stage greeting. ㅠㅠI was so happy to see my favorite celebrity, Lee Soonjae
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is the bestcrying
10,Grandpa! I love you!
10,Thank you for making such a movie.
10,It reminds me of my grandfather. He's such a great actor. I cried in 3 minutes. It's the best movie ever
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
10,Maybe it's because I grew up in my grandmother's hands. I cried I don't regret watching it. Make sure to take tissues Baby Lee Soonjae is good at acting. It doesn't leave any lingering feelings ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I cried a lot after the present in room 7.Trust me. I mean it. ㅠㅠㅠ
8,I tried to hold back my tears, but I ended up getting in trouble because I kept crying 휴지 I should have opened more tissues. Anyway, tears are worth watching for Lee Soonjae's acting!
10,I don't usually cry when I watch sad movies, but I cried a lot. I watched it twice and cried twice. I watched it with my mom twice. It's good for a family movie! And the child actors are so good at acting and I thought they were so cute in the stage greeting
10,I held back my tears. Watch it with my family Rather than lovers,
10,It's really fun and sad ㅠㅠ
10,My heart is heating up.Teary... I give you a warm round of applauseActor Lee Soonjae! Always be healthy
10,I don't cry while watching it. I just cry.
10,The world is so sad
10,I went in without thinking and came out with a bucket of tears I'm sad. The actors are the best
10,It was a heartwarming movie after a long time. :)
10,When I heard that it was set in our traditional home, I suggested that I watch it with my sons, and I cried a lot in front of him, and I would encourage my older neighbors to take their grandchildren and watch it together
5,A movie without a story. It's touching, but there's no ordinary story
10,A warm and sad movie...
10,Warm love, thank you.
10,Grandmother, grandfather... I love you.
10,I really cried a lot. Lee Soonjae, I love youㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Rather than a vague new school, I'd rather get ready to cry and watch a movie
10,I cried a lot when I went with them I buy tickets for my parents again.
10,But the sorrow of those who are left now, the sorrow of those who are about to leave the world
10,A movie that warms your heart-warming
10,If you're watching now, I'm not going to cry. Watch it and wait for a review
10,Everyone who comes out is so good at acting. It's a movie that makes you cry and laugh. Especially Lee Soonjae. I hope you live a long life. I remembered my grandfather a lot when I saw him. Thank you for your wonderful age.
10,Make sure to watch it's a mustㅠㅠ Look twicecrying
10,I went to see Jojo with my mom. I cried so much that I was embarrassed to come out. I washed my eyes and nose. So I couldn't go anywhere. So good at acting. So good at acting. So good at acting. So good at acting
10,The movie seems to have been made by Lee Soon-jae and the child actor's It sounds like an obvious story, but it stimulates the tear glands from beginning to end. It was such a sad time and it reminded me of my grandfather crying
10,It is a heartbreaking but warm movie.
10,Throughout the movie, I was so into the sincerity of the actors that was delivered to my heart that I could fill the warmth with emotion. A movie too good for a family. I hope everyone can feel this emotion.
8,I could think about the problems of prejudice and colored glasses against multicultural families, and the passionate performance of children and teacher Lee Soon-jae stands out in this movie. A real tear-jerking movie, not a tear-jerking story.
10,I can't stand it even though I try to
10,Lee Soonjae's acting that can't help but cry...Children's acting... That's amazing!
8,I think it's time to change the negative view of multiculturalism I hope everyone is happy I can see Lee Soonjae's life
10,When I saw the trailer, I thought it was a movie that was made to make it cry in the first place, but I watched the movie while sobbing in an unintended scene.
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it.
10,Actor Lee Soonjae!You're the coolest in the world!I'm always your fan
10,I cried so much while watching it I had a runny nose. I thought it would be scary to see Sunjae getting angry all the time, but I changed my mind after watching this movie Soonjae, stay healthy and fighting!
10,I went to the wrong theater and I cried a lotㅜㅜ It's not a waste of money.  Make sure to watch it
10,I had a warm time with my mom for the first time in a while, after watching it to the point of sobbing, not just crying. Thank you. I miss my grandfather, too.
10,Lee Soonjae's grandfather acting...The kids did a great job and it was so impressive! Do you want a lot of people to watch and watch a lot of movies like this?
9,It was a movie by a new director, so there was something lacking in the direction, but the movie itself was so warm and painful and hopeful that it was a pretty fairy tale-like movie.Rather than stimulating movies, I think these movies should be made continuously.I'd like to recommend it.
10,Ha.. It is a movie that I watched while crying all the whole time.After I saw it, my eyes became sea cucumbers.
10,I'm touched. Grandpa Lee Soonjae and his grandchildren made their acting so real that I cried a lot
10,You're so cool. You're so respectful. You're supposed to be a big tree
10,I've never cried more than a movie. I cried while watching thisㅜㅜ He's so good at acting like a baby and actor Lee Soonjae is just amazing ♡
10,Lee Soonjae is the best
10,I just keep feeling sadIt lingers in my mind. The movie I cried the most out of all the movies I've ever seen. I felt a lot. Thank you for making this movie
10,Don't forget to bring tissues or handkerchiefs
8,This is also an actor's movie that you can trust and watch
10,After the first birthday, I grew up in the arms of my grandmother and grandfather, and they looked similar to me. I cried from start to finish while watching the movie. It was a movie where I really missed my grandparents, missed them, and felt grateful! It's a hit the jackpot!
2,It's better to watch a human theater on television. That's too obvious
8,It's sad, but Lee Soon-jae's old movie "I Love You" is much better. 8 points is appropriate.
10,It's really the best. ㅠㅠ I'm still tearing up. Really
1,Yes, an obvious story. An obvious ending
10,I was emotional from the start to the end
10,I cried from the beginning to the end of my life movie
10,My daughter-in-law cried when she said she couldn't save all 20 million won ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,I've never cried watching a movie.
8,He's like a blunt grandfather, but he loves his grandchildren.A movie that I want to show to kids
10,It was really meaningful. The movie theater is full of tearsㅜㅜ My girlfriend scolded me for not crying because I couldn't see the markI will watch a movie that makes me think about my family again ^^ again!
10,It's perfect for emotional stimulation
10,I'm touched by the shoes that I'm touched
10,It was touching. It was a movie that didn't waste money
10,Tears didn't dry up at the thought of my late grandfatherㅜㅜ
10,Once again, it was a movie that made me realize that there are few actors who can truly touch acting.I cried a lot.
10,A good movie about family
10,Touching! A sea of tears! After the movie, a person with red eyes can't leave easily
10,It's sad?? Sad?Life is so bitter?
10,I was sad because it could have happened somewhere
6,It's worth watching. It's calm Just.
10,I was so emotional that I came to the parking lot crying.crying
10,I want to give you 100 points.It was so touching and touching
10,I think Lee Soonjae's acting makes me feel emotional every time I see him It was such a warm movie
10,Please stay healthy and act for a long time
10,I cried like crazy
10,Grandpa, I'm sorry I couldn't be nice to you.I regret it.
10,The most touching drama. I was very impressedThanks a lot. Director. Actor
10,A movie that reminds me of my grandfather, tears came out after a few yearsㅠㅠThank you, Lee Soonjae
10,Lee Soonjae, I enjoyed your performance.It's a movie that's not a waste of money.
10,I could relate and couldn't stop crying.It's really heartbreaking and it was the most meaningful and warm movie I've ever seen! Mr. Lee Soonjae, stay healthy and I hope to see you in good movies and dramas
10,Well-made moving movie that I haven't seen in a long time!
10,Really ㅠㅠ I think all the people in the same theater as me cried today criedAll my family members are crying...This movie is so touching! So please take a lot of handkerchiefs or tissues!
10,Make sure you watch the movie ㅠㅠ I'm touched...
10,I cried a lot crying
10,For the first time Just make sure to watch it.
10,A movie that was more perfect without Butterfly CG. Of course, acting Haha good
10,Ah, I'm not that sad and I drink coke.I have a runny noseI'm really sad. I'm crying and going home. Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time?
10,In silence, only the sound of crying echoed in the theater ㅠㅠ Family is love And Deokhee-Luv ㅠㅠ
10,The movie is really touching. I highly recommend it.
10,It's a movie where you can feel the love of family
10,I'm going to eat strawberry candy for a while
10,It is a movie that starts with a little bit from the beginning and makes you cry from the middle to the end. I strongly recommend it
10,I highly recommend it as a movie that gives a gentle impression to the whole family. I think family love will come closer.
10,The old man is not deadA warm family movie is the best!
10,A movie made by a grandfather, woven by children, and decorated by a mother
10,Youngho who is so sad and lingers in his mind ㅜㅜㅜㅜ!!
10,Do you use the word "crying" from beginning to end?
10,It's an obvious story... Whatever the actors and actresses imagined, the movie was more impressive than the obvious one!
10,I am really into watching movies these days, so I went to watch them without thinking about anything, but I came out without tears and runny nose
10,The sad but very sad movie store is the climax. I love you, teacher Lee Soonjae. Please act healthy and for a long time
10,From the start to the end, tears welled up...It was a movie with a faint heart. I'm glad I took some tissues  I was immersed even without a big stimulating video. Afterwards, actor Lee Soonjae came up with a stage greeting, and I was touched once again by the way he was standing with his hands together.
10,You keep making people cryㅜㅜ 정말 Thank you very much
10,I didn't expect much, but it felt like 2 liters of tears
10,It's so small. It's really the best ♡♡♡♡
10,I miss my grandparents
10,I've never had a rating in 24 years of my life. It's the best movie. I cried so much that my face hurts I strongly recommend it
10,It's not just touching...I applaud all the actors for their deep emotional acting!
10,I was so sad. I walked home crying thinking that I should do well when my grandfather was thereMake sure to watch it
10,I didn't expect much, but the overall flow of the movie was good I was moved and the women sitting next to me kept sniffling throughout the movie.
10,Look at this.I don't think there's a part-time job.
10,ㅠㅠ It's so sad. It's really popping ㅠㅠ
10,I was sad because I remembered my grandfather who passed away while watching the movie, but I was thankful Grandfather Lee Soonjae, always be healthy~~~~
10,I watched a movie while listening to the sound of sniffling from both sides. Of course, my tears and runny nose are all salty 눈물
8,A simple story. However, there was a constant whimpering sound in the theater, and by the end, there was a sobbing audience. My family's eyes were all swollen when I left the theater.
8,I couldn't stop crying and crying ㅠㅠㅠㅠIt really lingers in my mind and I think about my late grandfather a lot ㅠㅠ
8,It's an obvious but not obvious movie. It's sad to think of my grandparents
10,I hope many of you can watch it by increasing number of theaters. I respect Lee Soon-jae's article that he appeared as a no-guarantee, but he was greedy for his work, but he is not greedy for money. I've never cried while watching a movie, but this movie made me cry without realizing it.
10,Well, I don't need words. It was the first time that my tears didn't stop after the movie. Teacher Lee Soonjae, I love you!!!?
10,It's a movie that makes you think, "Don't regret when you're not there and do well when you're
10,I was so sad. If I thought I had a faucet on my eyes and nose, my friend wouldn't bring tissue. I packed it. But Bonnie was crying next to me, so I opened up my tissue and gave it to her. She's so good at acting. Look at her
10,It's so touching... It's a masterpiece
10,Actor Lee Soonjae's cancer and grandfather's cancer were the same, so I couldn't watch the movie and cried to myself. I thought my heart was broken because I couldn't do it to my grandfather Even after the movie ended, I was so emotional that I kept crying. I wish you the best
9,Make sure to take tissues before watching the movie! I didn't know and just saw it and came out with tears in my eyes.Don't forget to bring tissues. Every line was heartbreaking.
10,My heart is moving.
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, please be healthy and act like this for a long time I love you
10,I really enjoyed the family movieCrying and laughing...
10,I was surprised by Jihoon's acting skills when I thought of my grandfather. Lee Soonjae teacher is Lee Soonjae. After watching this movie, I thought it was amazing. And I was so sad that I almost used up a whole bottle of tissue There was a great cry everywhere.
9,I cried my eyes out at the end. It was embarrassing to sit in the middle and cry while I was a mixed personally, I really liked it.♥ Actor Lee Soon-jae's Best Film
10,So touching movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I got rid of all my tears and came out ㅠㅠ The actors were the best ㅠ
10,It's a movie that takes all the moisture from my body
10,It's my first time to review a movie It's such a touching and warm movie I want to see it twice. I really recommend it...!
10,I'm leaving a comment for the first time. It's my first time crying while watching a movie
10,Wasn't it a movie in memory of grandfathers who were remembered by everyone?
10,I always cry when I watch sad movies, but I thought I was forced to make sad... I cried from beginning to end in this movie. It's really touching and sad. It wasn't a waste of money
10,Make sure to bring a handkerchief or tissue. Tears and runny nose ㅠㅠ
10,I miss my late grandfather so much.
10,I really respect actor Lee Soonjae
10,After watching this movie, I was on the bus home, and when I saw my makeup smudged face, people looked at me like crazy. I cried again because I was embarrassed to think that I cried like a baby during the whole movie while washing my face at home. Don't ever wear makeup. Even if you apply waterproof, it's all gone.
10,The boy's acting is no joke. Make sure you watch it
9,The story is a common sad story, but it's a sad movie where actor Lee Soonjae and actor Jung Jihoon saved it
10,I couldn't stop cryingㅠㅠ I'm so touched
10,Deokgu is the first movie to leave a movie rating, but personally, the movie that I cried the most and the movie of my life was with God, but it changed. I cried so much that my makeup got erased Actor Lee Soonjae is really amazing.crying
10,A movie where emotions and pain coexist
10,It's a happy movie :D
10,I was sadder because I thought of my grandfather ㅠㅠ Good
10,What do you mean really sad?ㅠㅠ Actor Lee Soonjae is really touching. Wow... This is my first time crying after Harmony. It's been a long time since I watched itcrying
10,He's such a good actorㅜㅜ
10,It was a touching movie ㅜㅜ
10,I was so sad when Deokgu went to visit his mother and said what Lee Soonjae saidI think it'd be nice to watch it with your family
10,Every time all the characters cry, the magic that makes themselves.
10,A heartwarming movie! Please watch it! As soon as it started, I cried and it ended, but it was a movie that made my heart warm and not empty at all.
10,I was really giggling when I watched it.This is the movie ♡♡
1,The new drama is real and contrived
10,Why you love your family and the feeling that you have to have a heart-to-heart conversation with each other
10,Rather than "The story was sad and I cried," the movie was about the breakup with my grandmother and grandfather. It reminded me of my grandfathercrying
10,Although it is obvious, it is very sad. Lee Soonjae is also good at acting, but the baby is acting ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Real movies. Real acting
10,Not only Lee Soonjae, but also the child actors' acting is so good that it absorbs well! It was a movie that lingers for a long time You have to watch it with your family at least once
10,I'm touched...I'm really tearing up ㅠㅠ
10,I didn't cry at all during the present in room 7 but I burst into tears.
10,I really enjoyed actor Lee Soonjae's amazing acting and Deokgu's acting. It's making me cry.
10,I really recommend it. Let's be touched by the great actors' acting.
10,I didn't expect much, but I cried.I think I'll remember Lee Soonjae and Deokgu's great acting for a long time
10,The actors are so good at acting. It's a masterpiece! I hope you watch it
10,It's touching. Thank you
10,I heard that actor Lee Soonjae was going to be the main character, so I watched it and I cried a lotI went to see ㅜㅜ with my friend and both of us cried.ㅜㅜIt's a movie that makes me realize the importance of my family againㅜㅜㅠ
10,There are a lot of parents who brought their children, but there are a lot of kids who keep on sobbing and asking questions, so I'm really distracted. I can't tell you not to bring your kids.
10,I won the ending credit event, so I went to see it looking forward to it. He never let me down Tears welled up from the start to the end of the movie연기 The actors' acting was perfect Make sure to watch it. You won't regret it. Lee Soonjae, Deokgu, and Deokhee are the love,♡
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, who acted without cliche, I love you and thank you!I hope that the perspective and prejudice on multiculturalism will be eliminated.
1,New wave movies should no longer appear.
10,I recommend a really good movie I strongly recommend it!
10,My eyes were swollen when I came out.It's a movie that makes me feel good. I want to watch it one more time!
10,The movie that Soon Jae Ong finished
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,I really recommend sadness
10,It was fun. It was touching and cute
10,I hope many people watch it. I really enjoyed it
10,I kept crying ㅜㅜ
10,I kept crying ㅜㅜ
10,I was able to reflect on Lee Soonjae's acting And Lee Soonjae and other actors' acting wiped my makeup off with tears^^
6,Best Baby Acting ㅠㅠ A movie with a calm touch
10,A movie that comes out after crying and laughing. It's a must-see movie if you're someone's child or someone's parents!@
10,Teary... And lingering feelings...
10,This kind of movie has to do well. I was touched like a jewel in my life. Deokhee's acting as a child is really good, too^^ (Take tissues with tears in your eyes.) i)
10,I watched it today and it wasn't just a touching story at the end, but it was a sad movie because there were touching scenes everywhere
10,It was a really good movie~~
10,Make sure to watch it. Tears ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It was so touching^^ I sympathized and felt sad because these are stories that are happening in this generationGrandpa Lee Soonjae, the children's acting is so touching!!!
9,The butterfly in the middle was kind of bad, but the movie itself was good
10,No matter how sad the movie was, I didn't cry much, but this movie was just shedding tears. Everyone who made me feel how beautiful this seemingly obvious story can be, and actor Lee Soon-jae, thank you so much and thank you.
10,It's a sea of tears! Make sure to watch it!ㅠㅠ! My name is Deokgu Kim! Grandpa named it for me!
10,Personally, it was the best movie I've seen recently.
10,I cried my eyes out.I am moved and especially if I have a lot of love for my grandfather, tears can drop in 20 minutes.Sunjae's grandfather...It's really love
10,I cried the whole time I'm watching Lee Soonjae's best child actors and seven-year-old sons together. I was sadder that there would be a lot of friends like that in reality I'm not going to raise my son, but I'm going to look back on my friends in need and give them away I strongly recommend it as a family movie
10,The story is obvious, but tears came out after eight years.
10,It's my first time crying while watching a movie, but actor Lee Soonjae is so good at acting. ㅠㅠ I was really impressed The child actors were so good at acting and cute. ♡ It is my favorite movie♡♡
10,The first movie that leaves stars...
10,It's sad, but I enjoyed it I really enjoyed it
10,I watched it with my friend and I cried a lot after the movieㅠㅠT
10,이 영화에서 PINAY가 된 것이 자랑스럽습니다. 여러분 감사합니다.우리는 하나다!!!
10,Why am I crying from the beginning? I hope actor Lee Soonjae is always healthy. Child actors, good acting
10,The last one is really sad.ㅠㅠT
10,Tears and runny nose. I let it goLee Soonjae, you're so coolI fell in love with Ji Hoon's~~
10,It's a movie that makes you realize the importance of your family ㅜㅜㅠㅠ Deokgu, fighting!
10,I was overwhelmed by Lee Soonjae's acting♡ Personally, it's the best movie of my life♡ I was crying and sadI think the calm emotion was numb in my heart ㅜㅜ
10,The kids are so good at acting that they have to take tissues.
10,The best movie of my life. Lee Soonjae is the best
10,It's really the best!^^☆
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, I really respect him. ㅠㅠ He keeps chewing popcorn, blinking toy lights, and kicking the chair in the back. Are you sure you're educated?
10,I knew it was a predictable story and went in, but I just melted in and fell inI took 7-year-old Shin Chan and watched it with my son while cryingIt's a pure movie without any bad elements. It's heartwarming and healing♡♡♡
10,You have to watch this to know why it's perfect
10,I don't have a GPA job here
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Grandpa Soondae is the best I cried a lotㅠㅠ It's the best movie of my life. ㅠㅠIt was the saddest movie I've ever seen
5,The calm and touching movie is also Lee Soonjae
10,I cried my eyes out.ㅜㅜ I'm touched
1,It's a holiday movie. Lee Soonjae's acting skills are amazing
8,Really... Grandpa Lee Soonjae's acting is so cool!
10,100 points, 100 points, 100 points ㅠㅠ
10,I'm happy to see such a great movie
10,I watched it today and I kept crying with my friend. I couldn't stop crying for a second. It's my favorite movie ㅠㅠ♡♡ I love you
10,Please increase the number of theaters.
8,It was fun because Deokgu came out
10,It's a movie that doesn't require a rating. I don't usually cry after watching sad movies, but from the beginning to the end, tears come out, touching, sad, and just pollinating. Everyone, watch it This is the best movie I've ever seen. crying
10,I watched it with my daughters in elementary school, and they took away my tears and runny nose It's a heart-warming movie.Grandfather Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
10,I like Soonjae so much ㅜㅜㅜㅜ Child acting is the best
10,Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,Maybe my emotions are dry, so I cried to the point where my eyes were swollen because I had never cried while watching the movie. In particular, I wondered if Jihoon in Deokgu was born for acting. Of course, the acting of all the people on the show was great. I was happy to watch a good movie
10,Tears really come out
10,It's really touching...
10,It's touching and funYou watched it with your friend
8,It's sad and fun to expect tears to pop.  However, it's hard to empathize because the tempo is too short.
10,ㅠㅠHa... Take a tissue
10,It's a movie that you can't watch without tears. The child actors' acting is amazing
10,Make sure to watch the best movie ever
10,I cried and criedㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's been a long time since I saw a movie that is very sad
10,It's obvious, but stormy tears... ㅜㅜ 이순 Grandfather Lee Soonjae, please stay healthy ㅜㅜ Definitely. And the child actor is so good at acting ㅜㅜ I strongly recommend it
10,I saw Deokgu with my son The sting that comes up from my heart to my throat is the love of my parents.And family love, adults who cry with their hearts and children who are emotional and pure.Misunderstanding, understanding, and Deokgu's last line were all like jewels Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
10,I'm tearing up from the beginning
10,I was amazed by the acting of grandfather Lee Soon-jae and Jeong Ji-hoon in Deokgu.Sadness.. ㅠㅠ
10,I expected it to be obvious, and I was told it was obvious
7,The kids were so good at acting. I was so touched by Lee Soonjae's actingcrying
10,You're the best. Grandpa Lee Soonjae is so cool
7,I saw it at Gwanggyo Lotte Outlet She's the best for the kids
10,Is it really the best?Grandfather Lee Soonjae and Deokgu are the best
10,Best movie I've seen recently
10,It's the saddest movie I've ever seen
10,Deokgu is the best movie I've seen recently!
10,His warm heart is always praised
9,It's a movie that makes you cry if you follow the emotions instead of directing. It's been a while since I watched it with my heart
10,I was sad the whole time ㅠㅠ Phew, I recommend it
10,I cried a lot. It's a movie that doesn't waste of money
10,a touching film that makes one feel his grandfather's heart
10,It's such a touching movie
10,I cry the whole time I watch it. I hope it's a hitThis movie is
2,Muslim out. If possible, it's good for kids if Koreans marry each other
8,It's a warm movie. I enjoyed it
10,I want to see it again.
10,I hope more people will see this money than Gonjiamㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,^-^ -> T^T -> ^^ Grandpa Deokgu is the best
10,It was so much fun and sadㅠㅠ The actors were so good at acting that I was able to focus morecrying
10,A day I miss my grandfather so much
10,Wow... Tears are like Han River... No, the Pacific Ocean
10,I cry even when I'm not doing anything. Every line is so sad and touching. It's not a waste of money
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae's acting is the best!crying
10,♡ It's so sad. Make sure to watch it!
10,Why didn't I bring tissue?ㅠㅠI hope Deokgu doesn't miss out on things that are precious to us just as he realized what is truly precious to him! Multicultural families are also our precious neighbors. I hope this society will embrace children from multicultural families warmly.
10,It's a moving and good movie
10,I want to protect my family like grandfather Deokgu in real life. Thanks to actor Lee Soonjae, I was able to maximize my emotions. It was so nice.
10,The obvious is true. Not to mention Lee Soon-jae's acting, the child actors and supporting actors have no acting holes, and the children are so cute. Thanks to you, I was able to watch it comfortably and it's so sadㅠㅠ Everyone cries a lot in the theaterㅠㅠ Thank you for the good movie.
10,I watched how a small actor was so good at acting ㅠㅠ crying. It was so touching.
10,A movie like a fairy tale, a warm movie on a cold day
10,Deokgu praises the director for his warm heart, which depicts the precious family love in everyday life, and his great work that conveys a lot of touching and sad love through actor Lee Soon-jaeDeokgu, fighting!
8,It's good to relieve stress after spilling a bucket
10,As expected, Yeonip is Sunjae Grandpa
10,It's a masterpiece. ㅠㅠ It's a funny and sad storyㅠㅠ I know it's actually there, but I don't think I'll ever get tired of seeing it again I hope you all watch it Recommendations, recommendations!
10,This is the movie.  It's the best.  Thank you.  Thank you for making a good movie
10,Lee Soonjae's movie has zero points. There's no movie
10,It's so sad. Lee Soonjae is the best
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's really sad.Make sure you watch it
10,Deok-gu! Deok-hee! There are so many Deok-hee in this world.The movie reminds me of Deok-gu. Grandpa Soon-jae acting. Deok-hee has a lot of things in the world like her mother and her faucet are loosened.Deokgu. I support Grandpa ♡ Deokgu acting best ♡ Grandpa acting best ♡
10,It's making me sad.Thank you so much
10,Lee Soonjae's elementary school and Deokgua's part is touching my heartstrings
10,It's a heartbreaking and warm movie
10,Make sure to bring tissuesㅠㅠT
10,I really recommend ㅠㅠ for the last 30 minutes of the movie
10,It was a touching movieEveryone's acting was the bestㅜㅜ
10,A movie that makes you cry from start to finish. A movie that you trust and watch. A movie that reminds me of my grandfather.
10,I cried a lot while watching itㅜㅜ
10,I feel like a warm light has penetrated deep into my heart
10,Awesome! The movie that you couldn't miss from the start to the end... Tears and runny nose that I couldn't control... Actor Lee Soonjae, stay healthy!!!
9,I cried a lot while watching it
10,It's a movie that I can't express with words. I watched it as soon as it was released, but there weren't many people, so I watched it quietly and seriously There's nothing to say. It's worth watching 100 times more than GJ and I don't regret watching Deokgu without watching it Everyone, take a look
10,a poignant movie all the time
10,It was the best. Actor Lee Soonjae
10,Grandpa Lee Soonjae, I love you Are you healthy ♥? A movie that makes me cry just by looking at the preview
10,The movie theater is perfect ㅠ
10,A heart-warming movie...
10,It's been a while since I've seen a big movie. I keep getting emotional even on the bus going home.
10,My eyes were dry and hard because of dry eyes, but my vision became clearer because of real tears, not artificial tears :) Personally, I am sadder than a pack ㅠㅠ..
10,It's a sad movie because it's realistic. It is a sad movie where tears are flowing all the time when I feel empathy
10,From the beginning to the end of the movie, it makes me cry all the time.  It was so nice to express the importance of the family that we live together by rubbing our flesh.
10,It is no exaggeration to say that it is the saddest movie of all time. Honestly, it was much better than the previous movie. / I could understand Gyeongsang-do dialect I
10,It's the best movie of my life. The acting of Lee Soonjae and the child actor touches my heart.I cried throughout the movie.I really recommend movies
10,Lee Soonjae, who bursts into tears with his eyes, is the top actor in Korea
10,The movie where even the child actor acted well... I cried because I was sad the whole time I watched it.ㅜㅜI really recommend it!
10,Touching movie...He's really good at acting
10,I'll give you a rating for the first time. I saw a message that you participated in the movie without much expectation and went to watch it and came out sobbing. It was a movie with calm sadness and emotion from start to finish. More people will watch this movie!
10,It was a really touching movieㅠㅠ Both actor Lee Soon-jae and the kids' acting was the best!! Grandfather Lee Soonjae, I hope you live a long, healthy life ~><
10,I was so sad from beginning to end.crying
10,a moving movie with actors' acting
10,I thought it would be obvious, so I calmly went in and came out with tears and runny nose. Make sure to bring tissues. I'm serious. Make sure you take it. Seriously!
10,You were so cool.The movie was really touching, too.I thought of my father the whole time I saw him.I feel warm in my chest.
10,I love it. Thank you
10,It's really sad. ㅠㅠ As expected, actor Lee Soonjae who trusts and watches...!!
10,I enjoyed the movie.Tears keep coming out like I'm looking at myself when I was young
10,I'm so touched. I cried a lot.  Deokgu, fighting!
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae...It's a movie that makes me feel overwhelmed.Thank you.
10,I cried a lot before coming here Lee Soonjae's acting was amazing. Deokhee is so lovely and he's good at acting I think it's a movie that you should watch at least once ㅜㅜ
10,It's touching ㅜㅜㅜ Soonjae Grandpa's acting was even the best child actors ㅜㅜ It was so sad
10,The movie is sad, but it's not enough to make me cry, but my mom shows signs of solving it, and my grandfather doesn't die, so the audience cries a lot when I come out, and it was tacky for me to cry
10,I didn't expect much but it was a masterpiece.
10,You should watch it twice Look at it three times.If you want to cry, please watch it.ㅠㅠ♡
10,I respect you ㅠㅠ actor Lee Soonjae ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I cried a lot ㅠㅠT
10,I'm so touched. Make sure to watch itDeokgu!
10,I've never cried watching a movie.I cried for the first time. Fortunately, many other people cried, so I didn't feel embarrassed, but I'm planning to see them again with my parents.Please expand the opening and timeDon't be so hard on me because it's a low-budget movie.Wind with nothing left x3 has several tubes ㅜㅜ
10,It was a movie that reminded me of the meaning of life  It's a family movie that makes me think again
10,It's so sad that I can't even talk while crying. I watched it without thinking about Lee Soonjae, but it's fun. I think all the kids are so good at acting.
1,an old-fashioned new drama that only works in Korea
10,It's such a touching storyㅠㅠ A little bit while watching a movie. I shed tears, but it's my first time crying like thiscrying
10,Really. The best ㅜㅜ Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,Grandpa, you're so good at acting with tears, runny nose Deokguya ㅠㅠ
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae ㅜ.ㅜ.'
10,be black from beginning to end  I cried all the way from the whole time.  All the lines touch the heart. My heart hurts...Lee Soonjae, thank you so much.  Deokgu and Deokhee did a great job
10,About 20 minutes after the movie started, I cried all the time. Roll tissue is a must
10,How can I not cry after watching this?
9,I watched it because I like grandfather Lee Soonjae, but the story is weak, so it feels like it's cut off to cryㅠㅠ 건강 Stay healthy I'm just a fanLOL
10,I watched it with my grandmother and it was so much funI'm so touched and I can relate to it! I think I did a good job
10,It's my first time writing a rating, but I definitely want to write this movie I watched it alone yesterday and I cried and laughed ㅠㅠ I felt sorry for Deok-hee Deok-gu and I was worried about my grandfather ㅠㅠ I cried a lot while watching the movie. I hope you watch it!
10,The whole time I was watching the movie... Crying ㅜㅜ It was a calm yet warm movie...
10,A movie that makes me want to stop crying.
10,Make sure to take some tissue with you when you watch a movie
10,It was such a warm and nice movieI remember each and every child from the lead to the minor roles
10,I cried my heart out for the first time in a while.A movie that makes me think about my parents a lot.
10,Please increase the number of theaters Please, I cried a lot
10,It's been a while since I shed tears
10,It was the best, really, really...
10,I didn't know the movie was ending and I was immersed in itI think the name Lee Soonjae itself is so amazing. It seems like a warm and gentle movie.My heart was touched the whole time I watched it
10,Oh, really. I'm so sad.Lee Soonjae is the best. And how innocent and pretty the two little kids were.
10,As expected, Lee Soonjae teacher ㅠㅠ Most of the audience in the theater are crying... The child actors are so good at acting that I am proud of them and it is a very touching and warm movie. I watched it with my friends. I recommend watching it with your family
10,I miss my grandfather.
10,I cried my eyes out with my 7-year-old daughterIt's a heart-warming movieI'm touched by the actors' acting^^ When Deokgu Grandpa, Deokgu, and Deokhee cried togetherㅜㅜ
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae, live a long life
10,Tears come out of the waterfall without sincerity and willful will But it's a tear that purifies your heart and makes you feel warmI hope the movie will be successful for all the grandfathers who love all the ugly 8 years olds and grandchildren in our country but are not good at expressing themselves
10,There's no need for words It's the best.
10,Really fun ㅜㅜ actor Lee Soonjae, always be healthy
4,Even though it was a cliche story, the acting skills that led the audience
10,Tears keep falling ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Lee Soonjae is so cool.
10,Thank you so muchㅠㅠ It's a heartbreaking movie
10,I could see why Lee Soon-jae chose the work only by looking at the scenario. Calm and unaffected echoes of heart and tears. It was a movie without regrets. Deokgu, Deokhee, and Mom's acting was also good. Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy.
10,It was so touching I didn't force myself to be moved. I was so immersed in the flow that I almost cried Thank you for making a good movie.
5,The story is so cliche!It's like watching a TV drama.It's more fun than Gonjiam.
10,I went to watch it early in the morning, and I cried alone at a movie theater where there was no one thereㅠㅠ It's not just a new school, but a movie that reflects the reality of our marginalized society! The actors' acting skills are the best!
10,Lee Soonjae teacher, fighting!
10,A must-see movie with my parents
10,I was touched the whole time
10,I couldn't cry even when I watched movies these days, but I cried after watching Deokgu. Lee Soonjae, stay healthy for a long time
10,I just went to see it, but I enjoyed it
10,Actor Lee Soonjae is really...There's no modifier to describe itㅠㅠ♡♡
10,I really wanted to see it, so I looked it up, and this... It's showing two times, one early morning, one late night... Such movies do not receive many theaters, and movies that do not even know what they are about occupy most of the theaters. I think we should put quotas on multiplexes.
6,It's like plain soft tofu. Without sweet soy sauce...
10,Tearful ㅠㅠ Thank you
10,I cried a lot.It reminds me of my grandfather.Make sure to watch it! My eyes are so swollen.)
10,It's so much fun. Really... a masterpiece
10,I miss my grandfather, too
9,Thanks to teacher Lee Soonjae, I cried a lot ㅠㅠㅠ It's been a while since I was touchedㅠ
10,Everyone who watched it with me is crying.I cried, too.
10,Lee Soonjae is the best! I watched a proper family movie after a long time!
9,I liked the movie because it was natural and not forced. It just made me sad. Actors are the best. ㅠㅠ Touching
10,I was so touched.
10,I went to watch it with a light heart and cried a lot.Make sure to take tissues~Lee Soonjae is the best!
10,Just look. It's not a waste of money.
10,I'm sure it's the best movie of the year. You have to watch it. You have to watch it. You have to watch this movie It's so much fun. It's so touching and fun Make sure to watch it twice. Deokhee is so cute
10,I watched it holding hands with a 91 year old grandmother. Maybe it's because I watched it with my grandmother. ㅠ
10,A movie that makes you realize how precious it is
10,The man cried three times, but he used it twice.
10,It's really sad. You did a great job
10,I watched it with my parents, and it was all a sea of tears~It wasn't forced, so it was even better
10,It reminded me of my grandfather
10,Much sadder and more tearful than expected, heartwarming movie, clasping mom's hand next to her
10,It's a very warm and kind movie Grandpa Lee Soonjae and Grandpa Jangkwang, please continue to work on good projects♡
10,It was the best movie of my life.ㅜㅜ
10,I cried more than half the time ㅠㅠ
10,It was so real when Deokhee vomited. Acting Deokgu. Deokhee is so good. The story might be obvious, but it was a movie that I fell for because of acting. It wasn't boring at all. Actor Lee Soonjae's point of view and Deokgu's point of view. Everyone's point of view
10,I was amazed by Deokgu's acting
10,I really enjoyed watching it warmly. .
10,Even in the worst case scenario, we embrace each other. To find true love. A movie that makes you find a ray of hope in a tough reality. I was so touched. Deokgu (Deokgu
10,I cried. It's been a long time since I cried after watching a Korean movie
10,I cried the most while watching movie until now. ㅜㅜㅜ
10,It's very warm. Teacher Lee Soonjae's acting. Movie. It feels like I met a good movie after a long time
10,We don't have enough tissue. It's been a long time since I've cried a lot. ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,A good movie, a movie you need.
10,It's a shame that there aren't enough theaters. You have to watch a movie like this Deokgu, fighting!
9,Lee Soonjae is the best ㅠㅠ Deokgu is so good at acting too ㅠㅠ!! It's perfect to watch with your family
10,I was waiting for the screening.It's not a lot. I had a hard time watching it ㅠㅠ I want to show my parents on the weekend, but it is hard to find a theater. Please increase the number of theaters! I want to watch it with my parents again I feel overwhelmed.I miss my grandfather ㅜㅜ
10,It's already a masterpiece just because you're the main character of Lee Soonjae, but after watching it, it's a masterpiece
10,I can't cry watching this.I hate forced tears, but I liked it because it was calm and warm touching. ㅠㅠ I miss my grandfather
10,I cried too much...I guess I'm getting old
10,I liked it because it wasn't forced tears.It's been a while since I was touched!
1,There's nothing but Soonjae
10,I cried a lot with people in the movie theater from the start. I'm so moved that I can't get rid of my lingering feelings.
10,Best man!! ^^~~jQuery224036189821739729_1522974853505
10,The movie that comes out crying
10,I respect actor Lee SoonjaeㅠㅠI thought of my grandfather a lot while watching Deokgu.Thank you for making a movie called Deokgu^^
8,In fact, it feels more like a documentary than a movie. It's like watching a human theater with a sad story The filming technique doesn't feel like a movie of 2018. So there is a calm charm. Honestly, it's a little obvious, but it still makes me cry.
10,It's the best. I watched it with my parents and children.I feel a lot more^^ Actor Lee Soonjae is the best.
10,I've been squirming the whole time crying
10,"You can't be nice to me, can't I?
10,I love you so much.The ending is a bit futile, but Korean movies always end up with your imagination.For the first time in my 22 years of life, I cried my eyes out at the movie theater The best and the movie I want to see again. Please live a long life, Soonjae!
10,Grandfather Lee Soonjae ㅜㅜ Live a Long Life
10,It's not a forced tear-jerker. It's a movie that makes me cry. The movie theater was full of tearsㅠㅠ It's my first time leaving a movie review like this Everyone is so good at acting, too! Make sure to watch it!
10,Awesome. My friend cried It's sweet
10,Lee Soon-jae also gave a lot of impression, but the acting of the child actor in charge of Deokgu-Hal seems to have given a great impression. It was the best performance. Actors are the best!
10,I went to watch it late at night and came out crying
10,I thought it wasn't that fun and I cried
10,It's so cool It's very
1,The kid just screamed, and then it ended. I don't know where to cry. A hopeless movie... I used to sprinkle bait, but I'm in a rush to collect it later. A movie about raising a chick and hunting...
10,Thank you for being so touched^^
10,The movie that reminded me of my grandfather a lot...Later, when I saw Lee Soonjae's face, I cried I cried a lot because all the emotions in each expression touched my heartㅠㅠ 항상 Teacher Lee Soonjae, always be healthy!!
10,Laughter, tears, and runny nose
10,It was my first time to watch a movie where my eyes were swollen because I cried a lotI kept crying without knowing the time went by, but tissue or handkerchief is a must when I go in.ㅠㅠ
10,I saw it at the premiere, and all the cast members including Lee Soonjae are acting so well.It's touching, fun, and has lessons.I cried without tears.All the men in the theater cried, too.It's a movie that makes you laugh and cry!
10,Make sure to take tissues I cried from beginning to end.Thank you for your great acting
10,I cried 20 minutes after the movie started. I would have cried a lot if I were alone in the movie theater
10,I cried my eyes out from the beginning to the endㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'm so sad!!It became my life movie. ㅠㅠ?
10,Tears flow from the beginning of the movie to the end. The handkerchief was wet. It is a movie that many people have seen.
10,Please act for a long time and stay healthy. I enjoyed this movie with a warm heart.
10,I cried too much.ㅠㅠEven though it was obvious, tears welled up in the middle ㅠㅠ Lee Soon-jae was moved and sadder because it seemed real, not acting.Children's acting is amazing, too
10,I think I'm going to cry over something like this. I watched it while saying, "JQuery224023166637315324834_1522939346008."
10,From beginning to end, tears...ㅠㅠT
10,He couldn't use his legs before he died. He was happy when he lay down and put side dishes on the rice when he ate. I should've come to see you more often. Tears welled up throughout the movie ㅠㅠ
10,It's a realistic enough movie. It's been a long time since I watched a series of stimulating movies with real tears, not forced tears. It's not a waste of money even if I watch it twice or three times. First of all, actor Lee Soonjae and (G)I-DLE's acting is perfect. It's a shame this is the last time you're starring
10,Do I need to say anything? ㅠㅠ I read the comments for the first time on Naver
10,A moving movie! It's so sad
10,Make sure to watch Deokgu! I think there should be a lot of movies like this
10,A moving movie that makes you cry...It's the best
10,I should go to see Lee Soonjae if his class is different
10,Review... :??
8,I didn't cry after watching this movie with God. I usually don't cry, but this is sad. After the movie, the person in front of me is crying and crying. Shut up, not part time job, student
10,It's fun and it's so sad... It's worth watching
10,It's touching. Actor Lee Soonjae and Deokhee act so well. It's a heartwarming movie Make sure to bring tissues when you watch movies
10,Many movies these days are based on the names and promotions of actors, and there are many movies that are uncomfortable or frustrating, but it was a movie that made me cry warm and clean tears all the time I watched it I hope everyone watches it It's for the entire audience. Please show us the power of children and teenagers
5,When Lee Soonjae's face cries once.
10,Awesome! Teacher Lee Soonjae... Acting is really the light.It's the first time I'm sobbing because I'm touched by one expression.Make sure to watch this with your familyTake a pack of tissues
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae, stay healthy! I want to see you on the screen and on the cathode ray tube for a long time!
10,Lee Soonjae teacher is really an actor...I heard it's no guarantee. How can you be so immersed in acting?It doesn't feel like I'm forcing you to cry
10,The movie theater is full of tears--ㅜ
10,As expected, Lee Soonjae teacher! Fighting!
10,weep with emotion at the meaning of a word "it's all right" And we're all a fan of someone.
10,The realistic acting, Jung Ji Hoon, and Lee Soon Jae both acted so well that everyone in the theater cried ㅠㅠ Stay healthy for a long time and show us better acting
10,It was like watching a human documentary, not a movieㅜㅜ 10 stars were not enough for meㅜㅜ Lee Soonjae's acting is really... It's a first for me to leave comments, but I hope a lot of people see it
10,I cried while watching it with my mom ㅜㅜ Lee Soon-jae's acting is the best!
10,It's so sad. I really enjoyed the movie
10,I've never used a rating, but I can't help but use this movie. Lee Soonjae's acting and child actor's acting make me cry and runny. Watch it 100 times and 1000 timesㅜㅜ I really want this movie to be a hit and I feel sad and I should be good to my grandfather.
10,On the first opening day in Mokpo, I watched it in the first hour, and I cried so much that my eyes were swollen. I came home and two tears were pouring out I strongly recommend this movie Make sure to watch it. Thank you, teacher Lee Soonjae, for your great acting.
10,Thank you teacher Lee Soonjae for being so touched.
10,Always, always, an actor who will never be forgotten by us, and an actor who will never be forgotten. I sincerely hope that you will always be there.
9,If it's a Korean movie, I'll definitely go to the theater
10,It's been a while since I cried and it was a sad and touching movie (recommended to people around me) It was a movie that showed various relationships between grandfather and grandchild, daughter-in-law and father-in-law. Of the things Deokgu said, wouldn't it be okay without me? Is it that part? It was so touching
2,Forced... It wasn't fun It wasn't even sad.
10,Not to mention Lee Soonjae's acting, the children were so good that I thought I was the only one crying. I didn't make any noise and cried, but I started crying right awayㅠㅠ It's a really interesting movie that I can watch with empathy
10,I cried throughout the movie ㅠㅠ It was so nice because it wasn't forced and the actors are so good at acting!!! You're the best!
10,You're so good at acting. Make sure to watch it
10,You can feel it just by looking at the poster
10,I saw it today and I cried and my head hurtsㅠㅠ 펑 I cried so much that my stress was relieved and it was so nice Lee Soonjae's acting is really... It's the best. If you're going to watch it, don't think about it. Take some tissues
10,I usually cry a lot, but after watching this, I cried for another hour I've never seen such a sad movie. Grandfather Lee Soonjae acts so well
10,I took my two 10-year-old and 7-year-old daughters to see them My second son, who usually wants to go to the bathroom in an hour and a half even when he watches a cartoon, sat down and watched me sobbing all the time It was a good movie to watch with the kids and me It's touching and calm
10,Really... I cried a lot while sobbing I keep thinking about my baby and actor Lee Soonjae and Deokgu's acting is really... It was unbelievable. I'm not forcing you to cry. I'm crying without realizing it ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it Really ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I cried and had a runny noseㅠㅠ at the end, my grandfather and I came out so I want to see it one more time
1,Honestly, the content is obvious. Lee Soonjae's acting skills are amazing
10,Actor Lee Soonjae. Child actor Jihoon. All actors who appear in Deokgu, Jiyoon, are the best!It's stormy tears ㅠㅠㅠIt's a movie that you can put in your heart with warm energy in the rainy weatherDeokgu, fighting! Deokgu, hit jackpot!
10,I cried my eyes out.ㅠㅠ Great acting! Deokgu, Deokhee, and Sunjae's acting skills are the best
10,Out of 10 for the audience? I was like, "Is it a part-time job?" And I saw it and it was really worth 10shivering
10,The sad story of Deokgu and his grandfather. A stormy tear. The ending suddenly ended in vain;;; I did, but I enjoyed it^-^
4,I don't know... It was a very disappointing movie. Of course, there's nothing to say about Lee Soon-jae's acting skills, but I felt that there was no plot, directing, or anything that made me cry a typical Korean movie an inconclusive and unexpected ending
10,Actor Lee Soonjae, please stay healthy and show us good acting The movie made me cry, but it wasn't forced, so I loved it
10,Let's not watch the preview. I should go watch itI wanted to! It was so touching to see actor Lee Soonjae acting in a movie that still lingersI enjoyed the movieFor those who didn't see it, go watch it before you regret it
10,Teacher Lee Soonjae and the child actor are so good.  It was a heart-warming movie for the first time in a while
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure you watch it. It's really sad
10,A movie that seems predictable but not obvious ♡ a good movie!
10,Lee Soonjae, always be healthy!crying
10,Make sure to take a tissue before you enter
10,If it's Lee Soonjae, 10 points...
10,I knew it would be sad, but I'm sweating from my eyes ㅠㅠ
10,Standing ovation at the cinema. I cried for the first time
2,Straight One-Two Punch Grokee
10,It's a pretty good movie.
10,Maybe because it was a realistic story, it was more touching and sad It reminds me of my grandmother and grandfather ㅠㅠ
10,Tears welled up, touching moments. I really appreciated all the actors' acting.
10,It is not only natural that a veteran is good at acting, but also thorough self-management.
10,It's a movie that anyone can't help but cry while empathizing. The directing was good and Deokhee is so cute
10,The natural acting that reminded me of my late grandfather made me cry.It was heartbreaking to recommend but it was a good movie
10,I watched it early in the morning and criedㅠㅠ 최고 You're the best Lee Soonjae, I love you
10,I cried watching the preview before it was releasedㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I came out of the movie, but I keep crying, and I can feel silent sobbing from Lee Soon-jae's acting.
10,It's a masterpiece that sheds tears, runny nose, and even water. Suddenly the fountain came out.
10,What do people say when they speak in Gyeongsang-do dialect? Do they eat?
1,Bae Yong Joon and Song Joong Ki's acting life is a joke. It's Lee Soon Jae's work, so I'll give you 1 point
1,I don't want to hear Gyeongsang-do dialect
8,It's a movie with tears and runny nose.
10,I can't stop crying
10,Movie very sad ㅠㅠ There are not many movies like this these days, but it is so warm and touching that I am going to watch it again with my parents
10,I don't know how many times I sniffled.ㅠ.ㅠ Thank you for the moving movie.
10,It's touching. I cried a lot after a long time~~
10,I recommend it. It's warm
10,It's touching. I enjoyed it^^
10,It just came out, but it still lingers
10,I wailed softly It's been a while since I felt this
10,It's my first time to write a rating and it's so touching. Tears and runny nose You watched it with a tissue in your nose ㅠㅠ
10,I love the acting of movie actors who make me cry sincerely.This movie made me cry to the point of exhaustion.
10,It was a day when I wanted to cry, but I cried my eyes out because of the movie!Thank you, Lee Soonjae!
10,I squeezed out tears and runny nose I took a tissue pack with me, and I got fired. I could relate to how well Deokhee actedIt's a movie where you learn the importance of family! It's great to watch it with (G)
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is definitely...Always stay healthy.
9,The movie is really good! Lee Soonjae acted so well... That was good, and it could be obvious, but it's not obvious and it's a heart-warming movie!
10,Lee Soonjae's acting is a masterpiece and love that doesn't need explanation Thank you for your passionate acting  Please show us for a long time
10,Such tears are not a waste of time.
10,An honest and warm movie.
10,I almost cried when I heard the line, "Even if you're the best, I can't be grandfather." ㅜㅜ Actor Lee Soon-jae and his children's acting are amazing.It was so touching and sad
10,I feel like I'm going to cry just watching the polite episode.ㅜ
10,What makes our lives light?
10,It's the first day of its release, but I watched it with Jojo in the morning. I found out why Lee Soonjae worked on it with no guarantee after watching the movieI really enjoyed it^^ I recommend it
5,I don't think it's okay to use dialect
10,If it's obvious, it's obvious, but...It's a touching and warm movie.
10,It's a simple, touching movie. It's not forced
10,Lee Soonjae, please stay there.
10,I didn't know the time went by and I cried while watching it It's a touching and good story. I heard that Lee Soonjae appeared as a grandfather, no guarantee. Thanks to the good movie, I enjoyed it^^
10,I can't help but cryㅠㅠ 결 The ending isn't just sad, so I'm very satisfied!
10,I was so sad when Deokgu was looking for his mother on the street in AnsanIt's a moving movie. I highly recommend it!ㅠ
10,It was nice to see her ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It was just nice to see you.
10,I was so sad ㅠㅠ 엄청 I cried a lot ㅠㅠ I felt numb just watching Lee Soonjae's acting
1,The acting is all good, but the dialect makes it impossible to immerse yourself. I hope you don't have to use Gyeongsang-do actors or people who act perfectly  It was a shame that my immersion was broken
10,I think grandfather Lee Soonjae's arms will be really warm
10,Personally, I don't waste much money than Gonjiam
10,This place is good. It's amazing
10,Lee Soonjae, I love youㅠㅠ♡
10,It's such a touching and fun movie. Lee Soonjae!♡
10,This movie is about Kim Jae-bbang, the king of Deokgu!
10,It was nice to see her ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It was just nice to see you.
10,I was so sad ㅠㅠ 엄청 I cried a lot ㅠㅠ I felt numb just watching Lee Soonjae's acting
1,The acting is all good, but the dialect makes it impossible to immerse yourself. I hope you don't have to use Gyeongsang-do actors or people who act perfectly  It was a shame that my immersion was broken
10,I think grandfather Lee Soonjae's arms will be really warm
10,Personally, I don't waste much money than Gonjiam
10,This place is good. It's amazing
10,Lee Soonjae, I love youㅠㅠ♡
10,It's such a touching and fun movie. Lee Soonjae!♡
10,This movie is about Kim Jae-bbang, the king of Deokgu!
