또 하나의 약속
2,It's a red movie. Some people don't sell Samsung. Don't buy them.
1,Actually, I told them to wear a mask and work, but they took it off because they were frustrated, but they got sick, but they opened Samsung C&T
2,An incendiary trash movie that doesn't have any reality. Look at the comments after watching the KCTU group
4,It's too bad...;;;
2,Disgust at large corporations and weak compatriots in tears = Suspicious commercial movies.
4,The subject covered is well worthwhile and should be respected. However, the film, which is tacky, crude, corny, and full of new waves, is disappointing because it is very low on the subject.
1,You know what you're getting from attacking big businesses like this, and you're fighting for a big deal?  Seriously, how much did he give you?   Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It reminds me of a group that sells grandmothers  When it comes to civic organizations, can you think of the idea of a gold badge?  If Samsung makes a movie about what it did for the people, it will be even more successful. The spirit of founder Lee Byung-chul, the "business conservation" business, makes the country rich. Please make it a country that lives well  Thank you so much  It's not directly related to Samsung, but whenever we go abroad, it's Samsung
1,Yes, boycott everything Japanese boycott Samsung boycott Korean Air boycott And go and live in North Korea, a humanitarian tribute to the Reds
1,Look at OOO's boring demagoguery movie rating manipulation lol
1,기름기
6,It's topical, but not in entertainment. A movie that seems to carry a heavy burden to go to Seoul
1,Nunia pushes ahead with the contract
1,Not really!!!!...
6,I hope your father came to our school yesterday and gave a lecture. Thank you for the lecture
1,Roh Moo Hyun Come back to life
3,You should have made a documentary if you thought you'd do it this way. I can't believe we can't produce this much with each and every one of our precious donations. If it wasn't based on a true story, it would have been worth 3 points. I don't know if you cast Park Chulmin as a supporting actor who plays a joke or throws a joke.
1,I'll give you 1 point first.
4,Unfortunately, the screenplay as a movie lacks a lot... especially the dialect does not concentrate even in serious situations...Park Chulmin's ad-lib is also disappointing
1,Lee Dong Jin. Park Pyeong Sik. Those are very @@@
1,Cheonggari, scallop, agar, agar, agar, agar, cyanide
3,Park Chulmin's cancer is really
3,A country that I want to change so that I can keep that promise
1,I'm impressed. A movie is just a movie.
1,You have to make a good movie because you only have a sense of purpose.
4,I think documentary would have been better
6,As expected, to me, romance is not that...
1,It was sad and sad, but it was just that far. I was attracted to the subject and watched it without realizing it, but it was really artistic. It dealt with the sad fight of the family against the tyranny of the parent company. However, the movie's ability to capture is so insignificant that the charges cannot be properly filed
1,I looked it up because it came up, so I looked it up, and I knew that actor Chungsan Gyuri and Lee Kyung-young were coming out, so I threw it away right away. It would be a trash movie
1,It's a movie that's trying to impress.
1,Another emotional man ^^
1,Another promise...
1,The movie that touches the hearts of the people on the left is trash!
1,No matter what anyone says, Samsung is the best company in name and reality. Don't make another trash movie.
6,Aside from the movie, it's really heartbreaking.
1,It wasn't as good as I thought ㅠㅠ
1,Camel Gyuri who wants to make money, but
1,My friend says it's not funnyㅜㅜㅜ
1,I'd rather have cyanide. One point is too much
1,This shows how incompetent he is It's the father who made her die. Only the poor daughter dies
6,The story is a bit calm, but it was a touching movie
2,Honestly, it's not fun Why are you paying me for this?
2,Why did you get more than 10 points?Honestly, if it wasn't for the movie, the story was really sad, but the book was 100 times better, and it was the first time I was bored while watching a movie
6,It's a brave challenge. However, there is still a long way to go. That is the current state of Korea.
1,I'm sure the movie industry has more irregularities than Samsung
1,To be honest, it's obvious and boring It's not a movie that can get this rating
6,Is it right to watch a movie only?
1,It's not good to give 10 points without looking
1,Before I made another promise
5,I saw it well. ^_^
1,I don't like Samsung, but I need to get a job at SamsungMJH
1,The purpose is good, but the content is not as interesting as it can be made into a movie, and the production is not bad
1,I need to get a job at Samsung~~
1,Are accusations allowed to be boring, boring, and clumsy? Why are you pouring 10 points? Intent was a good movie. The content and Park Chul-min's acting were not good enough.
6,If it's a true story, I'd have to act more real to get into character. My Gangwon dialect, North Korean dialect, and Gyeongsang dialect are mixed, so I can't get into it. Except for a few minutes, acting is also a Korean book.Oh, my
5,an uncomfortable truth drawn on a rough drawing paper
6,It is heartbreaking and sad to fit the accusation film. But that's all. The case is ongoing. Cheer up
6,In this movie, boys in their 20s and 30s who are not capable come to this movie and get angry at companies or countries with their grades. What is Samsung cursing? What's "Il-Bed-Drip" in "Ved-Dit"? "Inciting"
1,1 point for cyanide-garigyu
5,I enjoyed watching the movie
5,It's a well-timed movie, but the movie itself has 6 stars or less.
5,I applaud the courage to tell the truth. Thank you for telling me what you didn't know.I'm disappointed in the movie
1,Are they all surplus or middle school or high school students? I know it's not close, but the working environment isn't a mess. Where are you working and caring in a good environment like Samsung? Then you guys can work in a neighborhood that costs 5,000 won. Don't work in any industry, just wash your fingers at home.
5,The world of movies where the weak appeal to the strong cannot be equal
1,ㅊㅅㄱㄹ ㅊㅅㄱㄹ ㅊㅅㄱㄹ
2,Best is a really good movie.a national must-have film
1,When are you going to eat cyanide, Iggy!Shake it, Leegi!
6,The story is obvious. But it's a movie where you can face reality.
6,Good, good, good, good.Good, good, good
3,It's not very personal, it's a distortion of the facts Did Samsung really laugh at patients and mock them? The movie is rather disgusting and makes up false emotions
1,How could Samsung do that?
6,Aside from the content of the movie, the chemistry between the director and the characters seems to be weak.
1,If Samsung calls us, we've got all the people who'll be loyal and work hard
1,It's not fun. Hahaha
1,It's a meaningful movie, but the movie quality is zero.
3,It's kind of boring to watch.
1,You've released a lot of part-timers. Is it 10 points for Samsung? If you want to see social criticism, you want to know thatLook at me
1,Cheongsan-Gyuri and Park Chul- How can you film a lefty red movie like this? That's amazing. The real left seems to have an eye for incitement. Get out of here! It's a red movie
4,Just for the fun of the movie... Four points.
1,A movie made by pro-North Korean red people. Help the needy with the money to make this crap.
1,A collaboration between the Japanese, who are bent on killing Samsung, and the Jeolla-do Minju, who are their hounds. Abe's absurd remarks mean Abe in all parts of the country, but Jeolla-do, his hound dog, barks at Park Geun Hye. Small business poor workers are indifferent to democracy
1,Leftist film dreaming of a proletarian revolution...A lawyer glorifying a president who committed suicide after taking bribes...The communist left-wing trash movie that immoralizes capitalist conglomerates and depicts labor as the driving force behind social development, including Samsung, which has led Korean society today.
3,Kim Gyuri's bad acting and other actors' bad acting; and the development is so weird;;
6,I saw it sadly, but the sad thing is that Samsung is the number one company that job seekers prefer...
5,If this is really true...It's a big problem.But... It's sad that you showed a strong impetus
1,A movie that's worth a point. Samsung is definitely bad, right?LOL, people on the left. LOL
1,I don't like Cheongsan Gyuri, so I give her Minju
1,Even if I think about it 10 times and 100 times, I feel sorry for Jeolla-do island slaves
6,It doesn't make sense to have such a high rating I was bored to death watching the movie, aside from being moved, it's not fun
2,This movie is ridiculous. If it's based on a true story, you shouldn't have lied and exaggerated. It's because it's a movie? It's like a documentary and it's a movie that includes exaggeration and lies and shows persuasion and compassion on one side?
6,You can't just believe one word, but...In fact, the common people are infinitely weak in front of power, but I think everyone needs to pay more attention to prevent the movement of large companies.More than fun and touching, the process of accusation is a bit loose. Personally, I think Park Chul-min's acting as a commoner was a bit lacking
1,Another family, horizontal instinct, Suwon hospital, Jinseong...And so on, I know everything about it, but I don't watch it, I give it 10 points, I give it another movie rating, and I turn my eyes upside down
1,A boring, boring documentary movie, "9 points is a lot of information, but I can't get rid of the feeling that it's a boring movie made for Samsung."
6,A family movie that would have been nice to stay up all night
5,I enjoyed watching the movie...The theater is a total bummer.The theater in Jungnang-gu is so disappointed that a couple can't even get out of the audience because they're getting married. No, I did it when I got married. Why would you use the moviegoers as pawns and tell them you're getting married? What do you want me to do?Annoying
1,Huh? All the left-wing filmmakers are here
1,I think the production intention and material are very good, but the production and story are too sloppy. below expectations
4,I am very sorry for the victims and their families.However, based on this material, the movie only appeals to forced emotions. Rather than describing their pain and injustice well, they only make sad scenes and play background music. It's a boring and frustrating development that would have hurt the victim even more
6,Big companies should show responsibility like big companies...
6,The content is good, but I feel the awkward Gangwon dialect and lack of directing skills.
6,I think you're looking for Samsung.Honestly, it's not that interesting
1,I watched it for about 30 minutes.I thought it was a story about North Korea because the actors said it with a North Korean accent But it's about Gangwon-do How can people in Gangwon-do use that accent? It was disgusting. I didn't want to see it It's a waste of a single star
1,Didn't you glorify it too much?
5,I enjoyed watching such movies Hah!
3,It was a movie that I decided to watch because the production intention was good. Honestly, I'm really looking forward to it. There are too many cringe-worthy scenes. It would have been a big issue if the other director had made it right.
6,There's no tension in the courtroom drama, but the weight of the true story is plentiful
1,People who swear at Samsung after watching this movie will be brainless. If you want to be president in the future, film a movie and become president, then you become president. The Korean people are stupid and act pitiful.If you seduce me, I'll vote for you
1,He's using his Samsung phone and saying, "Do Samsung fail." If Samsung isn't here, how many people would fall to Korea? If Samsung gets a job, they'll kneel down
1,In the movie, "San-san-gar-Kim"...The answer is out
4,It was unfortunate, but it was inconvenient throughout the whole time. The movie was made based on a true story and was able to fully sympathize with the pain and sadness of the victims.  The acting was great, but I think it was not enough to express their feelings and stories in the movie with this kind of material.
1,It's a waste of stars. The material was so good that I wanted to watch it because of the material, but I was disappointed Totally. I didn't want to leave a review, but it came to mind because it was a popular search word. I hope that a director who makes a good movie will make it into this material again. It's not a joke. It's a trash movie.
6,If this was a different world, you should have changed already. Isn't the cell phone Samsung's?
1,Just another incitement.
1,I'm a waste of even one of the worst films of my life that I've ever described as a bad hire company
3,Nice material, but not fun...I wish it was more touching
5,The movie is good, but the editing is terrible.I wish it had been edited more neatly
1,It is a movie about a left-wing conspiracy in which the image of Samsung, Korea's leading company, is lost. It is a shameless movie that made it an issue for companies that account for 25% of the Korean economy to get sick by their own mistakes. I think the demagogues should be removed now.
1,It's not going to be fun. It's going to be a waste of money.
1,It would be nice to advertise left-wing movies on Naver when VOD comes up Is your back warm?
1,Cheap Emotions for Koreans, Choi Roo-sung Movies
2,The content is good, but it's not fun.
1,Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam! Yes Jam!
1,Look at the incendiary movie. Pro-North Korea out
1,I'm touched by your hard work.I'm reminded of "Gravity's No Rubber, Electricity, and String Bone Powder.Members, can you download this illegally?
5,I think it's a movie that hit a company directly It was a movie where I felt a lot of righteous people to help one company and one family I pray for social well-being
1,I can't understand the culture of giving 10 points even before I see it. I didn't see it either, but if I give you 1 point, you'll get cursed at first
1,Throw away the spy incitement film. This is disgusting.
1,I definitely watch movies like this
1,How long do we have to keep an eye on this waste of film?
1,You should study for a movie like this
4,I'm sad about the actors' acting
1,There's a cicada rice punch that you said you'd die from eating American beef
1,Low class leftists who were impressed by this movie. Search for the house price you are buying now. Damn right? You're impressed by this film because it's at the level of your family, and you're left-wing. Raise the level a little bit. If you don't want to live in that neighborhood forever.
1,Ha... I only watched the ratings and threw away the money; I'm not moved, the content is boring, I'm sleepy, and the part-timers are annoying
1,I heard it's a seditious movie I'm sick of Korean-style demagogues
1,I want to make a face of Park Chul-min on the poster.
1,I'd rather eat cyanide than watch a movie with cyanide He's not fast enough to join, he's not responsible for what he says, he's changing his name, and he's running away. Why are you making a cheap sound and changing his name to Kim Gae-ddong?
1,It's a trash movie that blames big companies for selling emotions and getting sick. It's your own decision to sell your health for money. You like it when you get a lot of money while working, but when death approaches, you blame big companies. There's a reason for big money.
1,What's the point of promoting with external pressure?I heard that the audience will get zero pointsThe reservation rate is at the bottom, but what are the people talking about the theater?
1,I'm sorry I paid for this trashy movie. I can't believe the 90's sentimentalism still works.
1,A lying demagogue and a foolish audience who believes it to be real
1,Let's adjust the rating. Korean movies have high ratings
6,Except for everything else, the quality of the movie is not that great. I don't want to recommend it
1,Samsung is the most well-off of the nation's largest conglomerates, but it is nonsense that the cancer rate is rising
1,It's touching, but the score is too high
1,Because of the cover...0
1,The movie is a nail in my dad's heart.
1,It's the worst movie ever
1,Why is this lawyer-like movie rated high?
1,It is no different from not being able to call Samsung, not being able to call Gildong, my father, and father.Thus, the director and the producer, hand in hand, cross the wall, and leave for Yuldo.The late Apple founder, Stephen Jobsong, is a big fan of the movie
5,The material itself was full of meaning... The actor's acting is a bit. It was difficult to immerse myself in the line itself. It is a pity that it would have been better if it had been delivered with more realistic lines and acting.
1,I don't know where to cry or how to be moved. Some actors ruin the movie and the development is not good. The first movie that made me think that I could make it more interesting
1,Hahahaha. I'm so sad that I have a runny nose
5,It's a touching movie, but I don't like sad movies, so I cried a little and watched depressing scenes, so I was depressed all the time He's such a good actor.
1,I can't call Samsung Samsung
1,I can't call Samsung Samsung,
1,Most people believe the adaptation is true, so please don't adapt it
1,an unspeakable low-grade demagogue
1,Do lefties give 10 points to anti-chaebol anti-government movies? Manipulate it
1,It's rubbish and not worth seeing
5,Honestly, it's not fun
1,How long do you want to be cursed at by the same repertoire? Cursed by the country, cursed by Park Chung-hee, and cursed
1,If you are sick, quit and look for another job. Did you suddenly get sick? They went to work because they were Samsung, and when they went to work, they blamed the company for making a movie. There is no answer
1,Why is a movie so lame? Is this a movie or an act?
1,Do you want to go to Samsung while going to Samsung? You little lefties
3,It's not fun or touching to just peel off Samsung...
4,It was not easy to watch the movie due to the small number of theaters and moviegoers, but I visited the movie theater with high ratings.The result is a great disappointment. The purpose and intention of the work were good, but the actors' performances prevented them from immersing themselves in the movie and the story was insufficient. It's too bad.
6,It's just the tyranny of a big company, but why Samsung put pressure on this...
1,..the person I watched with was so.I ran out in anger
2,I understand the intention of the production as if it were a flash, but that does not cover up the poorness of the result. Let's make it well.
1,I thought I was bored to death while watching the movie. Honestly, do you think Korea can exist without Samsung? I can proudly say that I am a Korean even when I go abroad because of Samsung Semiconductor, but I think it is natural to sacrifice cattle for a great cause
6,Regardless of the content of the play, filming is not continuous, but rather short-circuited.Regret
6,For those who are fighting hip.
5,Let's put down all the social accusations and watch the movie itself. Something is clumsy and inept.
4,It's so boring When I saw the story of Samsung, the father tried to save his daughter with great interest, but he did not shed tears and gave me fun, but I felt awkwardIt feels like I'm about to cry, but it's like that
6,'Another Courage' to face them.
1,Some people say they want to see the movie rating, but they're bored. Most of the time, it's because one company did something wrong, so watch it Then is this movie a documentary? I'll give you 1 point because you won't be able to watch a movie
1,Objectively boring. You're appealing too much.
1,At first, I liked Cheolmin Park and thought the movie would be touching, but I understand what the incident was about.  If you don't watch this movie and don't give me 10 points, I'll give you 1 point because of the person who treats it as a person who is out of common sense.And when I was a lawyer.It's very...
1,Not funny..;;:
4,How about making it into a documentary instead of a movie?
1,It's not fun. It's not fun at all
1,In our country, we can't make a movie without being forced to do so
3,an actor who plays supporting roles in the obvious I lamented over the lack of impact and clumsy settings.
1,Don't manipulate the ratings.
2,On one side, Samsung is a mess because they can't enter, and on the other side, they can't eat, and how many families Samsung feeds? Let's have some quiet, please.
1,Let's not make demagogues or pay to watch them. I hope this kind of movie is permanently removed from the market
4,Those who watch the movie and instigate Samsung boycotts should reconsider what action will be for hundreds of thousands of Samsung workers.
1,The actors really don't know how to act. It's obvious that you try to make a forced impression throughout the movie. There's nothing in the movie that fits And I wonder what the purpose of making this movie is
1,It's not fun! Don't watch it
1,For rating manipulation, zzzz
6,The story itself is really touching. But movies ruin your emotions?That's what it feels like.It's a shame that the content is too slow and there are many things that are clumsy...
1,Don't make too many ratings
1,I got goosebumps when I saw it on the movie rating ranking.
1,The content and purpose were good, but...It's a story, a true story, and of course it's flawless... but frankly, the movie is a mess.Your awkward accent makes you less focused.Emotional appeal...For a movie based on an uncomfortable true story... was worse than the news of concentration and interest! What a waste of money!
1,an emotional film It's nothing more or less.
1,I don't know where the accent is, I can't act, and honestly, I didn't want to see the main character's dad throughout the movie
6,The movie, which stands only in the position of the bereaved families and unilaterally opens Samsung, ranks fifth in the reservation rate, and uses all kinds of dirty expressions to comfortably pour out everything they want to say. Which psychopath calls our country the Republic of Samsung?
6,I enjoyed watching it calmly.
6,From the middle of the movie, it becomes too emotional and becomes propaganda. I watched a corny legal drama that lacks directing skills and actors' acting is not very good. Throughout the movie, I couldn't hide my shortcomings.
1,If you dozed off while watching it, it's the 90's tearjerker movie
1,If Samsung fails, Korea will fail
4,The theme of accusing A of tyranny was clear, but it was a corny story that only played a role as a tear absorber.
6,I knew it as news, but through this movie, I can understand some of the pain that Samsung victims had to suffer.  It is very difficult and difficult for individuals to fight against large companies. When can we expect a mature change in perception of large companies?
1,You're guilty because you have a lot of money!
1,It's not that fun. Really
1,I wish you'd stop making demagogues
1,I admit that the material is good, but I think 1 point is correct if the movie is evaluated objectively
1,The unity of the left-handed people is similar to that of the Japanese people.Disgraceful, inciteful, cohesive, unconditionally Romance.
5,It's a movie about Samsung
1,The texture of the movie itself feels like it's falling apart
1,Another lefty marketing lol
4,I cried because I remembered the old days. I worked at Anam Semiconductor for 12 years and 6 months, and my wrist ligament was stretched I also saw many friends who suffered from infertility and ran away from their health by accumulating a lot of heavy metal powder in their bodies. It's a must-see movie.
3,It's a movie that I made at the risk of Samsung, but honestly, it's not fun and sloppy...The most touching scene in the movie was the ending credit. It doesn't seem like 9 pointsNo more public opinion.
1,It's because there's a lot of foam.
1,If it's not fun, you have to move people or leave lingering feelings. But there's nothing like that. SleepOh my
1,ᄈDo you know why Ppongman's mouth is dirty? Stinky people have a bad temper
1,A movie with intentions is kind of...
1,When you see a male actor on a show, he's usually very jolly, but his expression looks disgusting
1,Yeah, well, yeah?
6,Honestly, I know what you're trying to say, but you're not good at directing.
3,The material is grade A and the development is grade C! It was hard to see the lines that seemed to break the mountain pain in the middle. And I think I played a documentary because I think I copied reality exactly. But the message is clear. Companies that do not spare their employees should sincerely apologize and compensate.
1,I want to go to Samsung~~
6,This shouldn't happen, and it should be significant that movies have promoted freedom of expression and made many people aware of it. I'm not sure about the movie itself.
5,Although it is a provocative material based on a true story, it is not possible to lead the story by itself. The director must have lost his touch when he was involved in the Insa-dong scandal. I haven't seen such an immersive movie in a long time. If you look at the subject matter, it's 9 points, but the flow of acting is not good
1,I recommend Robocop^^ Half a star is a waste
4,I feel like I'm cutting the strings of movies that the people who connect lawyers should know...If you do this, you have to make Samsung, LG, Hyundai, SK, POSCO movies
3,I like this movie, but I like Elsa more
1,It feels like a movie that's hard to understand
1,I don't want to waste a single piece of bread
1,There are people who have to watch it no matter what trick they try;;; The story is really bad at acting;;; They watch it at the movie theater;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
5,The overstated good and evil composition/the fact of this side is lightly handled and discredited/the production work that failed to keep cool ended up making good intentions into a good movie
1,Whether it's Samsung or not, movies are not fun I saw it
1,I don't like forced tears
6,It hurts me that it is too harsh for my daughter who is bright even though she is young‥
3,a forced tear-jerker filmIt's not worth watching. A movie that is not enough for killing time.It lets us know how low the audience's eyes are.
5,I'm thinking of going to see this movie, but I might not be able to. Of course, it's right to look at the will of the people before the movie  You'll understand the meaning of the people in my book You may not know, of course. It might not be a book  I'll tell you the details in three months
4,That's the score I felt-ㅡ
1,I don't like this kind of demagoguery
1,Honestly, this movie is not fun.;; Everything comes out the same way in the newspapers and on the internet. I'm trying to impress you, but this isn't it. It's like a documentary that imitates a movie, not a movie. Please keep that in mind. I don't understand the rating.
1,Please watch the movie and I understand that the rating player Samsung did something wrong, but I'm going to keep picking up on the old story. You think the company is a fool. It's not just a company. It's the best company in Korea. Why should I lose money? The compensation problem was over, and even if I got caught in the office, the company was responsible for the movie, and the movie was not fun
1,If you look at the ratings and the comments, shouldn't the reservation rate be 50%? But why is the reservation rate 4%? Do you watch movies and talk?
2,It was unconventional to target Samsung But it's not fun... It's not touching. I don't know why the rating is so high.I really fell for it.
2,Thinking after watching it: I like it for real, but the production is not good; I don't feel much emotion at the end
6,It was the least interesting true story movie, such as a crucible or a broken arrow Of course, it is not without Samsung's breath, but it seems to contribute greatly to watching the movie. It is just a movie that wants to let the public know the dark reality
1,There are so many people who work part-time;; It's just a documentary made into a movie and it's a documentary, so it's really not fun. I kept talking about the same thing and put in the background music that didn't fit. I was really out of focus, and the person next to me yawned and I almost ran out. Watch Frozen one more time
1,It's this high, right?
3,The courage to challenge Samsung was good, but the movie was poor
2,Honestly, I don't know. Be sad, but I think there are more other movies that are nice and the ending is not good. I think I was not able to get into it
4,To be honest, it's not a movie with a rating of... Don't look forward to it
1,I only watched the movie after the evaluation. I fell for it. It's the most boring and trashy movie I've ever. If it's not true, there's nothing to watch. Money is such a waste and I'm angry. It was so hard the whole time. I thought it would be more fun to study.
6,The content is good, the intentions are good. Much is lacking in acting or scenario. I'm sorry it didn't get across properly communicated
1,I was fooled by the netizens' rating again.
1,There are a lot of people who don't even watch movies and leave ratings. If you look at the movie itself, I'm not sure...
1,You're taking your time complaining
1,It's a good movie, but it's not sad at all if it's not funny. It's a review
1,Rubbish... Why would you pay for it?
1,"Another 26 years..."It's a movie that I made roughly, but I don't know why they want special treatment. Why don't you insist that "The God-Sentin'" has fewer theaters due to the external pressure of Buddhism?
1,Don't worry about it. I didn't study at all, but I showed off my political knowledge on the Internet. Yeah, I get it all, but why does this movie beat "Life Is Beautiful" and top the ratings, you crazy
1,9 points is too much.
1,In terms of cinematic perfection, it's about 5 points, but it's too high to give you 1 point.
1,It's around the corner. It's a total of 50 angles
1,It has a deep meaning, but for a movie...
1,I don't know... It's not that good I've given up my eyes
3,I personally underestimate the movie I watched. The reason for this is that, first, you can see the intention of trying to undermine Samsung by taking advantage of the lawyer boom and interpreting the Samsung case, and second, the actors' skills were not fully demonstrated and the overall content was chaotic. That's about it.
1,If you were impressed by this movie, please search for the house price in your neighborhood. The house price is your level.
1,I'd rather eat cyanide than watch this movie.
5,It's based on a true story, but it's kind of boring and kind of hard to spend money on
1,Samsung or whatever. It's not fun
1,It's really not fun.
1,Capitalism's losers love movies like this. Left-wing movies are prevalent. Poor instigation, instigation, instigation. Study and it pays.You'll get paid if you succeed
1,For a movie, it's not 9 points. I can relate to the story, but as a movie, I give you 1 point to adjust your rating
6,To be honest, the purpose of the movie was very good.But as a cinematic element, it showed a little bit of a lack. It could have been a better movie if you watched it well but it was more secure.
1,The movie is not fun, but let's not give it a high rating for other reasons
1,This is not a movie.ㅉㅉㅉ
1,I give you 1 point to adjust the score
1,Don't watch movies like this and curse at Samsung while using a Galaxy phone, live in an apartment built by Samsung, or use a TV made by Samsung
1,Sixties sentimental junk that relied heavily on noise marketing
1,Isn't this kind of movie not in the 9-point range?
1,Just watch the Olympics! a very openly biased film
1,It's common. It's common
1,I understand that Lee Dong-jin doesn't recommend movies like Olympics, but if you just write all the things you want to know, you'll only feel bad about them
4,It's the first time I've been in the middle of a movie, but the movie itself is meaningful, but the level is really... It's low
5,I express my sincere condolences and pray for the repose of Hwang Yu-mi, who died.However, the movie itself was a pity because the psychological factors and the height of the dramatic conflict seemed weak.It would be fortunate that the parent company could be more careful about human life because of this movie, but it left a lot of regrets for the movie
1,The experts' ratings are in the 6th range, but the ratings are too different.I don't want to watch it as if it is a movie with a strong political and labor movement color, not a pure movie.
1,If it was normal, the score was ridiculously high. It was sad, but it wasn't 9...I think 7-8 points would be perfect. I lowered the score
1,I'll give you 1 point for sure. In addition, Cheongsan Gyuri. This is a movie you should never watch. Don't be instigated, please
1,It is a movie that reveals the low-key nature of Koreans, who do not make efforts to become like a well-off person, but are unconditionally undermined and self-contained
1,Just watching a short film and cheering for a movie that's like a beep that makes you cry.
1,Who controls the rating? If it's not fun, it's a waste of money Don't skip your money!
1,I watch movies for fun. If it's not fun, there's no reason to pay for it
5,an excessive representation of the workers's position I see why unions give free group viewing.Why don't you admit it was you who chose money before the company that killed your daughter? I know you'll still be exposed to the disease, but every time you get a job, you'll be jealous.
1,I'm jealous of people who can't even get a job저 That's why big companies don't hire people from Korea and go abroad
2,Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
1,It's a bad company, but I want to get a job.
2,It's my personal taste but not my style. The actual content is sad and condolences, but I think it was boring without a single tear in the movie
1,You told me not to make a grade, but are you guys making a grade?
1,I felt uncomfortable watching the empathy lining because I got a high rating and I was fooled
1,"Don't be scared Shiba"
1,Well, I trusted your rating, but it's kind of a cliche.
1,♥ That's sad. I really want to join Samsung
1,You were going to kill Samsung.
5,It was touching, but it felt a bit empty and lacking
1,Are you part-timers? That's amazing. It's over 9 points.
1,What kind of movie is this? - Scoring, get out of here
1,I didn't even watch the movie, but does it make sense to give it 10 points? It doesn't make sense that this movie is ranked first in the movie rating ranking, beating all the gem movies. Go inside and see if the top 10 movies should get lower ratings than this movie
1,It's higher than the Turner 2.Does it make sense?
1,Samsung is a bad company that only reveals its money, and a good owner is a bad company that exploits island slaves
5,If I were to evaluate the movie itself...Sadness is different from good
1,More than this, fighting with your girlfriend
5,There are so many incendiary movies these days, where can there be no fault in this social system? You're using a new drama to generalize it, and I don't want any of you to think that business is evil
2,Well, there may be a personal difference, but it is not a movie with this rating, but there are people who watch it.Let's not get caught by the score
1,My horoscope is too generous
4,The movie itself wasn't fun, but I got 4 points for knowing this
3,Watch a movie and get a star rating It's just heartbreaking.
5,A meaningful movie...A step towards a healthy society!It's okay even if it's not fun~~ Dad's promise
1,If I had made it properly, I would highly recommend it to people around me, but I can't do it because I'm only trying to appeal to emotions
1,Get it... Hey, you, you, you
4,I watched it today and it's just that kind of movie. If you look at it with anticipation of touching or fun,
1,If you want to watch a Samsung movie, watch it I watched it with my girlfriend, but she got upset and came out in the middle
2,It's not as good as I thought... I was looking forward to it because it's real
1,It's not fun^^ I wasn't going to watch this, but I was tricked into it
1,Frozen Daisuki!
1,Compared to Jeolla-do island slaves, Samsung's production job is God's job.
1,I hate Samsung, but I want to get a job at a big company
1,If you look at the article roughly, you can tell which direction they live in. Do you have any thoughts of making a movie that democratizes people in a group of residents, taxi drivers, police, and civil servants based on the theme of island slavery?
1,Hey! It's perfect! So good~
1,If it wasn't good, I wouldn't be able to get into it
1,What do you mean, what are you doing?
3,What a national movie. Is it a national movie if you just squeeze out tears? I really hope that Chulmin doesn't make a joke on another movie. It's not funny. It's not funny at all
1,I didn't watch the movie. I just don't like Kim Min-sun.  That's all for the reason
6,Efforts to make suggestive content into a movie are virtual, but they are not convincing. It seems to put too much emotion first. There are a lot of unrealistic characters. There is a regret that I want to make it more logically persuasive. If we evaluate it as a pure movie, it would be a waste of 5 points.
5,While the part-timers are playing, I have to leave one I guess I was looking forward to it so muchThe actors cry, but the people watching don't cry at allI can't concentrate on the movie because I'm trying to squeeze the tears outI'm so disappointed with the series of coincidences and directing skills.I feel like I wasted my time
1,It's more than 10 characters?
1,No more emotional selling.
1,-_- I guess my expectations were too high
1,I don't want to see 1 point because of Sung Kyu
1,It's not worth it. It's really a movie
1,The trend in Korea is scary... I hope the movie will stop coming out.
1,Not like the late incitement movie? Is that a bribe or something?
1,If I let you get a job at Samsung, you'll get 10 points each
1,The balance must be maintained
1,You must have worked really hard. What happened to all 10 points?
1,The audience is much smaller than Frankenstein, but the ratings are more than three times...their own party;;
1,Why am I not funny? ㅠㅠ, ㅠㅠ
1,8 points is appropriate. The rating is too high. It's a waste to pay for Korean movies
6,I can't believe the Korean movie score.I thought I'd give you 7 points.I think the score is too high, so 6 points...
5,The movie was ruined because the director made such a good material commercially... I expected it, but it was a bit disappointing to be the first to be a competent director, but I hated the director because of the scene where he tried to force it to ring
1,I'm sick of things like this. I'm forced to move...It'd be nice to make a documentary
1,I'm so touched.
1,Another promise! Samsoong!
1,I watch this movie even if I die.
1,a witch-hunt film aimed at a particular company
4,It's just a movie that became a social issue. I don't know about the fun...
1,Whatever the subject matter, the movie itself is not fun.Sesame citizens' daughter. Daughter.I hope you don't give me a good rating.The lawyer was funny. But this isn't fun.I'm bored with no time to feel anger.Calm? I'm sure it's plain. There's not even a minimum of course.
1,I'm scared because the poster boy looks like a white river
3,Why would I watch such a sloppy movie?
1,Isn't it time for him to stop making jokes?
6,Another family, Jinsung... Please get rid of that falsehood
1,So, isn't Samsung Caja a movie? Is it a trash movie? The same as the lawyers
1,I'm rooting for you!
1,I can't believe this movie got more than 9 points
1,a forceful and burdensome line;
1,Personally, I think it's a good movie, but I don't think it's as good as 9.3 The movie was boring and boring Still, I think 8.5 is appropriate because the message is meaningful So I'll give you one point
3,Do you think shipyards, refineries, tire plants, and the companies that make the materials that we talk about in this kingdom are all right? It's because you're number one when you curse. It's full of idiots who don't know the world.
1,If it's 8.0 for a Korean movie,
1,If I let you get a job at Samsung, you'll get 10 points each
5,I wonder how many people don't use Samsung products while taking Samsung bath. I give 5 points because of these two guys
1,It's not fun at all right
1,I don't think it's going to be good.;;;;
1,I don't really
1,a country that turns incitement into a movie
1,I looked forward to it, but it's not good
1,1 point for making my girlfriend cry
2,What are the people who give this 10 points? It's touching. I saw it because I thought so.You're talking like lawyer 2 ;;; I give you two points because you give me a lot.
1,What's "I'm looking forward to it even before watching the movie" and what's with Samsung? Did you even watch a movie? It's such a freak that I give you 1 point.
1,Jeolla-do Island Slave is more important than Yoon Jin-sook. It's urgent.Why aren't you on the real-time search list and on the real-time search list? NAVER, wake up
1,That's a real low budget. I don't watch this movie even if I download it
1,Look at the lawyer one more time
1,I don't want the pro-North Korean and UPP to go as a group
1,I don't understand
6,I think I expected too much.
1,We're still in the process of course. Institutional movie class...shivering
1,Not really- ,,,-,/,
1,It's so boring...
1,I think it's a movie about Samsung
1,There's a lot of conspiracy theories. It's not fun, but it's not enough to showroom is not enough.ㅉㅉ
3,It's supposed to make other people's rice cakes look big To disprove how hard it is to steal other people's money
1,12 million lawyers left. Let's not look at this, let's look at the lawyer one more time.
1,My dream is to get into a multi-enterprise while cursing.Just say you're jealous
4,What kind of external pressure is that?I couldn't catch the theater because it wasn't fun.The movie is as obvious as Mercy in Room 7. Stop making this stuff up.
1,Samsung is paying a lot of salary for no reason!  You should've decided to take that much of a risk
1,Wow, it's totally OOO.Phew
1,That's a lot of fun. These days, these things make money
1,I don't want to see noise marketing on various bulletin boards because I'm afraid I won't be able to get the money out of the movie in.
1,It's just that the distributor's been listening to it, so it's not a pressure to write down the theater.The lawyer is under external pressure, so it's over 11 million
1,a lying demagogue
