석양의 무법자
6,Did I expect too much? The story is out of the blue, improbable, and I don't understand why this movie has such a high score.
1,Imported Chemicals Group such as Yuhuatai Oriental Red
1,It would have been worth watching at the time of its release, but it is far from a masterpiece beyond the times.
1,It's been a long time since I watched the movie
6,Thanks to this movie, I wanted to be a righteous gunman when I was young.
6,expression and music through the desolate plain
1,Let's adjust our ratings
6,As expected, western movies are not my cup of tea ㅠㅠ
2,The last scene shows the Civil War, and there is no black man found in that scene.It seems ignorant to look for black people in Italian movies, but the background of the West is the United States. You watch American history as a good gunman, not as a soldier in the war
1,Clint Eastwood, who has always been on a roll in his previous films, is similar to "Skyfall" released in 2012 when he collapsed without hesitation in the final chapter of this episode. The time when you don't shoot recklessly and pass by without probability is boring.
1,This movie is not a Dark Knight Rise. The extreme entertainment and pleasure shown by the Wilderness Lawless (Yo Jimbo)-Sunset Gunman series is like a western documentary that Clint Eastwood imitates Clint Eastwood.
2,I was bored to death. The representative BGM of the original Western drama was very nice, but it was a work that failed to revive the "The Lawless Man of the Wilderness" (Yo Jimbo) and "The Gunman of the Sun."This work ranks first in the western drama IMDB, but it doesn't make sense to me.
5,an editorial epic
6,Too long. Is a good guy a good guy?
6,Even the original work of a rascal is nothing but a rehash of a lawless man in the wilderness.
1,It's not a rating after watching episode 12 Only the music is famous
1,an unconventional film
1,Boredom
5,What? It's just that
1,Don't be fooled. It's so boring. It's not fun. I don't understand why people treat it like a masterpiece
1,Honestly, this guy is funnier. This is a ridiculous film
6,a cool western drama with a light air
4,I'd like to see it again
5,I'll kill this movie with one word The music is the best too!
