러브 유어셀프 인 서울
1,The movie ranking is...
1,K
1,Ha... NAVER rating...
1,Banggutan Boys
1,
1,Please don't do this
1,
1,
1,Is this a movie?
1,Like this
2,To be honest, let's admit that it is not as interesting as OOO movie.I'm just an idol. I'm just an idol.We're filming something like this.But I'm an idol -- how much do you think "I hate you" will run?I bet my hands that I won't get 100...That's how pathetic BTS is.
1,Phew...
1,a ridiculous production After watching it for 10 minutes... I left my girlfriend behind, shouting inside a few times. I know that GFRIEND likes BTS, but this movie was rubbish. Rather, it's a darkening of BTS. And yet what? A masterpiece? You don't have that much sense.
1,Wow, that's disgusting. Why does this come out in the movie theater?
1,Why would a movie like that affect the ambiguity of another movie?
1,I don't know what's good about it
1,BTS, fighting!
1,I personally didn't like it.
1,It's not fun when you watch it without being a fan
5,This score is not for BTS
1,Science and technology, Czech Republic.
1,Unification at the First Level of Home and State
1,Don't make it higher
1,There's a lot of stuff up there
1,Mystery horror thriller
1,Bangtan is not as good as the John Deacon base dust as the Roger Taylor drum dust and Brian's Red Special dust when it's stuck on Freddie Mercury's toes
6,I've never seen such a unique movie before.
1,I'll give you 1 point because you don't have 0 point
1,Wow, you're not a girl group. You're not a boy group.
5,My friend dragged me to watch it. Why are you showing me this in a movie? Why don't you upload it on YouTube?
5,If you didn't like it because you weren't a fan, you had to endure it because of your brother
1,Less than half a million people
1,I'd rather make a movie with Kim Gunmo
1,do it now Even the movie... Are you guys that good? I can't believe that she's being buried like that. Oh, my.
1,Why isn't there a zero point?
1,Oh, I seeK
1,Oh, I seeK
1,You don't have to go to the movies.
2,Now do it' It's coming out in the movie
1,They hang this in the theater
1,Hello, hello.
1,I don't like... sorry
1,Hello Carbot >> Love Yourself in Seoul
1,It's a waste to occupy the theater
1,I didn't like it. I feel like I wasted both my money and time when my friend asked me to go. If you're not a fan of BTS, I don't think you should go.
1,I haven't seen it, but it's not fun even if I don't
1,It's not that bad. About 1 point
1,It wasn't as good as I expected.
1,I'll give you 1 point for 10 beats
1,It's not funny
1,It's not fun. It's really not fun
1,I see...
1,I'll give you 1 point because it's a one-dimensional movie
1,Is this a movie?
2,BTS? It's not popular in the U
1,I can't believe I'm making this into a movie
2,크립티후이후이프투이프르6
1,What a waste of money! It's so boring!
1,It's not good... Not fun. Tired of it
1,Why did you make a movie like this?
1,What do you call this a movie?
1,Is this fun? Bba-sooni? There's no answer.LOL
1,If you look at the fandom, it should be over 10 million, but it's not
1,It's not good. A lot of ARMYs watch it
1,Did you make this into a movie?
1,Pathetic. You don't have to say that
2,Isn't it a waste of money?; K
1,What the hell is this? Why are you taking over the coffin for no reason?
1,Oh, I have nothing to say
3,What is the theme of showing concert recordings in cinemas and is it worth evaluating as a movie? It's just a TV program for the fans that should have been broadcasted as a movie. BTS fans would love it, but it's not worth it as a movie.
1,Who watches a movie with a light stick on? The light was blinking while watching the movie, so it bothered me
2,You pay me to watch this?the Neu Sea
1,Decline of Korean Music Culture
1,The worst, the worst, the worst, the worst, the worst
4,I just recorded BTS concert...  I'm sleepy... I don't even talk. I just dance and sing from beginning to end.     Only BTS is cool. But I was sleepy
1,Why are you making this into a movie?
2,It's a waste of a star. It's pathetic
2,The concert movie was Bangtan Mian Rebsodge Mymull.
2,Spit it out, knowing what the word politically means. Was the U.N. speech meant to be formal?Popularity is like grass.This too shall pass.
1,The worst, the worst, the worst, the worst
1,Can you call this a movie?
1,It's just a movie that a girl who doesn't like to watch
1,I don't like it in the movie it
1,You're doing all sorts of things
1,LOL I'm laughing because I'm speechless
1,Low-quality music and movies that can be crazy for those who are low-
1,The ratings are too high. The power of Ppasoon
1,This is second place???;;
1,Bang Sihyuk must want to make more money
1,Why are you coming out at a movie theater?
1,That's not funny
1,I watch this three times
1,It's not a sing-along, but why is it so dense?  Shout out of the background for two hours! My head is tied.I didn't go to see the audience screaming, but if you turn off the song, please sing.
1,a piece of rubbish
1,It's already ARMY
1,I love your self in Seoul
1,The concert video is on YouTube
1,Waste of money ㅠㅠㅠㅠ 100 won
1,Don't get colored by this, just study and live ^^
1,I'll give you 1 point for this place where you get 10 points
2,What's this? The best movie ever?
1,It was boring and boring
1,I didn't see it, but I'll give you one point! It's a waste to pay for it!
2,An amazing Korean idol! I'm sure it's a textbook for idols
1,It's okay, but it's too expensive ㅠㅠ
1,Why are you watching this? What a waste of money
2,I don't think this makes sense
1,노No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,There's no movie to watch. I should go watch this
1,I wanted to see what movie it was because it had a high rating
