디지몬 어드벤처 라스트 에볼루션 : 인연
10,I'm not sure if I'm going to cry once every three years.Watching this makes me tear up in a scene that's not a big deal. This is definitely a cartoon I made to sell black and white dot game consoles ㅠㅠ
10,They came to us who were fighting the reality.Thank you so much for my precious partner when I was young, Agumon
10,Hi Digimon. I want to sleep dreaming of you Hi, Digimon! Hi, everyone! Hi Digimon. I want to be with you Hi Digimon. I'm going to go find you
8,Children of this time would be looking at their 30s or in their 30s, but I think everyone feels the same way
10,It's so sad... Something touching... If you've seen Adventure, it's the last Digimon video you must watch
10,We were chosen children who could watch Digimon Adventures as children
10,Memories of my childhood. Did I become an adult? Bye! See you again!
1,It's not funny
10,Ha... I can't believe I cried after watching a cartoon.
10,I forgot that Taeil is all grown up now, but the moment Agumon said it, I remembered everything. I was playing in the playground, and at six o'clock, I got together in front of the television first, and I knew that I was the chosen one, and that I was the one who kept my partner Digimon in my heart
10,
10,I'm now quite used to losing someone because I'm not a kid who cried a lot at Digimon, and I thought I'd matured a lot, but when my Digimon disappeared, the loss is indescribable. I still cry sometimes thinking about the man who went back to heaven a few years ago, but please tell me that I can remember him sometimes But it's one of the most enjoyable memories...
10,Masterpieces are always fresh
10,In the beginning, a familiar parrot comes out with a Bolero song, and the last 20 minutes are 31 years old.
10,I felt like I was in the movie for the first time.What Agumon said to Taeil was what he said to us when he saw Digimon
10,
9,
1,I can't believe Pikachu came out so coolcrying
10,Ah... I saw it when I was in elementary school.Over 30...Bye now... Oh, the movie that makes me cry...
10,Hi Digimon. The last theater version that I forgot and happened to see, Digimon, which I had grown up and watched together in my childhood, left a great impression on Ata when I became an adult and was forgotten while working.The scene of Agumon and Papimon's breakup made me cry too
10,
10,We're all grown-ups now
1,Are you kidding me?
10,Agumon's words, "Taeil, you're all grown up now" included us.... The disappearing Digivis shows us an adult who has to move on without being bound by the past, and at the same time, Agumon is a first-time friend, a parent who has been there for me until I became an adult without asking for any price, and just like Agumon, who disappeared Digimon, who has been with me in my memories and present, is now an adult. I was touched by Agumon's words
10,(Dubbed spring) Children my age at that time have grown up before I know it. The partner Digimon was there watching the scene. What was the reason for the tears and runny nose when I saw Agumon saying, "Taeil, you've grown a lot?" It was heartbreaking and sad to see the two children who had predicted the end but did not prepare for the breakup properly as if it would never happen. A pet that I can talk about while watching Digimon Adventure when I was young. How nice would it be to have friends forever? There was a pure thought that So I especially liked Digimon. Agumon, Papimon, I hope to see you again.
10,I watched Digimon when I was 8 years old drinking beer while eating Apollo with Jjondeugi. But while I was watching it, I remember the time when I was 8 years old and I bought Digimon booklet and memorized songs at stationery It reminds me of those days. It's so nice and the story is so touching I get emotional like a childㅜㅜ
10,I cried my first tears when I turned 30. I can't write down my emotions
10,From the beginning to the ending, it was perfect. Maybe it's because I went through the Digimon generation, but I shed tears and runny nose...I wonder if there will be a moment in my life when I can see such a masterpiece again. I can't let you go like this ㅜㅜ Please come back
10,Goodbye Digimon, and my childhood. Regardless of direction, acting, or story, 10 stars isn't enough for me. It reminds me of the first time I saw Digimon. Now that I'm an adult with Taeil, I think I should say bye now. You guys are the first and last Digimon to me. I still don't know what an adult is, but until we meet again, bye Agumon and Taeil! And all the people in their 30s who have grown up with me, fighting ^_^!
4,It was good to see Digimon again, but it was a shame that the story was so sloppy Menoa suddenly blacked out and became a third-rate villain, and the FBI's settings on the side of justice are crude The big storyline of saying goodbye to Digimon as an adult was good, and the design of Digimon and countdown on DigiVice were also an interesting production, but it was a pity that the rough-written story overpowered all of these advantages.  And when I was a kid, I didn't think much about it, but in the fight scene, people with no ability next to Digimon say lines, which is more annoying than I thought Is it proof that I'm an adult too?
10,When Agumon left, it was only when I realized that tears flashed across my cheeks that I was one of the chosen children.
10,You're the best. 90s students, cheer up. Let's cheer up together
10,I will be 30 years old in 6 days. I want to say something to myself as a teenager who had a lot of good memories. Thanks to you, I'm still alive. Thank you.
10,I couldn't help but cry when the characters in my memory told me that they were proud to be an adult to me, who is now an adult.
10,I felt like I was breaking up with my childhood. I hate it now that I'm becoming an adult.
10,It's so nice.It felt like I went back to my childhood.
10,It's not worth mentioning If you want to know why, I recommend watching it
10,
10,The saddest movie I've ever seen... Why does time fly so fast?
10,
10,I cried and had a runny nose when I saw TAEIL as Matthew
10,We were the chosen children then.
10,I grew up watching Digimon for the first time when I was 8 years old. 20 years later, now... It's the end! Hello! Digimon! You remind me of my childhood.  We grew up together. ㅜㅜ Jemal... I'm getting emotional.
10,I kept getting emotional as I went to the second half, but I really cried at the end. I feel like I'm watching my children who give up what they liked and think about their future when they grow up.I want to go back to my childhood and watch it from the beginning because I realize that our adventure is over.Hi, guys. Hi, Digimon! I'll sleep dreaming of you!
10,
10,An animation about the process of becoming an adult chosen by the chosen children.
10,Everything is perfect It brings back memories of those days
10,Digimon Generation 1 ㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's over now... crying
10,The main characters and Digimon who grew up together since I was an elementary school student and became an adult, feel like they broke up together when this drama ended.  I cried a lot because I remembered my dog when I was young.  I didn't do well at the end, but I'm sorry. I'll bring you a drink later
10,Hi! Digimon! And hi...Digimon...
10,To bring back the memories of that time, I watched the dubbed version. I think people my age would have felt the same way. When the chosen children first met Digimon, they were about the same age as I was, and I was with Digimon in my childhood. I sobbed from time to time, and eventually, when I saw Taeil's back where Agumon grew up in the last scene, I burst into tears. To the point where I thought you were really determined to make me cry. Thank you very much.
10,I was so sad that I kept crying.I'm thinking about my own growth.
10,When Agumon said Taeil grew up a lot, he cried so hard at the end...Digimon in my memory…..I liked Palmon....
10,Those of your age who were crazy about Digimon in the year 2000... Make sure to watch it.It's a masterpiece that hits the stomach.And Sora's part was disappointing...Unlike other children who wander to find their dreams or try to achieve their dreams, Sora gave up her dreams and became an adult by adapting to reality more quickly (following her mother). Because of that, I think he already knew that the sign appeared on Digivice faster than Taeil and Matthew, and that the breakup with Piomon was approaching.That's why you wanted to spend more time with the two of you, not evolve or engage in combatAnd when we went up to the ending credits, including Taeil, Sora, Mina, and Hansol... Digimon is no longer around people who have grown up in society. It was so sad and lonely, but...ㅠㅠIt was good to see that each person was living their lives well in their own way even without Digimon being next to them.I think this is a very realistic and beautiful star, so it touched my heart even more. Really... Innocent and I felt like I could do anything. My childhood innocence was stuck in the middle of my heart and came back to the surface. I'm getting emotional. Really ㅠㅠㅠNow I'm just an adult who has to take responsibility for the choices I made and work hard every day. Haㅠㅠㅠ And one more thing I felt is that becoming an adult is getting used to breaking up.That the rest of us have to live our lives again anyway. At the end... What are Papimon and Agumon going to do tomorrow?I didn't know you said that's..."I hope you'll be the same day even if we're not around from tomorrow, you're not the end without us.I hope you live thinking about tomorrow." I can't use it anymore because I'm crying.Anyway, it's a masterpiece that leaves a long lingering impression and touches my heart.It's the best ㅜㅜ 흑
10,
1,I don't like it
10,I was happy with Digimon as a child.
10,Nevertheless, we have no choice but to move on.
10,Wow... At the end, I felt that Taeil grew up a lot. I thought it was something I said to the Digimon generation kids, but it wasn't just me...I've been on Digimon Advent since I was eight.It feels like I broke up with a really close friend that I dated for 20 years.But I'll give you strength if there's a way to make Agumon and Papimon come back or come out like a fantasy Or Agumon (Papimon! Give me strength! If I do it, it'll come out blurry or something
10,
10,It's so obvious, but the last story. The end that fans wanted
10,If Taeil's first meeting with Agumon was the happiest memory, I would laugh at Digimon when I was a kid
10,Crazy my memories ㅠㅠ streamed.. Those born in the 90s, come together
10,When I heard that I grew up a lot because I was growing up with the chosen children, my heart felt so full and I cried. We were all chosen children of that time, and we will continue to be with Digimonㅠㅠ So, put the agumon and kabumon backㅠㅠ Crying ㅠㅠ
10,If you've spent your childhood with Digimon, it can't be boring
10,We can't go back to 10 years old now.
10,TAICHI... You've grown a lot
10,
10,I wasn't too sad after watching it until the end. Because it meant that their journey was not over yet.
10,I'm so touched and reminiscent of my childhood ㅠㅠ
10,The best Digimon movie ever
10,
10,Hi Digimon. I want to fall asleep dreaming of you. Hi, Digimon friends. Hi, everyone. Hi Digimon. I want to be with you. Hi, Digimon friends. Hi, everyone.
1,Not funny
6,I felt a sense of alienation when the main characters talked about going to breakfast calmly, even though their immersion was broken by the forced English pronunciation of New York professor and all parts of the city were destroyed in the early battle scene. When I was young, I enjoyed watching it, but now I am too grown up
10,I expected it, but I watched it with tears in my eyes
10,Back then, I played with my local friends and met them all day, played Digimon games and talked about Pokémon. We play soccer, we fight, we make up... in the neighborhood apartment. After I came back, I missed and remembered my days when I was like a utopia, where I took a bath, ate, laughed, fell asleep, and repeated again the next day.Now that I am 31 years old, I have achieved a lot, but on the other hand, I feel lonely and empty. Those friends that I met with with pure hearts that I couldn't pay for... And my brothers. I don't think it's easy to meet such people in society. Was I slowly becoming an adult? I could relate to the line of a woman who collapsed while drinking in the beginning. "I don't want to be an adult." But we have to move forward after making a hard choice. To find my new happiness. The past was so beautiful as a memory of the past.Thank you so much. My beautiful childhood.
6,A message to us.The content was touching and good, but I was disappointed that the story of the story was too forced.At the end of Power Digimon, there's a scene where Digimon stays with the grown-up children, and the story is whether they ignored it or not. Or did we meet again later on?
10,Sigh... I was crazy about Digimon when I was young, and I grew up and became an adult. I put it into the chosen children and made them look overlapped, so I cry more ㅠㅠㅠ Like Menoa Belucci, we want to live in Neverland forever, but we can't just...If you keep tasting sweet things, you will get sick of it and lose your sense of other tastes, so we are humans who experience, mature, and grow up after seeing various tastes of life that you are afraid of, such as bitterness, saltiness, sourness, and so on.
10,Thank you. Bye, my childhood
10,It reminds me of my childhood memories and makes me feel sad
10,I watched "Digimon Adventure" when I was young and I was a big adult.This work really touches me ㅠㅠ Whether I like it or not, time goes by and I'm already an adult...Even if the breakup is sad, we must move forward without being bound by the past.For the future! Agumon's voice actor is just like I heard when I was young. The line, "TAEIL, you're all grown up now."" "You're the same..." Hello... Digimon
10,Ah, my heart ached like crazy after the movie.
10,A message to us who are compromised and relieved that we might be hurt if we take a step forward facing reality
10,Why is breaking up so painful and hard... I cried a lot because of the emptiness that can't be comforted by saying that there's a meeting because of the breakup  I tend to watch good movies twice, but I don't think I can watch them again
10,I think it is a masterpiece that delivered a happy ending to us who became adults with the main character of Digimon.
10,I always watched it when I was young, but I became an adult and watched it with my child, and it got sadder and sadder towards the end, and I ended up crying with my child at the ending scenecrying
9,Agumon: "Taeil, you're all grown up." Taeil: "You're the same." Hi Digimon, I recommend you to watch the dubbed version
10,It was a movie that told me about my childhood and separation when I was a teenager.디지 It was a movie where Digimon friends became the same age as me and could keep memories together.
10,Legend
10,The animation that I watched a lot when I was young was a memory when I turned 20, and the story was so good and I could understand it, so I cried a lot at the endㅠㅠ I'll move forward!!
10,I cried a lot. Thank you! I will not look back on the past but move forward to the future.
10,It was similar to Toy Story
10,The end of my memories ㅠㅠ.
10,It's so sad. As I became an adult, I felt that I had to part ways with my young self. I had so much fun watching Digimon, but I can't go back. It reminds me of a line where I wish time would stop like this
10,No matter how hard Pokemon goes, Digimon Adventure is my favorite... It won't come out anymore, right?Hello Digimon...Do you want to fall asleep dreaming of me? Hello Digimon... Goodbye to all your childhood.
10,I can't believe I feel the same way as Matthew, who is going to graduate school to avoid getting a job, and Shin Tae-il, who is working part-time at a convenience store while forgetting his lunch box. The main characters and I are getting older, and the production team seems to send a sad message to elementary school students. "Go and work now."
10,I watched it with a light heart and thought I was going crazy because I was crying ㅠㅠ Since we're about the same age, there were a lot of similar worries and thoughts, so I sympathized with it and felt sadder
10,Years went by, children became adolescents, adolescents became adults, last evolution, last evolution, we are now grown-ups However, the time has come when I give up my childhood dream and do my own work for future generations, leaving memories of my childhood
10,Digimon Adventure, which I always admired when I was young... It was a cartoon that I forgot after I became an adult.I accidentally found it on What* and I was bored, so I pressed play. But I can't believe this was the movie version released this year. If I had known, I would have seen it at the movie theater. That would have been great.All the time I watched, old memories came to mind and my heart became grand. The feeling of those days that I forgot...I can't believe the characters grew this much. It was surprising, but Digimon's consistency made them emotional.ㅠㅠ The last one is really the best. Oh, did I have to? I cried a lot. Digimon Adventure is the best animation of my life
10,When I was young, I played Digimon vs Pokémon with my friends, and I'm still a Pokemon fan, but it's my first time crying while watching a Japanese animationcrying
10,It's my first time seeing a review and crying
10,Thank you for everything. Bye!
8,The first Digimon theater version and the homage whistle scene are made for Digimon fans who are now adults, unlike the original Digimon fans
10,A predetermined fate... Just like people don't know how long they live.Breaking up comes suddenly.
10,
10,The Best Finish in the Digimon World
10,I can't believe my childhood memories ended like this.Unfortunately, I was happy
10,I didn't say goodbye, so I'll meet you again in Digitama ㅠㅠ
10,I watch Digimon in my 20s which I haven't seen since elementary school.Agumon's last line is empathy. My childhood is over.
10,Take care.
10,I'm already in my 30s.Adventure series that impressed and entertained me in my teens and 20s.To be honest, I was very disappointed with the previous try (stories that are hard to understand, probability, etc.), but the directing, story, and emotion were all perfect.Last evolution.As it was introduced as the last story, I thought that the story of the adventure series Taichi (Shin Tae-il) group was the end of the story, so I watched it hoping that a miracle would happen in the middle and continue to be together, and I knew that Digvice was cracking when the bond evolved.There's no twist.What was great about the production was that I was tearing up when I saw the last digivice turn into a stone.It suddenly disappeared, but I feel like I'm making sure that I can't meet you anymore. ㅜㅜ But it was nice that the work was finished neatly. What was impressive was the Brave heart remix BGM and bond evolution when the last Omega Mon appeared.Agumon, who evolved into Jewish evolution, said, 'I've been crying.I said it calmly.It was more impressive and proud that my friend who was naughty talked about it seriouslyㅜㅜHe's a cute friend who will keep saying, "Taichi, I'm hungry." ㅜㅜ
1,It reminds me of the old days in the beginning because it's the Digimon generation, but I think the ratings are too high.
5,It's like a copy of course. I almost threw up every time I heard Beruch's English pronunciation
10,In the Digimon Adventure and this movie I watched when I was young, Taeil was always my age.I can't stop crying at Agumon's line that says he looks good as an adult. My childhood is over with Digimon
10,If you're a Digimon generation, I recommend you to watch it!Especially when it evolves, it's overwhelming개인Personally, I can relate to what the main characters are worried about because they're about the same age as us, and the process of solving them became an example
10,She's in trouble again, and he's fixing it
10,I'm already 30 years old, and I've been waiting for Children's Day, and I sat in front of the TV waiting for Digimon to air 20 years ago. The ending is bitter. But we have tomorrow! The director is curious about how we're doing in a long time. He probably made this great movie, right?
9,A work that brings back memories! The ending was realistic, so it was sadder and more touching
10,The moment I watched the movie, I cried because I felt like I was separated from my memories
10,Everyone in the 90s, make sure to watch it. With the explosion of emotion, the message I wanted to convey came to my heart, and it was the perfect end of our childhoodcrying
10,My childhood memories still make me cry as an adult
10,It's so clever that it reminds me of Digimon Adventures I saw when I was young in the 2000s. I'm very satisfied with the old Digimon Adventure/Power Digimon
10,I'll see you again.Certainly
10,If you are a Digimon Adventure fan, there are so many points to cry about. It's like a tribute to the people who loved those days 20 years ago
10,I cry, I'm sad, I'm sad, I'm the best, my dim memories. The first time I saw you was 21 years ago. It's the best... I'm crying
10,We have grown up like that.At the end, tears and runny nose came out
10,If you were a generation with Digimon in the early 2000s... I can't help but cry...
10,If it was too sad, it was the best.
10,
10,TAEIL, you've grown up. You cried while hugging a baby
10,I was 31 years old when I was waiting for Digimon and shouted "Cheer up!" When I was young, I made everyone laugh and cry... I love you ㅠㅠ
10,a heart-rending animationI feel sad after watching it all.The main characters who are becoming adults by saying goodbye to their most precious friends in the world.Still, we're moving towards the future.Hello, precious memories of my childhood...
10,Digimon, who I really liked when I was young, is over 30 years old, so watching the movie reminds me of my childhood, but on the other hand, it's a movie that makes me sad
10,The best movie of my life. Our childhood memories and dreams are always with us.
10,It was a very sad Digimon that made us realize that we are now adults
6,I wanted a happy ending, but it's not that I can't meet my friends Digimon and disappear.I'm so disappointed. I'm going to lower the score because it feels like the memories are gone I personally won't include this in the masterpiece Digimon
10,When I was 28 years old, I went straight to the front of the TV after school and turned on the Tooniverse. Is this the end of the movie? Agumon choked up when he said, "Taichi grew up a lot." As much as we've been together, I feel a great sense of loss and relief. I feel like I grew up with the main characters. What is an adult?
10,TAEIL and Matthew who say, "With you..." when asked what we're going to do tomorrow. Why is this so sad?
10,It is my first time to write a review of movie ratings in 26 years.I've never seen him sobbing like this before.It's sad and sad, but I can't get out of it because I feel like I'm back to my childhood.Even if it's about something else, I hope that other movie versions will come out soon
10,Anyone who's seen Digimon as a kid can't help but cry in the last scene.
10,I don't cry even when I watch sad movies. I was over 30 years old and cried watching anime. This movie is like an animation for adults who enjoyed watching Digimon when they were young. Of all the animated theater versions I've seen so far, nothing is one of the top three tricks. I think a lot of people think that TAICHI grew up a lot in the last line.The scene where I disappear asking what I'm going to do tomorrow was really, really sad and empty. It felt like leaving a message in very simple words about what to do tomorrow for children who are still on the verge of becoming adults, or for everyone in the present era who is living a repetitive daily life as an adult. The Butterfly OST and the ending song, which appeared in the middle, matched the video so well, and it was a battle scene and the background illustrators deserved to be called the best ever. I highly recommend it to those who haven't seen it yet! Just shut up and watch, you chosen adults!
10,The directing was good and I was able to relate to it well But lastly, tell me the last evolution ㅠㅠ And I think there's going to be a follow-up, so I hope it comes out soon
10,I kept delaying watching it (because I was sad) and watched it because dubbing came outThe dubbing alone is worth this movie Look! It's a good storyline. One drawback is the percentage of children chosenㅠㅠ 소 The proportion of conch was too small. It may be because of time, but it was delayed an hour and a half too short.
10,I got goosebumps when the whistle blewI want to go back.
10,
10,It was a pleasant finish. Hello Digimon
1,Why is this third place by GPA?
10,Digimon that I liked as a child, and I still like it now that I'm an adult
10,Digimon from the past. It's so nice
10,I try to be sad while watching it, but I can't even be sad
10,It's not about the things that we've grown up with, but about the things that we catch
10,I, who was 8 years old watching Digimon, is already 27 years old and is progressing day by day to live.  The dreams that I had one by one in my mind faded away. While watching this movie, I thought about my dream on the side of my heart again. Our dreams are always with us like Digimon.
10,
10,Tears kept coming out. Me in the memories, me in the present, and me in the future.
10,This is the movie version.
1,일본 없음
10,Hi.
10,But I didn't want to break up. 8m8
10,Did 20 years make this movie?
10,I miss those days so much because I can't go back.Digimon's 20-year collection of works is the best.
10,Memories are the cornerstones for moving into the future.
10,Hi, my childhood. Hi, Digimon
7,Apart from the completeness of the movie, if you were born in 1990, you would cry
10,Persuasive villains vs. Yamato & Taichi's composition was impressive. The story was solid and homage to the whistle and harmonica hit my heart to the point where it was amazing... It was nice to see ZERO2 kids, but I can't help feeling upset. It's not a crime to be an adult ㅠㅠ
10,
10,I was happy to remember my childhood when I cried and laughed while watching Digimon Adventure, and I cried while watching this theater version, identifying myself with the main characters who are becoming adults. I want to remember this sentiment for a long time.Bye Agumon, Papimon. See you again
10,We grew up a lot. Digimon is telling us that we're all grown up
10,The main characters who had adventures together are now all grown up and are thinking about getting a job and career like me. I loved the practical details of the children who were chosen with infinite possibilities, who are no different from me now.
10,Recently, I binge-watched Digimon Adventure Annie and saw a relationship with the ending of the theater version. I don't know why, but I kept crying when I watched the animation, but I feel sad to think that it was the last movie version. Tae-il and Matthew were also sufficiently impressed, but the proportion of other chosen children was so small that I felt sorry. The lines and harmonica sounds of Agumon and Papimon disappearing couldn't help but shed tears. Afterwards, I cried my eyes out for a long time while looking at people's ratings. I don't want to be an adult, but I became an adult. Farewell always seems sad. I won't forget to binge-watch again.
10,Yes, being an adult is about choosing something and humbly accepting the precious thing and parting, and breaking up is bound to lead to another meeting. Thank you for the movie that made me meet my precious childhood for a while, I hope to be a child that I can choose from soon in my 30s.
10,I cried. I was happy to be with Digimon who was born in 1994It's a beautiful farewell
10,
10,Thank you. Please share my childhood with meWest
10,4,500 are the winners.
10,Don't be an adult, guys.
7,The end of the series leaves a lingering impression. However, the aftertaste seems to have faded due to the reboot.
10,Hi, Digimon. Thank you for being with me
10,If you've spent your childhood with Digimon, make sure to watch it!
10,Wow... My memory... I'm really crying ㅠㅠ
10,Well... I don't remember the story from the second half. I cried a lot. I've been watching Digimon Adventures since I was the same age as Taeil in the drama, and I'm already at the same age as Taeil. I cried a lot because it felt like I was leaving my childhood together. Where did the kid who had dreams go? There are only adults left who have changed in many ways. It was fun and enjoyable, and it was two hours that made me cry a little bit. I think this last story can be defined by a single word spoken in many communities, "In those days, we were all chosen children."
10,I'm sure that if Digimon becomes the best work that will mark the end, the breakup with Digimon will be waiting In this process, it shows the anguish of the chosen children and the need to move on nonetheless, and the characters in the play are moving from children to adults while also sending messages to viewers The battle scene will be selected as the best scene in conjunction with the OST, and the last scene will be a sea of tears with emotion and thrill. "We will become adults and move forward."
10,Agumon's last words were so sad.
10,High-definition Digimon makes it grandI'm sorry to the writer director that I couldn't watch it at the movie theater.I'm downloading it through NAVER.Thank you.
10,I almost cried at the end
10,Less than two hours...Twenty years after my life, I grew up with the main characters who were the same age. I was born on the 91st year The OST that I hummed on my way home from elementary school, the harmonica that I was begging to buy for the first time, and the whistle overlap of the first theater version. I applaud Toei's production company for putting an end to everything about Digimon Advantage that has filled one side of my life, making me feel grateful and indescribable at the same time. I remember The partners who have been eye-leveling Yamato and Taichi, who have evolved since the adventures, are looking up at Taichi and Yamato at the end of the work, the wide and elevated Taichi's height and back, and Yamato's harmonica playing again, ready to accept the farewell. The last ten minutes of each relationship (Kizuna) are the triggers of Agumon's "Grow Up" and Gabumon's "Harmonica." I can't stop crying until I forget my age and write a review. Each Digimon asked What are you going to do tomorrow?It's a question that reminds me of so many things I will be determined again and do my best. Thank you. It was fun and happy.Hi Digimon, I'm going to sleep dreaming of you
10,Best of all, I'll never see them again ㅜㅜ
10,I'm sad that I feel like I'm saying goodbye to my childhood. I was so happy that I was with Digimon when I was a child that I didn't want to end forever
10,People in the 90s cry.
7,I don't think they'll come out anymore. It's sad but bye
10,Since it was a follow-up to the remake and the reboot, I saw a satisfactory follow-up for the first time in a while when a person in the 90s was trapped in an era full of memories. More than I expected.
10,
10,Ha.. I am crying now since I got older.
10,I watched it once on VOD and I heard it was being released in theaters, so I ran to watch it. If you're a generation that grew up with Digimon, it's a work that reminds you of your childhood. As the background music that stayed in my memory came out, I laughed without realizing it, and I felt excited when I was young. And as I moved on to the ending, I cheered and sympathized with the main characters like when I was young. On the other hand, I sympathized with Villain's feelings and felt sad. In the movie theater, my late 20s and my teenage years coexisted. I'm sure there will be a better animation theater version in every aspect than this, but I don't think you'll be able to see it in any animation theater version as much as the lingering feeling of this movie.
9,Meiko, who joined us from Tri, kept her position as a confident regular until the last evolution! As an original fan who has been watching her growth steadily from the beginning, her nose was cold as if she were watching her grown-up child's graduation ceremony. In the reboot, I look forward to the day when she spreads her wings again and approaches fans anew.
10,I enjoyed watching Digimon, thinking that we were the same children who were chosen to leave their childhood memories and move forward. It was sadder that it was the last one and I cried a lot. It's too bad that we're together until here, but we need to build our future as much as the memories we have built in our hearts. Thank you for the good movie.
10,Digimon and Memories. You did a great job.To be honest, I could relate to the villain.I cried the whole time Hello Digimon...
10,
10,As I grow up, I limit myself to not being able to do it, and I compromise myself, so why would Digimon let me reflect on that?Really.. ㅠㅠ
10,The famous line "exactly" it all starts here.
10,I was born in 1995. I'm 27 years old now, but it's the best story for me
10,Really... Good ㅠ_ㅠ Tears welled up ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I cried when I was 30 years old.
10,I recommend it to anyone who liked Digimon Adventure.
10,The adventure series seems to have ended well, throwing away the proper finishing try.
10,I'm a 30-second old man who watched Digimon Adventure and Power Digimon played by K broadcasting station when I was in elementary school. At the end, I watched it with tears in my eyes.
8,Digimon generation in the 90s need to listen.Forget everything else. The memories of watching Digimon...
10,Digimon. I'm so touched when I can trust and watch Digimon
10,
10,They were grown-ups, thinking about the same future as me, and they sympathized with the way they remembered the past, and the story goes without saying that it was the best movie ever
10,I feel like I'm growing up because of this work even now when I was a pure child and a worried adult.From children chosen to adults chosen,
10,More than anything else, in the action scene, the visual beauty and composition quality will never be felt properly unless it is a theater. The level of the action scene was higher than expected, and the last evolution shows how much the graphic level has developed in 2020. The quality of the battle scene above the Avengers, the overwhelming size of the Eosmon, the fear of the Emerald World... Please check it out at the theater! This has to come out as a follow-up! (And on the other hand...) I realized that I was already an adult. Now let's move on. You can't change your destiny, but you can change your destiny.)
10,Please look... Digimon ♡
10,Back then, we all became adults
10,I cried in the theater for the first time
10,At that time, we were chosen children who saw Digimon.
10,Digimon, one of my childhood memories. I remember playing Digimon RPG with my friend when I was in middle school. I was happy because of Digimon.
10,Best movie to send childhood memories to precious people
10,It's like a reality show. It's so sad at the end. I'm always preparing to break up.
10,
10,Because we were all chosen, we were all able to empathize
10,I was happy with Digimon as a child and happy with my last 29 years of my 20s. I think it's a new beginning in my life and I let go. Thank you, Digimon, for being with me.
10,De-ducks who got hurt on the try, watch it right now
10,The last one. It's really...
10,Thanks to you, I enjoyed my childhood. Thank you. I'm an adult now, but I think I know that the excitement of those days is still hot. Bye
10,The animation that impressed me more as I became an adult.
10,He doesn't cry even when he watches a sad movie, but he sheds two tears
10,Twenty years ago, we were little boys who knew nothing Agumon's words, "TAICHI (TAEIL) has become an adult," seemed to touch our hearts.
10,Agumon...? Papimon...!!crying
10,The movie that made me the happiest when I was young makes me sad because I became an adult. Thank you for making me happy.
10,I felt that Taeil and his friends, me, my friends, and my peers in the theater all got older. There are still great songs that I haven't listened to in a while
10,I watched it 4 times at home. I didn't see it in person when it was released, so I went to see it re-released today. It's more touching to watch it with people on the big screen. The OST is the same. It's not one or two crying points. Even if you're not a Digimon fan, make sure you watch Digimon Adventure when you're young I want to cry while watching it I really want to go back to that time when I was waiting to become an adult without any worries
10,It was so sad, but it was a reality to accept. I look back on when I grew up this much. I am grateful that the theater version I saw for the first time in the theater is such a well-made theater version. But I can't help being sad.Haha
10,Menoa Belucci. Everything's perfect except for his English pronunciation I cried my eyes out
10,A powerful piece that gave the message that we should move forward. Memories of my precious childhood.
10,MORPHOMON: Always together...
10,We met by fate, we were together, and we parted. But we will meet again Just like that 20 years ago
10,I didn't know I would cry watching Digimon at this ageㅠㅠ Promise me you'll make a follow-up
10,It was like going back to your childhood innocence when this was our last evolution.Taichi shed tears that he had endured when he said, "You've grown up a lot."
10,I saw it for fun when I was in 5th grade, but I turned 33 years old.I will get older tomorrow too...
10,It was the most interesting and instructive movie I watched recently. It lingers so much...crying
10,I'm really touched. We grew up together Really ㅠㅠ
10,Are you crazy? ㅠㅠ 90s people who liked Digimon Adventure should watch it... It's a masterpiece
10,Let's move on. Towards the future
10,At 26, I had no choice but to cry.
10,When Agumon said he grew up a lot at the end...I guess we didn't even mention it.crying
10,We were all chosen children. Goodbye Digimon, goodbye to my young memories.
10,Thank you for being with me at the beginning of my childhood
10,I sobbed to see if he was having a hard time and depressed these days.
10,Taeil, you've grown up a lot. The scene made me emotional because it felt like Agumon was saying something to me as an adult.As an adult, I will work hard tomorrow.
9,It might seem a bit childish in your late 20s, but the last scene is a sob
10,In Gennai's words, "If you have infinite possibilities, maybe," I came to believe that the main characters will constantly dream and grow, and that they can reunite in the future. ㅠㅠ Being an adult means complacency and compromise, but they will try constantly rather than enjoy a decent life ㅠㅠ That's growth ㅠㅠ haha. Fairy tales for adults. The perfect ending to adventure.
10,In 2021, I'm 30 years old. Digimon, who was with me when I was young!Bye. And thank you. Bye. I'm going to sleep dreaming about Digimon
10,I'm 30... All my childhood memories were explained by the last scene. I had no choice but to cry bitterly...
8,Thank you for growing up well.
10,The chosen children are now adults to choose from.
10,It was really nice to feel the nostalgia of those days.And I saw the sadness of moving forward as an adult and the hope of moving forward at the same time.This is a masterpiece.Just watch a masterpiece no matter what
10,I'm so touched. I enjoyed all the Digimon series, but Digimon Adventure was the best and it was a movie to match
10,The story was philosophically great
10,We have grown up and will continue to write new stories.
10,I watched it without thinking...I remember myself liking Digimon when I was young and watched the movie with tears in my eyes
10,This movie is regeno itself. It is a movie that touches the hearts of those born in the 90s. Taeil, who was the same age as us at the time, thinks about the problems that come to us as college students and newbies, brings back childhood memories that were buried far away from the fierce competition When was the last time I cried while watching a movie? I cried for the first time in years. This movie is regeno.
10,I didn't know Agumon and Digimon would comfort me because I only thought about reality in my hard work life.Digimon, who has always been by my side, thank you for telling me that I worked hard and became a well-grown adult. I can't stop crying when I see the last movie version that we were chosen to meet Digimon 20 years ago
1,Byul
10,I'm just tearing up. I recommend you to watch it.
10,I remember watching Digimon when I was a baby while watching a movie.I really liked the story that was so touching and instructive. While listening to the song while watching the movie, I remembered the old days and when Agumon said that it was so big, I was so emotional.I cried my eyes out when I saw the review after watching the review.I guess we all feel the same way I'll trust that I can meet my friend Digimon again
10,Bye, my childhood. I'll keep it in my memory forever!
10,Best, especially the last scene. Those who remember the last episode of "Power Digimon" must have thought that it was a sad ending. Even after leaving Digimon after becoming an adult, they grew up and met again with embarrassing possibilities in their hearts. I personally think it's the best ending and work even if the next one doesn't come out. Bye. And I'll see you soon!
10,
10,It was an honor to spend my childhood with Digimon.Hello Digimon.
4,If you're going to sell your memories, you have to give out what was inside
10,A masterpiece enough to wash away dog-eat-dogs like the Digimon Tri
7,Digimon of memories. It was worth watching
9,I think the next movie will come out that makes you feel like you're an adult
10,I have a good relationship with my childhood. And it tells me to move forward because I am an adult and just tired of life.
3,Old memories
10,Ha... I became an adult.
10,When I entered elementary school, I was into Digimon and Pokémon. When I was young, I was begging my parents to buy me a digital device, and I turned 30. Taiji, who couldn't write a graduation thesis and was begging for a job, seemed to be delaying his master's graduation. I saw this work when I was hit hard and joined my first job, and I was scolded by my boss every day, thinking about my aptitude and thinking about my childhood dream. My tears dried up and my heart became grand as I remembered my reality that I could no longer pamper at Taiji's line that we had to move forward.
10,Hi, Digimon. Our memories of the 90s with Digimon... It's really over now! Let's put aside the memories of our childhood that we can't go back to and move on now! Happy new year, everyone^_^
8,I tried to hold back my tears and burst into laughter at the last line of Agumon.
10,
10,I cried. That's it
10,It is one of the masterpieces that I was able to look back on 20 years ago when I first encountered Digimon, reflect on the present, and think about the future
10,It was nice to grow up watching Digimon
10,Even when Digimon was just over and Power Digimon was over, I looked up the stories online, but I think it's really the last time.The atmosphere of the video was different. What's interesting is that when Digimon comes out, it feels like an innocent bright feeling. When Taeil and Matthew come out, it feels like they've become adults. I was surprised.And it reminds me of my first dog, my friend, who I've been with for 16 years.So I can relate to the sadness of Taeil and Matthew's breakup, and above all, I can relate to Menoa's sorry for Morphomon.It looked like I was neglecting to become an adult. She's still like a baby.I took the memory train for an hour and a half, and it gave me a new lesson as an adult. I was touched in many ways. Thank you to everyone who worked hard for this movie. It's the best
10,It's great. I feel like I got the right message as an adult
10,I cried. I don't know why
10,Don't go, Agumon... Papimon...
10,I thought it was the Digimon theater version, and I watched it, and in the last 20 minutes, I cried ㅠㅠ How can you say goodbye like this? Hurry up and tell me that we met again Hurry up! At the end, you gave me some room. I just said I can change it if there's a possibility. No way! ㅠAnd if you say that you grew up so calmly at the end and disappear, I can't help but wail at that part ㅠㅠ You're digging my heart ㅠㅠ
10,
1,This is 11 points
10,I cried a lot ㅠㅠT
10,Anime that will be most touching from mid to late 20s to early 30s
10,
10,Oh, my
10,Anime that brings back childhood emotions. I can't even compare it to a real tri... It's something that adults can relate to
10,
10,It's a story to children who are chosen as adults
10,It's Gamdong. I'm in my mid-20s and it reminds me of my childhood when I watched Digimon a lot  I can't wait for the sequel to come out!  Last but not least...
9,My childhood memories bear fruit. As time goes by, drawing has improved a lot. I think the Digimon series is very good at creating a thrilling and touching production. It has a different sensibility than Pokémon. Digimon Adventure, the childhood memory I loved, goodbye.
10,
9,Catch me! A brilliant tomorrow
10,I hate wrapping up my childhood memories like this, but thank you so much
10,"We are always together" will to my partner at the moment of extinction. I really enjoyed it. I'm impressed and the lingering feeling lasts too long. I think I can't help but get too immersed in seeing the children's age and my age that I've seen since I was young, and the Digimon's still there's Thank you to the staff. "You can't change your destiny, but you can change your destiny!" I'll keep that in mind.
5,The final evolution is also a disappointing movie. Because of some touching points and memories, I'll give it 5 points
10,Before I left, Agumon said, "Taichi, you've grown up a lot." I felt emotional because it felt like what I was saying to myself now when I was young
10,
1,Why give 10 points to a movie made by the Japanese? Chewy?
10,I'm sure everyone who's seen this movie since elementary school would have cried after watching it.
10,Turn off the tri...
10,I'm an adult, too
10,I liked the story about the problem of having to break up with the partner Digimon as the children who were chosen grew up   I almost cried
10,Agumon: You've grown a lot, Tai Chi.
10,I watched it because I wanted to be immersed in old memories, but I was able to prepare for the philosophical content and my situation...More than I expected
10,The story is touching.
10,In the last scene, what Agumon said to Taichi was like what he said to me Everyone grew up a lot. Those in their 20s and 30s, you did a great job today
10,
10,It reminded me of my childhood when I watched the scene while overlapping the old scenes.
10,The ending was so perfect ㅠㅠ Familiar faces and old memories in the BGM! I didn't expect much because of the style, but it was the best movie version of Digimon Make sure to watch it
10,It's a movie for adults who shared their memories.
10,
10,Thank you for being with me
10,The beginning of the journey to reuniting movies for us
10,
10,"Taeil, you've grown up a lot." Is that what you're saying to us who've become adults?
10,It's not disappearing, it's a secret that only we know
10,Wow, it would have been perfect if it weren't for the English pronunciation
1,If you added points to the grading system,
10,I want to share this feeling, so I leave a review like this. Digimon, which started when I was in kindergarten and is still my memory. By the time I became an adult, I watched the new series and all the theater versions. I never thought it was over while watching. But this movie version broke up with my memories. While watching the movie, I remembered the feelings and memories, so I couldn't see them anymore, so I felt as if a close person had died. I think I watched it while thinking about every line they shared while shedding tears. It's a heartbreaking story but I'm grateful to be able to see and share their stories.I want to thank them for protecting me as lifelong friends just as they have been lifelong friends to each other. I send good bye to my memories.
8,BGM's high level of utilization
10,I miss it, I miss it, I miss it, I remember it.
10,I've been exhausted and having a hard time these days, but watching this movie makes me feel comfort and reality again Thank you for growing up with me, Agumon. See you again
10,I can't help but shedding tears
10,The best... I really enjoyed it The movie version is the most lingering impression...
10,
10,The movie that everyone who spent their childhood with Digimon, but who is now an immature adult, should watch... ㅠㅠ진It's definitely the best movie series in Digimon's history...I'm still in the mood...)
10,
10,I cried my eyes out the whole time watching the movie ㅠㅠ for those who were with me ㅜ
10,It's a cartoon for adults after Toy Story 3
10,This work is really a masterpiece. It was more and more sad because we were Digimon together since we were young. Like the movie, I became an adult already. Maybe that's why it's harder to send...ㅜㅜ I really hope the sequel comes out. It's really fun
10,I was disappointed when I saw the try, but I got refreshed after watching the last evolution!
10,Make sure to watch it! Really!
10,I think I'm going to cry.인생 It's my life's work. As expected...
10,Make sure to watch it! Dog recommendation
10,I cried for the first time while watching the animation.It felt like I was leaving my childhood memories together.ㅜㅜ
10,It was a sad but perfect ending.
10,It's over the line... This is the best Digimon theater version that adults who grew up watching Digimon when they were young can't stop crying. Hello Digimon.
7,Personally, I was really disappointed. The whole time I watched, I was distracted by the probability, and especially in the beginning, it was too loose. Still, the last 15 minutes were pretty good, but even that was uncomfortable because it was not completely knotted and left the follow-up vague. I wonder what it would have been like if I had focused more on the emotions of the characters without the story progress or action.
1,I want to give 11 points.
1,
10,The scenes after the battle were sad It was a movie that made me cry If you liked Digimon, I recommend you to watch it You won't regret it
10,
10,I cried a lot in my mid-20sㅠ
10,It feels like I'm leaving my precious old friend
10,
10,I can't believe we have to break up because we're grown-ups.When I was a kid watching Digimon when I was young, I got older, discharged from the army, and now I'm an adult preparing to get a job, so I kept crying at the end
10,Hello... Digimon...
10,I don't know about tomorrow, but tomorrow, we'ㅠ
10,The last greeting of my childhood... Thank you very much
10,So we all became adults, and even if we thought about it for a while, it was a work that gave us the chance to move forward.
10,The diary that I didn't want to write every day in the first grade of elementary school might bother me when I read Digimon, so I wrote it all before I started, and I focused on it every time. The first grade kid is now 27 years old. All he cried while watching Patamon Cho Jin-hwa is crying now is the bitter taste of society and crying in his own room, but the time he didn't think he would go and the name tag "Adult" that he would never come. I was glad to see myself when I was 8 years old after a long time with Digimon, and I cried because I didn't want to let you go, and I had to let you go, so I cried a lot. Will there be another animation that will make me feel emotional when I overlap my childhood and present self? (I remember myself from 19 years ago, but my family and friends, the quiet scenery and atmosphere of that time, I couldn't go back, so I bowed my head and sobbed at the last Agumon's words.) TT)
10,Digimon, who was with me when I was young... I haven't seen it since elementary school, and I saw it now, but it's so touching...
10,I'm writing a review for the first time. I've been thinking about my childhood a lot and I've been thinking about the same things as the main characters, so I sympathized more and I couldn't stop crying. It's a great masterpiece!
10,I ended up crying.ㅠㅠ My childhood, my memories... I think it means to let go and live a good life. Anyway, if you grew up watching Digimon, you'll be hit with reality
10,As a person who loves Digimon, it was a masterpiece that could not be seen without tears. It's our last evolution! The part makes me feel emotional even when I think about it now. It's a pity that I didn't see it in the theater because of the lingering emotions.
10,I cried my eyes out.
10,
10,Farewell to Digimon with my childhood ㅠㅠ
10,
10,Agumon. Papimon... I'll go binge-watch it again.
10,Hi Digimon, I was happy because of you
10,It's a movie that reminds me of my childhood innocence when I watched Digimon cartoons. It's a perfect ending, maybe because I'm from the Digimon generation
10,This is a tribute to my childhood with Digimon. I remember crying when Digimon Adventure ended its last episode in 2001And as I became an adult in 2020, I still cried watching DigimonCompared to that time, I had a lot of breakups and even though I was old enough to drink with my friends like Taeil and Matthew and think about the future It's like my childhood wasn't gone, it was just seeping inDigimon is my favorite childhood cartoon and still is, just as Digimon says he is always with the main characters. I think we can move forward to meet our own Digimon because there's a work that brings back memories of our childhood. I hope that I can become a good adult every time I face myself
10,set fire to the man's heart. I'm so sad
10,I'll never forget it.
10,I cried while watching it. My memories...crying
10,I don't want to send...ㅜㅜ
10,It's TAEIL who chose to become an adult. Wow, we
10,DIDUCKS are about to cry at the end...
10,
10,We're all very tall...
10,I don't need to say anything?
10,
10,
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life that I'd never see if I had to watch it again
10,Just as I became an adult, Taeil became an adult. Agumon's departure from Taeil seems to have left me. I wanted to be with you longer. I don't want Agumon to leave Taeil because it's too boring. I really enjoyed watching it. I think it's my first time crying while watching an animation.
10,I hope TAEIL and Matthew can meet Digimon again
9,There is a meeting because there is a farewell.
10,If you're interested in Digimon, please watch it I'm going to lose
10,They said that memories are the most beautiful things when they remain as memories. I think a real breakup is when memories disappear into your heart and memory If you remember each other deeply like Taichi, Agumon Yamato, and Papimon, I don't think it's a breakup. Thank you very much.
10,The comments are sadder than the movie
10,
10,You've grown a lot, TAEIL
10,
10,I'll never forget you. Always be with me in my memory
10,It was a butterfly from beginning to end.The kids who loved Digimon as a child became adults, and Digimon was always the way he was, but this time I was moved to see Raéball, not just us who grew up. Digimon has grown up, too
10,Whenever I realize the reality of becoming an adult, I am always sad.
10,I'm crying... the generation that grew up watching Digimon Adventures as a child would relate
10,There is now because there are memories
10,The best finish to Digimon...
1,I recall my childhood memories, but I didn't know I had such a high rating. L
10,
10,Then we were all chosen children.
10,Was it 20 years ago? It is a cartoon that remains blurry in the long memory of the early 2000s. The Digimon I watched as a kid was a cartoon for children, but the Digimon I watched today was a cartoon for adults. I feel like I'm breaking up with an old pet. As the ending credit goes up, it shows more future times. In that time, unlike their younger siblings, there was no Digimon by their side. They, too, seem to be breaking up and running silently toward their own time. They seem to be living their lives diligently, but somehow they seem sad. It's just like us. We've grown up a lot.
10,That was almost 20 years ago.When I saw Digimon. After graduating from high school, I turned 20 years old, went to the army, and wandered. I was already 29 years old. I was so happy to see Digimon. It was a short but unforgettable time.As I watched it, I was able to get into it and I was immersed in it.Some lines, situations, etc. were sympathized and felt.Digimon Adventure that I spent my childhood with.And the sequel...It was good to make good memories in my life, including Digimon Adventure Last Evolution Kids, which I saw on the 29th.
9,We're always together
10,Goodbye, my childhood. crying
10,
10,
10,"Taichi, you've grown up a lot." Agumon seemed to be talking to me in reality, so I almost spilled Romgok.  It was a movie for adults who spent their childhood with Digimon. I've grown up a lot with the parts that connect with the scenes from a long time ago, and still the BGM, and the emotional emotions, right? It's already grown up like this. I could feel a deep longing by answering back Saying goodbye to my childhood,
10,It's the best. We've grown up like this We're with Digimon, and we're with Grown-upDigimon is the best
10,It's the best... It's my first time writing a rating and I wish Digimon lived somewhere on my phone.
10,"At that time, we were all chosen children."
10,Let's fight, TAICHI
10,The root, the root, the root, the root
10,I really cried and watched it. I think I ended my childhood memories together
10,We became adults too.Now that it's time to let them go, my heart aches.I was really happy.
10,Taichi, you've grown a lot.
10,It was so, so, so, so good
10,Real shot... Memories are sad. But if you live in reality, new memories will be madeI feel that way, and it's sadder that I've already grown up and lost my innocence. The animations of the memories bring back memories, bring back memories, make me sad, make me happy, make me sad, make me sad, make me sadThere is no real happy ending anywhere
10,Never leave a bottle of tissue next to you at home. There was no try in the first place.
10,The movie that ended with the last series, this movie that ruined it with a try
10,
10,I could see that they paid attention to making the adventures feel as modern as possible, such as evolutionary scenes. And I think the last of many scenes was definitely very impressive to Digimon fans. Taeil has been watching and loving Digimon since 20 years ago, and we have grown into adults, and Agumon could not have been more touching if we compare it with our childhood memories themselves. It was a production where we, as adults now, could keep our memories beautifully for reality and send them without lingering. I can't say lines or describe them in detail because of spoilers, but if you have love and good memories about Digimon, please watch it. It was a movie for grown-ups who really grew up.
10,Just like how we are right now.
10,"Taeil, you've grown up a lot". It sounded like Agumon said to me when I was in my mid-20s. I was so immersed in it. Hello Digimon. I want to fall asleep dreaming of you today. Bye for real. My memories
10,At the same time, Yamato played the harmonica and remembered his childhood when he was watching Digimon. I had a complicated feeling that was hard to describe I missed it and felt sad It reminded me of my childhood when I was imaginative and pure
10,I was flustered because it didn't match the Power Digimon ending, but it's a sad ending
10,Yeah, we're always together. Thank you
10,I just watched it for killing time because I remembered when I was young. It's so sad. It has a lot of meanings.
8,When Agumon and Papimon are gone, I feel like my childhood is gone too. I like everything, but the one thing that was not good was the design of Agumon and Papimon's new evolutionary body.
10,The Digimon generation will all grow up to see this So I could relate to that and I was sad
10,Digimon was like a diary to me, my childhood memories. I was young when I saw it at that time and there are memories in that time. The movie was good because they didn't want to forget happy memories that my childhood was not unhappy, so they said that my childhood was happy, and that my life was not unhappy. Now, I will send my childhood time to memory.
10,I was very disappointed when I saw the tri as half-worried and half-worried, but I also saw the movie as half-worried and half-worried while watching the theater version. Throughout the whole time, I was immersed in the immersion, and I felt as if I were there. Until the end...I think I shed all the tears while watching. Thank you for remembering my childhood.
10,
10,
10,This is not a memoir. It's a new adventure between us and Digimon.
10,The reason why Digimon touches us is that Taeil and his party are getting older together with us. As we get older and worry about the same thing, it means more than just a person on the screen
10,ㅠㅠ It's a masterpiece ㅜㅜ
10,If you like Digimon, make sure to watch it.  The homage and the message this movie sends. The poop with the tri. He cleans it up and wipes the floor. Thank you, Digimon. Goodbye Digimon
10,
10,Thank you for all those years. Hello Digimon.
8,In the 2000s, Digimon was a life animation.Over time, my body has grown, but my heart still lingers in my childhood.I felt like I was going to cry.Once I cried, I held it in.I miss those days
10,I cried my eyes out.We shouldn't be stuck in the past.Nevertheless, I felt the message that we had to move forward.I enjoyed it Thank you.
10,I have no choice but to give you 10 points.
10,Ten years ago when I was an elementary school student, I saw Digimon and said, 'I want to be a chosen child, too. If that happens, what position will I be a child in?" The child who vaguely laughed and chatted with his friends became in his late 20s and 30s. Since I started working at 19, I was busy living the reality right in front of me, regardless of my future dream, and when I got off work, I listened to old cartoons and opening songs at home and fell asleep for a lot. In this movie, I felt a lot of things while watching Taeil and Matthew who are not staying in the past but trying to move toward the future as adults, and Menoa Belucci, who are great geniuses but who are staying in the past and suffering. At the end, the scene where Agumon grew up a lot to Taeil sounded like he was saying to me, so I burst into tears. It was a good movie that gave a clear message to the viewers watching this movie.It's sad to think that Digimon is over, and that our grateful friends who shone in our childhood are leaving now, but like the message of the movie, we will not dwell on the past and move forward. Thank you for making our childhood fun and making us smile just by thinking about it. If you've seen Digimon Adventure, I recommend you to watch it.
10,
10,It's a beautiful ending
10,Thank you, you made me happy.
10,This movie reminded me of my mother The existence that we always relied on when we were young, as we grew older, our familiarity increased, our preciousness decreased, and when we lived for ourselves... I turned around and the countdown started, and no one could stop me I miss you. One day, when my daughter becomes an adult and becomes old and the time to say goodbye is near, I will say goodbye and a reunion "I'll go meet you," collecting all the happy moments of my life
8,I don't think we're breaking up. We've always said goodbye before, but we've always met again, so we can't see each other for a very short time again this time. I believe that someday I will meet you again when I accept myself as an adult and start a new adventure again. I love you Agumon, I love you Papimon, I love you Shiramon, I love you Palmon, I love you Tentamon, I love you Piyomon, I love you. See you again, my partners.
10,
10,Now that I'm almost 30 years old, I've been tired of hard work, quit my job, re-employment, and forgot about my childhood innocence, but I feel like I've met myself again as a child. I gained courage to move forwardIt's a good movie that's fun and touching Recommendation!
10,It's already been 20 years since I saw Digimon
10,It's been a while since I felt the thrill. This is Digimon
1,rating adjustment
10,I think I became an adult too quicklycrying
3,It's like a failed try and this piece flew up.Will giving up one by one really make you an adult? This isn't all that'sir. You're just forcing me to accept the breakup, right? It's been a while since I've seen a movie version like this.
10,I thought you were saying that Agumon grew up a lot to TAICHI.It's like saying to me that we're together forever.Eventually, I burst into tears...ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,29 years old, so you were in fourth grade.I sympathized more with the story of the chosen children because it seemed like my story. Now I'm an old man who works for a game company, but I still want to stay as a child.
10,If you're a real D-duk, make sure to watch it
10,It was fun, but it was more fun than the try, but the story is weird.The last episode of Digimon Adventure 02 (Broadcast to Korea X) says that everyone has a partner Digimon and the digital world has become known to the world.Adventure protagonists had children and partners Digimon.That's what it says.
10,I've been watching rockfish
10,Memories are beautiful, but I think they told us that we have to move on because we can't regress. Thank you for all the Digimon symbols that made my memories and childhood and raised me as an adult.
10,Hello, my precious memories
10,Hello, my childhood
10,It feels like 20 years with Digimon is coming to an end
10,I saw the end of my childhood
10,I was 27 years old, watching Digimon Adventure Last Evolution, and I was reborn as a real adult.Aside from the simple film or animation, the philosophical message I wanted to convey in this work was so touching.Agumon! The fact that we were together is unchanged and I will always keep that memory in my heart, and I will take it out and watch it when I'm really tired and exhausted
10,Digimon's greatest masterpiece. ㅠㅠT
10,First of all, the quality is so high that even mentioning it, let alone comparing it to a tri I don't even want to remember, is an insult The production and directing of the story were all of them It's superior in quality.  I always think about it, but Digimon always breaks up and misses me, right? Where's the end of Zero Two? It's not like I gave it to you or took it out. It's like I'm forced to break up with my precious friend. I don't understand If I were you, I'd want to live in a happy memory forever I'm a petty adult. Your life is so tough. I like my soft, sweet childhood The more you grow up, the more you have to give up. I'm a bit sad
10,I just shed tears in the last scene ㅜㅜㅜ
10,Thank you for the best movie
10,Make sure to watch it regardless of the reason
10,
10,Being an adult but breaking up with my partner Digimon is so hard I met myself as a child
10,This story was really sad and touching. grown-up
10,What is this...ㅜㅜ
10,The last evolutionary line and the scene where I watched Digimon when I was a kid, I was impressed by the scene was impressive
10,I was thinking about buying it because of the tri, but I wondered if this was why I showed you the mesh first. I cried all the time I spent, and every scene was so precious that I couldn't even wipe my tears the real thing
10,We were with Digimon Adventure at the time.
10,I feel like the second act of my life started after watching the movie.
10,The Digimon series that I've watched since I was young... Especially, I think the reason why Adventure is most memorable is because it was the first Digimon series I encountered. When I first saw him, he was just eight years old, but when I saw Taichi's group who became college students, I became more empathetic. When I thought Agumon grew up a lot, I felt like I couldn't express it in words. The ending, at first glance, seemed to show that our dreams were never over, while giving the Tai Chi group room to meet their partner Digimon again. Thank you so much for making this for Digimon
10,
10,Once we were all chosen children
10,With this movie, I broke up with my childhood with Digimon, and now that I'm an adult, I'm moving forward to tomorrow...I cried a lot.ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
9,How is the production? How is the probability? I compared it to Tri and Pokemon. Honestly, I had a lot of thoughts. I don't think I need anything like that at the end That's what I think. It was nice to feel that emotion for a moment I'm almost 30 years old, and I'm so excited to see Digimon Staff members, thank you for making us reminisce You're really an adult It's so empty after the movie
10,I'm slowly getting forgotten. I thought it was a staying Digimon, but it's getting a day away. I'm living separately every day
10,I kept crying while watching itThe children I saw when I was young grow up and have the same worries as me, and when I see them, I feel understood and choked up.This is the last video, but I hope it's not the last memory
10,Digimon, who was with me when I was a kid.It was a very meaningful movie now that I became an adult.
10,When I was young... When my pretty young mother calls me to eat... I remember jumping up from the sofa and running while watching Digimon. Why am I crying when I think about the dinner time when I smelled soybean paste stew?
10,If it's a try after the last one, the flow will be good
10,I haven't seen it yet, but I'll give you 10 points afterwards
10,Omega Mon figures today, search for a movie to watch at a toy store I bumped into after a long time I happened to find out that the Last Evolution was out and immediately watched, and at that moment I went back to being an eight-year-old kid.
1,to break someone's heart
10,When I was an elementary school student and my partner Digimon series turned 30, I am leaving. I am so thankful and thankful to Digimon series that made me excited just by watching it from my school days until now.
10,When Agumon said, "You've grown up, Taichi," I thought I was going to cry. It is also a word to Taichi and a word to an audience who grew up together while watching the Digimon series. It can always grow and become strong in an instant with the transcendent "evolution" through digi-device, but as mentioned in the book, even if human children grow up and change a lot, they remain the same as Digimon. Isn't it paradoxical that you can grow (evolve) so quickly, but unlike humans who grow and change slowly, you are always the same... Isn't it because Digimon is a partner for everyone and a childlike innocence that will remain somewhere in that person's mind forever? But there comes a time when a man says goodbye to his childhood innocence. It's not like you didn't have a childhood innocence (partner Digimon dies), but now you can't go back to your childhood innocence (meeting partner Digimon) through a tunnel where you become an adult. Being an adult is as painful and sad as breaking up with partner Digimon. However, Taichi and Yamato shout that they still have to survive. This is what I say to the audience who feel sorry and lonely that they can't go back to that time, recalling the days when they watched Digimon Adventures when they were young. The pain and determination of being an adult. It was the most interesting and beautiful Digimon series I've ever seen. It's the best. You'll need to be prepared to accept the theme of this movie and leave Digimon with only good memories. What can I do about being lonely? This is why I like Digimon more than Pokémon. I would like to thank the production crew for sealing the wounds of Tri-ra's rare failure and making such a good film.
10,It's so fun.
1,ㄵ
10,
10,Ah... I was happy.
10,Digimon, send me to you
1,It's a well-made movie, but it has too high a rating
1,For rating adjustment
10,Best movie that reminds me of my childhood ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
1,Hall of Fame
10,I don't want to see you again.
10,My eyes are swollen because I cried so much. Perfect from beginning to end
10,The beginning and end of Digimon is always Taichi's whistle
10,Good, good. It's above your expectations. You can be touched if you watch it at dawn
10,Once in the old evolutionary scene, once in the brave heart, once in the end in the crying butterfly, even the reboot I'm doing now doesn't fully capture the adventure, but the last evolution completely summoned the adventure of that time. I watched everything while empathizing with my thoughts, worries, and longing for memories, which are similar age to Taeil who is about to graduate.
10,
1,It's not fun. Why is this the highest rating on NAVER?
10,It's not a movie for children. It's a movie for us who grew up watching Digimon
10,Digimon is a real legend...I'm crying
10,Make sure you watch it
10,It was more meaningful because I was born in 1990 and it was Digimon that I had been with since I was young I didn't cry even when I watched a sad movie, but I was crying without realizing it. I enjoyed it as if it was a work that lingers in my mind My childhood
10,Lastly, I'll give you a life lesson!
10,Do you need words?Butterfly, The Last Evolution, The Whistle, The Harmony Cao Verap went so well and I looked back on my childhood once againI just shed tears about four times
10,It was the most touching moment.
10,The last scene where your partner disappeared is so sad. You ㅠㅠ
10,Hi, Digimon.I'll fall asleep dreaming of you ㅠㅠ
10,I want to eat melon bingsu
10,In the best animation movie of my life, I am divided between the real world and the Digimon world, but I myself, who live in the real world, miss the Digimon of memories and the digital world.Digimon remains the same, but I've grown up myself.After a long time, the theater version came out and watched it, but I didn't think of spending it like this.It's a Japanese work that teaches you a lesson, so move forward. The best Digimon Adventure ever
1,I'm sorry, I'm giving you a point for balance because you beat historical movies and won first place in Johnny's
10,Best, no need to say anything else!
10,I sent Digimon through this movie. Hi.
10,Hi, Digimon. Thank you for everything
10,
10,Just as the main characters parted ways with their partner Digimon, I felt like they were saying goodbye to the generation that grew up watching Digimon.
10,
1,Thanks to JAEMIN, you won the first place in history. So, balance patch
10,Thank you for giving me a chance to look back on my childhood in an hour and a half.
10,I think it's better to read and read the review. When I watched Digimon when I was young, I cried so much because it seemed to mean that I should put it down and live fiercely looking at the present. Like I squeezed out a liter of tears. Thank you, Digimon staff.
10,Digimon's greatest masterpiece. When I watched Toy Story 3, I was touched when I heard "I love you" by Tony Stark
10,...I'm somewhat movedI enjoyed it
10,Make sure you watch it. You have no regretsㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,My agumon...My papimon...Tears and runny nose ㅠㅠ It reminds me of my elementary school days
10,I'm touched that the Digimon I saw when I was a child became an adult. It reminds me that I still have a dream in my heart
10,I really liked the OST!
10,Cried in the trailer, cried in the main.
10,It's like a movie that's more than a memory
10,Personally, I think it's the best Digimon movie ever.
9,I can relate to the comment that you broke up with your childhood
10,I am a part-time teacher who is always unstable in my 30s. And I'm a person who has a lot of weaknesses that I can't tell others about. So I've always looked back on my childhood when I was innocent and just enjoyed my existence itself. I finish my day by looking for songs I listened to when I was young on YouTube and watching TV programs I enjoyed when I was young and looking for games. At school, I've been enduring a day by overlapping my difficult situation with my children while watching them. In this situation, the message this movie sends to me is indescribable. Just as you can't move forward if you look back, now I'm going to try to cut back on the past a little bit. In reality, I want to change myself, living like a plant man and always playing in Neverland in the past. Adults and children who cried after watching this movie move forward.
10,The most perfect way for an old ip to say hello to old fans, and if you're an old Digimon fan, the more touching and good it is, but if you're not a Digimon fan, the setting is unreasonable and the story is obvious, but I'm a Digimon fan of 20 years
9,Those born in the 90s feel emotional. It's good to think of childhood memories.At the time, I was competing against Pokemon, but I was a Digimon group that had various types of transformationI think it was okay if I just looked at him without thinking about other series.When Agumon says, "TAEIL, you've grown up a lot", it's weird and touching
10,That's amazing. It's been a while since I saw them in Japan, but all the adults cried at the theater.Don't be stuck in the memories. Running toward tomorrow hurts my heart. When I'm a child, I want to become an adult quicklyI want to go back when I grow up Ahgumon is making me soft with friends who were frozen, games, young parents, and young me who didn't have worries. It was fun and beneficial.
10,
10,I cried my eyes out while watching the animation.
10,Agumon, I always love you ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,When we first saw Digimon Adventure, we were about the same age as the main characters, and over time they and we grew up.Digimon Adventure Last Evolution: To fit the word 'last' in the title of fate, we grew up and watched this movie and made last memories with them, and now we part ways.Thank you and thank you for giving happiness, joy, and impression to my childhood. It was fun. I'll wait for the day we meet again.
10,It just lingers so much.
10,Ahgumon, don't go ㅜㅜㅠ
1,
10,I cried.It was so sentimental
1,Stop manipulating the score!
10,ㅠㅠ Forced separation from the path of becoming an adult... After the breakup, you have to meet me. Oh... I'm really sad. Forced to break up. I want to see it again. Digimon...
10,It's sadder to see you as an adult.I hope to see you again next time ㅠㅠㅠㅠIt was a bit far-fetched, but it was so touching.
10,Hi, Digimon. I'll fall asleep dreaming of you. Hi, Digimon friends. Hi, everyone.
10,DigiVice is the latest model lol
10,Taeil and Matthew, who grew up with me, drank beer... I worry about the future.  It may be a cliche story for kids these days, but it is the best movie for me with them.
10,It was a time when I looked back on my childhood when I watched the reruns on Anime Tooniverse before I was born
9,I really enjoyed myself. [Laughing]
10,I realized that I'm an adult. I thought about it.Hi, my childhood.
10,The last Digimon we've seen since we became adults ㅠㅠ I didn't expect much but cried ㅜㅜ I admit it was a masterpiece...
10,indescribable emotion
10,Whenever we have to make a choice and move forward more than anyone else, it seems that longing and memories can go further in our hearts.  TAEIL and Matthew's choice to sacrifice for the last person may not be a unique choice, but I think Sora's choice would have been all of us
1,It was a musical instrument
10,Crazy. Crazy. I poured out the emotions of my childhood
1,have a high GPA
10,I will work hard for a better future by recalling my childhood memories.It's a very good work.
10,ㅠㅠ Thank you very much. I'll look forward to the next episode
10,Thinking that it was the last time, tears came out naturally. Especially Taeil, Matthew, Agumon, Papimon, you guys were the best!
8,It wasn't a perfect touch But in the end, everything was included in the word that Agumon grew up a lot to Taichi.That scene made me cry and cry like crazy...
10,If we had evolved together in the first battle, it would have been sad if we had given more weight to other testers, but the story was highly probable I thought it was from Sora Digivis. I got goosebumps.
10,The movie that people who watched Digimon Adventure on KBS2 can't help but get 10 points
10,When Agumon Papimon disappeared... Tears
10,I felt like I lost my childhood companion, my old companion. I am so sad that Digimon ends like this.
10,It's a movie that can't contain all the emotions I felt after watching the movie. But it's a movie that has memories that people who watched it can understand even if they don't say anything.
10,My one and only masterpiece that makes my heart flutter is over Digimon, who has been with me since my childhood, will remain in my heart forever Thank you for making a good movie I hope you don't lose your dream and continue...
10,
10,We stimulated the emotional lines by using familiar BGM.Digimon and children, who gave us joy and fantasy as children, have become adults who feel the weight of reality with us, and you remain as our childhood memories and memories. I will never forget the animation that I loved so much in my life.
10,A movie that must be watched by generations who remember Digimon Adventure. A movie that makes them feel how precious and precious childhood memories are.A movie that finds out that I've really an adult.
10,If you're a Digimon generation, I recommend you to watch it.
10,Who knew I would get emotional while watching Digimon?
10,The process of becoming an adult is the process of losing something.The most precious thing, that we can't meet again or find again.You have to overcome that sense of loss to become an adult.
10,I'm sure everyone agrees, but when they were young, they must have encountered Digimon or cartoons in kindergarten or elementary school, and now they're in their 20s and 30s living in reality, whether they're college or work. I think it's because I know the point of nostalgia and catch it well that the counterattack of the adult empire gets high ratings and support even if it's not a box office hit.Because individual mental time is relatively slower than physical time and real time...
10,NUCLEAR MOVEMENT ㅠㅠ TOTALLY LONG
9,I miss those times.
10,I think it will be an unforgettable movie version.
10,My dear Digimon is not over
10,
10,I didn't know that we would experience the emotion beyond our war game in the last evolution. In Korea, Digimon Adventures first began at KBS in 2000, and at this time, the audience, who were children at the time, became adults and became part of society, and they would have lost a lot of their childhood innocence. It's hard to live, and I want to cry, but I'm at an age where I can't cry. Digimon, who's been with us so far, has lost its infinite potential, but it's okay, because even after a few years, our precious memories won't disappear. I felt comforting, saying, "You are still a wonderful person who shines, so move on with yourself." I feel that Last Evolution was a jewel-like story that gave us unforgettable memories and emotions as adults. Thank you.
10,It was a story that seemed to push my back, which was afraid of becoming an adult. Thank you for giving me an animation that I fell in love with for the first time in my life and the best finish of my life.
9,You're old enough to be touched by Matthew's harmonica
10,Memories of the past are not a place to go back, but a resting place and driving force for the future. Bye Digimon!
10,I came here to see what the audience must have felt because I was embarrassed to watch an animation in the middle of my 20s.  I think people from a similar era felt the same way Harry Potter and Digimon grew up like me and I think they are works where I can feel my childhood memories It reminded me of the past a lot, and it was a sad day when I felt like I became an adult It's so normal at the end that it's more lingering... If there's a breakup, we'll meet again, so let's wait for the next episode! I think I'll listen to the OST when I'm in middle age Thank you so much for Digimon Adventure Last Evolution, which reminded me of my childhood.
10,I thought that the children who grew up watching Digimon participated in this work. If you listen carefully to how he can capture all the points as if he understood the viewers' hearts, he used the original sound source in the beginning, but as the story goes, the original arrangement goes beyond the original. In the end, I was surprised by the production of the original sound source in the theater version. When I first heard about Wadakoji's Butterfly, I thought it was just a memory booster. I honestly thought I wouldn't cry, but I cried so sadly throughout the movie. I felt like I was avoiding the desire to become an adult. The main characters, who were about the same age, reappeared as adults after 20 years. My heart has become indescribable. In this theater version, I was so emotionally immersed that I was sad for no reason, saying, "Why don't I have a partner Digimon?" If there was, could I be honest with my feelings like Taichi and Yamato, and look at my new dream to meet them again? That's what I think. Actually, it is very hard now, but I think I am very lucky to meet Digimon. I hope one day I can remove the shade and smile at this work again.
10,내 어렸을때부터 지금 군대에 있기까지 힘든 때마다 듣던 노래 butterfly 정말 듣고 볼때마다 가슴이 벅차던 노래와 장면들 지금 이장면들과 노래를 들으면서 그런 감정과 추억을 느낄수있는 우리야 말로 진정한(선택받은 아이들이 아닌가) 영화 정말 감명깊게 봤다.Let's not be tied to the past, let's move forward, let's look at the past, sometimes look at the past, sometimes laugh, sometimes cry, there's no word for the present, 10 seconds ahead and a minute ahead is the future and the past. Let's move on, and one day, I'll be discharged from the military. Thank you, Digimon Adventure, for reminding me of all these different emotions
10,I almost peed when the whistle blew
10,I watch it with joy when I'm young, but now that I'm older, I watch it calmly, and at the end...I thought Agumon was talking to me when I said I grew up a lot I've become an adult, too. Among animations, Digimon is the first one to leave her childhood Thank you for ending the Adventure Theater version
10,I think it's the best movie of my life. I cried for half an hour. I keep crying whenever I watch it. ㅠㅠ I really, really, really watch it no matter what. It was just the best. I can't put it into words. It's a crazy movie.
10,My childhood adventure is over. Agumon, Papimon, Piyomon, Tentamon, Palmon, Shiramon, Padamon, Flutemon. Thank you for staying with me until I grow up. Hello Digimon.
10,The unforgettable memory of my life, Digimon, until the end beautifully...
10,It is sometimes difficult to move forward with a masterpiece that becomes so empathetic and thoughtful, but it is okay because I sometimes remember the memories of those days. It seems to give me courage to be confused even though I am already an adult ㅜㅜ
10,I still remember it vividly as my favorite cartoon when I was young, but when I saw this movie, I thought that we grew up together, and I felt strange, overwhelmed, and I felt so emotional that I cried while watching it.
10,I was confused about what I wanted to talk about at Tri, and I didn't like the style, but I love that the artist came back and released a new theater version I cried the whole time I watched itㅠㅠㅠㅠIf the movie was released, I would have cried while sympathizing with the viewers. That's a bummer. I liked the movieㅠㅠㅠㅠ I hope this isn't the endㅠㅠT
10,They taught us how to carry the past and move forward
10,We're talking about memories without looking at this I think that is nonsense. If you want to talk about memories, look at this first and go back to memories.
10,Hi, Digimon. I want to fall asleep dreaming of you. Hi, Digimon friends. Hi, everyone.
10,
3,Whether it is written or directed, Digimon has no unique feeling at all, but when he insists that it is Jongjang, he only laughs. The story was so cliche and cliche that I felt drowsy.
10,Hello Digimon
10,The movie that made me feel the emotions that I saw and felt when I was young. It ended like this, but it made me realize that memories always remain in my heart
10,As expected, Digimon series is so much fun. The last episode of Power Digimon will be married and Agumon and Papimon will be together, so we will meet again, right? Please say yes
10,
10,I already wrote everything I wanted to say
6,Is being an adult really learning to give up one by one? Is it mature to know how to give up?
10,Actually, it's a little awkward to say it's perfect, but the previous one was so messed up. [Voiceover] And with low expectations, both the longing and the realistic content and the deep afterglow of that time fit together. The movie version that we want finally came out, so you can't end it like this. Last Evolution: If it's meant to be, Last Evolution: You have to reunite
10,Hello Digimon...
10,Thank you for being with me when I was young
10,I cried all the time watching Digimon, which was my everything, but I was so happy while crying because it seemed that the hopeful message was not the end but also said it. Just saying that it wasn't the end was a big touching and thankful thing.  Thank you for making this work
5,What's that...When you use it from the past and throw it away because you don't need it?
10,I've never cried watching a movie in my life. However, tears came out for the first time after watching this movie. In society, people often run forward as they grow up. Every time that happens, there are times when it is hard and exhausting. Even if you want to look back and go back to the past, you can't go back, so you can sometimes be trapped in a more difficult situation than reality. Through this movie, I think I can send myself in the past a little comfortably now. It is said that a person's life span is about 100 years. It was the best animation of my childhood masterpiece.I don't think such a work will ever come out again.Digimon Adventure where I could cry and laugh...But I hope to see you again someday. Bye for a while.
10,After seeing it. It's sad. It reminds me of when I watched Digimon Adventure when I was young and I was spaced out for a while thinking that Agumon Kabumon that I know disappeared. The last hopeful message that we can see again makes us look forward to it again
10,Really... From the beginning to the end, it's crazy.Thank you for giving me the details to make me feel comfortable, zero-two, and connecting, and the evolutionary scene and the drawing...All the kids who were chosen to be came out, including Tongtongmon, Worcester, and Terriermon.Agumon, who looks back after fighting Parrotmon, homage to the old theater version.The whistle is...I found out when I saw that Sora's pyomon had already disappeared.Ha! It's the number one animation that I've been loving for 20 years, but I can't believe it's like the last episode... Ha... It's wet ㅠㅠ Give it to me instead of renting it!crying
10,I'm so sorry that Digimon, which I've seen since I was young, ends like this, but the message that is delivered to us sounds too cold, but it seems to be a realistic message.When you grow up, you're breaking up with Digimon. But in one place in my mind, of course, I can't forget Digimon.
10,The last scene was spent with my childhoodㅠㅠ Oh, it hurts ㅠㅠ
10,Why can't I stop crying?
10,
10,
10,Digimon Adventure that never forgets us! Thank you!  Because you are always with us in our hearts, we will not give up thinking about you and continue to live for the future.I'm sure our relationship won't end here!Wait for me! We'll go see you again this time!
10,
10,I don't know what to say It was just a theater version that filled the laughter and tears and emotions throughout the movie.Those born in 1990 and who have seen Digimon since they were young will be able to make memories and tears.
10,I felt like I was robbed of everything. I kept crying for a while.
9,When adults talk about how grown up they are, "You've grown up a lot." But after that age, I can say that I've grown up a lot. Last Evolution. When adults told me that I've grown up a lot, I wasn't impressed.But when Agumon says to TAICHI, "You've grown up a lot," that emotion... If the adventure is treasured on the page of your memories, make sure to watch it
10,Agumon, you are the best friend to me. When I see Digimon from a young age, I am happy like Taeil, sometimes I have a hard time, sometimes I cry alone like today.Agumon, are you going to be my partner for the rest of my life now and in the future?Let's meet again. Bye
10,I want to give more than 5 stars
10,Thank you.
10,It was a great movie that made me feel like I was leaving my childhood But I was so happy that you gave me hope to move forward even if I let you go. My score is 10 points!
7,I borrowed a video when I was young and watched it several times. Even when I grew up, my heart flutters when I listen to the introduction of Butterfly. The evaluation was so good that I looked forward to it with excitement, but I was disappointed. I've used all the best materials for adventure, such as the train on File Island, Nari's whistle, Omega Mon, and parting, but the delivery power is not supporting it. I cried when I watched Adventure again as I got older, and it's the same breakup, but I don't think this one has that much impact.
10,It's not a try, it's a follow-up to a proper adventure in 20 years
10,
10,This ending is so sad... I hope there are more follow-ups
10,Goodbye, my childhood, you made me happy and happy
10,
10,
10,No... As everyone said, it's a perfect ending, but I'm so sad... I can't believe it. I'm not cursing, so please try again like the last line.crying
10,Does anyone know the name of the last evolutionary species?
10,The heart of breaking up with me when I was young
10,My Digimon bury us in our hearts and promise to meet again, and we become a little closer to adults. Have a happy adult, everyone! My friends grew up a lot!
8,A movie for adults who saw it as Digimon even when they were old. It showed only the typical story without dragging it out. That was better.
10,Students in the '90s who have never written a GPA in their lives ㅜㅜ....
10,It's the first time in my life that I have a rating. Those born in the '90s must see. It wasn't just a Digimon movie.
10,Digimon is a cartoon about my childhood, and it still touches me a lot as an adult어른 I learned that there are infinite possibilities for adultscrying
10,I felt like I grew up with TAEIL when I was young
10,I was born in 1994 when I was in elementary school. It was my favorite cartoon when I was in elementary school. I wish there was a dubbing version.Honestly, I wish the next episode would come out. I thought I wouldn't cry after reading the comments, but I cried after watching cartoons. It's been so long since I cried. It's been so cool
10,A movie that makes us feel mature and grown up like the chosen children.The movie reminded me of the saying, "You can endure the pain of separation only when you become a true adult.
10,Adults are said to have become adults because they can't be children anymore, but I think so all the time.
10,Now I'm old enough to send Digimon.
10,It really seemed like my story To be honest, we were all chosen children back then, and it must be the best work for me, who has been watching Digimon from time to time Thank you, Digimon
10,The end of 25 years of Digimon... Goodbye.
10,Thank you, Digimon. It was so touching
10,It's a story that tells me to keep my memories on the other side of my memory and move forward from now on, but I almost cried.
10,Memories of my partner Digimon in the practice room
10,TAICHI grew up a lot.
10,The whistle has grown a lot.
10,
10,It's just a masterpiece
10,Personally, I always felt too realistic about not being able to stay in the past and having to break up one daySo I think it's a movie that made me think about myself again
9,It was a good movie to finish the cartoon of memories called Digimon Adventure beautifully. Except for Sora's portion...
10,There's even an adult story! I was curious, but it's so niceI won't be able to see you again, but I'll have to remember the Digimon story that's being broadcastedIt's so much fun haha
10,have grown up
10,
10,Oh my god
2,But I'm older than the "G" tail, but why is the hornmon okay?", but why is Hornmon normal?
10,Digimon, which I have seen since I was young, was always an exciting and awaited cartoon. However, I was excited to see the theater version, but I felt that I had to go forward now, so I could intuitively feel that I was an adult now. I felt like Digimon was pushing me to move forward to me in reality.
10,I cried... I can see myself becoming an adult
10,As I empathize with the main characters who make a lot of choices and move forward, the words of our partner Digimon are as touching as they say to meIn the middle of the movie, it permeated my dry heart like rain water, and the moment I watched the movie, I went back to my childhood and cried.drink makgeolli even when one is 80 years old I think I'm gonna pour makgeolli on my head and evolve as soon as I hear Butterflya masterpiece that will remain in one's memory forever
10,It's my first time crying over Annie. ㅠㅠ I miss the first episode of Digimon, I miss my childhood, I have a lot of dreamsㅠㅠT
10,The best masterpiece. It's a work that can't help but shedding tears.
10,Really... If you watched this for 20 years and did a story, you succeeded.I really succeeded.Whoo
10,This is what I say to everyone in my adult life. What kind of movie can I watch as an adult and feel this much emotion?
10,It feels like one of my childhood memories is gone.It's so sad.I believe that there will be a meeting if there is a breakup, and I hope that the reunion episode will come out.
10,I cried a lot. Please watch how it feels to have grown up with TAEIL and Matthew Take a look at it three times. Take a lot of tissues
10,
10,I just want to go back to that time
10,It's really the best...It's been a while since I cried
10,Digimon is really the best masterpiece.
10,A whole box of tissues, tears, runny nose, a year's worth of lost money, it was a pity
10,When I watch Digimon, I feel like I'm going back to my childhood when I first saw it, so I often watched it, but the last movie version... Digimong... Hello...
10,It was like telling me not to lose my dream even when I become an adult
10,
10,
10,I don't know
10,I cried while watching the most beautiful ending
10,It's so touching and nostalgic.I bought it with a week's rental ticket, so I'm going to watch it
10,Hi, Taichi. Yamato. Hi, Taeil. Matthew. Hi. Agumon. Papimon. Hello. When I was young, I always believed that my partner Digimon would be next to me. But you guys are leaving this time. Now that I'm an adult...I'm an adult now. I've never seen you guys before, but it was nice. Because you've always been by my side. See you later
10,Hello Digimon
10,Being around all the time is desperate for its preciousness when its existence weakens or disappears. Of course, I can't always do well, but when I leave my side, I hope I can spend it as a happy memory with laughter rather than tears.
10,Next week, I will graduate from graduate school and get a job at my first company. I'm already an adult, but I made the last Digimon movie that makes me think a lot
10,With a digimon-like development and ending at around 7-6pm, I feel like I've grown up as an adult with the main characters, along with the old perfume that I've always seen on TV.The story was actually obvious, but I felt it was enough to bring back memories.I didn't know it was released and I was looking through IPTV, so I paid right away and watched it.
10,
10,
10,
10,It's a masterpiece and suicide prevention movie for people who've experienced Digimon sensitivity when they were really young
10,I've been watching Digimon since I was young and I thought it would be nice if adventure series came out, and I like Digimon even when I became an adult. I was hoping that the Digimon story would continue, but I feel like this story has to come to terms with the ending. I was sad that the feeling of not wanting to break up with Digimon seems to reflect our image like a mirror. I think it was a good ending because there is a message for us to move forward as adults now.
10,It's like a sad ending, but it's a happy ending.I look forward to the dubbed version of Korean.
10,It really touched my heart then.
10,TAICHI, you've grown a lot. A famous line ㅠㅠ If you called your partner's name once when he disappeared, you would have cried a lot because it felt like you were saying goodbye to my childhood ㅠㅠ... Let's meet again and come out with another movie that connects to the Power Digimon ending...
10,I became an adult with Digimon and the chosen children.
10,It would have been better to end it like this, but it's so sad. The fact that the children at that time are now becoming adults. Losing innocence... However, the lesson that if you stay in the past, you can't move forward. It was a very complete movie version. I cried a lot. It's sad.
10,Things to lose in the process of growing from child to adult
10,As soon as Taichi blew his whistle, I felt how much the movie thought of the real fans and made up the story.
10,It was nice to see you guys who were with me in my childhood again, and thank you for saying that we are always together even if we break up. I think I still missed those days a lot when I looked at you when I was 30. I feel emotional and happy.
10,I heard that the first Digimon theater version was released, so I watched it. It was a movie that I could feel the emotion of my generation. I was touched the whole time I watched it.ㅠ
10,It's more fun than I thought
10,The last time you see Power Digimon, you'll be with the main characters and Digimon. You've found a way to meet them again, right? ㅠㅠ It's not a setup error, right? Please say no
10,I didn't expect much from watching "Try", but I really enjoyed it!Reminds me of my memories ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I think we grew up together since we were young. Thank you.
10,I was happy.
10,When I was young, I played KBS and Tooniverse in front of TV, watched Digimon Adventure, played Digimon slap-match at school, and played Digimon Damagochi with my friends. I became an adult and forgot all these memories, but I reminisce about them again. I still remember the scenes where Wargraymon and Wargaramon appeared in Angelmon's arrows, Angelmon and Angel Woman catching Devilmon. I think it was the best cartoon series of my generation.Thank you for watching.
10,
10,It's not just that time. It's a real Butterfly
10,My teenage years have passed and I'm in my 20s, and I'm saying hello to myself to move forward. Apart from cartoons, it's the best move
10,When I saw Digimon at the end of my 30s, my struggling life overlapped with my childhood innocence, and when Agumon said, "Taichi has grown up a lot," I burst into tears without realizing it...I hope it will be like a Power Digimon ending. I hope Agumon comes back
10,When I saw this work, I was really touched. The production and direction were all good. I really recommend this last evolution.
10,Indescribable Emotional Digimon
9,You should've done this before. Why did you mess up the tri... I didn't expect much. Since it's Digimon, I watched it with the intention of watching it. The production is good and the story is obvious that it's the last one. The movie message and I don't want to send it even though I know I have to send it. What's unfortunate is that Sora's character changes more and more passively Even if Sora is scared and runs away, she always loves her friends and gives them strength in the end, but I didn't know she would do anything until the end I was hoping you'd show up at the end.It's even more unfortunate if the proportion is decreasing because of ambiguous love lines.I miss the confident, bright, and loving Sora from Digimon Adventure
10,It was a precious movie that provided me with a good experience when I was a child who was already an adult and tired of social life and went back to my childhood after watching this movie. Even if it's hard like the book in the movie, I think I need to move forward and live my life hard once again!
10,This is our last evolution."It was nice to be able to complete my childhood, which is the last but not the last.
10,I became an adult, but my heart is not ready to become an adult. Tears welled up
10,
10,Let's move forward with tears in our eyes because we can't run away into memories.Thank you. Digimon in my memory
10,
10,At the end, tears come out automatically
10,If you've seen Digimon, at least the generation who've seen it, you've been deeply moved by it, and you've probably become an adult, so for me with Peter Pan syndrome, it's really fun and impressive. It's not as easy to cry as a cartoon
10,Watch the Digiard TV summary during Peninsular time and go watch this. It would be more touching if you cried after watching this than if you were looking at it.
9,I cried a lot while watching it at the beginning of 30 seconds.
10,We were the chosen ones to watch Digimon, and Digimon was our partner.
10,When I came home from kindergarten, it was my daily life to watch Digimon Adventures borrowed from a video book while eating snacks from my grandmother, and like other friends, I admired Angelmon's appearance, and I must have had an imaginary partner. The imaginary partner seemed to have been gradually forgotten as he grew older. This movie can't go back to the happy childhood I spent watching Digimon, but I think I wanted to show that memories with Digimon Adventures remain in our hearts whenever and wherever we recall them. Digimon, thank you so much for being a precious memory of my childhood. I don't know how busy, hard, and vicious cycle my life will be, but sometimes I think of you who were with me as a child and I'll go back to that time and meet you. I'll dream of you and sleep today Hello Digimon
10,Expectations were lowered a lot because of the try, but the graphics were much upgraded even though they were faithful to Digimon Adventures after a long time. And anyone who has seen Digimon at that time can be moved desperately, and the message it sends to us living in reality. I thought it might not be good at first, but why don't you take a look at a work that has great merit to graduate from old work and fall into Digimon's memories
10,Why? It was a movie that made me think a lot even though I'm still a child
10,If you're a Digimon fan, you should watch this movie
10,I watched it while squeezing at the age of 30. I remembered the moment when I first encountered Digimon when I was 10, and I suddenly remembered my school days watching various Digimon.I happened to see Digimon, which I've forgotten, and a movie that I can look back on my past and now, I dare say it's a masterpiece, and if you're my age, and if you've grown up watching Digimon, you can't help but cry at the end.
10,The last one is a very satisfying ending It's Yeowoon
10,But you still have to move on
10,When Agumon evolved, I watched it 10 times.TAEIL, who was with me when I was young, became more empathetic to think about how old I am nowI just squeezed it
10,I really cried my eyes out. Let's cheer up, 90's.
10,
10,I got a message from my long crush that I am getting married today.And I found out today that this movie was released.It's kind of hard to break up twice a day.
10,It was a bummer that Shin Jin and it ended quickly, but the technology zone was cool. I thought you were looking at Dvall Super Kepira's super lethal move. What's Melon bingsu? It's sad. Tomorrow...
10,If it wasn't for my wife, I would have cried
10,Why are you two the only ones who broke up? There is a difference that everyone else has a clear dream and goal, but the main character...
10,I left a review for the first time, and I cried with the thought that it was an animation made for this movie because it overlaps with the memories I saw when I was young ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,But if this is the last movie in the adventure series, shouldn't the 2nd Thames be in the main episode of Digimon Thames Drama CD? (Because it was reunited with its partner Digimon who broke up with Shakai System, and the appearance of Melisbot, the 2nd Anihuahua Rice Ball)
10,
10,I only watched Digimon when I was in elementary school, but I grew up and became an adult like TAEIL Let's be together forever Digimon
10,I'm thankful that I can feel that time again
10,
10,I cried my eyes out
10,I cried so much that I'm out of my mind. Watch it alone at home I cry while crying.
10,I cried my eyes out
10,
10,
10,The power that leads to infinite reunion after breakup with childhood innocence
10,My childhood with Digimon 20 years ago.There was a time when I always waited for Digimon to start when I went home after school and was busy talking about Digimon with my friends.I still like Digimon, and I sometimes look for it again because the remnants of the perfume from that time remain.However, the last theatrical version this time.It's the first time I've shed tears with an animation.In the play, the main character who became an adult had to break up with Digimon and broke up.Will the director still remain with us as a child with Digimon? Or will I forget Digimon and move on to my future? I think I asked the question.I felt like I was given a big homework as an adult, and I don't want to send Digimon even now when I'm writing a review.I watched it with excitement, but I never imagined I would have to leave like this.I want to go back to those days once again, and I miss the moment when I was happy with Digimon. Digimon was a big influence on me and an integral part of me. Thank you so much, I missed you, and I'll see you later.Digimon.
10,The last finale that you can't miss anything. Ending 20 years of history so sad, perfect and touching ㅠㅠ
10,When I was in elementary school, I used to play in the playground and sit in front of the TV. I bought Digimon fandom and raised my own Digimon with my friends. I thought I was making money like the main characters in this movie. But when I overlapped it with this movie, I was moved.I think the director who directed this theater version really made it for us who were with Digimon at that time.
10,A man cries four times in his life.
10,
10,I was so excited when I was 11 years old that I left my friends who were with me on TV
10,I broke up with my childhood, but I became an adultDigimon Adventure, which has grown together, is sad.
10,A work that brought back memories of my childhood after a long time ago
10,The main characters of my childhood, who watched Digimon Adventure on TV, and the main characters who became adults who watched the newly released Digimon Adventure in 2020 were endlessly touching.
10,TAEIL and Matthew will meet Agumon and Papimon again someday, right? And Sora has already said goodbye to Piomon.
10,
10,Thank you for being with me.
10,I'm 31 years old. It's really sad. It was a content that I could concentrate on while thinking of the past. I yawned while watching Tri... It's really well-made.
10,I thought you were selling your emotions to make money during the trial. I really cried while watching it. What happens after that?It's so sad if it ends like this
10,It's really different from the tripe. It makes my heart grand.
10,The people who paid for it won't regret it. The last time I cried As a man, I...
10,20 years of growth with the main characters...The best animated film that ends with the best knot will be remembered forever, and the chosen one who has grown up with the Digimon
10,Twenty years ago, I was ten years old, and now I am 30 years old, living a life of countless choices every day. Let's remember that we lived in those innocent days and remember that we were chosen.
10,Digimon, who was with me when I was young, I will keep it in my heart and move forward ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,The moment I had to let go, I realized that the cold-hearted days were not actually okay at all.  I forgot everything, so I thought I became an adult, but it's not okay. I miss you guys and I wish I could go back to that time.
10,It really feels like I was separated from my childhood.I cried my eyes out I can't be an adult. I'm not an adult yet.crying
10,
10,I was disappointed by the try and I got rid of it.While watching, I thought that it might be a childhood dream that partner Digimon forgets as they become adults, and every line Digimon says is so touching that it lingers for a long time. It was fun to remember those days.
10,
8,It would've been obvious if the children came out as the main characters, but is it because the adults came out?It feels like I'm breaking up with my young self...ㅠ
10,
10,I couldn't watch it even if I wanted to, but I like the preview.
10,Those born in the 90s, please wipe away your tears quietly... will not stop in tears
10,make me look back on my life as the years
10,
10,It felt like we wrapped up Digimon Adventure Thank you.
10,I was very disappointed during the try, but Kizuna was very moved, and it's sad and heartbreaking that Taichi Yamato broke up with his partner at the end This is the last time in 20 years. I hope the next one comes out please
10,
10,Digimon, a childhood memory, ended with this work as an adult Tomorrow, I don't know. I won't watch Tri
6,If you like the ending of the set-up conflict, it's better to just let it go in the parallel world like this way
8,I wish I had made this before, instead of making a try
10,It's clear ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Since then, I was not too sad to know that it was going to be like a Power Digimon ending, and I watched it with excitement because it reminded me of my childhood. It was my favorite animation that I could relate to a lot
10,What are you going to do tomorrow?The line was for Matthew or Taeil, but it was for us watching the movie. And it seemed to be a word that went forward with memories for us.
10,What should I say? I made it really well, but on the other hand, I kept thinking that it wasn't want it to end While watching the movie, I wanted to stay here and go back. I think I watched the movie while thinking that I wanted to go back When Taeil has to move forward, he sends a message to the movie, "What are you going to do tomorrow?" I think I have to move forward. When Agumon Papimon disappears, I think I have to leave it as a memory and move forward. I don't know what you wrote, but watch it Recommend.
10,I was able to feel the nostalgia of Digimon again after a long time and I think it ended neatly. Ost and direction was good
10,Really memories ㅠㅠ I hope the reboot that comes out this time is successful and Dimon becomes popular
10,It's not just a sobbing jjigae, it's just a tear, it's just a tear, it's gone.I grew up with a piece of art, and it feels like I'm breaking up with Digimon.I feel like I'm going to die of depression. Story writing. Satisfaction level 100%
10,It's really time to say goodbye.ㅠㅠT
10,As expected... This is how Digimon worksIt's touching and it stimulates nostalgia.It reminds me of Digimon when I was in elementary school. It's getting close to thirty, but you made it well.
10,I don't want to, but I have to.I'm already an adult too. He's an adult. Yeah, well...But why do I hate sending Digimon friends...Don't go, kids, I still need you guys
10,Thank you for saying that you are happy to see me as an adult. Thank you for saying that you are always with me.  As I became an adult, I must have missed those days so much. I must have been tired and exhausted.  I was so happy and sad the whole time I watched it. The chosen child was my childhood dream. I thought I forgot as I grew up, but I guess I didn't. Bye Agumon
10,The whistle is driving me crazy
10,I've never cried watching a movie, but I cried watching this  Those born in the 90s who like Digimon must watch. Even if you don't know the masterpiece, if you're in your 20s and 30s, you can relate to it I know the story of Power Digimon ending, but it's a shame that I paid 10,000 won for it  There was a story and it just went around
10,It was good to think that it was the last time that I saw Digimon, who was exposed to adventures in Ricky's childhood and grew up as an adult like Taeil, worried about life and future, and it left a lot of lingering feelings
10,Past a child with infinite potential, the last Digimon companion for 'adults' trapped in memories
10,That's how the Old Digimon Adventure ends. It was really impressive and touching.
10,
10,Perfectly, beautiful farewell. Becoming an adult should forget the memories one by one.I am also forgetting about Digimon when I was young when I first saw Digimon Adventure and on the threshold of becoming an adult.It was such a good memory, and it was warm. Moist eyes and tears recalled my memories.
10,Once again, it became a good memory. Thank you.
10,When I first saw Digimon Adventure, I was the same age as little Ricky. When I see kids, Matthew and Taeil of Kids are the same age.I really feel like I've become an adult. I think it's time for me to forget all my childhood memories and go out to society. Leaving Digimon feels like I'm leaving my childhood ㅜㅜ It's so sad, so touching, so real... I miss those days
10,I feel like I've left my childhood with you. crying
10,At the beginning, he took me to kindergarten 20 years ago, and at the end, I was forced to part ways with Digimon like Taeil and Matthew... ㅠ
10,It's a legend. Digimon episode. ㅠㅠ
10,Tears... Except for the fact that foreigners' pronunciation was annoying, I really enjoyed watching itㅠ
10,So far, there is no way that Gennai can prevent her from breaking up with her partner Digimon, but if you have unlimited possibilities after you become adults, this vague line came out And I'll definitely go find it at the end If you look at the main characters, you don't break up completely, but you think you'll meet them again. If it was 100,000 won instead of 10,000 won at Raftel, you would have paid for it and watched it
10,It reminds me of my old dog...I should've done better until the end.It's a sleepless night
10,After the ending credit went up, I kept reading the phrase "We're always together" written on the poster to soothe my depressed heart.
10,I think this is the first time I watched an animation movie in the middle of the night
10,I don't usually post on the Internet, but this is my first time to leave a review of a movie. Those born in the 90s who enjoyed Digimon when they were young should watch it. You'll never regret it. ㅠㅠT
10,There were a lot of scenes that reminded me of memories such as the theater whistle scene and harmonica that I saw when I was young, and it was very touching to tell the story of the experience of losing as an adult...
10,I really cried a lot while watching it ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It seems to have properly melted Digimon Adventure's nostalgia 20 years ago as of 2020. The relationship between being an adult and Digimon is complicated in many ways, but it turns out that it's an important theme through the Digimon series.
10,I was looking forward to the story of other friends, but I think Taichi and Yamato are the only ones who are focused. But I'm not sad that the story is filled with just two peopleI did this in six episodes, so please include other friends' stories!
10,I watched Digimon Adventure when I was in elementary school, and we greeted each other as adults like the main characters. As other reviews said, I met my childhood again and parted ways with my childhood. I think I'll understand better if I watch the first movie series in a row.It's a great movie version.
10,
10,A masterpiece is so sad though. : :..
10,I cried my eyes out for the first time after watching the movie I broke up with my childhood
10,
10,I enjoyed watching it. Evolution was a worldview connected to Tri...While watching the videos in the ending credit, I hope to see people who broke up with Digimon as adults, and I hope to see the main characters who meet Digimon again like the Power Digimon ending scene.
10,I didn't expect much from the trial, but I watched it as a fan. The story is so good and the production and composition are all great! I thought the reviews for the new evolutionary body were not good, but when I saw it, it was okay. With the main characters, I feel that I'm old and the ending is more touching! Anyway, it was good~~
10,I cried as I brought back my old perfume.
6,I didn't want to break up with Digimon. Why should an adult always humbly accept a breakup, but I want a happy ending
10,It was so touching. Thank you for allowing me to reminisce about the past for a while. I highly recommend movies.
10,It seems like it's the last one, but it's a new beginning
10,I almost cried in the bus...
10,There are a number of Digimon series, and by far no means less than Adventure
10,I think you did a great job decorating the real Digimon Adventure ㅠㅠㅠㅠIt was such a bummer, but it wasn't a bummer. ㅠㅠㅠㅠOverall, it has a good storyline
10,TAICHI, you're so short. I can't forget this line.
9,We've all grown up
10,It should have been 6 episodes of "Kids' Night" instead of "Kids' Night".
10,I still have tears and lingering feelings...I had a lot of thoughts after watching it.The ending lyrics are so sad.
10,The old BGM came out, so it was great that it came out even for a moment I don't care what Digimon comes out now It was so nice because it felt like I was watching it right after school.Thank you.
10,Agumon Evolution Graymon Graymon Evolution Metal Graymon
10,I didn't have any emotions during the trial, but I just watched it as serious and boring, but this movie version really made me cry. As an adult, who has been looking for Digimon's information for 20 years through this movie version, it seems that I am now moving to the world with a smile, thinking that I should not just stay in the past but live in reality... "Will you live in a happy memory or will you live with time stopped vs. accept a given meeting and parting and move forward?" was a big choice for me... The movie was definitely talking to the main characters, and it was like, "Dawn," "Night," "Night," or "Day," and it was like asking us, who were walking between minors and adults, which one would you choose? Not yet familiar with society, I wanted to stay in those days when I was just better than the unpredictable future. But the flow of time that can't be ignored will eventually drive us forward... Every single story, direction, and OST of the movie was so satisfying and comforting us at the crossroads of choice, but it gave me a very difficult problem for me, who is still inexperienced in breaking up...  I wrote down a cheesy article because the film remained so strong that it burned with emotion. If you are a generation with Digimon Adventure, I recommend you to watch it. Of course. (feat. MENOAHYEON, you said you are a foreigner, but your English pronunciation is really bad. Everything else covered it
10,The story was fun and I was so touching ㅠㅠ New evolution and farewell...I cried watching it ㅠㅠ
10,It's a good choice to throw away the bait you put on the trial! As a Digimon fan, I enjoyed it! However, I hope the other chosen Digimon will play a big role as well... It was a pity that Taeil was mainly Matthew, and why Seok, who is older than these two, has a partner Digimon in good condition, seems to be a setup mistake.
10,Is it really the last time? ㅜㅜ I'm more and more curious about the Power Digimon last ball and the story after thatㅜㅜ
10,I'm a huge fan of Digimon and I'm so sad ㅜㅜ
8,Ah... I made this well...I don't know... the probability of Digimon Adventure 02...
10,
10,Without a doubt, 10 points
10,
10,
10,What? Hurry up and make a follow-up with Kids.
10,It was so touching. It was the best ㅠㅠ It's still fun. The directing is great, and I've been enjoying watching it. bb
9,I highly recommend it to those who enjoyed the Digimon Adventure series!
10,If it was instructive, it would be very sad
10,It was well-made and touching.
10,The movie version that I watched with tears in my eyes thinking about my partner who once existed.
10,
10,
