해바라기
1,It's not fun.
2,Unrealism, the culmination of Korea's unique ridiculous tragedy
1,It would have worked in 2006, but it wouldn't have been a box office hit if it had been released recently. It was a bit frustrating and boring
1,It's so childishThe acting is not good and the story is not good enough. The conflict is simple
6,A series of hard-to-get-immersive developments...She pretends to be dry, but she ends up with Shin Pajo
1,I think my hands and feet are going to disappear while watching Heo Yi Jae's acting. The other supporting actors also have only one bad acting. He's so stubborn. Deokja is the biggest villain in this movie.
5,a succession of punches
6,The director's direction is too roughIt's a movie that Kim Rae-won did. Except for Kim Hae Sook, the supporting actors' acting is so awkward
6,The content of the movie is common because it is often seen in other movies, but the performance of the cast was not bad. And if you're going to put in the seminal content, it would have been nice to finish it well until the end, but there's a sense of regret in the end.
4,Isn't the rating too high? It's an obvious gangster movie with no content.
5,
2,Cute and novel-like childish lines, forced setting and directing.This is in the 9-point range?There are particularly many works with bubbles in their reviews of what happened in the 2000s
6,A movie that broke down because of a man named Mom
6,Considering that it was a 2006 movie, it was pretty good. However, there is nothing special about the material and the obvious development, which is regrettable in empathy.Kim Rae-won's acting is good, but Kim Hae-sook's acting is worth taking the time to watch.
1,I don't understand why the ratings are so highAll I could see was a plot for the gods, throwing away the probability and realityKim Rae-won and some other actors' acting was good, but I think the movie was overrun overall
6,It's a personal feeling, but your acting tone is so annoying
6,I would have thought it was a movie in '86, if I hadn't watched it, but I was surprised by the time and background of the movie. Kim Rae Won is good at acting. On the other hand, the acting of the heroine was embarrassing. After watching it all, I thought it was a movie made by a less evolved man, and a less evolved man would go crazy. I hate Korean Shinpa.
3,childish mob beautification Did you have to pretend to be so poor!
5,Compared to the depth of the material, "Taking a Son Who Hurt His Son as a Son," the emotional line of the director is very shallow. Some supporting actors' poor acting also ruins their immersion. A cheap emotional drama that 8th graders will like.
4,It's just a movie that Koreans like regardless of quality. In fact, the movie is maintaining its popularity for a long time because of its memed character, and when you just watch the movie itself, the infinite repetitive characteristics of Korean movies have reached its peak. Gang action, Shinpa, and the only comedy that's missingSoga National Code
2,It's too cringe-worthy to look at now.
1,재미는 있지만 점수를 낮게 책정한 것은 이 영화는 너무 현실성이 떨어져서 억지 감성으로 느껴진다 1. 경찰이 너무 말도 안되게 무기력하게 나옴 공권력은 뭐하냐 2. 내가 조판수 였으면 돈으로 협상을 먼저 했을텐데 대뜸 깡패를 보내는게 말이 안됨 합법적으로 장사를 하는 업장에 시의원이 깡패를 보낸다??  3. 아무리 먼치킨 주인공이라고 해도 수련과정이라던가 어떤 계기로 기연을 얻어서 초인적인 능력을 얻었다던가 이런 것도 없고 대뜸 킹왕짱 으로 너무 쌤 여러 사소한 디테일이 너무 신경 쓰여서 영화에 집중이 안됐다 이 영화가 역대급 영화로 기억되는건 출연자들이 연기력으로 커버 한 것 같다 점수가 너무 높아서 조절용으로 낮은 점수를 줌 이에 대비되는 아저씨는 글록 19 장탄수까지 고려하고 방탄유리가 몇방 맞아야 깨지는지까지 계산된 미친 현실고증 영화인데 너무 비교가 됨
1,My academy teacher's acting is not good
6,a movie full of amazing side dishes
2,It's New Year's movie.I just felt bad
1,ㄴI watched it because I followed his lines so many times, but honestly, it's not fun
2,If I heard all the characters in the movie like OOOO, I would not have fallen into tragedy if I had an average IQ
3,I was really looking forward to it because they said it was a masterpiece.Why is the rating so high?  No matter how old the movie is, the character concept and content are too sloppy, and I can only define it as a gangster + a new wave movie. The gap of four years is too big to compare with the man. Compared to So Ji-seop's office worker, movie company employee is more likely in terms of story and action completion is higher. It is disappointing that such actors can only make movies like this. I don't know why you're pretending to be a fool when you've mastered calculus in prison. I'd rather go with Ganji's concept like an old man.
4,The rating was too high, so I looked at it and it was the second Clementine. I was tricked
2,The last action scene is really?Sigh! It's so childish that my hands and feet are cringing!
6,It's too long to prepare for the last 10 minutes. Just watching YouTube extract is enough
2,Is this a movie? It's a waste of money to watch it for free
1,It's obvious that it's not good, and it's boring
2,Even when I was in the real bubble movie, I didn't like the obvious story of awkward directing and bad acting, but now it's even worse.It's not as much as the gift in Cell No.7, but a big bubble movie
2,I don't choose based on my score.Well
2,Even if I look at the work objectively, the lines are cringe-worthy
2,Did you feel better if you made a typo like that?
4,The movie had a high rating, so I looked forward to it, but I was more disappointed. He insisted on putting a lot of new waves into the drama. I don't think I'll ever re-appreciate it again. Still, Kim Hae-sook and Kim Rae-won's performances were excellent.
5,Kim Rae-won shows a surprising level of acting while looking familiar. There are unexpectedly many moving moments, but in the end, it is not very impressive in that it is a typical gangster movie.
6,I'm watching it because it's a masterpiece. I really can't stand acting of my younger sister, Hee Jae.
1,1.3 million. I don't understand. I can't help but get emotional and hit 100 sweet potatoes. It's so hard to see
6,I can't hold it anymore because of Hee Jae's acting, so I changed the channel.--ㅡㅡ
6,A movie I looked up because of memes.
6,Did you have to take everything like that to make you feel better?
1,I watched it because I heard it was fun. What is this??? have no probabilityLOL I laid a long, unrelated excuse to show you how to be dog after drinking. Except for Kim Rae-won, the other supporting actors are acting poorly. What's a masterpiece?
1,I saw it because it was a masterpiece. What is it? There's no probability of the story at all; you're just leaving the store, but why did you go and say hello? It doesn't make sense to let go of your hand. There's no reason to kill you. What's the point of making enemies if you know he's a five-time killer? Diary? Are you kidding me? Kill someone for that? I think he put all kinds of misfortunes in front of him to make the last action scene look dramatic, but the action scene is so frustrating and insincere. Hesitating in the back... It's a really bad movie. I would have eaten it up if it came out these days.
4,There's a reason why a B-rated movie didn't make a big hit That's too bad. It's going well and it's going crazy at the end.
5,A drama about the 70's sensibility.70s
6,It's just a typical action movie. It's an obvious story, but the kids who say it's fun are funnier
3,I turned it off after 55 minutes. Kim Rae-won's silly acting is so awkward. It's like a touching movie, but I don't like Shinpa movies. The part where the president of the car center said well-being at the end of each word was interesting.
6,Those who call this a masterpiece are really stupid. How childish and low-level is this a masterpiece? Pathetic
6,I don't like the sad ending ㅜㅜ-
1,I give a point to those who are criticizing because they's pathetic
1,Are you serious? Is this funny? The story may be obvious, but it's too obvious. Some of the actors were acting poorly. Kim Rae-won is not normal except when we fight, and why he's a bummer... The fighting scene isn't cool.
1,This kind of movie is a masterpiece? Story, acting. So cringe-worthy
1,It's not like this stupid movie has a rating of 9 or more.
3,Honestly, there's nothing but Kim Rae-won.There's nothing to watch after watching one great scene
6,Oh Tae-sik, the character who overcomes all the awkwardness and weirdness.
6,Oh Tae-sik is back
4,It's pretty good, but Heejoo was like, "Who the hell is he?" It's amazing.  It's the only movie I play alone.
1,I saw it because it was a masterpiece
6,I watched it late because the rating was high, but it's not good. The incredible awkward acting of some actors, the last action scene that suddenly takes place without too much realism. It's a movie that I was really disappointed with.
1,Unlikable supporting actors. No fun character, Kim Raewon. I don't like all of them
5,More like a lady than an old man. It's not an action movie. It's a drama
5,1) A movie that makes you go crazy because of Kim Rae-won's acting. 3) A movie that makes you want to meet a good scenario and pray for his eyes again
1,There is a reason why Hannam is a movie of Hannam
5,Kim Rae-won, Kim Hae-sook, Kim Byung-ok, and others are good at acting. Especially, the person who said that he wanted to be recognized by the older brothers is acting in a drama film department, so there is no work since 2008...
1,I think a B-rated movie with 6 points is about 9 points? Is it the level of Korean movie audience or the power of Naver middle and high school students?
6,You're glorifying a bully.This kind of third-rate rascal is the most disgusting of the rehabilitation story
4,It wasn't funny... a tear-jerker
5,It's a forced story. Sweet potato keeps going down. Then, I drink Sprite at the end. That's it
4,Well, I don't like it.
5,A movie that I watched five famous scenes on YouTube. I didn't see this far to see this. I wanted to.
6,It's so contrived and obvious... In addition, the chronic juice of Korean movies is compulsory!  The reason why the ratings of journalists and netizens run through the play is that they are in line with the tastes of modern people who like MSG.
1,I saw it because it was famous for its famous lines. It's kind of tacky and... I couldn't get into it well because of the actors acting poorly, including Hee-joo. C-rated Korean films that are tacky and dirty
5,It's... childish, but it's quite immersive. There are too many settings and the acting is artificial
1,Are you out of your mind to give 10 stars to a movie like this?Other than Kim Rae-won and Kim Hae-sook, it's an acting OO, and it's a movie that doesn't have a probability. Why is it a masterpiece? If it's a masterpiece, Titanic Gravity is a super masterpiece?
6,This is Kim Rae Won's one top. The rest... My sister's acting is disgusting I can't deny that it's a masterpiece for a Korean movie, but if I did well in casting, I would have been one of the best movies. I'm sorry to hear that.
6,Why are you killing me when I said I'm leaving? I'm so angry
4,It's not that
6,Kim Hae-sook got 500 points, but...
1,Why is the rating so high?
1,it's so... so boring.
6,Just an ordinary Korean movie full of emotions
1,The story is obvious, not funny, not touching... My friend recommended it to me, so I downloaded it and fell asleep while watching it. I'm going to kill your friend who recommended this kind of trash movie!
4,Childish action scene...It's a waste of time.
2,I'm going to kill him again and again, so I think I have to interpret the story that once a criminal is not rehabilitated
5,For killing time~ I think the probability is too low, the character change after Kim Hae-sook's death and Oh Tae-sik's release from prison is far from the content of the patient movie. Kim Rae-won and Kim Hae-sook's acting barely saved the movie
1,No story, no probability
1,Is there only gangster material in Korean movies? I'm sick of it.
1,Forced setup. Forced tears. The worst OST.
5,Scenario written by Kim Sungmo
6,To be honest, it is a masterpiece, but I don't know, and there is an overrated part.
1,I'm disappointed...
4,I personally watched this kind of revenge drama because it was so obvious because it was an old movie, but it was a little boring and a waste of time.
4,A movie with a lot of problems with the director's directing and script.
2,Who's seen this boring movie three times?
6,The rating is too high. The cheesy and childish line is almost like a movie that was popular among elementary school students. If you watch the last 30 minutes of the movie, you can say you watched it. It's obvious. Kim Rae-won's acting is good, so I gave you 6 points
1,Why didn't you call him CEO Oh Tae-sik?
1,I don't really... Only Kim Rae Won is cool
5,It's not a noir, it's a comedy. I laughed my head off at the lines It's me. It's OO
2,Why is this funny? I'm sure it's the first time I've seen a movie, but there are a lot of boring and forced situations that I've seen 10 times.What kind of cop just goes around eating, explains the situation, and thugs are like local bullies.It's not likely, it's weak in action, it's a mess in the story.
1,Kim Rae-won's character is good, but there are too many problems. The awkward, cringe-worthy performance of 2017, the sloppy fighting shoes, the gangsters who couldn't smell the oil until the oil covered Oracle...I was looking forward to it, but 140 letters is not enough to list them all.
1,Have you never seen a movie called a masterpiece? What's good about it? If you just fight and drag on, are they all fun and masterpieces? There was nothing to focus on, so I picked it as the worst
1,It's not fun. You, Lya, Noo, Noo, Noo, So-so
1,?   Is this fun? Seriously?   It wasn't even touching.  It's boring and unrealistic
6,I looked at it because the rating was good. It's not a very good movie. The Climax duel scene isn't that tense either. It's just a story of a man's dream, so it seems like his rating went up.
1,The Ozzy Bubble Cheesy Third-Rate Gangster Movie
5,It's so frustrating. Just sell that restaurant Everyone around Taesik's daughter gets hurt after being threatened all the time. Is that more important than keeping the restaurant seat? That's how I know I'm going to have a sad ending, but it's too forced. A typical early-to-mid 2000s tear-jerking Korean movie
2,It feels like I'm reading a third-rate novel on INNERNET
2,The setting of the situation in the work was so unrealistic that it was difficult to immerse myself and it was obvious.  The only thing worth seeing is that it was good to see Kim Rae-won acting and the change from rehabilitation, and it would have been better to have a human story of a criminal rehabilitating rather than a common gangster movie.Did you have to do this?
5,It's cringe-worthy.
6,Although I respect that movie is a masterpiece of personal Chani's life, it is also a movie where many people were deceived by the actor's acting skills, last-minute mythical scenes, and catharsis.The plot and the element is that 60 to 70 generations of movies are too overrated...Objectively speaking, it's a movie that I can't lose more than 6 points
1,Is this kind of forced emotion really fun? I couldn't stand it because it was cringy all the time I watched it. Is this the level of our country? Is this the best movie in Korea?
4,In the revenge scene, I drank soju without any preparation and rushed to my fist, so I couldn't concentrate on it because it was unrealistic to do everything. I was disappointed that the past or prison story of the bully was too dramatic
1,I can't relate to it at all. Zero reality
4,The rating is too high. The director ignores reality and probability and directs a situation that can only happen in the movie, so it is very awkward and excessive.
5,The expert rating is correct. In particular, the scene of the last fight, "This is an opportunity, babbling," is even childish. The fight scene with the main character correction, which is not as well-equipped as the old boy, is not the pride of this movie. Rather, the story part before it is valuable.
1,I'm so upset. I'm going to sell the restaurant and end it's old class
1,Taesik is so invincible. Even if he gets hit, he won't. I worked out a little, but that's too much
5,Story 5 points, Kim Raewon 5 points, Heo Ejae -5 points, so 5 points
6,There are too many clichés, too natural and contrived. However, the power to touch the emotions and Kim Rae-won's charm cannot be ignored.
1,That's not so(Singing "S
6,The movie is a mess, but Oh Tae-sik is alive
5,It's kind of frustrating...You should've moved quickly
1,In the end, the content is that the ex-convict can't give him his own way and revenge him with violence and murder.
1,This movie is a masterpiece? It is a movie with a sloppy plot and nothing went well, but in the last burning business, slow motion Kim Rae-won was really tacky and childish  Perhaps this movie is a point of separation because of the political message of the incompetent person in public power, not the movie evaluation
5,He's a hot-blooded man.
1,The rating is 9.2... Crowd mentality is this scary Everyone, I mean, the piggies
1,What the hell are the cops doing when they're doing that? And the sunflower lady was threatened because it was weird to keep the restaurant tight for no reason.
1,If this movie came out in 2017, I'll get 5 points
1,Why is this rating 9.2? Let's not make a dog pig monster.
1,It's too obvious, so I think 1 point is perfect
1,What's the point of killing you when you're leaving? And why didn't you let your upper head scare you? It's not immortal to beat all of them alone, but the one with the sword runs away. The plot itself is sloppy... I can't believe NAVER's calmness
1,Score 9.21 lol I hope NAVER's rating disappears
1,Poor composition with low-quality new wave and poor acting
1,You said it's a movie for elementary, middle, and high school students. Please exclude it I thought I was going to die of childishness It's unlikely. Except for Kim Rae-won, he's not good at acting. It's like a movie where middle school students are good I want to give you 5 points, but the rating is too high, so 1 point. I have a question. Do I have to twist my body to live a good life?
5,The main character dies and the sad ending is sick and tired of it Now it is delayed OO One of the stereotypes of Korean movies The main character dies and I am sick and tired of the tragic ending
6,Please stop the forced new drama
6,Kim Rae-won and Kim Hae-sook's acting is excellent, but the rest of the supporting roles and scenarios are like college students.  Personally, I can't believe I got 9 points. LOL
5,Did you have to give me so many ratings?
1,The balance is so bad.  It's not some legendary cartoon character.  stimulating the sentiments of the 8th grade syndrome I guess the score is high
1,How can this OO movie score be more than 9 points? I watched it in the middle because it was childish.You'll drool if you watch a Hollywood gangster movie with a dot-level alpacino
1,It's a movie for teenagers to watch 1. It's unlikely / Why Park Shin-hye? Why are you helping me? Oh Tae Sik forgives everything 2. Childish. / When he drinks, he transforms into a fighter. Repeating Childish Jokes and Plots for Jokes Exists--3. Watching Heo Yi-jae's Acting Annoying Korean Movies in the 90s
1,Except for Kim Rae-won's acting skills, what does it have to do with the story of the mangjak and the title of the sunflower?
5,I looked forward to it, but it's very childish. It's obvious that it's been a few years, and the action is not good.
4,It looks like a bubble movie.
1,I was tricked by the rating.It's a movie that kids with 8th grade syndrome would like. It's cringe-worthy, childish, and ridiculous storytelling, and I'm forced to cry...Most of all, I don't understand why you're killing me when you say you're going to give up on the restaurant, but Kim Rae-won's acting was really good
1,If you don't want to go crazy after giving 10 points, leaveIt's cringe-worthy
1,It's just classic... ^^ It's cringe-worthy, corny, and genuinely annoying.
1,Whether it's a music video or a movie, 10 letters
1,a 1950s film made in 2006
3,Examples of misdirected productions that rely solely on exaggerated narratives
1,A movie is not a masterpiece just because it's fun  Let's raise the level of netizens. 6 points is appropriate for this movie
1,It is said that Korean movies are sick #newil movies to the point where Shim Hyung-rae was criticized, but the development of character relationships and conflict structures is both simple and corny.What's the funny thing about dragging out a released thug and saving his life and killing him because he's mad because he's not gonna let them go?
1,What part of it is a masterpiece? The main character is just being beaten. At the last moment, he loses everything and ends. It's like watching a movie to watch the last 10 minutes? It's a waste of even one point for this kind of graduation
5,A contrived setting dulls even the emotions
1,The storyline is crazy and it's like a Korean movie
1,Hey, OOOO, are you Clementine or are you fooling people with your GPA?
1,a play-by-play development I was in a hurry. I was in a hurry Breathing is also a problem. The probability is weak, so it's hard to sympathize with
2,Good. As expected, funny party
2,Kim Rae-won's acting is a shame. The story is even more disappointing.
6,Learning skills are the most important.
6,Family + Noir + Sinpa pushing to tear up
3,The actors' acting is so awkward. I thought it might be because it was an old movie, but compared to the old boy released four years ago, it must not be the case. It was uncomfortable to watch.
1,It would be a waste of money and time for people who watched the worst movie at the movie theater
6,You're a gangster, a fashionista, a trend!
5,Well, it's so unrealistic, but it's not... How many people are you killing?
4,I can't concentrate on the movie all the time because of Heo Yi-jae's clumsy acting like a TV commercial in the 1970s. The last duel scene is too unrealistic to look at.
6,It's cool to hold your fist until the end.
6,Likeable order Latest net score High net score Low net score
1,You don't need to say much? Do you agree that it's a masterpiece?
1,I really don't understand why this movie is receiving such good reviews. It's not enough to move on to Kim Rae-won and Kim Hae-sook's acting
1,Ruined. A typical Korean-style gangster movie. I recommend those who don't know English to watch this many times
1,This is Kim Rae Won's Terminator.
1,The last-minute fight scene, too. No answer
1,No, you can just sell the restaurant and move. You're being stubborn for no reason; I don't understand. And even if you leave, what is killing? A typical Korean-style forced new-wave gangster movie
1,Honestly, it's not a nine-point movie
1,Poop movie. What if we make a new drama in Noir? There is no need to listen to the opinions of the Gatissens. A lesson that tells you that a ruined movie is over as it is.
1,It's flat, but it's not a rating
6,It's a movie with childish directing and a new wave, but the last fight scene is really good
1,The story is like OO. It's a sudden development and a third-rate movie
3,It's a third-rate movie that imitates Kalito. It's so touching. It's a scene where you can't act well.What do you call this a masterpiece? I think they're the brainless ones who do water sports because others say it's fun.I want to give 1 point, but I gave 1 point to Kim Rae Won and Park Sung Woong's acting skills
1,Kim Rae-won's acting was good, but the story setting that was so far from reality lowered the quality of the movie, and it became a catastrophe, and I thought that Kim Rae-won would become Superman and destroy it, but I don't know where everyone was touched
1,I really don't understand why this movie has such a high rating. I was so frustrated and bored watching the movie that I was going to die of. And the last fighting scene. I just laugh and give 10 points to people who say it's a masterpiece
1,What kind of movie is this rated so high?
1,My goal is to cut the average. I'm just an attention seeker
1,This is fun? Oh, my
1,It's fun, but 9 points is too much
4,It's less likely... Out of the blue... Like a third-rate cartoon
1,Lack of probability, forced setting, Kim Rae-won is not being nice, but being a fool, ridiculous good and bad phrases, supporting actors' poor acting, and unrealistic action scenes. I hope you don't get fooled by the rating. a movie for middle school seniors
6,Just know that women don't like men who pretend to be strong. I hate it when it's not realistic.If only Kim Rae-won's acting was outstanding...
3,It's like a Korean movie. Acting is good.
6,a neo-fascist gangster It's possible in Korea
6,I looked forward to it a lot, but I'm a little disappointed. The re-enactment was creepy, and the setting was ridiculous. I think Kim Rae-won's acting has somewhat ended, but I think there's nothing we can do about the poor storylol
6,It's a story that seems like you've made an excuse to explode your anger. Did you have to go this far?
1,While I was watching the movie, what was it? What are you trying to say? What movie is it? It's fun to get 9 points for netizens, but this is really a low grade. There's nothing about it! I'd say I'm on the same level as Clementine. It's not like I lost 2 hours. It's just a video.
6,I guess people like this kind of course.
1,I'm depressed... I didn't watch it until now because I thought you'd be like this. That's why I don't want to watch Korean movies.
1,It's a waste of a point
1,Don't pay for a third-rate movie. It's a waste of money
1,If you give me 10 points, please reflect on yourself.
1,It's pretty fun, but the rating is too high. It's not enough to be a masterpiece. Do people who give 10 points call this a masterpiece without watching other masterpiece movies yet?
1,Fooled by the rating... -_-; I was looking forward to your action. I could've seen the last half hour. It's just a drama until the last half hour.
5,The director made a light box office hit hero movie, which is strangely popular with many people. I think the director will also tilt
1,Let's lower the rating. It's too high for a movie for entertainment.
1,I really can't watch the action scene. There's a scene where 20 people fight with one bare-handed Kim Rae-won, and they don't fight all at once in a wide place. They fight one on one. They just fight one at a time and the bad guys fall down to one Kim Rae-won
1,a third-rate movie with nothing in it
6,In many ways, far-fetched settings stand out. Kim Rae-won is the culprit who killed Kim Hae-sook's son, but there is no convincing description or reason to make him his stepson.
1,The movie is a movie that children watch in a dream of middle and high school, where inflation is the level of Clementine.
1,Let's get the rating right.
2,There's no police force in the village of idiots. It's not realistic. I just said let's have a quick look, but I can't speak because I'm really dumbfounded by the evidence of earrings, the crazy talk to myself, and the 17:1 fight. It's almost like trash. What are the kids who are moved by this?
4,Japanese Academy Violent Comics, Hong Kong Noir Mool's childish settings, and the feeling of being squeezed out. Most of all, the last battle villains have any intelligence? The main character stumbles, and if several people surround him and stab him with a sashimi, that's it. Why do you fight with 1v1 fists and only get the boss in the middle?
1,It's a bit silly. It's a bit cliche. It's a bit of a cliché.I'm trying to impress Kim Rae-won and Kim Hye-sook with their acting, but the content is too hell, so I can't handle it. Heo Yi-jae's bad acting from start to finish is creepy. It's a movie that middle school students with bluffing will like
1,What I couldn't understand the most while watching the movie is that a former bully becomes nice and even a fool becomes foolish? And I want to stop seeing all the childish gangsters as well as the two masters Last but not least, the story has 7 points
1,I want to give you 7 points, but I thought the score was too high, so 1 point
1,It's a movie full of looks that teenagers with 8th grade syndrome would like.
1,A city councilor who suddenly becomes cool after running away trembling with his mother and Kim Rae-won's relationship. The ridiculous setting of a bully stalker. Park Sung Woong's absurd gag concept. Above all, what's the correlation between a dog sky and being twisted and foolish?
2,The re-acting was a bit awkward, less realistic, and childish, but the rating was a bit too much
1,Rating... Other than the last scene...
1,It doesn't make sense;; I think they're middle and high school students. It's crazy that such a childish movie got 9 points.
5,I like the atmosphere, but the action is so unrealistic
4,What if she went crazy while playing the game?
4,It would have been nice if the movie was well-being.Childish Pppongjjak
6,Kim Rae-won, the immortal of fighting 50:1.But the reality is the public interest.lol
2,It's a movie for middle and high school students. The movie shows the typical Korean films of the third class, such as the story development being predictable in the first part, and the setting that fits in with it. Even if it's a mess, if the ending is made well, the audience and the movie will all be third-rate
1,Sigh... How can this be 9 points?
3,a low-level film How the hell did he get over 9 points?
1,I don't know how it was back then, but recently, I don't know
6,Kim Rae-won's acting is a luxury, but the story, setting, and composition are poor.Actress's bad acting, third-rate movie lines by gangsters, feeling out of touch with the reality of acting. Kim Rae-won's acting is a luxury, not a masterpiece
5,I saw it in a trite way. a typical Korean drama
5,I don't get drunk on old-fashioned emotional stimulants
2,I was going to give you the lowest score, but I gave you 2 points after seeing Kim Hae-sook. I would have cried if I watched it at the movie theater. It's a waste of time. And it's so awkward for Kim Rae-won to fill his bucket list. It's not easy to understand why you're doing it.
1,Where the hell should I give a horoscope? Clumsy action? An obvious scenario? Ah! The death of the mother who thought of Pairan? Like the Dragon Play of Yangban, I'm getting tired of playing like a civilian, and I'm getting sick of it, so I'm feeling the exhilaration of beating up villains at once? It's supposed to be 4-5 points, but the rating is uselessly high, so 1 point
1,It's just a gangster movie. If you don't want to waste your time, I recommend you not to watch it.
1,It's a very cheesy macho movie.
1,...sigh... //
1,I, Lee Dong-joon, Stephen Sigal, and Clementine, make a double wall...Legendary masterpiece...We're on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land.Will that famous Big Dipper, Dragon Ball, Kung Fu Boy be a match for the live-action edition of the U.S.?Number one per non-attendance, which must be seen at least 10 times before death
1,The only good thing about this movie is that the main characters Kim Rae-won and his mother and daughter's acting were not bad.
1,It's such a childish movie... It's weird for people who put the main characters in the movie and say it's a masterpiece
2,I was bored to death
1,The story is a waste of forced setting.
1,I'm sorry to the staff who worked so hard on this, My hands and feet were cringeworthy and the story was so crude that I had to turn it off.
1,Rating: Part-time job bubble... It's a scam
5,Apart from being too obvious, you're not investigating a person who was beaten to death? be unrealistic
5,Typical example of a movie that torments the main character to squeeze out tears. I'll give you two stars for Kim Rae-won and half for Kim Hae-sook. There's no such thing as Heo Jae.
5,Personally, my least favorite MC
6,As expected, the coach's ability will eventually show off. The worst production in the disappearance of Jung Seung-pil is being overshadowed by a great actor named Kim Rae-won in the sunflower. It's fun, but the old-fashioned atmosphere is... I can't stand Heo Jae's acting either.
6,Obvious developments, frustrating settings without the power of the police and the law - and the lack of probability resulting from that, at the end, powerful Tae-sik, forceful touching, lack of acting skills of minor actors, Min-seok, who does nothing.A movie that is not to be seen except for Kim Rae-won. It's a sample of Korean movies
4,It's kind of annoying to keep driving me to despair for the last Gao scene.
3,The story is quite empty and simple... I'm getting the impression that the connection of events is not natural.
6,Maybe because I was looking forward to it, it wasn't good Kim Rae-won's acting is good, but the female acting and the high schooler are so cheesy that they leave a strong impression at the end. When I say it out loud, the cringe-worthy action is so laggy What's with strangling... Just because you enjoyed it doesn't mean you're weird
5,The rating is fair
6,I can't get rid of the bland feeling.
3,I made a movie like OO. It is fun in the beginning, but as time goes by, I deal with 50 people alone at the end
4,The acting of Heo Yi-jae is so awkward;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
4,4.0 (10 character limit)
6,Is the story exceptional or is the action sophisticated?Emotions are obvious. Good and evil are at odds with each other.
3,A trite tragedy in which the obvious gangsters run wild. And in the end, it turns into a zombie.
1,a film that doesn't leave much memory
1,have an unusually high rating  It's not that serious
6,Well, I don't mean to belittle it, but can you call it a masterpiece?Critics' review scores seem appropriate.
5,I really enjoyed the movie itself.If you look at Kim Rae-won...I can't get into it.Tae-soo in the movie is not a washed-up gangster.He just acts like a fool.That's a bit disappointing...
5,The movie "Sweet Life" starring Lee Byung-hun (2005 film) is imitating the ending of "Sunflower" (2006 film) starring Kim Rae-won.That's not good ↓ Even if it's a promise down here, I'll give you 10 points like Hanyang's bamboo shoot. They're part-timers in the comments...lol
1,That's 9 points. - Lower the rating
6,an ordinary Korean gangster movie
1,The wild rage of a man who quietly saved his life. It's like an old school cartoon of boys. It's fun, but it's a little... to get a rating that goes beyond the New World, Old Boy, Tazza, Godfather, etc.
6,There are a lot of comments saying that it's a masterpiece, so I'm disappointed I admit that Kim Rae-won's acting is excellent a hundred times, but the movie itself seems too corny and forced.If you give me 10 points for this movie, I would like to know what is outstanding in terms of contentI'm not being sarcastic. There are a lot of reviews that it's a masterpiece, so I thought I missed the meaningful things in the movie
1,Wow, I can't believe such a forced movie is in the 9th grade. It is amazing that there are many people who like this kind of movie.
6,Characters who can't relate to the excessive setting are cringy noir
1,Is it weird for me to have such a high rating? It was cringe-worthy and far-fetched the whole time. Anyway, I got 1 point
1,It's really bad. It's like kids. Are they teenagers? That's the worst. It's a forced story. It's a forced story
3,I can't believe I'm suddenly the best again while pretending to be an idiot.It's like making a gutter story and putting only cool characters in it
1,I don't feel anything
5,It's an unrealistic, childish and obvious story, but I don't know why it has such a high rating. I don't think there's anything in particular
3,It's not a masterpiece
1,Not many gangsters are good at fighting Such unrealistic movies have a negative impact on teenagers
1,a rustic macho film
1,The last action scene is really trash... The consideration of the villains who kindly attacked one by one stood out
1,I couldn't stop crying while watching. Not only for the movie ticket, but I'm wasting my time...
4,I can't believe this is a 9-point movie.Look at Old Boy or sweet lifeFirst of all, I was uncomfortable watching Heo Jae's bad acting and Kim Won-rae's acting was not that great.The story is bottle-tasting and there is little to see
1,It's a mess. It's a complete nonsense. I can't believe this is the level of poop arson
6,After watching it 100 times, I memorized all the lines, and I figured out each scene, so it's not a 9-point movie.I want to. Park Eun-hye's setting and the editing part showed that there were two ending scenes. Why didn't you write an edited ending?It would have been a little more mournful.
6,There is definitely a code of emotion.However, it is regrettable that it is possible to predict the content by looking at the typical Korean movie or drama's outdated content development
1,Changing ratings. They really don't know how to watch movies ㅠㅠㅠcrying
1,He's in the public interest
1,Just for the fun of watching Heo Yi Jae
6,It's different for each person, but I don't really... It's a bit far-fetched and directed like a college graduation movie. I know what you want to talk about, but it's so obvious. It's like a Korean movie. It may be touching, but the quality of the work is not that great.
5,Honestly, 10 points is too much...I thought it was a movie from the 1990s. And Kim Rae-won almost hit all 20 of the terminator's calden kids with his right arm's crippled hands; it's not 10 points regardless of fiction or anything
1,Why is the movie with such a sloppy story and composition so high? I thought it was some elementary movie in the last fight scene. His rating is world famous, but he's the only one who'll be praised for his acting
6,It's worth watching, but the action is so bad
1,It's unnecessarily overrated. Korean movies for elementary and middle school high school students
5,It's a disappointment. It's more disappointing than I expected because it's more than 9 points
6,I think the director is the main character, anti. Three stars are for the actors who worked hard.
1,Humans don't watch movies. How can they get more than 9 points? Oh, my. Everything from acting to acting is awkward. / But the expert rating is correct
5,In the beginning, the childishness in the later than I expected.
1,It's just trash. It's not...
1,I don't know. I wonder if this is a movie.
4,clumsy action
4,I've seen it all, but...I don't like it ㅠㅠ..
6,I don't understand that a mother who loved her children sincerely committed suicide by leaving them alone, and when Kim Rae-won risked her life to fight, she wouldn't go to the fight, but I just don't understand.If only I could care a little more about the probability.
3,I personally don't like the story...Out of the blue.
6,A movie that only showed Kim Hye-sook
1,The only movie that disappointed me when I went to the movie theater. A third-rate movie. Can't you give me a zero point?
1,What kind of movie is this? -_-
1,I'm bored. I don't like action.
1,Let's lower the rating. To be honest, it is just right to raise one or two points from there. There's nothing to see except Kim Rae Won.yes.
3,The last fight is a great scene. I watched it this time, and it's crazy. - How can the kids around you go one by one?
1,I don't know where to be impressed, and there are so many unrealistic elements that I can't concentrate on, and it's the second Clementine
6,The story is really trash, but it's a representative movie that the actors saved. The content is at the level of real permanent and ddangchil. It's so cheesy that my hands and feet are cringe-worthy.
1,Let's stop watching movies like this
5,3 points for the script, 8 points for Kim Rae Won, and 5 points for the average
2,Other than Kim Raewon's acting, there's not much to it. It's hard to move, it's not likely, it's exaggerated
5,A bit too much setup and a lack of probability
4,That's weird. It's really boring. The story doesn't have much probability...It's not that exciting. It's not that touching. What's this rating?
1,Of course it's not a one-point game. Five points would be appropriate. However, the story is too obvious and plain from the perspective of the present, maybe because it is an old movie.You don't fight, you just endure it, and then you end up fighting.;;That's it.
4,a lack of probability
1,The movie is childish
1,This is not an old-fashioned movie.
1,outstanding in acting
1,Netizen's rating is too exaggerated, so I write my own rating for the first time.It's not a one-point score, but it gives one point to lower the average star rating, which is inflated like a bubble.A forced setting and a sudden final narration.It's like making the worst situation for no reason.
1,The rating is as high as the political orientation of the Korean people's political tendencies. In an obvious story, Kim Rae-won fights with 20 people with his bare fists.
5,At least five points were due to Kim Rae-won's performance.
5,It is a movie that lacks the script of the director except for the actor's acting, and most of all, the movie has a lot of forced parts
1,The actors are fine, but... This OOO movie has 9.2 points... It's not a good script either The production is so contrived... It doesn't have a meaning, and if I have to find it, it's about cliché family love. Why is it so cringe-worthy to talk about thugs?
5,I don't like gangster movies anyway
1,There's nothing else to watch but Kim Rae-won's acting
1,I feel uncomfortable. So annoying
6,Six points
6,Thank you. I'll adjust the score
4,It's a movie with an obvious story
6,It was so wiped that now it squeezes the dishcloth, which is not even wet, into it, again in the existing way. This is because the sublime that should be felt at a solemn moment has evaporated, and childishness or hitting is rolling around in my heart.
6,It's fun, but... Does it make sense to get 9 points? Clementine?
2,It's not fun
6,Sunflower, a movie that feels like an homage to an old man, a man's anger for someone he's not really a family member but who thinks he is (the last fight scene is really similar to that of an old man).
1,The movie, production, editing, and acting (Hui-jae) with a good rating of 5 are ridiculous.
1,Fooled by ratings...
1,Cruel, violent, and not funny
1,It's not even two masters. What is this?
6,It was touching, but I don't know why it felt like there was an homage
1,It's pretty old and quirky
1,Bad people... I hate...
5,Clementine's nightmare comes to mind
1,That's so childish. That's too much
3,It felt a bit empty, so it was a bit disappointed Especially, the ending scene of the sea of fire is a scene where they fight in a row.
1,Let's lower the rating. Honestly, only the acting is good, but the rest is eye attack.
1,7 points is good enough...Roommaewon is really good at acting.
1,6 points is perfect, but 1 point for average adjustment.
6,Everyone seems to be touched, but why am I not impressed... Am I the bad one ㅠㅠ
6,Why is the rating so high? ;;
6,an obvious third-rate movie wrapped in emotion
5,It's a forced story.
6,Heo Yijae, Kim Raewon, Kim Haesook... From marriage to childbirth...Where's Kim Raewon from then?
1,Why is the rating so high? It's completely cliche, no content, no emotion, but I don't understand
6,Touched and clichéed. But it's worth seeing.
6,Why is it so sloppy?
5,It's worth watching once
2,For those who like movies directed by Lee Changdong, it's a two-point movie.
6,I know Kim Rae-won did a good job, but he's not that great. He's old, childish, and boring
1,Kim Raewon. Just Kim Raewon. The only thing to see is Kim Rae Won. The rating is 9.2? Who are you making fun of?
5,I feel like the story is being cut off, so I wonder if he should overdo it that much. Acting is the best
1,It's not a 9-point movie.The problem is that the Korean audience is so emotional...
6,It was just...
1,No sunflowers. Why is the title so boring?
1,Look at the rating. It's going to come.I know what kind of people you're talking about.Touching? The extreme of force and exaggeration!
1,It was a movie that was not much different from any other third-rate gangster movie because of its obvious story. It's a waste of time.
1,Are you kidding? Is this movie 9 points? 1 point because of Kim Raewon's bad acting
6,Except for Kim Rae-won, there is no movie like this. flip the whole thing over to the last five minutes
5,Although it's a movie...It's like seeing the current state of Korea... It's annoying to hold it in
1,Mister, I think sunflowers are both good movies, but they are both so overrated
1,Drunken tickets? Is it elementary school students who get 9 points?
6,Kim Rae-won's acting really shone, and there was no element to stimulate the tear glands.
1,Dewar's Nightmare
1,Look at that mean thing. Why do you think I'm a dot? lol
5,It's hard to immerse myself in the movie while watching the movie that's in the middle of perfection, story, and acting
1,Sunflower (Korea/2006) = Unforgiven (US/1992) exquisite plagiarism!!!
4,I can't believe it's a movie made by a director who made the president of the Red Chamber. It's too low
5,Stop playing around, DC-Cogallers. I can smell the smell.
5,Action is a moving comedy with no sense of urgency.
6,It's not touching. It's a story that doesn't bring out empathy.
1,Oh, my God. Is this funny?
2,It's touching, but it's a story that breaks off and seems to be forced together.As if the director is lacking in ability.
1,Did I look forward to it too much? It's not as good as I thought. You cry well after watching a movie, but this is not impressive at all
6,It's a new page, but it's touching.
3,I saw it because you said it was similar to a sunflower, but I don't think this is it
5,It's a poor production.
1,Other than Kim Rae-won and Kim Hae-sook, other actors' acting was really cheesy
1,The story is obvious and boring. When Kim Rae-won fights at the end, the other gangsters stand still
6,The impressions of the story and the actors' acting are good, but there are so many forced parts.
6,Maternalism. There is a lot of separation from reality, but I only admit the immersion.
4,Loss of credibility and fun due to lack of probability and necessity
6,Finally, I'm a Terminator.
1,Definitely terminator when skin is removed
1,Are you kidding me? I don't think 9.18 makes sense.
1,I can't believe the rating is 9.18... A score of 0.918 is enough.
1,There is a bit of a forced. It's not half the size, but it's ridiculously high.
6,Police gangster behavior, everything I think is Petton
5,I think I came out too stupid. In the middle of it at first; it seemed meaningful but it didn't suit me.
1,It's because the last fight scene of the movie is so nice, but the story is a piece of trash
5,I just like the movie, but I feel depressed after watching it.
1,I was tricked...
1,There's no story behind it. It's so obvious. If you kill someone, it's so touching
5,What is it?
4,Kim Rae-won's acting was excellent, but the director couldn't handle the explosive nature.
1,I don't think there was anything else to watch except Kim Rae-won's acting.A sloppy storyline that doesn't fit the rule of law.Disappointed.
1,a 116-minute soap opera
1,No, this is...
6,I was focused, but I didn't really enjoy it;;
1,Why are there so many people praising Kim Rae-won? I guess he has a good background. Worship this kind of movie;
5,Honestly, the rating is too high
1,The worst 9 movies that middle school students will ever praise
1,Wow, the rating is amazing. It's just 6-7 points
5,What's this embarrassing rating?Haha
1,What's this rating? -- It was a third rate...
1,A movie that pushes everything to the extreme.
1,Honestly, it's not a movie with a rating of this much.
1,I couldn't concentrate on the movie because of Ho Yi Jae. I gave a big role to an actor who wasn't ready
3,Regardless of whether the movie is good or bad, whether it's sad or cruel, the setting goes too far
6,Aside from other things, excessive settings are annoying.
5,That's a great job. I can't believe I got 9 points.
4,Don't go overboard. Your overreaction is giving me goosebumps
4,I don't know. It's a modern new drama It's not that...
4,People in our country like this poor thing movie: It's the same as when we're at home
6,I have shown a mild reaction to the film.
6,It's a rating bubble.  7 points is enough
1,I think there's a lot of likes and dislikes.
5,It's just a typical... one of the many conventional and cliche Korean films
5,The movie was boring and Heo Yi-jae's acting in the Korean book was annoying all the time
1,An overrated work that does not harmonize the drama, action, and overall story
1,I think the rating is too high. I think 7.5 would be enough.
1,Honestly, the rating is too high. 8.2 g
1,How can this movie get a 9.2 rating?
1,Fun movie. But Jung Sung Jun failed to cast as an extra
1,Get a hold of yourself, really...It's so obvious that I'm forced to do it.What's wrong with you?
1,I know the story in 5 minutes. Third-rate drama, Korean audience level
6,Why is it so high?
6,Only the actors' acting is good!
5,What is this?
1,What's different from zombie movies -ㅅ- Godzilla
6,That's not good.
5,It's just... Isn't it something we always see?
6,Why is the rating so high?
1,Adjust the rating
1,The real scenario is a common gangster movie, but it's fun
1,I can't believe this punk movie is in the 9th grade. Everyone has different tastes
3,an unfamiliar, far-fetched, far-fetched gangster film that does not even requirement Why is the score so high?
6,a child of darkness
6,I think I've seen this movie somewhere
6,Ganji is good, but it has to make sense.
1,That's a good movie. Kim Raewon. Public service
1,a ridiculous rating
1,Korean movies have too high a rating. 7 points for trash is enough
2,Crazy childish, dorky movie. Did only elementary and middle school students give a rating? -_-
1,It's not fun. Don't raise the rating by solving part-time jobs
1,--not funny..
1,It's okay to bring the plot of the unforgivable, but the production is a squeeze
3,A gangster movie that netizens will like... Phew~ How can this be 9 points?
5,Kim Raewon is cool, but the movie story is the worst... I'm scared when I show you my tattoo
5,A movie that isn't worth renting a screen. This trend is enough for a drama.
4,Director Kang Seok-bum must feel a lot when he sees the Darden brothers' son, saying something's wrong.
6,It's too much of a rush... Still, another discovery of Kim Raewon
6,A cop who doesn't do sloppy stories and dirty gangster movies
6,It's just normal...
1,I've just managed to get by, but it's not in the 9s; other 9s movies will be disappointed
5,Wow, the rating is too high. There was something touching, but the characters were so stupid that I felt frustrated
1,To be honest, it's not in the 9th place. It's just a stupid movie
1,Is it because a plausible commercial movie has a higher rating than a masterpiece?
1,Don't be fooled by the rating.
6,There's nothing to watch except for Kim Raewon's acting I don't understand this rating.
1,One of the Korean movies that I personally hate... be taken for a rating...
4,It's a movie that's embarrassing, Shinpa, and shameless.Are you in the 70s now?
6,It's not very interesting.
1,I don't know what's touching
1,Honestly, it's about 8 points... The score seems to have gone up too high. One point
1,It's too high
6,Honestly, 6 points is good. Honestly.
6,Impression is not achieved by setting. However, Kim Rae-won's acting is good.
5,It's just for killing time, but the only thing worth seeing is Kim Rae Won acting
6,Oh, my God. A sunflower is in the 9th grade. Mr. Socrates is the worst
1,I don't understand why it's the best, but it's good to have time.
1,This movie made me cry. I'm so annoyed
1,This is too much. You have to balance it out
6,The rating is too high. It wasn't a bad movie, but it was obvious and far-fetched.
4,It was worth watching, but the rating is too high.
5,Ridiculous rating... it was far fetched and awkward the whole time.
1,It's so obvious that it's childish
1,It's a third-rate movie. Personally, I think it's better to be a movie.
6,I don't want to give a high score because the story is a bit sloppy
4,I give 4 points because of my acting skills. What is it? Really... Phew...
4,LOL A movie that only sticks to the emotions of ordinary people... Pairan and Zol are comparable
1,I don't know why this movie has 9 points. It's a bad movie like a drama game
1,an incomprehensible rating
1,1.common story 2.common character personality 3.common touching 4.common acting 5.common directing 6.common ending 7
6,A rather cliche new drama that didn't penetrate deeply into emotion.
1,It's crazy. It's really crazyJudging from the score, the Korean audience is well-informed
1,The rating is crazy
5,It's just a typical gangster movie
1,How is this possible?
6,Kim Hae-sook and Heo Yi-jae's acting was good. Kim Rae-won was too set up
6,I don't know why movies like this, which force tears out of obvious stories, have such high ratings.
5,The sunflower family's great acting is really impressive, so should I say the story and the combination? It's uncomfortable.
1,The rating is too high
6,Kim Raewon's acting...Director's directing skills...It's too much.It's a bit disappointing
1,1.common story 2.common character personality 3.common touching 4.common acting 5.common directing 6.common ending 7
1,The eraser in my head was sadder and more touching, but it was still touching
2,He pretended not to, but ended up with a lame gangster movie. Are you out of your mind? I can't believe this is 9 points.
6,I don't know if this movie is 9.15.
4,I really don't like this kind of story
5,The director's excessive enthusiasm for the completion of an excessive and unnecessary murder scene to maximize revenge
6,Why is the rating so high?If it wasn't for Kim Rae Won and Kim Hye Sook, you would get 1 point
1,There is no probability and there is a tendency to push it too far All that's worth seeing is Kim Raewon's acting skills
6,It smells cool, but it's boring.It's a bit far-fetched, a cult...Still, the hat's acting is at its peak.
1,Trash movie... Retro style in the 70s. It's so touching
5,What's the high score? It was fun watching this three times, but the rating is a bit too much
1,Only Kim Rae Won is cool
1,It's a trash movie that doesn't get anything right with the obvious story. I can't believe this is in the 9th grade.
1,The rating is about 4 points. But the netizens' rating is too high, so I'm going to give you 1 point.
2,Kim Raewon, please choose a good scenarioㅜㅜ The smoke can't shineㅜㅜ
6, average, ordinary, usual, normal, regular, general, common
5,I'm so sick of this kind of story.
1,I don't understand.;;;
1,It's a movie that's hard to understand. It's a movie that treats viewers like fools
4,Taesik's forced behavior for the final touch...I make a hero, but...I was frustrated throughout the movie
1,I watched it twice, and if Kim Raewon wasn't the main character, I wouldn't expect this kind of rating
5,The cops don't know what they're doing. I'm gonna take the gangsters, and I'm gonna pick on the wrong people.
4,How can this movie get 9 points? -_-;;;; There is no content...
1,This is really not it
6,To be honest, it's not as good as I expected
1,A movie that made me promise not to watch Korean movies in theaters again
6,I'm not that sad, and I'm not impressed by the fact that I beat 20 people alone in the ending scene.
5,Is it such a good movie? My friend and I watched it and felt dull and bad
3,Was it all about bringing together a man of revenge?
5,It's fresh, it's good, it's okay. I'm falling into a hole while doing it
5,Just a movie worth watching
1,Kim Raewon's acting is really good. It's a little sad for women. The content is not very;;;
6,The movie encourages me to cry, but I don't really
1,Is this nonsense funny?
5,What is it? It's a martial arts movie. It's 100 percent
5,It's so tacky. I'm getting goosebumps
5,In the beginning, it was better than &lt;Mr. Socrates&gt; Just the beginning!
1,The score is too high
5,What can I do with Shinpa in the year of double 8? 9 points? 5 points for Kim Raewon's acting
5,This movie is the first movie that makes me feel frustrated and annoyed.
4,a far-fetched production towards the end
5,The epitome of Korean movies, gangster...You're like a gangster in the movies.
1,It's an obvious story. It's a ridiculous story. Why is the rating so high?Absurd.
6,It's such an obvious story, an obvious ending...Kim Raewon is so invincible...
5,It is a frustrating movie after watching it, why am I so depressed after watching Korean movies these days?Oh my god
1,Funny, but Kim Rae-won's invincible setting was too much. How can you all...
5,Huh? I was just...
5,A really light film. The only thing that left an impression is blood.
6,An expected ending to a cliche story. Heo Jae's acting is the worst... Do I read Korean books?
6,It was fun, but in the last scene, I became Superman. It's a shame that it ended sadly
1,Oh man! It's a movie...It's a movie that made Kim Rae-won into a third-rate actor, and the writing...--+ㅡㅡ+
6,a predictable ending, a boring development, a forced inspiration
1,It's weird that the movie has a rating of over 9 points
3,If you watch the first 30 minutes, you can predict the ending and the story goes as expected
1,It's obvious... It's corny... Movies like, "Stop coming out."
6,Kim Rae-won grew up well.
5,It lacks freshness and originality. Watching Kim Rae-won, who is good at acting, is two and a half stars.
5,a half-movie
1,Sometimes you need to talk to critics.
5,To be honest, I didn't--
5,As expected, Korean people have unique tastes.What's a nine-point rating for such a cliche movie?
2,Story. It's too obvious and a leapfrogue
1,Kim Rae-won is dealing with so many gangsters alone. It reminds me of Hong Kong action's lie
1,It's a waste to give a point to a story that's so obvious
1,Why is this trash movie rated so high? I thought it was a different movie
6,To be honest, it's not just a movie masterpiece that kills and kills
1,Can you kill people so easily? --ㅡㅡ
1,It's a bit far-fetched and the story is boring
1,I started not to believe NAVER's rating after watching this
5,It's not realistic, but five good movies are enough
1,This is also a movie. A rubbish movie that is not completely realistic.
5,an old-fashionedness
3,I can't tell action movies apart.Why are they all cops or gangsters?It's not enough to say it's a drama
2,It's just a gangster movie. The last fight scene was funny
1,It's a gangster movie
1,Don't be fooled by the netizens' ratings. Look at the professional score. It's extremely illogical.
6,The actors' acting is good!
5,It's not touching at all.
1,Why is this 9 points...I'm not touched, I'm not funny, I'm speechless
5,A film made in moderation following the popularity formula of a gangster movie.
6,Why is this 9 points again?
1,This is really... Is this really worth 9 points? A movie like the memory of murder?
4,A depressing movie.
1,This movie... That movie... It's obvious that it's jjamppong.
4,At the end, it was so unrealistic and funny.
6,The actors are good, the acting is good, but the obvious story is the obvious gangster movie.
5,In the end, the main character and the movie that can't escape from the gangster
1,I'm not as funny as I thought.
1,A gangster movie that sends the cruelty that can't be in the family.Please refrain from it
1,It wasn't that good. Why is the score so high?
1,I was annoyed because I had my last duel at the theater...She's not some kind of filial piety
5,It's hard to act inside. Kim Rae Won's acting skills are 9 points. 1 point for trite scenarios such as gangsters and newbies
4,Family movie, gangster movie, which of the two?
6,Honestly, in terms of the content... It doesn't show the right side
1,A movie with a lot of coincidence. But is this a hero movie? This bottle of trash
1,It's really "cheap sensibility". Artificial emotions, not natural ones
3,좋아요.
6,I was just sad.
6,Which one is better, Taesik or Hyodor?
4,I wish the police hadn't come out
1,Netizen ratings and expert ratings are extreme. It's a movie for low-level netizens
6,The movie that made me watch the actor Kim Rae-won again
6,I made it unrealistic because I valued the lesson.
1,As expected of Korean movies! That's that! That's that!
5,The last one, Kim Rae-won, felt like a beast, not a human being. It was such a forced movie
5,Everything was good, but I was disappointed because of the forced setting
6,A movie with a typical story. It's worth watching without thinking, but the rating is questionable.
1,That's why Korean movies are so obvious. The experts are the experts!
6,The second half was really disappointing
5,Trash is trash.
6,Noir, who's been dragged around so much...
1,I dragged it too much...
6,The only movie I can watch is Kim Rae Won.The delivery process is totally wrong
6,It is a typical Korean movie. It's boring.
4,Does it end in violence?
1,It's a projection crew movie or a third-rate gangster movie. Please don't come out with a movie
5,It seems like the content is very weak for 15 years old.
1,It's fun, but nothing more. / I'm cutting it because I have a high GPA
1,LOL I'm generous
6,If you touch someone who's still, he'll bleed
5,Acting wasn't what I expected anyway, but why is the story always like this?
5,Did you work for the movie that finished showing at the theater? There's a DVD, too
2,10 points for Kim Raewon's acting, 1 point for directing, etc. What are you talking about?
2,The second half of the movie is important, but the second half is disappointing...
3,an unskilled gangster movie compared to a well-made gangster movie
1,Is this a movie that can get 9.02...If you're a middle school student, it's a movie that'sses
1,There's not a single expert rating wrong
6,The police really aren't. a sweet copy of life
1,It's enough to break the 9 point mark on Naver -_-
6,Probable but unrealistic? Possible but ridiculous disappointment except for acting
1,I was so touched by the squeezing story.I can only sigh.
1,A movie that was moved at the beginning and turned completely into a disappointment. At worst, one of the movie's
3,It's good until the beginning and the middle, but it gets weird in the end;;
2,Everything except acting is perfect for Korean people who like poor vicarious satisfaction
1,Poor story, worst movie, and acting
5,It's a good movie, but it's a cheap gangster movie.
1,The big plot is good but I want to give 6 points for a sloppy movie, but the score is so high that I give 1 point
2,This is a gangster movie. What's wrong with you guys?
6,Kim Raewon, not something cool... Just an obvious movie.
6,I don't like the ending.
5,It was okay in the beginning, but the quality of the emotion has decreased due to the extreme direction.
6,Yawning for 105 minutes and shining for 10 minutes...
3,The gloomy future of the movie industry... I just sighed when I saw the reactions.Elementary students
6,Honestly, I don't like... - You don't look like a gangster.Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
3,There's no twist and it's been boring.Honestly, I wasn't that touched
3,There's no twist and it's been boring.Honestly, I wasn't that touched
1,Honestly, it's not 9 points. You emphasized Kim Rae-won too much.
1,the essence of rating manipulation
1,The worst movie of my life
3,It's too high.
1,Wow! The love from Kim Raewon's fans is too much LOL
1,It was good, but there are a lot of part-timers who raise their ratings
1,Acting skills, annual output, and scenarios are not up to par
1,What's wrong with the ratings? Wow, a totally sloppy third-rate movie.
1,You still make this kind of movie these days... 1 point because of the ridiculously high rating.
4,There are only three actors to watch It's a movie that brings professional reviews
1,I've never felt so cheated
1,I've never seen a professional review so touching
5,You mix pizza with soybean paste soup with clumsy humor and good sense of directing.
6,The opening was good, but at the end, I was so immersed in it
1,The rating is ridiculous. I can't believe it. It was a waste of money
1,The rating of 9 is ridiculous.It's exactly 6.5.So I give you 1 point
1,I'm sure the expert rating is accurate
3,Organic well-being noir raised in a greenhouse. The piano is full of blood.
6,I'm not that touched.
5,It's just so-so;;;;;;;; except that Heo is cute... ㅜㅜㅜ
3,It's a bit over-reacting. It's a super revenge drama. It's a stimulating story. I've only seen big fans
1,the snout of a lion laid to rest in its motherhoodObvious neo-faith discomfort to join the bloodbath of anger.
6,I was a little disappointed with the neo-fascist storyline, but it was okay.
6,Kim Raewon's acting skills alone gave him 6 points.script and directing that was nothing new
5,5 points because of Kim Rae-won, who became an invincible
6,Kim Rae-won was a Superman.
6,It's not a very touching way, it's common and it's awkward to express it
4,There is nothing new.
4,It's so obvious, but I fell into Kim Rae-won's acting without realizing it.
5,If you look at the obvious story, it's 1 point, but Kim Rae-won's acting gives 5 points
1,What's wrong with the grade B movie?
5,an obvious new drama
1,What is trash?
6,Repentance. Did I have to finish this topic like this?
1,The last scene, all of it seems forced. Why is there another high rating...
5,As expected, the rating is unbelievable. Everyone feels differently.
4,It's more obvious than expected. Actress's acting is not good
5,I'm sick of stories that try to impress you like this
6,A good scenario...a bad production
6,I can't believe this is in the 9-point range. an emotional movie
3,What is this... I was cursed at for setting fire at the end...
1,Don't blame the experts, they've seen a lot more than you have
1,I give you 1 point because the actress is pretty in the gangster movie "Standard.
1,It's so forced. It's a trash movie that can't even give hope.Does despair produce despair?
5,The rating is too high.The last one was so far-fetched and childish Kim Rae Won's acting is good
6,The experts aren't wrong.Kim Rae-won's acting was worth watching.
5,You failed in both the scene and action scenes. So you only dig a Han well? Kim Raewon's acting skills are amazing
6,A movie that's good enough.Who is the martial arts director?You're so annoying!
6,Kim Rae-won's acting is worth watching. But it's a pity that it's a story that's out as a gangster
6,It's very conventional, but...I give you 6 points because of Heo Jae's lovely acting...
6,You're good at acting, but the frustration of the story...
3,Slow tempo noir. Climax ballman
5,A movie that NAVER elementary students would like
6,It's the truth that even if you've seen it many times, it works if it's sincere
5,Your acting skills are 100 points, scenario 1 point, and 5 points...What a waste of actors
1,It's not a happy ending, so I'll give you 1 point
