캐치 미 이프 유 캔
6,It was a bit boring, but the acting was good
6,Pity was felt in the heart of a young teenager (?) who wanted to return to a happy family through a fraud.
6,It's a glorified crime, but a man who's really been cleared up
5,It was a movie that made me think that I should live with the meaning of life at the center rather than money
1,It's a movie made with Frank Abbocknail's autobiography, and it turns out that it's all fiction, bluster. Frank Abbocknail is just a miscreant who went to and from his cell with a small amount of forged checks and car theft, and even though he went around impersonating a pilot, a doctor, a lawyer, etc., he never worked or passed any tests. He claimed to have worked with the FBI, and he did work as a security advisor to the bank, but he also entered because he was mean. It's not genius, it's just Ripley syndrome human waste, but it's based on a true story in this movie, so many people who still believe it happened are still fooled by Frank Abbocknale. en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Abagnale
1,It's a true story, so I'm surprised, but I was so bored all the time I watched it, it was great to cheat and forge, and it was great not to be caught, but the movie was boring
6,He's an actor and the story is fun. Time flies
6,The movie is fun, but DiCaprio is so good at acting
4,I dozed off while watching. Pretty boring for a crime thriller movie
1,Things that are possible in the past... It's still airing a lot
6,It's an interesting movie. As expected, men make a lot of money when they talk well and seduce women well.
1,Arms Kura, put the gold in concrete.
6,Leonardo DiCaprio expresses the main character attractively, but Tom Hanks is relatively disappointing. After all, it's the story of a criminal, but it's not as empathetic as I thought
6,A story that's possible because he's a handsome con artist
6,Spielberg's directing ability to cover even a slightly sloppy script.
6,Honestly, this movie didn't get this much rating...
5,A movie that will come out in 2003
4,It's not a great exhibition. The intro made me look forward to it. a head-to-head composition I was boring and boring.
2,Why is this... There's no one-letter word--ㅡㅡ
6,a combination of a good director, a good actor, and a good story
3,I want to drink beer and have a snack be three times the profit Am I the only one who thought about it?
1,Worst...distracted development and hopeless ending expectations were high and disappointed
6,I didn't meet my expectations, but it's a good movie for killing time
6,A movie that's out of focus
2,It's a movie with the message, "Even if you're caught guilty, if you have the ability, you can enjoy wealth and wealth while being rewarded with the ability."
1,Maybe I'm weird. I'm not funny
5,I don't know if it's because it's based on a true story, but it feels boring from the beginning
1,Yeah, I don't know if it's that funny.
5,Just a dirty movie. Feeling dirty after watching a movie. I shouldn't have.
1,I've been watching it 13 times and I'm a little sick of it
1,The composition of the acting is good, and the fact that it's a true story can add to the interest, but it's not as good as I thought. It's a personal preference, I don't want to see it twice, and I don't want to recommend it
1,It's ridiculously clumsy and boring. Don't be fooled by the ratings.
5,5.1 (10 character limit)
1,That's boring. You got a nine-point rating? Do middle and high school students feel good watching this kind of con man movie? It was a very boring two hours It's not worth the rating, but I give you 1 point because the nurse is cute
1,I don't know where to find the merits of this movie It feels like I lost 2 hours and 30 minutes. It's boring from start to finish. the worst movie ever
1,The worst crime movie ever
1,Let's put ourselves in the shoes of the scammers
5,Catch me if you can. You can't see me! You can't see me!
5,a bad movie Personally, I don't understand the rating.
3,What's with the rating? It's boring and boring
1,Please adjust the rating... Maybe it's because I didn't look at it properly, but I turned it off because it wasn't fun. Boring. I don't understand why it's funny
1,It's really not 9 points. 8 points is just right
6,It's just like a human documentary, but I compliment you so much. Don't go overboard. It's about 7 points, but on purpose, -1
1,a project to bring criminals get ahead of themselves
3,Am I the only one who's not funny? I'm disappointed
6,The material is good, but it's worth watching
1,It is a movie of about 7.5. I need to adjust the rating.
6,Wow, I can't believe such a con man eats well and lives well.I can't believe it's real.What's your fiancee gonna be? Shouldn't a con man like that be working for nothing? Wow, you're living a movie life after committing a crime.k.
6,Um... Then the last one is great
6,Am I the only one who was a little bored?
3,I was looking forward to it, but I was disappointed. I didn't know that such a boring and boring movie would come out with such a good material and casting. Steven Spielberg's warm family movie atmosphere is a mess trying to fit into the chase. It's the director's fault. A movie with zero immersion and tension that makes the title overshadowed
1,That's not funny
6,I am so bored with this kind of drama.
2,I'm surprised it's a true story, but it's just that
6,It's not that funny
6,Spielbergian understanding of genius con artists.
5,I was surprised that the flat work was too high for the movie.Spielg wasn't producing it, he was directing it. I don't know. I feel like I've been tricked like a super star. It's confusing to see the development and it's still moving
6,It's surprising that it's a true story, but the fun...
4,a successful film for criminals
1,It's fun, but I don't think it's a masterpiece. I think 8.8 is enough, so I'm lowering the rating
4,Until now, DiCaprio was a pretty boy
4,Realizing once again that people are easily swindled by uniforms
4,You have to be good looking to play well
1,They say it's boring from the beginning to the end. What'
1,What's funny?
2,Poor Brenda.
1,It's just boring.
6,It's interesting. It's a true story, so the last scene is Frank's explanation. Haha, smart
4,Forrest Gump's Romeo Tracker. All the cases are separate.
1,A very absurd scenario.
6,Tom Hanks wasn't so good in this movie. It's not that funny. DiCaprio was fine.
1,Are you kidding? Isn't everyone here weird? I'm so bored. I'm getting cursed at. I got fooled
6,It's amazing that it's a true story, but it's a little boring. How can a high school student do that?Are you a genius?
6,It's great that it's a true story. The premise was good, but the boring development was negative
1,The rating is higher than necessary!
5,Loose development with plain material
5,Is this funny? What's this?
1,It wasn't a fun movie, but it's a rating machine, so I'll cut it
1,It's not a bad movie, but honestly, it's not a 9 point movie
1,I've managed to see it, but I think about eight points is good enough. Carl and Frank's friendship?Except for trust, it'
5,It wasn't fun for me. What?
6,How... It's not good ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
6,It's pretty funny, silly FBI lol
1,It's not fun...
5,It's obvious, but it's fun
6,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it
6,Except for a few movies, you can take out 1.5 points on Naver
6,I was really looking forward to it, but it didn't. A similar movie, 'Knocking on Heaven' is much more interesting
6,I don't know what's funny The fact that it's a true story is just amazing, but the movie itself is very dull
6,A good drama
1,This is also a movie. It's a waste of a star. I'd rather have a multi-celled girl.
5,It's interesting in the beginning, but towards the end, it's really...
5,I didn't like it
6,Frank Abberghnail's life is a farce thanks to the head of the United States
4,좋아요.
6,좋아요.
5,I felt a bit bored
5,It was such a boring movie.  The content is worth seeing
1,Leonardo seems to be the best after the Titanic. an exaggerated score
1,Overrated movie...Eight points are appropriate.
1,Overrated movie...Eight points are appropriate.
1,I don't like DiCaprio
5,That's kind of fun
1,Cheque manipulation is not a good movie material. He doesn't use his brain at all.
6,I watched it because of DiCaprio, but it's boring...
6,In the beginning, it's kind of boring... It's fun if you go to the back
6,Occasional Fast Food - Steven's Spielberg
6,It's worth seeing.
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
2,It's old-fashioned, so it's kind of falling off I don't have a sense of speed
5,It's just so-so, no tension, no emotion, no fun, it's not touching.
1,It was fun.
1,If it weren't for the real story, I'd be very satisfied. Haha
4,Huh? Just a movie like that.
1,I glorified a swindler who turned his back on people too much
6,I held back from going out of the movie theater.It's a waste of money, so I'm going to watch it again
1,I only watched it because of Leo...
5,I slept at the movie theater
4,That's not funny................-_-;
6,It's not a movie that's rated this high.
1,That's really not good
6,I can't believe that Tom Hanks chose this eternal life.in despair
6,It's been a while since I've felt boredom...
6,I was a little bored...
6,A movie with only sympathy for the character.
1,When Spielberg makes a crime movie, it comes out like this.
1,Spielberg's blot on turning a great crime story into a comic drama.
1,It was boring because the development was smooth and not noisy.
6,The sexy thing is the jade t-shirt.And not much for Spielberg, DiCaprio, and Tom Hanks.
3,A movie that I watched very boringly.
6,Feeling like you didn't take care of things after looking at them.
4,It's similar to [Hero Alvero]
2,The true story is interesting, but I am disappointed with the clumsy movie composition that seems to just read the true story.
4,It wasn't good
2,It wasn't fun for me.
3,To be honest, it's not that funny. A boring, predictable ending.
5,It must have been pretty boring.
4,I can feel DiCaprio's transformation and charisma It's fun.
