반지의 제왕: 반지 원정대
1,Maybe it's because it's old, but I can't watch it because of the cliche.
4,I'm sleepy but I'm forced to sleep.It's boring even if you look at it until the end
1,I finally deleted this big poo that I downloaded for name value today. Play time 3 hours 48 minutes, time is money and blood. How do you sit looking at this shit for four hours? Impossible for me. Skip for 10 minutes.skip..skip delete.
6,There are a lot of things to see...
1,I had a good memory of watching it when I was young, so I watched it again, but it was too childish and boring. Why is the running time so long?
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
6,It's fun to watch again...
1,To be honest, the reason why I give 1 point is because the reviews are so high, and honestly, it's a movie that people either like or dislike
2,I just slept. I slept so well
1,Harry Potter is the best
4,As expected, the Lord of the Rings. I miss that time
6,More than I thought...It's not a movie to look for.
1,Why is the movie so long? Compared to Harry Potter, it was boring and boring
6,Harry Potter is a hundred times more fun
1,I don't know because I don't read books, but movies are below my expectations.Gandalf? God.I beat the orcs with a stick and fell to death while fighting with a monster, and suddenly reincarnated. In the stick, it's nothing more than a flash. It's a waste that I flew it for 1,26 hours to watch the third episode
2,A movie that only people watch...If you say it's not fun, it's a movie that people who say that they don't know the movie
4,
4,The nature of New Zealand and the elves were the beauty of this movie.I've been watching some of my main characters like Conan's kid detectives, and I've been having a hard time with them, and I honestly don't understand people who have a good story Unnatural lines, lack of probability...I almost turned it off because I was frustrated I'll watch the 2nd and 3rd episodes because I'm curious about the rest, but it's true that I have been disappointed
2,It's a movie that I still don't know what's fun.There are a lot of things to see.I don't know how to make it funBoring and...It's not my cup of tea.
1,I can throw it in the river, but why do I carry it around?But where did you guys get touched?
1,What are you doing right now? It's unnecessarily long!I thought there would be more after 3 hours. But I don't want to give you 1 point. I have to choose a point to upload it
1,An interesting blockbuster movie. But Naver's rating is too high.
1,It's a classic fantasy that can summarize a story, but the main character is vulnerable.It's not my style
1,Luckily, I binge watched episodes 1, 2, and 3 of The Ring before I watched it It became a stepping stone to understand the opening of the first episodehehe
1,Honestly, if it's boring and boring, it's just white Gandalf? It was fun then and the rest was boring
1,ㄴI'm bored...What's so great about this?
6,The great sages only hit him with a cane, never use magic, and Sauron's best unit, Nazgul, has been beaten by a human knight. This is... It is a movie that played the pioneer of fantasy world, but the action is very boring because it was a long time ago.  Honestly, there's a lot of MSG.
3,Even if it's boring and calm, I tend to watch it well if the story is good, but I gave up watching it because it was too hard to watch it. The background is beautiful and amazing, but it seems like it's not a movie that will give me anything to endure a common story like the 3D Alpizu game.
6,But the story was decided in the beginning, so it's obvious, but the story is too long.It's too loose since mid to late
2,The first part seems to be to continue the series, just boredom
1,After I saw the Game of Thrones, I got interested in fantasy and saw the Lord of the Rings...You're so mean ㅠㅠ I can't even keep up with you. There are still two series left, but I am hesitant.
4,It's for the second and third episodes. So it's a little boring and boring. The movie ends with just the introduction. Please bear that in mind. The rating is low because the movie itself is rated low, but it's the best in terms of the entire series.
1,It's too high. It's a little boring.
1,It's too long. I'm not going to watch the series because the movie doesn't end well. It's boring
5,Huge running time A bit boring but great music, scale and workmanship
1,horse imitations of farmers and herdsmen in southern China
1,Why is sleeping so famous? Please explain
6,The most overrated movie ever.
6,I know it's the cornerstone of the great journey, but it's hard to find any inspiration beyond Tolkien Fantasy's faithful live-action
1,Return to client level, science and engineering.
1,I'm so bored. I was wondering why this is a masterpiece and fell asleep
1,Nunit and the natives.
1,International Public Law on Planning and Development of Prices and Environment Projects
1,Nunes is openly ventilated and highly exasperated.
1,Normative Code on the Joy of Nuggets and Human Goodness
6,It's not really funny.The movie is too long
2,It's a real trash can I guess you watched it because there was nothing to watch at the time. Boring scenes came out from time to time, so I just fall asleep and even the action is boring
2,I don't understand why these people are raving about the movie.
1,It's a boring and trashy movie
1,It's a movie that I didn't watch because I was overwhelmed in such a long time. I was disappointed as soon as I saw it. What's a masterpiece? Are two or three masterpieces? All I felt while watching was that there must be an original movie. It's a movie that was given to me because I had to move the contents of the book, whether it's a connection method or not
2,an expletive of the worldPharmacological statements, series developments, two unlikely friends of the main characters for cancer, a wizard who can't use magic, an expedition of the unattractive anti-support regime, and the second one is said to be fun, should I refer to the first one for the second one? Does it have to be 3 hours?
1,Why did you watch this movie?
6,I'd much rather watch a stupid expedition quickly, and watch a battle of battles
5,The movie was so long that I divided it four times. The dragging scenes are likely to speed up and open if they are made into a two-hour period. In short, in Korea, it's about the battle of goblins, right? If you wear a hat, you become invisible I won't watch the second and third episodes because they will be too long. It's so long and boring.
2,I watched it with my old classmates in the front seat, and I remember it was really hard because it took a long time
1,I turned it off than the first episode. It's so boring
6,I binge watched it again They said that it was fun at first. Ha! Magical warrior? Gandalf's sorcerer charges without using magic, with a swagger of swords and a cane? This is a stick. Saruman? Just create an avalanche from a ridiculous distance, and it's over
1,A cliché with a huge fantasy worldview. It shows a typical Western-style fantasy movie made in the West.The malnourished poo-form nonsense that appears every time you forget it, and the slow and exhausted development gives you extreme boredom for three hours and 48 minutes.
1,It's full of movies, but it's even longer because it's an extended
1,Hobbits Can't Watch It Because They're Caught in Cancer
5,I heard it was a masterpiece, so I watched it. I don't know if I had high expectations or if it was fun I really like fantasy movies, but it's my first time watching fantasy movies without funㅜㅜ I don't think it's a masterpiece By my standards! It depends on the person
1,It's so realistic and unrealistic, it's so unrealistic and realistic. The best fantasy movie of the time that anyone has ever seen in school, academy, library, or anywhere! It wasn't that long that there were no boring parts, but I was disappointed that there was no fourth series
1,Do not compare to Harry Potter.I really held it in and turned it off. It's not fun
1,It's not my style. It doesn't suit me
1,I strongly recommended that it was fun, so I watched it, but it wasn't fun. It's a waste even if I watch it at home, but if I watched it at the theater, I would have been really mad, but I don't know how many times I fell asleep while watching it. How can there be no work? Even when Gandalf falls, it's not fun... It's a waste of an hour. I downloaded 2, 3 and I should erase it
5,Except it's not fun, it's a really good movie
1,It's not funny... Why is it a masterpiece? Frustrated protagonists and friends. What impressed you? Why is the rating high? The content is really bad, but it's so boring. Graphic, video, I admit it, but...ㅜㅜ
1,The hobbits are in the dark
3,I haven't watched this famous movie until now.Is it because I don't like fantasy genre? It's really boring.
1,I know the staff worked hard to take it, but it's very boring.Maybe we should just look at the plot
6,It was loose. It's an expanded version, so it's about 4 hours long
6,I tried to contain a lot of things, but...
2,I think I slept for 3 hours after watching Kim.No fun + memories
1,Don't compare twilight with trash like Lord of the Rings.
1,Why is it so boring? I can't watch it until the end
1,The movie is too long. It's a movie that only people who like this kind of movie can watch
1,Not really. Bored and sleepy.
1,Wow, I was bored to death. The four Minpae members, including Frodo. Frodo is confused about his fate until the end of the movie.
4,Why on earth is this a masterpiece to watch before you die?Did time go by too much?It's embarrassingly childish to fight villains. It looks really scary, but it's really weak. If you hit it, it'll go crazy
5,I don't think there's a movie like this that's overrated, unnecessarily too long and dragging
6,This movie is really interesting. I strongly recommend it.
1,Honestly, the story is sloppy and the action graphic is really sloppy.
1,The group that likes this movie is a teenage man. The group that gave me the same rating is a man in his 20s. Why do you like movies that young people like to listen to masterpieces? It's so boring and I'm sleepy than the movie.In any case, the men are sucking at the childish movies that they hit and fry.It's not even
1,Seriously, I have no idea what a masterpiece is. I like Harry Potter so much that I watched the series and looked for a movie like Harry Potter, and I watched the Lord of the Rings because the ratings were so good, but it was the first time I fell asleep than the movie. The scoundrels that come out look like they're coming out of the Power Rangers. Personally, I don't like it
4,If you look at this, there's no such thing as a pro. It's just a teacher
6,The fantasy world is captured as a beautiful beauty. However, the long-running adventure story may be somewhat boring.
6,Personally, the Hobbit series is much more interesting than the Lord of the Rings.Lord of the Rings is annoying and ugly because of Frodo and a little over-reacting.
1,It's a boring movie. Kids like it
6,The 2nd and 3rd episodes were fun, but the 1st one was okay
1,The first part is boring and boring
6,The movie is full of CG and has no sense of reality.It's not fun. Game of Thrones is the best
4,Frodo Baggins and the Ring Expedition, the start of a long journey!
1,To be honest, I'm not giving you 1 point to get a rating, but to me, it's really a 1 point movie. I'm going to get a rating
1,I don't know... It's a masterpiece, but it didn't suit me
4,Personally, the atmosphere of Harry Potter seemed to flow in the early and mid-year, and the atmosphere of Hunger Games in the second half.I don't know why the main character felt like Elled Cliff.It's really the same.Gandalf is really...Dumbledore... But I enjoyed watching it.Still, the image of Harry Potter lingers.lol
1,The rating is too high.
2,The graphic is poo! That's it
5,It feels like it's loose... Everyone is going crazy, but I was strangely bored with this series.
1,The first part is boring and boring
6,It's kind of... It's not deep, and somehow it's like a Power Rangers.
1,Let's not make a movie into this.
1,I'm sleeping, I'm sleeping, I'm sleeping, I'm sleeping, I'm sleeping, I'm sleeping...I've barely seen it.
1,I tried to hold it in, but I couldn't... I turned it off after watching it for an hour
6,It was pretty good.
6,It's so obvious... the cliché of fantasy
4,Huge worldview, magnificent scale, but boring
4,a very boring movie What a masterpiece.
6,Episode 1 is the least fun. Episode 3 is worth watching
1,I watched it for the fun of seeing Liv Tyler's beauty
1,a feast of boredom
1,A movie that went to the cinema with a bloated heart but was disappointed by the endless boredom
1,It was so famous that the movie was not interesting
2,The first part was rather boring.
1,not much
1,--ㅡㅡ
1,It's boring. Rather. Movie The Rock! This was a lot more interesting. There's really nothing to see. Noose and boredom.
2,Honestly, it wasn't funㅠㅠ;;;; If you explain in detail why this is a masterpiece, I'll pay attention to it, not just a masterpiece, but please explain...
3,The most boring movie ever... To be honest, I looked forward to it, but I held out for 3 hours to hold my cold eye. I honestly don't understand why this is a masterpiece. I think half of it would go if it wasn't for the main character, Sam, but I kept on doing it by myself, so I didn't know why
1,It's a really silly production of the original, so the rating is adjusted
3,Personally, I'm so bored... it's long... it would have been nice if the story could have been summarized
1,The evaluation was so good that I looked forward to it, and it was boring if I fell asleep five times If it's a sleeping pill movie, your personal rating is 7
1,It's like advertising New Zealand nature. The visual beauty is very beautiful, but it's very boring and time-consuming...
1,...Am I weird? crying
3,It's a bit boring and Orcs come out so often that the video beauty is not good. When I was young, I came out in the middle because I was bored more than in the movie theater, but everyone said it was a masterpiece, so I watched it again and it's still boring I don't think it's my cup of teaHarry Potter was fun
1,Who wants to throw the ring?
1,It was so childish. -- What kind of movie is this?
1,What kind of childish movie is it?
1,Three hours of disaster... When I went to my friend's house, I played videos of the baby's first birthday party, the talent show, and the sports day, and it felt like I was watching the wedding video. What's more terrible is that you have to look at two or three for thorough regulation ㅠㅠ
6,It wasn't fun
5,I don't know why it's a masterpiece crying
5,FANTASY who doesn't know what it means because it's so abbreviated
1,It's the first time I haven't seen a movie to the end. I'm sad that I can't relate to what others say
2,It's too long
1,I'm bored. I thought I was going to die. That's so boring.
5,It's not funny.
2,The sorcerer only fights with knives, the absolute ring ability is vague, the protagonist is weak, so he just runs away
1,The main character is so frustrating... I'll save the main character after he dies
3,A movie that was so boring that I was so sleepy
1,Seriously, I'm not funny.
3,It's a waste of money to watch
6,Honestly, what I saw is kind of boring, so I can only give you three stars.
3,The people who give this 10 points are the ones who enjoy murder. It's so dirty
1,It's the worst Rapunzel series I've ever seenHonestly...;;;;;
1,Why is this coming out? Most of the people who gave me 10 points didn't know that
1,Why does it keep coming out, Ana Gabonese?
1,Let's get the link right NAVER Movie Management -_-
1,What is this? I'm going to meet you right now I clicked on the rating cycle
1,a perfect bummer
1,I went to other movies, but why did this come out?
1,I typed in the harmonies, but why does it show up?
1,It's not fun
1,a separate room
6,The story of an invincible marine whose army defeats a powerful alien with a gun;;;
1,Oh, my God, this was such a popular piece.I saw it this time, and I'm disappointed.
1,What's fun? An ugly ring...Power to sleep? What is absolute power?
6,So boring... ...I fell asleep three times in the middle...
5,Maybe I don't fit well with fantasy movies. I was bored because the running time was too long.
3,I don't know what's funny about this.All that is worth seeing is the background...
1,I don't understand why it's fun, but there's no content
5,I think the reason why people praise me is because I'm attracted to the direction and scale
5,What's the difference from Dragon Ball? It feels like I'm watching a cartoon on a nice screen.
6,I saw it when it was released and it was boring.
1,If everyone says it's fun, it's boring, right?
1,What a waste of time!
1,I think it is too boring for a fantasy movie
2,There aren't many action scenes in the first episode.
1,It took me 6 days to watch a movie that I would not have enjoyed even if I watched it in 2002.I turned it off and off because I was bored
1,It's not good
1,I don't think it's funny.
1,It's not worth looking at
6,I don't really like this genre.What I saw because there were so many stories.I was just normal. I mean, I had a long running time, so I was the best guy
1,Rubbish movie this movie should be ruined
2,I watched it because my friends told me to watch it.Not really
1,Fantasy doesn't suit me
1,Oh, I'm sleepy
1,It's a crowd mentality to give 10 points to the peak of boredom
1,It was quite boring...
4,The long run, except for a few scenes, is boring as a whole
3,Now that I look at it, it really doesn't seem like the first movie. not boring at all
6,I hate Lord of the Rings.
6,1 is not fun
1,The best trash movie of my life
4,not much
6,All of the 1.2.3 episodes were asleep.If I take out CG, it's not that...
6,Compared to the 2nd and 3rd episodes, it's not that good
4,I guess my emotions are dry...
6,I honestly don't know if there's any jam
1,Why am I so bored...
1,I was bored so I watched it for about 30 minutes and slept.
1,be the best sleeping pill
1,Boredom
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before.
5,It's a fun fantasy
6,My friend asked me to watch the second one, so I watched it in a hurry
6,a sense of boredom...I don't like it
1,It's too long
1,It's really boring
6,The production cost is a waste...
2,Is it because I watched the least interesting movie among foreign movies when I was tired after the exam?
3,It's not perfect
1,I slept while watching it. It's a waste of a carrot.
3,It was the most boring. It depends on the person
1,With the appearance of the film, the history of the film industry has been rewritten...
6,Well, the series is much better than the series of rings
5,It's boring... It' T
6,It's kind of boring
1,Not really
5,Is this that funny? Books and movies
2,The rating is too much.
1,I get angry at the netizens' ratings
1,I only remember the ones that came out...It's not fun... Is it just me?
5,It's fun, but it's too long
1,그것은 개똥이다.
1,One of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life is my personal opinion, so no tackle
3,For me, it's not that...
1,Personally, I was bored
6,I guess it doesn't fit with fantasy.
5,It's not my style. Why do people say Jiwon is funny?
5,You don't like it with me?
4,What is it about?
5,I'm going to destroy the ring. Only about 10 people? Are you kidding?
4,Wearing a ring is not invincible. What's good about it?
6,It's worth watching if you don't know FANTASY. Warrior Gandalf is not used to...
1,If it's fun...
6,In fact, the first and second episodes can be reduced to one side
5,I have to watch it to complete the movie, but it's really boring
3,I don't know. Can I say it's more interesting than a blockbuster?
6,Just an interesting series that will be praised by teenagers all over the world.
6,Scale and CG are just enviable. Will we be able to do it in 10 years?
5,I thought the first episode was so much fun that I fell asleep.
5,Everyone says it's fun, but why am I so boring?That's too bad.
3,There are only things to see and the content is completely --;
6,Are you preparing all day long -_-; but I'll let it slide because it's a series
6, well
1,ninth
1,A movie like OOOO
5,Are you preparing all day long == =; But I'll let it slide because it's a series
5,It's going to be fun, but it's ending.
3,I slept because I was bored. Experts say big-scale movies have good scores.
1,It's a children's movie.
5,It was boring, but the snow was fun.
2,It's not fun. I'm director Lee's poem. personally
1,Boring from beginning to end.
6,I really don't like the Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter series.
4,What's with the ring?
1,I was watching a boring movie and I fell asleep because I was bored
1,The expedition is not fun because there is no war.
1,It's kind of boring
4,To be honest, a boring movie...
3,I was bored
1,Pleasure, a nasty piece of pleasure
6,It was fun, but I was a little bored. I don't really like this kind of thing
1,This movie is a sleeping pill. Unexpectedly, there are few fanatics in the first movie. There are many in the third movie.
4,Disappointed in the great expectations... something was missing.The tribe was too big.
1,Let's not import movies like this. It's a waste of foreign currency. The movie is awesome
1,a dull and dull movie
2,a movie that doesn't even give stars
1,It's a waste to give this movie one point. -_-
5,an unnecessary drag on storytelling. It's boring
1,The height of boredom! What if the scenery is nice?
6,It's really cool
1,It's too simple
6,a movie with a good actor and great scenery
1,It's a waste of a single point
6,It's just that the scale is big. That's all I don't see
4,I'm a little disappointed, but it's fun
3,I've seen and felt it a lot, but I think it's too cruel.
3,Fantasy likes novels, but it's a movie that I don't you think?
4,A spectacular movie with a small ring!
4,I fell in love...
5,Frodo's eyes are so charming.*^^*
6,The visual beauty stands out and it seems to have something to see and content
