나, 다니엘 블레이크
6,A calm movie. This is what England is like
2,
4,There were a lot of gaps in the movie and it was boring. If it weren't for the speed function, I wouldn't have been able to watch it until the end.
5,Is Britain really like that? It's not that bad in my country either. Where do we learn and what do we see?
1,There's always a movie about poor people in welfare blind spots who don't have the right benefits, but there's no movie about people who spend money on the state for over-welfare. Of course, the inefficient administrative convenience of civil servants in this movie needs to be corrected. Let's not fall into populism after watching the movie and being instigated by emotional selling after watching this movie...The characteristics of movies, society, and culture are always poor people who don't get benefits lol how much tax is deducted from the income earned in over-welfare countries like Northern Europe. People who believe in welfare benefits and don't try, none of the creations criticizing society
4,It was okay. It wasn't fun. I like movies that are real stories, but the ending is too empty.
4,Khan seems to love stories about poor people. There's not much to it.
5,The old man who fought a fierce war to protect his last remaining pride and a strong mother who gave up her pride to protect her child's pride. It wasn't necessarily a war movie with gunshots.
6,If I lose my pride, I lose everything Seriously. I'll give you 1 billion won. If you tell me to clean my house with my tongue, I'll do it.
3,No fun, no touching, no cinematic achievement and boring cliché is the Golden Palm Award??? It's a mystery.
6,Beggars are an infinite competition society to just die, but if you look at this and vote for the left, you'll end up in Venezuela
6,Is the movie festival in the order of experiences?
6,말할 수 있나요? "누구세요?"
1,A public servant related to disease subsidies worked with B.S. He must have gone to protest with a doctor's note like me. Or connect the examiner and the doctor. The government made a mistake, but the main character is also frustrated. Not to mention the beggar who had two children.
6,I watched the movie because a critic told me to watch it, but there are a lot of regrets. I felt that the inflexible principleist was Daniel Blake, who knew how to be stubborn, not the state. The dichotomous confrontation between the state (public official) vs. citizens has been too clichéed and simplified.
2,After carrying an anxiety factor from the beginning, he finished as expected, so his good acting was less touching. I don't agree with what the director is trying to say.
6,Compared to Korea, the gap between the poorest people is so wide that it is confusing, but in the end, they shout out what they want to say
1,The story of a right-wing attack made up by the doomed British left without foundation
1,I feel like I'm going to answer the question from the beginning to the end. It's frustrating. It was Sprite once
1,Am I the only one who doesn't want to hear the first female voice? I want to break it down.
1,I want to give 10 points to Daniel Blake. If it weren't for the female protagonist of prostitution, the movie would be 10 points. Anyway, women are very good to live in. If a man does prostitution, he's treated like dirt, and if a woman does it, he's justified as pathetic. If a man loses his pride, he loses everything.
4,It's a left-wing political movie, but it's a movie that strategically depicts a story that you can't help but sympathize with. Breathtaking bureaucracy, groaning beneath it and silently disappearing orbitals. a common understanding between Britain and Korea
1,I thought I would sleep with him, but he got me a job. The ending was too obvious, and there was not much content, both of them were a nuisance
2,Hell and unimproved reality. The darkness that I can't see... Eventually, the reality of selling your body or putting it on the streets... I was so frustrated that I felt like I was going to die the whole time. The person who gives Lee Young-hwal 10 points must be someone who has never experienced that reality.
6,It's a movie that has a lot of thoughts about crying out for our world as a community
6,It's the same here and there that's upsetting
1,I think it's self-deception to give a high rating for a message about a boring and boring movie.  I'm angry, but it's just not funny
6,There is also a limit to helping each other.
5,The obvious story and development... I don't think it's a well-made piece of art... But the subject itself is very realistic and social, so I was a little interested...
6,About things you know but you're turning a blind eye to.
1,I'm sure it's a good one, but I think the nine-point mark is too much.
1,I got goosebumps when Katie was rubbing her thighs pretending to be comforting shivering
5,It makes me think about the nature of a person.
1,I booked a ticket, but I didn't let you in because you were 5 minutes late.crying
3,It's kind of boring. The story is heavy
1,a boring documentary with obvious directions a movie with a set-up, exaggerated display, and political side
2,You've written a review with all kinds of poo. What are you going to do with my goosebumps?
3,The comments are really... You're talking like a mind reader who reads people's minds
6,light and heartfelt
1,1 point for Taeyeon
5,My mother is beautiful. But prostitution is never beautiful. All the emotions stopped at the scene that wrapped it up. It could have been touching except for the scene, but I can't exclude it.
6,It was not a movie with a rating of 9.3 but the story and development were very boring.
1,A movie with a lot of course!
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it so much I don't know if it's because it's a society-critical movie, but it's very stuffy and dark
6,It was so touching
1,You've been tricked by the ratings again. Buy a meal for the poor people around you with the money you pay for the movie  Don't watch movies
6,It may be a human instinct to try to operate somehow.
6,I enjoyed the good movie.
5,The ideal European left, the odd gap between reality and sentiment.
4,It's just... It's not bad, it's not good.It's just... It's just...It's frustrating and...It was stuffy
1,I trusted the score and was considerate of the time. 9 points is too much. 7 points would be enough
1,Well, it wasn't as good as I thought
3,Why are civil servants always evil?
6,It was clear what he was trying to criticize, and he was good at expressing how people lost their dignity due to poverty, but it wasn't enough to impress
6,I know what you want to say, but...
6,I was a little disappointed when I saw the movie because I was expecting too much because it was a work that won many awards. I don't know why I ended it like this. I felt very empty after seeing the ending. I felt like I was ending it very suddenly.
6,Hmm... It's hard...
6,I was really looking forward to it.It doesn't feel like much...It's not touching.
6,I hate the reality of this movie, but it makes me admit it, reflect on it, and think.
5,It was too much and obvious.
6,I like them all, but it's too boring to be a winner of the Palme d'Or
1,It's like a movie made by Keynes and Communists.
1,When I buy popcorn and drinks, I regret why I'm eating this, and when the movie is over, it makes me hate the shops, their sparkling neon signs, smiling lovers and family, and even me watching the movie.The truth that the movie shows is beyond imagination.
6,I was personally bored...
1,I don't know if it's because my bowl is small, but I didn't know what the movie was saying.
5,I don't know. I don't understand. Is this movie unkind?
3,Why is it in the 9th grade?T
5,What the hell did I miss...  It's the first time that there's such a big gap between reviews after watching a movie.
6,I think I expected too much for Ken Loch's name value. It wasn't too bad, but it was a Dickensian cliché Hm
4,A plain movie. A movie that asks for sympathy from the audience. When I came back from watching this, I thought I should have helped a beggar with the stairs next to the subway
