언플랜드
4,The subject of 'abortion' was portrayed only from the perspective of Christian conservatism. Obviously, you have to think about various perspectives, but the movie expresses that perspective as a bad thing, which creates antipathy.
1,It's an unpleasant movie. I turned it off right after a few minutes.
2,A movie that takes a critical view of abortion, every woman who makes a choice, not an option.It is an 18th-century movie that only takes a biased view of turning women into sinners. Respect for baby human rights without arms and legs; no human rights as a woman and a pregnant woman. This is a story that existed 5,000 years ago from the past to the present. A cheap man who has never experienced it snorts at talking critically about abortion. A tacky 18th-century film, people who stay in the past.If the environment and the conditions for having a baby are established, the current couple in their 20s and 30s will be able to have a good baby^^ It's the same story in the same context, but it's funny that sinners are only driven by women, and it's funny that they made this kind of delusion into a movie, and it's like a movie made to brainwash in real Christianity.
1,Don't be fooled by the dichotomous logic of a hypocritical incompetent
1,Suddenly, one day, I realized it because of my prayers.For God's sake, disgusting proxy...I got goosebumps when you said you had eight kids. You should teach me contraception. If you're drunk on religious pongs and giving full marks to stories that go against the Constitution of Human Rights, think for yourself and judge... A new style of shackles was fresh beyond the 2010's, and the doctor here said, "Don't abort the lives of most teenagers sitting blind, a more powerful savior than God, who saved tens of thousands of women's lives." Recommend a quick choice with medication
6,I know life is important, but isn't it irresponsible to give birth to the future of an unluckily blessed child unconditionally, or is it irresponsible for irresponsible people to leave it unattended and abuse it? I really don't know
1,In such a painful world where birth can feel tragic even if parents raise it, who forces birth to create another pain? You have no interest in life and the suffering it causes. The empty coercion of anti-abortion does nothing to help the lives that endure hard lives at this moment. The friend who was raised in the facility is still suffering, but how dare you say such empty words about what you know? It is pathetic that anti-sexual and selfish religious brainwashing believes that all problems are solved and the world is better if you give birth unconditionally while not taking responsibility for and caring for already born children. If you're not going to be responsible for ensuring a happy life, shut up stupid. Even child care facilities are already saturated. Take care of the lives that are already born with your time and energy.
6,I felt like a propaganda film made by anti-abortionists in the United States. In fact, the issue of abortion is one of the tools used in politics in the Christian United States, which is intertwined with religious beliefs, and the movie is about opposing abortion, saying, "Abortion is a sin! It was a little uncomfortable because he seemed to be making claims like 'It's murder!!'. Who decides abortion simply for the convenience of life, to treat cavities at the dentist, and to make it as easy as removing a mole on the face? Some people may have no choice but to choose abortion due to the unaffordable environment and circumstances, but I think it has dealt with complex issues related to abortion in pieces, emphasizing only one aspect of the importance of life. Abortion is murder, so it should not be done unconditionally and should be born in any situation? It would have been a little more convincing if the movie showed any alternatives other than abortion. Of course, it is very wrong to regard and urge abortion as a means of making money, as in the movie, and it would be right to reveal this fact and reduce unnecessary abortions. On the other hand, I felt this while watching the movie...It was unfortunate that the unfair weight was built on women. Obviously, pregnancy is a job that both women and men should be responsible for, and it was heartbreaking that most of the blame and guilt for the decision should be borne by women alone. In fact, it would not be a good idea to eliminate abortion-related workers or abortion clinics, but the fundamental cause of unnecessary abortions should be identified and resolved. I watched it because of its good rating, but I don't think I would have watched it if I had known it was a childish movie that shouted "God, life is precious" and "anti-abortion." And the pro-abortion family planning federation was a bit childish, with actors acting and appearance on the axis of evil, and anti-abortion people over the fence painted good...LOL If you look at the Netflix documentary "Flipping the Zero Judgment," you can look behind the issues related to abortion law, so it would be good for those who are interested to watch it together.
6,It is inconvenient to see the movie as a dichotomous view of absolute evil (affirmative with abortion) and absolute good (opposite of snack placenta), which lacks a sense of balance. The cinematic perfection is not necessarily high.
1,It's forced, it's childish, it's biased... The movie is so tacky. A movie that Christian people worked hard to make. I turned it off while watching it.
1,Ridiculous. A film made by Christian logic. Some Christians are more important than anything else to freedom of their religion, but they don't recognize freedom of others' religion. If you're against abortion, you don't have to do it. Women who perform abortions don't perform surgery because the fetus is just trash, but because their lives are more important than anything else.
2,The main character's beautification. Disgusting
2,Honestly, if I didn't take disciplinary action, I would have worked hard if I had given up money and got promoted to a high position
1,I don't know. I don't like the translation
1,Oh, I was fooled by NAVER's score. I should've seen the Imdb rating ㅠㅠ It's a terrible piece of work.
1,I don't know what you're trying to say. I can't relate to the dramatic development. So what about women who have unwanted pregnancies? It seems that a proper compromise is needed, not this forced persuasion.
1,It's a pro-lippers anti-abortion propaganda film that goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. A movie of people who want to control someone's freedom that comes out when they forget.
1,A blatant anti-abortion movie. It's irresponsible of you to give birth unconditionally even if you don't pay for childcare. The repeated God's taryeong and songs are also uncomfortable. God Christianity always gets zero points.
1,I understand the director's intention to oppose abortion on the grounds of respect for life, but it was not convincing at all. All I'm saying is, "I'll help you," "talk to me," and how the hell are you trying to take responsibility for an unprepared pregnancy? I didn't really like Christianity being stuck in the middle. For the end that the director wants, he turns a group into evil, and he doesn't give me a point to think about, but just gives the director the answer to think like this
1,Why aren't the high priests who told him to stone-kill an adulterous woman in front of Jesus, or the Korean Christians who only protest against abortion and homosexuality, fighting without contraception at that time? A woman is pregnant alone, but watch a movie like this and support an orphanage when you are against abortion There's a lot of sexual assault on kids and abortions, and they're blindfolded and pretending they don't know that it's not true, right? Go and beat up those ministers One full movie bill buys one more diaper for the babies in the orphanage
5,People who abort without knowing the truth of abortion may find this movie uncomfortable to watch. The word "not knowing is the medicine" comes to mind, while those who are worried about abortion, please refer to this movie. I think it's the smartest way to make a decision after looking at the evidence and materials so that you can make a good decision While watching this movie, I am a man, but if I am a woman who is worried about abortion, I have thought a lot about it, but I don't think I will do it because the abortion process is too cruel and I don't know how deep the fetus will be in pain I don't think I'm going to do it because there's a chance But it's like a seed when you're born?If you're in a state of mind, your judgment may change then. Anyway, it's a headache to think that I'm in my position even though I'm not the person involved. If you don't want to suffer from this, wear a condom Guys.
1,It's a biased movie. It's a Christian movie that puts people in a difficult situation to feel even more guilty
1,Where are the human rights of the victims of unwanted pregnancies due to sex crimes such as A and A? The punishment of male offenders who commit sex crimes is still light, and the consciousness of beating only women who are forced to abort is too low. What's the difference between a woman's blessing and right to a pregnancy and saying that a woman is just a livestock or a beast that exists only for pregnancy? I want you to think about what comes first. And you must want to have a baby in a crock like our country.
1,That's not fun. If she was raped and pregnant...
1,It doesn't explain both sides of abortion, it's like a Christian movie. I really don't like it and I don't know why it's so high. This is the first time I thought about when the movie will end. I want to give 0 stars, but I don't know how to do it
1,Abortion was abolished today. to the ground
1,I don't know what the movie is all about.I have no idea whether the organisation is trying to criticize itself or to speak out against abortion.If it was a movie that insisted on an anti-abortion stance, there were too many loopholes. Also, Christian elements and evil people mostly wear black clothes, good people wear blue clothes, so I laugh because I have a high rating, so I only look forward to it, but I think it's a waste of money, so please don't watch another movie
1,I know the message, but the film itself is a mess
1,The worst movie I've seen this year
2,Why does a woman have to deal with everything?
1,This isn't right.
2,Why only women have to deal with all this, so what?!! Don't abort unconditionally? The inconvenience of being able to shame those who have no choice but to make such a decision
2,a religious rubbish film The choice is for women to give birth
1,Would the protagonist not have an abortion if he went back to the past?The double main character, the God Taryeong
1,emotional coercion under the guise of rational persuasion
1,Do we have to watch this kind of movie in this day and age?
1,Propaganda movie in 2020.
1,star-studded terror attack Thought injection is awesome...
1,"Including the Christian 'epic of repentance', wrapped in shallow sentimentalism. The way the story unfolds and the attitude is light compared to the weight of the issue addressed." 100% empathy.
1,More than women's rights... Fetal human rights are more important? You want me to think about things that aren't as good as I thought in 2020?LOL The cattle being slaughtered... It's very terrible. But you still like steak. Is there more hypocrisy than religion?LOL
2,Less detail and too typical of characters
2,It's like a Christian movie.It wasn't fun personally.But the girl in front of me cried
1,It's so boring. An anachronistic religious film that is irritating and infuriating.
1,It was regrettable that there was no valid argument or basis for opposition to abortion, but only that abortion was a sin based on religious beliefs. For non-Christians, you may feel absurd about the unlikely development. It's based on a true story, and it's meaningful to expose that the Family Planning Federation is an institution that prioritizes performance and profit, not an institution to help women, but there are women who really need abortions, who feel uncomfortable outside the cage.  If you look forward to seeing a movie that makes you worry about abortion, I would recommend watching a documentary about abortion.
1,If you want to watch this movie, make sure to watch it!I watched this movie with my mom yesterday and it was a waste of money. Seriously. I've never seen a movie like this before, even though I watch it twice a week.It is a movie mainly based on the absurd logic that minors must have a baby once they get pregnant.It's not scary, it's creepy.If you don't believe me, make sure to check out the reviews from Naver's! If you see the critics say it's a trashy movie, you'll lose all your heartAnd the 35 reviews that I wrote here seem like a real part-timer. There are a lot of people who give me 10 points, and I'm afraid my comment will be deletedI really don't recommend it. I'd rather see a thief or an assistant.
5,My personal opinion is that people who say abortion is right and people who say it's wrong makes sense, but in the case of people who were sexually assaulted or 3 months ago, isn't it okay to allow it? I'll say it carefully.
6,The story is touching... Your acting skills...
1,
2,Women have the right to terminate pregnancy
4,I don't know, I know it's bad, but I don't think it's convincing enough. It's the only answer to giving up a life that's hard to take responsibility for. It's questionable why you only highlighted the guilt Of course, I am absolutely opposed to abortion in a well-developed body
6,The true story of a woman who looks back on herself in the face of abortion and life.
1,When I took the ID for the things that have 10 stars and left a rating, I only left a rating on this, so please stop writing part-time jobs. Do you want me to say "God is the best" after watching this? If you want to have a baby, give birth to a lot of you. What's the birth rate for Christians?
1,It's still creepy to make and release a movie like this
5,Although I sympathize with the theme of the movie, appeals that are biased toward emotions rather than logic and explicit classification of good and evil reduce persuasive power. Although it is based on a true story, it is also regrettable that the main character's behavior and sudden changes are not very sympathized.
1,A director-made manga stuck in medieval thinking about making this kind of film, like "God Is Not Dead."
1,A whole history of shattering someone's heart.a gruesome movie of contradiction that kills a life when it comes to saving one life
1,I understand what the movie is trying to say, but the reason is so poor. A feeling of being approached only in an emotional way. It's not convincing at all
