그린 북
6,Are you emotionally dry? This kind of movie is overflowing and overflowing
2,It's perfect for a black movie. A bad white man was beaten to pieces and a good white man solved it. ^^ A white man and a black man were friends. FYI, the black Panther, the black man and the bad book were nominated for the Academy Award
1,Not funny
1,I understand opposition to racism, but homosexuality is a different matter. Discrimination against immorality is a compulsion. (one handful for rating adjustment)
5,Image laundering is like Peter Farrelli
1,The section with a high rating is in their 30s, and women... It's a movie that people with low tolerance would like
5,The overall story lacks immersion.
5,a movie consistently tailored to the PC code the gap between political values and workmanship
1,It was interesting to see the times when there was blatant discrimination against black people in the 1960s. Tony, who is white but grows up in the Bronx and speaks like a black person, Shirley, who acts like a white upper class with elegance and culture. The friendship between the two characters is fun. At the end of the day, Tony drove Shirley home to spend Christmas with his family, which was very touching. But the rating over 9 seems a bit exaggerated. It's based on a rather obvious topic and true story, so I don't think the normal development is up to 9 points. I'll give you a star for rating adjustment.
1,The film is made without the consent of the bereaved family, and the film is full of lies, and the director has exposed his genitals, learned racist remarks, and the writer has made Muslim-hating remarks.
6,The discrimination of black people and the times at that time were also well expressed, but it was a pity that there was such an unexpected element of homosexual PC
1,It's just a calm movie, but the fun of immersing the audience is very low. I felt bored while watching it, and the topic I wanted to talk about was good, but from my point of view, a masterpiece should impress the audience while immersing it, only a message is a good boring movie.
1,I don't agree that this is No. 1 on NAVER
6,Asymmetry without a word is the highlight of this movie, for whites who are devoted to black people, and Italians who discriminate against black people by explicitly swearing at Germans.
1,It's a good movie, but it's not a movie that deserves such a high rating, so I give it a point.
5,A movie like that.It's just the trailer. No fun. I don't think it's enough to talk about black oppression.
1,It couldn't be too much like that.
6,It must be a well-made movie that caught all three interesting lessons, and it is a movie that has a good result and a good level of completion. But after I found out the true story, it made me feel bad. At the end, Dr. Shirley's visit to the Tony family's Christmas party seems to be a heartwarming ending made up of Dr. Shirley's courage.But despite the fact that Dr. Shirley had brothers and was very close to his family, the film contrasted "a lonely black man who was not accepted as a mainstream world" with "a white family full of love and family love." Of course, movie adaptation is a factor that can't be helped if it's based on a true story, but from the perspective of Dr. Shirley, I think it would have been very unpleasant to see this movie. I looked up the true story because it was fun to watch the movie, but if I knew about it, I wouldn't have watched it
1,It's okay, but it's just an eight-point movie. It's ridiculous.
1,
1,While Dr. Shirley's Moonlight and Getout naturally permeated the main character's life and made him feel that racism was bad, the film was more like a collection of cases of black discrimination in American society, forcing him not to be racist from start to finish. It's about 6 points, but 1 point to adjust the score
6,I was moved by Mahershala Ali's performance.
1,It's all fake over Shawshank. This is Bbanggu
1,[Everyone, google the green book] The reason. I won an Academy Award, so I don't know. Because it's a lame but obvious story. It's a production that doesn't have a smooth flow For awards? White superiority ideas that used the usual racism but ended up saving black people. Besides, it's not a true story at all. No wonder it was kind of disgusting. The Valeronga son wrote the screenplay Is it the first time you've seen a black movie or are you're all complimenting me The weird thing about watching movies is that it's a total fraud movie because I searched it all the time; it's a movie made up by the son of Valeronga, who got cut off after a year and a half tour in two months; was it a movie about racism at the endings? I'll add a picture of Don't-Shally to the ending and the friendship until 2013? And then there were no pictures. Maybe it wasn't weird, but everyone just heard the dog sound. That's too bad. You should all Google the Green Book. Tsk
6,Most importantly, it's not a true story. It's just what the son of a balleron claims. I watched it thinking that it was fiction with everything in mind, but there was a bitter and uncomfortable side to commercial movies that fit the taste of white people, but I was able to relate to the ridiculous racism of the time, and I watched it with a sense of immersion. If I had corrected it except for the true story, I would have added another star.
6,The movie itself was really fun, but the process of making the movie is so trash
1,An honest movie that was able to manipulate the ratings but failed to manipulate the audience. Let's adjust the rating. Don't you think it's not right?
1,This has a rating of 9.6? The actors' acting was good, but the discrimination in the movie was poor in detail and progressed without probability, so there was a lack of persuasion. Tell me if there's any touching part. I felt like I was watching a Korean movie that forced me to move my heart without context. I'm sure this rating is manipulated by the part-timers. I can only laugh at the ridiculous rating. In that sense, rating adjustment ^^ International disgrace that a movie with a rating of 9.6 can't win an Academy Award and be nominated
1,Too high to rate for reduction
1,The movie's content was touching and the fact that it was a true story intensified, but I was so disappointed that the relationship between the two was largely fictional. It is a movie with a very deep nationalistic color of white Americans.
1,The writer of this movie is a racist
6,There have been so many movies like this since a few years ago
6,The acting was great, I enjoyed it, but I don't like the white saviorI liked the development of "Hidden Figures" with a similar theme
1,The acting and directing were good, but it's too obvious
2,The movie is good, but it is very different from the true story and it is not an Academy work, so I adjust the rating
5,The true story was the opposite. The movie is okay, but the friendship between the two was manipulated.
2,I was looking forward to it because it was first place in the evaluation.I think it's a little too much to have a rating of 9 points.I was going to give you 1 GPA, but I saw my girlfriend, so I gave you 2. The story is so...It's obvious. I'm not into it.I kept seeing how many minutes we had left
1,I can't accept that Green Book is the number one rating when there are so many better movies than this Just watching JoJoRabbit right now is a better movie than the Green Book
1,My life's work
6,The combination of cold and hotness
1,not much
1,It's a good movie to adjust the rating, but mid-nine doesn't make sense
6,Academy Awards don't mean you're good at everything. It's just a racist issue
6,The two actors' acting was great, although it was a simple production with a simple theme
1,It's not bad, but I think we need to get a rating. I totally agree with Sherlock. I could definitely feel the disgust of the white people, but I didn't understand Sherlock, who was just being silly, and he was rude and rude, and it seemed so unreasonable to put up with it all, and it wasn't fun to set up and direct.
1,Appears to need rating adjustment
1,It's nothing more than a killing time. It was painted as a friendship between Italian Americans and rich blacks, but as critics say, it only seems like a way to make poor black friends, although it is very rich from a white point of view.
4,The movie tries to brainwash the PC ideology of a time when black people are not even discriminated against. Why is the subject of black racism that was fed up in the 1980s so often made? Why do we have to look at the evils committed by white Americans in America's limited space? Can we be moved to see the fabrication of the fact that Shirley herself and the bereaved family resent the filmmaking that they opposed? A month-and-a-half of the story is about exaggerating Dain's friendship or fabricating that Shirley is not the one who maintained a good relationship with the black community and brothers for the rest of her life
1,Thank you. My score is a waste
5,It's a movie that's perfect for those who are sentimental and wild birds
3,I understand the message, but it's so obvious, and I can see the intent to force injection, so it's an impure Hat score, and it's a well-made movie, but it's not a masterpiece or an overrated movie
1,It's a good movie, but it can't be the best movie
1,NAVER ratings have become trash too. Watch the movie with high ratings. It's not like playing human rights. All the movies that aren't that big of a deal are in the top ranks The movie version seems to be completed with the left and right people wanting it
4,You're smoking a lot.When we bloom together while eating
1,I don't know. I thought it was the highest score, but...
2,It sounds like a good movie, but I'm sorry to hear the story of Donshury, who is dignified and great, with the help of a white Tony, who is seen as ignorant
1,I'm sorry, but I'm sorry
4,It's fun. But it's so obvious that I want to show you the PC that I hate
2,The material and content itself are outdated these days, and the content autonomy is very loose. I know what it means, but teenagers and people in their 20s are almost not fun. It's so highly evaluated that I dream of 2 points
6,Like Korea, America has violent and racist areas
1,It's not fun. It's the worst
1,Look at the rating class. Isn't that too much?
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,A movie that shows that it doesn't matter what happens if you wrap up a false bum in a plausible way. Don't try to benefit from the truth in the first place. How can you make it up for real and not even know if your family is actually there? Why don't you turn Hitler into a philanthropist?
6,a rich description of characters lacking in episodes
1,I don't think it's that bad
1,I don't know what it is if I want to give you 1 point
1,Best marketing movie since La La Land.
1,It's a lot of blood compared to Clementine.
1,I really enjoy watching it
4,I'm disappointed because my expectations are too high ㅜㅜ
1,The movie itself is touching. However, he was moved by the director who made the movie without asking for the consent of the bereaved family and Nick Ballengro. It's a true story, so there's a lot of difference, and Don Shirley was married, and you're driving me gay.I don't know why they are advocating against racism and even navy.
4,I think it's overrated.
1,It's higher than Shawshank's escape, so it's for rating adjustment.
3,I watched a movie after watching a fake controversy and made Don Shirley act so silly, I just don't like it because the cool guy white guy solves this and that black friend who is weak, and he makes friends with white people
4,Four points are given because of the scene of bone blowing out the window, the cheesy performance of the orange restaurant, and the obvious story.
1,Best Entertainment Movie of 2018
6,Why is the rating so high? I don't think it's a grade...Just plain
6,If you take out the message, is it fun? Obvious story. Obvious story
1,It's worth watching, but the rating is too high
6,The movie is worth watching. It seems to depict the arrogance and class distinction of the black community intellectual class, which is reflected in the behavior of a black pianist who tries to change his driver's name besides racism and the words that the white driver himself is more black.
2,A movie full of messages...From start to finish, "Don't bully black people, don't bully black people." But I've never bullied black people
6,Hidden figures are better.Not very impressed
1,If a movie is boring, it's a failed movie. Art? The power to immerse the audience in difficult content is a true art movie. Basically, a movie that failed to immerse the audience no matter how good the content is is.
6,The obsession with "this is a good movie" and "this content is bound to be great" seems to be embedded in our minds. A movie for a proper killing time. And I heard it was made based on facts, but it seems to have been adapted a lot
4,The epitome of simple road movies + black people are pure and incredible, married white men, straight men, low-quality human beings + unexpected homosexuality + white police violence + great Democrats saving you from danger => Vigo Mortenson
3,It was quite interesting until the beginning and the middle, so I decided to give it 7 points, but it went over an hour and 30 minutes, so I turned it off on the way. After an hour and a half, I turn it off except in special cases. And if you give it very well, it's three points. It would be nice to enact a law that makes movies within an hour and a half.
6,I felt sorry for the monotonous content, but I felt like I was reading a book, starting to work for the means of life, making friends in my work...It was a great movie to be a soulmate who filled each other's needs
6,a Christmas in which people-to-to-people
6,I didn't expect much but it was better than I thought
1,I've been living in La for 7 years.   I don't remember when the Negro niggers picked cotton pads, but I'm discriminated against Asians.   Good niggers are only dead niggers.    Even within LA, the violent crime rate of Negroes is much higher than other ethnic crime rates.
5,It's not that it's not boring, but I don't think it's a movie that will win Shouldn't we take a different approach to the story of racism now? It's getting more and more corny.
1,It's not funny at all.
6,When faced with discrimination and prejudice, they usually take turns avoiding it, but sometimes they become a little more confident against it
1,The last thing I like is racism and niggles.
6,I knew it was a true story and cried at the end, but I only gave three stars because I was disgusted that human writings such as "Magic Hour," which praised the movie, such as the topic plot, and the movie I've seen so often.
6,I'm just normal. Why is everyone praising me? Am I the only one who's cliche about overcoming racism?
2,The rating is too high, so I'll lower it. For me, this kind movie is boring and boring. a glycemic selection It's too. Racial discrimination is too prominent, and it is a sly movie that fits the political correctness of the times. Korea and the United States seem to be in the trap of political correctness. It's not funny, these political movies.
2,Wow, pro-Japanese group, they're scary
4,The director was too complacent about drawing true stories.  It looks plausible, but it doesn't have any depth.
5,Don't feel the sensationalism of black people in movies. Black people discriminate against us more than white people everywhere. The typical Nae-Nam-bul victim cosplay movie is even abominable.
1,The score is too high. About the mid-to-late 8 points
1,The film is made without the consent of the bereaved family, and the film is full of lies, and the director has exposed his genitals, learned racist remarks, and the writer has made Muslim-hating remarks. This movie has a rating of 9 or higher and is an Academy Award for Best Screenplay and Best Picture!
1,a film that markets a near-fictional re-creation as a true story Despite the opposition of the actual person's family, the story is an unpleasant touching story that is made into a movie and is solved through the eyes of white people all the time.
6,A fairy tale of good adults.
1,scammed garbage by making a true story that doesn't even exist
2,The funny thing is that black and Hispanic people now use racist behavior or language against Asians.
6,It was a normal, boring, but warm movie
4,the feeling of not finishing one's meal
1,I came to get off because the rating was too high. It's a good movie, but it's not the best movie
3,I saw it because the reviews were good. Except for the last performance, one or two scenes were not fun. There's too much foam
1,Did I expect too much?
1,Does this make sense? Huh? 9.64 makes sense?
6,I really enjoyed it. It's not a waste of money
5,A film about black racism. The caption also says "Asian Jjangkae" and talks casually about women's breasts as a joke. I feel a little behind the issue of racism at this point. Of course, I hope white people watch this movie.
6,I think I saw a calm bromance movie after a long time.The story of the work and the actors are very good here.It's a movie that I want to watch again later. It's fun ♡
6,The movie was fun, but I am disappointed that the director interpreted the story differently from the truth
2,I don't know the time, so I donated 25,000 won.
2,Please read this firstIt's not a movie twist, it's a real twist. hygall.com/167411108
5,Clichés and predictable developments
2,A moving movie that shows the results in a typical Hollywood way.The director's morality? It interferes with the sense of immersion
6,It was a warm atmosphere that the people who watched the movie could relate to.Please watch it with those who share your feelings^^
2,That's amazing. I went to the movie theater late and got kicked out.Donate three tickets.I wanted to watch a good movie and heal myself, but because of the nerds ㅜㅜ
4,It's a movie that makes me think a lot
6,I enjoyed it. The movie that leads the story with the main character's charm
6,True story + past racism issue is good but boring A lot...
6,Clean PC movies... But more than that. KFC looked delicious, but I don't really want to see it twice.
6,a story similar to "Untouchable"
1,It's boring, and it's all a lie.
1,It's not a movie with 9 points. I was disappointed
4,We watched it late at night on Hongdae's GV
6,I dozed off for a long time, and I enjoyed the latter partBut it's true that it's boring
1,I'm afraid you're trying to make a couple or force them to appear on the show
1,That's too bad... It's really boring.
6,Lower your expectations and encourage viewing
4,To be honest, it was a little disappointing in terms of the ability to solve the story creatively and the use of characters, which is not a four-point one, but not a 9.73 one. The movie is definitely a movie that warms your heart for hours and leaves a lot of lingering emotions, but it's obvious to movie fans who like the drama genre.
6,I can see that you've tried your best
6,Subtitles often fail to capture the wit of the lines, which makes the play time boring as Tony's jokes are buried.  As the movie itself becomes loose, the immersion level decreases, so I can't empathize with the main characters in the drama. a flat piece that is boring in the beginning and middle and makes you laugh in the latter half
5,In fact, Dr. Shirley hired Tony Balleronga as a knight and bodyguard, but he only had one concert during his Southern tour, and most of the film was made without advice or contacting the Shirley family, noting that it was far from the truth
5,I heard that it was based on a true story, but I was so bored that I was sleepy. The piano melody and the acting of the two main characters were good
