잉여들의 히치하이킹
6,It's great that you endured and didn't fight enough to turn your back on.
1,It's such a shallow movie.
1,Hitchhiking is, however, a free ride is theft. What did he proudly make into a movie? I almost died of motion sickness while watching.
1,beggars' hiking What's the point of making a movie about free rides when you're abroad?
1,Why is the guikgfyure boy so harsh on his mouth? What's that?fghhifghyfhifhhj
1,It's not a movie, it's not a documentary.
1,How shallow is a person who doesn't care about others?
1,Oh, it's a bothersome trip. It's uncomfortable
1,I go to Europe without any money, I go hitchhiking without paying, I go around other people's houses, and I go around and eat. You go on a trip without money and you're shamelessly enduring it. This movie makes it so well and it doesn't seem like a good movie. a trip of surplus money
6,People who pretend to be the shovels of surplus in the making of movies and music videos... But I got 6 points because my skills are good
3,Traveling around the world, experiencing homelessness
1,I don't think it's just 10 points just because the title and the content match. Since it was made by amateurs, let's give them a generous evaluation. This logic is completely unreasonable. It's a process. The result is no fun
5,Youngest, keep your mouth shut. I don't know if you've been to the army, but as a broadcasting station person, you shouldn't do broadcasting. A weak person who seems to be complaining a lot like a Korean man. The youngest forgot everything Weak scene that doesn't seem like a broadcaster!
1,I watched it because I like to travel, but it's uncomfortable all the timeI understand that hitchhiking advertisement is enough to cover accommodation, but it's annoying to pay for a train stop and pretend to sleep Looking at the bags and clothes, it's not that I can't buy them. Let's try to be more law-abiding, especially in foreign countries
6,It's sadder that it's a foreign country that recognized them without a single resume
1,Where does the confidence of showing this as a movie come from?
1,I didn't want to hear his voice, so I turned it off.
6,I watched the movie after the rating, and I think there is a bubble in the medicine shop
1,The real surplus goes abroad and does the surplus. I won't be able to see it. I'm sure you're going to get a rating.
1,The screen is dizzy.I've been getting motion sickness the whole time.I feel a sense of realism, but I wish I could show at least my sincerity in the two works.
1,I like the confidence that I can't believe it's a true story, and I'm reckless.
3,Why can't I do it like them?
1,Let's face it with such a high rating.
4,The narration that you want to kill...;;;
1,It's a dog's bum. It's a dog's nuisance. I went to cook and... I'm embarrassed. Actor Sun Yang speaks Korean well
1,It's amazing that it was released in theaters.
1,A better world... The stomachache that I can't do
6,I want to keep walking even if I get blisters because I have a weapon called youth
1,I enjoyed itDocumentary enough to serve as a model for young people.
1,Their own adventures of pure 'surplus' that are all over the place illegally. If you want to be enthusiastic about this movie, you have to forget the right moral and law-abiding consciousness for a while. Even so, I think most people get motion sickness because of the dizzy and distracting composition.
1,As if the part-timers are giving you a rating, what are you talking about? It'll be 3.5 or 4.5
6,Everything is good, but the screen keeps shaking, so I feel dizzy.You've been working hard all day.
1,Don't look at this...
1,I don't think it's a good movie to watch, but is it a movie to recommend to people who are going on a reckless trip?
6,Drama rather than documentary. The situation, which is clearly directed, seems pretentious. The development of boring contents in the order of hardship, opportunity, success (money), internal enthusiasm, and precious friendship, which are common in the growth period of young people, stood out. However, I liked the fact that I was able to satisfy myself by proxy with fresh materials.
1,What is it?
1,I don't think people who travel penniless are the worst
5,You've achieved your dream. It is time to get used to the word nuisance in our society.
3,I don't think it's funny. The narration wasn't like a movie either
5,Movie people like each other. Time is not a surplus.
1,I'm embarrassed to go abroad and look at the country again
1,Your recklessness hurts others.  The bus driver is not guilty of cooking or hitchhiking in the park.Even if the intention is good, the result doesn't matter if the process is dirty.
1,How can I play and eat in a reasonable way?
1,Hojae... Naver download is full. How much is it for you?
1,It's kind of like, it's just below my expectations.
3,... From the concept of wireless travel to the title, it is not my cup of tea.
1,It's not that... Really... not much
1,It was hard... It's my first time to get a rating
1,Defeat of cultural intentions and a film that clearly ignores the basic elements of film. I thought about the reason for the movie the whole time I watched it.
5,The content is good, but it's too hard for people who get motion sickness. A documentary where you can feel the passion of your 20s
2,It's fun, but...The screen was shaking so much that I threw up for the first time in my life Next time, when you shoot a movie, please shoot something that shakes like a steady cameraPlease...
1,It's not fun. Thank you
2,I've never seen such a trash movie before. I think I can make it better than this
2,Well, yeah, well...
