부활: 그 증거
1,
5,I just finished watching the movie.I don't know. After watching the movie, I can't hold onto the Bible and I don't want to pray. After watching the movie, we can sit in a comfortable place, sip coffee, share and discuss what faith is, and have a so-called "cultural life" with religious colors. In church, everyone does that. But when I saw a normal person who was once a teacher in the second half of the movie, the tumor spread to the brain and was in that state, I could only sigh. What is faith? It's really frustrating. What are we praying for and what are we looking for? There are all sorts of theological stories in the movie. But to be honest, No one wants to live like that. I don't want to live like that either. Who can thank in that situation. God and Satan bet in me? So did Job? God believes that I will win? Jesus also suffered death? You have to accept pain to revive? Sometimes, I sigh, thinking that these stories are all just rationalized stories created to overcome the pain of living and be comforted. Rather, I want to believe in the power of science and donate money to scientists, biologists, and medical scientists. It's really frustrating. I'm still young, but I don't know if that day will come to me someday, but I can't live thinking about it. Do you have to die like that? God, I heard that Jesus was responsible for everything and paid for it. You said you can take it as faith. Who asked you to be rich? Did you ask me to be happy forever? Do you have to face death like that when you live faithfully in Jesus and sometimes endure pain? Honestly, sometimes when I hear these stories, I think everything is rationalized. It's hard to accept and I don't understand. It's so frustrating. Is it just me? I think I'll be depressed all day.
1,a re-read film
2,I wanted to hear the discourse of death, but it's too Christian. a virtual Christian missionary film
1,reading
1,It's so boring. I have to watch this for an hour and 40 minutes. It wasn't fun, so I didn't even watch half of it It's such a waste of money
1,You keep insisting it's not a religious movie, but it's just a religious movie. A religious movie with a mask of the genre of life drama.
1,Dog dog is Satan soon
1,Christianity is just self-employed in our country The pastors are sexually exploiting the congregation Korea, the world's most corrupt church holder
1,
1,People who can't communicate... No answer.
1,Christian movie? Huh? Really?
3,I miss my father who died suddenly
1,Eliminate Readings, Eliminate Jesus...
1,Religion is just a fantasy created by humans. just impossible to the old custom that man has made ㅉ
2,The message that Christian resurrection is that essence is sublimated from human belief in God to truth...
6,It's a bummer, but it's not bad
1,Readers' ratings are manipulated and justice is realized
1,Adjusting the rating
1,Six million Jews were killed in Auschwitz with poison gas because Jesus was not resurrected and crucified. (=Holokost)
1,
1,Allahu Akbar!!!
2,It's so much funAll
1,Religions that spread COVID-19 regardless of resurrection or death are no longer faith. It's just a kind of superstition.
1,
2,
6,textbook and clichéd
2,How did this movie get a rating of 10?
1,The rating is too high  a standard originally given about eight
2,-Yeojaeno Daeyanae -Yoojaeno Daebaegi
3,Modern Christians say they like the great theologians of history, such as Augustine, Martin Lloyd-Jones, and Jonathan Edwards, and people who don't match him at all accept him without knowing that he is different. It's not just that reading is a problem, it's not that I'm listening to this or that. It's not that I'm not. It's not that I'm right. It's not that I'm self-centered. It's just a complete theological disappearance. Why do you say "put it down" here?
1,Readers get a perfect score of 10. If I didn't do OO in church, the Corona situation would have calmed down... Oh, no answer. Jesus Christians
2,
1,.Unfair rating Adjustable rating
1,people living on the arrogance of knowing about death
