똥파리
2,I'm annoyed the whole time I watch.   I don't know what I'm talking about for two hours, but I'm going to go from extreme situations to forced characterization to reality zero
6,The director is not good at mumbling.Ryu Seungwan or the director is good at acting
6,The sorrow of a man who cannot sink into the earth, not the poop. "Real Ordinary People's Drama" as it is. It would be nice if the creation was smoother and concise, but it is much more affectionate than the obvious content that pretends to be here and there.
1,I don't know why this movie has such a high rating. After watching it, it's a movie that leaves a bad and dirty feeling
2,Can you relate to this? The police on the street are just nice to the high school girl spitting on the street. How low is that?
1,It's an obvious movie about a man born to a man who acts like a man and then goes to a goal for a man
5,It's just... It's just a dark feast of course.  I don't feel touched.
2,When you look at a man, you have to look at the home environmentHe's his son
1,I really enjoyed myself. (Laughs)
5,Things that we didn't see, or that we didn't want to see, that we could only see at the bottom of The bad remnants of society eventually fester more and more from the inside.
2,I don't know why I watched such a movie. Actually, I didn't watch it, but the title seems like OO
6,Violence begets violence. It's a movie that reproduces what I've heard in the past. Yang Ik-jun's acting is amazing
6,The movie was good, but it was too bad that it wasn't a happy ending.It would've been better if I showed you how I'm doing. I'm so sad
6,2009 Yang Ikjun (18+) > Yang Ikjun, Kim Kkotbi... Applause for realistic realism.
4,the unfortunate and dark side of our society
5,The ending was expected, and I remember Choi Min-sik's movie "Fire" and...Looking at the review, I feel again that all Korean family history cannot be the same.I think there are a lot of people who grew up beautifully...Because of the swear words, I'll get a deduction...^^;
1,I'm spending a lot of money watching it because I heard it's so fun, but I doubt it's a movie that will win an award after 30 minutes. No matter how touching it is at the end, it seems like a third-rate movie. It's a third-rate low-key movie. Does it deserve an award?
1,The only thing I remember is the sea balama
1,I don't know... I can't watch it for more than 30 minutes
3,It is like a Korean movie that gives 10 points to this kind of movie
1,Korean movies are trash that anyone can take
1,Is the subject of independent films always disgusting?
5,Cursing, bad lines, embarrassing to recommend to others,
1,10 characters in a third-rate movie
1,It's not the worst, but there are too many curses
1,The question is a nice deep fantasy that he would be stuck inside struggle of the grief inflicted on Although the words in these atrocities, everybody?A college student, police, the street, police, who hit you right be citizens.But to understand and forgive him?Hammer, head of the face is so good to fit rgyeo, spitting, I wanted to give.The dregs of society isn't mind, you'll be right.
1,Sorry... The movie was fun, but the actor is... If a movie star fails like a movie star, if it's Megall, it's doomed, right?
5,Shame on you that this movie represents Korean sentiment.
1,The movie is interesting, but it's no answer to the fact that you beat two police officers in the beginning and live a normal social life.No matter how much I paid for the murder at the last minute...I think it's only been three years.It's so unrealistic. I'll give you 1 point
1,A movie with more than half of abuse and violence. How can a movie like this describe its workability?The worst movie of my life, Tweet
1,A movie that starts with a curse and ends with a curse
6,It was uncomfortable the whole time I watched it. Do people like him still have humanity? Since it's a movie, it must have infused humanity. Don't create a fantasy. // It's 6 points, plus 1 point for the director's attempt.
1,I hate it. The worst movie of my life
1,It's a shame that the last one ends in vain
5,I don't feel touched by the movie "The Gangster" because of all the domestic violence victims who are questioned why they turned "The Gangster" into an emotional model, and the movie "The Gangster" because he devalues himself by being crushed by the pain
2,What do you mean realistic? Private loan sharks are in big trouble if they lose to people these days. Street vendor service doesn't hit people. And turning the rice bowl upside down is all done by the owners. And then there's a cop-out scene, and it's kind of like a fantasy at this days. Police assault carries the highest level of jail time. I don't know what's real?
3,It's the height of double abuse!greed
4,The acting was good.But if I had expressed a little bit differently the structural contradiction of society and the inheritance of poverty...They seem to be saying that they can never get out of their life as a dung fly after all, so it's just grumpy and uncomfortable.
1,Increasingly, the audience in this country is only bluffing, so it gives great meaning to nothing.
1,It's not fun. I fast-forwarded it in 15 minutes. I'd rather recommend "Dead or Bad" from 2000K
1,Honestly, I don't know why I have to watch this boring and upsetting story for more than two hours. There are many works that express more depressing and crazy stories in an emotional way. It's like a movie that misunderstands that it's just a reality that the elements as a work are missing.
1,Why is the rating so high? I think it's a very overrated movie, I give you 1 point
4,A movie that's not realistic... You can't get arrested for assaulting any police officer or person. K
3,The fun that a provocative topic can give. If you exclude it, what is left of this movie?
1,It is sad that this is the worst movie in my life, and the low quality of the third-rate new drama is still treated as a top movie in Korean society. It's a movie that symbolizes shallow national character. Does it look good if you curse, drag, smash, and squeeze out the darkest scenes?The reality of giving five stars is annoying
6,Looking back, it's a movie that's popular but has nothing left
2,What a bunch of thugs. Don't make excuses for the family, thugs.
1,Stop smoking!
5,It sounds like a good movie, but why are you cursing? I don't understand why people in Korea use bad language. I think it's okay to take good pictures, but I don't understand why people use bad language
1,How can he do that to his dad?
1,I've been watching a movie that makes me want to beat up. I've been watching it all the time. The police are beating around the same neighborhood and swearing in front of the gang. Does this make sense? It's a dung fly. People are getting twisted, but the reality is Andromeda
1,Why is the score so high? I was fooled. Why is acting so awkward?
1,The rating is very high, but it doesn't match me.It's boring all the time, and I don't have any lingering feelings, and I don't like it
1,Half of the script is a curse. More than half of the motion seems to be violence. It was unpleasant the whole time I watched. What movie is this? A dark movie that makes you feel like you're losing your mind.
1,A movie that exhausts my mind. It was unpleasant to watch all of it. For two hours, I held my mother's feet flat on my ears. Half of the script is shit
1,쓰레기 쓰레기 Trash... Stinky story of ugly bottom life. That's the worst
3,I don't think it's a movie that has such a high rating. I enjoyed watching it. But no matter how much I hate my dad, who treats him like that just because he killed a person. The movie only has pure words
1,What a crazy movie!I can't look at it while it's full of curses
1,Why is the movie rated so high? You know the level of netizens in our country짐The father who gave birth to a beast doesn't bite! This movie director, please get a hold of yourselfYou think you've lived long in the dark in the back alley?LOL
1,I remember nothing but curses. The director is not good at acting.
1,You guys are so sentimental.It's an uncomfortable movie from start to finish. 1 point
6,When a new character appeared in the middle, the ending was expected. Even the double track at the end was too obvious Director Yang Ik-jun's acting is so awesome that it's worth watching. It's so obvious that's a bummer
1,It was a pooing movie. The director's pride is puffy
1,What kind of movie is this? Don't pick up the meaning
3,What's this dung flies?
2,Do I have to make a movie like this? Annoying
6,A good movie story is good, and a message is good, too
6,The director was an actor
5,If I watched the preview at school in 2009, it was not fun and touching, but the best movie was just impressive
1,A movie that makes you feel bad...I don't see it at all. Even if I see it for 10 minutes, it's like 같
6,Violence also leads to violence.The perpetrator becomes the victim, the perpetrator becomes the perpetrator.a vicious circle
5,Huh? Why can't I see Jung Woo Sung?
5,The atmosphere of the movie is too dark.
1,What kind of movie is this?I felt dirty the whole time I saw it
4,Everything is good, but there are so many unnecessary swear words. Is it necessary for Korean movies to have no swear words?
1,You're just cursing... It's not touching, it's not fun.
4,It is better for mental health not to watch such movies.
1,I regretted it soon after I saw it.
1,I know what you meant.But I felt dirty when I saw it
1,I don't know what this movie is good about this movie.Please tell me.I'm really curious...
1,It may be a good independent movie, but I get annoyed and angry every time I watch it. That's how I spent my childhood.
4,The content is realistic, but the story is not connected and I could not sympathize with the emotions of the movie.
4,It's worth watching, but it's such a cliche story.
1,I couldn't remember the story at all because I was so sick of watching the movie
3,I shouldn't have just watched it when my friend told me not to
2,I know the meaning of dung fly, but it's irritatingly unrealistic, cursing like it's just a curse ㅜㅜ
1,After the movie, I remember X-ray
1,I was fooled again. wtf
6,I can't help but think of Band-Dubi. It's very common to spread messages
1,I was wondering how you'd end up with a rough video, but it ended up with a terror and a happy ending
1,Aren't you tired of movies about companies that accept money or gangsters? an obvious film plastered with curses
4,Well, it's an annoying movie
2,I'm sorry... It was very boring...30 minutes is too long.
1,It's provocative. It's just a commercial movie under the guise of an independent movie
1,The rating is so good -- LOL
1,I don't think it's 9 points, but... be overly depressedSo it's more realistic.
6,I find happiness not living in such a corner of the house.
5,Too much violence and abuse...There is a disadvantage of boredom
5,a film with few left There are so many swear words like OO. It's realistic but not realistic!
1,Sensational and copycat crimes can occur. It's a bit of a trash movie
1,Ah, this really looks like a dung fly ㅠㅠ
6,It's very uncomfortable to look at.
1,It's fun. The acting is good, too. 1 point for managing the score!
1,What are you going to do with your trash?
6,Sanghoon who sympathizes but doesn't sympathize.
6,There was nothing left, but it was worth watching. The last lesson is like a kindergartener.
1,It doesn't suit my taste.
6,Yang Ik-jun's performance is worth watching, but the movie itself seems to be overrated.
1,It's a movie that people with intellectual disabilities who can't deduce as much as they need to feed themselves.
1,Why Spring?
1,It's not that I didn't make it, but a rating of 7 is enough
6,You're so abusive.It seems more unrealistic.Half of the lines are 18.
1,A bad movie
3,It was so awkward. Cursing and nonsense. I don't think there's anyone like this in my country yet
1,It's weird...
1,How I feel after seeing it through...It's disgusting. I'm throwing up
1,Thanks to you, I drank during the day. Thank you.
1,This is a movie
4,Disgusting movie. It starts with shit and ends with shit
1,It's hard to understand why such a movie is receiving such good reviews. I feel dirty after watching it.
5,I don't know why...
1,Not much movie~ Too much greed~ At least no courtesy to parents~ Nothing left~
6,I guess I still have a low eye for movies. But the acting was just as good as the Blue Dragon Awards.
1,a movie that was unpleasant to watch;;;;
1,a disgusting movie
1,the worst
1,- It's not good.
1,They said to gather up
1,I enjoyed watching it in general.There are some forced scenes.The rating is too high, so I'll have to cut it
1,A trash movie that tries to make people understand that the trash that hits their parents is because of their living environment
1,It's disgusting to watch a stupid movie all the time. The rating guys ruin the director
1,I feel like I just got out of the trash can. It starts with a curse and ends with a curse. It's not fun.
5,I looked forward to the media's praise, but half of the lines are "OOO" too much.
6,I thought I was so sad.
6,a movie made by reality
6,I admit that it was a good independent movie.But bo is vomiting all the time, it's real but not popular enough
2,Is my head abnormal? I was bored the whole time watching this movie.
1,I don't want this movie to have a bad influence on many people. It's a pretty uncomfortable movie.
1,A movie that doesn't feel good starting with a curse and ending with a curse.
5,This is real acting. But it's not fun. A well-made drama?
1,A movie that is not realistic
1,a trash movie like a poo fly
1,.......what kind of honor...
1,I'm really sorry, but... All I've seen in this movie is cursing and cheap acting.
1,It's not that...
1,It's not fun. I wasted my time
4,a very bad movie for mental health
3,A ridiculous story. I don't know what's realistic about this.
4,The story is good and touching... But it starts with a curse and ends with a curse...
4,The audience is so naive.
1,Honestly, this isn't it;;
1,I don't like advocating for a life of crap like a gas station raid.
1,I just don't like swearing.
1,It's worth watching, but it's got a high rating
1,It's a vicious circle. It's too long and boring.
1,Why is this movie rated high? It's a movie that only curses
4,Stimulating language and material, but a familiar weave
1,Kei, trash!
1,the life of a gangster
5,It's a movie that's really like a dung fly. He's just cursing. Well ...
6,It ends up spinning, rotting, rotting and rotting
6,It was a good movie, but there are so many parts to hear bad things about.a disingenuous film
1,This kind of movie... I don't really...
6,He beat the police. Yang Ik-jun is a god in the movie. He can't touch anyone
1,I'm sick of Korean movies that are dog-haired except for gangster, murder, infidelity, cancer, and memory loss
1,The types of people who give 10 points to this movie! Current gangster or bully or unemployed or part-timer or girl
1,Even the title of the song is "Twinkle Twit"
1,I've never seen a movie like this before.A movie that starts with a curse.A movie that was fooled by the ratings of the part-timers
4,I don't know
1,It would be a shame if it ended up as a dung fly, but if there's a sequel beyond that, I'll give Yang absolute support
1,Yang Ik-jun and Lee Hwan. I think they look like that in real life. I enjoyed your daily life.
1,I understand the director's intentions, but it's a disgusting and trashy movie! Throw it away!
3,There is no emotion and no content. a dung fly-like movie
1,It's good to think about social problems, but it's stimulating, violent, vulgar, and cheeky
6,Not really...
1,I turned it off while watching it
1,Oh, my.
3,It feels like I watched "Green Fish". The ratings are too generous compared to the movie ^^
1,It was such an uncomfortable movie to watch that it was a waste of time
6,It's too much to relate to. I'm just a little uncomfortable. It's hard to see
2,It wasn't fun at all and it was uncomfortable. Why is this?
1,I don't recommend it
1,Bubbles, I fell for your rating ㅜㅜ
4,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.-_-;;;
1,This is why I hate Korean movies. Self-sacrifice. The girl's father has to go to a nursing home.
5,I was just wondering why I didn't have much fun
4,Honestly, it's a movie that keeps cursing
6,I don't think the movie is as enjoyable as the rating.
1,Why did you make this into a movie?
6,The level of immersion is great. However, development is not expected from the perspective of the viewer.
6,Is it because the uncomfortable movie is too real?
1,How this movie has such a high rating, it's a movie that just made me confused
1,OOOO gi
6,the glorification of violence; amateurism of unexperienced self-consciousness. unobjective compassion
1,Sliced fly
6,It's more like a drama than a movie
1,It's like an independent movie.I don't think it's more than 8 points.
1,a movie that makes one feel uncomfortable all the time watching abusive language, hitting women, etc
4,Not really...
6,I think Mansik told Youngjae to kill him.At the end, you asked if I saw Sanghoon and I was looking around... K
1,It's a trash movie!
1,No dung fly came out
3,I don't want to recommend it.Half the movie is swearing.The actors' acting is the best.There is something to be desired.But I feel uncomfortable
1,a rubbish movie that's a waste of 1 point
1,I don't know why this movie is 9 points We need to lower the score on the family history of a bully
1,Are you still a gangster movie? Anything else you can't think of? A third-rate trash movie. ㅉ
5,This one has a high rating
1,Honestly, I don't understand why the ratings are so high. - There's not much left but curses
1,It's a trash movie. It's just a dirty curse, and it's like you're not expressive
1,an infamous shameless movie
1,Don't be fooled by the ratings. I frowned the whole time.
1,It's really a part-time job. It's a gangster movie about gangsters
1,All the kids who gave me 10 points are part-time jobs-- if you want to know it's a waste of money, pay me
1,Like someone said, a movie that makes you feel good like a poo fly ^^ LOL
6,The dark reality is too exaggerated.It would've been a good movie if I could express it a little less
1,I don't know why it's in the 9th grade.--;; It's just cursing.
6,There are so many curses
2,He only checks the complexities of low-class life he knows. It's bitter
1,Why is this high rating? What is this? Ju-on is rather touching...
1,However, this movie has a higher rating than Godfather;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
6,If you watch a movie, it's kind of uncomfortable. "I don't like movies like this" story is good
1,Really... Everyone gives me such generous ratings... It was a very unpleasant movie.
1,I stopped watching because I was disgusted by the double-bathing that comes out once a minute.
5,It was a movie that showed a dog-like reality. After watching it, it came out with a bitter heart.
1,Why is the rating so high? Are there a lot of part-timers? Miner's movie. an uncomfortable movie
3,Personally, the rating of 9.24 is amazing. (My soul doesn't know art.)
1,I don't sympathize and I don't have any lingering feelings. But how many times do you have to say Bogey Burley?
1,That's a terrible part-time job. Violent beautification. A crazy director who's got no morality
1,I think the 9-point evaluation is too much.
1,The rating is too much. I feel uncomfortable. I have to kill all the part-timers in Korean movies
1,The movie's lesson: "Internet ratings are unbelievable.It's all word-of-mouth marketing
5,I'll live like that forever
1,It was just like that, but the rating is too high.
1,Boring like an independent movie
1,.Well
1,It wasn't fun
1,The rating is too high
6,I watched it well, but I still don't know what this movie director wants to say.Bitter.
1,About eight points...
1,I downloaded it for free and watched it for 10 minutes and put it in the trash can
1,You don't want me to--
1,It's a total trash movie. My whole life trash.
5,The story is novel and interesting, but the chronic ending problem of Korean movies...
6,The ending... is just like the gangster movies from the 2000s. That's a bummer
1,You're just spewing a lot of course.
1,It's not that
6,It is a movie that uses realistic lessons well, but there are so many curses and boring that it gives 3 stars
1,The independent movie is still working as a gangster movie. It's selling
1,What is it?
1,To be honest, there are so many curses. The character that can't distinguish between hitting and not hitting is strange;;
1,But this is too high...I think 9.1 would be good
6,So what? What do you want me to do?
1,It's poo
1,Why do they say it's good to live forever? Out of all the gradations, gradations!
6,That's better than the movie, but 80% of the lines are bad^^ Let's give him a serious rating
1,I can't believe the internet rating. What... I'm speechless because I'm speechless.
1,It's half the cursing, half the hitting... What do you want me to do? An ignorant movie
1,A movie like a poo fly -_-
6,Was I looking forward to it too much, but it was worth watching
1,You hit your parents, you hit women, you curse like you're eating.Is this the best movie?I'm speechless
1,He's the one who buys his own life of abuse and trash, and he's the one who's blaming his parents for life.I regret it again
1,It's not fun. What is this? It smells like poop
2,You beat someone else up, and eventually you're beaten to death -,.-
6,A mediocre movie that started well, but became less and less immersive
6,To be honest, I did a good job expressing my low life, but...What is it? A little boredom, a little part-time
1,I watched the movie with a rating and a bad reputation.You're like a part-timer at a cafe club. You're so manipulative
4,I'd rather vote for a mean street than see life in a movie like this kind of thing
1,Honestly, it's more than 9 points. It's ridiculous. It's workable, but it's not fun. It's about 7 points
3,LOLI don't know if it's going to end after watching it, but it's a trash movie. It's all about cursing Really
1,Are you a poo fly?
4,I don't care about the story. Why do you make a movie with strange kids?
1,hate, dislike
3,After watching this movie...I don't know why this movie has a high rating.
1,What's that?
1,It's all a mess. The only thing that's right is a story.
1,I think it's too original and aggressive.I don't know anyone.ㅜ I'm sorry
3,It wasn't very interesting.
1,I don't want any more hype.
6,It just looks like it's well made
1,Why is the rating so high?
6,It's like you'really. You have to do a decent job of glorifying garbage
1,It's a good movie, but I think the rating is too high
1,Of course it must be a decent movie, but the 9.29 rating is too generous
1,The whole time I watched it, I was cursed at and the snowflakes...Anyway, Korean movies can't develop without cursing
6,At the end, it was touching and okay, but it would have been better if I refrained from swearing...
1,It's really sloppy.
1,The title is so original.
1,The rating is ridiculous!The actor is abusive and the plot is an unconventional and unpleasant movie
5,It's an independent movie, so the rating is very generous.
1,I watched it on Cook TV.I turned it in the middle...What a waste of money.;;
1,It's not such a bad movie... TZUYU! TZUYU!
4,The actors' realistic acting is good, but it starts with a curse and ends with a curse.
1,It's boring and boring
6,A movie that squeezes the rotting pus out of the reality of our country.
4,I know what you're trying to convey, but...A person who has to make a movie into a movie
1,Whatever the director said, it was uncomfortable to see the violence and reality that I didn't want to believe.
6,What a dog!
1,I'll cut the rating ^^:
1, well
1,Honestly, I saw it well, but I can't accept that this is first place.
1,It's not very realistic
1,Children's favorite extreme bully movie + rating control
2,There's nothing left after a thick cursing.As a director, improve your directing skills rather than acting skills.
1,BAD Accurate Assessment
1,Don't you have a right to be happy at the bottom?It's a movie that's ironic
1,Who are you to beat two cops indiscriminately, beat dozens of people?
1,Good, good...
1,좋다
6,Although it is an independent film, the ending does not deviate from the existing obvious noir formula.
1,The title of this song is
6,It's a story that's easy to get into the movie, like I've seen it somewhere
1,Extreme, extreme, extreme.
1,Yes?
1,A movie that pretends to be cool...Only curses are coming out so much.
1,It's not that interesting.; As expected, I'm kind of sad
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
1,What is it? A movie that I've never heard of
1,As it says, "Wow..."
1,I don't know why this has a high rating.;
1,I'm disappointed
1,You're in first place in terms of ratings. I should lower it
1,Shut up, trash movie!
4,I just watched it;;; it was a little bit more about the mean street and the family
1,I've glorified the protagonist to sympathize with him, but I can't stand the fact that violence calls violence
1,That's not a good rating
1,Why is this... 9 points... not popular at all.Is it the birth of a mania movie?
2,You're wrong
1,Eight points would be enough.It's a bit old-fashioned, but it's a lot of swear words.Acting is excellent.
5,It's just...
1,Let's not go overboard. 7.5 points is enough
1,I personally don't like it
6,SOS emergency dispatch [theater version]
1,Smells like poop
1,Cursing and hitting. The end
2,Why should Korean movies be so abusive? I felt dirty after watching it.
1,Too much violence. Coffee's too sweet
1,There's no movie content, and I can only think of curses from beginning to end.It's weird that there are a lot of recommendations
1,Just a OOO movie in the back alley
5,It's fun, but 9 points is a bit...
1,What is this?
3,90% of the abuse and violence. If the past is dark, can I just live? I see the essence of a crazy family.
1,What's so touching? What part of the movie is so touching?
5,I'm acting out the obvious story
6,The composition is poor, and it reminds me of spring, summer, fall, and winter.And there was no need to curse
1,If you want something real, you can live as a gangster.
1,I don't like it when it's dull and uncomfortable, and the rating right now is ridiculous
5,What is this? To be honest, it's not this bad.
1,It was really bad. A movie that made me frown
1,Scathing movies with family members
1,Honestly, it's just a movie that's too dark
1,Dung fly is number one
1,Common Materials
1,The rating is too high. Six to seven is enough
1,Don't get caught in the ratings
1,Don't look
1,It's a very common movie. I'm not impressed. I don't like acting.
1,Personally, I think I should give you 5 points. 언론 언론 It's too high for media play.
1,The equilibrium is too high. Unbelievable
1,Are you kidding me? Did only middle and high school students watch this?This movie?
1,It doesn't make sense that this is the number one movie out of all movies
6,It was fun/moved/but would this movie have come out if it had been cut in half?
6,The message of revenge, which emphasizes the importance of home education, is also conveyed
5,The message is good, but it's a curse from start to finishIt's reflective and extreme, and it's not good for your family
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Cursing from start to finish...What is this?
2,Are they all part-timers?
1,It's poop
1,I recommend it to children
1,Coach Shikiya~ Sang Hoon is pathetic, so it's 1 point. I'll give you 10 points if you make it into a director's version
6,What do you feel?
1,Arai! It's XX, WOOYA
1,Well
3,Oh, that's so boring -- the beatings of parents and children have to die
5,Will it be a good movie if I write good actors when my acting skills are a little low?
5,Literally, the background of the birth of a bully and the birth of a new bully.
1,Honestly, it's not that funny... It's a bit...
1,It's a movie that has nothing but curses, lungs, and cigarettes. the director's lack of acting
6,There were so many swear words!!! Violence is not forgiven by anything I was tricked by the rating
6,It was all good, but at the end,
1,I like the title
1,Did I watch it for 5 minutes? I turned it off and deleted it As expected, Korean movies are OOO-_-
6,Ah, but... curse is everything. It's a bit...Yeah, I don't really...
1,The content is 7 points, but if you've been displeased with the 80 percent curse, what will the kids learn?
1,A movie that plays a joke on the audience with children.
1,As expected, the independent movie is crazy
6,a vicious circle of violence
1,I'm not as good as a seventh-degree civil servant
6,It's not a movie that will give you 10 points. Just 6 points? It's real, but it's hard to find a meaning
1,I've never seen a movie with headphones on because I was embarrassed
5,The sheer coincidence and lack of cliché and acting skills must be addressed.Director Yang, fighting!
1,Fluffy, dirty, pretentious lumps
6,It feels like a crazy drama, but I like things like this
6,Other films are woven around;;; excessive sympathetic production is erratic
6,An ugly dung fly one-man show with a terrible fate and poverty and pain! It's boring.
1,1 point... No... 0.1 point...
3,This distinction between ratings;;;;
1,It's really not fun. It's a bad movie
1,Cursing is a bit
1,I swear at my sister for years, my father called me "S.Num," and I swear at my high school girl
1,an abusive movie
1,From start to finish, it's uncomfortable to listen to, and it's full of ugly scenes...
6,The destruction that continues to shoot down, I admit, but it's a shame how to build what's broken
6,Did he have to put it in a bowl like this? I almost cut my hand while holding the bowl.
6,The ending is in vain
1,There are honest people, so I don't think the future of Korean movies is that dark
6,A good movie... But what the media made for me
2,Exaggerated press and masterpiece by a good marketer. I'm disappointed by the cliche story
1,99 percent of movies that are like real poo flies, swear words and violence. I just built up my stress
5,Disgusting but painstakingly admiring consistency, the human theater that has lost consistency and become a movie
2,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it.I'm not disappointed, I'm not complete.The power of the press!
2,A movie with a lot of expectations and disappointment. Individual evaluations...
4,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,The movie is like a poo fly!I asked my friends to see me, but they said they fell asleep and got cursed at
1,No more justification
1,It's just that it wasn't fun... I'm good at acting, but...
1,I didn't expect it, but I wasn't moved. It was a waste of money and time
5,Draw a dung fly as mean and mean as a dung fly
1,You live like that because of your pain? Don't justify it. That's a human smell? You're making me laughable
1,I went to the movie theater because the rating was so good. It's a trash movie
1,Why is it so popular when there are so many low-grade expressions and swear words?The movie that lacks a lot of reality. Don earlier.T
1,There's nothing about it except cursing, but if you change your mind, you'll die. It's just a dead person. It feels like this
6,The content is so obvious.....................
1,It's a movie that only curses from beginning to end... I feel like I've been cursed at for the rest of my life.
1,Why is this movie that only curses? Why is the rating so high?I was bored to death
1,A movie full of swear words and violence. deemed inappropriate to be seen with a lover or family member
3,A movie full of swear words and violence. I think it's inappropriate to watch with your lover or family.
1,A real trash movie. There are no lines and it's all cursing. a gruesomely distasteful movie
1,It's not my job.In a word, it's low.a distasteful movie
6,As expected, when emotions build up and explode, it hurts others and it hurts me too
6,It's less likely...Why are you suddenly hitting me with a hammer?
1,I know you're acting, but it's like you've heard all the bad things you've never heard in your life, and you're seen as a family member or a lover
1,There is no reason to judge a movie in particular sympathetic way. an old-fashioned and low-quality film.
5,- "Independent Movie." If you watch it without the premium of title... - It's just normalI think it's a trick.
1,This is the story of Ahn Taemin.
1,No one's honest. A movie that takes more than two hours of running time to catch a sigh and a watch
1,It starts with a curse and ends with a curse, and when you watch it, it's a dirty movie, and the obvious ending
1,Foreigners will think that this kind of movie is Korean
6,an excess of emotion
1,A very bad movie for mental health!  OOO movie that ends with swearing.
1,It's been a long time since I've spent two hours watching a movie. A huge dung-like film.
4,I don't know if you've shown your family a different perspective, but it's disappointing in terms of completeness.
1,Is it a part-time job rating? It's a really bad movie. It's such a waste of votes
1,It's too much
1,I don't really...
6,I don't know if it's fun. It's not a killing time movie. It's more realistic
1,It's really soggy
1,May you be welcomed only in the dark. I don't want to watch it because it's not a movie made to watch.
3,You made a good movie. It's realistic and burdensome like a documentary, not a movie.
3,I was tricked by the rating ㅠㅠ I don't like it
5,There's a lot of abuse going on...Extreme depression...
1,Starting with a curse and ending with a curseEveryone left in the middle. Why is the rating low?
3,"In less fortunate families, dung flies are born and die." Parents lose, people lose, swear, die
1,How much is the advertising fee?
1,Thrack
1,ㅈ There is no 없 없.
1,There are so many places to use. Just thinking about getting a civil servant and getting a widow in the neighborhood is trash!
1,There are so many part-timers.LOL It hasn't even been released yet. Why are there so many reviews?
1,Ana Albamons -ㅅ-
3,I was watching and came out in the middle.
1,No thanks.
1,That's not fun.
1,You're the best part-timer.
1,I know. Why are there so many part-timers?
1,There's a lot of part-time jobs.-ㅡ
