주전장
10,Taro Aso, the epitome of a typical devil. It's a maggot that hits the sky.
7,The fact that the Japanese covered Japanese Military Sexual Slavery alone seems to be a good documentary that deserves a high rating, but Yoon Mi-hyang scored three stars. I can't believe the smell of yoonmi is coming out.
10,It was amazing because he was a Japanese coach, and it was possible because he was a Japanese coach.
10,It is absurd to hear that China will help our country about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery. China says everything in our country is theirs now. Even Japanese Military Sexual Slavery?There are Koreans in the video, but most of them are Japanese.I felt that more Japanese people knew the truth than I thought, and I think there are people who can't talk like NHK forcibly by the government.Why the LDP is in power for a long time. I think I know why many Japanese vote for the Liberal Democratic Party.Few children would want their father to be labeled a sinner.Germany apologized. Was it something that had to be done to survive in Europe? Apology seems easy but difficult.We often see many celebrities not apologizing properly.Although it was the opposite side among those who were paid to others, who exercised their right to remain silent or did not know, the impact of the woman who realized the fact and interviewed was great.The contents of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery will disappear in textbooks, so more and more Japanese will know nothing.Previously, Japanese Military Sexual Slavery was included in textbooks, but the U.S. removed it from textbooks for the LDP's power and quickly reconciled us and Japan without an apology to Japanese Military Sexual Slavery grandmothers to keep China in check.No matter how many people or how old they are, it remains the same that they are forced.At the end of the coach's words, it would have been more regrettable for Japanese women if they had asked the Japanese audience to "get dragged" from "do you want to fight" to "do you want to be dragged" including both men and women.The truth is hard to hide.Even if the Japanese incinerated the evidence. Even if we delete it from the textbook, I think more and more wise Japanese will question us like a director when we continue to talk, the statue of a girl continues to be built, and the people who block us are desperate.The honest review is in the nine-point range, but I hope many people will see it.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Starting with grandmother Kim Hak-soon, the first witness, they gradually check the facts as they list the stories of Korea and Japan, and later explain the context of Japanese right-wing, militarists, and imperialists. I wanted to beat all the extreme right-wing figures in Japan, but thank you for making such a fact-hitting movie.
10,My tears are blocking my eyes crying
1,A movie that I can't relate to because of Yoon Mihyang
1,A documentary about Yoon Mihyang's anger. A documentary about the Nanjing massacre
1,I can't believe my GPA.
10,If you're Korean, I hope you watch it
10,In the modern era of cooperation and continuing exchanges with Japan, I thought deeply about what I should know and not forget as a Korean. A must-see movie.
10,I was surprised at first The director is Japanese, but the movie is so good I'm sorry to the director, but I'm Japanese, so I thought this movie could be manipulated, but I was wrong Even though it wasn't a hit, it was better than Marvel movies for me Director, I'm sorry one more time. Of course, Koreans need to watch this movie, but I hope Japan will come to its senses after watching this
10,Is it Japan or religion that we are fighting? Youngho who suddenly gets dizzy
10,
10,I thought there was a documentary movie like this
10,
9,Seeing Yoon Mi-hyang's face makes me as happy as seeing Japan's right-wing face.Why Japanese right-wingers were so able to know their position on Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, and there is no future for a people who have forgotten history.
9,I hope that a talented director like Bong Joon-ho will make a movie about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery into a masterpiece like "Schindler's List" to win an Academy Award and make people around the world, including Japan, watch it.
10,a main battlefield
10,
10,
10,Darkness cannot beat light I will never forget their pain and anger
10,I think Japan is socialism in a sense
10,Japan's right-leaning situation is really serious
10,Make sure to watch it. Really. Japanese rightists are sociopaths. It's creepy. It's meticulous and scary.  That's absurd. And I really hate to see the Japanese pretend not to know algo.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I've come to think more deeply about the problem. I hope a lot of people can see it.
10,There's no way to express it all, so I save my words
10,He's really something. You would have expected a lot of losses from filming, but you did it.It's a truth that all Koreans know well, so maybe it doesn't contain a lot of content? You might think that, but... I think it took a lot of time and effort to become a third party and maintain an objective attitude and reach the final conclusion. You may be threatened by the Japanese right-wing forces, but I hope you endure it well and make a better work. I'm rooting for you!
10,I would like to pay my respects to Director Mickey Dezaki for recording this difficult story in a broad and objective way. I think the more I get to know, the more disgusting the right-wingers who are now in power in Japan. I was really upset when I interviewed the head of the Japan Conference.
10,An objective and cool documentary
1,A mixture of truth and fiction is worthless as a documentary. Emotional Leftists or Foolish Human Self-Defense Fiction Familiar with the Taming of Kim Il-sung in the Anti-Japanese and Anti-American States
1,a scent of polished with rice
10,
10,It's the best. The tip of my nose is choking up. I hope there will be a day when we don't have to worry about this problem. I'm ashamed that I've just seen such a masterpiece. If Japan apologized as soon as possible and found rest, I feel sorry for the way they are running wild these days. Grandmothers suffer because we can't get it together. Let's remember!Ps. Some Japanese have found rest The self-proclaimed sociologist is scary Japan still has an ambition to colonize us. Japan will show its teeth as soon as it sees a gap
10,Human rights through false historical recognition.A documentary where you can think about equality, war, and peace. I hope people all over the world will see and realize this.
10,The past... The truth! What kind of mercy is there for the politicians who lead Japan to cover up and lie without trying to be forgiven...Isn't it scary to act and talk like that? How am I supposed to receive all that crime?
10,
10,It's a movie that made me realize that the Japanese people are idiots. Japan's right wing, united with a twisted sense of inferiority...I believe that
10,It's really upsetting and ridiculous, but we have to know and let them know a lot Please re-release it
10,Best movie ever
1,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryWhy are you selling the scent of Yoon Mi?
10,Many of these movies are made, and people all over the world should know. You are the true Japanese American!
10,
10,
10,
10,Thank you to everyone who made the movie and helped produce it! I hope to be known all over the world!
9,A realistic documentary showing the terrifying war drive of Japanese politicians that is going on and that is going to happen... Those who don't admit wrong in the past and try to gain power by war again.
10,I didn't even know there was a movie like this. ㅜㅜ Released in theaters around the world. I hope it's widely known.
10,I'm sorry to hear that.Let's just shout world wideI feel like I'm rotting inside.
10,
10,
10,
10,
1,I would like to express my condolences to those who suffered from Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, were used in their own country, and were betrayed.
10,It was hard to watch it until the end when it went over half. It's a movie that Koreans can't stand until the end. Because the sounds of Nipongjin's history manipulators were so disgusting and abominable that it was hard to endure and listen to... A movie that I hope will be widely watched by non-Korean foreigners.
10,A great documentary showing the fundamental nature of the Japanese people. It may be an advanced country on the surface, but it is nothing more than an ugly country trying to somehow wrap up its low national self-esteem with manipulation and distortion.
1,Jeong Daehyup's bare face was revealed by Lee Yongsoo's revelation
1,Not funny at all right
10,
10,The world needs to see this!
10,Let's be sure to remember.
1,Japanese people have different perspectives.
10,Oh no... Why soup? Why soup...
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problems from the perspective of Japanese Americans.
10,
10,A movie that Korean and Japanese people in the world should watch!
10,I hope you do it on TV, too
1,Moon Bba's anti-Japanese madness... There's no end to it.
1,That's too much
10,A movie that everyone in the world should watch!
10,Shouldn't movies like this be on public TV? Don't show me a lame entertainment movie...
10,Human rights come before the state.It's like a country.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The reason to cover up the problem was for the rebirth of Japanese imperialism!!!
8,The reality and the movie are both hopeless. Justice for the victims should be set right as soon as possible.
10,It's a must-see movie. I never regret it.
10,The movie that brought me to my senses!It's a movie that we should all watch, a movie where we can see their shameless folk day!
10,A must-see movie for the truth
10,Japan, the atrocities of your Japanese people will never be forgotten. May you suffer and live forever.
10,A must-see movie...
10,Let's not forget the history of humiliation
10,
10,I was really surprised when I saw it on SBS. I look at it from a cold perspective, but I tried really hard to film and show a neutral position. And if it's shown again, I'd like to see it in person.
10,I am somewhat familiar with Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryI thought about it, but I was so ignorant. This video should be viewed by anyone, not because they are Korean.
10,I can't believe itI realized once again that Japan has no futureI just want to show it to the Japanese
7,I look forward to Mickey Dezaki's next work.
10,
10,I want to show the kids, but I can't book and download them.
10,I am ashamed and regret that I learned Japanese The ending of the movie is just goosebumps
10,Applause for doing what we couldn't do
8,You worked really hard for a Japanese person I wish every woman in the house who denies Japanese Military Sexual Slavery would be molested on the street. Even a brief sexual harassment is a lifelong memory, not to mention mass rape, isn't it? A woman goes to trial for touching her butt once at a beef bone soup restaurant. It is shameful that Japan is a descendant of Baekje.
10,It's a movie that native Japanese punks should watch. I can feel what kind of country Japan is. I made it well
9,Let's never turn a blind eye to it and fight it out
10,I hope a lot of people saw it. ㅠㅠI pressed empathy for the person who gave me a rating without knowing, but it can't be canceled? --;;;
10,I was going to see it because I thought it was the kettle where Shim Eun-kyung comes out, but when I opened it, it was different;;; I was a little flustered. But I enjoyed it. I didn't know it was about this. So I was angry and a little sad the whole time I saw it.I feel sick to see some citizens who insult and mock the victims by saying that they have erased all the evidence and that the testimony is not consistent and cannot be accepted as testimony.
10,
10,China, an island country that will someday revise its constitution and invade the Korean Peninsula again, wants to be an island country or Shabashaba even after seeing that, and the back of its head seems to be scared.
10,The Japanese right wing and the Korean self-supporting party are doing the same thing.
10,
10,
10,Please upload some VODsㅠㅠㅠㅠ Please
10,As a Korean, I haven't understood what's wrong with Japan for 30 years, but it's amazing that it's easy to understand at one go. I hope the Japanese people will be more interested in politics and live in a better society. In addition, many Koreans, especially if you feel that you are a true conservative, I hope you watch this movie.
8,
10,
10,A film that lists the arguments of both sides and shows how illogical the few are
10,It should be aired instead of 9 o'clock news in Japan.
8,A movie that tells lies to hide them
10,I'm watching this on TV. I hope there's a commercial for this kind of movie on TV
10,Yes, that's right. Objectively, I think it's good. It should be aired in Japan
1,This movie has such high ratings for anti-Japanese sentiment
9,It may not be sympathetic to Japanese revisionists and negatives, but the director seems to have tried to stick to the objective facts.
10,
10,뜻 좋은.
10,I hope it spreads widely
7,The universe is a rock mass
10,I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,Koreans learn "Lie is bad" first
1,With Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, North Korea's nuclear weapons program, the government is making all sorts of mistakes.North Korea and South Korea are no different. Japanese Military Sexual Slaverysniffing neighboring countries
10,
10,I recommend this kind of movie. If we have more than 10 million hearts, won't our country become one of the developed countries?
10,Thank you director for making this documentary.There must be a lot of people in our country who have lost their sense, but let's not forget history.And don't just absorb the information. I'll judge the facts.
10,Recently, I've been recommending documentaries called "Main Battlegrounds" to everyone I meet It is a movie that contains different arguments from Japan and neighboring countries from the American perspective of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery. Japan. To be exact, it describes the grounds for the historical revisionists' claims, the facts that refute them, and the victims' claims by dividing them into controversial sections. It was impressive to see a more balanced view of the two countries' claims of coercion, compensation, interpretation of the times, and their position of maintaining friendly relations with the U.S. in the compensation section, especially when the U.S. apologized in 2015 after the U.S. At the time of SBS, I watched it from the middle, but the more I watched it, the more I became curious about the director. Why did the American become so persistent in such dangerous things? I saw the whole thing again today and knew there was a complete twist. The director is Japanese-American. It was not designed to take sides with anyone, but to counteract the fact that the Japanese government is pushing a biased historical consciousness on the people. And it seemed that what we could do, albeit faintly, was to remember this correctly and keep our honor so that the victim's grandmothers wouldn't be harmed. So to me, the main battlefield has become a movie that I will watch twice and three times
10,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryNot only that, but also a video that looks at the issues surrounding Korea and Japan from the American perspective. When criticizing the comments of the far-rightists, the video editing technique was very impressive, showing how distorted their claims were by simultaneously showing the past remarks of the far-rightists, not the director's own narration.
9,
10,I wanted to kill that foreigner all the time.
10,
10,A good movie, a must-see movie, a movie documentary to remember
9,Thank you, director ~~ Thanks to SBS, I enjoyed it
10,Human rights issues in the world beyond Korea-Japan relations. No Abe
10,Japan... where did that pseudo mentality come from? Now it's kind of creepy
10,The movie that made me feel thankful about how democratic our country is
8,I also saw Korea in the revisionism of Japanese history revisionism  illogical scum that denies the essence of what is and calls one's reasoning and imagination process justice
7,Both sides admit that the Japanese Military Sexual Slaverys made a lot of money at that time. Whether it's free will or not... My daughter told me Japanese Military Sexual Slavery was kidnapped and didn't get any money from sexual slavery. It's a complete lie
10,
10,I saw it twice. The more I went back, the more I was shocked and scared. I never imagined it would be like this.
1,It's a waste of a point. an anti-Japanese incitement film
9,If you want to know the true nature of Japan's right wing, look.
10,I made it well.
10,I started watching because I was curious about what the Japanese extreme rightists were thinking.It is a pity that they have no intention of listening to other people's opinions, and that Japan is superior to any other country (except the United States and some Western countries), and even teaches young Japanese the dangerous idea that the state should not apologize at all. Whether it is a country or a person, it can only be developed by acknowledging and correcting wrongdoing. Otherwise, you will continue to make excuses for mistakes and spend wasted time proving them, not mistakes.
10,
10,Amazing movie. There were a lot of things I didn't know and the storytelling was perfect.
10,
9,I would like to highly appreciate the sincerity and skills of the director, who made the documentary very balanced with a topic that actually works hard. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The fundamental differences between Korea, Japan, and the United States were well revealed over the issue. Japan's right wing is organized, brazen and meticulous because it meets the needs of American hegemony. In particular, the far-right Kokukawai Toad's view, which appears in the second half, strongly reminds Koreans of 100 years ago, and I think the implications are very great at this point. I'm just one of the ordinary people, but I wonder how to deal with them I bought this movie first. (This decision, of course, has many implications.)
10,The idea that there are awake people in Japan and my level of knowledge as a Korean was pathetic. Thank you for making a good video Director Mickey Dezaki.
10,It's a good movie I'd like to see the kids at least once
10,Covering the sky with your palm
10,I watched it twice at the theater and saw it aired on SBS. As expected, it was well made! You have to use it as a textbook in school~~
10,It's like a movie. Thank you I hope a lot of Japanese people watched it, too.
10,When a Japanese x said in an interview, "Korea is only boycotting things in the easiest way because it can't make things well," blood seemed to be rising. Yeah, I'll boycott it until the end. You don't know how loud a small silent movement can be.
10,It's worth watching in a documentary film You don't have to stay away from Japan You have to distinguish yourself from AbeI know it's hard, but I hope you get an apology
10,It's a documentary that many people should watch. They think differently from us, and the Japanese who came out last are ridiculous. I think North Korea and Japan are no different from instilling ideas and not teaching facts and fearing that the truth will be revealed. A ridiculous country where the lies that just shove into its head will be true.
10,I solved it well in a detailed way
10,
10,a well-made documentary from the perspective of a third party
10,
10,I support some intelligent people with a conscience
10,I thought you were white because you said you were American, but you're Japanese-American.I could feel that he was really concerned about Japan. Looking at this documentary, what kind of power does the transmission of beliefs and beliefs of the leaders of the country, the heads of companies, and the parents of families create the future? I've come to think about it.
10,From an American's objective point of view, it tells us the cause of the conflicting stance between Korea and Japan on the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue.It's refreshing to see the background after repeatedly boiling inside.The biggest shock is that the Japanese are brainwashed as a war-winning nation The reason why Japan's press freedom index plunged from 11th to 70th is no different from Korea's past
10,Miki Dezaki You are a true hero.I respect.
10,This atrocity of Japanese imperialism must be known all over the world.
10,After seeing this, I realized how bloody the countries that suffered from one conscientious state that distorted history are... I hope this movie will spread widely. I hope you don't just think about the interests of your own people.
7,1. Is our perception based on the truth or the truth and history that depend on the interpretation and belief? Can I be free from this problem? 2. Korea's conservative government, which is horrifically overlapping with Japan's right wing. The scenery of Japanese society that resembles Korean society and decalcomanie.
10,It's cool. It's a movie I want to watch again
10,I was going to watch it at the theater, but I didn't watch it. There are a lot of movies like this.I'm supposed to let you off the hook. Thanks to Mickey, I was very grateful to learn about the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue and the Japanese society in detail
10,A movie that shows the cause of the conflict between Korea and Japan!Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryThe movie focuses on but gives you a good idea of the lies, distortion of history, and why of the fascist delusional Japanese ruling class!!! Make sure to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,I didn't want to know the details because it's a painful history, but I'm thankful that I can see it. I fabricate historical facts and if I don't admit it, I'm regressingLike the Japanese right wing
10,You're a great director. Really, thumbs up!
10,logical opinion and admiration for the director's courage.It was good to counterattack with the same facts of Japanese American experts as the logic of the far right in Japan and the U.S. And lefty trolls, this is a Japanese-American movie, not ours
10,
10,
10,I saw this movie on TV today without knowing if it was released. After watching this movie, I hope this Abe administration will last for a long time. It's in my 20 year wish
10,Why don't you post this on CGV or Megabox?
10,I realize how scary a biased view is. Japan's future looks bleak because of the perspective of its ruling class. I am lucky that I was not born in Japan. I hope the Japanese people have a good sense of history. It's like a dictatorship right now.
10,
10,I'm sorry and sorry for not being a big help as a Korean citizen.
10,Whenever I saw content about uncomfortable topics, I honestly felt like avoiding it. The movie "Masterpiece" that I happened to see while changing channels was also one of the movies that dealt with that theme. At first, I couldn't change the channel, so I watched it, but later I immersed myself in the middle advertisement. The appreciation after watching is that I have no regrets about seeing this. I would like to thank the director for solving sensitive topics well.
10,I'm so angryTraveling to countries like this and buying goods until Japan disappears!I'm angry!
10,Wow, I finally saw it. I knew it was airing by chance, and I couldn't breathe because of the deep pain. Why do I keep thinking of the Jahan Party? Distortion of textbooks, media, and interviews under the background of the U.S. and Japanese flags. It's so similar to the Jahan Party stance This movie!
10,We have to remember.
10,I believe that the day will come when the truth of history is revealed
10,A good movie to watch on the first day of the year. I hope the previous lies will be cleared up and real results will come out, and more people will remember the truth from now on. I hope those who hide in lies will change
10,The pig in the representative meeting is really a total translation.I think you're a kidThank you, director.Thank you for your hard work.
10,I watched a movie on SBS that I should have paid for. Rather, the fact that Americans filmed the movie with an objective perspective enhances the credibility of the documentary. How can lies embrace those who cannot withstand common sense? It is frustrating to see that there are the same people in Korea, not the right-wing of Japan.
10,Why didn't I go to the movie theater and watch it? It was hard because I was so angry the whole time. I was really deaf to the statement that the state does not apologize for any wrongdoing. Japan, which does not see history correctly and distorts it, will one day pay the equivalent price.Thank you for organizing this show during the prime time of the year
10,I saw the bare faces of those who distort the truth.
10,It's a must-see movie
1,It's a left-wing movie that encourages anti-Japanese sentiment. Last year, the year of production, as well as the current time.Why is it being stretched out only by Japan without saying a word to North Korea, which threatens our security?It's a waste of a single point
10,
10,It's a problem that I couldn't face because I was heartbroken, but it's a must-see movie to protect me and my family
10,I happened to see it on TV. It's my first time writing reviews and ratings after watching a movie. Thank you for letting us know that it's so precious
9,I happened to watch it, but I'm so thankful for this movie
10,
10,I feel shy after watching a movie made by an American Japanese.A movie that makes me hate being ignorant
10,If you're a Korean, you should watch it. Do three shows on SBS
10,
10,What are our politicians doing?
10,A movie you have to watch. Don't mistake it for knowing it. Things to remember forever, even after the moment of reconciliation and a sincere apology, which is shameful and cannot be avoided.
10,Let's do it again.Korean directors, let's be shy.All the time, the police, the prosecution.Just the ones that come out. Don't do that
8,Japan is really crazy
10,A documentary movie that I really wanted to see. A movie that clearly shows the level of Japanese extreme right and Abe's perception of modern history, especially during the Japanese colonial period. Japan is completely different from Germany, where the prime minister kneels down to apologize and still reflects on the Nazis with textbooks. You can find out where the reason is through this movie. Japan doesn't have to hate all the Japanese people, but it's at least a movie that gives Japanese far-right politicians and far-right historians a reason to hate for life
10,No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Japan
10,Japan seems to be in a pseudo situation now. In the beginning, I was angry and angry, but as I went to the second half, I remembered the drama 'Save me'.
10,I didn't know such a good movie. I'm glad to see it Thank you very much for this movie director. It is very important to know history right awayI hope many people watch it
10,Why didn't I even know that this documentary existed when I happened to see it on SBS? It's more shocking than I thought to actually hear the stories of right-wingers who've only been exposed to news and articles. I think it should be widely screened along with the documentary 'Kim Bok-dong'. What's fortunate is that we're doing it on public TV The main field is on top of the real-time search keyword. I hope a lot of people will watch it.
10,A movie that all Koreans and Japanese must watch!
10,An excellent documentary that shows the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue, which can be biased to one side, from various perspectives through interviews with historians, politicians, social activists, war participants, etc. of Korea, the United States, Japan, and other countries that were invaded Outstanding directing is the best!
10,You have to be strong.Until you speak up.
10,
10,
10,It is a documentary that analyzes and accuses Japanese rightists of anger from an objective perspective, not because they are Koreans, but because they respect human rights.
10,I watched it on SBS If it hadn't been aired on terrestrial broadcasting, I wouldn't have known such an important movie forever. Everyone who confronts the truth, fighting!
10,Wow, I happened to see it on SBS and I got goosebumps.
10,
10,
10,
10,When I saw the ending credits after the movie, it was a collaboration between Korea, the U.S., and Japan. I am ashamed of myself for not seeing such a meaningful movie in the theater.
10,Is this really allowed in theaters?You have to let me watch a lot of movies like thisI understand why Japanese people are so brazen.
10,We really need to win. Japan...Ha
10,A documentary dealing with Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issues with a very objective view of Japanese Americans. I saw it at the theater, but it's so nice to see it again on public TV. I feel that there are many true intellectuals in Japan who want to admit what they have to admit and fight... I think we should continue to interact with them, defend logically against right-wing attacks and spread their fiction.
10,
10,I thank the director for making and watching such a meaningful movie.Will there ever be a day when Japan sincerely regrets and apologizes? If you look at Japan's progress now, I think it's a very, very distant future.
10,
10,A well-made documentary that makes us sad and angry. A simple commentary on the history that we must face
10,I just turned the channel and I got angry and then I got goosebumps and goosebumps because I didn't get to watch it from the beginning, so I should watch it again, but I think it's a must-see movie.I really like what the broadcasting company did for me, but I think there should be more opportunities to see these movies in theaters.It's unfortunate. The title that I heard for the first time today...
10,I want Japanese people to watch movies that I want to know and let people know
10,The Story of the Japanese sexual slavery from a Third Party's Point of View! Thank you for the special movie. I hope many people watch it
10,I hope many people will watch this movie and talk about it. How brutally and persistently Japan is erasing their past.
10,
10,The present continuous and prepared future armed with Japanese cruelty and brazenness, past and present
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It was a useful movie that I could understand more about the problem.
10,Heartbreaking history ㅠㅠ As I get older, I think that humans are too selfish and believe only what they want to believe...
10,I hope it's released worldwideYou really made it well! Because it shows the truth objectively, Koreans must see it, and Japanese and people all over the world must see it.
10,Casheidoshi? Korea is a cute country like a disobedient child? I really wanted to go find him and kill him.
10,Thank you for telling me the truth.  Why are you only denying Japan or Abe when you're telling the truth? Poor Japan. Come out to the world. Don't be ridiculed
10,When I heard what they thought of us openly, I felt like my blood was pumping backwards.Are people in their right minds who made a Korea-Japan agreement with those people like that?As a citizen, I thought I should do something.
10,Abe Is More Dangerous Than Kim Jong Un Japanese people who are worse off than North Koreans. Abe is too dangerous. What Abe is going to do in the end will be war, and eventually nuclear weapons will fall on Hiroshima again.
10,Thank you for taking courage and making a movie.
10,
10,If you're a person, please watch it It's my favorite movie
10,It wasn't just a piece of art that made us feel that the inside of a human being was so much influenced by education and the environment in which society was created
10,I enjoyed it. SBS, thank you
10,It neatly solved the relationships that began with the question of why, and the background interests of the national, territorial, and times. The LDP's self-righteousness is so similar that it only smiles. Thank you, director. It's so frustrating right now, but as a girl statue represents hope, one day it will be just
10,Last time, I didn't see it because the screening period was not long, but I knew that I had to do it in a balanced perspective, constant communication, and various contexts in dealing with and claiming social problems.
10,A movie that I want everyone to watch regardless of Korean or Japanese. Against all discrimination and prejudice.
10,There are signs of trying to see from an objective point of view.
10,There is no future for a nation and a country that has forgotten history.
10,I watched it on SBS. I'm so touched that the public network started broadcasting on New Year's Day. It wouldn't have been easy to decide. It was a new feeling for me, who was a guardian of Girls' Generation. Thank you very much.
10,
10,Japan playing with Abe is really amazing
10,I happened to see it and it was really... I'm so angry. The revisionists' comments, too
10,
10,The existence of the movie itself is meaningful.
10,Wow, my hands are shaking after seeing everything
10,I'm crying. Apologize to Japan now
10,I just saw it on SBS, and it's really nice. The coverage, the delivery...If I were Japanese and lived in Japan now, it would be terrible
10,It makes me reflect on myself. It is a movie that once again raises interest in history and reminds us how to think and act in the future.
10,
10,
10,
10,I was impressed by the conviction of sentient people in Japan. I thought again that I should point out the problems of the Japanese regime, not hate the Japanese
10,
10,The Japanese have to see this, but they don't want to see it. Live like that. Until the day you regress
10,A film showing how heinous Japanese politicians deny Japan's crimes
10,
10,
10,Japan!!! I'll think about it again.
10,Why aren't there any theaters for this kind of movie? Please increase the number of theaters
10,10 points is also a Morazan movieI think it's a movie that made history clearI recommend it to many peopleIt was a chance for me to think about what kind of consciousness I should have as a Korean citizen
10,Why didn't I see such a good movie at the theater?
10,
10,Thank you SBS for airing the best movie on January 1st. This is a movie that the entire nation must see all over the world. Even though it's a documentary, it's very immersive because it's woven together like a conversation between revisionists and opponents. It's a must-see movie.
10,I promise to watch a broadcast on SBS today.I will never lose to Japan again.
10,
10,Japan's stark appearance and sense of history are quite shocking. I hope a lot of people will see.
10,Deep inside, anger and anger explode.
10,
10,The most unfortunate movie that I haven't seen since I was in Australia
10,A movie that Korean people must watch!
10,Thank you for making this movie.It seems like a problem that cannot be solved only when individuals around the world are reborn with a mature consciousness that can reverse.I can't wait for that day to come.
10,Just as there is no future for a nation that has forgotten history, I hope that Japan will learn history properly and live. Abe, how can you sleep during history class?
10,
10,Many people need to watch this kind of movie.
10,This is really creepy.
10,
10,
10,A film about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery and the Japanese right wing.It's a movie that made me immersed until the end.
10,
10,
10,Japanese... crazy people...You're going to screw up
10,I saw a broadcast on SBSMy heart hurts. It's close, but we can't be together in JapanI will never forget their evil deeds
10,Best movie about the Japanese sexual slavery issue logically. If you are curious, please watch it
10,
10,I need to be stronger.We also want our children to be stronger.
10,It was a creepy two hours.
10,Thank you very much, Miki Tezaki, for doing something that even the nation can't do I'm going to watch it at the movie theater
10,
10,Shocking and touching...The anger that envelops it all!
10,A movie that the Korean Peninsula should pay attention to at this point!
10,Time flies with breathless editing. I want to recommend this movie.
10,
10,I watched it late on TV, but I'm embarrassed in many ways
10,
10,I hope not only Koreans but also people from all over the world will see it.
10,
10,Wow, it is clear what the Japanese right wing thinks.I'm angry--
10,
10,
10,I'm embarrassed and thankful that a foreigner made this video
10,
10,
10,
10,It's really hard to watch, but it's a movie that you have to watch with your
10,Should people who have studied in Korea be left with this? The Japanese right-wing kids are acting up like that
10,I got goosebumps. Disgusting. Disgusting.
10,Don't forget the history. I was angry when I said Korea is a cute country.Let's vote well. Don't vote for the pro-Japanese.
10,There's nothing new about what they think, but it's really annoying to hear them brazenly say those low-level comments in front of the camera. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Not only the problem, but I can see very well how ridiculous it is to the neighboring countries.
10,
10,
10,It was an opportunity for me to look back after watching the movie
10,The Liberty Korea Party and the Liberal Democratic Party are in the same league. I got goosebumps. Parasite-like pro-Japanese vested interests.
10,A movie that all Koreans should watch
10,This movie is dedicated to poor slave unicorns.
10,Korea is cute? I'll show you how scary it is
10,
10,Forever boycotting Japan!Hideyoshi Kase, a key figure in the Japan conference.I can't believe that textbooks should contain only bright content.I need to know what I need to know. Shameless war criminals.
10,
10,
10,
8,Just looking at Obama forcing the Chicken Swing to agree Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, the United States was thoroughly concerned with the national interest and had no regard for and did not want to know about our country's history. Trump is now called ignorant, but Obama is an ignorant president who doesn't appear to be.
10,I felt the fear of forming a state as the subject of a state vs. making it deliberately as the subject of a state Also, I think it is a movie that can be seen with the eyes that even human mental breakdown can be shaped
10,
10,The movie I have to watch two or three times makes my hands sweat and blush.
10,
10,Watching this movie shows how contradictory what the rightists claim is.
10,
10,
10,All the rats in the gutter of Japanese war criminals are gathered at the Japan Conference
10,
10,
10,
9,Watching this movie, I realize that the problem with Japanese's "Fact Recognition" is serious. I knew that the Japanese basically believed that what they said was true and the rest was not true. Regardless of historical recognition, the state should never admit its wrongdoing, and if the army says it's right, it's absolutely right.   It's like a Paleolithic man. A country where the media can't help but play its part.
10,I'm watching the New Year's special broadcast on TV. From a Japanese point of view, saying that it's not something that's not true in terms of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, I think the director is an amazing person. Seeing right-wing people come out and do ridiculous interviews makes me feel like my blood is rising upside down. I applaud the passion of the director and true intellectuals who pursue the truth even though there will be continuous attacks from the Japanese right wing!
10,
10,
10,Wake up, Republic of Korea!
10,A movie written by a Japanese that Koreans must watch
10,It's a documentary that checks the lies of the Japanese right wing like a microscope
10,
10,
2,You're getting very high marks from the anti-Japanese incited darts. An untimely anti-Japanese boom compared to its artistic quality!
10,Ha... I'm watching SBS right now. What should I do about this situation? Koreans are a lying race Japanese teach lying is bad from birth, but Korea is not Have you ever lived in Korea? Your own shallow knowledge? It's not knowledge, it spreads imagination as if it were true, and even Japanese female politicians say that Chinese and Koreans are inferior. Wow, I don't think there is any future for Japan They're the ones who think, and they're the ones who don't know, and the fact that they're working as social leaders makes me feel like I' It's shocking and scary
10,
10,I focused on listening to it Abe's blunt remark that there was no compulsion to go into the house and grab it, echoing the question of whether he had free will at that time
10,A movie that I want at least one more Korean or foreigner to watch. It allows Koreans to know how to look at this and how to respond.A movie that foreigners are grateful to as Koreans to point out about the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem.
10,Korea's main enemy is Abe.Soon Japan will collapse.
10,A ridiculous brain statement in a position to cover up the truth. How much more miserable is a slave...What a narrow view.And I feel sorry for their position to do so. But whether you admit it or not, you have to pay for the atrocities in one way or another way. Didn't it already start?
10,One of the movies that must be screened in elementary, middle and high schools.
10,
10,
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It's a documentary film with aristocratic perceptions of the problem, angry at Japan's absurd claims and ideas
1,
10,
10,Even the level of logic and evidence that Japanese Military Sexual Slavery claims to exist is not comparable to that of the right wing.
10,
10,I think the number of theaters for these movies should increase. It's a heart-warming movie.
10,I saw it on SBS today. It was nice to see such a meaningful movie.
10,
10,There are people who need it at times like this
10,Truth that tells the truth. Truth that many people need to know
10,I am glad that there is a Japanese job that looks at the truth without distorting it, and I am sad that there are Japanese who thank you for making movies to spread it, and criticize such a great man even as their own people. Please acknowledge, apologize, that's all I want.
10,Sungjin State Japan Civil Liberation State Japan
10,As expected, it's a gloomy country
10,I feel a thousand dollars in my heart from the beginning of the new year They're different from the outside of Japan, they're different, they're different, they're different, they're different, they're different, they're different, they're different, they're different, they're just arguing, they're just giving evidence, they're Thanks to you, I got to know more
10,Lee Younghwan should be known
10,I want to kill the Japanese right-wing kid.
10,Please increase the number of theaters! We need as many people as possible
10,the hideous bare face of Japan's right wing
10,
10,
10,a clear sexual exploitation of Japan
10,This is the fact. Don't twist the truth
10,Nailbe doesn't like this movie
10,All human beings should not ignore history.
10,an atomic bomb Tsunami - What Japan Should Eat Periodically
10,
10,
10,
10,The Meanness of Japan, a Problematic Country of Women's Human Rights Abuse that the World Should Know
10,All right. Something informative.
10,I'm starting to get angryWhen I think of my grandmothers, I feel sad and numbShame on you
10,There is a difference between knowing and not knowing. You have to look to find out.
10,
10,My blood pressure rises as I watch it. I recommend a movie that makes you watch it more soberly.
10,Japan knows. This is not a fight between truth and falsehood. The battle between winning and losing... If a lie wins, it's an attack by Japanese revisionists who have seen the history of the world that has become the truth. And those who use it as a double-sided opportunity are domestic pro-Japanese groups and white pro-Japanese groups. We must win.
10,The distortion of history needs to go away.
10,It's broadcasting on SBS. It's a new perspective. I can only give you 10 points as a Korean because I know the details of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
10,I want everyone to see it.
10,
6,Is it only revenge to take over Japan and do the same? No, the descendants of innocent war criminals. What they fear the most is simple: "Knowledge." The extreme right in Japan is descendants of criminals and not convicted.And there is no more exhilarating revenge than announcing that their ancestors are criminals So these movies should continue to appear and be translated so that people all over the world can see them Do you know that it's a painful past? Can you forget if you turn a blind eye to eye? It's not only a modern society, but it's a time when the victims are alive, so the genre of film is special in the artistic genre. Art has always comforted the pain, but it's also a desperate and provocative area. Shouldn't Japan be given such a crime?
10,I want to give an award to myself who endure until the end. We'll see... In any way...
10,Wow, those who are leaving malicious comments on these movies are definitely pro-Japanese traitors...The general election is a match between Korea and Japan
10,I wanted to kill the chicken swing.
10,
10,I can't watch it all because I'm angry.
10,If you're a Korean, you have to watch it
10,A documentary that quietly deals with sensitive issues. I liked the composition that I could watch without being bored and concentrating.
10,I'm touched by these people. Thank you
1,This kind of movie on the air? LOL This country has become communist
10,
10,There's so much evidence, but the Japanese right-wingers somehow deny it. They cleverly distort historical facts, cover them up with lies, and then they make up their words and say it logically.Foreigners who don't know this kind of fact know false facts.That's disgusting. If you did something wrong, you should admit it, right? Historically, I feel again that the Japanese are mean and mean. I hope that Korea will become a powerful country that surpasses Japan in every way, as it is crawling up because Korea is easy to beg the strong U.S.
1,The incendiary that encourages anti-Japanese sentiment is OUT!
10,I only saw it in the beginning, but am I the only one who feels like defending Japan in a roundabout way?  I thought you were giving evidence based on the U.S. and only talking about the position of the Japanese right wing Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Is it because you only saw it in the beginning that the grandmothers' claims were inconsistent and that there was no evidence?Do I have to watch it until the end?
8,The third party's objective and simple directing stands out
10,They're doing it on TV. I won't let go of the boycott of Japan in the new year
10,The old Platoon had a group view of the middle and high schools, but there was no theater to watch a must-see movie like this.I don't know what you're looking for.It's disastrous.
8,It seems like the comments are going crazy.Do Koreans never discriminate against each other?Racism. Discrimination against the disabled.In terms of regional discrimination, it would be one of the top three in the world. Japan has a record of self-help.What about Korea? We should look back before trying to persuade Japan. People who leave comments like crazy people are curious about their brains
10,This movie must be watched by children including Park Geun Hye.
10,There should be many theaters like this. Too bad
10,I hope this doesn't happen again!And I hope Japan apologizes to these people!
10,A movie that many people should watch
10,History needs to be corrected
1,Is this a movie?  an anti-Japanese documentary
10,I think it's a must-see movie
10,The fact that the Liberty Korea Party and the Japanese right wing were united in the end...Get a hold of yourself, water polo boys
1,nausea
10,You have to watch this no matter what!
10,140 million Russians, 1.4 billion Chinese, and 80 million Koreans must watch this movie!
1,How long are you going to nitpick about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery? Will you stop?
10,You guys at the Rhee Syngman School. Cut off your knees and reflect on yourself.If you're human,
10,
1,Would they have sympathized a little if the movie had been released during other administrations?
10,
1,The movie "The Red Star" is about to create anti-Japanese sentiment, break the alliance between the U.S. and Japan, and reunify with the enemy
10,A must-see documentary. A documentary showing the raw.
8,The Japanese government's attitude was hard to understand through this movie While far-right politicians say, "The state should not apologize in any case," historical revisionism, which will drag their feet, distorts and compiles textbooks, causing future generations to perceive history incorrectly The idea is that the Daily Walkers are a shallow-minded people, and the truth will one day come out like an awl in their pockets, and it will be hard to cover up a single truth with 10 or 100 lies You should know that these lies that they tell now are left with greater sin to future generations
9,It's a movie that makes you wonder if it's real or not. It's a movie that's ridiculous because of the collaboration between Japanese and indigenous Japanese who have changed their common sense. Nevertheless, it is a movie that must be seen in order to understand the intentions of the Abe administration and the Japanese conference.
10,It was a very grateful time to know something I didn't know.
10,
10,This is a must for the whole nation, not the whole world!
10,A political documentary full of humor and sense
10,I'm even angrier because of the cross-editing
10,If you know your enemy and you know me, you win every battle.
10,I heard that photos of Japanese Military Sexual Slaverys and recent videos were found at the time, and I think it would have been better if Park Jung-hee introduced the dispute between Korea and Japan over the agreement with Japan, but I think it was a very well-made documentary.
10,Some parts are great comedies. Especially, the scene where the Japanese right wing criticizes the dog's voice.
10,I've been waiting for the release of the vod for a long time because there are not many theaters. It was as fun as I expected, and I learned a lot of things that I didn't know.
10,A movie that gave me a good idea of the perspective of the neighboring country
10,If the Japanese disappeared,
10,While I was watching, I was angry, sorry, grateful, and frustrated, and I almost flipped my eyes at the last remark of the great man.It's a movie that you have to watch a lot
10,I need you to download it and change it. Let me see.I can't believe I'm still making a reservation even though it's only the first group of theaters that I don't know where. -_-;
10,The shamelessness of Japan, the blood pressure
10,I pray that not only Korea and Japan but also everyone will watch this movie at least once I'm crying over stupidity
10,A movie with objective eyes that everyone must see. It is said that there is no conclusion, but there is a conclusion.
10,After watching the movie, I felt overwhelmed and angry, but I couldn't take my eyes off it throughout the two-hour run.It is a must-see movie to know the history right away and to know the intentions of Japan.
10,Theater tycoon OOO
10,
10,I was wondering who the director was and he looks like Kim
1,To be honest, it's a movie that completely ignores the historical inevitability of the time. Things that could have happened in those days. It is a wrong ignorant idea to expect it to be a price for the Japanese or the Japanese nation. Of course, the content of the movie is not interesting at all. It is a movie that can be ignored except for stimulating Korean or national sentiment and eliciting some sympathy
10,
10,This great movie has 3.90 million viewers.Is it because I didn't promote it?I think it's a must-see movie!
10,I had to watch it on purpose and it was organized well after watching it.
9,It was very touching.
10,I barely saw it when I went all the way to Seoul. Please increase the screenings or let me watch them on the Internet. It's a must-see movie.
10,A real cider movie that no other movie could imitate in this time of year.And it's a meaningful documentary that allows many people to watch and see what the forces across the ocean are really thinking about, and think about our truth and our future direction
10,a film disliked by the Liberals and the first class
10,You must see this.
10,A video that Koreans must watch.Until the day the whole nation sees me
1,0 point for directing, 2 points for acting, 0 point for story, 0 point for visual beauty, 1 point for OST: 0.5 point average
1,I shouldn't have watched a movie about jokbal. All the people who saw this are native Japanese!
10,Based on fierce logic, the door to truth opens.
1,The voices of those who sound right anytime, anywhere are being ignored
1,There is no real reflection on them
10,I learned more about what I only knew roughly
1,It's not that
10,I will use this kind of person as my idol and move on to Japan.
10,I hope the Japanese government's official apology will be made and the honor and human rights of the victims will be restored.
5,Honestly, it's not a very interesting movie, so the theater...
10,
10,I want to ask, where are we going to fight? How much do we know about Korea and Japan?  I want to increase the number of theaters by force.
9,It was impressive!
10,The documentary highlighted the director's efforts to look into it objectively. I thought it would be nice to see it at least once. Recommendation.
8,In fact, Koreans want to give a perfect score of 10 regardless of the film's quality. On the one hand, it was a movie with a hopeful mind that Japan would collapse on its own without having to worry about it. I also wanted a lot of our teenage students to see it.
10,It was an interesting approachI hope many people watch this movie
10,Please zoom in
10,I think Koreans and Japanese should think about it at least once and watch it. Even after the movie, I felt sad.
10,the incomprehensible attitude of Japan
10,I really need to see this. I want high school students to show this in class
10,Wherever you are, please watch this movie! Please!
10,A little change in the complacent way of thinking about the revisionists
10,The noble lives that were sacrificed in their powerless days were brutally barked at...Young people!  I recommend you to watch it.
10,If I hadn't seen it, I might have been persuaded by the right-wingers' non-logical reasons.
10,There were many Japanese who said nonsense, but the more I listened to it, the more I was dumbfounded. It is a must-see movie for Koreans. I think it's a problem that you should never forget and let it go.
10,I wish we had a conscientious journalist like this. It gives us a sense of why Japan's right wing is happening and there's that kind of atrocity. But it's also bitter because it seems to be seen in our right wing and politics.
10,Don't understand why there's no tube
10,A movie that anyone with intelligence would relate to
10,Make sure you watch it. Make sure you watch it.
10,Watch how stupid you are
10,It's a movie that impressed me with the logical rebuttal of the director by theme and terminology. It was the first independent movie that I went to an independent movie theater on purpose because there were no movies to watch in a large theater these days, but it was a wise choice. However, it was a pity that the screening period was too short.
10,Make sure you watch it. There are a lot of things I didn't know about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery that I thought I knew
9,Literally, I see the truth about war sexual violence and damage as an audience. The truth is...
10,It's a must-see for Koreans in this situation
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is a documentary that clarifies that it is not a historical issue of the past, but a human rights issue today that confronts fascism, misogyny and racism. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It tells us why the problem and the image of girls should spread more internationally. Not only should the number of theaters be increased, but it is also hoped that group viewing will be conducted in middle and high schools.
10,The screening of Daegu's main stadium ends today. I'm lucky. I'll do my best.
8,It's a must-see documentary film. Learn history right away
10,It's a must-see movie. I strongly think that it is a must-see movie for the Japanese people. They, who we don't really know, can get answers to why.
10,It solves many questions about the motives of Japan's far-right forces.
10,Please... I live in Seoul, but I watched it in Incheon. Please increase the number of theaters
10,The irony of a handful of Japanese rightists holding the fate of the world ㅠㅠ It was hard to keep up with the pace at the beginning, but I became more immersed and angry
10,A movie that all Japanese, Koreans, and people in the world should watch
10,Should we increase the number of theaters?
6,It is not good for Korean women, but it can be fatal for other countries, and it is a movie that protects a good audience with a wide range of views on the diversity of the world
10,Please increase the number of theaters...I really want to watch it again...
10,It is currently being screened at the Film Forum at the rear gate of Ewha Womans University. The past few years of our country are reminiscent and even dizzying. I don't think I could have produced this documentary if I wasn't an American-Japanese. It is sad that there are few movie theaters that contain truth even though books containing lies are bestsellers.
10,I saw it at Bupyeong Korean Theater Recommendation. x100
10,Increase the number of theaters pro-Japanese group movie companies, stop looking for money. And if you roll your head a little bit, wouldn't you be loyal to the Korean people if word of mouth went viral after the Japanese economic system? I am so sorry that I might see such a great documentary as an illegal download.
10,I'll exclude emotions and objectively use smart methods
10,The content is good, but I've never seen a documentary so exciting.
10,Everyone should watch the movie.
10,It was a very sad movie documentary because there were few theaters and it took 2 hours, but it was good because it wasn't boring. I hope to see more and become a hit
10,I hope people all over the world can see it on YouTube.A matter of human rights, not between countries.
10,Not only Korean and Japanese, but also movie that everyone in the world should watch... The issue of women's rights...I hope to increase the number of screenings in theaters.
10,If you could increase the number of theaters ㅜㅜ
10,Easily understand issues by organizing them clearly
10,I saw the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem with an objective view that excludes emotions. It is a struggle for the human rights of the victims, not Korea versus Japan.It made me think that the step toward regaining our human rights and truly winning is a mature sense of citizenship. Thank you for the meaningful movie.
10,Korea, Japan, China, the United States. It was a very uncivilized country mentally. Japan, how sad the coach must have made it.I hope you can watch it in many places. I need to stay alert and work harder in my place. Conscience and pursuit of the right path.
10,An attempt to see the bare faces of the Japanese right-wingers from an objective perspective.Their bare faces were dirty and ugly, and it was surprising that the imperialist war criminal DNA was continuing to their folly of self-defense by covering their faces with cosmetics.
10,I was glad that I wasn't born in JapanLooking at the reality of the people in power in Japan now, I was scared if I were a citizen of that country I learned the meaning of the boycott of Japanese products Thank you so much, director
8,It's recommended for introducing issues
10,It's sad, angry, and funny.
10,A nation that forgets its past has no future.
10,Best comedy movie I've seen this year.
1,Justice Minister Cho Kuk, fighting!!!
10,If you haven't seen it in theaters, make sure to watch it with a paid purchase!
10,Why are there so few theaters? I think it's a must-see movie.
9,You have to know to live.
7,I had some regrets, but I enjoyed it
10,Please watch it all. It breaks my heart. I don't think I can watch it because I'm not interested in history. I can't watch it because I'm angry It's a waste not to watch it with the excuse of my back.
10,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryA film that taught us the need to think about the problem in a cool way.  Also, because it is a matter of human rights, the conclusion of the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue is so obvious. Nevertheless, I think we didn't know too much about them.It's disgusting.
1,A fake incendiary film.
10,Well-made American documentary, smart and wise. I watched it shaking because I was Korean. I think a normal Japanese would faint at the end of the movie. It's deplorable that there are fewer theaters and more people can't watch it.
10,You have to watch it, you have to watch it twice, you have to watch it several times, you have to watch it, you have to watch it, you have to watch it, you have to watch
10,History cannot be hidden. I think it is a movie that both Koreans and Japanese should watch.
10,Please increase the number of theaters... Everything I've been curious about and just in case has been solved.
10,What to be afraid of
10,The question of human rights and dignity that we all need to know
9,I liked the part where I tried to solve this problem from an objective perspective.
10,Abe stepped on South Korea and joined hands with the U.S. to confront his main enemy, China. Where and who are we fighting against.
6,A case that must be pointed out and passed on.  What can I do to relieve that resentment?
10,You worked so hard
8,It should not exist in an attempt to modify history with victory, not defeat. Washing things against the world as nothing is almost a war.
10,I think it's a movie that you should watch
8,A vast amount of information, clear perspective, and a valuable movie
8,It is necessary to know and respond to Japan. This movie is worth it
10,I think it should be screened at school, too It's part of our history. It's heartbreaking It's not from our perspective, but from the perspective of a Japanese-American director, so I think you should watch it
10,We need to increase the number of movie theaters like this, but it's a pity that there aren't many theaters...The movie was meaningful because it was able to understand the current address of Japan's right-wingers, such as the way Japanese right-wingers think and claim.
10,It was a very immersive movie, so 2 hours passed quickly. It was a movie that was useful because it showed the perspective of Japanese right-wingers with only with only facts. At the same time, it gives directions on how we should deal with the future. It was a good movie!
10,You have to watch it. You have to watch it
1,There's no fact. Anyways
10,A movie where you can see the bare face of the extreme right of Japan.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I want everyone to see it'
10,Thank you for making a good movie! I learned more about why Japan is doing this now, and I learned that Abe's behavior is bad not only for Seoul but also for the Japanese people. The last narration is echoing!
10,There's no reason not to look.
1,Why are there so many women who won first place?
10,My hands trembled the whole time I watched. Thanks to you, I became more interested in historical issues. The editing skills and immersion were great. There was no provocative video, no photos, but George was a movie with logic and facts.
10,Tears welled up while watching. Right wing groups, wake upThe state doesn't apologize?A country that does not look back on its past has no future.
8,It was good to know the arguments of the Japanese right-wing, which are difficult to understand in detail in Korea.  However, the movie was not organized enough, so it was boring. I'm angry at your ridiculous argument.
10,A very educational movie, we should also study about Japan
10,Regardless of the movie nationality and age group accusing the Japanese government of deliberate historical denial and revisionism, I hope many people will watch it
10,You must see this movie!!!
10,Increase the number of theaters pro-Japanese group you
10,You have to watch it!
10,I thought my blood pressure went up. A great help to understand Japan. The movie that we should show in history class and broadcast on public TV
10,Hideo Kaze, you... You're so annoying. Please watch it. It's not common to reflect on the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery incident from a perspective that we don't know, not patriotic marketing. It's a pity that the director's courage is great and there aren't many theaters.
10,Please invest two hours of your life and watch it at least once. Whenever I see fewer theaters, I feel like I still have a long way to go, so I'm at a loss.
10,There's no theater!Please do it quickly so that I can see it on the Internet
10,You have to watch this to get more screenings
10,If you live in Korea, you must see it!!!! Abe's hidden secret will be revealed. You have to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,This should be viewed instead of news.
9,There is no theater in Goyang, so I went all the way to Seoul and watched it. Please increase the number of theaters.
8,Japan's meticulous political approach and Korea's still sloppy response were well shown.
10,It was a movie that had a lot to think about
10,I could see the true nature of the Japanese right wing. I recommend it!
10,It is a must-see movie for Koreans.
10,Don't be a dog, they're a pig. It's upsetting, but you have to watch it a lot ㅠ.ㅠ
8,a tragedy called Japanese Military Sexual Slavery from a foreigner's point of view
1,I didn't even imagine it
10,The right-leaning of Japan, a war criminal country, looks absolutely appalling. We should always be careful, too. Let's not forget, a priceless film showing that their ugliness is the pettyness of a discriminator, a nationalist, must continue to fight for freedom and peace.
10,Please increase the number of theaters! I hope you all watch it
8,Thank you. Recommend a good movie
10,It was too bad that there were no people watching at the movie theater. ㅠㅠ I wish more people would watch it. The movie documentary that had a lot of informative content! With this background knowledge, I think I can refute the counterargument more logically.
10,I want people all over the world to see it!
10,Please increase the number of theaters~~
10,It was so much fun because it was like a movie that showed the standard of documentary! Fighting!
1,I'm sick of this anti-Japanese movie
10,It is a movie that I want to show students as a group.  I believe in the power of truth. Director! Thank you to everyone who works hard ^^
10,It's too bad that there aren't many theaters...
10,We must try to see it as it is. To stop the Japanese right-wing group from making ridiculous logic. I felt grateful to historians, activists, students, and organizations who never stopped trying.
10,an in-depth examination revealed in a cold debate
10,A movie that many people want to see!
10,This movie should have been crowded with audiences who will be driven to the Battle of Bongodong
10,It was so impressive that I saw them twice on the same day, and it helped me understand them, saying, "You need to know your enemy to win." Thank you.
10,I happened to know that there was a movie like this, so I was thinking about still showing it, but fortunately, I was able to see itI've seen it in a small hieroglyph on the day of old memories, but I hope the whole country will see it.I want to recommend it to many people
1,I'm rooting for you. Fighting!
8,It was not easy to sit and watch a documentary that was edited incessantly for two hours, but the director's courage and hard work that made this movie gave him a generous round of applause!
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery A salutary film that shows a balanced view of the problem and the ugly inside of the Japanese right wing
10,It is a balanced approach to Japan's argument. The rebuttal is more logical.
10,I think it's a movie that you must watch
10,You can see the way Japan's right wing views the Korea-Japan conflict. their horrifying vision
10,I finally saw it.  The theater. It didn't have much time, but I was glad I could see it.  I saw realistically what kind of thinking the Japanese right wing has.
10,The truth is that we never lose again
10,If there were more Japanese like you, what you did would have been a chance to become a close country?I applaud your courage even though it may be driven to anti-day.I hope that patriotism and courage will serve as a stepping stone for Korea-Japan relations.
10,Right wing politicians like DiSang Abe are the problem... I hope that there is no Korean who has a good disease that ordinary Japanese do nothing wrong. Ignorance is also tacit consent and their choice.
10,I recommend it. I hope everyone watches it.
10,It is a movie that digs into the core of the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem and the basic psychology of the Japanese people from the perspective of a third party. If you watch this movie, it shows very real how Japanese people's attitudes toward Korea today.
10,For two hours, I concentrated so that I didn't miss a single writing. The two hours were interesting throughout and it was a time to know and feel many things. The kettle in my head is still fighting as I prepare to sleep. I recommend you to watch it and I hope it will be screened overseas.
10,Personally, I felt that the size and speed of the subtitles were not appropriate, but apart from that, I think it's a really good documentary film.
10,A war that is still not over!Fact-checking movie, starting with reasonable doubt, trying to rule out emotions
10,Korea became independent by foreign powers, and Japan became a democracy by foreign powers, so there are still indigenous Japanese pirates in Korea and war buffs who have not abandoned militarism in Japan
10,A must-see movie.  A movie that has to be aired on public TV.
9,I realized for sure. I think I can only see things.
10,The part-time job in the history distortion comments is crazy here, too
10,Half the average, half the average. Anti-communist, pro-democracy, liberal democracy, Korea first.
8,Hwang Kyo-ahn and Na Kyung-won should watch a movie
10,Please increase the number of movies One of the few conscious intellectuals in Japan
10,I was busy with the captions, but it was useful. There's a comedy code in the middle I laughed with the theater people and snorted at the angry part. It's hard to watch in areas where there's no accessibility because the screening is limited.
10,a story about an unfinished war
10,As a human being, I feel sorry for the people of Japan who are increasingly isolated under such Japanese political leadership; I really hope they will see this movie a lot.
10,I hope that it will be screened in more places for a long time, so that we can finish the Japanese military Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue in our generation
10,It's a must-see movie. Please increase the number of movie theaterscrying
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Japan and Korea, the main battlefield of conflict. If you want to know what Japan is up to, go to the theater.
10,This movie is not a movie for Korea, but more like a record of finding the truth. The logic of both sides was filmed, and it was possible to see how the problem of Japanese people's perception of history was completed.
10,Let's watch it together! Don't just kick up the boycott!
10,I look forward to seeing a lot of people
10,I think it's a must-see movie.
10,Please increase the number of theaters.
10,A movie that Koreans must watch. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The problem is not a state-to-state problem, but a system-to-women war.
10,The 9th World Exploration Beatings
10,Third-party fact check
10,I liked the tension that made it seem like we were attacking and defending each other with just a quick interview
10,Although the movie "Kim Bok-dong" overlaps in part, "Jujeonjang" recounts the structural problems of Japanese right-wingers and the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem in the relationship between the three countries. On the same day, I saw two lives in a row, and I also thought that I would like our country to develop more national power. Grandmothers, stay healthy
10,A must-see movie for everyone including Japan, Korea, and the U.S
10,If it's this documentary, shouldn't it be aired on public TV right away? How can many people watch it?
10,I watched YouTube and I'm looking forward to it
10,I hope many people watch this movie
10,It's such a shame that there aren't many theaters.Some self-aware Japanese even buy expensive pamphlets and watch movies.Thank you to the courageous Japanese-American director, who is heartbroken that the large theaters don't even offer small theaters and only show a few theaters in Seoul!
10,I enjoyed watching it.
10,I've seen it. I think the big movie theaters will be out after this week, and it's only showing in small theaters now. It contains both Japan's position and our country's position, but I understand very well what the Japanese right wing thinks. Recommend.
10,This kind of movie should be watched by the whole nation
10,I can't forget Kim Hak-soon's last testimony. Thank you, Mickey Dezaki
10,Make sure to watch it! I don't regret it.
9,There aren't that many theaters and it's only during the daytime on weekdays, so it's hard to watch it, but I hope you watch it a lot
10,There is no need for words from a movie that Koreans must watch.
9,I organized it so that it's easy to understand!I really want to recommend watching it!
10,(Singing "Behavé") I got it now Please increase the number of theaters
10,Please increase the number of theaters. It's a movie that so many people should watch. Please support us so that we can be well known overseas Please!
7,I think it was an opportunity to learn about the actual situation of Japan that we are dealing with and to confirm its essence as a subject who exercises influence on the inside of our society.
10,I didn't expect much. It was good.
10,It enriches the view of truth.
10,It's a trick to approach facts and opinions step by step and show what the truth is.
10,It's literally a film that shows the reality and reality of the Japanese right wing, why we should be tougher on the Japanese government and the far right
10,It's a must-see... A movie like homework for Koreans
10,I'm glad you have someone like this.
10,I strongly recommend it! I'm a citizen of Gyeonggi-do because there's no theater. I watched it. It's not a waste. They told me to watch it, but I was sad that there was no theater고There are times when I feel stuffy and teary like I ate a million sweet potatoes, but it was a movie that made me realize why I need to know history again!
10,I should watch this and watch Kim Bokdong's grandmother's movie
10,It's a good movie that helps you look at familiar issues from a different perspective.
10,It's a movie that needs more theaters. It is a movie that should be watched by more people for the human rights and conscience of people around the world. With an objective and cool-headed eye, why should the Japanese government offer a sincere apology for the Japanese military Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue?
10,The Japanese right wingers in the movie are so ugly, sly and disgusting, aren't you ashamed to live like that?
8,It was fun
10,I'm planning to see you again Please increase the number of theaters!
10,See you twice ^^.I hope a lot of people will experience it
10,I hope the advertising promotion country will take responsibility and inform the public in earnest so that the whole nation can see it...
10,It is necessary to increase the number of theaters and the date of screening, and mandatory screening by institutions. It's not just a record to be forgotten.
10,A movie that I think all Koreans should watch
10,I liked all the facts that I didn't know
10,Let's watch it. I watched a Japanese director's movie even though it was a boycott period in Japan.  The world should share the miserable images of the Japanese fabricating and falsifying history for their perfectness.
10,Should I say that Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is the best? Japanese Military Sexual Slavery Even a beginner can understand everything by looking at this. Unlike recent unilateral instigation measures such as anti-Japanese people xx, both sides' positions were fully contained.
10,I strongly recommend this movie. A must-see movie for Koreans.
10,I was able to understand the thoughts of the Japanese extreme rightists about Korea and Koreans
8,It's a calm but hard-headed paper on the screen
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase so that many people can watch it
10,I think everyone must see it like a textbook.
9,A country called Japan...It is a must-see movie that shows the cause of the conflict between Korea and Japan after the defeat of the war, as the inferiority complex on the Korean Peninsula was expressed as a desire to conquer it.
10,Accurate interviews, scrutiny, flow of logic, rational reasoning. the keen gaze of Americans beyond Koreans and Japanese
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery delicately dissect the issue and finally reveal the core of Japan's right wing. A masterpiece documentary that should be widely spread and remembered
10,It's a must-see movie regardless of nationality or age
10,When I came out of the movie, I passed through the trash can, and the phrase "human trash" appears to be "human trash. I think I'm too into it. I'm going to watch it one more time. There are lines or scenes that I missed because I was so angry
10,I'm getting ready to go see Kim Bok-dong
10,It's a must-see movie now
10,Please increase the number of theaters ~~
10,It was nice to know what's inside of Japan
10,Not only the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue, but I could see what Japan thinks of Korea and how the United States treats Korea and Japan. Throughout the movie, I couldn't stop sighing of absurdity and frustration in the theater.Anti-Japanese, pro-Japanese, and anyone with a history view, please watch it
10,I hope you all saw it.
9,What should I do? Where should I start?
1,The poster is trash. Changryol Force. That's why they're criticized. It's so funny. The level of the people will not be dog-pig like this, but you will know after a little while, and it will be understandable if you get more frustrated with these comments later.
8,The storytelling of this work is a logical argument. The competition is not fierce compared to the title. This is because each person has his or her own circumstances, but right and wrong are clear. However, it is relieved that the opponent's words lead to self-determination that denies the opponent's claim.
10,It was a pity that it could be interpreted as a way to strengthen the solidarity between us who are already in solidarity, but it was a perfect documentary film in everything else. At a time when the theater is going down a lot, I want one more person to watch this movie.
10,We should know the behavior of the Japanese historical revisionists at the heart of power and try to convey the right history to our descendants. I recommend you all watch it.
10,It's a must-see movie for Koreans living in this era.Personally, it's impressive since the assassination of a movie released a few years ago!
10,I was so impressed and it is a movie that expresses the conflict between Korea and Japan well from an objective perspective.
10,If you're a conscientious distributor, we need to increase the number of theaters
1,A little investigation will show that the director is a member of the Japanese Communist Party. A red story full of anti-American and anti-Japanese codes. Why are there so many communist-loving red people in Korea?
10,Cheongju doesn't have a theater here.Show me the main battlefield!
10,It's a movie that takes a long breath, but it's worth it, and you can see the current issue of the Japanese military's Japanese Military Sexual Slavery from an objective perspective. I highly recommend it.
10,Please make a theater in Dongtan. Please!
10,Oh, foreigners made such a good documentary, so if we could just keep playing it with audiovisual materials,
10,The selected screen and the choice of lines were good.I don't want anyone to pick one part and distort it.
10,America has a lot of problems, too.
10,You have insight and logic. It makes me rethink not only about Japanese history, but also about our history education. I really recommend it. The number of screenings was too small, so I hope the screening period will be long. I want to see you again.
10,I hope many people will watch this movie. It's a well-made documentary that neatly compressed vast amounts of data. You can learn more about the historical revisionism of the current Abe administration, the extreme right wing forces of Japan, and nationalism. I was so focused that I couldn't get bored.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot. A movie that needs to be seen no matter what position you support
10,I hope you all watch it
8,You are explaining very well what the Japanese right wing is like
10,A must-see movie for Japanese blindfolded by the right-wing media
10,The perception of history is now more clearly lifted. I have never seen a movie in such a small theater in my life.  What are you doing in a movie like this without a theater?
8,Cumulative 30,000 viewers in a month. That's a disaster. ㅉㅉ
10,It's a documentary, but it has a thriller feel to it. Please watch it. This kind of work should be shown for a long time.
1,A movie made by a Japanese Communist red man. Do you believe the Communist Party?
9,Whether it's Bongo-dong or Nabal, this should be more popular than commercial movies, but it's pathetic.
10,I hope there will be more movie theaters that show the logic of Japanese right-wing groups
10,Darkness cannot beat light!Such a brave documentary!I'm rooting for you and thank you!
10,It's really the best.It's a pity that the one who tries to cover up the truth is more detailed and planned than the one who suffered.It is a must-see work with interest as much as Korean movies!
10,I can see why Japan is getting ruined. It's too bad I didn't see it earlier
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase
10,A movie that identifies the typical perception of the Japanese right wing and identifies the frame of marketing Japanese Military Sexual Slavery to the world. It's a movie that Koreans must watch. Let's know Japan and get ready
10,I managed to find a movie theater. Please increase the number of theatersㅠㅠ It was a documentary movie that made me think a lot. It was as objective as possible and I really enjoyed it.Cold water fan is a must. It gets heated up
10,A movie you must watch. A movie you must show
10,I don't know if you'll see this comment, but it was so good. Please correct the spelling for the last sceneIt's not three shots of blood, it's a new shot of blood
10,Is the number of theaters real? Stretch it up a little--
10,Good things are history, bad things are history. I hope you teach it properly
9,I was mistaken to expect that most of them would know, and I learned a lot of new things.  So it's not easy to follow the story. I was really focused on it. And there's really not enough theaters.
10,Make sure to watch it. Abe kindly explains Japan of his dream empire. I was really surprised by Abe's uncivilized dream
10,After watching this movie, I feel that the perspective of looking at the problem has diversified and the perspective has broadened.
10,I hope there will be more Japanese who are more conscious like this
9,...the director is a Japanese named Miki Tezaki. Shouldn't the moonchang moons be anti-Japanese?Since you're Japanese, why don't you boycott him like Detective Conan?You're a bunch of morons who have to opt-out anti-Japanese and use irreplaceable items.It's just half a day for half a day...
10,Why don't you just increase the number of movie theaters and patriotize them instead of making money from spin-of-the-movies?  The limited number of movie theaters is. Is it the power of Japanese Abe?  I think it's a movie that the people should watch
10,It's not emotional and I answered your questions step by step. There's a Japanese right-wing stance, and there's a third party on this issue, but there's a U.S. content that's relevant
10,Plastered all over the world!!!
10,A movie to watch with your family!
10,Let's spread it widely.I feel like I have to pay for these movies
10,You have to go 130 kilometers to watch a movie.Increase the number of theaters!!!
10,It was good to focus on the issue of human rights violations of wartime women.
10,I really enjoyed the movie. I hope many people will watch it by increasing the number of theaters.
10,Really... Please increase the number of theaters
10,Please increase the number of theaters~The screening period is long too~~~ㅠㅠ I want people all over the world to see it.I need to promote it widely
10,It's so annoying that it's like an indigenous Japanese
1,It's such a boring movie
9,The movie was interesting.But Lotsi didn't turn on the air conditioner.At the end, my back was sweating, so I couldn't help but hope the movie would end soon.You should have taken the air conditioner out of the movie price.Again, the movie was interesting.
10,I'm not a soup pong or a sentimental person. I think I listened to a really hard lecture a movie that the whole nation should be watched by the whole nation
10,You must know. You can't stay still. It's our problem.
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase and more people will watch it
1,A timely selection of films...Hah!
10,저는 그들에게 묻고 싶습니다; 거짓말의 대가는 무엇입니까?
10,Although it is a documentary, the structure and development are quite interesting. If a documentary is fun, I think it has everything
10,I applaud your courage
10,Too bad I haven't even seen 30,000 yet! Ilbe, Joo Oksoon, Lee Younghoon and other must-see movies
10,I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,It is a movie that gives a strong impact to Japan preparing for war.
10,We need to increase the number of movie theaters!
10,I was impressed by the perception and interpretation of the problem
10,I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I hope many of you saw it
10,There aren't many theaters. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,Please increase the number of theaters!You have to see this
10,It's super cider!A movie that you have to focus on and watch!
10,A really good movie. I hope a lot of people watch it. Please increase the number of theaters!
10,There's only one theater a day.I hope you watch it.
10,I went to a faraway place and saw it. It's such a shame that there's no theater around the house.
10,It is a very meaningful movie.
10,You have to watch it. He's so angry
10,There's no reason not to watch it a gripping film
10,Make sure to watch it and increase the number of theaters.It's a documentary but a comedy
10,A must-know movie.I recommend it!
10,You have to watch it. Japan is really persistent in a strange way. a country of paranoia
10,I strongly recommend it. It's well-made
10,The movie made me angry, but I could calmly look back on Korea-Japan relations, Korea-U.S. relations, and Japan-U.S. relations. It was a time when I studied living history while watching with my son and three friends in elementary school.
10,A well-made documentary that allows you to look into the thoughts of the extreme rightists in Japan. Well, I don't know if you even have an idea to look into.
10,I recommend you to watch this movie.
10,You have to watch it.The movie made me realize that Japanese consumption, which I had been complacent about, was an act of undermining myself and my country
9,I don't know if it's because I went two or three minutes before the screening or because I brought something to eat. There's a guy who looks angry when he goes in, and there's a cheeky girl when he says hello. I wouldn't have gone if I knew they were watching. Those things don't have any sympathy whether they're Japanese Military Sexual Slavery or forced into labor.
10,Even though I don't like documentary movies with rice, I want to recommend this movie to people around me.
10,Thank you for making such a good movie
10,It is a documentary that is well organized from an objective perspective. I followed him rationally in the beginning, but he failed in the second half and cursed at me.
10,I recommend you to watch it at times like this.
10,Towards the history of the human world, not the nation
8,a hard road to humanism
10,It's a good movie with a good storyPlease watch it a lot
10,I sincerely hope you watch it once!
10,It's a documentary movie, but 2 hours passed so quickly. It's informative. I think there should be as many criminal films of the former Japanese Empire as there are Nazi war crime films.
10,You start with anger and then come back to reason. Laughing... and alertness.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It is a movie that makes you feel deeply enlightened about the seriousness of the problem, but it is not a biased and cramming movie, but the opinions of both sides and the rebuttal and response are very impressive, and I think it is worth watching if you are Korean.
10,A movie that I want to show Japanese people!
10,There was a character in the latter part of the movie, and all the audience burst out laughing at his words
10,You have to watch it. You have to watch this
10,It's a movie that I want everyone to watch
10,We urgently need to expand the theater.
10,We need to increase the number of theaters.
10,I hope a lot of people watch it. I often experienced my heart getting hot while watching movies. It's a movie that I want to spread to the world.
10,It seems to show that human rights cannot be justified for any reason.I recommend watching it!
10,A movie that reminds me of a 20th century boy from a Japanese cartoon.  I liked the editing sense and the drum sound that brought us to our senses when we confronted each other with logic. A movie that is more meaningful to young Japanese people.
10,The truth and falsehood of the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem that a Japanese-American looked at from a third-party standpoint. The director reveals that the Japanese conference is behind the people and organizations that prevent the truth of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery from being known, and shows that his country (the U.S.) has supported Japanese fascist forces for its own benefit.
2,It's a movie made by a native Japanese
10,There aren't enough theaters. ㅜㅜ I think it is a must-see movie for Koreans.
10,We have to investigate whether the Japanese are left-wing movie "Red" to oppose the Japanese saying they are for Japan
2,a sickening victim costume
10,Make sure you watch it. You feel a lot. I think I'll read some books.
10,A faithful record that you must see at least once
10,The issue of the Japanese Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is a matter of gross violation of human rights and is something that everyone in the world needs to know so that it doesn't repeat itself in human history I hope that the Abe administration will be able to reflect on itself and show a genuine apology
10,Scary Japanese... Japan's ambition is not over. We need to be more alert.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I beg you.
8,The suction power from the beginning to the middle of the song is incredible And you can see the political style of the current Japanese government, and you can't get rid of the creepy feeling. Daegu will be screened at Dongsung Art Hall It also talks about women's rightsI hope you watch it.
10,It was a heart-filled movie.
10,Recently, the popularity of the book Anti-Japanese Racialism almost shook my view of modern and contemporary history, but thanks to this movie, which was objectively shown from the American perspective, I was able to look at history more squarely and in a balanced.
10,If you don't know how to deal with the sophistry of the pro-Japanese far right in Japan and Korea, just show us this movie. I can humiliate you. It's a masterpiece of a documentary. Great coverage.
10,The message is very clear, but it's not an excited tone. I think it's because there's love in the heart that is the basis of speech, not the chosen camp. A love of conscience and justice. That kind of story just gives a lesson, not the pressure to pick sides.
10,I want to increase the number of theaters so that more people can watch it
10,Very logically, it explains the loopholes in the logic of the Japanese right wing one by one. In addition, there is no time to be bored with the rapid development.
10,Please increase the number of screeningsI beg you.
10,You have to see. You have to see
10,The video that deserves a perfect score
10,Both the editing and the music video were great, so it was really fun. I am glad to have a correct and accurate view of Japan's distortion of history. It's a pity that only a small number of people saw it. If you have children, please watch it together for education.
10,I hope more people from more countries than Korea will watch this movie. I just came back from the theater and logged in on purpose to leave a review!!!
10,The Japanese on the right are trying to suppress the feeling of non-
10,Recommended! A clear conclusion from an American who wasn't on anyone's side!  You have to watch it
10,It is a movie that I really want to see again on the air because many people want to re-establish historical awareness. If not, it is a complete movie that I want to encourage people to watch even if they pay for it.
10,I'm so angry It's frustrating to see the low and low-interest forces who are using absurd logic.
8,A movie that the whole nation must watch these days
10,I think it's a movie that more and more people should watch to broaden global consensus, not necessarily because Japan is bad, but why the issue of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is a problem and what Japanese historical revisionists and nationalists argue.
9,Pen and language actions that are more intense than guns and swords.
10,Why didn't you write down the theater?I hope all Koreans watch this moviecrying
10,It's a movie that everyone should watch and think about
10,So the fight against Japanese imperialism is still going on
9,It's a movie that we need these days
10,You have to see this!!!
10,Japan and Korea, or the whole world, should see this. We need to know the true nature of the Japanese parliament. There should be no war again
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery It's also important to share the pain emotionally about the problem, but for a fundamental solution, you have to confront it rationally and logically. Koreans didn't know much about it. Through this movie, Koreans should know the truth and reality. So I'd like to see more theaters
8,History to remember, to know
10,Please increase the number of theaterscrying
1,I'm sick of left-wing demagoguery movies!!!
10,I recommend it. You should watch it.
10,The movie director who I want you to watch is Japanese-American, but he kept his neutrality well, so there was no inconvenience to watch. It was very beneficial because he dealt with not only the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue but also the politics
10,A movie full of black humor. You may be angry, but you can never be bored
10,It's a movie that everyone in the world should watch at least once. I strongly recommend it!
10,The truth cannot be hidden.
10,Japan without reflection.Japan is a war victim, not a war criminal state.If you are a Korean living today, please watch it.
10,A movie that all Koreans and Japanese should watch! It's such a shame that there aren't many theaters!
10,The indigenous Japanese and the flapping troops who sympathize with them are unlikely to see it
10,A movie that you want to watch as a Korean citizen.
10,Please increase the number of theaters Everyone needs to see it Thank you for showing us
10,I took out the soup and watched it. In fact, I thought that the lives of Koreans who are thirsty for complaints and changes were better. I want to enlighten the poor Japanese. It is the Japanese people who really need this video.
10,Please increase the number of theatersㅜㅜ
10,I'm ashamed that I haven't been interested in this issue myself. I hope more people will see it and feel that it's not someone else's business, but our job to fight together.
10,It should be viewed as mandatory. Let's know the reason and boycott Japan.
10,Documentary for Korea and Japan
10,It reminds me of the must-see movie, the Declaration of Independence. "~ Failure to keep various promises does not mean that Japan cannot be trusted. Japanese scholars and politicians take our land and treat our cultural people like barbarians. "
10,It shows how much the director respects the audience
10,I want to take everyone around me to see it. Please increase the number of theaters!
10,We have to increase the number of theaters
10,Even if some right-wing forces, such as trash, try to distort history, they are blindfolded. What will you do when you record books on the Internet and deliver them to the public like this is a movie.
10,It was my first time to watch a documentary in a movie theater, but it was not boring. I hope you watch it before you go down to a no-Japan situation.
10,I also watched it at Jeonju Independent Theater today. I strongly recommend it.
10,It's a very, very well-made movie that digs up and refutes the "historical revisionism" that keeps denying the Japanese Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue and tries to obscure its essence against the extreme right wing forces in Japan!! "The Abe administration's visit to Yasukuni shrine is like the German government's visit to Hitler."
8,From the end of the movie...
10,It feels like I've approached the inside view of Japan. I recommend it.
10,I want everyone to see it
10,A movie you must watch at least once
10,10 out of 10!@#!@#!@#!@#@!#
10,It's time for attention and love.
10,A documentary film that reveals that Japanese right-wingers are both racist and sexist.
10,Let's encourage CGV to screen. Shouldn't Korea's representative culture-related companies be screened?
8,It gave me a new perspective
10,I've seen the kids
10,I think I saw the Abe administration and the far right at once, which I had been listening to. It's a movie that I really want everyone to watch.
10,We should reflect on what we need to reflect on. We should reflect on human rights abuses committed in other countries. I recommend a movie that makes you think a lot. I hope the number of theaters increased!
10,There are things I knew, but I learned a lot of things I didn't know. It's a great documentary. It makes me cry to see good and righteous people say the right things with their lives even in Japan.
10,You can see the reality of Japan, so please watch it.
10,A movie that all Koreans and Japanese should watch!
10,Kim Bok-dong + Jujeonjang Movie to watch together!
10,Show me in each school class. It is that important movie. Japan's Abe administration should acknowledge the past and face the future.  If not, your future is poop
10,The Japanese interviewed applied for an injunction to ban screening in Japan, saying they didn't know it would be a movie like this. Can you guess what it means? Watch this and listen to the podcast. If you listen to the movie, "How Japan feels," it's the complete version
10,It's a weird movie not being shown on TV.I strongly recommend this movie to relieve your frustration
10,I understood the way Japanese far-rights think of frogs in wells. It illustrates an example of the country's collapse when ignorant people come to power.It is fortunate that Japan has conscientious intellectuals, but the future of Japan will be bleak if the current administration, which states should not apologize, is maintained.
10,a movie that boosts fighting power
7,The land we are on, where is the battlefield and where is not the battlefield.
10,I saw it today. I hope the voices of conscientious Japanese will grow louder.
10,I'm ashamed that I've never been able to go into the details
10,It's a movie that we should all watch!
10,I just watched it with general patriotism, but until the middle of the movie, which is more amazing than I thought, I think Koreans should see the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem, and the second half is deeply conveyed about the situation in Japan to the point that Japanese should see it. I got goosebumps
10,Those who are awake
10,It's a documentary that organizes the contents of complicated problems and digs them into them with insight. It's a must-see documentary.
10,The content is not limited, and it deals with Japanese society as a whole and perception, so it's really beneficial and there are traces of hard work in making it
10,It's a documentary that's easy to understand. I really hope everyone can see it!
10,I hope you watch it after increasing the number of theaters
8,Rather than hoping to feel the exhilaration of accusing Japan of atrocities, it's rather complicated, diverse, conflicting, and sometimes even reaching out to people who want to know "about this issue," "closely
10,Why aren't there any theaters? There's no promotion.
10,Instead of relying on emotions, he explains the facts and the truth pleasantly to the audience. We need to know the dirty parts of Japan's Abe Cabinet so that our country can respond accordingly.
10,I think I saw a good movie after a long time. It was a movie that made us think again about the stance we should stand in college
10,I hope to see you at least once in this situation. You can see what the current Abe administration is trying to exterminate Japanese Military Sexual Slavery for in the past, not for the sake of soup.
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase as soon as possible.
10,You can feel it well.
10,If you admit Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, Japan's reputation will be tarnished and it will not be an armed country, so you were shameless with the mask of evil. The terrible collaboration between a class A war criminal grandson and an ignorant impersonator is making Japan sick!
10,A movie that you want to give a rating of 10 even though you haven't watched it
10,This is a must-see movie...But why aren't there many theaters?
8,It's easy to think about, but if you look deep, it's power I felt it. Before you say no, you need to find out what you want to say I think Koreans must watch this movie.  The theater is miserable! Let's go back to the 1965 Korea-Japan Agreement.
10,I'm amazed by the bare face of the Japanese right wing. I want everyone to know and see. Especially, I want politicians to watch it.
10,It's a must-see movie.
10,A must-see movie. It lingers in my mind.
10,It's a combination of value and reality. I strongly recommend it.
10,Japan's Far-Rightists Show Their Face That Makes Only Their Own Claims Must-see Movie
10,It was a good documentary that helped me look back at the perspective of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery... and it's just a shame that there aren't many theaters
9,I think it is a very timely movie that the Korean people must watch.On the evening of Liberation Day, I hope that it will be aired on TV so that the whole nation can see the faces of the right-wing politicians in Japan.
10,Japan has become a country without press and human rights.
10,There aren't many theaters...How can you go when you can't go?That's right. I just got off...It wouldn't have been bad if it was released on the weekend.OOO is an hour away, but I can't make it.You're like a bunch of theater boys
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery question from an objective perspective.Perhaps that's why he faced the uglier face of Japan. Our history that we should not forget...
10,I really hope everyone can see this. It's a meaningful movie with various thoughts! As the director said, I hope both of us can see it
10,It is a documentary that digs into the inside and background of Japanese far-rights who desperately try to hide their war crimes. Now it's time to make a documentary in our country about daggers and 503 dirty backbiting and pro-Japanese groups that eat up the country
10,Make sure you watch it. It's a movie that shows which country we have next to
10,You're solving a serious topic in a witty way
10,The movie was perfect from approach to editing and music. I hope a lot of people will see.
10,The best documentary I've seen lately. It's dealing with the Japanese Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue and it's telling us what the inside story is.
10,Don't you see the trashy multiplexes showing up in the parking lot?
10,Why are there so few theaters? Stretch it out
10,It's a movie that I want crazy Ilbe living in this era to watch and wake up.
10,I watched it with my nephew and I recommend watching it with my family and acquaintances.
10,According to Ian Burmese, in pre-Meiji Japan...The Japan that the current right wing changed...The Japanese that we normally recognize as Japan...The courageous echo that destroys the ugly truth of Japan, which has actually morphed
10,Pro-North Korea, anti-Japan, anti-U.S., peaceful unification, and social democracy are the answers. Let's make a country where everyone lives well and is happy
10,NO JAPAN. Yes, the main battlefield. "I couldn't do the independence movement, but I will watch this movie." It's a must-see movie!
8,A movie that lets you know what happens if your own party rules for more than 20 years! The past time when Japan has been highly valued has been so ignorant. Meanwhile, the Japanese people also felt sympathy for themselves. I recommend the documentary battleground that made you feel sympathy for the reason why the dog next door barks.
10,I want everyone to see it.
10,Make sure you look at the kettle. I want more theaters.
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters, but it's a must-see movie! It's a movie that you have to watch many times!!! Get ready to grab your neck and wipe your tearscrying
10,At least all the students should see. There are too few theaters.The tax should be spent on supporting film production and watching.
1,The right is raving to frame it as pro-Japanese. That's why the left is disgusting. Isn't Hong Young-pyo a true indigenous Japanese?
10,It is not just a history of sadness and pain, but a grateful documentary that confronted reality and enlightened what was happening in what situation. My heart was pounding. I hope you all watch it
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery List the background and main points of the problem and gradually reveal the contradictions on the Japanese side. Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryI can feel Japan's ambition related to problems.
10,Make sure you watch it. It's not an ideological movie It's an objective human rights movie from the American perspective Watch it with your family It's a movie you have to watch Please increase the number of theaters and the number of days
10,A movie that pursues anti-right, not anti-Japanese. May the challenges and struggles of the awake Japanese people, and may the day come when leaders who tell the truth lead Japan.
10,Strongly recommended! Be careful of the anger gauge
10,To be honest, I thought Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problems were boring, and I ignored them because I didn't want to know the uncomfortable truth. I sincerely reflect on myself.
10,I hope many people watch it.
6,It wouldn't have been bad to watch without any expectations.But I was disappointed because I had high expectations.
10,The bugs don't even know how to rate it
10,It's hard to find a theaterㅠ
10,I watched it late because I was worried that it would rain next week. The structure is good and the director gave it to me in a very smart way, so I have a lot to think about. I heard a lot about our position and thought I knew it well, but I decided to think about it more broadly. I saw it well done.
10,A movie that makes you think a lot. It was a movie that asked a new question to me, who had turned a blind eye to the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem.
10,If you are a Korean citizen, you must watch it. Not to have evidence of anger, but to know it right.
10,After drawing a logical thinking map through deep thoughts, I watched it with great concentration because I couldn't miss all the scenes. We have to drag this fight with a more detailed but rational, unabated hot force and finally end it.
10,There is no theater, so you can't see it here in the provinces even if you want to.I am worried about a society that forgets history and only puts importance on making money.
10,A really well-made movie. A movie that explains why Abe is crazy. I want to watch it again on the weekend. Best movie of the year!!!
10,I hope to see not only Korea but also the people of Asian countries who have experienced the same problems, as well as good Japanese citizens who do not know and have no interest in this issue, and even the citizens of the United States and advanced human rights countries.May the world be a world where lies are revealed and truth and justice are enhanced.
10,Hate is a delusion that is elaborate and exaggerated, but always devoid of substance.  A must-see movie in 2019!
10,But it's a shame that Yoon Seo-in and Professor Lee Young-hoon are missing.
8,Step by step, the power of truth to destroy the logic of Japan's far right
10,I thought it would be nice to see and interpret the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem objectively, not only in Korea but also in the world I hope you'll be able to see more movie theaters
10,I strongly recommend Japanese-American Declaration of Conscience, a movie that should be watched by all Koreans and Japanese. What was disappointing was that there were not many theaters
10,It's a must watch movie!!! The horrifying reality of Abe Japan!A movie that the world, especially China, should watch!!!!
10,We should be interested in this kind of movie
10,I hope there are more theaters
10,Please increase the number of theaters. Recommendation for Konkuk University CGV. It's in front of my house.
9,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery A movie that shows that there are various things in the problem, such as racism, gender discrimination, fascism, etc
10,Please, please increase the number of theaters!
10,A documentary with a sense of calm and dynamic. I've been so angry. It's really well-made. Applause for Mickey Dejaki's courage
10,a thorough documentary of emotional exclusion I can feel the coach's efforts and hard work against Japan's ridiculous far right. It is not irrelevant to the present situation. Abephan militarism should not be allowed.
10,A movie that should be watched by people all over the world. It rings the audience with reason and logic without appealing to emotions. After the movie, I cried because I was so sad about this reality. It's really great. I applaud the director's passion and persistence.
10,Please increase the number of theaters There aren't that many placesI hope more and more people can watch it
10,Thank you, Abe. Thank you, Japan meeting
10,A must-see movie! Especially conservatives!
10,Recently, Japanese far-right politicians' consistent speeches...We should sacrifice for the national interest rather than individual freedom and human rights.That's the tone... The context of this was finally understood through this movie. A trick to understand the direction of the country that Japan's current ruling power wants to lead.
10,I was moved by the conscientious Japanese director. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,"Why don't you show such movies on CGV in this era?" "Even Japanese Americans want to keep the benefits they see in front of their independence movement. Let's live like a human being."
9,It was good because it seemed like you were calmly unraveling the content.
9,Well-made and recommended documentaries.
10,Japanese politicians tame the people to live a good life, and the descendants of the core of the Japanese Empire are now preparing to return to that time.Many foreigners have to watch this movie. I think the Japanese people will want to know about history only when they are criticized from the outside.
10,Please increase the number of theaters...
10,It's a bit shocking that only 160,000 people saw it.Please increase the number of theaters.You need to put this kind of movie up.Don't just think about money, please...I watched it with interest.It was also an opportunity to get to know the opinions of Japanese right-wingers more accurately.
10,A movie that tells the truth and history right away...
8,An interview-oriented film rather than a scathing criticism.If it's a twist, who is the woman with the twist?Looking at this, I think it would be better for our country to be a red country than to be attached to a hellish Japan.
9,I'm sorry. I dozed off in the second half. How can such a good documentary film be released at night?
10,I really want to see it! Please increase the number of theaters
10,I felt the potential of Japanese intellectuals.  We look back on ourselves.
10,It's sad. I have to watch it The movie? No? Want to
10,I think it's 10 times better than Bong Joon Ho's "Parasite." History, politics, and human rights in Japan. It's all so vivid. There's a twist in the last shot of the movie. Five stars is not enough. I'm sure it will be a good industry education for my children.Please submit it to the Cannes Film Festival.
10,Damn Lee Haechan, you've been on TV for a while, but who will be on this side of the camp? It's because of alcohol rather than torture. Watch the movie, watch the jacks, watch the japanese right wingers, learn their double-sex arrogance. Do the same
10,If there's only one movie you shouldn't miss this summer, it's the main battlefield. It shows that the history debate is not just a struggle for nationality, but a struggle for worldview.
10,Thank you for the great movie
10,A must-see movie!Please increase the number of theaters!
10,Um... I recommend this movie because it is a good movie to understand various perspectives that allowed me to understand things that I couldn't understand.
10,I watched it over the weekend. The theater is at least worth visiting. If you know the Japanese right-wing sentiment, the way they think, and their sentiments, you can see why these things continue. I think we need to know the other person so that we can respond
10,I watched it with my younger brother, and I'm going to watch it again with my parents.  The reason why our young people should know and pay attention to history.  I'm going to watch a good independent movie.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I've never seen a documentary so well-informed about issues before. It's a shame that the reservation rate is low.
10,You can see under what structure Japan's right wing is active. You can see the bare face of the Abae regime, which is running toward endless distortions of historical facts and militarism. I highly recommend it to everyone.
10,It's a successful documentary movie, but it's not boring.I've known him for a while, but he's still...
10,Is this a must?
10,When you go watch it, buy a big coke and go home
10,It is necessary to understand the current international situation and to understand Japan's behavior. After watching the movie, I thought the future of Japan would be very dark.
10,Why doesn't CGV show these movies? Shouldn't there be more theaters at times like this?  I can't believe it. The number of movie theaters--
10,A must-see movie for Koreans!
10,The movie broke the wrong claims of the Japanese far-right revisionists by showing symmetrical opposite positions by items so that even those who were not interested at all could easily understand. I heard that it will be released in Japan, so I hope many good Japanese will be aware of this problem after watching this movie.
10,A must-see movie for both Koreans and Japanese
10,More than 90 percent of the documentaries are more communicative and interesting because they come from the mouths of Japanese and American-Japanese.
10,A movie that shows the true nature of Japanese power and reminds us why historical consciousness is important
10,I could see why they were trying to incite and bury. A movie that Korean people must watch. Let's not fight over the next country...
10,I am ashamed and angry that the war criminal state is a neighboring country I hope you're calm
10,A documentary with a lot of information and fast development that requires concentration, but a shock and reversal awaits.
1,No other country in the history of boring anti-Japanese education is as clingy as Korea
10,I'm coming to my senses
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery The problem, the reality of Japan's right-wingers, the center of America! It was a documentary that scratched the itchy parts well. I hope many people watch it.
10,I would recommend it to those who argue rationally. The last message is impressive. Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryPeople who admit the truth can tell the truth without citing the number of people, such as the age and number of people who are dragged. The number is an excuse for the other person
10,A movie that makes you laugh. I recommend you watch it at least once
10,Let's increase the number of theaters. I hope Japanese people can watch it, too
10,Please look it up.
10,Whatever you wonder about this question has all the answers. First, look.
8,It was a movie that everyone had to watch.
10,Let's watch it. It's meaningful.
10,If you are a Korean citizen, please watch it~~
10,I definitely recommend this kind of documentary
10,Watching Myeongdong CGV.Even though many foreigners, including Japanese, came to see it, the empty seats were bitter.Clear, witty and objective. It lingers for a long time.Thank you so much to the production crew for making this movie I hope to make it into a variety of language versions and promote it in the country
10,We can realize what is at the heart of the current Korea-Japan relations issue
10,I'll make sure to go see it.I hope a lot of people will see it
10,It really objectively summarized Japan's argument that is not logical through facts That's what I think. I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,I want to see Cheonan too
10,If you've seen and felt it, please increase the number of theaters
10,You really have to watch it. It is completely different from what has been said. You're getting mad, so open up more theaters.
10,I recommend you to watch itYou'll see a little bit of who they are
10,We need to see this movie.
10,Mickey Dejockey! You're a great director^^ It's a movie that the whole nation should watch
10,You have to watch it to get to know Japan.
10,I wish there were more theaters...
10,It's worth keeping after paying for VOD.
10,It's the first movie that made me think that I should act. As a Korean and a person who knows history right away, I recommend you to watch it.
10,It's a movie that delightfully shows the illogical arguments of the Japanese!
10,I went to see it without information and I was touched. That's the best movie I've seen this year. It's amazing that the number of audiences in Japan, which was released first, exceeded 60,000 in conservative Japan.
10,A must-see movie! We need to increase the number of theaters
8,Intelligent and humorous!
10,If you are Korean, you must see it
10,You have to watch it.Really
10,It's a movie that tells us what Japan we have to deal with in the current situation, and what kind of people are that move Japan. The movie tells us that we are not just fighting the Abe administration, but fighting Japan, which is dominated by those who wish to return to Japan during the imperial era.
10,We learn why Abe and the extreme right of the Japanese Congress deny sexual slavery and forced labor
10,It's fun. A lot, a lot, a lot
10,I cried while watching the movie because I was so angry
10,Two hours of watching the movie was not boring. Please increase the number of theaters.
10,Best movie I've seen this year.It was more fun than the And game.
10,I understand why Abe is doing something crazy. Let's watch a lot of movies. What do you mean 10,000 people?
10,I felt like blood was disappearing all over my body.
10,Let's hope the screening continues!!
10,a really interesting and well-made documentary
10,There is no guarantee that boycotts are necessarily the right way. But trade retaliation is certainly unfair. There are too many "Ilbe"
10,It's too bad that there aren't many theaters. I'm glad I barely found you.
10,A movie that Japanese right-wingers are trying to ban. It's pro-life not to watch.
10,If you search for theaters on the CGV app or Megabox app instead of Naver booking, there are more theaters by region! CGV is played in Incheon CGV, Pyeongtaek, Gyeonggi Province, and there are five places in Seoul. I watched the movie and I hope many people watch it!
10,I strongly recommend a movie that everyone should watch
10,I sincerely recommend the movie.And please increase the number of theatersㅜ
10,I'm glad there's Dongsung Art Hall in Daegu.
10,Looking at it, I think the anger against Japan becomes concrete as a whole, and I hope you see it a lot especially in the younger generation
10,Please increase the number of theatersㅠㅠ 제발 Please to Incheon too ㅜㅜ!!I am a high school student who is interested in history and I want to watch it with my friends!!
8,There's no theater in this city ㅜㅜ
10,It's a must-see movie for people all over the world. Thanks to the director, please get well. I'm looking forward to the second movie. I hope the number of theaters will increase, and I hope it will be aired on TV in the future so that more people can watch it. Hashtag campaign #main battlefield_viewing certification #main battlefield_purchase movement
10,There is no theater in Ulsan. I hope to see it in Busan
10,I hope there will be more theaters.I recommend you to take a look.
10,It's a documentary movie, but it's worth watching.
10,If a campaign to certify the key players took place, Koreans should regardless of whether they are conservative or progressive.I need to know
10,It's a pretty smart documentary.    Please watch it a lot^^
10,an objective truth The truth I want all of us to know. And their mask-wearing looks and their bare faces. Let's remember that the fight is still going on
10,Please increase the number of theatersPlease, please
10,a smart movie that binds the Japanese to what they say
10,It makes me realize that I thought it was a problem I knew, but I didn't know it properly
10,I watched it with my elementary and middle school children. There are many things that elementary school son doesn't understand yet, but it was a meaningful time for all of his family.
10,I think it would be better if it included how Japan's extreme right forces and Korea's extreme right forces work together. One disappointment is that the screen goes by so fast that it is not easy to read subtitles. In particular, there are many elderly people, but these people don't seem to be easy.
10,I want to see it, but it's not in Suwon TheaterㅜㅜI tried to pay for it on TV, but it didn't come outㅜㅜ
8,It was good that the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem, in which various agendas were aggregated, was well organized. But I felt like I had too much to say.
10,Please increase the number of theaters for 815 ㅠㅠT
10,It's a movie that the whole nation, the whole world must see. I don't understand why it's showing on such a small scale. I'm frustrated that the theater district can't screen a lot of these things before profits.
10,It's been a while since I saw this documentary. Recommendation
10,It's a movie that reminds me of the need to study about Japan
10,This kind of movie will be hard to watch again.Thank you, director Miki Tezaki and the staff
10,I recommend it. There aren't many theaters
10,Let's cheer up in Korea. I recommend it
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery He got to the heart of the problem and I enjoyed watching the two hours of running time without boredom. It's a documentary that I want to recommend to people around me.
10,Increase the number of theaters.I want to see you too.
10,Thank you. I hope more people can watch it!
10,I really hope you watch it.
8,The movie was good, but there weren't many theaters, and the seats in front of the theater I went to were bombshells. I thought you came to pay for the CBR... Wash up and go around...
10,Please increase the number of theaters! Please stretch it out!
10,I hope you watch it! Recommendation
1,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryTestimony: In 1937, I was in Southeast Asia, I was in a straw car, I saw a helicopter. In 1937, the Japanese didn't make inroads into Southeast Asia, and the Japanese didn't operate a straw car or helicopter. All they said was facts and now all they had left is juice
10,You should watch the movie that helped you learn the truth
10,A movie that the whole nation must watch!
10,A must-see piece to understand the current situation
10,I hope you see people who think it's fake or inciting.Is the Japanese-American director also a Democrat?I think we should approach history issues objectively, leaving the left and the right, and if you don't have that much faith in the Korean media, make sure to watch this movie. Please take a look and think about it again.
10,I'm thankful and angry
10,I want to watch it, but there's no theater
10,It's not O.Coups, it's this movie!
10,If KBS and MBC are really public broadcasters, buy the copyright and broadcast on terrestrial channels right now!
10,My heart is heavy.Fortunately, this movie was released.Unfortunately, there are many people who don't know this movie.
10,Even though it was a documentary, it was fun and not boring. Above all, it was a movie that made me think a lot. There are few theaters, but I hope they will be known and shown a lot.
10,The first story was boring, but the more I watched it, the more I could understand the thoughts of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery and the thoughts of other countries, so I must watch it at least once!!
10,You can tell it's 10 points.
10,Their ugly bare faces imbued with chauvinistic discrimination. The reason for all the problems is that you don't feel ashamed of yourself.
10,Such a movie deserves to be aired in theaters or on terrestrial channels, even if the public raises money. Only by knowing their own league of militarism and imperialism can we win in the future.I can't fight a war
10,Abe will be very scared of this movie. That's why I have to watch it. It's something I'd rather do on public TV.
10,This is like a war  Recommend.
10,If you have any thoughts regarding trade retaliation, it is right to thoroughly exclude Japanese products and Japanese culture from traveling to Japan
10,The arguments are ridiculous even from such an objective perspective. All I watched was sighs. I hope many people, regardless of whether they are Korean or Japanese, will watch it.
10,Good. I can see what's inside of Japan
10,I watched it alone today. It's a movie that everyone must watch.
10,Make sure to watch what's going on in Japan.Two hours passed by in a flash
10,It was a movie that made me realize the reality of Japan.
10,Please increase the number of theaters
10,Shouldn't the public see all the insidious acts of Abe and the Japanese Association of Crime Groups now? Increase the number of theaters.
10,I think it's a must-see movie for Koreans.It was a time for us to understand in detail the current state of Japan trying to get back to militarism and think about the position we should take.I hope it'll be shown at a regular movie theater.
10,It is a masterpiece that highlights the standard of attitude that a documentary dealing with the clever and sensitive subject of a fact bomber director who leaves the judgment to the audience after listing objective data. Shouldn't we increase the number of theaters and promote these kinds of movies?
10,I want to see it, but there aren't many Let's solve the problem
10,Remember the testimony of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery survivors who lived in sexual slavery under the full control of the Japanese army without free will. The Japanese government should apologize. Take legal responsibility. Educate the facts.
9,Maybe even Koreans didn't know about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery
10,What would a movie like this do if it doesn't have 10 million viewers?
10,Why is this theater like this? Please show it to all movie theaters nationwide. Or do a special broadcast after the screening. That's too much.
10,I hope a lot of people can watch it
1,You've been working against the sun.
10,It's too bad there aren't many theaters. I think it'd be good if a lot of people watched it
10,It's a documentary, but it's not boringThere were only daytime and late at night, so after work and housework, I went far to the theater and watched it at 23:00
10,A movie that Koreans must watch? No, a truth that they must know
10,The one who doesn't give up wins, but one side is tired.
10,You must see this movie. It tells the direction of Japan in the past and today.
10,The Abe administration, which dreams of reviving ugly imperialism with its blind people on its back by blocking Japan's eyes and ears, is being accused to the world. Let's increase the number of theaters and time zones and promote it extensively!
10,It's a pity that the cumulative audience is less than 10,000. I.T
10,It's a movie with a heavy message I hope Japanese people watch it.
10,This serious stuff...I was worried that I would get sick after watching it, but it made me concentrate one of the most recent movies I watched, and it was fun and touching.  As my grandmother said, "Don't hate people," I sincerely thank Japanese people who are more courageous than Koreans, and the director who made this movie more objective. I wanted to stay awake.
10,After seeing this, I understood why they are trying to distort history so much. This is something that the whole world, especially our country, should see.
10,There are so few movie theaters that all Koreans should watchI hope the people who want to see it on TV will see it.
10,Please increase the number of theaters. I'll go watch it ㅠㅠ I'll watch it if I get paid after payday! Why are there so few theaters for such a good movie?
10,Please increase the number of theaters It hasn't been long since it was released, but there aren't many movie theaters or time zones to watch
10,I watched it. If you're Korean, you must watch it
10,I recommend that you watch it.
10,It's fun to objectify history
8,It was surprising to see who was at the center of the forces leading Japan.
10,I want to watch it, but there aren't many movie theaters so I couldn't watch it I am writing a comment because I want to see it. Why is there no promotion for this movie and the number of movie theaters is small? I was going to go watch it on Wednesday Culture Day, but this movie doesn't even have a discount on Culture Day I'll have to watch it on vod later
10,Be sure to watch it! It's a movie that exposes the basis and level of various claims made by Korean + Japanese + American figures.
10,It wasn't something I knew for the first time, but I watched it indignantly.  Especially, I'm embarrassed. Why can't we show such a movie in Gyeonggi-do?  The movie theater is so embarrassing. CGV lotte
10,It shows what the far-right Japanese are thinking and working on. I decided not to sell it in Japan
10,Wow, I'm going to see the main stadium in the movie theater, but there's one showing...crying
10,Please increase the number of theaters!
1,It's made by a Japanese. Aren't you going to boycott it? Double sex. That's awesome
10,The content of this movie is closely related to Japan's economic retaliation that is taking place in our country. I think this movie came out at the right time. "Don't be angry and watch it until the end."
10,I strongly recommend movies that Koreans should watch
10,Surprised by exhilarating insights
8,Slowly, slowly, showing both sides...Human beings and principles and logic are compelling. Some of the audience who are excited about the last minute content are somewhat unpleasant because instant excitement is not very powerful.
10,Korea-Japan relations from an objective perspective Let's spread the plot and meanness of Japan's extreme right and Abe
10,You have to watch it. I made it well in the form of an interview about the political position of the United States, the inner feelings of Japan, and the distortion of history.
10,It's nice. Look at her. She's got to goAm only
10,It shows both conflicting views and arguments (provoking anger when listening to the stories of Japanese revisionists) and in the end makes it more clear which side of the objective and substantive truth lies. The huge international political frame that had never been thought of before made us look at the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue.
10,I watched it with a sad heart.
10,A must-see movie in this situation
10,I really appreciate and respect that Japanese director made this movieIt's a must-see movie for Koreans
10,I think they showed each other's perspective on the problem. I hope you all watch it.
10,DJ, who was well known among international scholars! Roh Moo Hyun, who always studied with an innovative eye...I don't think I'll ever have a leader like him.Preconceived notions, the risk of missing the point in a state of emotional servitude. If you miss a scene, you'll get a misjudgment!
10,I'm getting interested in late night snacks
1,A movie made for the money of the pigs
10,Although it was a documentary, the sense of urgency was great, and I learned about the hardships of the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery grandmothers where there was a loophole among the claims of Korea and Japan. I hope it will be resolved as soon as possible.
10,We can see the ugliness of Japan's right wing. However, it is bitter that the controversy over the Park Geun Hye government's history textbook seems to overlap with the Japanese government's history textbook issue.
10,I wish there were more theaters!
10,A movie that we must see for logical armament against Japan
9,While watching the movie, I felt clearly that the narrow mind of humans can be so scary.
10,Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it Look twice. Look three times Director Mickey Dezaki, "Walk on Money" Long live the Republic of Korea!
10,I watched it today, but it's too bad that there aren't many theaters. Make sure to watch it.
10,The theme is Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, but it is a work that explains the present Japan itself, so it is designed to break the Japanese people. The funniest thing about the Japanese government's attempt to democratize is that the person who was deceived, not the one who was deceived, burst into laughter in the interview
10,The whole country needs to see it.
10,I hope many people will see it. Too bad there aren't many theaters. I've come all the way here, and I hope it's released in a close place.
10,It reminds me of the nature of human nature
10,Please increase the number of theaters!A movie that everyone should watch. The reality of the right wing is really;;;;
10,It's the best. It gives me a lot of things to think about
10,A must-see movie. You can see how illogical Japan is.
8,A good documentary for an objective view of the Japanese Japanese Military Sexual Slavery. I recommend it to both Japanese and Koreans. I was impressed by the fact that it was not a confrontation between the two countries, but a matter of human rights. The human rights defenders also felt that it was great to point out that it was not good to emphasize victimhood.
10,A good documentary that Koreans should watch and be wary of Japan
10,Japan is not a democracy
9,the flick of the caption I think you have to watch it twice to get it right, so I go watch it again.It's not a movie that just opens up Japan. The last toad looks like President Lee Kunhee.
10,I hope they're ruined
10,If you watch this movie, you will be able to see the perception of Japan from a different perspective.
10,It's a masterpiece. It directly breaks the logic of the Japanese government, the far right, and the pro-Japanese forces in Korea.
10,The Japanese conference and political forces should reflect on the past and acknowledge it.That way, we can go into the future. May the consciousness of ordinary citizens of Japan be awakened. And Japanese Military Sexual Slavery grandmothers. Our younger generation will never forget and remember and get an apology.
9,It is more obvious from an objective point of view
10,A movie that gives a glimpse of the inside of the Japanese right wing that we didn't know in detail - I highly recommend it.
10,Bupyeong Korean Theater is airing. Make sure to watch it
10,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryI enjoyed the movie, which shows how Japanese people view the problem.
10,Korea and China can't keep up with Japan's technology, Korea is a cute country that complains to Japan, and Japan's right-wing forces show the extreme of patheticness. Japan is next to us in such a low-quality country.
8,Beyond the mass madness, I just don't understand The present government of Japan is very dangerous And the same goes for America.
10,If you are a Korean citizen, you should watch it...!
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery When we listened to conflicting claims about the issue of Japan, not just our own perspective, there were angry scenes, but the issue of the past was more touching.It was a movie that came out in the midst of confusion due to the current Japanese export regulations and the boycott of Japan.Japan's right wingers are so disgusting.
10,The logic of the Japanese far right...It's the same as Jahandang
10,There aren't many theaters, so I went far on a busy weekday eveningI have no regrets I recommend you to watch it
10,The Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue is not a Korea-Japan match. The fight between truth and lies. It's a fight for human rights. It's not a matter of nationalism, it's a matter of humanity, it's a fight for people, not for the nation. There's no such thing as "neutral" in this matter
10,It has been showing in Japan since April until now. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I used to cry when I watched movies, but this movie calmly deals with two conflicting claims, so I could look at the past issue, which I couldn't help but be cool. I hope more and more people saw it in Korea.
10,Please increase the number of theaters
10,If you knew Japan and Japan vaguely, you must see it
10,Thank you for making this movie. A movie that everyone should watch in Korea. It's not about Korea and Japan, it's about human rights
10,Please increase the number of theaters crying
10,If you're not an emotional person, analyze it coolly, poke your nose into the water, make you look at the reality so that you don't get upset
10,I've been watching this for a long time and I've been sighing.I couldn't help it. Let's show them who lost their minds.
10,Abeya, a normal country is not a country that can wage war, but a country that reflects on its mistakes and protects human rights!
10,Isn't Korea such a cute country? The pre-modern and nonsensical concept of the Japanese conference makes me laugh out of anger. A movie that the whole nation should watch if they lose their lives!
10,I'm looking forward to it! I'll make sure to go see the kettle
10,It's an objective and clever movie. It is a movie that even suggests how to accept and respond to the petty and shallow logic of the Japanese right wing, which is based on racism. I'm very immersed and I didn't miss the fun of the movie. I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,Why Abe is running wild. That explains it.
10,It was the best documentary!
8,Abe's rearmament is key
10,I recommend this movie to watch with all my conscience in my life. It's a movie that all Koreans should watch.
10,I hope it works out even better
10,It is a documentary that neutralizes Korean and Japanese positions. I try to understand Japan's position, but it's hard because I'm Korean. I enjoyed watching it, and I hope many people will see this movie.
10,It's a really good movie. We have to learn history so that we don't make mistakes again.
10,CGV, Lotte, Megabox. Aren't they too mean? Personally, please secure the number of theaters. It's a movie that should be seen and felt by more audiences in this situation
10,A life documentary that opened my eyes to a new perspective on Japanese Military Sexual Slavery.
10,The fact that Abe's grandfather was a class A war criminal...I found out through this movie. Maybe I've been too ignorant. Therefore, I might have tried to delete the contents of Japanese Military Sexual Slavery in the textbook like that. Japan still thinks Korea is their dog. Recommend.
10,A must-see movie. A must-see movie
10,I hope that the promotion goes better and everyone watches it
9,A film that focuses on human rights in an objective sense. A movie that reveals the ugly side of Abe why one should be wary of Abe
10,I'll have to see it when the Olleh comes out.I can't go far to Busan...But if a lot of people watch it in places where it's being projected, will it be released here too?
10,It's worth watching.
10,A movie that I don't want to end
10,Get the coordinates of the caterpillars and before the terror attacks...
10,Such a good movie should be widely promoted. Personally, I want it to be full of audiences, but when it's settled, I want it to be shown to children in each middle and high school auditorium.
10,I've seen the horrible thoughts of Japan. My heart aches and I feel nauseous. It's a movie that all Koreans should watch.From now on, boycotts will be forever...Let's oust indigenous Japanese in next year's general election!
2,What is this movie? He's manipulating the score
10,You should watch a movie like this. If you're Korean,
10,Of course, it's 10 points...
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,Increase the number of theaters!What is CGV?
10,It is doubtful that there are no movie theaters that Koreans under the Abe administration must watch, which is impossible to understand even if they calmly examine the behavior of Abe and the far right
10,You have to watch the news instead We need to respond strategically with more accurate knowledge
10,A movie that Koreans must watch... It is a movie that can be used as a learning material.
10,Emotions fluctuated the whole time I watched. I was angry and sorry at the same time. I've been too indifferent. Do I deserve to swear at them?
10,Increase the number of theaters and increase the running time.
10,Make sure you watch it.For sure
10,It's been a while since I've come out with more anger than a movie. I didn't know when I was watching the news, but Japan is really serious... Please, the number of theaters
10,I could see what it was to see right.
10,It's a really good movie.I hope many Koreans watch it
9,The first movie to write a review. History is distorted if we don't remember. I hope many people can share what they saw and felt.
10,I saw it because Kim Eo-jun mentioned it, and I thought it was something that the people should see and share! When I went in to make a reservation with my friend, the number of theaters in Seoul on weekdays increased a little from three to seven. I hope we can improve more!
10,I want more theaters and more people to watch it.I hope private companies can save money and apply for movies.A meaningful movie with a lot of content to know and move on.
10,I recommend it. Don't worry and watch it!
10,an American of Japanese descent I approached with accurate eyes.As expected, three letters are correct.
10,The fact check is really well done. It was nice to hear the arguments of both sides.
10,It's a must-see movie in Japan and Korea
10,The bare face of the extreme right of Japan, just as it is. Conscience, shameless people. At its peak, Abe...
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I couldn't understand the Japanese government/media/social behavior on the problem, but I feel like I got to know it at once after watching this movie. The very fundamental and structural causes are well identified. A great deal of information and opinions is constantly rife. You have to watch it twice.
10,Behind Japan is America!
10,Watch on the evening of July 25th. Japan's right-wingers who think Korea is a spoiled child are shocked! Tomorrow again as a review. Here we go!
10,The best documentary. Cool
10,It's hard to watch it until the end because of the vertical rise in blood pressure, but I hope everyone can watch it together.
10,It was a little hard to listen to Japanese right-wingers' dogs for two hours, but I think I was able to dig up more of their bare faces in their masks because they were Japanese producers. It's an exciting, intelligent, and meaningful movie that you don't even know two hours pass by!
10,I felt heavy after watching the movie. As a Korean, I too easily reflect on the formality of learning our still ongoing history from textbooks. Also, thank you to the Japanese and Koreans who are fighting the truth.
10,Please extend the theater and duration. Please expand the supply to local movie theaters.
10,What a good documentary!
10,The reason why the truth should be told
10,It is the story of a grandmother Japanese Military Sexual Slavery (who was forced to live a difficult life as a Japanese soldier sexual slavery). It introduces the stories of historical negatives, but paradoxically, Japan's atrocities are revealed. We can even confirm the reality of the Japanese conference, which is provoking an economic war against Korea. It's a good movie
10,I hope that elementary, middle, and high school students and even college students will be required to screen at school. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery is a well-made movie that deals with the problem in earnest and in-depth
10,The reality of Japan's far-right forces, which are more absurd than ever heard
10,It's a movie I want to see. There aren't enough theaters
10,A movie that did something big that Korean filmmakers couldn't do. I hope all schools show it as educational materials.
10,It was the first time I had heard the arguments of Japanese right-wing forces in detail, but it was absurd and unfounded to the point where I thought it was directed. Those who think like that are sitting on top of each other, so the current situation is a natural result. I wanted to put an uppercut on the face of the last one who smiled and said that Korea was cute.
10,If you are Korean, you must watch this movieJapanese film director but analyzed well in the middle and why Japanese Military Sexual Slavery.We can see if he denies forced labor
10,We need to know properly
10,It is a must-see movie as a Korean citizen. It's a movie that makes me personally reflect on myself. Recommend.
10,It's a movie that you must watch
9,The movie I want to see again. The strong criticism of Japanese right-wingers and the United States and the violation of human rights are a matter that cannot and should not be hidden in the end. I hope to see you in many countries
10,Grandmothers, cheer up! The whole country is rooting for you  I saw Eumgil last week, and there weren't many theaters, so I went to the Independent Theater to watch it
10,Japan also has a hidden conscience.
10,I wish there would be more theaters
10,Right now (2019.07) A must-see movie
9,A movie that doesn't need words.I hope this movie will be exported to the whole world.
10,Please increase the number of theaters. Please supply it overseas. It's an important record. It has to be documented on the air.
10,Japanese Military Sexual Slavery movie Bible class with depth, balance, and commercial elements.
10,I hope that a lot of people watch it.I strongly recommend it!
10,We can see the creepy intentions of the Japanese conference.A must-see movie for Koreans.
10,I don't watch movies for fun. Abe's Japanese parliament, the motto of the religion is Shinto, and I understand why we should not recognize their current stance on our country, Japanese Military Sexual Slavery. Recommend.
10,I was angry at the way some of the right-wing Japanese people think, but I also realized that I didn't know much about Japanese Military Sexual Slavery. It was an opportunity to think about it more, and I hope other people watch it if they have a chance.
10,A must-see movie. I strongly recommend it
10,Make sure you watch it.You can play it in history class.
10,I wanted to see it, but I couldn't find the time, so I decided to buy the ticket onlyI bought it at the end of the front seat. My heart is in the theater...
10,A must-see movie to find out the intentions of Japanese politics
10,In the Great Japanese Earthquake, we donated 100 billion won, but our descendants who wanted to change the constitution and let the Self-Defense Forces come to our country and take control again should not be allowed to face forced labor by Japanese military sexual slavery Maruta  It's the worst of all
10,You can see what Abe is like and why it is important for Japanese rightists to whitewash the issue.
10,I recommend you to watch it.
10,Please increase the number of theaters I had a hard time watching itMickey Dezaki's third-place Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problem. Are you part-timers who press "No"?
1,A low-level anti-Japanese film that will drive brainless pro-North lefties still living in the Japanese colonial era in the 21st century
10,There is no time at all for watching because of the strange movies; shame on you, it's not all about taking a place in the Korean film industry and earning a penny or two.
10,I hope you watch itIt's a movie that makes me think maybe even we've made a wrong generalization.It's a movie that gives us a lot of thought about how to deal with it wisely, and that there are a lot of people who are fighting silently apart from race.
10,Japan's extreme right face is even more ridiculous than I thought
10,You have to refer to it! It's a documentary, but it's not a waste of money
10,ㅠㅠ I really want to watch this movie
10,It's better because it's based on objective data that excludes personal feelings Everyone, watch it
9,I agree that it is true, and I think it is a well-made documentary movie.
10,I hope these truths will be known to the world and to the good Japanese who know nothing about them. Don't try to cover up the sky with your hands
10,There aren't many theaters I hope everyone watches it
10,Mio Sugita, Deaki Kase.  It's not human.
10,We could see Japan as it is, not as our imagination and argument. I became more sympathetic to the voices of the grandmothers.
10,I recommend you to watch it.
1,The people of South Korea are so sentimental that they can't even see their heads popping.I'll try to live my life arithmetically. If you do business later and pay attention to the market economy, you'll see a little bit of what these movies mean and political intentions
10,Why are there so many theaters?
10,Please enlarge the theater! The theater!
10,When it comes out on DVD, I want to give it to conscientious Japanese people
10,I'll give you 10 points for a movie with a conscience
10,Let's see why the ratings are 0 on the front screen of NAVER
10,A much better-than-expected movie. Well-made. A must-see movie for Koreans. I strongly recommend it!
6,I want to see you in Changwon, too~~
10,It's a movie that helps you have the right view of history.
10,I hope you do it on public TV
10,Apart from nationalism, the film shows how racist, sexist, and anti-humanitarian the Japanese right wing claims are and how blind they are. The arguments of people who claim to be self-proclaimed conservatives in our country seem to overlap. Even though it was a documentary, I lost track of time.
10,Even though it was over 2 hours, I was immersed in it I'm not bored Make sure to watch it!
10,I don't want to. Who'
10,I saw it today. Many Japanese Military Sexual Slavery-related movies are not interesting, so I haven't watched them. It's my first time to watch a related movie and independent movie, but I feel like I've been hit. Japanese Military Sexual Slavery I saw how big, organized, and irrational the old ladies were fighting against I see an enemy
10,It's the first time I've felt anger dozens of times while watching a movie. I think it resembles Hitler who started World War II through the Abe administration's right-leaning policy, education policy, and fascism of the past. The last one is "Self-proclaimed historian"
10,The boycott of Japan should continue
10,The movie reminds us that the threat of the extreme right in Japan is ongoing. I hope this movie will be widely known and fewer people will be fooled by the public opinion battle of Japan's far-right forces.
10,I watched it. There is no need for words. I think it would be good for more people to see the kettle.
10,I didn't know Japan would be this bad. Increase the number of theaters
10,It is the most necessary movie in this era and the fundamental movie to create a solid Korea again.
1,During the 80 years of Goryeo's colonial rule of Mongolia, which had been a tribute to many Joseon women for 500 years, they created an organization called Oberchi Women Chugo Byeogam and wrote many Goryeo women to Mongolia and Yuan Dynasty
10,Everyone, make sure to watch it I hope Japanese people can watch it too
1,It just shows the reality of the imagination, with no story, no work, no plot, no plot, no plot, no plot, no plot, no plot, nothing less. It's better to say "Confession"
10,Why does a Japanese-American director make this first?In Japan, the government operates a commentary unit to promote the right wing or Abe by misleading them.I wonder if our country has made little effort to make the world aware of the ugly reality of the Japanese regime.
10,I'm looking for a place that opened
8,The third party's cold eyes and hot hosting
10,I want to watch it, but why isn't there a movie in the movie theater?
10,Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryThe problem is interpreted as a matter of women's human rights beyond the problems of countries and countries, and people all over the world should be aware of it. And the real person to watch this movie should realize how uncivilized and immoral the Japanese are.
10,Koreans would think they know all about Dokdo and Japanese Military Sexual Slavery problems, but after watching this movie, they will know that it was an illusion! A masterpiece documentary that sometimes rises, sometimes admires meticulous logic, and is amazed by the reality of Abe and other far-right forces!
10,It's so heartbreaking that I can't imagine how hard the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery grandmothers have been struggling, and I hope they can fulfill their dream of a sincere apology from Japan in their lifetime. I hope that this Japanese defeat will not continue to the next generation.
10,It leads the film to a debate of each perspective in line with the title "The Main Battleground." A lot of the content is well organized. As the director said, it was a useful time to know the parts, events, and the overall context that I didn't know. Thank you so much!
10,A movie that Koreans must watch!No, people all over the world have to watch it.It's a movie that shows Abe's ambition
10,Basically, you have to watch it more than 5 times and it's a good movie even if you give 9999 trillion points beyond 10 points
10,You can see the bare face of the mainstream in Japan. It's so mad that we all sigh at the end of the movie. I was so grateful to the director for making the movie. I hope the number of theaters will increase and as many people as possible watch it. Reflecting on the legitimacy of the boycott of Japan
9,The more objective third party's attention every time I am the event of conflicts between Korea and Japan, was curious why don't we, simultaneously expands both the number of understanding with depends on how many eyes do you watch this movie. I know many directors by Japanese rightists, but seems little off the point in a director's intentions, people ask me, this jjeokppari. Sightworthiness anyway.
10,It's powerful from the opening. I was so embarrassed and angry when I saw the photo of Park Swing agreeing Japanese Military Sexual Slavery with a smile while being angry and amazed by the Japanese right-wingers' behavior. I understood what the Japanese conference believed and ignored their war crimes.
10,Let's become aware of the pathetic nature of Japan's right-wing faction and develop our strength
10,With a balanced eye, the far-fetched argument refutes as a fact and points in the direction we should go.
10,I hope a lot of people will see it.
10,It was good to earn money from an objective perspective
10,I've been looking forward to it even before its release, but it's a very meaningful movie! It is too bad that there are few theaters. If I have a chance, I want to watch it again
10,A must-see movie in Korea
10,Let's see. Let's just see. Anyway, let's see!
10,It's a movie that Koreans should watch, but the cumulative number of viewers is too low. It's an issue that the media should deal with. What is the Korean media doing?
10,LOL This is the reality of this country... Although Dokdo seems to be sensitive to the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue, the audience proves the reality. I want to shake off the cats with a real hammer
10,I sincerely hope that the day will come when Korea-Japan relations improve, the resolution of past and historical issues, and the U.S. takes proper responsibility.
10,Anger rises.the Japanese
10,I really want to see it. Please increase the number of theatersㅜㅜ
10,A must-see movie. Rather than simply stimulating emotions and appealing for the truth, it can persuade the Japanese extreme right with cold logic, and why Japan's far right wants to ignore and erase the issue of Japanese sexual slavery and forced labor
1,Is there a need to express human rights abuses so pitifully and openly? The whole time I watched it, I felt sick, I felt like I was going crazy. If you watch this movie, it's 1,000 dollars, and it's violent. It's a movie that's bad for your mental health.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's creepy.
10,You have to watch it. It's a good study.
10,The delusional delusions who want to believe lies have no future for them.  The right perception of history is the future.
10,Japan faces a truth that is not covered no matter how much it tries to hide.
10,A movie where you can see the thoughts of the right wing, and above all, a movie that reminds you that you have been eroded by their wrong thoughts! Make sure to watch it!
10,It's sad that there's no theater than childish Conan. By the way, Abe, go to hell
10,Please release it nationwide
10,I strongly recommend it!♥♥♥★
10,This is an unusual work in which Miki, a Japanese-American, accused Japan of war crimes. Abe in particular is the biggest problem
10,Please increase the number of theaters so that the entire nation can watch such a well-made movie!!!! 10/10 and up.
10,a poignant filmI'm just so grateful that this movie came out in the world.
10,Italian historian Croce said that all history is modern history. Currently, Japan's distortion of history is a meticulous strategy to return to the Meiji era, and it is the Japanese who are fooled by it.I hope that more bare faces will be revealed through the Japanese conference led by Japan's Abe beyond Japanese Military Sexual Slavery.
10,I get angry while watching it, but it's a must-see movie. I learned the truth that I didn't know in detail. It's too bad that there's only one movie in my city.It's a metropolitan city... Everyone, make sure to watch it!
10,I saw it. We need to prepare for war
1,It's a boring documentary.
10,What's with the boycott because it's a Japanese movie? Is your head empty?Anyway, it's a movie that Abe wants to watch
10,Let's turn commercial films upside down with anger
9,Wow, you have to watch this
10,I hope to see not only Koreans but also people from other countries such as Japan and the United States.
10,The wicked Japanese in the world, the ones who deserve punishment!!!
10,I believe that this documentary, which looks at the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue from an American point of view, will be helpful in many ways to both Koreans and Japanese. You need to know, you need to know properly. You shouldn't ignore it and cover it up because it's a painful history.
10,Japan seems to lobby America very well systematically. By comparison, we feel like some intellectuals and conscientious Japanese/Americans are fighting a huge organization individually together. I have strongly felt the need for backup and support at the national level.
10,Parasite and Aladdin have been in theaters for over two months. Shouldn't we get rid of them and increase this?
10,Let's wait and see the must-see movie
10,It's a useful movie. I hope we can increase the number of theaters in the future.
10,Let us not forget that the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue is a matter of history and human rights between nations
10,I was angry throughout the movie, but it was an opportunity to recognize some of the Japanese right-wing baptisms that had no way to know by looking at them with disgust. I was horrified by them, who just grinned whether they knew nothing or pretended not to know anything, and whose eyes were brutally violated human rights.
10,There are conscientious people in Japan!
10,Be sure to watch it. It's a documentary format and you can see why they wanted to kill the director who made this movie in Japan. It's a movie that reflects the true feelings of Japan.
10,I want to see it, but why isn't there a place that's showing it?
1,Is this an infected terran?
10,Is the number of theaters real? Seoul is completely destroyed
10,If you're interested in Korea-Japan relations, please watch it Then why they act like that is understood as the situation in the past and the present falls, really shocked and despondent at their thoughts. Make sure you watch it'sincerely And I hope the first people watch it too...
10,The main audience of the movie audience is women, but unlike other movies, most of them are men.  The reason why I'm angry is that I'm not interested in the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery issue, which is nothing else. But in terrible idol movies, they all leave 10 stars
10,It reminds me once again of what a right conscience is, including the story of both sides and the invincible logic of no logic
10,It tells you the present situation in Japan Make sure you watch it
10,The Japanese have to choose whether to study history or die a miserable death
10,I wasn't bored for two hours. I hope the number of theaters will increase so that other people can watch it.
10,How can a thorough documentary film clearly express the background of Japan's Abe administration's rise to the far right? A movie that reminded us that we, with our amazing and terrible neighbors like this, should also take this opportunity to wake up properly. You need to know the enemy to see the way
10,100 points. I hope Japanese people can see it
10,There was no big opening hall, so I saw it in a hall with about 30 people. Fake framing enemies exist in both Japan, Korea, and the United States. In the testimony of a 95-year-old Japanese military grandfather, I experienced the heavy fall of the air in the building. We're on the battlefield of truth.
10,Sigh. Japan is falling apart more badly than I thought. We almost did. the idea of not being able to unite together as a nation I cried with shame and sorry. It was sad. I want to thank the director who made the documentary and everyone who made the movie.
10,It was fun to know not only our arguments that we often encountered, but also the arguments of the right-wing side of Japan, which were difficult to access raw, and the background. A documentary film that makes you think about the background of the current situation. I wish there would be more theaters
10,Make sure you watch it. I learned a lot from myself, who didn't know much. I hope to see many Japanese people who are threatened by the media and the right to know.
10,This is hard to rate
8,It wasn't boring for two hours. I liked the editing that was getting closer to the core.  It was a movie that showed the intention of the Abe administration.
10,It's a two-hour running time, but it's not boring, so I enjoyed watching it
10,If you want to see the brain structure of Abe and his friends on the right, please do
10,Oh, my God! It's a must-see!
10,Don't trust the Americans, don't be fooled by the Soviets, and watch out for the Koreans!
10,I think about a lot of things and get to know them. It's a movie that you have to watch as a Korean, but the movie rather asks questions to the Japanese.
10,Ripper (dhfb***), hey...Is this a movie or a documentary?
10,Please increase the number of theaters. I'm so curious
10,You don't have to say too much. If you're Korean, you should watch it
10,I hope people all over the world can see it Especially Japan
9,Abe will make sure to watch...
10,Please increase the number of theaters Please increase the number of theaters
10,As soon as I hear the last word of the last king, Japnum, who is getting angry, my anger explodes and I feel despondent.
10,It's a must-see movie Strong recommendation
10,I strongly recommend this kind of movie that you must watch!  I wish there would be more theaters
9,Know thy enemy, know thyself, do not fear a hundred battles.
10,Usually, experts' ratings for these things are low, but experts' ratings are also high. Just conscientious movie loyalty ^^ 7
10,I'd like to do the 8 o'clock news instead of the news
10,I wasn't looking for fun, but it's exciting for two hours.
9,Their forced opening, double standards, watering, disgust and discrimination were so funny and cute that they naturally burst into laughter.
1,The movie is a bit distracting and boring;;
10,Who are those who really give 1 point? pro-Japanese groupLim? Or is that wrong? :?  I hope the people who distort Korean history watch the movie...;
10,Japanese-American movie with a conscience. I recommend it
10,내년 They will use stadiums near Fukushima for next year's Olympics and supply Fukushima agricultural and fishery products, so the whole world will have to attend...
10,Chops are a cancer of mankind. Radioactivity plus alpha. Japan will continue to sink as long as cancerous beings dominate the political world and the people who live thoughtlessly live on the food that is given to them like slaves. There is no future for a nation that has lost its history.
10,Phew... pro-Japanese group Ilbe, who gives you 1 point, please get a hold of yourself, did you get paid by Japan?
9,If you're a Korean, I hope you watch it I'm angry
1,I'll give you 1 point. I'll give you 1 point.
