가위손
4,I really don't know. I saw it because it was a masterpiece, but it's unlikely that Kim fell in love with Scissor Hands, and I'm confused at some point. Is it just me? I think I'm weird because everyone says it's fun
1,I don't understand the female lead. In the end, the conclusion is that the boyfriend should be careful to meet him or not. It's so unlikely that I get angry while looking at him...
5,■ I enjoyed watching it when I was young, but now that I'm an adult, this scissor-hand is angry and scary.  I'm pissed off, ripped the curtains, scratched the walls and doors with scissors. And then I had a flat tire. That's not right.
1,simulation of men and women in close proximity
1,Kneo-Aquinta and Input
1,Carcinoma movies are too expensive, and it's not a problem to make a human being
1,Sun Moon Lake Environmental Degradation Sports Korean Language
1,What do you mean 10 points? I watched it because it was high. It's not fun. It's ruined overseas. Is it good to watch this kind of movie?
2,I don't know why you put in a character who never explains properly even in the midst of many cases of passive heroine stupid heroine The female protagonist's ex looks the best, but she still acts. It's frustratingI can't do it. Angry
1,It was a movie that I really wanted to watch.
2,Even if it's a movie that represents the creatures that are sacrificed for their own convenience by human selfishness, it shouldn't be made like this...
2,She's a crazy woman. She made a thief and a murderer with helpIs it over if I tell you that I ran away and died?It's all because of her, and look at the old neighborhood zoomers, and how much they've done in America, how much they've done before this OO
6,Contrary to his intention, he felt sorry for hurting people.
2,No, it's really a cancer movie. The heroine is frustrated I don't understand this is a nine-point movie I watched it while cursing. I don't know if there's only one thing I'm frustrated with. Johnny Depp is so pathetic. I can't understand that the heroine won't explain anything
1,God gave me a sense of art, but he didn't give me a handwriting
1,A movie that will work in the era of 10 years ago
6,Who's as innocent as Scissors Hands?
6,Of course, the movie was 25 years ago.
1,The nine-point range is really, really far fetched.
5,I've heard that the story and atmosphere of Tim Burton movies are bizarre and fairytale, but I think that's what it was. It seems like a movie that has a limit to getting a big impact, but I think it will feel more if I watch it on Christmas night.
1,I have a lot of points, but I can't give you zero points
4,I think it's a little unrealistic because I saw it in the middle. It was funny that a pretty heroine fell in love with a little hideous scissor-hand. Suck movies can't be 100 percent realistic, but they're still young
1,Scary-looking Ja-Deb square jaw, square jaw, square jaw, annoying!차라리 차라리 Wang politics is better looking than him. He looks bigger and colder in the winter!(Laughing)
1,An overrated movie.It's so cliche and boring story and development.
1,When I was a kid, I was just fine.Looking at it now...Honestly, it's so childish.
1,ㄹIt's because he's Johnny Depp, but if he's an ugly actor, will he be able to make such a comment? ^^
6,A movie full of clichés that young girls would like. Tim Burton's visual and character formations are overwhelming, but...
6,This is not a fantasy. It should be in science fiction
3,A masterpiece is a masterpiece through the ages. It's just an excuse to call it a good movie at the time. A film that is a little better wrapped up in the same emotion as a werewolf boy. The story is about the taste of disease
1,It's a really boring movie, and it's rated high...
5,Is it a reduction of a heartless society without probability or dealing with a love that cannot be achieved with a beautiful woman? The truth of the ladies is the movie's worst barrier to rejection.
1,If you watched it in elementary school, you must have enjoyed it. a boring movie with a predictable ending from the beginning I don't know where I'm touched. But why is the rating so high? 9.37 What is it?
2,The material is novel, but I don't you know?A change in the world view and the person's psychology that cannot be imbued even with fairy tales. It feels like I'm forcing myself to move on to a new material. Not everyone can do that, though.
1,Tim Burton, Johnny Depp's first combination. Actually, I looked it up because it's a famous movie, but I can't relate to it easily. In conclusion, it's a combination that doesn'
3,I don't know why the ratings are so goodcrying
6,I was fooled by NAVER's rating and thought it was a masterpiece, but I'm very disappointed.Although Gura was released in the form of a team button, it is a bit boring to see where to feel touched.
1,I don't know what's funny. I don't know what's beautiful. It's just clumsy.
1,I'm sick and tired of it. Black bags...
5,I guess classics are classics. It's hard to see the awkwardness of acting and poor performance.
1,It's boring. It's unlikely
5,A familiar plot that reminds you of beauty and beast. Scissor Son is a movie you should watch when you're young. I can't relate to the best review because I didn't think Johnny Depp's acting was particularly good. A movie that made me feel like my emotions were drying up.
1,a trashy movie with an obvious story
3,That's childish. I've heard Tim Burton's name a lot, but I didn't know he was this kind of director.Maybe it's just because it's not my cup of tea, but I don't think people who like plain movies are good.
6,A fairy tale for adults. Since I went to Tim Burton exhibition, I can see more of the scenes
1,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? It's not... It's just...
5,First of all, I like Tim Burton.I thought it was good after seeing the direction and acting But I'm still young (18 years old), so people who rated me thought it was weird and weird  I got that feeling a lot It's a common ending, so I'm disappointed with the ending
1,I'm sorry. I actually really like scissors hands. But we need to raise the overall ranking of Clementine. A masterpiece like that should at least be in the top 50 overall!
4,Is it just me? Johnny Depp came out and saw it, but it was disappointing compared to the reviews
1,What's this?
1,If Tim Burton makes it, it's all worth it.
5,I was looking forward to it, but instead of watching it, I'll just look forward
6,Let's not trust NAVER's score... If you haven't seen it, watch it once. But 2012 is not fun for people.
6,The heroine was not good, but it was fun
4,a bizarre fairy tale
6,I can only remember Johnny Depp's eyes.
5,Even if you think it's a movie from 20 years ago, the OST is good, but it feels like a movie that's just a fairy tale
3,Did I expect too much?
6,It doesn't look too tacky now.
6,People gave Johnny Depp 10 points because he was handsome
5,Is this movie too depressing?--ㅡㅡ
5,I thought that Tim Burton was innocent at times.
1,It was a waste of time while I was watching.And the atmosphere of the movie is so grotesque that I feel uncomfortable
1,No, I don't think so. Personally...
1,It's too obvious. I'm so into movies these days
1,There are many scenes that are so tacky and ridiculous and not funny.Johnny Depp's expression is funny and Edward is pitiful
1,a beggar's hand
1,It's a weird movie. I don't recommend it
6,A work that shows a collective orientation toward strangers. But I'm no longer innocent to feel something
1,Johnny Depp's movie, honestly, 1 to get a rating between 6.5 and 7
3,I don't like movies except visual and I don't like Tim Burton movies
1,It looks like garbage with no contents
1,A crappy movie.I would great if you had seen 20 years ago ...
1,I think the rating is too high. I think about eight points is appropriate
1,The rating is too high. I want to give 7 points.
1,It's really boring --
1,Honestly, 9 points is too much
1,Human beings are contradictory animal childish fantasy
1,Oh man... This is in the 9th range.
6,I'm sorry I was scared of you as a monster when I was a kid, Edward.
6,I heard that actors are really good...It's not enough to give me 10 points
1,It's like a TV surprise that middle and high school students will like. The standard of childishness
1,a boring third-rate trash movie
5,I don't think it's funny. Am I weird?--;;ㅡㅡ;;
6,The last one was really tight. The rest was boring
1,I'm... not funny? ㅠ_ㅠ
1,This is also an overrated comment.8 points is perfect
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,...I'm getting sleepy
1,What the hell is it?
1,For me, it's not very
1,I felt cheated by the majority's opinion that I was sad
1,Johnny Depp looks like a Caribbean
1,It was a disappointment to me
1,Obvious stories... expected stories
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? ㅠㅠ
1,..It's more fun than I thought.T
1,There is no need for words.
1,It was hard to see. 1004. You're KYUNG JUN, right?
1,More than I thought
1,It's so boring
1,More than I thought
1,It's not as good as I thought
2,Where's a movie like this?It's fun in its own way.I saw it because of the grade.Boring.
1,not much
1,Fairy tales for adults who can't understand
1,It's not fun... I don't know what's touching.
1,I enjoyed watching it when I was young.
1,It's really boring --
1,I was completely tricked. Not funny
1,My hands are so gross and ugly, so terrible...
6,Is it because I'm really looking forward to it?
3,It's a movie that doesn't have a lot of details.the climax of an awkward development
1,I wasn't funny. I don't have a zero point
5,I'm here to lower the rating. A movie that wasn't very touching or fun
1,Wow, this is really bad. It has a high rating
1,I'm sorry. I praise the ring
1,Hair salon name?
1,It's not good...
1,This isn't right
1,I saw it because of Johnny Depp, but it wasn't as good as I expected
6,If you saw the scissors hand in the past, it would be a memory, but looking at it now...
5,Tim Burton was great, but this film needs to be a little bit more unrealistic and fairytale.
1,That's not good...
1,It's boring
4,Anyway, boring... I'm going to lower the score
1,It was the worst movie ever.
5,A movie that made me dream of love with an abnormal human being when I was young
5,below expectations
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
3,The movie I watched a long time ago...I don't remember much...
1,Naver rating = Weather Service forecast Let's not be fooled by Naver rating
3,I don't understand this rating. Emotions are clumsy and content is sloppy.Disappointed
4,It's worth seeing the female lead.
1,It's worth seeing the female lead.
1,It's not funny
1,I don't really...
1,an abandoned hand
1,rotten hands
1,Transformers' First Placement Committee
1,It's a boring movie to watch now
1,not much
6,a flower of Tim Burton's aestheticsI don't miss a little thing, and it's flowing smoothly
1,To be honest... I think 8.5 is appropriate. Let's lower it
5,Boring story and clumsy action... What are the ratings of 10 points?
1,I don't know what's funny about it.It's annoying and boring
1,I got a rating. Honestly, it's not a 9.22 movie
5,I know what you meant, but the sadness, the interest, the composition is so calm that it's not left
1,Feel depressed.
1,A movie that's playing...;ㅉㅉ
6,I'm losing my sense of reality because the story is so far-fetched. Although I feel affectionate.
1,Wow, it's
1,Johnny Depp looks like a psycho, so 1 point
1,1 point because a woman is old
2,Not really
1,He's like a hell boy
6,Shindler's list of dumb, childish, silent first-degree killers, all good
1,Perfect trash. I totally fell for it
5,a story like a fairy tale
2,I think I know what it is
1,Johnny Depp was great, but he had a bad memory of his scissors hands
1,Emergency, hurrah!
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
5,Hmm... a little boring movie
1,It's nice, but it's hard to see
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
6,To be honest, I don't know what's funny. What did I miss -_-;
1,It's not a 9.22-point movie.
1,This isn't right
1,It's more than 9 points.
5,It's a pretty good movie.
1,Hmm, -_-; not really
1,Scoring game
1,It's a good movie, but it's not a 9.26 rating
1,It was VOLO
1,Honestly, it's not 10 points...I'll give you 7 points. I'll give you 1 point.
6,Lack of persuasion about the process of falling in love...
6,I saw it when I was a kid. I liked hot girls back then.
1,This is all because of the scissors hands...
1,a monster movie
1,It's not funny
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,The handwriting... The level of Korean audience?
6,Calm bubble!!!
1,The rating is too high
1,Cinema Heaven is fun and touching
1,I don't know why I saw it
1,If you like unique faces, watch it
1,Johnny Depp is a total jerk
4,Is it fun? It wasn't fun -_-;
6,so, that
1,The scissors cut my head and ears
5,It's not like I'm getting 10 points.
1,Good, but oldmovie, let's get a little bit out of the rankings
6,Was this a masterpiece?
5,The rating is too high. It's a little childish.
6,I was a little bored.
5,I don't know if it's a generation gap, but it's a boring movie for me as a teenager
5,It's a good movie, but...
6,a movie that doesn't matter to me
1,It's just a movie
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It's just an old-fashioned movie
1,I'm not impressed because I saw you when you were young
1,It's nothing.
1,That's not funny
6,I am not a Timberton style at all
1,(v) Fees for services charges;
1,What's wrong with this?
1,I've been looking forward to it, and I feel like I've been cheated
5,Mrs. Monroe unbuttoned, undressed and had sex with her scissors
4,It's been so long that it doesn't look good now
1,Not really
4,I hope you're really disappointed... What are you trying to do?
5,Forced touching... Forced development... It's cold water for me who was looking forward to it
1,I can't because I'm first place. I lowered it
1,It's fun. But I want to lower the rating
1,It's just... -_-;;
6,I remember my younger brother crying after seeing the scissors.I'm scared.
6,It's a little better than average What perfect score is this?
5,Well, I don't really relate to this movie... Is it just me?
1,Are you kidding? What's the story?
3,A fairy tale?
4,I honestly don't know why it's fun.It was more ridiculous than I thought.--;ㅡㅡ;
1,Whatever
1,n
1,It's a bit bland
1,It's so weird.-ㅡ
1,Bello
1,My horoscope was higher than I thought, so I just got 1 point -_-
1,I was so touched when I saw this
1,It's fun, but it's not enough...
6,I don't know why this is such a generous score.
1,It's not fun. How can it be over 9? -_-;;
5,I'm touched. I think it's itself^^
