울지마 톤즈
6,He is a great man of Sudan, apart from religion
1,I respect Father Lee Tae-seok, but the documentary's cinematic perfection is 1 point... a cheap new drama
4,You're so sentimental. The staff went overboard trying to make us cry. intrusive
1,I think it's a management painting when you pay for it at the theater.
1,The Cow House is One for a day.
1,Father Lee Tae-seok will save the Korean people.I wasted my precious two hours watching a movie like thisBe careful with the other hearts
1,The client's style is different. Non-Republican women.
1,56 billion won in sales
1,I've seen this before.
5,I didn't like it because I saw it when I was young.
1,A movie that highlights the bride, not Jesus. Catholicism where the Pope is exalted as a proxy for God. Many people are silent even though they know how many people the Pope has killed and sexually assaulted. The women who pretended to be holy and killed the church members, saying, "Don't go out to church, come out to church."
4,The movie that Christians would like, the way ordinary people see it, is that religious people volunteer in other countries and have heaven according to God's will. One thing that's unfortunate is religion to be heaven, but they don't want to be heaven right now.
1,I'm shocked that this movie has been a hit because of the show with the human apocalypse
1,I'm getting goosebumps. Real sexual assault...
1,What kind of bride is he? Isn't he Satan's bride?I only want the physical stuff
1,It's a good masterpiece, but why are there so many malicious comments and fake comments that don't even know the subject of a religion that praise and chew on other religions at the same time? a rabid rabid dog who smells of evil everywhere and talks rudely to other people's religion
6,Tears are a shame in Tonj, but the sky cried on this day
1,He's a great guy, but he's got a 9.3 rating for a documentary that doesn't have any cinematic quality at all right?  Let's consider movies as movies. This documentary is one of the Forrest Gump, Matrix, Gladiator, Lord of the Rings, Dark Knight, Three Idiots, and so on. It has a higher rating than that.
2,충분해...
1,A true filial son takes care of his parents who raised him first.
1,Yes, it's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun to chew
1,It's a hell of a no-fun, emotional movie. I recommend it to people who have a lot of time
1,an unobjective rating Material and genre The emotional impact is ridiculous.
1,Of course it's respectable, but for a movie, I don't know. I'll cut down on my horoscope on purpose.
1,I'll give you a point because the Christians are freaking out
1,It's a rating for Christians.It doesn't seem like a movie
1,He started making documentaries, and then he started making movies, too
2,Get out of white supremacy.
1,Don't cry, Tones. I'm fine
1,A man's life cannot be judged as a good movie
2,A documentary film about the late Father Lee Tae-seok. You did a lot of good things.
1,Helping the needy in Korea
1, tut, tut
1,Lee Geumhee, what is it?
1,It's not a movie... It's just a documentary. What kind of movie is this?
1,No matter how touching it is, it's fun, so what can I do?
1,0 point. Why isn't it working?
1,Half of it?
1,The dead have no head
1,lol
1,Why are black people so hard to be moved by forcefully moved?
1,Is this second place? Oh, my
1,It's ridiculous
1,It's so big
1,I like them all, but they're so arrogant
1,He doesn't have any pride
1,He's got tears in his eyes
1,I'm crying like a dog
1,I was so sad that I didn't have loyalty.
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,He's got tears in his eyes
1,It makes me cry, but I think the editing is wrong  The editing technology has developed, and it seems like I'm looking at editing technology in the 2000s
1,Black babies have no loyalty
1,Is this really a movie made for black people?That's too much to beat
1,a man who cries like a dog
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,I'm so touched
1,It's not funny
6,I want to see Father Lee Tae-seok again.
1,What the hell is this? It's Catholic
1,I can't feel it
1,It's nothing more than Catholic business
1,I'm so moved
1,It's just
1,It is a good movie, but it has a high rating
1,Do you miss Father Lee Tae-seok?
1,It's too high.
1,Please be wise to distinguish between movie ratings and educational video materials.
1,a Catholic business
1,A decoy documentary for the Catholic trade...I can feel the discomfort of what seems to be a good deed show for the poor and hungry, regardless of the religious goodness of the main character
1,Hmm... A good movie
1,A great life that is hard to think of as a criminal, or the cinematic art of the film itself, is at the bottom.
1,Time to take care of Africa and be in bad hands with Korea
5,내 스타일은 아니지만...
1,not much
5,You are a soft-hearted person with impromptu sensibility, giving a rating of 9 points for stimulating your emotions. Was he a greater man than OO?
1,It was a great life, but in the movie...
1,Boredom
1,슬프지만 재미는 없어...
1,Honestly, it's a dog's job -- I admit it's sad that this is one point
1, as it is
2,Pfft... Pretentious touching
1,Oh, it wasn't a movie.
5,Producers who force tears and make other people's tears a spectacle -- distorting Father Lee Tae-seok's noble life
6,It's not as good as I thought. It doesn't mean Father Lee Tae-seok isn't as good as I thought. It's a low-key movie in terms of the movie itself. Forced tears are forced on the kids who miss him.
1,an example of a fake documentary
6,0It's touching, but it's a bummer that the camera doesn't even think about it
6,The planning is good, but the directing is dirty. The mechanical camera crew's saber-rattling and the shamelessness of the script...
1,I don't like this kind of movie
5,I know this man is a saint and he's had a great life. Honestly, it's not fun.
1,A heaven of hard work
1,NAVER's rating for touching puffed rice... Let go of the annoying movie
6,It's touching, but it's more like a documentary program than a movie
1,Should movies and documentaries be tied together in one genre (2)
3,Should I tie the movie and documentary together in a genre?
2,I don't recommend it.That's right. That kind of documentary
1,It's a little
1,It's not a movie. Documentary like this is common
1,It's not supposed to be for fun, but I saw it for fun because the school said it was going to show
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
1,Is it the human theater version?
1,He's a great guy but I don't like that it became the best movie ever for that's
6,I don't know if it's because of the lack of video materials, but it's not a well-made documentary
5,It feels like I'm watching a human theater
1,This isn't even a movie. Why? It's not fun at all. There's no need for words. LEE TAE SEOK, no
1,It's not that good
1,So sad ㅠㅠ
1,Because you wiped away my precious tears,
1,The rating is too high. At a time when there's a lot of other enemies,
6,Touching! Touching! Touching! I respect.
1,The rating is too high for the story
1,I don't like it
1,If it had been made into a public documentary, it would have been better than this editing.
1,I saw this
1,I'm the worst
1,Can't you give me zero points?
1,excellent resistance
1,It didn't suit my constitution
1,Rating adjustment
5,You're making people cry on purpose and making people cry cheap.
1,I think you guys like this kind of movie? Transformers are the best
1,It's not all movies because it's shown in theaters.
1,Touching movies have high ratings.
1,--;; I don't know. I don't know where it's touching.
5,What does it mean to them in the future to put a cross on a country with religious confrontation?
4,I wonder if it's a tribute movie.
1,It doesn't make sense that this movie is on the top of NAVER ranking
1,a movie that is only touching
5,It was touching
1,I'm glad I didn't get shotTo be honest, I can live the same life as the bride
1,I'm touched, but the score is
5,Father Lee Tae Seok!Sleep tight.T
1,...I was honestly bored, but I was disappointed because my expectations were too high
1,OOO movies
1,The whole movie is sad, especially there is no point to bring up.
1,I understand why this has a high rating. -_-
5,The main character is respectful
6,The main character is beautiful, but the approach to expression is unfortunate
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,개 개 Little trash
1,Just a sad movie is not good
1,It wasn't like a movie It's a shame there's no fun or lesson
1,I don't
1,I slept. -_-; sorry
1,Oh, it's not fun.
5,The bride's noble touching life, sad Zen, but director's lack of multilateral lighting, childish intentions
1,Well, this isn't a movie
1,Isn't this much of a religious man's good deed fundamental? No more ministers, no more brides
4,It's just a documentary?
1,It's not fun at all. It's a documentary
6,I think it's better to make a movie based on a true story. I don't think documentary is a movie.
1,It's not even a movie. Stop saying that you were touched
1,His great life is ten points
1,ㅠㅠ So boring
6,He deserves respect...But the movie
1,It's not fun, Lee Tae Seok -- making money even if you die
4,Blaming my plate for not being able to see the holy sacrifice and the spirit of service.
1,OO이처 아류
1,The movie is okay, but it's not fun.
1,It's not fun
1,It's not fun
1,No, it's not a movie. It's a TV documentary. Turn it off in 25 minutes
1,Just a common TV documentary.
5,I admit it's impressive and great, but there are many better people, and I don't think I'd be this proud
3,Why is this...
1,Wow, this movie is awesome ㅠㅠ I got goosebumps.
3,Is moving movie a good thing?It's ridiculous. Honestly, it wasn't funny and it wasn't that touching
1,I don't like documentaries
1,...Let's grade the movie itself
1,I'm not sure
6,A movie that's too difficult for me
1,not much,,
5,It is touching, but it is no different from TV documentary.
1,What is it?
1,Is it a documentary?
1,That's not fun.
2,.....this movie is 0 point for documentary and 0 point for movie
1,I can't watch this
1,It's not fun.
1,moving
1,moving
1,I was touched but I think NAVER's rating is going the wrong way
1,What's this?I'm a musician
1,I was watching this and it came out because it wasn't fun.What a waste of my money.Six o'clock is like my hometown.--
1,It was really impressive. The best!
1,For fun
1,I can't watch it because it's so pathetic
1,It's touching, but it's not that's...
6,hi
1,I was forced to show it to you at school
6,The material is good. It's touching, but it's okay as a documentary, but it's not good as a movie. It's boring and I don't like forced tears
1,Father Lee Tae-seok is amazing. He's ranked 1st but he seems like a character
1,What's wrong with the rating?
6,Let's not connect the ratings of the movie with Father Lee Tae Seok's emotions
1,Did people give ratings as a movie?
1,Elementary students are crazy
1,I'm not having fun, I'm not impressed. Some of them are crying.I went to school and I was surprised by the grade
1,The documentary is number one in the ratings...
1,People are good, but movies are trash
1,It's too high.
1,It is a low-quality, religious-biased movie that is like a TV documentary in terms of filming techniques and screenplays.
1,the dignity of black people
6,I think I used too much part-time work
1,I don't understand
1,It's too high.
1,Say ho~
1,The rating is too high. So I'm going to lower it's
1,moving, touching, stirring
1,Oh my god
6,The priest is a wonderful man. But it was a documentary that didn't make good use of the material.
1,It's a poor production as a movie.
1,I didn't feel that touched.
1,Why was I sleeping?
1,I don't like it because it's so sad.ㅜㅜ
1,I'm so touched ㅠㅠ
6,He's a respectable man, but his movies aren't
1,It's useless. It's just a high rating. LOL The poster is so annoying lol
1,It's your taste, but I think there's a bit of it.Let me adjust the rating.
1,When I was in middle school, I didn't think much about it
1,Good. I'm not the only one who loses money
1,Just.
1,I don't want to see God, Jesus, and so on while leaving reviews for the movie.
1,I know you're a good doctor, but it's not mandatory for middle school students to see you
1,I'm tired of Christian religion.Don't cry, everyone.OOO gimme
2,Originally, I didn't want to give much, but I give one star because it's a sleeping pill. It's not fun or touchinglol
4,I went to the movie theater to watch a movieI watched the documentary.It's touching, but it's not something to watch in the movie theater.
1,Not my favorite genre.The KBS broadcast itself is also disappointing.I'll give you another SF foreign currency
1,It doesn't fit my style
1,What kind of movie is this?
1,I turned it off cursing more than 20 minutes. I'm bored. 18
1,I don't think it's touching
1,Too high score for content
1,The image quality was... ...not good.
3,Why are you looking at this?
1,It's really OOO. Cry Tonz, don't glorify Catholicism.
6,Good overall composition but poor completion.Impressed by Tonj's good account of the situation.
6,Holiness and perfection are one thing
1,It was touching, but I didn't cry. It's a nine-letter word
1,I'm a little sad.
4,Distinguish between a good character and a bad documentary. Movies are the worst.
1,That's a high rating
1,This isn't it... The score is.-ㅅ-;;
1,It's just...
1,The movie is good, but all the people who commented are so fake. It's not like I'm releasing a collection of famous quotes. It's totally fake
1,If you can't sleep, watch it.    I don't recommend it...^^
2,I'm so sleepy
3,a movie that is not very touching
1,This is not very good.
1,About someone I've never even metWhat do you mean a curator? When you say, "Should I make it or not?" you only laugh.
1,It was so touching and sad, but it was such a waste of money
2,It was really hard to see...
4,Friday or Saturday evening documentary would have been great.I don't think it's a movie
1,The movie is a bit... Isn't it a documentary?Hah!
1,It's touching and instructive, but I'll just film it as a documentaryIt's not
1,not much
1,Oh my god
1,It's just a documentary
1,not much
1,a moving movie
1,I'm so touched. crying
4,I've seen so many documentaries. This is just a touching documentary.^
1,It was so touching It was the best.
1,I want a movie that pops up, not a drag!
1,Taking off jamming
5,I saw it at school, but it didn't really hit home ;; Still, I'm touched
6,From school to group...ᄀOf course
1,Please
1,Please, I'm bored
1,I'd rather watch the Thunderleven movie version at school
1,Why do I sit still?
1,If it's good for teenagers, please show it on TV. It must have been 100,000 people who forced to watch it at school.
5,Christianity is to blame for the film's rating of the opposite of nine
1,Commitment? Love? Just a means of spreading religion.It's just a means of achieving a goal, not a commitment or love
1,Is it because I don't like this kind of thing because I'm still in the 9th grade?
1,To be honest, I don't have any religion. It's just an ordinary human theater
1,It's not good
2,Compared to the money I paid, the movie is worse than I expected.
2,The most boring movie I've ever seen. I cried because it was a waste of money
5,It's below my expectations...
1,Oh, I watched a group at a boys' high school, and half of the kids in the middle are John 1 and it's not fun
1,Sobbing
1,Sobbing
1,Um... I was looking forward to it too much... My name is less interesting than a kansai idiot.
1,Worst movie ever... I thought you bought a video camera in the country and filmed it individually.
1,1 point for the Shawshank escape team
1,Applies to Shawshank Escape
1,There's no way it's more fun than Shawshank's escape, so 1 point
1,Don't mention it
1,There's no objectivity I'd rather watch Ben-Hur a hundred times
1,It's so boring
1,a documentary film less interesting than the sound of a wannabe
1,I didn't watch it, but it can't be higher than three idiots, so 1 point
1,Eva!
1,Stomach
1,Let's lower the rating
1,I can't believe it's higher than three idiots. --ㅡㅡ
1,You're kidding me. You're such a con artist
1,It's... It's...Better than a jerk?I don't think so...
1,I didn't have a moving feeling
2,It's artificial, dirty, and unpleasant
1,Just watch TV. The content of the documentary is very good.But it's not the theater version.
1,It's too high
5,Go to the theater and watch KBS specials
2,That great life...It's a pity that it can only be seen as a graduation work like this...
1,I'm really not nervous
5,I'm also a Christian, but I'm not good enough in the movie. Even in the documentary
1,It's a good movie, but... There was no need to open a movie theater. Typical TV documentary level.
1,Phew...
