소울
2,It's a Pixar animation movie that I can trust and watch, but the message of inside out and soul is not good and boring
1,Enjoy and feel every moment.Is it easy in the first place?Human emotions are not like glass beads.You don't feel it, you don't feel it.You don't have to force yourself to feel something you don't feel.It's okay if you don't enjoy the moment because your emotions are dry. 'Enjoy every moment' maybe this sentence brings another obsession.It's okay not to enjoy it
6,You don't have to live your life in combat to achieve your goal. But a life without purpose is very lethargic and depressing. I feel like I'm being eaten by life and I can't get out of addiction because I don't have a routine every day. It's all because there's no purpose. This purpose is not to talk about grand dreams, but to create myself every day while achieving what I have to do. I'm not just talking about success, I'm talking about the cycle of my quality of life. It is important to enjoy life itself. However, before that, I think I should look at my reality objectively and know how to improve it. Personally, I couldn't relate at all.
6,The content was so good, but the captions were serious.Most of the short sentences are not interpreted. About 15 percent of the movie's content seems to have no subtitles. Not only the lines, but also exclamations and characters on the screen (e.g., sign letters) are usually captioned, but there is no such thing. I bought a vod with money, but I don't think this is right... I think even the easiest sentences and words should have subtitles. Because not everyone can speak English. The content was so good, but I felt sorry that the conversation was cut off with subtitles
6,I think the rating is too high, so I'm lowering it. I slept in the middle.There is a message to enjoy the moment, but...It wasn't that touching
6,Nevertheless, I don't want to live. I wish someone else would take my life and live for me.
1,Is this really fun? It's been quiet all along, and there's no proper ending, and it's not fun. What the hell do you learn from this?
3,He was obsessed with lessons and expressed humans as too simple. There are many similarities to the movie Gravity, but it is a poor production to compare. It's hard to recommend, but I think it's better to read a page of a magazine with good ideas.
1,It's an obvious story and there's no twist. What kind of fun is it?
1,It was such a pity that he tried to persuade me with a great picture video by putting in all kinds of thoughts and incomprehensible contents to say that he enjoys and appreciates every moment of his life.I think it's a movie that made our souls so worthless.
2,I got a recommendation. I don't know. I think purpose and meaning are important in life, so I didn't get along well, but jazz music is good
1,Cf. Plato, "Cave" Theology, Pragmatism
6,Maybe it's because I'm old, but I wasn't that moved
6,I guess I'm the only one who's not fun.. ㅠ.ㅠ I booked a movie theater but I couldn't watch it because of Corona, but I would have regretted it if I watched it at the movie
2,It's not fun. Don't watch it
6,I liked the message you were trying to deliver!The middle part is a bit boring, and it's a shame that it's hard for the kids
6,I was so immersed that I could think about my life, but the ending was a bit disappointing.
2,It's a meaningful movie, but it's not fun. It's rated very well
1,There are so many touching movies in heaven and earth It's the worst cookie video fishing movie in the world that eats up the precious ten minutes of countless people, so one point is enough!
4,I was so sleepy.I guess I had high expectations Inside Out or Coco has a clear message and lingers for a long time... Soul doesn't close too much. Usually, I watch Disney or Pixar movies n times, but I don't think I want to see Soul again
6,I was less touched because I was looking forward to it.Haha. "I'm thankful that I can live every moment" is good in itself, but I think it's a topic that I've seen a lot, so I was less moved! But the music, details, and facial expressions in the movie were so detailed and good Haha
3,It is a propaganda of Pixar animation.
4,The storyline is all over the place and nothing really touches me
4,Parasite-like films The upper echelons touch the common people's laughter is a film that only wins the mind in Korean "us" culture compared to others
5,I'm sure it's a movie that delivers what it is and has excellent directing skills, but it didn't really hit home because there were so many things I knew. It was also a problem that the so-called death and life managers naturally did to the main character what was not supposed to happen in the movie. It's a movie that seems to be of great help to people who haven't thought about what life is and what purpose is.
1,I don't know what it's about It's not fun to chew
1,Hmm... I'm so touched that I'm squeezing it out. It's childish for adults. If I had gone with jazz from start to finish.
2,The good memories were ruined by the racist performance Give it back to me
2,I'm not touched. I'm not touched. It's similar to inside out, but it feels completely different.
6,I know what the intention is, but it's boring
6,Pixar reaffirmed that it is no longer special How long will the relationship between Pixar, who is still pretending to be special, and the audience who is deceived by loyalty last?
2,It's not fun for me. Why is the rating so high?
5,It's a feast of cliche messages that come out in a lot of third-rate self-improvement books, but the rating is surprisingly high...
6,More than I thought... Don't look forward to it. It's going to be fun
4,Maybe because I expected a lot, I came out disappointed with Pixar after a long time. It's obvious, but it's not very deliverable and it's not very visual... If you want to learn the same lesson, let's have another round of about time.
6,Jo 가 Anyway, so that there's no life, the main character's name is Jogat No!
2,Are you sure you saw the review that it's not fun?
2,Well, I guess everyone is living happily. I've been lucky to be alive, but I ended up becoming a loser. Life is not so easily evaluated
5,Well...
6,Pixar and Disney meet and go under
5,The movie itself is okay
1,Why are the main characters political?
6,I think it taught me to be satisfied with my life right now
1,What kind of philosophy do you have?
6,I think it's great for time killing
1,The visual beauty is good, but the delivery power is very poor. I'm not impressed. I'm suspicious of horoscope manipulation.
4,It gives me a good visual beauty and a message, but I don't know if it's a nine-point rating, but it's a slanted development and ending
1,It wasn't too funny except for showing something new and philosophical.
1,Cheap lesson...Did you master your life?
6,The meaninglessness of life? I think it's just to enjoy it
6,I thought it was a message to enjoy every moment, maybe because I didn't have enough ability to read videos It seemed like there was a message that I wanted to do more, not for a purpose in the middle, but I couldn't understand even after watching the movie, but I understood it after seeing people's reviewsThank you.
6,It's a meaningful story, but I was more sleepy than I thought In the beginning and mid
2,GFRIEND scolds me for sleeping while watching this.
6,The same thing as "just living" is different, and reality is also different
6,
4,Honestly, it's hard. I don't know.
6,I'm too skinny to be immersed in the animation. But the sky and the wind. Trees. Bright sunlight in between. I feel grateful for life only when I feel the impression of nature.
4,It's a good to see.
1,It's not fun at all. It's interesting to see people who think this movie is fun
6,I wanted to take it lightly, but it was too deep
6,The message I'm trying to convey is too heavy.I like movies that I can watch without thinking.
6,An animation for adults.It's a calm movie to watch.
6,An animation like a fairy tale for adults.It makes me look back on the purpose of life
6,From the directing, there is nothing to blame for the visual beauty. It seems to convey the message of the importance of daily life and not having to cling to the goal, but it didn't really hit home.
6,It may have been because of the high expectations for the topic, but it seems like a mild taste that is hard to understand the reality. And the OST didn't touch my heart because I didn't know jazz. It is a sad movie in many ways.
4,a calm and enlightening film
5,It wasn't fun
6,Personally, fun...Rather than that, it made me think again
3,It's my first time being in a movie, but honestly, it wasn't that fun. It's about the soul, but if it wasn't fun for Disney, I'd rather release Rapunzel in 4dx
6,이 영화는 너무 많은 것을 기대하지 않는 것이 좋았지만 그래도 가족과 함께 보기 좋은 영화였다.
6,It was boring. But the characters are so cute
6,
5,The little moments of life that will never come again.
1,The possibility of inculcating narrow-minded thinking about the obvious story job could have worked out the story better. Like a self-improvement essay, a movie that lacks probability.
1,I'm bored. I really slept
6,I just thought it was easy.
6,a movie full of jazz in everyday life
6,It's a sad but beautiful movie
2,I recommend it to people with insomnia.I think I slept in a refreshingly.
6,The content was good, but it was a bit disappointing ㅜㅜ
2,Graphic surprise. The story is distracting
6,a snobbishly Coco is better
6,I strongly recommend it to my acquaintances. I raised my expectations too high. Usually.
6,It didn't meet my expectations, but I think the content is good. I can't concentrate because the sound of the theater is not good in the public hall
6,It's worse than Onward.
6,I was looking forward to it so much...It's kind of boring.
6,I don't know why I showed you the rabbit hole in the beginning. It's not something that adults can enjoy
2,Honestly, what is this? It's not fun or touching
2,Honestly, I was sleepy.I don't understand the rating.
6,I think it's a little boring at first.
2,It's like a movie that young people like.  I was disappointed that there weren't many messages.
1,I was fooled by the horoscope and went to see it Please watch another movie and save money. I think it will be touching for those who worry about life as an extreme choice. The expression of the unknown world was innovative, so I give you at least one point.
6,I watched it with elementary school children. The inside out of my previous work overlaps a lot The story is serious and heavy, so it's more touching than fun The message was good, but it wasn't fun^^
4,Personally, I was bored
4,It's meaningful, but I think it was too unrealistic for a 10-year-old to understand.I wish there were more animation-like contents
4,The ingenuity of the production, the message of the movie, but it is very boring to watch until the end. I don't want to recommend it to my acquaintances.
6,The lesson is a movie, but it's calm from beginning to end, and it's not fun
6,
1,Is it a benefit of COVID-19? an elementary-level movie that is not worth releasing in theaters
6,It's not fun, I almost fell asleep ㅠㅠ I know what you're trying to give me...Disney is an old saying that you can trust and watch as if you're solving the meaning without fun!
6,I know that not only people who are as successful as they are in history are having a good life, but it was a movie that seemed to tell everyone on behalf of me who was only in it
6,Well ...
3,Corona... It's not 10 points for tabloid part-timer.LOL
6,
6,It's a movie that makes me think about life and there were some sad and touching scenes, but I can't watch it lightly and enjoy it
6,I know what you're trying to say, but the movie itself is just so boring
2,Don't give me lessons in my life
6,The Pixar movie was not the best. It was not fun or touching
6,I liked the style of painting and the animation, but the content was just plain and expected...
5,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot...a predictable outcome It was easy to watch, but I wasn't moved
2,That's not funny. What was the point of making such a movie? Each person has a different perspective, so I will watch the final review when I withdraw from the theater. The video lighting is...My neighbor who watched the movie with me was dozing off.
2,The worst movie ever that only a woman in her 20s who is not rational is just a floating cloud, just a realistic movie
2,It's very boring if you think about Coco inside. I watched it with my family, but everyone said it wasn't fun
6,It sounds like a good story, but it's boring.
6,I usually watch Disney movies. I looked forward to it because it was popular, but I was not impressed. Movies that try to teach lessons are always like this.
6,I watched it with my son. It might be a difficult topic for a kid, but the expression of music is good
6,Personally, there were no tears or touching points, but if you like animation movies, it's not a waste to watch
6,The graphics are very good, but I was a little short of delivery, but I'm generally satisfied. I hope this kind of movie will come out again in the future.
6,I didn't understand the movie. So I don't know where it was touching.
6,
2,It's not fun. I thought I was going to die of sleep
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much after looking at the score그The topic didn't shake my heart or make me cry. I thought it would be touching...
6,It didn't really touch me. Is it because I have high expectations? I just enjoyed it ~
6,It was boring. A good movie to show children.
6,The relationship between the soul and the mentor before birth was unfamiliar, so I didn't understand some parts, but I could clearly see the message  I don't remember Oestie. You'll know when you hear it
4,It's not very...I don't like it either... It was boring.
2,I watched it with someone I liked, but time didn't fly
2,A movie that focuses on teaching too much lessons I recommend if life is too hard and dreamless, but it can only feel very childish and boring if it isn't
5,We don't necessarily need anything special or grand in our lives
6,I felt that the content was more obvious and boring than I expected from the review. I almost dozed off
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it so much. Watch it on TV!
6,It's a movie that makes you remember the meaning of life that you forgot
6,It wasn't bad, but I almost fell asleep.I don't recommend it ㅜㅜ
6,It's calm and... In a way, it's kind of coursecrying
6,It's good for killing time
1,It is not at all agreed in Korea right now that the employment rate is lower than that of the IMF, the economy is broken, and housing prices are at an all-time high that Koreans should not pursue success and enjoy every moment. What people who live well without worrying about eating everything say to their superiority.
2,The story was too boring and boring
1,The painting style of this world and the underworld was so different that it was hard to immerse myself. I tried to mix the Western and Eastern ideas of heaven/hell with the Eastern ideas of reincarnation, but to be fair, I failed. Critics and PR teams are somehow complimenting but don't be fooled. It's less than one-tenth the perfection of coco. I think Disney Pixar needs to reflect. And once again, why are critics so obsessed with sardonic? Do you only watch domestic movies like Seungri? What mean office workers? There are so many shortcomings in soul. If a publicity part-timer at a trance pizza store driving a pirate ship goes back and forth so easily, why die hard and die? Why does it come out so late when the main character falls into a trance while playing the piano and goes to the next world? (Oh, it's the relationship between the underworld and the underworld, not the underworld~!) Anyway, watch this movie calmly. There's definitely a touching point in the mid-to-late part. I admit that the importance of ordinary life is portrayed emotionally. But even that, the description of the fallen leaves is not so detailed that I wonder what this is, so I'm half moved. And one last word. I think this movie is by New Yorkers about New Yorkers for New Yorkers. I don't think it's about my life in Seoul. There's never been a harrowing image of the Earth that 22 hated so much. It's a good movie after all this? The theme is slightly different, but Coco or Toy Story 4 is 20 million times more Nasso. Cowardly critics, stop looking around and reflect on yourself!
6,You did a great job with the graphics
6,It wasn't as fun as I expected and honestly I don't know what it was about 인 I thought Inside Out and Coco would be as fun as they were in the movie poster content, but now that I'm 14, maybe I'm past the age to watch anime. But the overall story is meaningful and the character is so cute that I give you this score.
4,The story I expected...It was below expectations
1,It reminds me of the King Naked.I wonder why this is more than 9 points. Everyone seems to be saying that the naked king is cool, but compared to Inside and Out, the content is poor and he can't deliver the message exactly. It's a 6-7 point movie, but the rating is too high, so I give you 1 point.
1,I was disappointed after Disney.I don't like the touching factor either ㅜㅜ
2,I was looking forward to it, but it was so...I'm forced to... I'm bored. Too bad
6,Yum. It's good to enjoy it moderately
6,It wasn't good
6,Do you know why American movies don't come out often these days?The space force is under arrest because there are many Hollywood actors and children What's shocking is that most of them were arrested, they were in prison or executed in court. I think I'll be out in a month or two.  So, it's sad to see the famous actors that I liked before, but it's hard to see.
5,It wasn't as good as I thought. I think I was looking forward to it too much
1,I've enjoyed Disney Pixar's movies. I hope you can watch it later
6,Finding a purpose lives as if it were close to nature, but the purpose of real life was learned by experience.
4,It was kind of boring. Even the kids couldn't concentrate
6,It's true that a lot of thoughts come to mind, but it's just a little boring.
6,
2,I don't know the direction of my life, I've been blind, and I have to look back on my life for a whileIt's a movie that I recommend to people who need questions like "What is life?" or people who don't know the answer to those questions. It's a movie that I think I'll be able to see next year on EBS channel as a new year's day. How should we live in 2022 when we start anew? With the promotional message. I made a reservation after seeing 9 ratings and people's impressive reviews, but after I saw it, I wondered if my emotions would be dry. Is it because people like me who say it's not fun eat the chives that makes me wonder if the movie's ability is this good and I don't have an eye for the movie?I have doubts about myself. No! We are not wrong! The fun you feel when you watch a movie is different! People who don't need philosophical concerns about life like me and who ask me to give fun worth 13,000 won worth of tickets will reflect on this movie.
6,I think I need to focus on it. It's a little hard
1,It's boring... It's really boring...
6,Pixar movie or DreamWorks movie. It's been a long time since I've seen a movie filled with such distracting and hateful characters.
2,It's a little difficult for children to understand
1,I'm so bored in the beginning. I end up watching it at home, and I don't like it here I'm sure it's going to be full again, but it's my personal opinion
4,The idea of the world before I was born was fresh and the video was pretty. But I don't know if I was expecting too much. It feels like I forced myself to have a happy ending and healing. After the movie, I felt more frustrated than warmT
2,If Terry's been looking so hard for the main character at the end, and it doesn't have to be a lot of numbers, why did you find him so hard?I feel sorry for Terry. Jerry fooled Terry
1,It wasn't as bad as I thought.I went to see the movie because of the rating and the movie of my life, but it wasn't to that extentI think it's just a movie that expresses what I usually feel.Honestly, there were a lot of boring parts in the beginning and the middle, and it's a story that you can predict until the end, so...There was no exceptional part of the video.Don't look forward to it too much and think that you're watching Disney movies lightly It was really normal. I don't think it's a movie that will go through COVID-19. It was too obvious that I was trying to force myself to be moved, and it wasn't a natural flow, but it felt like it was breaking off. Honestly, I thought about going out in the middle of the movie
5,It's a good content, but I don't know how fun it is.
2,I'm full of emotions, but I don't know why people say it's funny.
6,
6,The movie was short and the story was predictable for children. It was a sad movie for Disney ㅠㅠ
6,I don't know what's touching, but it was just like that
3,The directing and video was unique, but I don't remember the OST and I think it was made to impress. No fun with doubtful ratings... After the movie, there were a lot of people who were surprised.
5,It's fun, but I can't explain what it feels like
6,I guess my expectations were too high. Should there be no purpose to enjoy small moments? The purpose of life is to fall down and stand up while walking on the street and visit again, and everyone was born differently. It was good to draw music and small feelings of happiness, but it was not good because it seemed to force me to live.
6,Wow, it's not all life movies. Why is everyone's reviews so good? Maybe I didn't feel it right. If it wasn't bad, I was a bit forced
6,I was looking forward to it, but the movie that's below my expectations is kind of profound
4,It wasn't fun.I slept...
5,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. But I think it'll come to mind again later
6,I was bored, but I was moved at the end
1,I watched it with the members and they said it wasn't fun and I wasn't
2,I was fooled by the rating. Shoes.
6,I enjoyed it. ^^ I think I enjoyed it more as a mother than a child.
6,Two of us went to see it, and both of us dozed offㅠㅠ GPA Alvangaㅠㅠ
4,It's not fun or touching.  It's kind of like squeezing  It was such a waste of time. I can't even go out in the middle because it's a car theater. Someone said this is touching. They all seem like part-timers.
4,Personally, it's so boringIt's hard to hold back my sleep, so I'm getting tired after the movie
4,The character design and the characters are very human and heartwarming. It's true that the director's theme is not clear. It's a shame. Help people in need and find your own flame, right? [Inside Out] came to mind right away, and it was hard to find Pixar's own creativity
4,Did I expect too much? The visual beauty is amazing, but especially the early development is so fast that the immersion level is low that the animation changes so often that I wonder if it's okay to do this and I'm moved... I was able to get it at the endIn other words, I didn't know why they showed the rabbit hole video in the beginning It was so long that I thought I came to the wrong theater.Anyway, the trailer is so well made...
6,I guess I was really looking forward to itㅠㅠ I'm so sad
2,It's not that fun Just watch it at home It's just loose
5,Inside Out + Coco... Pixar doesn't feel new and new these days. I think it's still the best place to see
1,It's not funny, it's not touching. I don't even remember the song. Those who scored are clearly part-timers in the comments. - According to Kang Seo-hyung of Daehang High School. -
4,Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? I was sleepy throughout the movie, and I was a little touched at the end, but the rabbit hole video before the start was more memorable. I know exactly what you're trying to convey, but it's too obvious. It was just a loose movie overall. It was a loose movie overall. If it weren't for the cat, I would have just slept. It was a bit of a waste to watch with money.
1,It was boring because it seemed to emphasize only the instructive meaning. The fact that the story is different from the emotions of Koreans is one of the things that is hard to focus on.But you have great directing skills
2,Everyone feels differently!
6,It's good to watch while healing with a light heartI gained courage
6,The idea was fresh, but too infused
6,It feels like inside out
5,I was looking forward to it, but it was a little boring, and there was obvious. The worldview itself can be fresh
3,There's an epiphany.But it's not fun. So, it's 3 stars
6,It's less touching and fun than other Disney movies
1,The intention to give lessons openly is too obvious and boring. I was bored, so I watched it for about 20 minutes and went to sleep. The story and meaning were all in sync from start to finish.This kind of animation should have a friendly character, but it doesn'Don't look forward to the childish and boring movie Disney & Pixar's disappointment, just watch it if you don't have
2,I can't believe I paid you to watch it'It's really not funny.30 minutes after the movie starts, it's still far away...It almost came out, but it should have come out then.It's a waste of a single star
5,I went to the theater after a long time after watching the Naver review, but unlike the review, it's a huge disappointment. It's not like the old Disney Pixar. I even dozed off in the middle, and I think I was trying to convey a message, but the medium of delivery didn't really touch my heart. It's hard to understand except that I was excited enough to make the last rap come out with a shoulder dance as the ending credits. I like Disney animations these days, but I feel strongly that Disney Pixar is not what it used to be. I'm very disappointed.
6,Normal content... I was slightly impressed only in the scene where I found the meaning of life.
1,A movie that doesn't seem like it's going to give you a single star
6,It's a healing movie. I slept a lot because I was bored in the beginning and middleㅜㅜ
6,You were touched by Soul? I want to ask myself! Did you really live that hard?The movie is a cartoon that I would recommend to people in their 7s and 80s who lived their lives to the fullest, saying, "Enjoy life more." The irony is that...That's why it's a box office defeat compared to the rating.  Mon is stuffy and boring, and the content is distracting. Even the ending... The comic just threw a profound topic, so you guys just take it! The character doesn't fit to do.  This compares with many children who say Coco is a life cartoon. Most of the children slept in the theater.ㅜㅜ The detailed picture, music, and expression of the unknown are the best. The side dishes are good, but the main dish is net.
6,
1,The rating is too high, so I'm going to cut it. It was touching but boring...It's not a 9-point movie, but a 7-point movie
2,
4,It's kind of boring... I made a lot of Valentine's Day chocolate
2,Well, I don't know if this movie is fun or informative
2,Everyone said it was fun, so I went to watch it. I'm very disappointed The story is obvious It was boring because there were so many lessons It feels like I'm being nagged for two hours The first short film is even more impressive. Thank you! ^^
4,I almost fell asleep because I didn't know it was a instructive movie, but it was fun. It was frustrating but fun as the main character Gardner drank Na Moon-hee's sweet potato.
5,I was spacing out while watching it. The visual beauty is good, but I couldn't concentrate. It was kind of boring
5,
6,
2,It's really boring. Don't watch the worst movie I've ever seen
1,People say it was really fun, but it's not fun. It's not touching at all. The blue one is just cute.
6,I don't know which part it was, but the movie that made me emotional. Other than that, the movie that made me really sleepy
4,The first part is boring. It's touching.
6,I hope you release a new Pixar Toy Story.If UNIVERSE is integrated, I think it's going to be a post-World UNIVERSE with Inside Outco Soul UNIVERSE
5,It's a healing movie from Disney's perspective.It was a pity that there was not much jazz, and it is a movie that can be seen comfortably in the Corona era
2,Summary: Ang Nager Ang Singing OOOO Yes Pepperoni Pizza John Deliciously Ending Ang of the Dead
6,The story is new, but the fun and the touching...
5,I was amazed by the beauty of the animation
6,It is a masterpiece that does not approach fairy tales for adults such as Inside Out and Up.
5,It's worse than Coco.It was boring in the middle, but it was a time to think about the purpose of life again.
6,
2,
4,I like it, but it's very very very!! It was boring ㅠㅠ I think I can watch the last 10 minutes
2,Oh, it's not fun.
6,Disney's movie is getting less and less moving. a movie that makes you want to listen to jazz only
6,I realize again that dreams aren't everything in life
6,Babies don't understand the content. It's very philosophical and profound
4,I was looking forward to it so much... But Pixar is Pixar
6,It's a meaningful storyBut you can be bored and sleepy
1,Honestly, it's a waste of money to pay for it, and it's so touching. There's no point to appreciate your disgust
6,The best movie for a tired person who forgets the reason and purpose of living day by day and lives by day.Overall, flawless visual beauty and abundant volume entertained the ears and eyes, but there seems to be some insufficient and disappointing parts to expect a suitable story.
5,It's a movie where Hobble is divided
2,I don't know...dozing off in the middle
6,I've seen a lot of... There's nothing special about it
2,Jjamppong with many things. It's normal
2,It was boring, more disappointing than I expected
1,I don't know what it's about.I think it's a message to live happily while you're alive, but it's boring, and there's no emotion at all, no laughter.I came here with my wife, and they both dozed off and watched.There are also two teams who leave in the middle of the movie.NAVER's score is 9 or higher. I understand.It doesn't work. I don't know if I'm low-level I don't know if there's any manipulation in NAVER ratings.
1,
2,It's not fun at all.
6,I had high expectations. You said high expectations make you disappointed. I wanted the impression I felt inside out and onward, but in the end, I didn't meet my expectations. This time, I watched it all the time, expecting what kind of catharsis Pixar would deliver to me, and the result became a big headache. I understand the theme that living life joyfully is not only about striving for a specific purpose and achieving it, but also about living life happily and joyfully knowing how to enjoy a small daily life. However, the image shown in this animation seems to be an expression that does not seem like Pixar. It was not an expression that gave a clear and strong impact like Inside Out, nor was it an expression through an unexpected twist like Onward. It was just plain as a result. It was just like that. But there were still one or two impressive scenes. The message is that excessive obsession with meaningless things in my life leads me to a situation where I don't live or die, so it's better to boldly break the obsession that doesn't help my life and get up in search of freedom. This was good. It gave me a good chance to look back on myself. Other than that, I don't know. I don't enjoy colorful and beautiful videos like Frozen, or I don't enjoy the deep and deep emotions of stories like Toy Story. It was a bit awkward!
6,I was looking forward to it, but I dozed off in the middle. It's so instructive. It's not a bad lesson, but I should've watched it at home
6,It's just an animated movie. It's not that touching...
6,It wasn't as touching as I thoughtIf you like calm healing movies, I recommend it
6,In the beginning, it seemed a little boring...
1,Worst movie ever. If you want to watch this, watch King Kihoon's Buck Collection 10 times
6,It's a movie where you can think of the meaning of life, but overall, it feels boring, so I didn't think it was fun That's a good idea
5,Personally, the earrings were more touching than this
6,I really enjoyed watching the previous works and looked forward to it, but I was disappointed. It feels like an obvious lesson! It's definitely not a children's movie. It's a movie that adults understand. I don't think I'll pay to watch it.
4,It's just a good movie for kids to see, nothing more
6,In terms of fun, Cruise Family 2 is more fun, but I don't think Soul is very touching or fun
1,My girlfriend fell asleep while watching it, so I didn't know it was dubbing or subtitleslol
6,I felt what I wanted to say, but personally, I wasn't that impressed.I think people who like animations will like it
6,Park Pyung-Ship: Cotton Candies with Jazz Performance Enter the Earth and Exit
6,Well, the first part was a bit boring, but it was touching
1,It's not fun at all I really don't recommend it This movie is really boring I don't recommend this movie If you watch this movie, you'll regret wasting your time You'll regret it later If you watch this movie, don't ever watch it I was fooled, too This movie is a waste of time
6,
4,I was a bit sleepy about the storyline So I fell asleep because I was so sleepy. It's just me. It's not my style.
4,I like Disney but this is so boring
1,It's the most boring Disney movie. It's a ball bar and a sharp ear
1,It's boring and boring
1,Sleeping pills... Personally, I don't know why it's so high. It's my first time to fall asleep in a movie theater. And if I was more sleepy because I expected it to unfold, I couldn't stop Crayon Shin Chan on the Tooniverse. I was looking forward to seeing Coco at all. I feel like I lost my sense of immersion because I dragged it in the middle. At the end of the +++ spoiler, you'll end up with a 22. But of course Joe will be given another chance, right? As expected, it went by so calmly... Are there any young people who are suffering these days who have never considered this topic? With the word "small but certain happiness" already trending and becoming routine... It was a movie that had a strong feeling of being late.
6,That's too obvious. What's the best movie
6,I guess my expectations were too high. It didn't ring a bell, but I learned to value my daily life, not my purpose ^^
6,It has a good message, but it is very boring, so I watched it like this ㅠㅠ
4,But I think people should know the reason and purpose of life clearly. It's because you're not thrown into the world without meaning.
6,My friend cried a lot when she saw it. ㅠㅠ!!
4,I slept because I was bored. One of the production skills from time to time is really...
1,Just in case, it's boring. The message you're trying to say through the twist is not outstanding, the settings are vague, and it's not attractive at all. Even though the main character makes music his job, the music in the movie is not good. The whole plot is also drooping, and it doesn't fascinate the audience.It's not our lives that have no purpose, it's like this movie...
2,It's been more than an hourYou can watch it until middle school
6,It's nice to watch lightly and without thinking
6,
2,It's individual for me. At first, I was interested in it because of the beauty of the video, but as time went by, I thought that I made a cheap movie due to the COVID-19 situation. At first, Disney is the best! It's not fun in the second half! Don't trust NAVER's movie score. It's just my opinion, so you're free to look. And I'm not ignoring the hard work of the production team, but I'm telling you what I felt because the reviews were so wrapped up and there were over-compliments.
6,A dream of my own home, a silver nip, a carpe diem
2,No fun. I can only hear "No fun 22"
5,I watched it because it was a Disney movie with Jez in it.But it's not boring, but it's a waste to watch it at a movie theater. I watched it at home, of course. But I think it's because of Disney Pixar.
6,Am I abnormal because I've been bored all this time?
6,Animated films were good for adults as well as children.  The film has a philosophical content, a fairly deep theme of life, and great cinematic beauty. However, the message I wanted to give was a little behind. This movie seems to want to say, "Life is not something to do, but to feel daily life every moment," but I felt that it was okay to feel touched and live in daily life, so I thought it was trying to comfort incompetent modern people. When No. 22 said, "You don't know the last ability is dust!" It would be a much better ending to say, "It's the fun of life to find it in your life," but I was very disappointed to see that the main character's purpose was not to be good, but to live like walking or looking up to the sky. Maybe the person who was moved by this is a little stupid.
6,I couldn't sympathize with the movie because I didn't feel that the current life was difficult and fun. I was disappointed in myself because others said it was a touching and life movie, but I didn't think it was me. I hope that the day comes when I can realize my life and cry while watching this movie
1,Every character is a nuisance.Even if it can be overlooked as a nuisance, there is no convincing reason to cause inconvenience. There is no charm of the character itself, and there is no narrative given to each camera. The story itself is corny, and the places behind the event are limited, so the storyline itself is childish. The obvious lesson of forced sensibility. It was questionable whether these lessons had to be told in this story. If it's an obvious lesson, the story shouldn't have been cliché So? It's really too boring and boring. Don't look at adults. Even though my goal is to go to the movie theater after a long time, I would rather watch another movie.
2,I fell asleep while watching it. I think my skin got better thanks to you.
6,The first movie is fun, but it's sadder and sadder. It's a waste to watch it with my money, but it's not a movie that I recommend, but I can watch it alone, but if you watch it with me...It's going to be an impressive movie
2,It was nice that the song came out very often, but it was so boring that I kept dozing off because I was going to fall asleep while watching a movie for the first time in my lifeIt's a movie I don't want to see again
4,I was bored. I tried to teach you a lesson, but it didn't come as much as I was touched. The message was too accurate, but... Disappointed
2,If it wasn't good, it wouldn't be possible.It's not that touching either
6,In fact, I was disappointed because I had high expectations At first, short films were good, but I thought about how it would have been if I could tell the story more
6,Am I not touching? Am I not touching the movie? The movie is pretty, but the background music and the story are so sleepy. I got in trouble waking up
6,It's fun, boring, but fun
6,I was a little sleepy.But it's meaningful Haha
6,If there were many movies on the wall, I wouldn't have watched it. This is the only movie that was screened, so I just watched it. But Terry and Jerry were cute
6,I like what I'm trying to say, but it's boring
1,Overlapped. It's not as funny as you think. It's not as touching as you think
6,There's no consistency in the subject I can't feel the unique concept of each character and it's hard to feel the image beauty. The state of the cat and the main character's soul being reversed only makes it more difficult to convey the meaning of the movie consistently.
6,The content was fun but a little boring
6,The movie is meaningful and touching, but overall it's ambiguous and not a lot of fun, so the main character is dead Are you alive or dead or what?
1,I'm disgusted at the attitude of discussing philosophy of life while ignoring all the tragedies in the world. If you have a fairytale delusion with a cute animal character, you can enjoy watching it without thinking. Are babies, homeless people, and violent criminals born to be taught in the pre-world, to learn the passion of life, and to be given a personality? Enjoying small daily lives and being happy is no comfort or advice to real people who have miserable or painful lives. It's a movie that's difficult for children and doesn't fit in with the reality of adults. It's a movie for people who have a field of flowers on their heads.
6,I didn't hear whether my father's suit was wool or wool stuff, but I think it would have been better to just call him wool suit than wool suit.  Woolsuits don't sound very nice. The story wasn't as much as I expected, and if it was just worth watching, there weren't many pieces or musical elements, and there weren't many lessons for growth movies. Since the main character plays jazz piano, I wanted to focus more on jazz, but since it's a movie for kids... But that doesn't mean they're gonna love it.I felt that the movie Secret, which captured both music and story, was amazing
6,As expected, Pixar. Do not disappoint.
4,It's good to give meaning, but the movie is so quiet and dull that I get depressed...
4,How many times do I think about going out in the middle? Just animation
6,It's not as good as I thought. It's just cute
4,I don't have fun
1,The violence of adult spirits against 22 who are unborn souls and take the form of a child learning everything was shocking. John, the main character, also uses violent words to confuse the child and at the end, to soothe the child by grasping what he liked. What is this if it's not child abuse? The fact that such a scene came out of a company that makes animations for children is a clear indicator of how insensitive our society has become to hate and how much child hate is accelerating. It was very uncomfortable watching it and it was difficult to watch the movie because of the emotion. Not everyone becomes an adult. However, it is also an adult's duty to make up an adult in front of young children. The disastrous behavior of young children in the current society is caused by adults' failure to fulfill their duty to make up adults, and they will not be able to fulfill their duty of decorating to show the younger generation because they have not seen and learned anything. We can't blame the children even if there are more incidents in the future. We all have to realize that it is the fault of adults who failed to fulfill their adult duties in the first place.
6,I fell asleep while watching...I'm bored. You can't expect to see a movie like Coco. The ratings...
6,I purposely went to the theater because it's a movie that I'm looking forward to, but it seems a little difficult to watch with children.
1,It's hard to see the kids and I'm not that moved...
2,No touching, no fun, no understanding, no answer
1,Ming ㅠㅠ It just came out
6,
6,A good movie to watch with your family
4,It's so-so. The storytelling was weaker than I thought.
6,It's kind of boring to look at with the kids
1,It's childish for adults and difficult for children. I got in trouble because I was sleepy the whole time. Enjoy Disney like the theme of the movie, don't keep trying to inject it, it used to be a natural touch. Because of the part-timers, I purposely give a poor score.
6,Make sure you watch the cookie video. You'll regret it if you don't
6,It's not as good as Inside Out, but a movie worth watching
1,It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun
6,a story, lesson, and development that can only be explained by Bo-ot-o-o-o
6,The movie was interesting and interesting. But I don't want you to be so immersed in this movie that you can't make up your life
4,It's a much worse habit than Coco, but the tempo always gets faster in the second half, so I finish it roughly after a sudden development. This work was like this in a formal way
5,There's a book called Journey of the Souls
1,No fun... Out of all the animations I've seen,
1,I saw it at the Yong X Car Theater, but the back seat was so bad that I couldn't see it properly. Don't watch it there. Maybe it's because of the resolution, but I don't think I can relate to the movie message, there's less music than I thought, and the villain and conflict are weak, so I recommend people who don't like calm movies. I think it'd be better to watch Cocona Inside Out one more time. It was below my expectation crying
2,Wow, it came out while looking at it.Since there's nothing to see, you're watching all of this
4,a movie that you have to focus on
4,Obvious story. Daily life is precious to those who are having a hard time due to COVID-19 I think I want to teach you a lesson in fairy tales
4,The music is really good The story is new but boring
6,The visual beauty and the song were so good But the characters were kind of crude and I couldn't relate to them Was my expectation too high?
2,It wasn't as touching as I expected, and I was so bored the whole time watching it...
6,It's a good movie for sensitive women to go and watch. I'm a woman, but it wasn't fun.  Message too simple...I don't have much to think about...I thought there should be more episodes in the middle...Inside Out is two or three times more fun
6,Music is very good. But the doggy philosophy of life is hard to listen to
5,I went to feel innocence, but there was something deep that I didn't knowIf you look deep, it's not an easy movie, but it makes you feel heavy
5,
6,It wasn't as fun as I expectedㅠㅠ I really enjoyed "Inside Out" but it was a bummer
4,Honestly, I was looking forward to the evaluation, but I slept in the theater. Everyone was complaining that it was not fun
6,It's just worth watching. I think I was going to be touched
6,
4,I knew there was a real rating part-time job.I slept while snoring.
6,The idea was good, but there was not much content than I thought, so it was very boring in the beginning and it ended when it was about to be fun;;;;
4,I don't know. A movie that makes me think a lot after watching it.It's philosophical. It's not the second Coco
6,Um... If it wasn't fun, I just watch it with my friend and like sleeping animation. Well, I think I'm trying to teach you a touching lesson, but I didn't like it. It's a personal opinion. The movie itself has a cute character and a pretty atmosphere. If there's no movie to watch, it's okay to watch lightly. But the overall mood is so calm, you can hear the music, and it feels like you're listening to ASMR, so you can fall asleep in a good mood. If you're sensitive, you'll like it
6,Video beauty, the song was good, but the story is weak compared to other Disney movies! It's an animation for adults rather than children!
2,I dozed off and came out especially the kids don't understand at all it's so calm hmm
4,I watch all Didney movies because it's fun, but the story is good and I yawn a lot. It's a little tricky for a kid to see Please keep that in mind.It's not as good as the video, but the story score is 80~90
3,I'm sure it's meant to be healing for adults, but if you're in your 20s, you're probably in your 30s and older, it's pretty boring and cliche. It would be better for elementary, middle and high school students. I expected it to be pixar, but the lines were too obvious.CG and visual beauty are okay
6,Somewhere between the quest for humanity and the quest for 8th grade disease
1,I think half of the people who gave me 10 points are the ones who posted it thinking that I can't be the only one who lost my time I think it's a movie that everyone likes and dislikes Honestly, after watching the movie, I was able to solve only this much with this good topic. That's what I thought about this movie I trusted the score.
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.I was bored in the middle, so I dozed off...When the main character played the piano, all the music was so good
2,Is this fun? Really? I watched it when I was a girlfriend, but honestly, it's not fun. I was so bored that I couldn't sleep. It's a waste of money to watch it. I give 2 points because of animation beauty.
6,The first Pixar movie that disappointed me. It was the only movie I was looking forward to in kossi. The hitting sense is definitely weak to go beyond Coco or Inside Out. A mother who opposed music in her lifetime was inspired by the main character's words that she would give her life or she would support the main character...? It was so out of the blue that I cried.The scene that gives life to the protagonist who has achieved everything is even more... What you need to lose is that you need to lose your heart. Don't you know we can't cut the flow? The inside-out bing-bong was gone, too.
6,The lyrics were a bit difficult, but it was worth watching
6,It wasn't the worst, but it was as touching as inside out.
1,The worst movie of my life
6,It was impressive and fun enough But if it was sad that Disney didn't have any aggressive action, the ending was kind of empty.;;.
6,It was impressive and fun enough But if it was sad that Disney didn't have any aggressive action, the ending was kind of empty.;;.
6,Well, I don't think it's funny.
6,Am I too tired of society?Or was it because I was looking forward to the reviews and went to see it? T
2,I can sleep well. I recommend watching it when you can't sleep
2,More than I expected...
2,An animation that's a waste of time. Gm is more fun
1,It's a bit boring and the kids don't like it.There's no strong point
6,There's a cookie video I think Coco was more touched
6,Lesson. Let's enjoy every moment
6,
6,Where are my pants?!!
1,I dozed off while watching...
6,Honestly, it's obvious that it didn't seem that fun because I was looking forward to it. My nose is tingling...
4,the action of looking at something as if it were not focused on fun
6,The direct list of messages is daunting
4,Jerry and Terry? It'll be pretty if they come out as mood lights
5,A film made only to teach a lesson. Basically, it feels like the producer made it in a hurry because he wanted to teach a lesson without making a story. The feeling of direct instruction is so strong that it is rather repulsive and the story itself is geared to the lessonIt looks like a movie from the 2000s.
6,It was good to twist conventional wisdom, but I don't know if it's convincing. Not really. What's the special meaning of life itself. It just comes to mind that everything is special, like nothing is special. It's like a movie with a kind of pale pc ideology that everything is worthwhile
3,What's the point of Naver's rating, which is all 10 points?I'd like to do an independent counsel for this, too.I thought about Coco and went to see it, and I was so disappointed. I'm so impressed by Hollywood's predictable scenario. The common music, which is the specialty of animation, is not very memorable either.
6,Actually, I was really looking forward to it, but it was just...I don't know if you're running out of empathy, but...But now that I think about it, I think it's because of COVID-19 I will never be satisfied with my life until COVID-19 ends
6,Touching... Kind of boring... Good but bad music...I saved my cuteness with beans, but I think it's right to watch the rest without expectation.
6,Too much rating. More importantly, the message you're trying to convey is misleading and somewhat unpleasant... "Let's cherish and live happily, even if it's a repetitive routine. Because dreams that you dream of desperation and desperation may not be your goal." It's a good message, but it's unpleasant to cut out and deliver a sense of accomplishment.;;;)
6,More than expected, sleepy, why? Because you didn't get enough sleep last night?The real world god is good, but it seems boring before birth
6,
4,It's just a killing time movie!
6,It was fun! Touching! Tears! I'm going to watch it one more time
6,High visual beauty, lines that I've heard before, obvious story. Great expectations can lead to great disappointments.
6,I was looking forward to it because of the good reviewsI was sleepy. The story was good, but I felt nothing special compared to Pixar's other movies I think this is a lot
2,Is it a lesson that life is beautiful? I endured the cliché production and faced the main character who denies the lesson himself. The selfish main character who goes back to play jazz without hesitation with the pass thrown out by 22 is just a sigh. When he saw him lamenting that he was in vain after the performance, he was angry at the deep-rooted pretense and contradiction in the movie when he returned to his body after receiving preferential treatment while giving him the right to pass at the end. In particular, even though the production team showed itself that even non-human animals have souls in the play, the cat's soul scene is just used as a one-time humor code. Lastly, what is the saying to us who set goals for life and lived through the day, and who left the theater after screwing up the countless great people and us who live? Oh, don't worry about the purpose or anything. You just have to look at this and pretend to be impressed and realize the lesson of life, and say nice things and gather the audience. Okay? What are you doing? The movie is over If you're done watching the movie, go away.
6,Disney Pixar seems to have fallen into mannerism because it is a similar format. Don't try too hard to be enlightened and think seriously about what a movie is.But just as I keep watching the Marvel hero movie "I won't watch it next time," I think I'll be watching Disney Pixar's next movie
6,It's okay. It was good for killing time
6,I'm an up-lover, and I've seen almost everything about Disney Pixar. Maybe it's because I went to see Jojo this time... I dozed off a lot in the middle... I barely slept in the movie theater. ㅠㅠI think it was too loose in the middle. Especially the OST and the atmosphere are so relaxing. It feels like I'm getting a spa.When it comes up on Netflix, I'm going to watch it again at home.
6,I'm getting really sleepy watching it seems...Hah!
2,Maybe because I'm an elementary school student, I'm totally boring
3,The play gets weird as we go into the second half. Rapid development and too much of a seminal finish. At the beginning of the play, he raised expectations with the sharp expression and direction of the rabbit animation before the start of the movie and the expression and direction of the hand, which contrasted with the face of the character, and it felt like he was losing strength. The two main characters' earth exploration process was written in a classical and popular way, so they were not repulsed, but many of them, such as the emotion of the main character who suddenly woke up like a Japanese cartoon character, and the probability of being a little lacking, hindered their immersion. If I could polish it a little more and touch it well, it could be an amazing movie.I was deeply disappointed that Still, the last neo-Confucian ending was very disappointing. All that's left is jazz music and other images of the world drawn by imagination
6,It's like bean sprout soup. It's not good as anyone wants to eat it. But it's good as a hangover. If you feel empty, it feels like you're going to get rid of it. But there are many other hangover soups
6,I looked forward to it because the reviews were good, but it wasn't that touching It's a bit boring in the beginning and the middle, but I didn't feel that way But I think it's a movie worth watching at least once in this current situation
6,So you have to live to the end to know life.It's too early to jump to conclusions about failure.It might be the best thing to think it's the next best thing.The moment of glory is short and empty, but the process is happy
6,There is depth in the story, but the children are bored.
6,I watched it with a 3rd grade kid in elementary school and he said he enjoyed it, but he doesn't seem to know what the message is.It's a movie that's a wake-up call for adults who live meaningless lives in a boring daily life, but...I didn't feel bored because I had high expectations, but for fun, it was just like that.
6,I had a good imagination, but I think I expected too much.It's a little boring
1,It's not fun... I watched it because it was free. It would have been unfair if I paid for it.
2,Was I looking forward to it too much? The probability... The song is so good
6,The movie is so so so soul...
6,It's an obvious lesson, but it's a witty one
6,Five to ten minutes after starting because I was tired, I fell asleep... There are loose ones, too
6,The content... It's hard. It's hard
6,It's just... It's not boring, but it's not fun either. I think it's good for killing time. What I remember is that the souls are cute and the animation that they played before the actual episode started is fun. The directing was interesting.
6,It's cliché as if it's not cliché.
6,It's just normal. It's not that boring, but I feel like I'm 2% short of the storyline. Music is good.
1,Who said this was fun? Don't look. It's a waste of money
4,If you dozed off when you first started, I saw you from the middle, and I was touched
1,It's worth listening to only a short jazz sound.The rest is ridiculous, and it's not funny at all.Totally fooled by the high ratings of the part-timers.
6,It's an animation, but it's not fun.  It was just like that. My back hurts because the seats are so uncomfortable
6,
6,I guess my expectations were too high. When asked how it was because the contents didn't reach the children, they couldn't answer quickly. I liked the fresh feeling of watching it together.
6,I like music and I think I should enjoy my life
6,I'm sorry that the 7-year-old is good at watching, but the kids are bored and boringIt's a touching story for adults
6,I saw it with my kid. It's kind of boring
6,I guess you had high expectations. Personally, it was loose.Inside out was more creative than soul.But the music was good!
6,I saw it. It was just calm
6,I don't understand the initial content and it's so boring because the subtitles are weird. Pixar seems to be overrated
6,Did I expect too much?The second half of the song became loose and suddenly ended, and the touching factor wasn't that great...I think I enjoyed "Inside Out" a lot
4,It's my first time writing a movie review. I fell asleep while watching it. When I woke up and saw my friend, my friend was cool... 그림 Picture style? Of course, personally, the story and the story are overrated. It's amazing that people almost fell asleep after watching the movie. Piano songs are good
2,I will never go to the movies again
2,The Pride of Pixar's Moral Book
6,It's profound... But... It's a scary feeling about the afterlife. The graphic is amazing, but the message in it is not very...
6,Coco and Soul are not in sync with me. "Preciate your day!" I was tired from the usual self-improvement book. Jazz was nice to hear. You won the OST award.
4,I thought of "sour random" the whole time I watched it. If it wasn't for the audience's review, I wouldn't have been able to figure out what I wanted to say. There are so many elements in the message of cherishing the present, but it's not convincing, it's unlikely... I was very disappointedcrying
6,
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to Disney Pixar. It was not that bad, but it was cute
1,Not this one, but watch "The Blade of Destruction" train
4,No fun. The rabbit video was the most fun
1,That was really boring. The rabbit short story, which came out before the movie, was much more touching and better in terms of visual beauty and delivery of theme consciousness. It would've been more fun if we made it 120 minutes longer
1,I've been scolded for holding back a boring story that's close to a less likely, less empathetic delusion to convey the most obvious theme of life's not just great success I want to meet someone who gained hope to live a hard life after watching a movie like this I'll buy you a big meal
6,It was just like that. Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it
6,The drawing style is definitely warm and nice, but honestly, I felt that the quality of the drawing style was lower than that of Pixar movies. And I think this movie is a little difficult for young children to understand. And in the beginning, there's a short story with a rabbit. It was fun, but it was so long that I thought I had dressed the theater well, and it had nothing to do with the movie, so it wasn't good.
1,Boring and boring. It's not even touching.
1,I had a good night's sleepIt's so calm that I'm bored.
2,Everyone's saying it's really fun.Am I the only one who doesn't like it? I think it's a completely children's movie, and I understand that the protagonist who is trapped in his own world realizes the importance of being extremely ordinary. I don't understand the implausible set-ups.The insensitive protagonist ㅜㅜ 22 with an indelible wound. It was a movie that I couldn't understand why such opportunities were created for an dishonest protagonist. The dream of pursuing art was not as meaningful as I thought, and to someone who did not know the importance of daily life and missed a chance to live due to safety insensitivity...A chance for someone who broke the system and caused chaos. Haha, if there are people like this, there are people like that. I looked at it like this.
4,I fell asleep while watching it.He's dragging his feet.But video beauty is good
1,Soul is a minor copy version of Inside Out and even anime, I recommend watching Inside Out if it makes it difficult for children to understand
4,It was a shame to see him not giving up on his dream
3,Expectations for Pixar ㅜㅜ There are some lessons, but it's too loose.
2,Was it because I had high expectations?It's a boring movie...
1,I just fell asleep because I was sleepy
5,It's a little better than Onward Coco.The beauty of the video is not as good as Pixar's masterpieces
6,I'll use more good ideas and see you in the second episode
4,It was more obvious than I thought, but I was able to look back and appreciate the importance of everyday life and the specialness of ordinaryness
6,I'm not as satisfied as I thought. It feels warm.
4,I think I wrote a movie about life well related to music, but the story is too simple 인Inside Out is my favorite movie, so I was really looking forward to it. 소Soul just watched a movie that babies would enjoy, so I feel like I'm not impressed I think the kids will really enjoy watching it And all the songs in the movie are so good that I think I'll listen to it again Just the song
2,I slept well. It's not my cup of tea
6,It doesn't have a big. It's a movie that gives me a life lesson to the point where I'm sleepy because it's so calm, but for me it's not...
6,Thank you. I watched it with a 9-year-old girl. She's having a hard time K
6,To be honest, I wasn't that great for a Pixar movie. I feel like I'm trying to copy my previous works 중간 It was chaotic and disappointing in the middle. But the content itself was good. Don't expect too much.
6,The lesson from the movie was good, but I was honestly looking forward to Disney&Pixar's OST.
2,It's not that good. It's hard for kids to understand
6,It's about a person who sympathized with me a lotIt was predictable from the beginningI was bored in the middle of sleeping... The last one is touching
2,Bored and sleepy I don't know why the reviews are so good
6,If only the screen was good, this time Pixar kept talking about the lesson topic, I touched a difficult topic, so I was bored, and I saw a popular self-improvement book, but I didn't feel it at all
6,Courage to give up, All is well, may or may not be instructive.It's a movie that comforts people who are really tired of not reaching their goals, saying, "It's okay to give up." What's life like? Enjoy every moment preciously.
6,Promoting the movie is very effective. Honestly, if there's anything else that's fun, I'd regret it
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? So so... I dozed off a lot in the beginning
6,You may be disappointed if you look forward to it.
6,It was fun. I liked it because it was a story where my soul changed and I succeeded
1,I know the lesson I want to say in the movie, but the way of expression didn't impress me After showing the main character's life who was crazy about jazz and saying, "My life was meaningless," and seeing him feel empty after the stage he dreamed of and give up his life again (of course, it was a more complicated situation in the movie), I honestly couldn't understand it. Can it be said that life is meaningless to focus on one's goals and strive frantically toward one's dream? It's a cruel story, but I think those who will be moved by this movie will be able to impress those who should have given up their dreams for some reason, or those who are struggling with what they're doing now. But what about people who are running hard toward their dreams and producing good results as much as they try?
2,Only pretty in the prettiness. Very little content.
4,There's no movie to watch with COVID-19, so this kind of boring is a review
4,A little childish forced emotion and obvious lessons. And while it is true that you have to enjoy the present, many great people say that dreams and purposes are the driving force of your life and that people without dreams are like dead. If you achieve your dream in the movie, you will feel empty I don't agree with the expression of just enjoying the present. If I were you, I would rather dream big and achieve my dream than live a life of complacency, set my next dream and goal and live a more advanced life.
6,Pixar's message to young Koreans who dream of becoming a civil servant. An animation as difficult and profound as Tenet for children.
3,I'm so disappointed.ㅠㅠ No fun, no touching, no 3D
4,It's boring, it's a little hard to understand.The video is very good, but the music and the story isn't perfectly good, a little discordant. But there's a heavy blow.Disney is Disney.I recommend watching it for fun
6,It wasn't sad. The video was pretty
6,Civil servant lectures are more fun
4,I can't be the only one to die. Make sure to watch the last cookie video.
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much
6,Then the inside out was much more fun.
6,It's calm. There was nothing special
6,
6,It's so boring. A very good movie to watch aimlessly. It's hard to see with the kids, and they might be confused about their lives. Anyway, a mysterious movie that doesn't end
2,Every day life is precious and meaningful, but when I look back on my life, I feel more hopeless because there is nothing like that.
6,The reality of the male protagonist was more attractive
6,(3.5) Pixar's boring self-replication
4,If it's funny, it's either a part-timer or a vain person. Pixar's only failure. No matter how well you look at it, it's a normal work.
6,I think I had high expectations Hh so so so
4,Except for the good OST...It's just so so...This kind of movie is full of cold
1,The movie that came out in the middle... It wasn't fun for me.0
1,Summarized by the word "injective emotion"
1,I don't know what it's about. Maybe it's because I didn't expect this story. I believed it was Disney Fix, but I was disappointed. It's boring
1,It's not as good as I expected
2,You can't sell popcorn and drinks in theaters, so you're doing a crazy commercial thing? The music is not good, and it's hard for children to understand. Even though it's an animation for adults, Pixar fans ran to see it in the first week of its release, and the rest of them were really nothing to watch, so I think they basically watched Pixar's (Disney) movie sign. Critics are glorifying the story by excessively torturing the hope in the COVID-19 ERA.
6,I was disappointed more than I expected, but I think the combination of video beauty and animation went well! In terms of the story, it wasn't really touching, but it was slightly touching
4,I just don't like it.It's not a good match with Jeonghan.
6,I watched it with my parents, but it's more boring than I thought~~
1,No Jam. I don't know why you like this
6,It was so calm at firstIt's getting more fun towards the end
4,It was more boring than I thought because I expected too much.
6,I heard the sound of Lotte Cinema in Cheongnyangni by mistake in the beginning, and it was hard because of the noise Maybe it's because the movie stopped, but the movie isn't that good either
2,Obvious stories, boring developments... Only cookie videos burst into laughter.
6,Personally, I liked the image. I liked the ordinary, real, and warm-looking paintings, not the pretty main characters. However, the content itself felt like reading a healing self-development book. I think it's more touching if you make me realize the message, but it feels like I'm telling you openly... It was just like that.
6,I'm sick and tired of directing that I fell in love with something. An animation for adults
6,It's a warm movie and I enjoyed it. I think it's a good movie for killing time.
2,Is this fun?I think it's Pixar's dark history
4,Will this really hit home for those who are having a hard time due to COVID-19? From the perspective of seeing my friend who got fired, I couldn't relate to the scene where I felt that life was precious while looking at the leaves.ㅜㅜ
6,It's touching, but if you showed the performance scene until the end of each song
2,a film with no contentI was so disappointed because I was looking forward to the content like Coco.
6,A movie I don't want to see again.It's not as good as "up" and "inside out."
5,One of the great advantages of animation is that it can be expressed indirectly through virtualization. I wonder why Disney suddenly wants to stand on top of the message-forced form of coercive expression, which has blocked free imagination and broad interpretation through various metaphors and abstractions. It's considered arrogance that advocates purity. I personally don't recommend it.
6,Lessons and impressions are not natural, too direct
6,Should I say that I'm less into it? At first, I thought it was because I watched it with my friend, so I focused on the movie by myself, but it was hard to get immersed in the movie. The overall flow was a bit disappointing.
3,What was it? It felt like that.
6,I think it was the most touching and fun Disney movie 마지막 When we went to the earth, there wasn't anything that moved me I couldn't concentrate. I think the OST was the best T
2,It's not fun. I couldn't laugh once, I squeezed out the emotion, but I didn't feel it. It's COVID-19, but I made up my mind and went out, but it seems like I wasted my time
6,I had a good imagination, but when I made the story of the complicated soul world, it seemed like I was forced to put it together. If I made it simpler, I think it would have hit the message the movie was trying to convey. I think I would have agreed if the audience could enjoy watching the movie itself rather than finding the purpose of the movie.
3,I was looking forward to seeing Coco, and she was Disney Pixar's worst. It's an obvious plot, and the music is not good, and I slept well while watching it
6,Every scene was good, but I'm not sure about the whole thing.
4,It wasn't that fun one trillion
2,If Coco gets 10 points, Soul gets 3 points?
1,Don't hate it, just waste your money--;;;
6,The first few minutes of video beauty were really into the amazing video beauty. It feels a bit boring, but it's worth watching just music and videos
6,I think it's a movie that really teaches a lesson But kids might get bored It can be comforting for people who are bored and have no meaning in their lives
1,It's a waste of a star.My time... my family's time refund..Pay me back ten times. ㅜㅜ
6,I think there will be a lot of likes and dislikes...It's not a very exciting story, so I slept.So I asked a friend next to me about the story, and he said he slept, too.
6,I really enjoyed watching Coco, but this wasn't good. I wasn't bored while watching it, but the character was not attractive and the story didn't touch me personally.
6,Boring and obvious touching story...
6,I know the message, but Disney always smells of blood, whether it's subtle or direct.
4,Is it a movie that deserves a high rating?The content that makes the audience think is good, but it was not delivered well.I was very disappointed to see if he wanted a similar level of emotion to the inside out.
2,I was disappointed because I got a GPA. I took my seven-year-old and four-year-old dog on the weekend and threw away the money. Maybe it's too boring, but they keep asking me to go to the bathroom in the middle, and the flow gets cut off, and the content itself is death, but I think middle school students or older should watch it because they don't know it well. It's like a connection story that comes out of death when life ends in another Spirit, and nothing new is there, so it's boring. I don't know why they say it's funny. Throwing away money. I don't recommend it. Rather than wearing a mask without popcorn during the COVID-19 era, wait a month and watch it at home. There's no new story.I asked my 7-year-old daughter after I saw her, and she said she had no idea. It's hard.
4,I guess they were looking forward to it because the reviews were so good ㅠㅠ It wasn't as good as I thought It's a little boring and touching...
2,I don't know if I'm emotionless. Honestly, I don't even understand the story I know what kind of jam it is, but I really don't know what you're trying to pull out of it. It's not touching or fun. I just yawned
6,Honestly, it wasn't very funny. It was regrettable that the process of teaching lessons seemed too obvious and that only the main character had a chance to live one more time, making an exception against the death system.
2,It's not fun. It's not fun, so I can't get into it. Rather, the short story of the rabbit before the movie started was much more interesting
3,I watched this movie because of Coco's lingering feeling, but it's chaotic and unimpressed.
6,Pixar's was surprisingly less than expected.The story is so boring... I think cute characters play a big role
4,Are there any part-time jobs in the comments?Samjin Group TOEIC class and Soul...Think of a fifth of the inside out.Kids get annoyed because they're bored, and I'm bored too.
4,The latter part is touching but boring
6,It's good to think about life again when you're an adult, but... I'm sure the kids will be more bored
5,I'm a bit touched... The story was out of the blue, but I just watched it. If you're looking forward to a story like Inside Out, I recommend you not to watch it It's not a cute and cute story. It's an animation for adults who are tired of lifeTerry is cute
5,The story development was Disney and Pixar, so I had high expectations, but I'm bored because I didn't meet expectations...
6,I was really looking forward to it, but I didn't feel anything.
2,It wasn't fun.I got a GPA
6,It was just like that's all. So so
6,Don't look forward to it!
6,a quiet movie not a deep lesson
6,It wasn't enough to bring out a good movie or a big sensation.
4,I don't agree with all these reviewsIt was such a boring movie for me. Am I mistaken?영상The visual beauty was good
4,I came to watch it with my friends, but the two of them slept It's boring and boring.
3,The material was very fresh, and it felt like the process of going from the middle to the end was over quickly. I thought, "No, all of a sudden?" It's a very disappointing work. A movie that lacked completeness compared to Inside Out.
2,Wow, such a waste of money...  Sleep while watching a movie. It's not fun at all. If you want to watch it without thinking, go watch it. But it's really not fun
5,What your parents wouldn't have heard of, Pixar said, a heavy shot of philosophy? K
6,It's a vague movie that's not very fun, touching, or sad. It's boring in the middle.
4,I watched it without any expectations, but I was sleepy.
6,It's not an animation for children.
1,Bored... I was expecting inside out, but suddenly a strange person came out and tried to impress me.
4,I fell asleep while watching it. It's a movie that shows that I got Chinese money.
2,I hope CGV and MEGABOX will fail without any noise I don't want to go easy on you
6,It's a good movie for the older kids, but it's a little hard for the younger ones to know about life.
4,Too many questions asked. throughout the whole time
4,a far-fetched development
6,Compared to Cocona Inside Out, it's plain, but still!
6,I don't know if it was because of the high expectations, but I'm really sad.
6,It wasn't as good as I expected
6,It's been a while since I went to see it with my kid. It's different from the previous movies;; From a children's point of view, you've been going back and forth from the past to the present, so it's a bit distracting and loose... My butt was shaking -- Because of the distance between the seats due to COVID-19, I was sitting apart from my child and taking care of him. Life, life to children. I think it was too hard;;
4,I can't relate to American jokes
6,Don't expect too much, not as much as the rumors say
1,I'm bored. The audience in front of me lied down and slept.
6,A good movie to watch in the Corona era
2,The worst Pixar OST ever. Inside out, sublime self-replication
6,Don't expect too much. A movie that taught a lesson rather than fun
6,I didn't understand what they were trying to say in the beginning because the word "flame" didn't hit home
6,I was looking forward to it, but... Other than music, I didn't really feel anything
5,A movie that touches people's hearts. It's a movie that's worth watching these days
5,
6,The Pixar Disney works that have been released so far were new and interesting every time I saw them, but this one is...Just like that? The cookie video was the most fun
6,Look at Wonder Woman 1984
6,It's not bad to say it's an animation for children. However, the trend these days is to target adult audiences with solid work, even if it is animation, but considering that, it was disappointing. The plot felt a bit cliche and predictable. But overall, it was a warm and sentimental movie.
6,to look forward to seeing the inside-out impression I watched it on its opening day.I was staying in Bangkok because of COVID-19, and I watched the movie as a fan.I think my expectations are too high. In the middle of the movie, you saw Ho-Ho-Dum and considered Korean fan's heart. I was touched.I'm sad that the song Lee Juck sang didn't come out until the end.Lee Juck's lyrics are perfect for the movie(Crying
1,Pixar is also moving towards a Disney-style ending; there is no way life will change after watching this
6,There are no OSTs. It's boring, predictable, and it's not fun. It's not fun. It's American-style comedy. It's not fun. It's worth watching if there's a special price of 4,000 wonI enjoyed watching "Coco Zootopia Toy Story" and everything, but that's not good
6,I was bored until the middle, and at the end, I was moved
1,It's not fun. I fell asleep. I was disappointed
6,A movie that tells you what's really important. Strongly recommend
4,Everyone gave me a high rating. I was a bit sleepy
4,If you were bored, my friend would just sleep next to you
1,I fell asleep while watching it. I'm not that touched by boredom
6,It ends like Ralph the Fist?
5,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.I'm bored ㅠㅠ
4,I was really looking forward to seeing Coco inside, but honestly, it was a bit boring, so I know the lesson... I'm disappointed. I guess my expectations were too high expectations.
2,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it, but the story and the way it unfolded were too obvious So I was bored and sleepy in the middle of watching it
6,So what's the lesson?crying
1,I don't know if my emotions are dead or if Pixar's emotions are no longer effective Now
1,a film of obvious story with an ending Audience reviews were touching. It's my favorite movie. It's a cartoon for adults It looks like it
6,I was a bit bored this timeBut the rating is very highHaha
