피아니스트의 전설
2,I watched it on YouTube recommended by businessman Liner, and it's really sleepy and boring
6,It was just like that... The music was familiar to Enrio Morricone, and I couldn't relate to what Nine Tin-Hundred said at the end.  I liked the part where my dad came out in the beginning.
1,It's a third-rate fantasy movie with a crude story that combines obvious scenes. It's called True Story, and it's a movie called Novecento. The movie brings out a setting that can only be understood in the novel, so it is a movie that connects scenes that are so common that you can't relate to the characters. Just because the music is worth listening to doesn't make you poop.
6,An impressive piano performance, an unreachable story.
6,The life of a genius pianist who was born and stayed on a luxury ferry all his life, couldn't come out of the world and was buried with a ship...The storyline is a bit far-fetched.
6,Park Chan-ho starts telling the story to the musical instrument owner for 2 hours...
1,It's a movie that needs a low rating.ㅜㅜ
2,I don't know if my feelings are dry or it's a part-time job, it's not that touching or funny, and I only see the sexual harassment scene where Nam Joo enters the girl's room and kisses her
1,It's not a one-point movie, but I don't think it's a movie that exceeds nine points, so I give you one point to adjust the rating. It was a bit disappointing and boring to see from the perspectiveThe music was good and it was a good movie. I want you to remake this. With modern sensibilities...
5,I went to the theater to re-release today...The content was boring and unimpressed;;;;
2,Director Giuseppe Tornatore seems to have run out of directing skills since "Cinema Heaven," and he makes it hard, but it's all just those movies, and this movie is no different. Tim Ross, who plays the main character, the genius pianist, is the greatest miss cast ever!
2,The main character is a coward and a pervert!Lack of probability No emotion, boredom, and ending words don't really touch
4,I trusted the name of Giuseppe Tornatore and watched it, and my irritation level went up. Bae Chul-soo's music camp recommended a movie to me, so I watched it, but is there no one who reviews professional movies? Comedy, fantasy, and HUENINGKAI's mysterious movie
6,It was my favorite movie. Seeing the reopening of the theater, it was shocking that the main character liked a girl who was her daughter, and secretly entered the women's compartment, watched, and kissed. It was also shocking that the master of jazz became famous for covering up the sound of prostitution.
6,
2,It's getting fun, but the end seems like it's the end
1,I thought it was crazy that Freud Taylor Vince couldn't concentrate on the actor's eyeballs, and every time I watched it, I just wanted to poke both sides of his eyes with two fingers
6,a sad but beautiful life
1,It was really boring.
6,I expected a lot of piano performance, but it wasn't like that. It was a little boring.
3,The music was really good. Especially the scene where you point at each person and express them.
6,It did not leave a record. So he became a myth, a myth, and a legend.
1,I don't know if he's racist and thinks jazz is crap. And there's too much emotion... I can't stand it
5,I fell for it.ㅠ.ㅠ A poorly written movie with a story that's a waste of fancy production! If you look at your friend, you can tell who you are. Dumb and Dumber shoveling movie~ If my friend was acting like that, even if I made him disabled, I beat him like a dog and knocked him out of the boat and dragged him out.장 "Good job, Kim Nineteen-Hundred. Break into the night and get everyone pregnant!"
6,I can't concentrate because of my pupils shaking
6,I didn't understand that it didn't come out on land, and I was disappointed that there was an obvious piano battle scene
2,There is no probability or originality in this movie. All the reviews around me were good, so I was wondering throughout, but I was convinced by the critic's rating.
6,Everything was good, but the moment when the main character first played the piano as a genius would have been more likely if there was a more obvious opportunity in the middle of the suddenness. Anyways, N.N.O Morricone's music is always the best...
3,I hated it because it was stuck in my stomach.
6,I don't know why they included the scene where Nineteen secretly kisses at the girls' house at night. What's certain is that if this movie had come out now, it would have been buried.And why does the trumpet player keep rolling his eyes? I couldn't concentrate because it bothered me
4,It was too disappointing compared to the sequence and rating of the music or movie.I thought I was pretty popular myself.
2,Is there such a boring movie?  It would have been better if we cut it by an hour
1,1 point for too high a rating Good material Good music But obvious development, unnecessarily long running time I hope no one is fooled by the rating
5,Delicious ingredients, dry development
1,Super boring sleeping pill movie... No fun, okay? Yes, yes
1,I really slept while watching it. I recommend you not to watch it's not fun
1,Don't look at me like I'm no fun
1,My time is...ㅠㅠ What a waste of music
6,It's a movie where the clichés of the movie are too marked.  So it's just a little childish movie.
1,Don't go fishing too far. I got a grade. When I was in first grade, I asked him to watch this, and he almost fell down. The legend of the pianist, Dewar, Daredevil
1,Giuseppe's movies are mostly OSTs
1,I saw it because the reviews were so good. I don't know. It was so boring
6,The reason why it doesn't seem like a touching movie is that it makes me annoyed. The impressive scene is that the piano scene has good music
1,There was a message and a lesson, and the story and the material were okay, but I really didn't want to see the unnatural direction and forced acting. Maybe it's better for under-teens.
6,It's a movie that's not easy to relate to.
6,I don't know the meaning. It's not a question and answer.
1,It's all right, but it's weird to sneak up on a sleeping girl and kiss her
6,Enniomorekone's music is still mellow, but the 90 minutes of the story is extended to over 120 minutes, and the music, dance, and documentary films tend to be overrated, and Max's trumpet is loud enough to have to be used
5,It was so hard to watch until the end...
1,Do you only see the main character for nearly three hours of running time? Supporting actors, extras' worst acting skills. The story and composition are personal preferences, but I don't like anything, and I can't get into it because of the poor acting skills of the objective actors. One point is a waste.
3,I can't believe it
6,To be honest, it's a little far-fetched.
1,It's a good idea, but it's a lot of nonsense. Rating adjustment
6,I was bored to death
6,I don't have any emotions.; It was so cinematic that I couldn't relate to it. It depends on the person To appreciate a work of art.^^
1,Starting with Walt Disney's imagination, Yang Ga-hwi's lover's mark, ending with sophistry, unrealistic garbage
6,Fatty can't act.I can't keep my eyes still.The movie itself is flat.Fatty time minus one
6,I wrote all the things I wanted to say in the review. It's just...
6,To be honest, I don't think it's in the 9 points
5,Playing the piano doesn't make everyone Chopin.
1,Oh my...It's not fun...Why is the rating so high?
6,I'm sorry, I didn't recognize a masterpiece.Honestly, there's no need to be sorry. Because it's extremely popular
6,I feel bad for the main character, but I'm not impressed that he didn't win
5,He's dead
1,John 1 is not funny. I saw him at school. He almost died
6,Not a frog in a well, but a pianist on board
1,To be honest, a movie that was overrated because of Giuseppe's premium.
1,What's so touching about this?
6,My ears are fun. Tim Ross, I'm a fan of you personally, but Tim Ross needs to be soft
1,After watching? I regret watching this movie class The worst cast and the director's bloody crap
1,The scenario and ending were all good, but the unnatural and awkward direction. 1 point because it's too much
1,It's a rating machine. It's worth watching. I don't understand people who are touching. Is it touching to die in a boat?
1,Ratings are too high
1,Good piano melody but unconvincing forced production and content. get the hell out
1,It's a movie that's so intrusive and so tightly packed that it's a very annoying movie.You're showing off your music
6,Do you know the taste of jazz?
4,The emphasis on dramatic elements rather than musical elements makes it seem far-fetched
4,I can't relate to the main character at all The music is good
4,Oh, really... Whoo...
6,It may be a matter of taste, but I can never agree that it's a well-made movie.
6,I don't understand the choice of the main character and the trumpeter who supported it!
5,I can't forget Piano Battle, but I forgot the rest as soon as I saw it
6,The story of an autistic child buried alive with an old ship. Touching? There's nothing like that.
1,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it too much...If it wasn't good...It's worth 7 points.
6,A genius who couldn't do anything that couldn't take a step in the end.
1,Childish and low-quality movies. Perfect for children and teenagers.
1,7 points is enough
1,Only the music is good, an over-packaged movie... My personal rating is 7 points
5,Boring for adults but impressive for children.
6,The story is a mess. It seems to be a movie just for music, but neither the insertions are more than Morricone.
3,The trailer and poster are eye-catching, but the content is just so. Let's be honest
2,a film with a pleasing subject/topic; a film with a pleasing subject/topic;
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
5,Of course, I got goosebumps, but overall, it was kind of boring
6,You can see the world instead of the eyes of the movie, but it is hard to feel extraordinary instead of the mind.
2,There's no overestimation like this. You don't have a reliable rating.
1,Did I look forward to it too much?
2,The other fun is that compared to the movie, it really looks like there is nothing to eat at a famous feast.
5,a touching ending that has become a compulsion
6,Hope is disappointing and then unpleasant.
5,It doesn't touch at all.There's an end because there's a beginning. How can there be an end without even trying?Go out into the world
4,Outspoken escapism under the guise of civilization criticism is the worst fantasy
4,It makes me feel something unpleasant and unbalanced.
1,What is this -_-
6,1900 was a coward So I only lived in the boat and died in that's how I lived
1,I can't find anything touching
1,It looks like there's a bubble in the rating...It's so boring.
4,When I go out into the wide world, I become rather empty and lose myself.That's cool. Other than that,
5,I don't like Giuseppe's movies, but only Ennio's beautiful OST is memorable
6,A movie that doesn't match my rating. Boredom.I'm not that moved
1,It must be a trick.But there is too much foam on this rating
2,The music was good, but it's not a masterpiece...It was monotonous.
2,I feel like I've been tricked by my GPA.It must be a failure.
2,The main character is bored.Bad ending
6,I wanted to get off the ship and live.It's a bed ending, so the rating is 3
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
5,It was just... boring. Is my level low?
1,What is this? You should've been forced to drag her out.
6,It's okay at first, but it's getting boring towards the end... The OST is great
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
5,It's a masterpiece, but... Should I say it feels like my stomach is going to the mountains?
1,It was boring for me
6,It's worth seeing
1,It doesn't make sense to be left alone on the ship. Do you want the people you were with to leave?
6,Six points
2,It'll be touching later on... But it's so boring...
1,I just slept. The most boring movie I've ever seen
1,Good
1,I'm really falling asleep.
1,A movie should be fun and touching, but it's not fun and not touching.
6,Well, will it be a little understandable if you get older after a few years? The music is really awesome...
5,It's not good... I'm forced to move...
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
1,I thought I was going to die of sleep.뭐What's touching?
6,I'm not touched.
4,There is no musical touch. The content is ordinary. It was just that... Tears don't come out.
1,Just look at the pianist~~-.,-~~ㅡ.,ㅡ
1,There is no atmosphere and the story is so absurd. a third-rate film
6,I am a little disappointed. There were a lot of boring aspects. The piano is attractive enough.
4,I don't understand.I'm not weird, am I?
1,Except for the music, it's not very...I don't understand, I don't understand.Why is the rating so high?
3,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh;;
3,The movie wanders like a ship that has lost its height.
1,It was very boring.
5,Oh, what a deterrent sentimentalism.The long-last scene is at the level.
1,Let's start grading
1,I'll give you all the ratings
4,It is even embarrassed by the forced story.
6,I didn't get the best of it...;;
2,Not much... ...you're bound to die if you're tied to yourself.
1,That's too low. That's too high
6,The part where four hands come out was comedy... Turn the tape around
2,It's the worst
5,Me too... Below my expectations
5,below expectations
5,The second half is a shame
6,It's a masterpiece, but I'm not that impressed.Maybe it's because I saw Amadeus
5,Boring, except for music, it's like a fairy tale.
5,It doesn't taste like I'm craving something...
6,You just have to move the boat.ㅉㅉㅉ
1,I was bored to log in to reduce the score.The worst movie is the movie that the audience is bored with
6,The rating is too high; The music was good, but...
6,It's a little slow compared to the score.
1,Scenarios that are too low in the same score range.
5,I don't understand why this rating is so high.
5,The story is just...But because of Morricone's music, 5 stars
1,Top
5,... I wasn't bored
1,It's a good movie, but it doesn't have such a high rating.
1,Whatever
1,The movie was good, but the rating is very high.
2,It was so boring, but I wasn't impressed.
6,I don't know if you're confused with the Pianist...I'm not very impressed.
3,Well, it was a little boring.
4,That's far-fetched. That's ridiculous.
1,안 돼~
3,so, that
1,I'll have to see. Hmm
6,The story is sloppy. If the goose is born with eggs, the main character is born with piano
4,Too much expectation leads to disappointment? Nothing more than a flat crop.
1,It's so much fun. Titanic is more fun lol
3,It's a drama that doesn't relate to " contrived."
5,Why am I so boring -_- It's weird at the end
5,a story in the guise of romance Too contrived
6,Is it because I was looking forward to it too much?
1,A movie that relies on elementary sensitivity... Boom up with a movie that treats insomnia
6,It's a good story, but... It was kind of empty and touching... Well...
3,It would have been fun if it was 20 years ago. a rather blatant and boring film
3,I don't think it was a fun movie
5,The piano performance competition scene is impressive
6,The piano scene was good, but...What is that thing that really comes out of your stomach?
6,It's touching, but it's not fun.Fsol, you're gonna die
6,Stories are boring and... The music didn't touch me.
1,It's hard
1,Giroud
1,Boring. There are so many things I don't understand
5,I was looking forward to the main character on the continent, but... In the end, it's just a touching story.
6,There is a difference between people...It didn't hit me very hard.
5,--  Don't watch movies if you don't like them
3,It was not good. The story is boring, and the music is not particularly good
1,If I give you 1 point, how many points will it go down?
6,The right story, the right friendship, the right...
1,It's a waste of 1 point
1,... It was boring
1,Geniuses are always like this.
1,I fell asleep while watching this. The content is long and boring.
6,"Damn jazz"
1,If it were a ballerina legend, it would be 10 points
5,I'm sorry. I didn't look at you properly.
1,Are you all the best?
1,Movies need to be funMy
1,I don't like it
5,The piano melody is good, but the story is ridiculous
6,I don't know why the horoscope is so high. I was looking forward to it. Disappointed...
1,A film that teaches how to make a trash movie
