바람과 함께 사라지다
1,I don't like it because it's a southern white movie.Still, the fact that the Chosun movie appears on top of this movie shows the level of uncivilized thinking of the Joseon natives.
1,Because we broke up.I'll give you 1 pointI don't want this to happen again.
6,It must have been great at the time, but now you can see a blind heroine in a man.
5,It's quite good.
1,I liked the end of the life story of a selfish and stubborn woman who rationalizes herself by saying, "Tomorrow's sun" until the end because it was Sprite
1,Overrated movie production is okay, but the story...
1,The acting and visual beauty are excellent. However, in the scenario, Park Kyung-ri's land is millions of times better. I just pray for the repose of the two men who sacrificed for Ashley. a shameless man who then hogs his fortune This could be a classic, but a masterpiece...
6,A masterpiece that is regrettable in the perception of history, which begins with the saying that the beautiful days when the owner and the slave coexist have disappeared with the wind. It would be hard to find a masterpiece more exciting than this if you look at it without the advocacy of slavery.
2,When I was young, I didn't know the inconvenience of fireflies, which depicts the pain of Japan after the war. Sympathy for the Southern Landlord, and there is such a thing as friendship between black and white people. The film's self-centered glorification is disgusting after learning how miserable and cruel those Southerners have become and slaughtered black people.
5,It's almost four hours long and it's boring, but it has attractive charm. It is also imprinted that women should be careful.
4,Vivian Lee's character is not very good. The black maid's voice is unique and interesting
1,The female character is similar to promiscuous Kim Chi-ryeon, so I give you 1 point
1,It's too high. Adjust it.  The cast of the female characters is... "Boom! Jade t-shirt."
1,I was disappointed to see it because I expected it to be a classic B-class movie that gives a message that justifies racism that only seeks interest. Still, it is very interesting. I think it is the highest peak of B-rated movie.
1,It's psychological to wake up suddenly and say, "The sun of tomorrow will rise tomorrow is a bit like a psycho
1,A masterpiece is a piece of cake. Four hours of boredom and cancer
1,It's about watching a woman whispering.I don't know if there's any lesson or fun...
5,So you should always ask yourself what you really mean. Why do you break up and GR when you love yourself? I hated Scarlett the whole time I watched her
1,Xu Beihong's Old Advertising Girl Not Being Republican
2,It's just... It was... I can't get into it The ending was good
6,To be honest, it's too much to say that I wasn't bored at all for four hours. It was great for its reputation. One always regrets belated realization
1,Retbartler, who has wasted his life on Scarlett, looks pathetic. Frankly my dear, I don't give a dam
1,I can't get immersed in love between male and female, and Andy is so much better
1,I like how Retbartler came to his senses at the end
4,.....propaganda can make heaven a hell, or hell a heaven.
3,I don't know why it's a masterpiece.  It's just a tough lady coming out and making a fuss.LOL I was annoyed all the time watching it
6,It is a great story to approach from the perspective that everything is forgiven if it is pretty, but if it is removed, there is not enough device to step back on the inevitability of the story. It's not fair to say from the point of view of the 70's, but from the point of view of the present, I'd throw away four hours on the annoying woman statue
5,I don't like it.
5,Except for the grand scale, it is no different from popular dramas that were common at the time.
6,be limited to opulence
5,I don't know what kind of fun it is
6,It's not fun
1,It's just an obvious new drama
1,American movies are still far away.It's somewhat
1,Not good...................
1,A movie whose concept disappeared with the wind
5,What's the end of Melanie's death? Leave their finish to your imagination?
6,I dozed off
1,It's so boring...
3,Incredibly fast development, unforgivable Vivianry, a film that makes me more narrow and narrow-minded
1,70's version of a crazy drama?
5,At the end I was madly annoyed that Rhett and Scarlett never got back together
6,Which part are you moved by? To be honest, the movie is so touching.
1,..not really
5,Did I look forward to it too much?
1,garbage in the garbage
6,It's so boring
3,좋아요.
6,Shut up, Southern beauty, provocative story. It's fun, but I'll give you six points.
6,My taste is not popular at all, but if it's over 100 minutes, you'll get a deduction.
4,I wonder if it's a masterpiece. The acting is suspicious, the story is too extreme... Is this a masterpiece?
3,Honestly, it's not fun
1,Soyeon is prettier.
1,Sneaky approval of disgusting slavery, more disgusting excessive southern glorification
6,Vivian Lee's disease of princesses Three hours of boredom. a well-made film of the time
1,Touching and calm boredom
3,The novel is interesting
6,If you saw the light because of the original
4,be easy for a movie
5,네 알겠습니다
2,A production that didn't fill 4 hours... It's so boring.
6,I'm bored for over four hours. But the last scene, the lines, the actors' acting is good
1,Top
1,Childish.
1,I don't really...
1,But 9.19 is too much!
1,Hooray for emergency measures
1,My vote to bring Emergency Action No. 19 to the top
1,You don't blame me for having a different perspective.You can get 1 point
1,What are you doing, old man? When is this going to happen?
1,I don't like it. Let's get off
5,Did you see the movie? Honestly, if you look at it now,
1,It's fun
1,Why is it so long? not much
1,I don't think so
1,Activated my brain cells, King Sejong came down to me and gave me a rating
1,As expected, multi-cellular LOL
1,Multi-cellularity is the norm.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It doesn't suit my taste.The monster's fine
1,The monster is smaller, but it's totally different. You guys who don't want to give a point to the monster
1,Let's not manipulate it
1,I don't want to be the first place
1,What is it?
1,It's a good movie, but it's not a movie that will win first place.
1,OOO movie is first place?
4,I can't forget the last line.But I saw it when I was in elementary school.
6,I've seen it on the big screen, but it's just a romance movie
1,I'm bored. I think half of it is drowsympathetic. What a waste of time
1,Oh my...
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I felt something empty.
6,It's worse than books...
6,Each cheesy line told the movie's zeitgeist.
5,What a movie to watch
5,Touching is not a big deal with me.It's just a good story.I mean, the original was good.
6,Movies are not as interesting as books.
1,It's like shit
