늑대와 춤을
1,It's nothing more than an American ending to American thinking, which won the Academy Award for the most overrated work of all time, a ghastly, crappy film
6,I saw it for the first time. Even though it was a long running time, I didn't get bored. Even though it's an old movie, it means that you made it well if you still enjoyed it. But I'll have to think about whether it's even called a masterpiece.
6,Don't whine about people not coming to the cinema playing videos from 30 years ago
6,The scenery of nature in the west is very beautiful. It feels like a year's worth of healing in spring, summer, fall, and winter for more than three hours of running time.
1,yuukuiliu
6,I saw it quite impressively when I was young, but it was a shame to see it again.
1,It's like a bed. Prove that you're old. How can you compare avatars to your little claws? You have to learn from the horse. You'll get 1 point for the bed
2,d
1,It's really boring
5,It's too long. It's boring
6,If it's interesting... Still the Occupy view...
4,He ran away to live alone.Did the soldiers go to war with the Indians because of one deserter?
1,To be honest, it's a low-quality movie.
6,I wish this white movie would disappear now.
6,a film of self-examination to the American people
1,Three hours was too much
2,It's not my cup of tea
1,a bubble of boredom
3,Why is it so long? It's not fun
1,A masterpiece is funny. It's the least fun lol
1,What's wrong with this? Why is it so boring? One of the boring movies
1,That was the worst. Why is this coming up?
1,Bored...
1,not much
1,It was really boring. Maybe because I was young
1,He doesn't even know what to say
6,I stopped watching because I was tired of it
1,Long and boring
1,This movie won first place?
1,Give it to the dog
1,It's the best!
1,I liked the title of the movie
6,It's a pity that it still hasn't escaped the view of white people.
5,What if the movie was about a young man from the Dakotas?
5,I watched this movie when I was 7 years old
3,The Trinity of the supporting actors' poor acting, childish emotional codes, and contrived scenarios
1,The American arrogant sense of justice is the deciding factor
4,After watching it, it's like
6,You can't help but lose faith by putting in a comedy of seriousness!
