나 홀로 집에 2 - 뉴욕을 헤매다
4,It's so cruel that I only saw the ending...
4,I can't do as much as my previous work, and it's actually repetitive, but there's no follow-up It's the best to watch the first and second episodes in a row
6,Is it okay to watch the whole show? I think the kids will learn that no one dies even if they get hit by three bricks
2,■ That's too cruel.  In particular, it is not a child's idea to nail a person's face with a takar.
4,
6,
6,How to deal with Donald Trump, the minor character in top star makgeolli.
6,It's funny, but it's a little cruel
6,Where's the scene where you throw bricks at Marv? That's the beginning of the explosion. The scratch on my forehead comes out first. Don't cut the tape
6,The second part is "turtle to show children." The brick-throwing scene on the rooftop is a crime of murder
6,Why is your family fighting with a kid? That's so childish
2,It's so cruel... It's because there's no blood. Actually, they're all dead. Why did you laugh when you were young?
2,That's cruel. He's driving a nail in the head
5,Both episodes 1 and 2 are fun and pleasant.
3,Take Kevin with you, damn it, and Kevin is so vicious
1,Trump became president Guys.
5,I didn't know then.The main character here, the kid, the hotel owner, the middle-aged man...He's now a drug addict and a leader of the planet's most powerful nation.
6,the proper development of a sequel
5,Home Alone 2 is almost Kevin's attempted murder, isn't it?
4,But now that I'm all grown up, I can only see sadistic things.
5,A trip that I've thought about once! Luxuriously to New York
1,When I was young, I was popular with movies and became an adult and popular with drugs
6,The first one was okay, but the second one is a little weak.  Even when I was young, I think my friendship with pigeon grandmother is a little too much.
6,I should've seen it when I was young
1,Now that I see it, just dispose of the trash
5,It's the most cringe-worthy Christmas movie. I'm embarrassed to see with my family--;; too much of a trap
4,Christmas is a mess
2,I should've filmed only the first episode, right?
1,Honestly, I'm so sick of this. I'm sick and tired of playing this all the time
1,Are you kidding me
5,It's not just the first movie.
6,If you can't forget the first episode, it's good to watch and soothe your mind.
6,In the first episode, we ran out of sweet water, but the gum is still gum.
6,somehow
6,It's a little more boring than 1.
1,The film doesn't end with just being funny, it doesn't ignore the authenticity of the film.
4,It is regrettable that only the stage has changed and the exaggerated humor and sloppy story that is the same as the previous one.
6,A happy child's worries are always cute.
5,Hollywood somme that brings out a lot of fun from the conservative side
1,It's kind of weird
1,It's funny. Funny.But the rating doesn't make sense
1,I don't think this is right.To be honest, it's kind of forced...It's not like I'm dealing with a kid.
3,Is the story always the same?
4,Compared to the previous one, it became cliché and only maximized cruelty.
1,Why do I have to go to New York?
6,It's so...아쉬운 What's unfortunate...The content is boring
1,This is fun.
5,Is New York your home?
1,For babies
5,1 point added to the first movie because of its value as a tourist movie showing everywhere in New York.
6,I'm fed up with Kevin's drugs.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,It's more childish than the first one
3,I should deduct more points than the previous one, right?
1,That little Shekie movie that made me want to go and kill her.
3,좋아요.
4,I don't like this
1,It's not fun at all Sometimes I just laugh
1,It's not... it's just to kill time.
1,Not good.
1,For killing time... 8 points is appropriate
1,The best movie that should have ended in the first movie.
6,I'm worse than the first one.Thanks to the first episode, did you make the second one?
2,Let's bring back the atmosphere of the first episode in New York
4,Move the stage to add a new flavor
3,The only thing different from the first one is the location...
1,Quit it!
6,It's fun, but I went too far in some scenes -_-
1,I've seen so many
6,Well done for a fun sequel, but...
6,It's a movie that I can't help but laugh, but I'm tired of laughing.K
4,I thought it was a murder.It was scary.
1,too unrealistic
1,The main character is a drug addict
1,It's a ridiculous movie.
6,I can't laugh at the forcefulness...
1,I can't believe it's 9 points until the second episode. I'll let you down.
2,I feel like I'm sharing the entire episode.Why don't we watch the first movie?
1,a series of shows
5,Compared to the first episode...
5,It's nothing more than a family movie.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,I really didn't want you to see me this time ㅠㅠ
6,Honestly, it's not as fun as the original. If you look at it again, it's boring
1,I don't want to be alone on Christmas.lol
4,As popularity rises, it shows the truth that only villains suffer more.
4,I'm sick of it -_-
1,I've seen it many times. There is a sense that CGV channels sometimes do it on Chuseok
4,I don't think Joe Pesci should have come out
6,Even if there are too many exaggerations and absurdities, it's a work that's worth watching with your family
6,I wanted to be new compared to the previous one, but the sequel is not good
2,This is what rehash is like. a textbook report that
2,Even though it's a movie, does that make sense? That's awesome
1,Please leave your horoscope and 40 letters, Two Guys
4,The first part of the movie is about success.
5,Home Alone 2 is more fun than 1
1,A really childish movie
3,I want to watch a movie
