러빙 빈센트
1,Why don't you put this on the list of 1,000 movies you should watch before you die?
6,
5,That he can listen to his story boringly with his eyes looking at the world.
2,The one with 10 points is a part-time job? I almost died of boredom
4,It is a movie that came out recently after dozing off. Just watch it when you're tired.It's unique because it's an animation format.
6,The story is rather boring. The biggest attraction is that I made an animation in the style of Gogh style
6,짧게 할게요. 영화는 마음이 따뜻해지고, 절묘하게 완성되었으며, 엔딩 사운드트랙을 위해 머문다면 음악을 통해 영화를 요약한 멋진 노래를 들을 수 있을 것이다. 그의 이야기는 드라마틱하고 인간으로서, 우리가 어떻게 그들의 일생 동안 가치 있는 사람들을 감사하는 방법을 알지 못하는지에 대한 매우 좋은 기억이다. 이 영화는 당신의 삶을 풍요롭게 해줄 것입니다.
6,I found myself resembling Vincent for two hours, who was distracted by the painting
1,..,,..,.. . .jkhlghjftut
4,A movie that wasted two hours with a new technique...  I want it back My 2 hours...
1,What excuse does the Planning Institute make for the Group?
1,It's so boring
6,I sincerely applaud the hard work and achievement of the work, but I don't know if it satisfies the fun of the movie.
1,The incomprehensible time and the darkness of something beyond
1,I gave up after 10 minutes, I can't see if my eyes are hurting or uncomfortable anymore.
6,The movie was worth watching, but I couldn't concentrate because of the electric drill sound of the Megabox construction at COEX Mall
6,It's not the feeling I wanted.Ah.
2,A well-made Gogh promotional video
2,I saw this for 24,000 won and had a big fight with my girlfriend because it wasn't fun
6,All the time I watched it, my heart sank, I fell asleep, and I watched it again, and I had less power than the first time, but if you are curious about Gogh's life, I will see you in the movie
4,I tried not to fall asleepI fell asleep.
6,I could feel that you put a lot of effort into making this movie The visual beauty is perfect But the storyline is so boring Compared to the artistry of the video, Gogh's anguish, his life in poverty, his big events are too short I was bored because Guji's 3rd personality made it less communicative
1,It must be boring. Art doesn't matter. The price of the art form is all money and bubbles
2,I think Vincent's painting was more beautiful to leave as a painting. a film full of stories and pictures that failed to keep up with the painting
1,It's a lie that I didn't feel anything, but... I just couldn't understand what was great about this movie. And it was very boring, and the content was hard to understand.
5,Why are you making me feel sorry?
6,Picture-making movies are experimental, but they are less immersive
6,Interesting. I can't concentrate on the movie after watching it in the movie theater.The visual beauty was so beautiful and fascinating, but the story was weak, and the mystery was solved, but it was intended to make you wonder what you were going to say in the end, so I was less focused on the story because of visual splendor.
4,I like to look at pictures, but I felt less moved when I watched the video, and of course, I admit that it took a lot of effort to produce it. Personally, it's better to look at the picture on the frame at the exhibition.
6,It was so interesting and fun to make a movie with pictures
6,I want to give an innovation award to the magic of the lively brush touch along with the smell of vibrating oil paint. (I was fascinated by the works of Goch, and I read his biography as a book, so I guess he was looking forward to it too much. I like to listen and think slowly)
6,If I had made the production more interesting, I would have been more immersed.
6,It's a perfect movie to show at the Van Gogh Museum
1,a style that is excessive for long and suitable for mid-length films
6,It was good that it was an animation in the style of Gogh, but it was more than I thought
6,The ending of the movie is touching
3,I honestly didn't like it.
6,The ratings and reviews were so good that I went to the Cinecube that is still showing. I rarely watch movies, but this is the first movie that I fell asleep while watching it' The sincerity of the painting is so great that the story is very boring.
1,Not bad, but boring
4,Sleepy. Obvious. Hard work. Not all artistic material can be an artistic film
6,It makes me think about the life of an artist
1,Boring. The picture was good
6,The freshness of the content and the beauty of the visual beauty. a philosophical subject of one's own everywhere to historical evidence A good movie.
1,The reputation of a building that is valued does not include the work force of miscellaneous workers
1,The editing is a mess and the content is cliche with a huge workload.I'd much rather read a great man's biography. The movie poster is everything about the movie.
6,It was very good in terms of oil painting, in terms of presenting Vincent's new perspective, but there was a little bit of a difficulty in what the general public like me was trying to say about Vincent.
6,It's fun. Realism rather than hypocrisy
6,I got in trouble because I was sleepy and the dizzy screen was bad
6,To be honest, I'm not impressed. I'm sick of it.
1,This is in the 9-point range? There are a lot of part-timers. It's a waste of a star. This is a movie! It's a movie about Vincent's suicide, and I know that he put a lot of effort into it by hand, but I was forced to endure the fact that OOOO was not interesting and wanted to fall asleep and run away
6,A good movie that makes your eyes happy just by watching it
6,I was attracted by the unique animation based on art, but it didn't really touch visually, and it was close to a mystery focused on Gogh's death.
6,I wanted to put my self-interest as a painting major and a person who looked at Gogh's work in person.It was definitely a worthwhile attempt in terms of technology and the scene is beautiful, but it's a little too high to say that it's complete as a movie.The brushwork keeps getting messed up, so it's so dizzy.
5,It's full of sincerity. a familiar, fragile narrative to the end
5,The visual beauty was good, but that was all.
6,I wanted to see it, but I missed the time.
6,It's different... boring.
6,The producers' hard work and ideas for planning were novel, but because of the intention of the plan, there was inevitably a limit to the story, so the fun was weak
3,I bought a lot of balls in the movie, but the story wasn't interesting and the screen was shaking, so it was very dizzy
6,Sleepy if you slept. This is Gogh. Only Bo-saem
6,I could have made it less boring.
5,Honestly, the story isn't good enough...Just a sleepy movie. My eyes are tired because it's an oil painting.
6,I think it's going to be different depending on your taste. Personally, it was impressive to express the story in pictures, but the story wasn't good.
6,My eyes hurt because it's too fancy. That's a bit disappointing
4,The plan is good, the picture is good, and I admit that Van Gogh's dedication is meaningful, but the story is far-fetched and boring
6,Good, good. It's worth watching.
6,It was good to see Gogh's life in depth, and the picture development video was new, but it was boring
6,It is a pity that it is like an emotional movie focusing on the background or story rather than Gogh's life or Gogh's paintings. I didn't think I'd know his life, but I feel sorry for him
4,The first 10 minutes is amazing. It did not save the character of Gogh's painting, but the live-action actor acted and put a Gogh-style oil touch on it. The acting seemed rather awkward
4,I was looking forward to it, but I'm so disappointed. I think it would have been better if I just made it into a movie or an animation. My eyes are so dizzy even when I wear glasses. My eyes were so tired and sleepy because the outline was blurry. I think it's best to just look at pictures.
6,In fact, the movie itself is not very interesting. There is a clumsy and obvious feeling of surprise reenactment. But after seeing all the amazing paintings and the unique atmosphere of music, Van Gogh came into my mind.
4,If you're not interested in art, don't look. It was different to proceed with a picture
1,Let's be honest. Why do you try to fool yourself and just wrap it up?
6,I applaud your passion, but other than that, it wasn't that bad
6,It was just like that.
5,It's a new style, but there were some boring parts in the middle
2,It was an original material, but I was so sleepy While I was watching, my eyes hurt because of the not smooth screen flip.
3,My eyes hurt the whole time I watched it, and the story wasn't good. If it's artistic, I think it's a movie that people who like it will yawn and say, "It was a good movie."
6,Metacritic critic score of 64 seems to be the perfect score. At first, I thought I worked hard on it, but I wonder why I had to express it in that way. a series of unimpressive brushstrokes
1,The quality of the screen isn't as good as the movie
5,It's calm. The end is touching
6,I made it so boring with good pictures and materials. The picture alone is worth it, but it is also disappointing.  Movies are not just about pictures.
6,A little long, but you see in picture this taste.
5,It's a novel technique, but the delivery power is
6,There were times when I almost fell asleep due to the boredom of the story, but it was okay and it was a work that gave me a lingering impression
1,You can see the artwork in the gallery.
6,Ah... I don't know...
6,The fun of pointing out Gogh's footsteps with his paintings
5,I expected it to be sentimental, but there were a lot of regrets.
6,I'm sleepy. I can't sleep, but I forgot. It's getting better as time goes by. I think we should look at Gogh's pictures^^
5,There is no merit of this film other than the rather unusual experience of being able to appreciate art in the cinema
6,I don't think it was bad, so I feel it.
6,Well, I saw it because they said it was good, but it just felt like that. The hypothesis of Gogh's death...
5,I'm going to watch this movie, but it looks boring, but how boring is it?
5,It was a touching movie
5,It was a little difficult to see the expression.Is it because I saw you up close?I'm going to look at it from afar again
3,Hey, this is kind of...
6,a calm and moving movie
6,It was a shame that the content and direction were played separately. To the point where the production team's contribution is overshadowed,
6,The visual beauty is the best, but the scenario is mangjak...I'm so sleepy
6,Rather than being overwhelmed by hard work, it makes me look
6,Interesting way of putting it, but 95 minutes is too long. motion sickness
6,Oh, I forgot if I saw a movie on my way back. It's worth the fact that it's hand-made. This score is this score.
6,Gogh's intense painting style has hurt since the middle of the movie.
1,I acknowledge the hard work of the production team, but it was too boring. It's been a while since I saw a movie that made me sleep in the movie theater.
5,If I were to film a video and force it to paint a painting style, it would have been enough to make a filter. Like a pyramid made for superficial reasons.Imagination and hard work are impressive, but in the end, the narrative content is basically poor work
6,I'm not sure. I know you worked hard on the production, but the content is so confusing
5,I admire your efforts. There is something boring, so I give you a small score in terms of my taste. I'm sorry for the subjective point.
3,I think I entered the movie theater with too much expectation because of the impressive memories and good ratings in the art museum. I also hoped that such an attempt would be commercially successful, but the ratings are so generous that it makes me frown.
5,I enjoyed watching it, but I think you might be sleepy
6,I know it's hard, but it's not fun.
6,I could indirectly see how lonely and lonely the life of an artist's life
6,The eyes are definitely fun, but the person who comes out feels like an explanatory person.I was bored and fell asleep in the second half
5,The new way of expression is good The script is very unfortunate...
4,The picture is good. But my eyes hurt because it moved fast. I was sleeping while watching it
6,The beautiful pictures and the color content, it's not a thriller, but it's cool to express the emotions of the moment in a picture
5,Personally, I'm very encouraged and happy to make this movieThe color of the movie is so beautiful and I can even feel the craftsmanshipBut I think it's based on a true storyThe story is so boring...I'm sleepy.
6,It was so calm that I dozed off.But I wanted to know more about Gogh.I need to buy a book.
1,Before we put the artistic value of movies made in the style of Gogh's paintings, we cannot help but compare them with Gogh's biopic films that were screened a few years ago.  In terms of film, this movie is just sleepy. I just slept well and came out. In terms of film, it's just kind of unkind.
5,It was hard to understandI think I have a bad image of the paintings
6,The story was boring, so I dozed off ㅠㅠ The pictures and ideas were good, but the story was too poor
6,I gave a low score because I thought the ending was weird
5,It's too superficial.It was amazing visually, but that's it
6,You may feel dizzy when you paint
5,It's artistic. My daughter likes it
5,It was interesting, but it was boring.
1,My eyes hurt on the screen. My eyes hurt
5,A new attempt. EncounterBut the constantly moving picture touch makes my eyes tired. It's a boring development.  Sleeping pills...
6,It didn't meet my expectations, but it wasn't bad.
2,I was so sleepy that I thought it was ASMR
1,I fell asleep while watching it. Sorry. Let's make it fun next time
4,It was just worth watching. I was dizzy.
1,Did I just use all the visual expressions...  It's like a factory-picked scenario
1,I was sleepy the whole time I watched because I didn't like art.If you're not interested in drawing, I think it's better not to see it.The story was pretty good.
6,Just by looking at the efforts and production period of the movie, it is worth receiving high praise.
6,a film painted with fantasy about Gogh as an animation and as a documentary fiction
3,I definitely had a movie exhibition of likes and dislikes.
5,I appreciate the effort that went into making the movie. But the movie was really boring. A one-sided movie is half-hearted. It was unfortunate throughout the movie.
6,It showed the visual of ecstasy, but I couldn't help but feel sorry because it contained the story of a great person
6,It was easier than I thought. The oil paintings kept coming out, so my eyes were flamboyant and painful...
6,I don't understand more than 7 GPA. The content is not good, but the painting is worth watching That's done in two minutes. What about the rest of the time? I'm just dozing off.
6,I'm impressed with your unique image
5,It's a very unique and new movie. It's a work that I worked hard on, but I keep looking at the screen, so my head hurts
5,The visual beauty was fine, but I wish it had been structured to be more immersed in the character Gogh. The story that follows the mystery of Gogh's death is not attractive at all. I wish there were more stories about Gogh himself like the last part.
6,It wasn't a typical movie, it was a little boring, but I could see the hard work of artistic painters
6,I dozed off in the middle, but I think I know his lonely life at the end.
6,It was a movie where you can enjoy Gohee's paintings, but your eyes hurt a little because of the painting style.It's the work of 100 artists
1,Marketing Victory movie, really boring... Wow, I twisted my body while watching it.
3,I dozed off for a while... Except for those who love Gogh, it's Vichu
5,These are the ratings I've only heard of. Or a rating that ignores the fun of a movie because of its artistry.
6,10 points for a new attempt. Yellow jackets eat too much flat.
6,I was sleepy but it was cool.
6,I'm going to watch it again. I'll give you a proper rating then
6,A movie that runs on a love affair with Gogh. It's like a TV fairy tale theater, or a special video at the Van Gogh Museum.
4,Well, it's not complete. It's not the focus of Gogh's life, it's not the truth because the detective broke through. It's a marketing strategy
3,Well, I don't like it.
1,If the result is too bad even if you have good intentions and try hard, you have no choice but to criticize it harshly. I came out in the middle because I was so sleepy. It's my first time to come out while watching a movie. The scenario is so boring
1,I've been waiting for the release. What the hell is... the occupancy of the theater that you want to see but can't see... Unbelievable running time...Maybe we'll just get a file of partnership;;;
6,Overall, it was a boring progression, a topic that was hard to get interested in even though I had a lot of interest in Vincent van Gogh.
1,This kind of approach is fascinating, meaningful in itself, but only in the beginning, it is strange, and there is a shadow of dizziness and poor content overall.
6,It seems that the view that sheds light on the life of the conversant is too ordinary. It's good to add a background light that was born with a masterpiece in the middle
5,I went to see it because the rating was good.It was just like that ㅜㅜ Is it because I know what it is?To be honest, I was a little bored and dozed off. ㅜㅜ But I heard that Chingu was okay
5,I feel like the content is not good enough. I expected the story to some extent, but it was disappointing because it was only developed in the expected category.
6,It's unique. It's boring. I shed tears from a series of yawns. It was hard to concentrate because of the shaky picture screen.
5,You're making a lot of unexpected comments with your hard work and production period.I heard it took a long time because you didn't have any money. Is it too emulsifying in the introduction?My eyes hurt and I can't concentrate.The quality of the painting dropped significantly in the second half (approximately green feeling) Most of the viewers were women in their 20s...It's a movie that's perfect for bluffing on social media
1,I slept because it wasn't fun. I don't understand why it's 9 points
6,It was not what I expected, but it was good just to see the beautifully overflowing Gogh-style painting. Applause for the effort, time, and sincerity that many people put into making this movie!
6,The painting was beautiful but a little boring
6,Famous paintings rather than movies. If you watch it... Recommend watching with prior knowledge
6,The visual beauty was good, but the content was a bit disappointing. I hope you read the book "Van Gogh's Ears." Correct the false rumors about Van Gogh that we believe in. It could have been a more valuable work if it had dealt with the true truth, not just rumors that everyone knew.
6,The background of the famous painting style stands out-too ordinary storytelling and composition
6,Maybe a little loose depending on the individual. The end is good
3,Recommended for you who have insomnia.
6,It was a new movie, but it's a little boring. But it still shows Gogh's life!
6,It was hard to see because it was boring and the screen was dizzy
5,It was nice trying to look like an oil painting, but the content was a little boring
5,The picture was good, but boring
1,Gogh is great, but... The movie itself is very boring
4,The painting was beautiful and mysterious, but the story is only questioning death, so it is boring.
5,The fact that I made an animation with oil paintings is novel and fascinating. However, personally, the content was not interesting, and the screen was uncomfortable to see over time. I fell asleep while watching it
6,There's no way to express us except in pictures.
1,Disappointment, despair as a big fan of Gogh. The oil painting is really sloppy.
2,Scenario writer, bang. Scenario writer.
5,I dozed off in the middle. More than a hundred artists participated? I thought it was a waste of effort. I like Vincent very much.
5,It's more touching than fun.Respect for the trouble of the painting crew ^^
6,a rare opportunity a film worth watching But if you're not interested in painting, it's boring. There's a similar story from beginning to end.
6,It was quite an experience, but I was sleepy in the eyes of the general public.
5,A midday human footprint is enough than a grand promotion.
6,The picture movie is shocking.But the story isn't that...
3,It's okay to show images and paintings in a new format, but there's no sloppy conspiracy theory story.
6,Eye-pleasing throughout. Trying to describe Gogh's death objectively in its own way.
6,I watched it with my boyfriend and both of them have unfamiliar opinions, but there is not much story in terms of content.
6,Fresh cinematic beauty, movie with afterimage
6,It was amazing that the characters in Gogh's paintings moved alive and made me smile. However, I personally felt sorry that the story was not as fresh as the visual.
6,It's a movie that makes you focus on the screen rather than the story. If you love Goch, I recommend it
6,It was a new type of film, and the artists who participated in the production showed their affection for Vincent van Gogh. I was able to sleep soundly on this cold day with that warm heart.
6,It was hard to catch up with the content, but I think it was a movie that allowed me to see Gogh from a different perspective.
5,I happened to find out, so I saw it right away, and the story is just to ask people who knew Vincent and ask him why he died, and I like art and animation, but that's not very impressive either.You just go and get Vincent's name, and he tells you everything
4,The video is great, but the content is too weak
6,If you have a deep interest and affection for Gogh, I recommend it.It was a little boring to watch for simple cinematic fun.But it was good to see beautiful oil paintings alive.
1,I didn't like it because I made a video of it. Paintings have a good static feel in their own way. It would have been nice if the story would have been more lively as an actual actor, not Annie.
6,I slept really well. What happened at the end?
6,Nice, but frustrating production.
6,The beauty of the video is over, especially the expression that the famous paintings of real history seem to be alive and moving, and the expression that the characters move was really overwhelming, so I thought the story might have been a little sloppy, but the story was pretty good
6,It's a unique genre movie called oil painting animation. The storyline was a bit bland, so it was a bummer...
3,Can't you call me Goho? What's Vincent?
