당갈
10,I can't believe I just saw it. It was hard because it was a bit long, but it was predictable, but the directing made me cry
1,Confusing, confounding, confounding
10,PKㅠㅠㅠㅠ Running time was not boring ㅠㅠ Was it really a movie to watch ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I saw it because you said it was so good. As expected, it's 10 points
10,A movie that I want to show my daughter when she grows up
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,a heavy moving film
10,I think I watched a very moving movie after a long time. It's the best.
8,I could tell what this movie wanted to talk about by just looking at it for 10 minutes. The message of hope for the oppressed women in India, it was worth seeing anyway. But if you are not going to be directed by the director in the movie, you should go to school, not ignore the director
10,The story of a movement-mad dictator stepping back and becoming a feminist!
10,It's a movie that Faye should watch.
10,It was a cool story
10,Make sure you watch it. It's my favorite movie.
10,This is an Indian movie that I watched after a long time when Bollywood was popular 10 years ago You've made a lot of progress ~ From Pana's Amir Khan handsome actor to acting actor! I didn't know it was reduced by 3 hours :)
1,Indian Gukppong Femi Movie Worst
10,I'll watch it again. It's so much fun. What do you mean, for real? I'm so touched
10,
10,
10,The music came in harmony with the atmosphere, and the acting felt real. And most of all, the story was touching.
10,I enjoyed watching it again. It's the best!
10,I'm tearing up Touched for real! ^^
10,It's the best movie ever...
10,Prejudice. Change your views and pursue new things
10,If it was acting or music that broke the prejudice of Indian movies, the music story was so solid and boring that it ended even though it was a long time ago, it was more immersive and left a lingering impression on the Internet after watching the movie
10,No need for words, the best movie
10,
10,It was the most fun movie I've seen recently
10,I love this kind of movie. In India, women do not just work in the kitchen, but the father who allows them to do his job is so cool, and the guitar that made the way so cool
10,It's really fun It makes me think about many things. The song is good, tooI just saw it now, but I hope those who didn't see it watch it
10,I'm so touched. Children who obey their parents and follow them silently will succeed in the end
9,I'm starting to get sleepy after work, so I fell asleep in the middle. I don't know how many times I watched it in the middle. It's an obvious story in a way, but it's not an obvious movie. I'm grateful to the person who made this movie.
9,I haven't seen you since a long time ago, but I've done it today. It's a true story.
9,It's different from other Bollywood movies, so the story is solid and well-made I strongly recommend fun and touching songs
10,
10,
9,It's a movie that's comical, fun, and even touching
10,I'm so proud of you.I've never cried because someone was so proud of me
10,I really enjoyed it I lost track of time I think it brought a lot of lessons ㅠㅠThe touching story of a daughter winning a medal in wrestling for her father's dream is really hard to watch without tears I hope you all watch it once in a while!
9,I enjoyed watching it. However, the feeling of stretching in the middle. I am generally satisfied. Good!
10,No need for words... not boring for a second over two hours
10,It's really fun. I strongly recommend itHah!
10,
10,It's my first time watching an Indian movie, and the content is great and touching
10,I started to watch it without thinking much, but I was super focused. It was so good that I left a review for the first time; everyone, look Crumbling
10,I wasn't really interested in Indian movies, but I watched it on my brother's recommendation.Despite the long time, every minute is fun and touching without being not boring.
10,As expected, the movie with Amir Khan doesn't let you down
7,a tearful emotion
10,Dangar dangar gagar gagar joon jaun joon jam
10,Serious touching and a thorough hosting.Strongly recommend
10,I'm getting emotional, but I can't take every moment out of my eyes.
10,
10,A good movie leaves a lingering impression after the credits. The wet yesterday passed by was heavy, so all the early morning sleep ran away. Is it because I'm excited about today when I open my eyes?
10,I happened to see it and it's a good movie. It was by far the best movie I've seen recently.
10,the triumph of the patriarchal father's feminism
10,It's so touching and fun. I watch it with my friends at school and whenever I get a score, I scream and make a fuss
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year.
8,As expected, music can't be left out in Indian moviesDanggal! (Singing "Banggal")
10,How can I finally see such a masterpiece? It's perfect enough to lack 10 points.I got goosebumps the whole time I watched it.
10,A movie that gives me courage, too
10,It's a really well-made movie. It's a movie that gives you fun and touching lessons
9,The running time is long but not boring.
8,The character's personality and dramatic fun go head to head in a very familiar situation.I hope you overcome prejudice and enjoy the fun and touching moments.
7,A clunky, cliche but funny movie. an excessive rating
10,a masterpiece of humor and emotion  Indian Women's Dream.
10,I was watching another movie that came out on Netflix, and I happened to see itI didn't know the best time was going and I was focused! Real recommendation!
10,I can't believe that the story was real because it was so dramatic and like a movie.Amir Khan is the best, too!
2,If it wasn't good, only those who like wrestling...
10,It's so much fun and even the music in the middle is so witty
10,It's a must-see movie. It's touching. It's a movie that makes me think that I should not give up for the women who will come after me every time I give up something
10,The Best Touch and Best Direction
10,It's touching and fun. I recommend movies that make 2 hours and 40 minutes feel like an hour
10,It's the best sports movie I've seen recently.  Based on a true story, double the touching moments!
10,I regret not seeing you at the movie theaterIt's the best
10,It's a movie that doesn't waste nearly 3 hours
8,It's a touching story that you can watch for a long time without knowing the time
10,It's a movie that doesn't miss anything. It's really the best.It's really, really the best
10,It's a movie with everything, acting, story, lingering emotions, and emotion I was impressed by the movie "Three Idiots" but I cried while watching "Danggal." It's such a shame that I couldn't see it in the theater when it was first released ㅠㅠ I was recommended, but I postponed it, and now I saw it, but I regret that I should have seen it earlier!! I think this kind of movie is really touching and good~~
10,It's so much fun!It's a really touching movie.It's a movie about wrestling, but I strongly recommend it!3 hours isn't that long
10,It's a great piece of work. It's amazing
9,Watching a touching Indian movie again after a long time. The match scene between father and guitar is impressive. The music was good and touching. I learned about women's wrestling and it is fun to see the 88 Seoul Olympics on TV at the beginning of the movie.
10,It's been so long since I saw a satisfying movie. This is what a movie is...  It was the best...
8,A sports movie that captures both emotion and fun! The development and story of a long running time that is not burdensome at all!
10,It's touching and fun. I lost track of time
10,It's so addictive
8,It's a good movie. I got emotional when the Indian national anthem came out
10,Basically, Indian films released in Korea seem to be more than average.
10,Best movie in Bollywood history
10,Amir Khan, who you can trust and watch. Not just a sports movie, but a movie that gives both fun and emotion
10,Great music, great acting
10,I watched it without any expectations, but I really enjoyed it.It's touching and the story is amazing
10,The best movie of my life! For those who haven't seen it, make sure to watch it
10,10 points is a waste of my life
10,A movie that teaches a great lesson that a woman can succeed only by following her father's words.
10,Confusing! It's a movie that gives you confidence that women can do anything.The chemistry between a father and a daughter who believe. I lost track of time The movie gave me confidence that women can do anything.The chemistry between father and daughter who believe. I lost track of time
10,As expected, it's good even if you watch it again! I believe in Amir Khan coming out. What about me? Because she's a girl Physical fitness test should be different from men? 까It's not like there's no man or woman, and it's not like India, where a woman has to marry and be a thorn at a young age, it's just like this country where you're talking about sexism for more comfort and money. == That's the real Girl Scan Do animation
10,What's the reason why such a good movie couldn't be a hit in Korea?The rating is high, too.
10,I really want to recommend one of my favorite movies.Dreams come true
10,It's a movie that'll be sad if you don't know it
10,It's really fun I understand why parents' teachings are important
10,
10,It's a movie that makes you cry, laugh, and move all the time. It's a movie that doesn't make you bored even if you watch it for close to 3 hours
10,I was not interested in wrestling at all, but after watching this movie, I finally realized that wrestling is such an interesting sport.
10,Crumbling... Crumbling... Crumbling... Three Idiots was the best movie of my life.Danggal
10,This is a movie... It's a story that makes me cry even without Shinpa. I was really touched. Amir Khan's film is written...
9,Women's voices against Indian male chauvinism strangely touch the reality of today. The narrative is a little long, but... I really like Amir Khan's acting from time to time and the child roles of his two daughters ^^
10,Why am I crying?
10,Why did I watch such a good movie now?
10,It's refreshing and touching! It's fun, touching, timeliness, and Indian music is so good!
10,There's nothing to watch these days. I was changing channels and my dad just turned it on. Awesome! Watch movies! I hope you enjoyed it. We're lucky! When I watch a movie like this, I don't go past it. When I watch a movie on TV, I usually watch it while doing my work. I put off my work and got immersed in it. I was talking about Danggal yesterday and came to review it. It's not a waste
10,I lost track of time with my 10-year-old son
10,ㅠㅠ I didn't know that I would be so focused and supporting other countries (India) while watching sports-related movies. The actors' acting, story, and visual beauty are all good!
8,the Indian national team If I were Indian, I'd bawl when the national anthem was played
10,The father's affection and dreams for his children and his passion to break gender inequality through sports are touching
10,Applause for my cousin's sacrifice that even my brother can't keep up with.
10,
10,Unpolluted feminist movies, non-cringe family movies, exhilarating and wonderful action movies. A movie that makes me want to see my dad.
10,At first, I wasn't interested in the development, so I thought I'd turn it off. I found myself crying in the ending credits. The directing was really good, and above all, it was great that the actors acted like real wrestlers to the point of mistaking whether it was a movie or a game. A refreshing scene from the last round! It was thrilling. By the way, the director really It's a shame that I didn't see this movie when it was released. If I wrestle at the Tokyo Olympics this year, I think I will have a lot of fun watching it It's an Indian movie called Bollywood, followed by the best movie ever!
10,It was really touching and it was a scene between father and daughter that gave hope and dream.The success achieved by the honesty of the father, sincerity of the daughters, and respect for the father was really well captured in one film.You shed tears and runny nose ㅜㅜ
10,A movie that will be a dream not only for Indian society but also for all women in the world who are still discriminated against. I could keenly feel that such a father, such a child, was changing the world. Let's fight the reality. If it doesn't work, you can make it work.
10,A dynamic and thrilling movie!
10,
10,It was my first Indian movie and it was the best choice! I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. Touching true story.
10,It's just a perfect movie. I really like this kind of movie
10,Amir Khan's movies are always the best
10,
10,I didn't know Indian movies were this high
10,I enjoyed it more than Korean sports movies I think it's a real wrestler. There's action, too I felt the warm love of my family love I strongly recommend it
10,At the end, I was scolded to hold back my tears
1,Curry type PC touching
10,Best movie without words.
10,Wow, I saw it on Netflix. It's a masterpiece
10,Life family movie. Make sure you watch it
10,I think Indian movies are really good at storytelling It's been a long time since I saw a movie with a subtle, touching, thrilling feeling
10,It's fun as if I've seen a good movie
10,Fun and touching best movie!
10,I'm getting goosebumps that's real story
10,
10,Danggal~ Danggal~ LOL I didn't know that the game of wrestling was so exciting. It was fun. ^^ Danggal~Danggal! ^^
10,
10,The father and daughter's coffin was impressive. The father who trusted and led his daughters when everyone booed, and the daughters who trusted their father and achieved impossible things are so cool.
2,I think it's an eight-point movie.It's good. It's worth watching
10,All she achieved was a victory for every girl
10,Dad, you look like Joo Jin-mo (Singing "Bang-Bang-Bang-Bang-Bang-Bang")My hands are sweating like I'm watching an Olympic game. I strongly recommend it!
10,Even though it was a two-hour and forty-minute movie, time went by quickly.It could be an obvious story, but it was fun and well directed
10,Will my father be able to take center stage in me in the prejudice and ridicule of the times?He wanted to compromise. He wanted to give up.Why is the music of the movie so good ^^ It made me watch the movie interestingly without knowing that I didn't know it was a long movie
10,I can't forget my father's line, "I want to give you life and future." It's the best movie ever ♥?
10,I watched the final with my hands together and crying.
9,The running time was long but not boringCrumbling~ It keeps moving around
10,A movie that I want to give 10 points to
10,I didn't know I'd stand up listening to the Indian state ㅠ0!
10,The attack of folding the knee takes the place of India's unique dance and song, drawing an arch and touching the opponent's back. But it's not awkward, it's truly cool and new.
10,Good, good, good, good, good, good, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, good, good
10,
10,Let's play a game. Fight, win, fight, wrestler!
10,
10,I wasn't bored the whole time
10,2 hours 40 minutes The movie is not boring at all. Tears welled up
10,A good movie without missing anything. Amir Khan is awesome.
10,
10,I recommend exciting music and tears.
10,Wow... I watched it without thinking, but it's amazing
10,(Playing word chain game)
10,Three idiots watch this, Secret Superstar watch, and go watch Indian movies Amir Khan is so attractive
10,It's such a great piece of work. I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
10,
10,This is the best movie of my life. I've never been so thrilled and moved while watching a movie. I was surprised again by the fact that it was the real story at the end. It's the best movie of my life
10,Flustered! They're all the best!
10,
10,I want to watch the movie Danggal.
10,I like Indian movies. It seems simple but touching. I enjoyed it^^~
10,
10,A woman can wrestle === A man may not go to the army
10,It's the best movie evercrying
10,It's a great movie Please watch it
10,Perfection itself is awesome
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch it
10,The feeling of discovering a new world alone, a dense story, a song that excites itself, and Amir Khan's heavy acting are all great.
10,I knew Bollywood was great, but I am horrified that India also directed women's rights issues pleasantly but touching. The fact that it's a true story is really cool.
10,I watched it with my parents yesterday and I was so immersed in it. My family was fascinated by the movie and watched it with tears and laughter. Why did I watch this movie now?I've seen most sports movies so far, but Danggal is the best sports movie! There are countless lessons learned from this movie. Fatherhood, women's rights, breaking stereotypes and prejudices, correct coaching, how to set goals, patience and perseverance, game strategy, dream achievement, overcoming trials, how to act in life, overcoming fear, overcoming the impossible, etc.As a physical education teacher, I am so grateful and happy to know this kind of movie. I should recommend it to students, too!
10,When I was playing, my heart was beating and my heart was shaking like watching a Korean player'sIt's a touching movie
10,
10,It was kind of cliché-like, but since it's non-fiction, I can fully understand and relate.It's a family movie with a simple line that leaves a lingering impression and makes you think, and it's perfect for all ages to watch
10,
10,
10,a small effort to create a gender-independent world
10,It's a touching story. I'
10,It's really worth seeing. When you want to go to India, it's great for the atmosphere, and it's great for a feminist movie
10,Indian movie after Three Idiots. It's the second time.I love it!
10,
10,
9,Amir Khan is really an Indian treasure. It's ringing in my ears
10,I want to give more than 10 pointsI hope you watch a movie that doesn't need explanation
9,Compared to the poor performance of Korean sports movies, it is an Indian Gukppong movie that seems to be watching a game with a real player, but I watched it with nervousness.
10,A movie that broke the prejudice against women wrestling in India. It's a really fun and cool movie.
10,It's the best movie ever I'm lucky to see a movie like thisI lost track of time
9,It's a bit disappointing because it's based on a true story (because it's a true story
10,I watched it twice and it's still fun and touching
10,I didn't know the time went by and watched it.It's so much fun!
10,India's best movie you can trust and watch
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time. I should've seen you in the theater! Danggal danggal song is addictive
1,Yes, it's not an Olympic gold medal. It's a medal abandonment
10,I remembered a bitter video of Son Joo-eun, who asked if she would only go to marriage if she lived like this when her friend married after her friend's wedding said that your father was a good father.
10,I should have seen this kind of movie in the theater. I can't help but be immersed in it. This is what movies are like!
10,I'm 100% focused on watching this. This movie is the best
10,Women dressing comfortably in India.That women's clothes are uncomfortable.Nevertheless, starting with continuing to make women's clothes small and short, reminding women of 'exercise' and body.
10,Despite the long running time of over two and a half hours, there are no boring scenes There was no time to change the channel
10,It's been a while since I watched a meaningful movie
10,The movie itself is fun. In the wrestling match scene, the actors acted well like real players, so I felt the tension I felt when I watched a real international game.I think it's psychotic to watch this movie and find femi-like elements of women's human rights. Let's just watch the movie like a movie.
10,I was choked up when I was on the phone with my father and cried really hard when I heard about the Indian country.
10,It's the best humanistic movie with a sense of family love. I highly recommend it.
10,Why did I just see you?
10,I really enjoyed it!!! There was no time to be bored from start to finish. Directing, acting, story, music, all 100 points ㅠㅠㅠ It's been a while since I watched a good movie ^^
9,
10,a father who presented his daughters with life
10,I don't know how many times I've seen them
10,
10,Shaking, shaking! Shaking! Whenever the guitar made it, I clapped as if I did it
10,Child actors are so cute and funny
10,A fun and enjoyable movie. Surprisingly, the stadium is full of excitement. It's just fun
10,Anyone who wants to be a professional will wake up at 5 a.m. if they watch this movie.
10,I downloaded the movie from Naver for free. I was lazy to watch it, so I tried to erase it quickly because of the computer capacity, but I couldn't erase it after watching it.
10,It was touching! I strongly recommend it as a family movie
10,It's crazy. I was totally prejudiced about Indian movies, but I didn't miss anything. Why did I watch this now? I couldn't miss a scene even though I had a long running time
10,It's crazy. I cried a lot
10,
10,I won't forget the spirit of danggal!
10,
10,I happened to find myself watching a solid content and immersive like watching a real game.It was so neat until the end of the story, and it was good that the discriminatory gaze did not drag out. I think it is the best Indian movie.I recommend you to watch it at least once!
10,After watching it, I get confused all day long. ^^
10,Give me the coach. Why isn't the beating coming out?
10,a film in which a woman achieves wrestling success
10,
10,
10,The actors expressed the players' great concentration well, so I was immersed well. The story itself is touching. It's the movie of my life movie. Make sure to watch it.
10,It is my first time to be touched while watching a movie.It's a really light movie, but it ends with a huge wave... the best movie of my life. I'm so sad that I couldn't see it at the movie theater. I really want to go watch it when it's re-released
10,(Singing "Danggaard")(Singing "Danggaard")This song is stuck in my head. Anyway, I cried twice because of my sensitivity.And I'm surprised that it's a true story
10,I'm sorry I didn't see you at the movie theater. It's such a relief that I can see you even if it's lateI can't get out of Amir Khan's acting and charm because I saw three idiots and even danggal. It's a movie that gives you so much from laughter, emotion, paternal love, and will to life.
10,Amir Khan doesn't disappoint either.
10,It's... it's really fun. For those who haven't seen it, please watch it if you have a chance. All I can say is that it's really fun.
10,I kept wondering if my father was right
10,It was a good movie for my family to watch together
10,I'm very emotional and dynamic
10,I understand why you watch sports games after watching this movie. The emotions were stacked up, so I was more immersed and moved when I watched the gameㅜㅜ In the beginning, I felt a little uncomfortable because I thought it might be my father's selfishness, but when I heard the reality of ordinary Indian women, I thought about what was better.I think the stadium's direction is good, too. It was good because it was tensely fast and the explanation of the game was not difficult for the audience to know the exact situation of the game.
8,It is a well-made Indian film with lessons and impressions. However, it was a bit disappointing that the story seemed to be getting more mixed up as it went back.
10,To show women's rights,
7,It's an obvious story. It's so touching. It's worth watching. DanggalSweet and sour
10,
10,It's a shame that such a good movie didn't make it the best movie of my life
10,
10,Your victory is not just yours, it's a resistance to Indian culture that women are inferior, and it's a victory for the human rights of girls in India
10,
10,It's a common sports story, but it's more touching because it's India with low women's rights. Amir Khan's acting is also superb.
10,I want to give you 50 stars Good job
10,It was a 1,000-point movie that could change the level of viewing that giggled at the cartoon characters who came out and pretended to be heroes.
10,
10,I can't believe there wasn't a boring moment in 2 hours and 40 minutes. I thought I saw the wrong movie because I thought it was more than 2 hours The film deals with many subjects such as Indian society, women's rights, and paternal love, not just with the existing movement It's a movie that I want to recommend to people who are passing by
10,Rumbling~ Rumbling~ I keep humming. I love Bollywood because of the song. Rumbling~
10,
9,India dreams of a change in the country in the mud, but I wonder what the reality is
8,Well made. Someone commented that it's not about paternalism but about women's rights, but it's not true at all. Very little is said about women's rights. It's a movie about paternal love.
10,A movie that I want to show to kids
10,The process of going to the destination is a beautiful piece of work, a combination of family love, a masterpiece beyond Bollywood
9,an unexpected feminist film The way he dealt with paternal love was good, and the ending that was not far from the beginning of the movie was also interesting. It's a movie that's fun even if you watch it without thinking
10,It's the best. It has good lessons, and it wasn't boring throughout the movie
10,I cried a few times while watching it alone at dawnㅜㅜ Well-made movie that is fun and touching ㅜㅜ Three hours was not a waste
7,become Ali
10,Based on a true story...Acting skills, directing, OST, touching...Even the lining time is 2 hours and 40 minutes. Time flies...A proud father and daughter.
10,
10,The houses with dads and daughters. Please watch it together.
10,A movie full of emotion and fun. It's a shame that the movie is coming to an end in the latter half. I'm so lucky to see this movie.
6,The story itself follows a typical family sports film format, with the Indian setting and the non-traditional setting of women's wrestling making the film well worth watching.
10,Ladies, please wake up!
10,To be honest, I don't usually leave things like this because I'm lazy, but this is really fun. You have to watch it truth
9,India's most popular movie is "Danggal"...Let me know the reason why we connected in China.It's a true story that's fun and touching! My name is Khan, and Danggal!
10,
10,Movies that you want to watch
10,I just saw it on the cable, and it's so touching Hah!
10,Touching and crying
10,
10,Great directing, story, and acting
7,There were many scenes where facts were distorted in fact-directed films such as the conflict between father and coach, and the confinement of father in the final, but the wrestling scene that maintained tension and the passion of guitar that gave hope to Indian people were wonderful.
7,The director who was interfering until the end. If I had added some endings...
10,
10,
10,It was so dreary that she didn't share her daughter's son and just looked at her as her own child
10,
10,If you watch the OST video again, your eyes get faucet
10,Crazy... even Socio like me had tears in his eyes.  I didn't expect much. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that helps change the perspective of women despite its long running time
10,I like it so much!
10,I watched it without any expectations or information, but I was moved and immersed. It's more than a wonderful work. Applause!
10,The best movie is not a bummer. I watched it with my mom because I was bored and she said it was a good choice Strong women are the best
10,
10,
10,"If you win a gold medal, you'll set a good example. Inspirational and forever remembered. You see them? If you win tomorrow, you don't win alone. Millions of them win together. Girls considered inferior to men. You have to do housework, get married, raise a child...Tomorrow's game is the most important thing. The reason is not just fighting Australian players, but also people who think women are inferior." This scene was impressive.Lastly... Flustered
9,A really good movie
10,There was no time to be bored because it was not a predictable development. It's a movie that's full of passion for wrestling. It's a real sports movie!
10,Danggal! Danggal! Rhinos use only strength, but tigers use both strength and skill!
10,Ambitious girls are the best
8,A movie worth watching, if not three idiots
10,The best movie I've ever seen. I trusted the actors who appeared in Three Idiots and it was really good. It's just the right sports movie, not too heroically exaggerated. Watching the growth of guitar, I was able to gain the courage to pioneer my life. A movie that you want to watch when you're frustrated
10,The lines are brilliant and cool.Women should talk about cooking, and I wish my shirt would rip while wrestling.These ground lines seemed to be a test of reality, so it was pathetic, but it was good because it was realistic.
10,
10,I didn't like sports movies and hesitated because it was a long movie, but I was nervous and moved all the time when I watched the movie ^^ It was a great movie. I recommend 100 movies, not 5 stars
8,It's worth seeing. Gold medal!
10,I didn't expect much. I'm so touched. I think it's going to be the best movie
10,I thought it'd be boring -- it's not boring at allTears naturally
10,
10,It's so touching
10,The guitar didn't win the game, it won the fight against prejudice against women
10,The thought of the coach makes me angry. A fun movie that makes your hands sweat. It's even more amazing because it's a true story.
10,
10,
10,The movie is great and fun! It's a really good movie.
10,It was a very realistic story, so I sympathized a lot.
10,Good job, Gata! I'm proud of you! The actor who became the father of three idiots is so cool. It's a movie that's worth 2 hours!
10,The greatest masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,The quality of the game scene is the best. I thought you were watching a video of a real police officer
10,It was so much fun and it had a definite meaning, so I focused more on it. The songs and lyrics were also fun. It wasn't just a guitar match, so we clenched our fists together and I want to keep fighting like a guitar.
9,
10,
10,It's like I watched my favorite movie in a long time ago It's really fun and touching!
8,A moving movie is enough
8,It's a royal development and it's almost three hours long, but it's still fun. Maybe it's because you're unfamiliar with wrestling and it's stimulating.
10,A movie that I want to show my daughter when she is born
10,Watching the best movie for free ㅜㅜ.
10,the best movie
8,I didn't understand from the start why you forced a child who didn't want to do it because of his dream. Except for this, really, good, good
10,Despite the long running time, there was no boredom throughout the whole time, and there were a lot of emotional moments. I didn't like sports-related movies because they were unique and obvious, but they broke the mold. It makes me realize the lessons and impressions of the movie.
10,a film of a woman and her father
10,
10,
10,I watched a free movie, but I feel so sorry to watch it for free. It's a movie that I should have paid for. It's a touching movie that's really good for children and for the whole family. (FYI, it's nothing.)
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,The first time a young guitar played with a man, tears suddenly came out. I'm afraid I'll have to overcome it. I'm afraid I'll have to hesitate. The last game also brought tears to my eyes. I realized that I'm the only one who can overcome fear and come to fruition. Wrestling seemed like life. It is a good movie, so I will watch it again when I need courage.
10,The immersion level... Oh! When I played the guitar, I sweated like a real player
7,It's a really fun and touching true story movie
10,
10,Crumbling~ Crumbling~ Film director who shows his father's true love. Go away
10,I'm so touched!!!
10,The movie is both a true story of a woman's growth and family love. This movie was really impressive. Who knew that girls that no one expected would shine the world like that? A three-hour movie that I thought would be boring at first changed my life. How much did I live in defiance of my life. Having been busy undermining myself for being a woman, for being weak, for being incompetent than others, I am now trying to take a new path.
9,
10,The movie is really fun It's not boring. It's the best!
10,The guitar barbitta is so cool! I did it in the end up doing it!
10,It's the best. I can't watch long movies because I'm impatient. I watched it for 2 hours and 40 minutes
10,
8,The movie itself is interesting, except for feminism and patriarchy. In the dynamic wrestling scene, the actors' performances shine. I lost track of time talking about 161 minutes of dense talk.
10,I watched two Indian movies. I enjoyed them all.It's like making a movie that's really like a movie.It was so touching and fun
10,
10,I watched it because it was on Netflix, and it made me unable to leave even during long running time. Tears falling ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that is so interesting that long running time doesn't matter at all! I watched it with my family because it was so much fun. They said it was a great movie and enjoyed it. I really recommend this movie!
9,The power of Bollywood! Now I can understand the world. The OST that comes out as babies is so exciting and good
5,It may be touching, but I don't know if it's fun. Just clichés, sweet actors' honest acting is worth watching.
10,Can I watch sports movies that I usually don't watch because the running time is long before I watch the movie? I was worried for no reason. There was no time to be bored because the immersion level was excellent and the music that fit the scene came out in the middle. When I wrestled, I held my hands and prayed. I didn't know, but I'm more surprised that it's a true story
10,
10,It was amazing that such a women's rights film came out in India. I was happy to share the overwhelming joy that I couldn't say.
10,I didn't expect to be so focused on the wrestling scene. We filmed the stadium really well!
10,The father of the two athletes, the willingness and the thinking beyond the universals, was really greatIt's been a long time since I saw a good movie!
10,Actor Amir Khan... I didn't know he was the one of the three idiots because he came out as a manly man, thinking he was still young. The movie itself satirizes Indian society and is based on a true story, so I was immersed in it and enjoyed it was fun to watch. At the end, tears welled up. I'm looking forward to Indian movies, and the point is that OEST is stuck in my head. Frustration. Frustration
10,My favorite movie is Danggal
10,It's 100 out of 100.It was a movie that I wouldn't get tired of watching again.I highly recommend it to everyone!
10,Indian movies are much more interesting than Chinese movies these days, which have no justification or conclusion
10,Fatherhood, true story, and so touching long running time are not boring sports movies.  Make sure to watch it with your family. I strongly recommend it.
10,I'm so sorry
10,It's just... perfect!
10,Great work of life ㅜㅜ
10,It's a masterpiece that broke the prejudice of a Bollywood movieThe fun of seeing Indian culture is added
10,It wasn't a crying scene, but I was crying
10,
10,It's been a while since I watched a really good movie. When I won a medal, I clapped without realizing it. I didn't know I'd enjoy wrestling like this It was such a touching movie.
10,
9,Amir Khan is an actor you can trust and watch
9,Indian movies you can trust and watch
10,Didn't you see the danggal, the three idiots? Why did you do that? Look...
10,
10,A great movie that changed my ranking!!!
10,As expected, Amir Khan! Ugh! ㅠㅠ
10,Awesome! A new discovery about Indian movies! ♡♡
10,It's the best ㅠㅠ a really good movie
10,I start humming just by listening to the song, so I'll get 10 points and start
8,What if the parents' wishes and the daughter's dreams didn't match? It's just one-sided violence, and it's been uncomfortable all along, even though the violent head of the family somehow seems to be a good father in accordance with their daughters' dreams. The process of the heroine believing in her father's wrestling was quite interesting. But I still lose two points because of my uncomfortable patriarchal dad
10,The only t-shirt in the movie is that the guitar ears are not wrestling ears.
10,The most memorable movie...
10,The long run is not boring at all I strongly recommend it
8,The main character who wanted to win a gold medal in wrestling, but he didn't win a gold medal and got married and improvedSo I tried to get my son to win the gold medal as a wrestler, but my wife meets her daughterBut one day he finds out that his daughters fought and assaulted a boy and his father is happy to see him ^^;It's fun
10,The story of women's rights, paternal love.  Even though it was a long running time, I lost track of time and watched it
10,It's so funny
10,
9,It's fun. If you have a lot of things to feel and hesitate, please watch it It's fun. DinDin, good
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I was really interested in wrestling after watching this movie. It's a good movie to watch five more times even if you watched it twice.
10,The running time is almost three hours, and I'm so into Indian culture and wrestling that time flies. I kept crying and my heart was full. The OST is so good, and I reflect on myself for having the prejudice that Indian movies are childish and vain.
10,I don't like Indian movies, but this movie is definitely well made Timely background music Clear message Moderate tension and well-made story Great acting Well-made movie
10,If you don't need to say anything, clap at the end
10,That's so cool. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
9,I was not interested in sports, but I learned the rules of wrestling. A full-fledged wrestling tutoring film that doesn't tire of long running times
9,Second Indian film after three idiots. It's easy to see because what you're trying to say is clear. I didn't know wrestling at all, but I think I will enjoy the game after watching the movie.  Your daughters are really good at acting
10,
10,Look at me. I was really crying
10,It's not just a movie, it's a movie that shows the nature of effort. I personally realized that this is a movie.ㅠㅠ I really recommend it.
10,
10,
1,Wow.
10,I watched it without any information, and I found out if it was a long movie of 2 hours and 40 minutes after I watched it all and searched for reviews. I watched it with a 9-year-old on a weekend night, and I wondered what I had done. 3:37 am at the end of the movie. I watched it all without sleeping. The acting and story were unfamiliar, but the fresh Indian style directing technique was all good. Recommendations!
10,I saw an Indian movie for the first time and it was amazing.Stories, videos, and acting skills, especially wrestling scenes, are never in Hollywood action scenes
10,
10,Indian wrestling. Time flies!
9,The best work I've ever seen in India!
10,Oh, my God. Was Indian movie this bad? I don't think there's anything missing from the story and production composition! The fact that we have a feminist personality is also a movie with feminism content!!!It was so nice to see the natural development, not forced production. It also guaranteed fun at the same time. I think it's a movie that has both the realization and the emotional feeling that makes me tear up. Even though the game was long, it was so thrilling that I lost track of time as if I were watching a real game. I really recommend it!
10,An amazing Indian movie...It's not obvious, it's confident and it's beautiful
10,
10,This movie is really fun and touchingIt's a masterpiece. The comic and moving parts make you laugh out loudI wasn't just letting you go of the movies that weren't funny
10,Everyone's good at acting, so I'm immersed in it'
10,I'm crying. Trust Rancho
10,EBS did it for me, so I watched it with confidence, and it was so much fun that I didn't even know it was nearly 3 hours. Every time my dad came out, I was so emotional. I was so touched.
10,
10,From beginning to end, the story was interesting and not boring. On top of that, I'm touched.   A great movie to watch with children.
9,It's a story that's so predictable.It's impossible in Hollywood.A movie that can only make 'Balliwood'!
10,
10,It was touching. Father's love, daughter's passion.I wanted to punch the director
10,A great deal of effort turns good luck around.
10,Oh, you're good. That's why you call it Bollywood
10,I watched "Danggal" on EBS Sunday Cinema, and I think it's a perfect movie to the point where I don't want to waste 10 points. When my father was in the prop room and the Indian state came out, I cried. I've never seen a movie this deep
10,Touching. It's fun. I recommend it's fun
10,It's so nice to see you do your best
8,EBS does it for us. India is definitely dancing and singing! I'm starting to look at it with "Wow! Is this for real? The movie that I watched until the end while sitting as and the Indian women's rights were well melted into the story.
10,It's my first Indian movie and it's so much fun in the world
10,
10,10 points is a shame. It's the masterpiece of the century
10,This is a movie...I cried with...That's cool.
10,As expected, women's human rights are higher than ours.We need to develop women's rights like the story in that movie.
7,Proud Daughters Overcome Discrimination Against Women
10,Amir Khan a great actor. I thought you were a real retired wrestler.A line to the local wrestling preparation committee chairman(?) "You have to fight fear first. At least my daughter has overcome her fear."
10,It's amazing that this dramatic story actually happened. I think I was able to achieve my dream because my father saw my daughter as a human being, not just a woman. I was very touched while watching the movie.
10,The main characters are so cool
10,A movie that made me laugh, cry, and join hands to pray. It's not an obvious hero movie.Her father's joy, anger, sorrow, and India are movies that show the life and values of the country.The running time was short to capture her life.
10,I saw it as a review on YouTube and thought it would be fun. Two hours and forty minutes are soon. It's very fun, touching, and I'm going to add it to my list of life movies.
10,It's the best. I lost track of time and watched it! It's a moving and instructive movie
10,I don't cry a lot, but I kept crying while watching this
10,I should've seen this in the theater, but I got off so fast that I finally saw it. 161 minutes of running time, my hands were sweating, and there was no time to be bored at allWhen the guitar wins, I find myself clappingIt may have been more realistic because it was based on a true storyIt's an unfamiliar Indian movie, but the lyrics of the songs in the movie are also artI'm curious about the incompetent and bad director's behind stories...Amir Khan, who believes in good and evil. You can trust and watch!Especially in the scene of my father when I was young, I was surprised because his face and body were so different from the presentYou look so young
10,
10,
10,Listed as the top 10 best movies of my life
10,I heard you know your GPA well, but I came here because I happened to see you today. It's a true story that touches my heart, so it lingers longer. I recommend this movie!
10,A movie that made me cry... Awesome!!!
10,Good, good, good, good, good, good, good
9,I saw it as a movie with high ratings, but it's a touching movie based on a true story
10,I'm watching the game and I'm really nervous ㅠㅠ
10,You have to shut up and watch Amir Khan!
10,Touching... The OST is great!
10,It's my first movie to log in and get a rating.I'm going to show my whole family today I really lost track of time I think it would be good for a family movie! I can already see what my father likes 올해의 Movie of the Year
10,Three Idiots, Slumdog Millionaire, Dangal is my life movie.
10,It was a movie about a female sportsman, so I watched it meaningfully.
10,It was so much fun.Very good recommendation
10,This kind of movie always guarantees above average
9,A warm movie. I enjoyed it.
10,I didn't know that 2 minutes of sports are so touching.
7,The downside of a true story. Even if you don't look for the ending, it's going to go where you expect it. The last bowl of Indian soup. Stacked with clichés too common to be dotted with clichés. Nevertheless, he was quite immersed
10,Thank you for watching during the running time Even though it was a long time, the speed was quite appropriate and I was able to immerse myself in it without being loose
10,It was fun. Indian style movie. You'll know if you say it^^
10,Oh my!!! Three idiots came to review and went off on this road. This is so much fun. A storm in shorts and a t-shirt is approaching. A storm in shorts and a t-shirt is approaching~~
10,Looking at the guitar, I reflected on my attitude towards my father
10,It's so funny Make sure to watch it
10,I enjoyed it. After watching Exit, I wanted to learn climbing, but after watching Danggal, I wanted to learn wrestling
10,Seriously, all Indian movies were my life movies.
10,It's my first time. Why did I finally see this ㅜㅜ it's the best ㅠㅠㅠ
8,A true Indian hero story. Good
10,I highly recommend movies that need no more words. Dad's meditations. For those who have daughters, especially those who have daughters
10,It's so touching and instructive
10,The movie is just fun. Aside from the symbolism, the movie itself has a perfect storyline, so I strongly recommend you to feel bored throughout the long running time
10,a masterpiece with a laugh and a touch that breaks the prejudice of Indian cinema I even cried watching the last winning scene.I'm going to look for Bollywood movies
6,You can watch it when you have time. It's not enough to take the time to watch.
6,I respect the true story of Indian women's oppression culture in some way, but I don't know if it's such a highly acclaimed movie except for the true story
10,I can't get used to singing if it's fun
10,It's so fun and the music is so exciting I've been listening to it on YouTube
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year. It's an Indian movie, so I watched it with a minus, but I think I killed all the dirt unique to Indian movies and made it properly. Above all, I didn't know such a movie would come out in India
6,The meaning is good, but it's boring Boring.
10,What a touching true story! I recommend you to watch it
10,It's a well-made movie. I can trust and watch the Indian movie Amir Khan
10,A movie that's more interesting because it's a true story.The lyrics of a song that comes out when children are trained are fun.^^ Melody is excited too~
10,This is a masterpiece.
10,The story of a great father who respects his daughter not as a woman but as a human being and raises her as a hero in India. Like Helen Keller had Sullivan!
10,86 Asian Games, 88 Olympics! The heyday of the Korean economy!
10,It was a perfect piece of work
10,Frustration. Frustration
10,Remsang's life movie gives me goosebumps.
8,The Army Corps of Amir Khan has created another touching sports drama. The story of a female wrestler released in India last year.It's a work inspired by a true story, so the feeling is conveyed more. Indian movies are usually 2 to 3 hours long, but they were not boring at all. Depending on the characteristics of the audience,
10,India's best crap is the best movie of my life
10,I enjoyed it because I was immersed in it
10,I watched a movie that really didn't need words later, but it was so much fun!
10,I saw it on TV and it was fun
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
10,I cried without realizing it
10,Two hours and 40 minutes passed by in a flash, especially the wrestling scene, where the hands sweat like a real match, and the storytelling is both perfect
10,I don't usually leave comments, but I hope you watch it
10,In a country without women's rights, a wonderful father and his daughters who made miracles in this atmosphere that was taken for granted. It's very exciting and fun.
10,How did you film the wrestling scene? Shim Kwon-ho is going to fall in shock.
10,It's like a masterpiece, Leon. This is one of the masterpieces
10,I saw the developmental rationalism that the song was also funny lyrics and that there was no such thing as an open thought. Gang, better than a political movie!
4,a child's gift that is exquisitely matched by his father's absent-minded passion.Isn't it just that a crazy man left his dreams to his children that luckily?If they weren't talented, they'd have to live with shame and hurt
1,Nanjing Keelunghu Industrial Co., Ltd. to Huang Tafei
10,Luxury goods of different quality from extreme jobs
10,Best Film Beyond Three Idiots
10,It's really, really the best!
10,That's the best. I purposely found Danggal and gave him a rating
10,This movie goes without saying. I didn't expect India to film this kind of movie. The best movie of 2019
10,I didn't know wrestling was such a thrilling sport.I thought it was a comic, but I was moved, and the drama and the lesson...Also, it was a movie with bright music that is unique to Indian movies.I can relate to the fact that the league is ruining sports in every country, and I've gained a Commonwealth knowledge!
10,Story, acting, directing, techniques, ost, comedy, touching, message_and true story background_a movie full from beginning to end. I watched the final and semi-final scenes without breathing as if I were watching our country's games in the actual Olympics!
10,It's a very touching movie Hah!
10,Your father is amazing.
1,People who give high ratings to psychotic films that self-deprecate and destroy differences...
10,More than a movie.It reminded me of my fatherThank you to the director and the cast for giving me a time of laughter and emotion.I almost ignored it because it's an Indian movie. You should watch it
10,I strongly recommend it until the very end
10,Guitar and Barbita, I want to give everyone a higher score than this maximum of 10 points!
8,It's not comparable to a Korean movie called Wrestler.
10,The main character I saw in Three Idiots came out, so I thought I should watch it sometime. It's really fun. I like Three Idiots the best in Indian moviesOhhhhhaha
10,I enjoyed watching it so that it wasn't boring
10,It's been a while since I watched a moving movie It was a movie that I couldn't take my eyes off Thank you so much
9,Regardless of nationality, I think this kind of movie is 100 times too much and 10 times better than domestic movies. I thought I was watching a real game.
10,I really like Indian movies.It's so much fun. How did you make it like this?
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
10,I felt it when I saw Danggal. Now, the quality of Korean movies that come out as if they were shooting in a factory is not as good as Indian movies.I hope Korean movies learn how to make a movie based on a true story.
10,What's more surprising than the movie is that it's 100% pure real life like Mickey Ward's life story fighter...It's literally true story.The slow motion in the backdrop at the end was so funny that I couldn't stand it.Wrestling Olympic gold medalist Guitar Fogat Babbitta Fogat sisters and their father
7,a sporty movie to watch
10,Your dreams made your children heroes  Parents should dream big, too
10,It's so touching^^
10,The guitar barbittas are so cute...Hahaha
10,There was no boring section even in the long running time of 160 minutes.
10,It's been a while since I watched a masterpiece movie
10,Showing that this is the role of a good parent
10,I saw it on the cable, so I was surprised. From the beginning to the end of spring, there's no time to get bored. It's even more surprising because it's a true story. Tears flow at the end
10,Best masterpiece! 1 million touching moments ㅜㅜ
10,To be honest, I didn't expect much. I didn't think much and watched another movie in the middle But I kept watching it and later on, I started to cry without realizing it
10,Khan's performance and thrilling game scenes that made India impossible to ignore
10,The running time is this long, but there's no boring part.
10,Best movie that feels 2 hours and 40 minutes short
10,I know why you call it Bollywood The production, composition, and visuals were all good
10,It's touching. It was a little boring in the beginning, but I was moved throughout the movie from the middle.Make sure you watch it
10,I'm sorry I didn't watch it in the theater. It's really the best to find me who keeps finding my life movie in Indian movies.
10,I think it's more touching because it's a funny and touching movie
8,As expected, it is a work made by Disney.The two child actors in the beginning were cute.But it's like a sports movie in the latter half of the series.
9,It's my first time seeing an Indian movie without a musical scene, but apart from that, it's a fun movie
10,Raised the standard of Indian films.
10,I'm getting older
10,The father who helped me grow into a human being, not a daughter
10,I'm glad I watched it with my dadIt was so touching
10,I don't need words. It's a family movie. It's perfect for children's education
10,A real story about the protagonists who challenge prejudice, conflict, and grow up to become hugely successful, and the father who made it possible. It's a masterpiece with strong meaning and resonance.
10,It's more interesting because it's a true story.It was fun
10,The second time I see the children, I still cry.
10,It's a well-made movie. I almost cried from time to time to time
10,I want to give 100 points, not 10 points
10,Wow... I saw it today, but I would have regretted it if I didn't. I believe actors are athletes I really enjoyed the good movie
10,The long running time was not boring. Timeliness is a bonus to touching and fun!
1,I was really sleepy. I don't know why I'm watching...
10,It's a movie that I want to show to those who claim to be a feminist
10,I don't like watching movies, but I enjoyed watching it for 3 hours Strongly recommended. Not a waste of money
1,But still, this has a higher rating than Titanic? Let's lower the rating.
10,Korean national team...It's much better than handball
10,A sports movie that must be seen by sports people in Joseon who are abandoned by the Japanese Empire and live in an underdeveloped country. It is a masterpiece in which the mind of Joseon's underdeveloped country, which should have lived as a subordinate country of Japan, is desperately expressed.
9,I can't believe you can make such a great story even if you include the old-fashioned soup, women's rights, and unpopular sports
10,I watched it at school. It was so touching and funDanggal, I love you!
10,It is an honor to see such a movie. Bollywood is the best.
10,I usually don't cry after watching movies, but if I kept crying while watching movies, I'm really touched ㅠㅠ Are you good at acting like a father in a must-see movie?
10,I laughed, cried, felt nervous, cheered, and enjoyed watching. The best movie ever
10,It was a very enlightening and unique Indian movie based on a true story. I think it would be nice to watch it with the children.
10,I lost track of time. Actors are good at acting and making Indian movies
10,The best movie. I watched it again the next day and watched it twice. The "everyday" effort, which can never be obtained for free or by luck, and the "will" that others push even if they are crazy, the second one is really difficult.
10,It's 5.5 trillion points out of 10. Make sure you watch it
10,Originally, classic movies called perfect are masterpieces, and I've seen them a lot, so I think it's possible to predict perfect development
10,Why did I watch it now? The one to watch in the movie theater. It's the best sports movie of my life. 2 hours and 40 minutes felt short I feel like a lot of time is being worked out... all the wise sayings of one's
10,Family love, growth, sports, breaking away from prejudice... a masterpiece beyond the film
10,Amir Khan's movies touch more than anyone can imagine every time. I respect you with all my heart. Thank you so much for the awe-inspiring movie and acting
8,The birth of the Indian version of 'Rocky
1,How a predictable range of production works cheaply
10,The story is good, the song is good, and the actor is good
1,try redfighgf
9,The main character is so pretty.  The eyes are fantastic. The movie is worth watching, too. The story is good, and there's humor. The plot is a bit tacky with Indian soup.
10,Touching... Story...Message... Family love... It's really nice
10,A true story movie that deserves 10 points
10,It's a really good movie. ㅠㅠ I haven't seen a good movie in a long time.
10,Wow, this is a crazy movie. I thought you were a wrestler.What do you mean, a true story?
10,Best Picture, Respectful Film
10,One of the most important Indian movies to watch
10,Wow... It's really fun and I don't know much about spoilers, but I watched it while my heart was beating
10,You're so cool. Ddang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-gal
10,That's cool. The hero of the country and the girls. It's really cool.
10,Indian movie... I treated it like trash.Sports movies...I treated him like trash."Danggal" changed all my thoughts.
10,This is a real feminist movie
10,A movie that elaborates the greatness of father and child and love that exists in the family within the boundaries of wrestling, and that shows the outstanding performance of the actors
10,Any bureau on Chang Han Road has an objective account.
1,I think the rating is ridiculous, so I leave a rating.
10,It is more than 2 hours movie but feel less than 1 hour
9,It's really the best.ㅠㅠ This is the best movie of my life
9,A really well-made movie based on a true story.
10,I cry. All women will cry after watching this movie. I can't help but cry whenever the main girls do something.
10,Make sure to watch it. I lost track of time. It's my life movie, so please watch it!!!^^♡♡♡♡
10,I didn't expect much but I really enjoyed it. Tears while watching ㅠㅠ
10,It was a movie that was really touching and taught a lot of lessons. I liked the visuals and music, too^^
10,It was not boring at all for a really long time and I really enjoyed it. Hella funny 
8,I can't believe that women's wrestling was this fun. I'm rooting for the Olympic wrestling. I'm always rooting for Indian movies
7,Strangely, I get emotional watching the first game of guitar rather than other scenes. He was so brave and confident that he was cool.ㅠㅠ India is a country with low passport, but I hope these people get together and get better in the future. I hope not only India but also women around the world, including our country, will be strong!
10,It's the best... It's the best...It's the best... It's the best.It's the best... It's the best.
10,Family hero story...
10,I really enjoyed watching it.At the end, it says it's a true story. I was surprised.Abu is great, but his daughters are great.Father and daughter are all the best, coach, stayers.
10,I highly recommend it as a family movie.
6,It seemed a little different in the beginning, but it was too obvious after the mid to late period, and it's never a movie with a perfect score of 10. It's kind of funny that you have to say the spell backwards to have a son.
8,The first half, the process of girls starting wrestling, is satisfactory, but the obvious story development in the second half is a little disappointing.
10,A real family movie that makes you realize the importance of family.
10,At first, I didn't understand the dictatorship of the father, but seeing the reality of India about women's rights, I think it was inevitable for her daughterAnyway, it's dang- dang- dang- dang-galCrumbling
6,At the same time as wanting to shout for women's human rights, the emotion would be doubled if the conflict with the national team coach actually occurred, but if it was made up for the tension of the play, the emotion would be halved because it was a deterrent to make the main character stand out.
10,A thrilling wrestling scene!
10,It's so touching. It's my favorite movie that's movie
10,I hope more people will watch this kind of movie.I was touched and comforted by the movie. I could feel the love of my father
10,I want to learn from them. Real heroes
10,It's so much fun. I cried a lot while watching it
10,How time really flies during the movie tour with the ranking of netizens' ratings to watch before you die. OST music, techniques, actors' acting, realistic wrestling, and touching and tears... It's a movie that's going to be awesome and give a big hand in praise.Make sure to watch it. You have no regrets!
8,Danggal, danggal. A well-made sports movie. "Proud"!
10,a meaningful film He's cooler and more respectful than any other hero
10,Rita and Babita. It became an unforgettable movie. I want to be this kind of father to my children.
10,I cried while watching it with my mom
10,It's the best movie ever. Amir Khan is the best
10,I met a good movie after a long time.
9,I saw it because the reviews were good, as expected, good.
10,It's the best. Make sure you watch it My life's rare work
10,There has never been such a danggal before
9,It's a simple and calm movie
10,Really JoJoOo on jam ㅠㅠ It's 2 hours and 40 minutes long and I'm not bored until the end ㅠㅠㅠㅠ The exciting song of Indian movies was so good and the lesson of fun was three beats and perfect ㅠㅠ I didn't know, but I was more moved because I knew it was a true story at the end ㅠㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it. Jinja
10,A film about wrestling matches and the fight for women's rights in India
10,It's a true champion to go their own way when people around you laugh and mock
10,I didn't expect much, but I wonder what would have happened if I didn't최고It was the best
10,The best movie ever!Flustered~~♬
10,It's a bummer that only 100,000 people can watch this movie is 10 million movie. I enjoyed watching it in a lot.
10,It's a great movie. It's amazing
10,It was more than 2 hours, but it was fun and not boring
10,The guitar player and father's family are really cool. I was really impressed.
10,It is such a great movie that I am sorry to say that it is interesting.
10,It's so much fun
8,If you like this kind of movie, I recommend a movie with Amir Khan. Amir Khan, trust me.
10,It's more touching because it's a true story of Amir Khan
10,That's so funny. Wow. This is how Indian movies are
10,It's a really good movieI want to show this movie to my daughter
1,Hilarious people lol If you think you're not a first-class movie, you're going to attack the rating and cut it down unconditionally, Koreans;
1,Striker Persuades All Parties to Equal Opportunities for China Guofeng
10,A beautiful movie that you don't want to miss every scene!
10,Awesome! ★ I watched most of the movies, so I didn't have a movie to watch, but I watched a good movieIt's an Indian movie that's so touching and fun!
10,I didn't know that I would be touched like this in the life of an Indian female wrestler and her father. It's even more touching because it's a true story. But the story of a young guitar and a babita is so cute. It's both pleasant and touching
10,The guitar is so pretty. It's pretty
10,Amir Khan is the best! Following the three idiots, Amir Khan movies always inspire me how to live.  With three idiots, I hope this movie is passed on to your children.
10,Amir Khan, who is trusted and watched, is back with a new subject, but has become a life movie again.
10,The best movie. It's so touching
10,This is what girl scan is all about.
9,The actors' makeup, directing, and well-contained Indian culture over time harmonize well to make the movie perfect.
10,Indian Sports = Korea Sports Federation has never seen a trash wrestling match. It was so cool and amazing. Thank you for making the movieㅠㅠ A masterpiece
10,Do whatever you want to do
7,a well-organized Indian film
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie.It's touching.
10,Perfect movie. Best movie of my life. I'd like to thank the producers for making this movie.
10,I want to give him more stars than 10!
10,The resolution of my life has been made.
10,I'm glad I saw it It was a long time of 2 hours and 40 minutes, but it was not boring at all, and as Bae said, it was the story of a real Indian hero.
10,I'm crying. Thank you very much
10,Touching and fun of Indian movie ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's been a long time since I've seen democracy
10,It's really fun If you watch it, you'll feel the same way
10,It was better than any other movie. Crumbling
10,A true story like a movie. The influence of father Han on his children
10,Good to see. I laughed for an hour, concentrated for an hour, 30 minutes
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,(Singing "Dang-
10,I wanted to download it after the 3rd round, but I waited for a long time because it wasn't there I finally got it from NAVERㅜㅜ
10,I've seen the movie twice.
10,I've seen the movie twice.
10,Wow, these new movies need to be successful
10,The movie I watched before watching this is even more comparable because it's a Korean movie called "Wrestler."
10,I don't need words.Fun and touching
10,I wanted to watch it at the movie theater, but there was no theater, so I couldn't watch it.My parents are great and my daughters are great and cool. Warm, touching, beautiful, great movie.
10,I just watched this movie and fell in love with the guitar and babita like crazy...
10,jam unique to Indian movies
10,It's been a while since I've been nervous and cried a lot throughout the movie.  It's the first time I've ever wanted the movie to not end yet, despite its long running time.  I really want to recommend this movie to everyone around me.
4,I can't believe it
10,Best... Maybe it's an obvious story, but it's so touching ㅠㅠ
1,How can this be 9.46??
10,I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm... My tears trickle forward. I didn't even know it was a long running time and watched it. I can't believe I can produce sports games in such a powerful way. Indian culture also seems to have mixed well, so it was fun to watch. Of course, the song is the best.
10,I watched it on Netflix and wondered after a long time, it was a 2 hour and 40 minute movie I lost track of time and I was so immersed in it
10,At first, I felt sorry for the Indian women, but at the end, when my father asked me to win a gold medal because I had to give hope to millions of girls, I was impressed by my father, who is awake in India
10,I can't forget the touching and fun.
7,Only with a Commonwealth gold medal? Three idiots, too. Indian movie Naver rating is too much
10,It's really fun. It's the best movie
10,It's a true story, but it's Amir Khan's trick
10,3 hours passed so fast. It's the best movie ever
10,It's a really good, fun, and touching movie!Indian movies are the best! Make sure to watch it! It's so much fun!It's the movie of my life movie! I want to keep seeing youㅠㅠ I strongly recommend it! A moving movie that makes you cry ㅠㅠ!
9,These days, India is developing its economy and the rating is good, but it was better than I thought It is an impressive movie that made me have an international mind and hug power in line with the current trend that there was such an impressive Indian movie about the champion being made through adversity and effort
10,A movie that will greatly change the perception of Indian movies
10,It's just good, no matter what
10,It's better than a decent American blockbuster movieIt's a pretty long movie, but it's not boring at all
10,I really lost track of time and watched it. Best Indian Film
10,As soon as I saw it all, I watched it again from the beginning. It is the first movie since Sunflower that makes you watch it twice in a row. It's been a few days and I still can't get over it. It would have been better if my eldest daughter had a medal around her father's neck when she won a medal.
10,The running time doesn't feel long.
10,I really enjoyed watching it!In the game scene, my trapezius muscles are stiff because I put too much strength into my body
9,I could learn a little about the culture of India. And father and daughters were good at acting.
10,The power of the true story. Two hours and 40 minutes were not boring at all. The father's passion combined with the efforts of his two daughters contributed greatly to Indian women's wrestling. These days, the times have changed and they are pioneering their lives as their children want, but this seems to be the case in sports.
10,Make sure to watch the best movie!
10,I remember what my dad said to the guitar before the final at the end of the movie. It is a good move.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It was good. It could happen.
10,It's the best movie that makes you know what father's love is.
10,A good movie! I recommend it! Please watch it
10,I hope it'll be shown for a long time.
10,It's so much fun, it's teary, it's like watching a real game, and the songs that come out in between go well with the movie. I hope you all watch Danggal
10,Sport is a human victory!  It's a pity that you can't enjoy all the results of your efforts.
8,After watching this movie, you will be searching for real people.
10,Feminism but also fun
10,It's the world's biggest racketeerNot more than Queen
10,Life movie. I can't find a more interesting and moving movie.If you're weaker than a man, you can eat chicken!
10,Not just Indian girls, but messages to girls all over the world
10,It was really fun and touching, and I felt like I traveled to India. I focused on it even though it was three hours, and I was amazed again by the sophistication of the visual beauty. a trick
10,Best ㅜㅜ After a real masterpiece ㅜㅜ
10,It's the best. Play it every holiday
10,It's the best. It's so touching
10,A film that shows the truth that a woman's life shines with challenges and adversity
8,160 people who know how to consume feminism!
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Watch the movie and learn, fish roe soup
10,If it's a movie about women's rights in India, I agree.If you're in Korea, you can't shake your head.
9,The story of a wonderful father and daughter! But Amir Khan doesn't get old. Please keep showing us great movies
10,여자라면 뭐든지 할 수 있어!!
10,I was thinking about whether to watch it or not, but I'm glad I did
10,It's more touching because it's a true story. a true hero story
10,I trusted Tom Cruise Amir Khan from India and he was so funny.
8,Amir Khan's typical sports theme film composition
10,It's really the best.It's very touching and the message is deep, but it's also fun. Even though the running time is long, time goes by quickly and it's fun. I cried while watching itcrying
10,Guitar to beg your father's forgiveness. The scene in which the father, who was actually on the phone, just cried the guitar, and the father who heard his daughter's crying forgot all his anger and worried about his daughter is the best in the movie. I'm so glad I won the last part without my father.
1,ㅅI'm sorry.
10,Best Indian movie since three idiots.I'm a huge fan of Amir Khan You're such a good actor My daughter's guitar and barbitta (?). I really recommend it I laughed, cried, got angry, cried,
10,Thank you, dad. Youngho made me realize that the power to believe in myself is confidence
10,It's almost 3 hours long, but time flew by because it was so touching and fun It's so much fun!
10,I cried ㅠㅠ I'm touched
9,Very solid movie The process of going to the end may seem a little boring, but overall, it is very interesting and touching movie
10,It's a movie with everything, touching, fun, and story
10,It's not funny because it's so obvious. Tears came out
10,That's so cool ㅜㅜ I can't believe I'm so focused on the wrestling match
9,At first, I thought I saw my father's role somewhere, and as expected, three idiots, Armi Khan, it's so touching. It's even better because it's based on a true story. Everyone acts well
1,No.1 or a part-time job?
9,You made it well. It's warm and it's better than us.
9,My father seems to be trying to make his dreams come true, as if he's trying to take off the Indian female corset. Other than that, I really enjoyed watching it. The game is really spectacular and realistic. The last scene of the game is really creepy cool and beautiful.
8,Although there are differences in the culture of Dang-gal-dang, I feel paternal love
1,It's time to adjust the rating.
10,It was a good movie It wasn't boring, it was fun
10,It's a movie I want to watch again
10,Amarkan, you're amazing
9,The overall production was good because it was similar to director Clint Eastwood. From the beginning to the end, he showed all the skills he could show in the drama genre. It is a musical unique to India that makes the ears happy. " I'm sorry, Dad. "This word is more impressive than any movie quote.
10,It's an amazing movie that'
1,It's fun, but it's definitely not a movie that will win first place.
10,I realized that this movie is 3 hours long while running to the bathroom. Don't drink too much coke crying
6,You're already starting to get interested in wrestling. I feel sorry for the real coach who will be blamed for this true story-based film
10,A movie that will make a man cry...
10,The content was good, but the wrestling match was really exciting and fun.
10,The running time was long, but it wasn't long
10,I enjoyed watching it. I recommended it to people around me.Is there still a way to see it?
10,Childish and predictable, so the best Indian movie ever more entertaining
10,It's been a while since I thought about it. I enjoyed watching it. ㅜㅜ I hope VOD comes out, too
10,Not a fictional hero, but a true Indian hero story. It's a long run-time movie, but it's not boring and fun
10,On behalf of women oppressed by gender discrimination in India, Guitar proudly won a gold medal on the international stage of wrestling, showing that women can do itI was deeply moved by my father's discipline, love, and family love, and overcoming both discrimination and prejudice
10,It's a perfect movie! Indian Film Awesome
10,The commercial fun is great and the way women grow and deal with conflict is outstanding.
8,A very good entertainment film, apart from the excessive late fiction for the fun of the film. Although the running time was long, the immersion was very high and the Indian songs were surprisingly good. Amir Khan's fighting spirit and acting is quite impressive
10,Very good interesting
10,A movie that overcame discrimination against women! The world seemed to turn upside down when the guitar won.
10,Best.. I enjoyed watching Indian movie after 3 idiots. I want to give 1,000 points instead of 10
1,I personally don't like it
10,I don't usually leave a rating, but it was really good.
10,I enjoyed it. It's so much fun
10,The best ten masterpieces of my life
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
10,I think it's the best movie I've seen this year, or the best movie I've ever seen
10,It was fun. It was okay
10,My family watched it in tears. a good movie
10,You're the best. Wow, you're the best
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I don't think it's going to be in first place, so please adjust the rating
10,I enjoyed watching it If you like Indian movies, it's worth watching
10,A gem-like piece came out of Bollywood The story music screen composition is all sophisticated.
9,It was a long running time, but I enjoyed watching it. Overall, it's a character. I liked all the directing music. It was a bit boring because it went to the last minute obvious.
10,Indian master Khan even made a movie because of his low female rights even though he is a man, but women's rights are as good as those who attack horoscopes
10,The Indian movie is amazing. It's so heart-warming
7,Indian-style Gukppong movie, "Elite Sports Country," will work well in Korea
10,The movie that made me bawl is the best
1,Obvious... bored to death
10,Kylie Irving's cousin looks good on you
10,Anilkhan, an actor you can trust and watch.
7,It's not this high...
9,The three idiots looked very good too. It was more fun than that. Especially the game scene... I expected the ending, but it was real and I was nervous and enjoyed it
10,I have seen many Olympic gold medals in Korea, but the guitar gold medal is also touching.
10,10 out of 10!
10,Let's rebel against the convention of the world and show that you are right. Anyone who points fingers at you for being wrong will say that the moment you make it, you have no choice but to succeed.
10,Trust and watch Amir Khan ㅠㅠ Danggalgal
9,I think Amir Khan movie is good because dance time is not too loud for Indian movie. It was better because it was a true story, and I don't think Abi's method is 100% correct, but I admit that it was a great discipline in the end. I think it's trash to achieve your dream through a second-generation.
10,As expected, you never let me down. I think you are the second most interesting Indian movie ever. But the main character is very old ㅜㅜ
1,It's not honest to give a high rating
10,I was Indian for two hours and forty minutes.
1,This is number one?
10,Only those who haven't seen this movie can play it. You can't open it if you see it.
1,You have to get 1 point for Indian movies. If you don't sing, I'll give you 10 points.
10,Wow, this movie is amazing. If you haven't watched it, make sure to watch it It was so touching and fun. It's really worth watching
10,It's really great!!!
10,I really enjoyed it It's touching
9,I like Indian movies. The characteristic of Indian movies is that the classic story of life based on true stories is not boring Another Indian film that learns new perspectives and perspectives
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,Like a real game, the actors act well and feel good. Like an Indian movie, music plays in the middle, but there is no resistance at all and it is touching. A movie to recommend.
10,I don't need words. Life movie!Flustered
10,You didn't watch this movie? Your soul is missing a soup Korean, idiot!!!
10,I love the sense of immersion Recommendation
7,It's a little disappointing to put dramatic fun into the movie, but it's okay because it's fun
10,It's two hours long, but I don't know I'm tired
1,It doesn't feel overrated I have it.
10,Amir Khan movie that you can trust and watch
10,I just saw him crying I hope everyone in the world can see it ㅠㅠT
1,NAVER's movie rating is No. 1... Danggal...? I don't think so. Let's adjust ㅠㅠ 조절
10,I saw this and did a hair style
1,It's not a bad movie, but it's overrated. Give 1 point to adjust the rating.
10,It was the best movie evercrying
10,If it was fun, then dang-gal!Sweet and sour
10,The second half is a bit childish, but the game scene is as exciting as watching the Korean Olympics. 161 minutes. I lost track of time.
10,You're perfect as a wrestler I thought I was playing a game
10,Are you watching Naver? NAVER! Please download it I miss you so much that I can't see you because I'm not here.
10,If I hadn't seen it until the end, I would have thought it was fiction. A true hero story of India.
10,A movie that captures both emotion and fun. You can trust and watch Amir Khan.
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. Crusty, crunchy. Growth movies always bring youth to the mind.
10,I thought I was watching a real game. I love them all
1,The Indian film has the highest rating among all films in the world, giving the site one point for questioning its credibility.
10,I enjoyed watching it.
10,Danggal danggal~ I listen to the song humming, the humor code is sometimes mixed, the tension of wrestling, the emotion of women and families, and the meaning of women's human rights. It really implies a lot in two and a half hours. It's the best!
10,It seems to be a touching moment.
1,That's so funny
1,Adjusting the GPA because the caterpillars suck too much.
10,Crazy, crazy. Tears just by looking at the preview
10,It seems like a danggal sport movie, but it's for Indian women's rights
10,A very well-made movie. Impressed and humorous.leave a lingering impression
9,Miracle where I sit still for nearly 3 hours and never feel like I'm wasting my time
10,This movie is crazy. It's really crazy.
10,It's been a while since I focused on a masterpiece
10,It was fun and pleasant, but the message was good, too!
1,Then, after that, he's the other one. for this reason
1,Ming-meng-gil-ni, who controls the score
10,It's really fun, a movie with Bollywood colors. If you don't like Indian movies' unique dances and songs, close the window and get out. Don't be so uncomfortable
10,Kita Kumari, I'm rooting for you. You're so cool
10,Just watch it ㅠㅠ I strongly recommend it It's so touching and it's a very touching movie that breaks the prejudices of many people and continues to overcome them!! I really recommend it
10,No need for words.
10,Indian movies are amazing and well-made
10,It was really touching.
10,I cried my eyes out the whole time.ㅠㅠ It's really touching and there are many lessons. Make sure to watch it.
10,It's so much fun. My heart was choked up, choked up, and thrilled the whole time I watched it. As expected, Amir Khan!
1,If it's not a movie that's worth more than 9 points, or if it's a good movie to be in the early 8s...
10,I couldn't sleep all night and watched the movie. It was so much fun that I had no time to relax.
10,There are a lot of hard-working votes for the movie. I can't believe the material itself is amazing and it's real. I think it's right to put this much effort into it.
8,Indian movies don't disappoint you
9,It was about women's human rights, but I think it was a little insufficient.
2,For balance... It's fun, but I don't think it's a movie that gets this much rating. Three idiots are much better
10,Splash, splash, splash! Let's go
10,It's really fun. "Spring with my fist clenched until I sweat."
10,I thought Indian movies would be boring because they were long, but I broke that notion. It's really worth seeing.
9,Touching Life Story of Father and Daughter Reversing the Prejudice of the World
8,Bollywood, which is evolving, has made a leap forward based on an existing hero this time.
6,It's a real hero story
10,Amir Khan... I want you to film me please
10,I didn't expect much but I was so touched by this movie! The actors' acting was cool, too!
10,Personal Indian film best three idiots Bahuvalli and Danggal
8,Daddy's trying to kill us!
8,It's a familiar development except for the location and material, but it's well-made
10,My life is the best movie ever. I don't think I'll ever see a movie like this again. I strongly recommend it.
8,It's like a boy cartoon, but I was so happy that the main character was a girl
10,It's a good movie, but the heat is gone
10,The most touching sports movie I've ever seen
10,It was a really good movie
10,Glow Rockfish ㅠㅠ Masterpiece!
10,A movie that reminds me of my father
10,I watched the movie without much expectation, but I laughed and cried. Recommend.
9,In a way, it's obvious, but I think it's a story that's obvious and touching every time. It seems that the national team is similar to the Korean movie.
10,A movie where I could sympathize and learn a lot as a woman, although the flow at the end was a little boring and cliche.
10,Addictive echoes, danggal, danggal
10,There's a bit of a high rating...I'll still give you 10 points
10,Why isn't the vod coming out? I want to see it again
2,Moderate rating. The rating doesn't make sense right now
10,Thank you very much. It's my first time crying while watching a movie
10,Even though the movie is almost 3 hours long, the song is so exciting and the content is so good that I enjoyed it. My father is so cool. I hope this movie helped Indian women become equal in human rights.
9,It's been 2 hours and 41 minutes, but it's so fun and touching that you can't feel it
1,It's worth watching, but the ratings are ridiculous lol
8,Even though I don't like sports movies, I was able to enjoy them
10,ㅠㅠ It's a very grateful movie, smiling and crying
10,I enjoyed watching a movie that was like a movie after a long time ago. Patience, effort, victory, perseverance, hope, joy, love, emotion, humility, lesson, reproach. It's my life movie
10,I recommend it!
10,It's the best movie I've seen in years
9,It's a good movie
1,18372728182 This Indian movie has a high rating, so it takes out bubbles
10,I had a lot of fun with my third-in the 3rd grade If you don't like Indian movies, you can watch them without difficulty. The song is exciting and addictiveThe story is neat and touching The catch is that there aren't many theaters ㅠㅠ
7,It's a moving Bollywood.
10,No! The movie that I watched while feeling nervous as if it was a real game is living It's my first time. That's amazing. The actor who played the guitar and the real person!  I'm surprised the movie made me feel this way. I'm finally seeing this masterpiece, which was released in 2016
7,Even if you get annoyed in the middle, you can come out happily at the end
6,Wrestling looks so much fun
10,But as he grew up, he became more handsome
7,It's a moderate Indian movie.
10,Oh, it's fun It was so much fun that I almost cried
10,If it's a real stadium...
10,I'm a man, but I saw them as a former wrestler, and I thought they took real players and taught them to act
10,So much fun. As expected, movies based on true stories are fun. It's a different level from Korean movies.
10,Not a fictional hero, but a true Indian hero story. It's a long run-time movie, but it's not boring and fun!
10,I think it's a movie that has both fun and touching moments
1,This is for rating balance. This is higher than the Shawshank Escape Terminator?
10,I don't have any expectations, but at some point, I start to focus I think it's the best sports movie I've ever seen Regardless of the country, father is always great
10,It's touching and fun!
10,Bouncy! Guitar Vivita I love you ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
9,It is a movie that left a good memory about Indian movies.
9,I won't regret it. You keep telling me to write 9 letters. I'm done with what I'm done
6,Mo! Honestly, there are a lot of movies like this muchI had more fun watching the national team of our countryIt's a bit sophisticated
10,I came to see the reservation details and didn't write my rating, so I was really tired. I really enjoyed watching it. I wasn't sleepy at all. I really enjoyed watching it
8,It wasn't bad, but maybe it's because it's India. You beat a boy of your age, no matter what his daughter's will, and you didn't even ask the doctor, and you cut your hair for resistance. I think the level of human rights is crazy
10,It's obvious, but it's a real hero story. India's cry for the promotion of women's rights.
10,It's really a masterpiece! It's not a big deal. Seriously!
10,What the two sisters are doing right now seems to be retired and somehow coaching
10,It was the best movie ever. a long but short film
10,I didn't know it was real. It was really fun.ㅜㅜ I didn't expect much because it was about wrestling, but the Amir Khan acting and the content were great!
10,Three hours just disappeared. You're so immersed.
5,Indian film that can only be done in India.
9,The first movie that made me realize that there was a Commonwealth Games, the scene of singing in between was a little boring, but it was really fun. The 1 hour part of girlhood is all about the departure video trip, but the 1 hour and 20 minutes of adult time is fun
10,This is why I love Indian movies.
10,It was a fun and moving movie that I want to watch it again
10,Wow, I watched it without much expectation, but it's so much fun
10,It was the best movie
1,There are a lot of part-timers
1,Personally, 6 points. But for balance, 1
10,It was more fun than I expected!
10,The maximum amount of fun and emotion that can be given as a sports movie...a full-fledged film
10,A movie that won't be forgotten even after 10 years
10,Movie runtime is long but fun
6,The running time is unnecessarily long.Conflict in the movie... It looks childish.
10,A movie that I want to cherish.  I can't stop singing
10,It was really interesting. I caught both fun and touching rabbits.
10,Nice movie. Make sure to watch it·Masterpiece of moving masterpiece
10,I think Good Good Indian movies are fun
5,There is a strong Hollywood style that takes out a lot of the unique taste of Indian movies. What's unfortunate is that it's too long. I feel like I'm meeting a chatty friend who talks more when I think it's time to wrap up.
10,It's the best movie ever~~ I came to understand India
9,I really enjoyed it. A Hero Story of India!
10,I saw the jam. The guitar is so pretty
10,Best movie, best acting, best directing and screenplay
10,I still feel reassured when I walk while listening to Danggal OST
10,The best masterpiece of my life
9,I was so into it. It was a long running time, but I focused on it
9,I'm against the cliche sports movie storyline and father's parenting style, but I'd like to give it a score of 10 considering the environmental factors of India
10,It's really fun
10,If you don't give me this cool, touching movie, what movie? Lessons and fun, and the basis of a true story.
10,A cool, prejudiced movie
10,The second movie of my life after Three Idiots!
10,The message "I can do it" always touches the heartstrings.
10,I want to see it, but there are few theatersㅠ
10,A movie that I really want everyone to watch
10,I couldn't go out of the theater because of the tears that didn't stop even afterwards  I will trust Amir Khan and watch it It's the best movie and I think I found the best movie of my life
10,I think it's the best movie of the year. I was so into it that I didn't miss a second
2,I was wondering why the ratings were so high, and I was able to manage to watch it because the last Femis worked on it, but I wasn't able to mix it with other nine-point movies
10,If I don't give this movie 10 points, there's no movie in my life that would give me 10 points.
10,I really enjoyed it. I always watched fictional hero movies, but it was really touching to see the story of Indian hero.  It's been a while since I saw a movie that I really liked.
10,It's fun! I want to watch it again I hope you can get it on N-Store later 오래 I want to see you for a long time.
1,I'm sick and tired of Indian movies I'm sick of it
10,I've lived in India for 14 years, but I don't know why I saw this now
10,A movie that I want to recite 10 points
10,A spell that comes to mind like a danggal RZL
10,Great fathers and daughters.There is no forced emotion and it is pure, but if you follow the emotional line naturally, the running time of two and a half hours passes in an instant.It's like a well-made trick. I don't have a kid yet, but why am I so empathized with my father?I got emotional
10,I thought it was boring at first, but it wasn't at all right
10,Movies that you want to watch, music that you want to listen to
10,a delightful and powerful film
10,Amir Khan. He's amazing. It's a little bit of fiction, but... I was even more surprised because it was a true story. Pleasant, nervous, angry, moved...
10,Very good movie. Touching.
9,I really like it. I came running because I wanted to work out on the way out
1,I hope there's no misunderstanding. I really enjoyed watching it. But the rating is too high.I'll give you 1 point because I think you'll get 7 or 8 points, but personally, I really enjoyed watching it.The part-timers are working hard.
10,I cried a lot when I heard that I had to win for women in India.
10,I think it's one of the best movies in my life with analog sensibilities that I want to recommend confidently to everyone
9,The music is really good. Shaking, shaking
10,You're the best! Your acting is the best! I'm touched! Amir Khan, an actor you can trust and watch! Make sure to watch it
10,I didn't know wrestling was so delicate and cool, but I was moved by the amazing women's wrestling. Amir Khan's movie is perfect and the answer is fun and touching
10,It's so funny that I can't help but cryThe wrestling match is tense
10,It's the best. It was perfect from beginning to end
10,It wasn't just a drama to make people cry, it was a movie enough to feel sincerity.I'd like to give Amir Khan an extra point.
8,The rating is so ridiculously high that I am writing for the first time in my life. Is this better than Shawshank Escape? The movie ended from the beginning and ended no different from the prediction. What's with the heads that give 10 points? Three idiots are twice as good.
8,I never thought I'd be drunk on Inppong ㅠㅠ I'm drunk on Inppong.
9,It's fun. Make sure to watch it
10,I recommend it because it has persistence, passion, and moderate mood swings.
10,The sisters are so pretty. Laughing and crying
10,The wrestling scene is real and full of tension. The women's issue is also being dealt with, but the song and the video were also good The story is a little dreary - but thanks to the seasoning of Indian culture, I felt that Indian movies are still developing
10,India makes this kind of movie ㅜㅜ
10,I'm Amir Khan, who you can trust and watch.  PK and Three Idiots, please watch it's a must. If you like Amir Khan's human touch, watch it like stars on the ground.
10,It's so much fun, I don't care about running time, and the song just lingers so much ㅜㅜ I keep banging on my way to work
10,Amir Khan did it again
8,An interesting movie based on the times.
7,Just a well-made wrestling movie.
10,After watching the movie, I learned how the movie can give me strength. While there was a movie that only remembered the simple feeling and storyline after watching, "Danggal" was a precious movie that changed my life and thoughts.
10,It's not a perfect movie. But it's a good movie.
1,Hello! The rating is the highest. This is the fairy who guesses the rating. ^^
1,I'm sorry, but I don't think you need to give me such a high rating. That's why I'm lowering it.
10,That's cool. It's been a little over two hours, but I lost track of time
10,I hope the best DVD comes out soon
10,Out of all the movies I've seen over the years, "The best!""I want to go see it one more time.A movie based on a true story
10,I didn't have much expectation because of the wrestler, but the ending was more than I expected, except that it was a bit bland. The actors acted well and the directing and the theme song was great
10,Wrestling Indian movies are the best movies I've seen this year because I didn't have any interest in themIf you have a chance, I recommend you to watch it!
10,As expected, you can trust and watch Amir Khan! It was so much fun
10,If it's fun, Indian movie is the best
10,It was the most interesting movie I have seen recently Crumbling
10,Crumbling, crunching, running time is long, but there are few loose scenes
10,I want to recommend this movie to people around me
8,It was a movie where three hours went by without getting bored As expected, only those who don't give up until the end survive
10,The Power of True Facts on Women's Human Rights
8,It can't be evaluated recklessly, but it was true that the start was regrettable.
9,Despite the long running time, it's so much fun
10,I can't stop singing Crumbling
10,The problem is that there's no time to get bored when you go with the rules of familiar sports movies! It's been a while since I watched a movie and laughed and cried.
10,What do you always watch Indian movies to do at first? But after watching it, wow. Is this an Indian movie? That's a great movie where that comes out. Dang, dang, dang, dang
10,You're the best. I held it in and cried at the end.
10,I'm rooting for you even though it's Indian kkkppong. A sports movie that you can relate to and fall in love with more than American Gukppong
10,Because of its unique characteristics, it is a great movie that will be satisfied even for those who hate Indian movies
10,How many times did you cry and laugh throughout the movie?It's been a long time since I felt the joy. I'm touched!
10,I really want to watch Indian movie because I like it, but it was not released in Pohang, so I managed to find it.As expected.. ㅠㅠ I realized that wrestling is a great sport that I was not interested in.A tear in the middle...It's full of tension and it's really fun.Please watch it
10,Now I can be a little flustered, too
10,I fell in love with it. It is fun and touching, but above all, I think it is the best movie if we think about the value that will contribute to the improvement of women's human rights in India.
10,It's so much fun!It's a movie that really taught women that they can do it!It's so much fun to laugh and cry
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It was fun. Make sure to watch it. So sweet
10,You can trust and watch Amir Khan movies!
9,It is also a movie that I would like to recommend to the Korean national team that is currently preparing for the World Cup. This is what sports spirit is like
9,I think I watched a movie that was fun and cool and gave me energy after a long time
10,I'll give you 10 points no matter what
9,It was a movie where I laughed and cried with someone I didn't know and ended up talking to
10,an obvious story but not an obvious background
10,It was as fun as I expected. There's a reason why the ratings are good.
10,Wow, I'm starting to like Indian movies for the first time since three idiotsLOL
10,I watched the movie at 9 p.m. yesterday. Even though the running time was long, I lost track of time. The composition of the video and the acting of the main characters were all good. But it's a shame that there aren't many theaters.
10,Wow, I'm really falling for it. Indian films have cast aside prejudice from three idiots
10,The best movie I've seen this year!
6,India national team...Bored after the middle. Singing is addictive.
10,A movie that makes me think a lot
10,It's touching and there's no time to get bored I must have lost track of time. Make sure you watch it
10,Dad's commitment to making the world wider...
10,The best movie running time doesn't feel long.
10,If there was no time to be bored throughout the movie, bawl bawl bawl bawl bawl!
10,Good, good, oyster, goodUgh! Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
10,A really cool movie that got rid of the prejudice against Indian movies! Especially, it would be nice to see fathers who have daughters.It's not a waste of time and money, and it's fun and touching. It's been a while since I watched a good movie^^
9,I'm amazed by Amir Khan's serious acting
9,Let's wrestle! Confused~ ♪
10,The best movie of the year that truly touches and laughs!
10,There was no movie that touched my heart more than this. A great narrative against oppression and prejudice based on a true story. The development of events that are never boring and the theme of the movie delivered through them resonates with the audience.
8,If you want to understand your father's mind, which is obvious but not obvious, you won't know until you become a father, but I'm trying to understand you.
10,I've seen it twice with the kids. I never knew Leslie was such an interesting sport
10,It was the best. ㅜㅜ It was so much fun.
10,It's the best. It's a bummer, but it's my
10,Even though the running time was long, it wasn't boring and the directing was good. The OST is addictive
10,A masterpiece! Shouldn't you watch movies like this in your short life?
9,A movie that may be thought to follow a common story line, but is not common. I recommend it. When you come out together, you'll come out screaming
10,It's so funny. I lost track of time
10,Indian movies are always the best!
10,Two and a half hours are not boring at all
10,I keep thinking about the strategy for advancing to the finals.
10,It's definitely the best movie I've seen this year!
10,What would you have done if you didn't see this at the theater after putting off your whole life after putting off the movie?I didn't hurt anyone, but I loved it so much that I cried watching it. It was so good. I'm planning to watch it again when it airs until the weekend
10,A movie that makes your eyes, ears, and heart happy
10,I saw it today, but I miss you again
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's really the best
10,I hope more people can watch it
9,It's a pity you didn't see the movie theater where you followed Cliché and sent him a heavy message, and you gave him a standing ovation at the ending
10,A movie that everyone must watch once! Running time is long, but it doesn't feel long at all. I'm going to watch it a few more times
10,It wasn't boring. I was nervous and moved. It was so much fun Indian movie Danggal is the best
10,It was a very moving movie.  a true story of a great sportsman    It's a big hit after "Three Real Gans"
10,What a moving movie!
10,Indian movie with Amir Khan
10,If you really want to call for gender equality in a movie, make a movie like this, not get rid of a normal lightsaber
10,It was a movie that made me believe that people can overcome the limit. It's been a while since I saw such a touching movie I cried a lot and left a deep impression You're the best! Really!
10,I watched it while getting nervous I didn't know wrestling was this fun! It was amazing how Amir Khan changed from his youth to his oldI strongly recommend it!
10,I didn't expect much. It was touching a good movie
7,I think it's a good movie to watch with my familyI enjoyed it
10,I don't usually use ratings, but I want everyone to watch this movie. This is what a movie is like
10,The best movie ever!
10,I'm surprised it's based on a true story. It seems that a true story like a movie is melted by utilizing the characteristics of the medium of movie 120%.  I want to see it again.
10,I'm going to learn a lot of lessons and try my best. I knew what to do thanks to the movie "Danggal," which I happened to see at a lost time. It's the best movie I've ever seen. It could be your favorite movie. I hope you watch it. It's a shame that there are only 10 stars.
10,I hope the screening time of the theater will be extended. Go viral! The plot, the actor, the song, the movie are all 100 out of 100!
10,It's fun and touching. I was in lethargy, but I gained strength again after watching the movie.
10,The only movie that I can't get enough of even if I watch it two or three times
10,It's a great movie. I don't know how much I cried while watching it. My prejudice against Indian movies has disappeared. I am so sorry and ashamed that I ran away with my father recently. I love you, father
10,What makes a real hero and a father?
10,I enjoyed watching it very much, sympathizing with it without being bored even during a fairly long screening time. I want to watch it again, but it's hard to watch because the theaters are disappearing
10,It was as good as I expected. I took my friend who said no and watched it, and after the movie, we came out humming danggalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgalgal.
10,In 2016, sugar was made in India.20OOO how is Korea?
10,It's a movie I want to watch again and again.It was a time to meet a real hero in our lives, not a virtual hero!
10,Fun, cool, goosebumps, touching and all alone;
10,It's the best. Indian movie you can trust and watch
10,It's fun even though it's a long running time
10,If it was the funniest movie I've seen in a year or two, I'm still moved by the sad feeling that the movie will be covered by a movie that advertises brilliantly
10,A healing movie that I found after Three Idiots
10,It's fun. I recommend it!
10,It was the best movie I've seen in years!
10,Best movie I've ever seen
8,This movie was the original motif
10,The sound of "Danggal! Danggal!" lingered in my head all the way home. It's a movie that doesn't need words, so I won't say any more.
6,That's too much. If you look at the quality of the movie, I think it's a high score of six points. Those who watch the movie will be disappointed
10,20OOO Best First Half Touching Movie
10,I really want to recommend this movie!
8,Everything about sports movies that are funny and touching
10,I was looking forward to it, but it was so much fun. ^^
10,There's a typhoon wearing a T-shirt and shorts
8,"Our daughters will become great women and choose the man they want to marry."It is a movie that reverses the frame of thought in many ways. It contains the process of strengthening a human being into a life of self-choice, not a life of choice by overturning women, the weak, existing memories, and prejudices.
10,Dangdangdangdangdanggal! You can't be this good at directing.Watching the game, you'll be clapping without knowing when the guitar wins
10,Wow, it's really amazing that I enjoyed watching Indian movies like this after three idiots.
6,If it was a small story, the main character would be happy to see it
9,It was nice to see a woman's victory, a woman's victory
10,I was happy. I'm so glad to see you.
10,It's the best! It's really the best Avengers and other Avengers-like fun. It's actually more fun!
10,It's such a great movie! Actors are like wrestlers! I don't know how many times I cried and laughedI thought it would be great to see Indians in India together. It's a long running time, but I've never looked at the clock. Why are there so few theaters?jQuery224066711711
10,erqwerqwrwerr
10,They're really good at making Indian movies
8,Crumbling! It's a movie that makes you want to live a hard life and become a great woman.
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,It's really a shame that I watched this movie late. A movie that would be nice to rerun.
10,Calm and touching. Thank you. I made it well
10,I really enjoyed the first review
10,I really recommend a well-made movie~~^^
10,It was so much more fun than I expected, but I really enjoyed watching why I was crying
10,Fifteen zodiac signs go to class.
9,The content of the movie itself belongs to the ordinary axis. There are many things that this film deals with, not just about overcoming discrimination against women, but wisely overcoming the conflict between traditional and modern values. The thrilling wrestling scene is also a big attraction.
10,A sports movie that is not forced, funny, and full of excitement! Looking at the low human rights of women in India, I felt that our country is not much different. There are a lot of similarities, so I can relate a lot
10,Don't need more words!
10,Make sure you watch it at the movie theater. Cheer up with a lively musical atmosphere!
10,The music, which is one of the characteristics of Indian movie, was very good and I didn't think it was boring while watching the movie, but I was surprised after 2 hours and 40 minutes. It was that interesting movie. I feel like I've seen a good movie.
10,A movie that makes you clap automatically! I feel sorry for my life that I don'
10,I can understand my daughters' feelings in adolescence, and I can understand my dad's feelings as I become an adult
10,Two hours and 40 minutes of incredible breathing control. The last hour shows almost nothing but wrestling matches, but it's so good to show everything as if it's being broadcasted.  The reason why I really liked this movie is that it is not an obvious female protagonist and the obvious devices of sports movies.
10,This is a movie. This is a movie
10,Crumbling! It's the best. Deep inside, tears...^^ You gave me the best feeling and the best lesson^^
10,It's a movie that I couldn't take my eyes off for 3 hours and I hope everyone watches it
6,It's Disney-like, but I'm sad about the script.
10,There's no need for words!@@@~~~~
10,You have to watch this. It's really fun A true hero's story without any pretense
10,It's so much fun. It was a shame that it ended even though it was a long movie.
10,The movie is full of fun, touching, and humor, so I could feel the culture and society of India
10,Surprised by the quality of Indian films. In the beginning, it was uncomfortable to see a culture that was so patriarchal and had to obey the children's parents' orders unconditionally, but soon it was a story to overcome this inconvenience. Touching is a given!
6,It's just like a movie to watch.
10,Aside from the grand meaning of women's advancement into society, it's a shame that there's no movie theater that shows fun, exciting and exciting all the time
9,As expected, Amir Khan, who you trust and watch, is awesome^^
10,It's a pity that there are not many best theaters and I want to see another life movie ㅜㅜ
10,I'm having so much fun. I don't like Indian movies, but I got emotional watching them
1,This is the rating for adjusting the rating
10,It's a joke. Let's just watch it. Gyeonggi Province is realistic.
7,The national team movie was originally an obvious touching drama, so I watched it without much expectation, but it was a trick that guaranteed fun as well as anticipated touching. In particular, not only the addictive theme song that you can sing along even if you don't know Indian, but also the various songs that explain the situation! are overwhelming
10,I wonder if a movie like this can come out in Korea, too
10,Exciting songs keep ringing in my ears. The best movie that captures both emotion and fun!
10,It's so much fun. Make sure you watch it Becoming a movie of my life
10,It's not a waste of time and money that I would have been disappointed if I didn't watch it!
10,It's the best! It's really the best!I was so angry when I cut my hair. There were funny scenes. I laughed and cried. I was so nervous that I watched itLOL
10,My hero was here. The best hero movie of my life.
10,I thought my father's tenacity to make a wrestler was everything, but it wasn't. There are so many stories, so the running time is quite long, but the three beats of directing, organizing, tying, and cutting fit perfectly. I was surprised that Bollywood movies are this far.
10,I cried and laughed... I lost track of time and enjoyed it. the best movie
10,It was touching. It was fun!
10,I shed tears of emotion for 3 hours and came out...That's 10 million movies
10,The guitar and babita in the child roles are so cute. Even the nieces and nephews ^^*
10,Put down the wrestler and put up the Danggal
10,Let's do some wrestlingIndia's unique singing and dancing also contributed to the excitement. Everyone is so good at acting. Most of all, it's a touching movie that tells predictable stories. I also recommend watching it with your family! Wrestling becomes fun after watching a movie is a bonus!
10,What are Lee Man-ki and Kang Ho-dong doing when India continues its tradition and has hero heroes? And our current traditional wrestlers... I really enjoyed Sultan Salman Khan's acting, but Amir Khan is so good to see his more realistic father. I'm short of 10 points!
10,Oh, my life movie!Highly praised and moved
10,It's a masterpiece that's
10,I miss you again...I have nothing else to say but NAVER keep telling me to open it
10,It's a really good movie.
10,Please watch it. It is so much fun. ㅠㅠ Dangdangdangdanggal ㅠㅠ Fun lesson music It's too
10,If you've seen the movie, you'll understand
9,We need more women's stories. One victory, not just one victory.
10,It was so much fun
10,Thank you for your son. It's fun.
10,I lost track of time! You melted what you wanted and it was warm!
10,I fully enjoyed the long running time, the first Indian movie in a long time!
10,I'm going to sing a danggal danggal song It's not boring at all. It's very immersive
8,A movie that makes 160 people happy.
10,It is a movie that is necessary for the reality of Korea.I think it's a fairly figurative film that shows that wrestling is not only done by men but also by women.If you don't like being discriminated against because you're a woman, come out of the box.Instead, keep in mind that there is a price and responsibility.
10,Wow! The movie is awesome!
10,I found my favorite movie after the three idiots!  Completely opposite of Amir Khan in the Three Idiots! Even though it was a really cool running time, it wasn't boring at all~~ This kind of movie should be number one. He kept humming after the movie
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,Oh! That's Wangdu teacher!
10,At first, the guitar caught my eye, but when I saw it again, I saw Babita, who was always next to my father and guitar, and the more I saw it, the more I saw it, thank you for the movie
8,Even in the long running time, the time was never boring.
10,Even though it was my second time watching it, I lost track of time. It's a shame that there aren't many theaters
10,An impressionable sports movie that isn't obvious. The content was full and I didn't get bored even though the runtime was long. It was good that it was covered in various ways from family love to success story. The licorice roles that appear here and there are also fun.
10,I lost track of time ^^ GOOD!!!
8,In the end, the protagonist is his father...
10,India is really... There must be something great.
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. I recommend it to those who haven't seen it because it's a very fun topic in India
10,Although it is relatively unpopular because it is an Indian film, it is as interesting as most Hollywood blockbusters and has a message. On the other hand, because it is an Indian movie in Indian reality, this kind of fun and message is possible. I am watching Indian movie again
10,It's more realistic because it's a true story
9,I found out after watching the movie that the running time was 160 minutes. The excitement of the game scene is unprecedented.
8,The movie and the moving parts are all good, but isn't it too much to exceed the mid-9 rating?
10,10 stars is not enough
10,Re-watch! Women's human rights, family love, and sports are in sync. Especially, wrestling matches are so realistic that I wonder if there was a movie that made me so immersed in sports movies. Wrestlers are a waste of money and time, and all they do is feel uncomfortable and uncomfortable.
10,Is there really no more than 10 points? Indian hero, and my father's song was good and I was encouraged As expected, Amir Khan
10,As expected, it's sad if you don't sing and dance in Indian movies. Danggal that keeps ringing in your mouth. ♪
10,If my daughter is a little older, I want to hold her hand and watch a touching movie!
8,Once you've fallen for it, you lose track of time. It's based on a true story, so touching is basic.The message to the audience is enough to touch enough.^
10,It's a fun movie that'll make you bumble on the way out!
10,I can't believe this kind of movie is done once a day during lunch time
10,It's touching and fun at once.
10,The best! I'm so touched
10,It's my first time writing a score. It's amazing. It's so much fun
10,I cried and laughed at the sensuous editing skills, not to mention the content.
10,It's a touching movie and it warms and warms your heart
10,It's not boring. It's fun
10,This work has been fun and crowded throughout the show.It's a pity that there aren't many theaters.It's a good movie for teenagers to watch.I had a great time with my daughter~~
10,It was really good. It was even more surprising because it was a true story. The actors were amazing. It was fun and touching. It's also good for family movies
10,A movie that expresses the story of fathers and daughters who fight against prejudice in the world
10,I couldn't argue that it was the best movie of the year.
10,You should really watch it. ㅠㅠ 최고 It's the best. I lost track of time Crying and laughing.
8,My father's acting is good...One of the drawbacks of Indian films is that there are so many unnecessary music insertion scenes that this film is not out of the category either
10,Even though the running time was long, I enjoyed watching it because my breathing was not slow and fast
10,I lost track of time even during the long running time
10,It was a very happy movie after a long time.
10,A movie that you really need to watch
10,161 people were filled with emotions and laughter, so it went by quickly. It's the best movie ever.
10,From the beginning to the end, there was no time to be bored and I enjoyed it
10,A high-quality movie that makes you cry even when you don't have a line. The ending may be obvious, but the weight of the process was really good. India's unique visual beauty and music. The actors' performances fill the running time of 2 hours and 40 minutes. It's been a while since I saw it.
10,The story is obvious, but it was fun. (Singing "Bang-Bang-Bang-Bang")
10,It's really fun.  I was forced to book a ticket at school, so I watched it without thinking, but it was so healing for 3 hours...
10,I don't know why there are so few theaters for such a good movie. I watched many movies at the movie theater this year, but now I think I saw a movie that is like a movie. Amir Khan, who you can trust and watch!
10,It's touching and fun^^
10,It's been a while since I enjoyed watching it It was funny, but I cried, and even though the show was long, I didn't feel bored Danggal! Danggal! The song lingers in my ears
10,A movie with touching, humor, joy, and love
10,I'd like to recommend everyone to take a look. Frustration... I'm singing along without realizing it.
10,A movie that I want a feminist to watch. I want the man to realize that the man did not shackle the woman, but that the upright men and women who were trapped in prejudice were shackled to each other. If you had to go that way, you wouldn't have to look around and blame anyone
10,It was touching. And it's a true story!
8,It was beautiful. The passion and charm of India
10,Indian movies are not boring just with their humor and songs, but this is a true story, so there was something more touching. I thought about the frontiers, and I realized once again that life was no pay, no gain
9,It wasn't an Indian movie that I've known. The moment I cut my daughter's hair, I got emotional too ㅠㅠ It was so much fun that I didn't even think it was a long running time. I'm sad that there aren't many theaters
8,A good movie after a long time. I like the main actor's acting
10,Well-made movie. It's worth it
10,I was so moved that I couldn't get bored.
10,It's really fun Make sure you watch it
10,Isn't this what a movie is like?ㅠㅠ It was like a real game.He's a great actor.Amir Khan was great too.Tears came out endlessly.
10,Despite the long running time, I lost track of time.It was great!
10,The music is addictive, and even though the running time is long, the best moving movie I want to watch is... Why is the ranking low?  I don't understand.
10,(Singing "Fall in Love")
10,I'm touched!
9,Confused... It was good except for the excessive patriarchal narrative.
10,Even though the running time was very long, it was not boring at all and it was fun.
9,The story of a character fighting against the inertia of social prejudice. Let's not get a free ride on history.
8,It's a touching story.It's good to watch with your family.
1,Wrestling in India's arms gives you the smell of curry in your sweat
10,Wow, look at the score...It was really fun
10,This is a true women's rights film. I cried from a man's perspective
10,It's so touching and the best I watched this movie without knowing why I cried so much while watching ㅜㅜ
10,I never knew wrestling was such a bloody sport
10,There's no time to be bored with the three-hour run. There are few theaters and most of them are early morning, so I hope many people watch it and feel touched. It's addictive to OST, so I watched it in the morning, but I can hear voices lol I heard that in India, they dance when the song comes out rather than the movie
10,I had a hard time wiping my tears and runny nose from crying ㅠㅠ It was fun but touching...b
10,I lost track of time and watched itㅠㅠ If you don't watch it, you'll regret it It's so much fun
10,It was nice to be able to enjoy the story of a real hero.
10,It's not a movie that reminds me of my dad. It's touching
10,The story is a true story, and the actors actually learned wrestling and acted, so I was immersed in the long running time and was moved by tears in between. It's the best movie I've seen recently. I want to keep it when it comes out.
10,I got goosebumps about 21 times. The best
10,It was so much fun!
10,It's a touching movie with the drama of three Amir Khan idiots actors and their families, and it's recommended for people of all agesAnd it's a movie that depicts the gender discrimination and disappearance of wrestling in India
10,It's touching, and the actors' acting, including Amir Khan, makes the movie immersive!
10,A movie that broke the prejudice of Indian movie. If the music was good and the content and acting were good, I would highly recommend this movie
10,It's the best. It's the best movie I've seen latelyI want to watch it again, but there aren't many theaters
10,It's fun! I hope you watch it
10,Touching and fun at once
10,There's no theater, so I came all the way to see it, and it's worth it
10,It's funny. The two little girls are cute, too. Amir Khan is the best.
10,I enjoyed the long time without any boredom^^
10,A great movie. A precious movie that I barely saw in a theater without. I'm not a big fan of growth movies, but this movie has a point of view of paternal love and women's human rights. Moderate humor, humanism, sincerity, humility, love... It makes me think and look back on many things that I shouldn't miss in life.
10,Gang-gal-gal-gal-gal-gal-gal-gal~ The song is so addictive
10,Talking about 'women' in India where women's rights are low, breaking bigoted thinking with a sharp hammer. This is why it shines through the cracks in Hollywood movies.
10,The movie was really good and no one asked me to take my handkerchief.
9,It is 10 times more fun than Korean movie Wrestler!
10,There was no theater, so I watched it like I was digging up treasure It's so sad
10,I watched it without much expectation because my friend said it was fun, but I lost track of time. I didn't expect wrestling movies to be this interesting.
10,It's so much fun A movie full of jamming, touching, and lessons. I wish you all the best!
10,The Avengers and Deadpool took over all the local movie theaters, so I went to other places to watch them. It was worth it. The song was good and it was touching and fun. I don't think there's much reason why there are fewer theaters like this than hero movies.
10,It's 100 times more fun than AvengersIt's been a long time since I saw a movie like this I strongly recommend it
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie that's been able to unravel predictable developments, such as fun, touching meaning, satire, satire. I entered a person's life I strongly recommend it
10,It's really fun. Good, good, good!
9,I can see, feel, and get this much just by sitting still in the theater for an hour and 40 minutes. Thank you. I hope more people will see it
10,Tears kept coming out.ㅠㅠ I was happy for 2 hours and 40 minutes
10,I can't believe wrestling was such a fun sport.a moving film
8,This is a well-made wrestling movie.
10,Prejudice of the world, sadness and emotion... It's organized and emotional. And the right music to add flavor to it... The best... the saddest and most touching thing is the love of my father, who is so big
10,I enjoyed watching it. There are many factors that lead this movie, but if the wrestling scene was clumsy, I wouldn't have been able to get into it. It's like watching a real game! It's a really well-made movie that doesn't leave out laughter and emotion. I strongly recommend it!
8,It's fun. Movie recommendations
10,I saw Danggal today and it was so nice I don't understand why there are so few theaters Look at this
10,It was so much fun, touching, and fun. I hope you all watch it
10,I had a lot of fun.And it's so touchingPlease watch it. I recommend it
10,My parents loved it
10,A masterpiece that makes you focus on 2 hours and 40 minutes. Women can cry, especially. Before the last game, I felt overwhelmed by my father's lines. (No. 1 famous line)
10,The movie I watched recently... No, the movie that I sobbed the most out of all the movies I watched in the theater. ㅠㅠ 러닝 I thought the running time was too long, but I fell into it.
10,Touching, Fun, Thrilling Indian Well-Made Movie
10,That's the best. I couldn't hold back my tears. That's the coolest thing ever. That's a woman!
10,A movie that never gets boring. I cried because I thought of my father a lot
10,I'm going to buy it when I download it on NAVER
10,Danggal seems to be the best movie with a fun true story from family.The father who protected and raised his daughter to win the gold medal as a wrestler with his dream was cool, and the daughter who followed him until the end was proud...It was a great movie and it was the best
10,It's the best! It's really fun.
10,A must-see movie. Amir Khan is the best.
9,Guitar and Babita. You look cute when you were young^_^ Cousin is so funny LOL
10,Please increase the number of theaters...
10,Guitar, I love you. Babita, I love you
1,No fun, no fun! No fun, no fun, no fun
9,It's great. It's not obvious.
10,I was saved by this movie.  I laughed at first and cried at last.
10,It's a story that's not boring at all for three hours, and it's pleasant, lovely, and even warm
10,This is it. Bollywood is the best. I was so into the guitar that I thought I was going to become an Indian. Amir Khan is so cool and good at acting. It's such a great movie. A masterpiece that impresses you with its loud directing ability without twisting it.
10,It wasn't a movie, it was a real reality.
10,It's more touching because it's a true story of a movie that's never boring
10,Danggal, Danggal, Danggal. Surprised by Indian music and movie grass
9,I wonder what women's wrestling in India will be like at the next Olympics.
10,A dream-making film that you can't help but love.
10,It was really fun. I couldn't believe it was 2 hours and 40 minutes It's a movie full of love and emotion. I recommend it
10,There's no need for words.ㅠㅠ A movie that I want to recommend to everyone I know
10,I thought 161 minutes would feel boring and long, not at all clumsy or contrived, as well as the unique cheerfulness of Indian movies, but I didn't know it would pass so quickly. (Singing "Bang-Gang-Gang")Danggal! An addictive song
6,Personally, it was fun in the beginning, and it was getting boring. It was predictable because it was real. The directing was kind of cliche and the running time was long.
5,I can sympathize with us a lot 20 years ago with our sentiment as the host country of the 88 Olympic Games.
10,Awesome! This is more heroic than most hero movies! It's so much fun! You're the best!
10,Shut up and watch the movie Amir Khan madeEven though it's a sports movie with a cliche subject, it's moving and fun to make. I'm having so much fun.It's one of the few movies that I log in and leave a rating on myself Make sure to watch it!
9,Two things are certain.One is that the nearly three-hour running time is not conscious at all, and the other is that the music "Danggalgalgal" lingers in my ears after watching it.
10,It's such a touching true story!
10,I strongly recommend it. Make sure to watch it·
10,It's the best movie ever. It's not just a touchy-feely thing either
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it Make sure to watch it
10,I have never seen an Indian movie since the end of the season. If you make it well, it is 100 times better than Korean movies
10,It's touching, it's fun, and I caught both of them.My name is Khan? I watched both of these and Slumdog Millionaire. I enjoyed them all, including this. I was frustrated by the national team coach in the second half of the movie, but the ending was meaningful and very good.
10,I was going to watch OOO Deadpool 2, but OOOs were scared, so I watched it, but it is more interesting
10,Best movie. 10 words or more
10,A masterpiece that doesn't get boring for a second
10,Don't look at other things just because the running time is long. Look at Danggal! It's fun because it fills up the show time. Clumsy...
10,I lost track of time based on the best movie
10,It's been a while since we had something fun
10,I was crying and laughing, and the audience was clapping at every game
9,여성에게 힘을 실어주는
10,It is such a good movie and makes me want to watch it again. When I saw that the things I thought were somewhat absurd directions had a big meaning in the end, I felt like I had a blow. Story, directing, music, everything is good. I just want more people to see it.
10,It's fun to watch it twice and three times, and there's nothing missing from the story, video, and music. I thought three hours was long, but by the end of the movie, I even regret that "Why is it already over?" The movie of my life that I want everyone to watch it
9,Every time I see an Indian movie, it's more than average
10,A movie that shows why the running time is long.It's a movie that contains the most process.
7,Hollywood production of Bollywood based on the true story of Bollywood and Hollywood
10,It was a time to look back on my life
10,I think the video, sound, and story were perfect without throwing away any scenes
10,Let's get more theaters, like Reggie's movie Champion and no monopoly. Let's watch some good movies
10,I can't believe this is real! Amir Khan is amazing!The movie that I want to give a perfect score!
10,Really, really, really, really the best.
10,I cried and laughed for 2 hours and 40 minutes. It was so touching that I didn't even know how it went It's the best piece of art
10,I thought I'd like to see it twice. Crying, laughing, and feeling joy.
10,I was immersed in watching it without knowing when the long screening time passed.It's an Indian film no less than three idiots.
10,I admire their passion for wrestling. It has all the acting, scenario, Ost, cheerfulness and realism. I hope a lot of people will watch it.
10,Despite the long running time, I was so impressed
10,It's definitely the best!!!
10,It's just a movie.Let's watch a movie like this instead of feeling empty after watching another movie.Please ㅜㅜ
10,1010101010 masterpieces.Do we need more words?
10,A movie that made me concentrate for three hours. As expected, Amir Khan...
10,I watched the movie because my eldest daughter recommended it and it was so fun and meaningfulThere aren't that many theaters. It's a bit disappointing^^
10,Once you look at it, there's no time for that long running time to be boring!Another big movie!
10,the rediscovery of Bollywood Extreme excitement, achievement, and emotion that overshadows the long running time. Everything!
10,It's CJ sentimental, but it's not tacky. It's funI think it would be nice to watch it with my family
10,It was a good movie after a long time.
10,A movie that can give a score of 20 out of 20. What if it's less fancy?What if it's not complete enough?You really feel the beauty of art when you capture real dramas with real stories.Entertainment. Touching messages. Joy is the best!
10,It's really fun. It's a great movie
10,It's not forced. It's natural acting. I was surprised. I trusted the rating with a suspicious heart. I think Korea has a distribution problem. If you haven't seen it in a movie, please watch it on VOD Trash movies purify your eyes
10,As much as I expected, I enjoyed it♥♥
10,The running time is a little long, but it's cathartic, I miss you again!
10,Great movie! It was hard to find a movie theater. Why don't you promote this masterpiece in Korea and hide it?
9,a masterpiece of Indian cinema Sometimes there are great Indian movies, and this is one of them.
10,It's fun. The movie I watched well this year
10,I didn't watch it until now because I didn't want to hear Indian. Wow, it's really fun. What Korean movie wrestler is doing right now. Thank you for watching Danggal Best ^^  I give you a lesson ^^ I have 100 stars
10,The movie is really good.^^ I'm so touched...And it's so realWhen are we going to release a movie like that?
10,It's been a while since I thought about filming the 2nd one ㅜㅜ It's really fun. Make sure to watch it.
10,The poor reality of a woman in India and the image of a father and daughter overcoming it are very touching.
10,A movie with humor, touching moments and messages
10,The movie's future lies with Asian women, who only changed their gender, but are so funny and sad
10,It was so much fun!
10,It's so moving that I can't believe it's based on a true story
10,It's the best movie. Music acting. I can't forget everything
10,It was so much fun. I was so immersed in the game
10,I don't know how 2 hours and 40 minutes passed. It must be a really fun and useful movie. I recommend it. Indian films, including Three Idiots and Double A Danggal, are wonderful films that leave touching, music and calm aftertaste. I recommend it to you.
10,Confusing. Confusing. Confusing
10,It's fun and touching
10,Danggal danggalu~ The song still lingers in my ears~I really enjoyed itI'm actively recommending it to people around me
10,It's a very good movie.I like people who are older.
10,Make sure to watch Danggal. It's been a while since I watched a long time ago
10,Crumbling. It's me who's saving myself.
10,I had a hard time because of my job, but after seeing Danggal, I was inspired to do something if I did my best, and it gave me so much strength!!! I hope more people who live in a difficult world can see it.
10,I was very impressed by the Indian painting
10,I saw it on CGV and it's a really interesting and clever movie.It was better than the Avengers. I want to recommend this movie.
8,The last forced move is forgiven. Crusty! Crusty
10,It's a sports movie, so I didn't expect much. It's really fun! The songs in between are not awkward and fun. I kept crying because I thought of my dadㅠㅠ 영화 I thought a lot about whether to buy a movie or not, but when I watch it, it passes by. I'm going to see you again before it's over
10,Life movie! It's such a waste to give 10 stars ★ x 100 moreAs a sports person, I can relate to this movie.Shivering all over and tears flowing
10,It was the most impressive movie I've seen this year
10,Amir Khan. Three hours of running time wasn't long at all
10,I can't believe this is real. The actors' acting was amazing, too
9,A movie that won't waste time even if you watch it many times
10,Perfect! That's all I can say!
10,ㅜㅜㅜㅜ I think it's a really encouraging movie. We're going to shoot the 3rd round
10,A movie that perfectly met your expectations. The sound of the song, the background of the movie, and the meaning of the lines are still lingering
10,The lines are touching, the background music is addictive, and the actors are so good at acting. ㅜㅜ I felt a lot of things It's a really good movie. I'm thinking about watching it again ㅜㅜ!!
8,It was so touching.
10,It was fun! The real hero story
10,Change is achieved only when it breaks the general framework.
10,It's a movie that makes me sing along without realizing it. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's an Indian-style Gukppong movie, but after watching it, it's so well-made that I want to sing the Indian national anthem
10,There's a reason for staying in the theater for a long time. I was watching a movie, and I put my body forward like I was watching a real game, clapped my fist, and clapped. It's not just me, but the other audiences too! Make sure to watch it. It's really fun!
10,If you're crazy, you're so cute
10,Please increase the number of theaters You don't want to make money?
10,I didn't know that the running time was long and fell into it.It's really touching and the stadium makes my hands sweat
10,I can't stop hearing the sound of my mouth! It's been a source of my strength lately.
10,The movie that I enjoyed twice
10,I watched it twice. I'm thinking about when to watch the third one.
10,Make sure to watch it! Make sure to watch it! It's not boring at all
10,I didn't expect it, but it was so good and fun that I couldn't feel bored even during the long running time. The actors' acting skills were not bad, and I was surprised to see that these contents were real throughout. The movie was about a father who loved his children the most, even though he was patriarchal.
10,It's very good and I'm just jealous.
10,It's not an Indian victory, it's a daughter's victory, it's a women's victory over those who ignored women
10,It was touching. The wrestling was exciting, too
10,The movie that I want to see again at the movie theater...The schedule for the theater is too small ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that lost track of time. I think it is a movie that shows the deep taste of Bollywood movies. It's a good movie where Amir Khan's acting with his eyes conveys the emotion.
10,It's so charming. I lost track of time ^^
10,I recommend it. It's the best
10,Both the children and the adult sisters are in sync. I waited until the kids grew up I thought the shoot went on.
10,Father is great. He overcomes himself. Life reversal story is always cool
10,I really enjoyed watching it. A movie that receives positive energy. Fatherhood and Sports Growth Drama
10,It is surprising that a movie at this point came out in India, where I heard that women's rights are low. Above all, the movie is really fun. The OST tracks are so good and exciting. Hey, this kind of movie needs to be a hit.k.I look forward to seeing it go up in the charts later.
10,A movie that makes you cry and laugh regardless of age. Please increase the number of theaters.
6,A decent Indian movie for killing time. There were some parts that were difficult to understand because Indian culture was not touching, and the overall directing was a bit disappointing.
10,It's so much fun! I hope there will be more theaters and many people will watch it!!!!And the song is funny and addictive and the main characters are so cute ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that lacks 10 points to the point where the nearly 3 hours of running time is regrettable. Amir Khan, who grew up to be a great actor after "Three Idiots," was impressive. Personally, I was disappointed that there were too few theaters compared to other domestic movies.
9,Based on the actual facts, the story is solid and I really like the actor's acting. It would be nice if you could shorten the song and dance.
10,I'm so bored that I can't even get enough of it!
10,"Dola" is fun. I remember it for a long time. Indian movies are amazing. There's no scale like SF. That will do just as well.
10,If it's fun, even if you don't watch the movie, make sure to listen to the OST Addicted to it
10,I laughed and was moved while watching it with my two daughters in elementary school, and returned with a happy feeling, saying, "It's good to watch it together."
9,Bollywood, India, produces the most movies in the world, and it is a movie that incorporates trial and error and know-how accumulated in the success or failure of many movies. Although I have lived in India for two years, their diverse culture, population, and religion are excellent film materials and will make endless masterpieces in the future.
10,a film against prejudice and oppression
10,You can trust and watch Amir Khan! He is a great movie star who always catches fun and emotion in one go. I lost track of time.
10,This movie was 10 points, part-timers, and nearly 3 hours seemed like 10 minutes.An Indian masterpiece that shows us what a movie is for us, tired of the ridiculous Hiromul, but an investment in Walt Disney... America is good at smelling money
10,I don't know why wrestling is so exciting and fun
10,I loved it. The background music was unique and it was fun. It was fun and touching
10,It is my first time to Pyeongnam.Good
10,The future of the movie was also in India It's a song that reminds me of Bollywood, but it doesn't break the flow, and it's a movie that captures Amir Khan's heavy acting, guitar, and even Babita's sweat. I laughed and cried after a long time and enjoyed it.
10,I had a hard time finding the theater because there weren't many theaters. It's fresh and cool while faithfully following the grammar of an authentic sports movie!
10,Touching, touching, so much fun
10,I cried, too. I cried next to me. It's the best
10,It's based on a true storyㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's so fun and touching ㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's a movie that has a lot of meanings! If you're a woman, I hope you watch it!
9,It was pleasant, bitter and exhilarating
8,As long as it doesn't have the power to monopolize the screen, such a movie will be successful by word of mouth.Screen monopoly should be outlawed for the diversity of movies
10,It is a movie that contains joy, sadness, emotion, music, life, family love, everything. A solid scenario, a complete edit. You must watch a good movie like thisThere is no CgV. Megabox is shown almost by region.
10,I thought it'd be so much fun if I had a high score, but it was really fun! The song was great. 160 minutes passed so quickly It was more fun and touching because it was a true story motif! Good, good
10,It was not enough to capture India's discriminatory view of women in reality, so it was touching to see them rise to the top despite such neglect and criticism.Best movie of the year!
10,I looked for it because there was no theater, but I watched it because it was shown once a day.   It's a movie worth waiting for.   It's a solid movie, but it's a shame that there aren't many theaters.ㅠㅠ I'm writing because I like it so much.
10,It purifies rotten eyes after watching wrestlers
7,It is a sports success story that we know well, so it may be boring, but each character shines based on the true story, and the story of the father and the woman is well expressed. The wrestling scene itself is spectacular, so it's a lot of fun to watch!
10,Unexpected hit movie ^^ I really enjoyed it.
10,It's the best. Make sure to watch itcrying
10,Child and guitar roles are so cute
10,A true hero movie is the best!!! Flustered!
10,There's no need for words. Make sure to watch it.
8,It was a fun game movie. The beginning was so funny
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed watching it.
10,Indian movie... I watched it because of three idiots.Really. It's okay.I thought the runtime would be long and boring.It wasn't boring at all. But by the way, actresses wrestling...You were so good.I thought you were a real wrestler.
10,After watching "Dang-gal," the lyrics are stuck in my head. Dang-gal-gal-gal-gal-gal
10,Thank you again this year, Mr. Amir Khan. Please release another good movie!
10,It was my best luck to know and watch this movie.
10,I watched it with my girlfriend and it was fun!
10,Elementary school, elementary school hero movies.Without any content, they improvise on a budget, fish in trailers, arm wrestling, wrestling movies that focus on promotional expenses... I'm so touched that I saw my beloved wife today, and I'm so touched!  Great movie after a long time!
10,Too bad there are so many people who don't know Bollywood movies. It's obvious, but it's not obvious, it's fun, it's touching, and there are so many grand, heavy, and more than I expected. Make sure to watch it It's really more than you think.
10,It's so much fun
2,I had a really deep sleep. I'm relieved of my fatigue
10,It was so much fun that I got stars for the first time
10,It's been a long time since I saw a heart-throbbing movie
10,Amir Khan, what the hell are you...
10,A movie that makes you think a lot. The movie is about women's human rights, but it broke my heart because it shows a father who is forced and patriarchal who cannot escape from it.
10,It's the highest score out of 10!
10,I watched it so happily with my 12-year-old and 9-year-old brothers laughing and crying. As expected, Amir Khan!
10,It's better than the Korean movie "Wrestler" in the neighborhood. I enjoyed it.
10,Wow, Indian movies are really good... That's so cool
10,It's so funny
10,I cried watching it. It was so much fun
10,I strongly recommend! The Best! Story, acting, visual, music.And touching.It's a movie that leaves lingering emotions and fun together.
10,I really enjoyed it. It's touching
10,I finally saw itIt's really funYou're the best
10,I heard the word of mouth and finally saw it. While hearing the ridicule of being crazy, I was moved by the paternal love of raising my daughter as a child, not a "woman," and I saw hope for the daughters who believed in and followed my father. It is a family movie and a Femism well melted, a sports movie and a growth drama.
10,It's a mysterious movie where even the forced parts naturally
10,a real major movie masquerading as minorities
10,It was the best movie that I wanted to call all my acquaintances and force them to watch it as a group. ㅠㅠ My mom who went with me said it was so fun. ㅠㅠ I think I'll go watch it again It was so niceㅠ
10,That was the best sports movie I've ever seen. Clap clap
10,The best. Just the best. Good, good, good
10,A movie that didn't feel like three hours of running time was long at all.  I was able to immerse myself throughout the movie thanks to its novel material and addictive music. It was a movie that I thought it was a good thing to watch.
10,It's a movie where the main characters of "Three Idiots" appeared, and I chose this movie because I have good memories of "Three Idiots." The running time could be long, but it wasn't boring at all It was a movie that was touching in part and showed my father's heart and deep meaning. I guess he feels the same way around the world
9,A reality more like a movie than a movie. I really liked the calm and touching story ^^
10,I really enjoyed it. I knew it was almost 3 hours away... Amir Khan who really trusted and watched from 3 idiots!! It was an honor to see a masterpiece again in the theater. I promise again that I will live a strong life with the shudder. You're the best!
10,Bollywood's brilliant, moving and brilliant
9,A film that makes you think about women's rights in India. As my father said, it was not an individual victory, but an Indian woman's victory and the movie was the voice of an Indian woman.
10,It's really fun. No words needed
10,I went without knowing that it was a 161 minute movie, but the movie that I watched without knowing the time was really the best! The song is so addictive. I watched a movie after a long time
10,A breathtaking wrestling match, women can also exist in a strong manner. Danggal shows that.
8,Korea systematically excludes foreign films and monopolizes the screen, but only makes commercial films like 같은. You have to file a national petition to abolish the screen quota system. Why is the Korean film industry so closed during the FTA free trade era? For your information, I gave him 3 points.
10,I want to wrestle Just your waist ㅜㅜ
10,Best movie of the year. 3 hours of running time was like 30 minutes.
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it! It's really fun. You won't regret it
10,A movie that's not worth the money even if you watch it 10 times
10,OOO's best movie of the year ^^ Funny, funny and touching with family love! Indian culture, scenery, and music are the best human drama
10,I watched it without thinking, and I almost got sucked into the screen It's really fun!
10,Touching! Wrestling game! Spring with sweat in your hands
10,It's a movie you'll regret if you don't watch it
10,What a great movie to watch with kids! It's a pity that there aren't many theaters that show such good movies, so many people can't see them. It's a movie that captures both emotion and fun.
10,It's a movie that's both touching and fun! A movie that makes Danggal urs look back on their parents' kindness sometimes A movie that is good to watch with family. A movie that makes you interested in wrestling sports
10,Ah, the movie that I really want to give more than 10 stars is so fun and touching without boring ㅠㅠ
10,Amir Khan movie should be watched wholeheartedly ㅠㅠ it's a masterpiece
10,the paternal love of a hot father Her growth is hotter than that.
10,It's amazing. ㅠㅠㅠIt's so much fun. I hesitated a lot if I should watch it at first. ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it! Dang dang dang dang dang dang!
10,A moving and fun movie
8,I liked the unique melody and storyline of Indian movies. The actors' acting was especially great
9,It was a well-made movie
10,You're the best. You can trust me
10,The best! Your story and acting skills are the best!
10,Even though it was 2 hours and 40 minutes, there was no boring scene and the content continued smoothly, which was also greatFlustered
10,It was the best movie I watched without anticipation. I really lost track of time. Amir Khan's presence is amazing!
10,It was fun, exhilarating, and cool. It's really good to watch it in the movie theater. Crumbling
9,I had a blast! The wrestling was so nerve-racking and cool
10,It's my first time getting a movie rating. It's crazy. It's a shame that these movies don't have theaters or a lot of time. I really enjoyed it Make sure you watch it
8,a well-made work Good story, message, and touching.
10,A movie that is appropriate for both touching and laughing. I never knew wrestling was such a tense sport.
10,It was so nice. It was amazing that India, a culture that ignores and looks down on women, created this story, and the three-hour running time was quite long, but it was an exciting and good story for three hours.
10,It's my first time writing a movie review. I'm glad I watched it alone. It was a movie that made me feel and think a lot. Make sure you watch it ㅠㅠ I still can't get over itcrying
10,A good movie. A moving movie
10,A movie that made me feel once again what women's status is like in India. My father helped me break it down and the really cool guitar and barbita! This is my second Indian movie, but I am satisfied with this movie
10,2 hours and 40 minutes passed so naturally  The movie music is so interesting that it sticks in my ears.
8,The running time is quite long, but I enjoyed watching it until the end. Three idiots, Amir Khan, it was very nice to see you
10,I was going to watch "Rexler" but I got a better GPA, so I'm going to watch it again with my son, who works outI strongly recommend it
10,It's not a waste of 10 points!
10,Immersion and emotion are the best movies. I cried a few times and even though it was a long running time, I lost track of time.
10,I'm surprised it's a true story. 2 hours and 40 minutes went by so quickly
10,The best... This is the movie
10,The running time is pretty long, but it's so much fun that time flies
10,I cried my eyes out and watched the best movie of my life
10,It's so touching and fun!!!
10,I was so moved that I shed tears from time to time. It was a rediscovery of Indian movies such as the love between father and daughter and the excitement of sports called wrestling!
10,It's a good movie. I think this is what a great movie is like. Thank you!Namaste!
8,If you endure the scent of soupy noodles, Jin Kook will wait
10,I enjoyed watching "Not at all
10,It was really fun~~ It's been a while since I've seen this. I could feel both emotion and fun.
10,It was the first movie that was released recently that had a long running time but didn't feel bored at all. Even after the movie ended, I kept thinking of the song and came out of the movie theater. I found myself saying, "Wow, it was fun!" Suggest.
10,At first, I thought he was a straightforward father who wanted to achieve his dream through his daughter.In India's women's human rights society, which is not properly treated as a human being, she was born as a woman and cooked.I wanted to raise them as children who live a wonderful life for themselves, not just getting married after doing the lyrics It's a masterpiece
10,It was so much fun. It became my favorite movie
10,Oh, you must watch this movie ♡
1,It's such an obvious story.It's plastered with GPA.The running time is unnecessarily too long.The main characters' acting was good, but I was so disappointed that the following actions were all predictableIt's in the 6 points range, but there are many part-timers so I give you 1 point.
10,Movies based on true stories are always touching.
10,I've never been bored throughout my running time The song lingered in my head and the content was so full that it felt like something stuck in my head
10,My father is a coach in life...
10,Crusty! Crusty!
10,It's so nice. I saw it three times. Why this good movie was released so late and there is no song. I couldn't get it anywhere.
10,There aren't many theaters showing it...I had to look for it, but I also found my favorite movie
9,It's obvious, but the story we need, it's fun and touching!
10,Indian movies are so out of touch that I've only seen three idiots, but it was really impressive! However, it turned out that the actor who played the role of Rancho, the main character of the three idiots, also starred this time. A touching movie based on a true story and an actor you trust and watch took away tears and laughter. a piece of work worthy of money
10,This is the first movie that I wanted to see again as soon as I came out of the theater.
10,After watching Indian movies all the time, I think it's a good thing to watch. I didn't realize the running time was this long... A movie like a textbook that tells you that fun and moving things are captured like this
10,I really recommend it. The best...No words needed
10,It was fun. Now I know wrestling is such a fun sport
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie that's like a movieI'm so sad that I got 5 starsI really didn't get bored!What an Indian movie!
10,Wow, I can't believe there's a movie like this. It's the best sports movie. I was dumbfounded when I saw the arm wrestling, but it felt so much better
10,I didn't know that the running time was this long for my life's movie, masterpieces, and actors' acting
10,Best. Why isn't this movie theater here? Beyond touching, this is the beginning of a revolution.
10,I literally lost track of time. I'm just getting out of the movie theater. I think it'll be touching even if you watch it with your family. I strongly recommend it!
10,At first, Abuji was too much.I looked at it, but when I saw the position of women in India, I knew that I was looking to the future. I found out that he loves me so much ㅜㅜ
10,It's fun. Recommended movies for families
10,I strongly recommend it! It's so much fun~~~
10,The movie "Danggal," which is not boring and immersive even after nearly three hours of screening, means a wrestling match in whiteheadYes, it's touching/tearing/fun/touched/it's itself.Families and lovers are also highly recommended.Clumsy ♪♩♬ Clumsy ♬♪♩
10,It's really amazing! It was crazy funMy favorite movie
10,It's such a great movie
10,It's the best movie. It's a movie that makes you focus until the end
10,I lost track of time. I never knew a woman's wrestling was so cool. It's a movie about women's sex merchandising, not other people's, but real people. I could enjoy the movie itself without any inconvenience after a long time.
10,You must see Korean women at least oncecrying
10,Wow, I need to give 12 points
10,Amir Khan, who you can trust and watch.... It's so much fun! Wrestling scene. It's so immersiveCool and touching movie!
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun
10,The song is so addictive that I keep thinking about it. I really recommend this movie
10,This is really well made. I admit, it's been a long time since I've had a series of emotional and exciting sports movies
10,It's one of the top three movies of my life. Great! ^^ Addictive songs and touching and humorous stories. Make sure to watch it ^^
10,Make sure to watch it. You're the best
10,Please don't watch similar movies like Wrestlers, let's go watch Danggal
10,Please reduce the number of Avengers movie theaters and show these masterpieces. There's only one running time a day, but even if there's one, it's at 8 a.m. Are you telling me to watch it or not? It's so much fun. You have to watch it.
10,Most emotional people are left with a slap in the wrist for Korean movies
10,It's a movie where you can see a hero without any CG! I'm surprised that there is no group dance, which is a characteristic of Indian movies, but I think it means a song instead. The lyrics are fun. Not the ridiculous Avengers, but more Danggal theaters. It's been less than a month, and it's so hard to find a theater!
10,The first movie to score
6,....if I were her daughter, I would have left the house.It's not because the movie was not fun, but because I was angry while watching it, 6 points. FYI, I don't recommend it to those who were angry about Cha Tae-hyun's role among those who watched it with God.It's my personal opinion.
8,Instead of the Wrestler mang, make sure you watch this
10,It's been 2 hours and 40 minutes. It's so exciting and fun that I don't know how it went Social message, acting, plot, video, OST. It's been a while since I've seen a really good movie! Much better than Infinity War.
10,After more than five years, my life movie was still three idiots watching in bed at dawn I promised that life movies would not change from now on, but they just broke
10,The running time is long and I've never. a lively development Funny. I really liked the powerful OST. Some of the wrong parts definitely exist, but the feminist message was a strong feminist movie.
10,It was the best movie of my life!
10,This is a real hero movie :)
10,My daughter is funnier than "Avengers"!Haha
10,It's not exactly feminism, but it's a movie that expresses feminism
10,Best movie, no less than three idiots.
10,It's so exciting ^^ I didn't know the time went by. I downloaded it because there weren't many places that were showing it, but it would have been great if I saw it at the theaterㅠ
10,A movie that doesn't feel like a long running time! Time flies! Don't watch anything else. Make sure to watch this
8,The first Indian movie that I enjoyed watching
10,A real hero. It reminds me of a Korean fencing reversal. It's so touching
10,It's really just made.I want to see you again.
9,Make sure to watch it at the theater!!!
10,The way India changes its patriarchy. a clumsy but meaningful task
10,It's the best movie ever. It's really nice to watch with the kids. Recommend.
10,It's crazy. It's so cool. I love you, guitar Barbie
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year.
8,Happy ending if parents' wishes and children's dreams matchOtherwise, violence~I enjoyed watching it without knowing the time went by, but I have many thoughts.
10,There is no need for words. Legit!
10,The movie of my life... A movie that anyone who is desperately challenging for something can relate and cry
10,I watched it without knowing the time was passing.
10,Watch it. I won't say much It's been a few years since I left a comment
10,The movie that made me cry because I was so overwhelmed when "End Cradit" was going up... It's really the best. I strongly recommend it.It's almost 3 hours, but I didn't even look at the clock. I was so focused It's a movie that never gets boring
10,The movie where I felt my father's love. I think it will remain in my heart for a long time
10,It's been fun and moving for over two and a half hours
8,The best movie I've seen this year.
10,It was so much funㅠㅠ If it's so much fun, I strongly recommend it. But I watched the movie for about 3 hours. But I was bored and focused for less than a minute
10,It's fun. Great immersion. Youngho's message is clear, touching and fun. It's so sad that I can only get 10 points
8,It was good not to induce forced emotion. If it was a bit short, 10 points
10,Good, good. It was a long running time, but it wasn't boring at allI strongly recommend it!
10,It's been a while since the movie touched my heart and made me laughI strongly recommend it because it would be nice to watch it with your family
10,A movie that has no choice but to give 10 points. It is sad that it is not comparable to a Korean wrestling movie that is shown at the same time
10,It's the first time I've seen a movie with a running time of nearly 3 hours and my hips don't hurt like this. It's a pretty, touching, simple, and great movie
10,A movie that makes me think India is my country
10,I watched it as interesting as the three idiots. I lost track of time
10,Danggal, dalgal, dalgal, dalgal, dalgal. Guitar, handsome. He's doing everything with his face
10,Let's watch it no matter what! Danggal!
6,They know how cool they are. It's a little obvious. But it's fun. The downside is that it's too long
10,I didn't expect much. It was so much funI watched it with my mom and she said it was fun. I never left a review, but I really wanted to recommend it
10,You can watch this again at the movie theater.
6,Exciting music and wrestling are somewhat popular.
10,The running time is quite long, but it's really fun It has the highest rating out of all the movies I've seen
10,Don't look at the wrestler. Look at this
10,I really need to work hard It's a movie that I thought of. As expected, Amir Khan... It's a movie about sports. It's touching and fun. It's all the best in movies these days
10,This is a sports movie.It's not a forced movie but a thrilling movie... For a while, I've only been rated for movies that are worth the money... This is real!
10,I can't be the only one. 3 hours felt like 10 hours a new school in the year of the twelfth century
10,You're the best! Babita, please marry me!
8,A little bit of regret and a lot of emotion about human rights!
10,The wrestling scene was very thrilling and nice
10,It's a movie where I lost track of time and was immersed in it It's fun and touching
10,I think it's a relief that you went to see it alone.My heart was so full that I shed tears That's how touching the movie is!
10,I've already seen it twice. It's not boring at all and doesn't feel long.
10,The best ★★★ the best ★★★
10,I was worried about the long running time, but it's not boring and fun
10,There's no need for a compliment But there's no theater
10,It's the best movie ever.There is humor, music, and touching...
10,I watched it and it was so much fun that I wanted to watch it again, but I couldn't because there were none.
10,The impression of sports is really big. Amir Khan has aged well!
10,This is a true story
10,It's so much fun, but I'm sad that there aren't any theaters that do it
10,I was not bored throughout the movie, I was immersed in the movie, the content was good, the song was addictive, and it was very fun Recommend.
8,A film that proves I was right
10,Too bad there aren't many theaters. When will VOD come out?
1,Amir Khan Becomes a Virus
9,I respect Indian movies
10,No Bollywood-specific musical elements. Simple story development. Amir Khan movie that you can trust and watch
10,I don't want to get a GPA, so I'll give it to him
10,When the guitar throws men away, it's so thrilling! I should go watch it one more time Flustered
10,A movie that has no choice but to clap for human emotion, with fast production, breathless, increased heart rate, sudden humor!!!
10,It's my first Indian movie, but it's a lot more fun than Avengers
9,From the middle, tears...영화 The movie is very good.
10,Good, good, fun. No failure
10,It's not expressed as a movie with 10 points or moreㅜㅜ 전혀 It's a movie that I really want everyone to watch. It's not boring at all and I was sad that time went by so quicklyㅜㅜㅜ
10,The movie Danggal, a human victory based on a touching true story. It is the most satisfying movie in every way.  The movie time doesn't feel long at all, and it's a great movie with fun and touching laughter. It's the best! Make sure to watch it!
10,It's been a long time and it's been so much fun. There was no time to be bored from start to finish. I enjoyed it so much that I left a review for the first time. I strongly recommend it!
10,I kept crying while watching it. It's touching
10,I can't believe 3 hours went by so fast. It's a great movie
9,Training close to abuse that was done because they treated me as a person, not a woman. Unnecessity of the obvious only to be seen off the corset. A woman who roars victory in a sport that was considered exclusive to men at the heart of the patriarch. It was a smart and wonderful movie.
10,Thank you. ^^ I hope other people watch it too
10,It's a lot more fun than the Avengers! This is the movie!
10,I watched an Indian movie for the first time, but I fell in love with itㅠㅠ It's so much fun that I'm going to go film the second round. If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it!
10,It was fun lol It's my second Indian movie and I'm so focused ㅠㅠ Jeon Jam
10,It was so much fun. It was so moving that I could cry    I strongly recommend it^^
10,A unique movie... The lyrics are over. Exciting song, shoulder dance and movie that I want to watch again... Better than Aven
10,Really watch it. The best movie of the year
10,Fun. Guitar is awesome ㅠㅠ
10,I was immersed in it and enjoyed itI think you made a good movie
8,It's exactly what I expected. Watching each song as well-made, I thought it was a great inner dance.
10,The eyes and ears were pleasant and the story was good. I thought of my father a lot the whole time I saw him.
10,I don't have a rating, but I can't help it I really enjoyed watching it from the beginning to the end It's a shame that there aren't many theaterscrying
10,I was so into it that I didn't know how it went for 2 hours and 40 minutes I was more moved because the music was good and it was a true story There weren't many theaters, so I barely watched it, and it was worth it
10,I didn't even know the time went by and watched it! It's really funcrying
10,A movie that makes your hands sweat. There's nothing to throw away, including the song. Danggal!I'm so bold!
10,Indian movies are worth it  Like three idiots
8,The visuals are good, the acting is great. Even though it's a true story, it's full of fun with the production.a well-made film
10,It's the best Indian movie ever.I loved the story and the thrilling wrestling scene♡
10,A movie that deserves 10 points. A movie with the highest level of perfection among Indian movies
10,It's the best! You thought it was a real game! I think most Indian movies with Amir Khan are fun
10,It's so much fun It's a long running time, but I enjoyed it so that I don't feel it  It's a well-made movie Everyone, make sure to watch it!
10,I recommend movies that you can trust
10,This is a really good movie. It was so good that I naturally thought that I would rather watch this movie than watch 10 heroes. Feels like I've seen a movie of my life. I want to keep it and watch it again~~~
10,Even though it was a long time, it wasn't boring at all. It was fun and touching ^^ It was a great Indian movie
8,I liked Yoo Hae Jin, so I was going to watch the wrestler, but I didn't watch the review and watched the Danggal. I think it was a wise choice. Even though the material and message wasn't my favorite, I really enjoyed it. Actors, great acting, good directing! I recommend you to watch Indian movies without skipping prejudices
10,Danggal, danggal. The running time is long, but it's not boring. The song is addictive. The message is good
10,This is really a human sports movie! The reality of the sports world was well reflected and the message about women in Indian society was very well reflected. It's a movie that really touches you with great acting and scenarios All the actors including Amir Khan are praised for their acting skills!
10,Small touching moments and family stories are really fun. It's a common story, but I strongly recommend small touching moments!
10,It's a soul-sounding movie. Let's try!
10,I've watched all the movies that were released recently, but Danggal is the most fun
10,Among the movies released in recent months, I made the most outstanding movie and watched it again because I wanted to watch it again. It doesn't make sense that there's no theater You have to watch this before the movie goes down The background music plays a part in the movie, so make sure to watch it on the big screen
10,It was so much fun To the distributor who gave me a good movie.Thankful enough ㅠㅠ
10,Despite the long running time, the character of the movie Dad's stage gun, which was not boring, was a little uncomfortable, but it was a relief that it ended well. Addictive songs have been humming since I got home. Shaking, shaking
10,It's so funny!
10,Look, I don't regret it. Never
10,Women, sports, and family. I think they did a great jobYou can feel Indian culture, it's fun, it's touching, it's greatMake sure you watch it
10,It's the best movie ever. Crumbling
7,I can't sympathize with the father of a true story who sacrificed his daughter for the sake of the country. The original sound track of the movie is unique to Indian movies.I could feel the interesting lyrics
10,Dad's faith gives me strength. ^^
10,The best movie of my life ㅠㅠㅜ
10,Even though it's a long running time, it's not boring at all and every scene is precious. I think it would be meaningful to be a daughter who is recognized by her father, even if she can't break the framework of society right away. I watched it with tears and laughter all the whole time. I think I'll keep thinking about it.
10,I hope a lot of people watch it
10,It's a story about a woman who fights against discrimination and prejudice. In the wrestling scene, you really have catharsis all over your body. There was no time to be bored for 2 hours and 40 minutes.
10,It was touching and I lost track of time.It's touching and amazing that it's a true story.It's the story of a true hero living in this era.
10,It felt like watching a wrestling match You're the best!
10,I cried with the male lead actor when he cried. I think he cried 5 times
10,A true life movie. I recommend watching it alone
10,I was really going out after the movie, and I was saying, "Dang-gal, dang-gal" without realizing it. I enjoyed watching it so much that I didn't think the running time was long, and at some point, the tip of my nose kept getting cold. Personally, it was a movie that touched me a lot and I started to like wrestling. What a good movie!!! ^^
10,I recommend you what you saw
10,I'm so touched. It's fun.
10,I think my name is the second best Indian movie after Khan.  In the middle of the movie, one of the characteristics of Indian movies is the music dance, and without this, it seems to have been made well and the content was good.
10,It's the first time that a treadmill feels short
8,Just by looking at the changes in Amir Khan's weight and body shape, you can see why he is a great actor. The passion and effort you put into a movie... She also has a lot of training in the roles of actresses who are daughters. It is so different from a wrestling-themed movie that has just been released. Reflect on Korean movies that eat raw with Shinpa comedy
10,When you look at it, it's in your head. Frustration!
10,Alizwell was the best Indian film I've ever seen and Danggal is no less.
9,Like an Indian movie, the running time is long. But it's not boring. It's not like an Indian movie. Group dance is not the center of attraction. It's cool! It's fun.
10,Please increase the number of theaters ㅠㅠ Not a weird movie
10,I cried and laughed so much that I almost got hair on my butt.
10,India is good at making movies. Scenario, character, song, screen composition, nothing is missing. It was more fun and thrilling than Infinity War.
10,It was great that my mother and father, who have two daughters and a son who exercise on Parents' Day, sympathized with each other and enjoyed watching it It was more than I expected
10,I was so upset that if I focus on a flashy screen like Avengers, I'll forget about my complicated heart for a while. I saw the person in front of me and changed it suddenly. It was really healing. I'm touched I feel like I'm destined to me ㅜㅜ
10,It's just fun. It's really fun. Sometimes you need to believe what you feel in your heart. More than any new technology, I'm infinitely moved that father and daughter trust is the cornerstone of their dreams
10,The story is very touching. I really enjoyed watching it without being bored. It's definitely the best movie I've seen lately!
10,It's so different from a wrestler. ㅜㅜ
10,The best Indian movie I want to remember forever!Fatherly love, music, true story, energetic development!
10,India, woman and my hero
10,It's a movie I want to keep forever. I think I can cheer up if I take it out when I'm depressed or tired.
10,The best movie I've seen recently.I watched it with my middle school daughter and she said it was one of the best 3 movies of her life.It's a pity that there aren't many audiences because we didn't promote it, so there aren't many theaters.You won't regret it.
9,Should I say it's kind of obvious but not obvious? Even though it was a long running time, it was not boring at all. The Ost was a good harmony with the video, and it was very addictive, but it was a bit disappointing that it was not on Melon.crying
10,Best movie I've seen recently
10,I thought it was an obvious story, but it wasn't boring and touching
10,20OOO best movie ever!
10,I saw it with my dad's smile. Good
10,I cried hard with ㅠㅠ.I almost danced to the songs in the hallwaycrying
8,You have a lot of elements that you need for commercial films.^^ And the scenery of India and the unique excitement of India...
10,Make sure to watch it. It's crazy fun
1,You can't trust the ratings of Indian movies.Because Indian movies have a lot of weird suckers, so I can't believe it. Mind you, Indian movies are just worth watching, but it's a waste of money to watch
10,It's a really impressive movie
10,It's the best movie ever. Good, good
10,It was much more fun than the Avengers. It was the most impressive movie I've seen recently seen I wanted to go to the bathroom for a long time, but I focused on it for a long time I really recommend it to the point where I wonder if my concentration was this good.
10,As expected, "Fan ID"... It's a movie that has the best combination of touching, fun, and tension!
10,It's so fun and touching ^^ It's a really good movie.
10,If it's totally fun, the Avengers would be fun, but honestly, if this was more fun, I don't want Thanos's golden armor to be cut off...
10,It's exactly 100 times more fun than Avengers.Movie that I want to watch with my daughters again!
10,His unique sense of humanity is related to the true story, so he became more immersedNot only Amir Khan but also his daughters are so good at acting that the movie is very completeI'm going to watch it again before I get off
10,I watched it more than three times. It's the best movie with all the feminist messages and impressions!
10,I have another favorite movie
10,I hope this kind of movie will be a hit^^
10,It was fun! Indian-style movies are interesting
10,It was so good!
10,I like the message I'm trying to deliver. The actors are so good at acting and the song is greatㅠㅠㅠㅠ A movie that I really want to watch a few more times ㅠㅠ 웃고 I cried, laughed, and repeated itㅠㅠ 근데 But I'm sad that there aren't many movie theaters. ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Confusing. Confusing
10,A movie about family love and women.The song is really good
10,It is a true hero in an era where water overflows with heroes. Everyone, watch the best movie ever. You are the star of "Three Idiots."
9,A film whose music has awakened the charm of good Indian films.My family all liked that they saw a good movie.
10,I loved "Three Idiots" too.
10,It's a touching and must-see movie.
10,Two and a half hours passed. I like it
10,I'd rather say it a hundred times, but please let it slideIt's a loss for those who don't watch it. It's the best
10,Maybe because I've worked out as a wrestler for five years, my body flinched every time I saw the stadium. It's getting hard. It was based on big skills, but I could see how hard the actors worked. It is really the best movie. I want to wrestle again.
10,It was so much fun and I lost track of time
10,It's really really fun. Make sure to watch itㅠㅠ Crying and laughing...  I'll go watch it again.
9,It's fun. Yes.
10,For the country. Thank you
10,It was a bit long. A movie that made me realize my father's true love
10,It's the best! This movie will be worth more than 10 million!
10,I didn't expect much, but I just watched it. If I hadn't watched it, I would have missed a masterpiece. ㅠㅠ It's my favorite movie It made me feel family love, tension, emotion, and lingering emotionsMake sure to watch it. Really
10,It was a perfect movie from start to finish
10,I saw it todayIt's a real story that was so touching and made me sweat
10,Wrestling was such an attractive and wonderful sport!
10,Throughout the movie, we lost track of time and moved together It is a must-see movie for educators who will raise real athletes
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters. I hope more people watch good movies like Danggal! Crumbling~ I keep humming
10,I really enjoyed it It's touching
10,Indian movies are really fun. It's so touching and fun
10,More fun than the champion than the Infinity War! I really recommend it! I've never known Indian movies to be this fun!
10,There was no place to show it, so I went to other regions to watch it. Even though I was looking forward to it, I got goosebumps all the time (especially when the OST came out), and it wasn't a sad scene where anyone died, but I cried about three times  Actually, it was obvious because it was a sports movie, but the acting and directing made it more obvious
10,Please watch it! Just watch!
10,A masterpiece! A true sports movie of two hours and 40 minutes is fast gone.I really enjoyed watching it
10,I dare say it was the best movie of the year. It was so much fun^^
6,I thought I was watching a movie from the 90s in Korea. So fragmented, so distracting
10,(Singing "Dang-gal-gal-gal?(?ω˘)?) (Singing "Dang-gal-gal-gal?(?ω˘)?)
10,It's so much fun~~ It's something that women can relate to more
10,I watched it with my mom and she said it was fun and pleasant Directing, acting, and story are all the best!
10,Indian movies are really attractive. The songs that come out in between are addictive. The storyline is fun, sad, and touching. Everyone needs to watch this Make sure you watch it It's not boring over two hours
10,It was a movie that revealed the emotions of the main characters in the music, and it was a long time, but I watched it without knowing the time was passing, holding my breath like I was watching a real wrestling match.
7,The music was very attractive. The story was rather cliche and boring
10,Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
8,a delightful sports film based on a true story
10,Actually, I didn't expect much. The best... The best!
10,All the acting in the story OST was the best Amir Khan is the truth. I really want to go watch it again
8,Showing the Power of Indian National Film!
10,It's a movie that makes you laugh and cry, and it's fun and fun
1,The score is high Let's turn it down
10,The best ㅠㅠ actors' acting was excellent
10,Recommended for those who enjoyed Indian movies such as Three Idiots
10,Best movie I've seen in years! A movie comparable to the Avengers. This good movie has a cumulative audience of 60,000 people. It's a movie that deserves two zeros. I asked for an increase in the number of theaters in the Megabox I use. Many people should watch this good movie.
10,Well-made opening hall is too small.Please extend it
10,I didn't expect much from the movie, but it's more fun than the Avengers
8,I want to see it with good ratings, but there are no theaters. ㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,As expected, Amir Khan. What a great movie!!! Laughing and crying. I'm glad I saw you at the movie theater
10,Best movie. The future of the movie market is in India
9,It was a touching movie
10,If Indian movies are really fun, MOA, because of the characteristics of Indian movies, they are fun except for singing and loud things
10,(Singing "Dang-gal-gal-gal?(?ω˘)?) (Singing "Dang-gal-gal-gal?(?ω˘)?)
10,It's the best!It is a pity that the reality of struggling in movie theaters occupied by the Avengers is sad.I hope we can increase the number of theaters and screenings to provide more people with the opportunity to enjoy this good movie.Danggal~ Danggal~~~ An addictive melody.
10,Girls, be ambitious
10,28 Days of Star Purification = 220,000 Days of Mother Til Nokcheon 1 Day of Gyoldamura Squirrel Appears 5 Days of Bread Spherical Dongho Picnic 6 Days of Gyollebberger 2rCleble 3> 0Toronto Ttareungi Played from 6-month old man to old manThey finally win and say they're proudDanggal ♬
10,I thought it would be boring since it's 160 minutes, but it just flew byI was nervous when I watched it.I was so moved that I watched it with tears in my eyes.10 points. 100 points.Good
10,It was fun and touching throughout the movie.The audience was screaming and clapping like they were watching a wrestling finalHaha
10,I had a hard time watching it because of the running timeㅠㅠ From India's point of view, it is a very moving and meaningful movie!
10,a heart-throbbing and passionate film
10,The little guitar cried when it was fighting with a boy. I was deeply immersed in the young guitar that fought against the world full of prejudice and harassment with the female body.More than anything, I can't forget the young guitar's eyes. It's a well-made movie.
10,Director Mourinho's charisma!As expected, special one!I really enjoyed watching it
10,I can't believe I can give you this much fun and touching story...
10,Sports are sacred. "Fight the World for Your Daughters" That's touching.
10,Crashing! It's a masterpiece Strongly recommend
10,It's 11 out of 10.
10,I met my favorite movie. I can't get out of my head even after a few days of watching the scene created by the dashing theme song and the passionate performance of the main characters. A very intense encounter with Bollywood. I really recommend it. It's so touching and fun, but there's no theater
10,I didn't expect much but it was so much fun! Crumbling
10,It is far superior to Korean films that change only the main characters with similar formats and Hollywood blockbuster films covered with CG based on huge investments. Through this movie, I realized that the level of Indian films is no longer a sufficient quality that ends with satisfaction in the Indian domestic market.
10,I'm touched. It's funny
10,It was the best. I want to learn wrestling.
10,God movie, "Dang-gal-gal". Watch "Dang-gal"
10,I saw it twice. a movie worth a second look at
10,It was more fun than the Avengers
10,Look at the way the three idiots have built up their bodies
10,I always trust and watch Amir Khan's movies. I'm glad and thank you for releasing it in Korea!
10,It's been a long time since I clapped after a movieIt's a great movie
10,It was so funny and I cried a lot. There's no time to be bored and the song is fun. I strongly recommend it
10,That's the best! ㅇㅅㅇ!10 points
10,It was fun, it was touching, it was cool. I think it's a masterpiece!~~
9,Although there was something that could already predict the result due to the nature of Indian movies, it was so immersive that I was able to put strength on my body and watch the movie, and the song and wit made me forget the long movie time. And beyond the framework of the patriarchy, the message of the movie itself is a good movie.
9,That's great. But it's not good to be coercive
10,I think I wrestled with the main characters for two and a half hours and cried with them. Why are there fewer theaters than wrestlers?Shaking
7,It's okay, but compared to the Indian movie I saw before, it's a little... Weakness
10,It's a masterpiece. I recommend it
9,It was a long running time, but it was unbearably fun!
10,Please increase the number of theaters. truth
10,Make sure to watch it. It's so much fun
10,It's a fun and touching movie!
10,Touching! I finished the movie and recorded DanggalostIt was a great movie, but it was better than I expected!160 minutes isn't a long time at all! Korean Theater Shows Good Movies!Thank you for letting us share a hobby~~
10,It's both touching and fun. I didn't miss a single moment of it. The best movie! I have to trust Amir Khan's KhanHaha
10,I sincerely hope that such a jewel-like film will do better than the childish hero that monopolized the theater. I enjoyed it so much with my wife.
10,Indian movies are all interestingI won't regret this movie
10,I logged in to NAVER to get a score.
10,My friend who went with me said that he saw time and fell asleepGuy cried more than I did when he said he wanted to watch a movieThere's no time to get bored and I thought he was a real wrestler
10,The guitar didn't win alone, but all the girls won. I hope Korean women children, not women children around the world, will see Danggal. You can make nice, comfortable shortcuts, build muscles, and roll around on the sand floor!
8,It fits so well with Korean sentiment
10,Recommended! A real movie that's more moving and solid than Aven!
10,When did three hours pass?
10,I'm so happy that I can watch this movieㅠㅠ That heavy and not too much acting... You're the best!
10,A fun and cool movie with comedy and emotion.
10,Frustration. Frustration
9,Wow, that's a masterpiece. It's compared to a sloppy movie about arm wrestling. People clapped and cried inside the movie theater
10,I love it. I love it
10,No more Korean gangster movies, fish roe soup movies
10,It's fun. Dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-dang-gal exercise
10,Make sure you watch it. I highly recommend it, especially for parents with daughters
10,I feel like I watched it for three hours. More than that, it was touching that he did not give up even though it would not have been easy in the environment.
9,Bollywood joining hands with Disney, this kind of movie?
10,I watched a good movie after a long time
10,It motivated me and it was fun Make sure to watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,As a person who exercised, there were a lot of parts that gave me goosebumps. I think it was a very impressive movie
9,Please increase the number of theatersㅠㅠ Does this good movie make sense that the theater is tiny? The running time was long, but it wasn't boring considering it was long. It's kind of obvious, but who cares? The main characters, Guitar and Bibita, are cool.
10,I've never heard of the movie title before, but I heard that three idiots' Amir Khan is coming out, and I watched the movie after a long time
8,India's First Female Wrestling Gold Medalist Made a Real Story into a MovieIt's been more than 2 hours, but time flies so fast.Pay attention to the music!
7,It's just a movie worth watching. I think the rating is too high
10,2 hours and 40 minutes went by so quickly...The immersion level is no joke
10,Even though the running time was long, it wasn't boring at all and I was immersed in it Make sure to watch this movie!
10,The best movie I've seen in recent years
10,I had so many tears switches and two people who practiced guitar and wrestling got tired, so when the movie ended, I got muscle pain like lingering emotions. The contents of the movie were so good and it was a woman-centered movie that I couldn't believe that it was an Indian movie. Coolness itself
10,The film is well organized. Maybe that's why the long time isn't boring at all.
10,As expected, Amir Khan! I love you> - <♥
10,When a guitar loses to a man, it's not because he's weak because he's a woman, but because he's weak, he needs protein. I felt a lot of things when the scene came out
10,This is the movie! Make sure you watch it. I think their efforts should pay off
10,I'm not kidding. As soon as I came out of the movie theater, I booked a movie the next day and went to see it again with my family. Even though I watched the same movie for two days in a row, the urgency was no joke and it was really fun. A really good movie.
10,a film of film qualityIt is a movie that is meaningful in many ways.
10,Good. The best movie. The touching itself
10,The audience is really crazy... Please show me more ㅠㅠ movies like this
9,It was my first Indian movie, but I really enjoyed it. The actress' wrestling skills are excellent. It's like a real battle.
10,Make sure to watch Danggal! The music is good and the story is touching
10,Make sure you watch it I'm so immersed in it. ㅜㅜ
10,There weren't many theaters, so I looked far away and watched it, but I enjoyed it without regret. I strongly recommend it!
10,The movie of my life. I can't express it in words.100 stars! I really want to go to India
10,Starting today, I'm going to get stronger by exercising my muscles Crumbling
10,A movie that is interesting even though it can predict the ending
10,It was well made as a movie. I didn't know wrestling would be this fun
10,It's so much fun. It's so much fun from the beginning to the end. There is no need for words.
10,It's a long movie, but it's so fun and touching that it doesn't get boring.
10,It's so touching. The time isn't boring
10,A warm and pleasant movie after a long time
10,I wish the narrative of r guitar and babita would have been more highlighted
10,I think it's going to be my life movie!
10,I think it's a movie that explains why Bollywood movies are great. I think Indian movies with musical elements are the best.
10,Children are especially excited when they come out
10,The song is good. If you don't look forward to it, it's satisfaction. If your expectations are high, it's just normal
10,It's a movie that makes you look for Indian movies again
10,Life movie. Why is Korean movie so bad? Movie that feels short time. I watched it yesterday, but today I watch it again
10,I didn't even know it was 2 hours and 40 minutes long! Even though the message of this movie is clear, don't pretend you don't know...When I watch other movies, I don't say anything but mainstream movies Let's not be too picky about moral integrity when we mess with minority issues at this way^^
10,After watching Danggal today, I realized that the world is changing to the point where there's a movie like this in India ㅠㅠ I remember what my friend said to the guitar and Babita when she got married.
10,It's a female narrative that's a deficit in patriarchy, but on the other hand, I wonder if it's a bad thing
10,The best. I watched it late at night because there weren't many theaters. If I didn't, I would have regretted it. If you'd increase the number of theaters. We should watch good things together.
10,The reason why she opposes chicken is that 90 percent of Hindus are vegetarians. It's something that the gods are going to be vegetarians. Women, in particular, are more vegetarian.
10,The song is really good and I lost track of time.This is a movie that I want to give 10 or 100 stars
5,I knew this would happen, but...
10,It's the best movie. It's a movie that made me feel like it's been less than an hour. It's a movie with touching comic music and so on
10,I watched it without much expectation, but it's the best movie
10,True story. I found Danggal much more fun and touching than INFINITE Avenger. Danggal is a wrestling movie that fights love and discrimination between women.
10,I can see why the comments say it's a real hero, not a virtual hero. My father and brother came to mind all the time.
10,Why don't you watch Danggal? I think I've never seen such a forced family movie.The directing is terrible. The last scenes are the best
10,It's the best! Thank you so much! Recommend.
10,It's a movie that's as interesting as three idiots and will remain in your mind for a long time
10,I'm a man in his 30s, and I shed tears because my father's love and sincerity and my daughters knew and were grateful.   If I knew I'd cry like this, I should've brought some tissues.
10,The best movie ever! Too bad I'm buried in Avengers.
10,Crusty! Crusty!The rhythm that people who watched the movie will automatically sing along from the beginning^^ The most touching part was the internal conflict and harmony between the family caused by the eldest daughter, who left the father's family and changed after encountering a new way.The daughter, who is back to her original mind, becomes earth and earth (terra) with all her vanity
10,a movie worth watching after a long period of time
10,The introduction part of the song, which plays a dangling song, was also exciting, but I had to endure the fact that I wanted to get up suddenly when the song was on the surface of the guitar stadium. Two hours and forty minutes were not boring at all.
10,It's fun. It's a well-made movie. It's touching, and it makes you think that you can turn someone's teaching upside down
10,The girls I've seen together are the best and they're having fun It's a movie I'm going to show my daughters
10,The father here never touches his daughter even in the existing scene where he is likely to hit her. Throughout the long running time, he never checked the time and laughed a lot throughout the movie theater. I want to see it again, so please increase the number of theaters.
10,It's really fun. I don't like movies, but even when I'm tired, I enjoyed watching it without feeling boredMy mother really liked it and it is a good movie to watch with my family
10,I couldn't pick one part. It was so good that I couldn't say
10,Those who are close to the examination, please don't take it.Don't worry, don't worry
10,It's a movie that makes you think about what's inside
10,Trust me. Please
10,You're the best. I'm going to see you're the best! Danggal is the best ㅜㅜ
10,Including the child actors, all the actors acted so wellIt was an opportunity to feel moved and comedy, and to look back on my dreams and my family~~
10,Movies that must be seen in Korea these days! I am angry at the reality that there are no theaters and I can't watch them even if I want to. It's a big movie that can be the top box office hit even if there are many theaters. Make sure to watch it!
10,He criticized Indian society well and filmed the game well with urgency. It's even fun. Crumbling
10,I love it. It's so touching
9,A movie with touching and fun
10,Why are there so few movie theaters where movies that are fun and impressive at the same time are good?
10,The song is very exciting. The running time was long, but I didn't get tired and enjoyed it
10,It's too bad that I can only give you 10 points. You can trust and watch Amir Khan!
10,The long movie time passed by in an instant^^ I've never known wrestling is this exciting. It's so touching, fun, and funny. It's all mixed upBest ^^
10,That's the best. You can see why the ratings are so high.
10,If you don't see it, you'll regret it.It's a moving movie that doesn't get bored for a moment and has a lot to learn.I really recommend Amir Khan, an actor you can trust.
10,It's really funI found a fun movie after a long timeGood
10,I thought my heart was going to explode.I was laughing and crying, and I was really touched.It was a memorable movie.Guitar, barbitta, and my dad is so cool♡
10,It's beyond the best movie of my life that makes me search for an actor named Amir Khan. Such a great work deserves praise I strongly recommend it
10,It makes you know why Amir Khan is a national actor and believes and sees his work.It's a good movie because the actors' efforts to control their weight are great and based on a true story
10,It's the movie of my life. There is no need for words.
10,I want to watch it at the theater, but there's no theater
8,Lesson: A standard movie with laughter, touching dance, and songs.
10,It was a story about human will and growth. I highly recommend it
1,It's a lot more fun than the champion
10,I've seen almost 100 Indian movies, and they're one of the top 10 movies, and they're definitely Amir Khan
10,Don't forget to watch it at the movie theater Crumbling
10,A movie that I want to give more than five stars!
10,It was so refreshing At the end, I think I solved the problem with sweet potatoes thanks to the directions of my father who fights on his own. It's a movie that makes you want to fight the world with a short cut. GCDA!!!!
10,The movie ㅠㅠ I was so into it that I could only give you 10 and watched it, and the song, acting, and the content were all perfect. I am glad that I saw the last movie while getting off quickly in a small town.
10,I was worried about the burdensome 3 hours of running time, but I think I watched it well. I cried, got goosebumps, and was amazed by the movie with my friend. I don't know why there are so few movie theaters
10,It was so much fun. It was like 2 hours and 3 hours. Time went by so fast. The guitar was so cool.It's funny in the beginning but touching in the end...Crumbling
10,I really enjoyed watching it while crying and laughing.
10,I really enjoyed watching it^^* It was touching and the music was good
10,Seriously... I was so overwhelmed the whole time I watched it Flustered! A movie that makes you want to shout. Despite the long running time, which was close to three hours, it felt rather short. 오늘 I took the first round today and I will take the third round no matter what. I want to say hello to all of you Crumbling
10,Amir Khan... became more handsome than the three idiots.  I think you can call me the god of acting. The story is good, the acting is good, and the lyrics in the music are really It's fun ^^
10,I didn't know it was 3 hours long! I like Indian movies, but Danggal doesn't have frequent singing scenes that are unique to Indian movies, and it's not over-reacting, it's fun and touching. I don't like sports, but I've watched wrestling matches with my hands sweaty
10,Can I have the theater...I'll increase it... It's a lot more fun than the Avengers.
1,The rating is so high that I need to reduce it.
10,The best! The movie that you don't want to miss! It is a work that combines fun and emotion at the same time. Theater, I wish I had more time.
10,There's no opening these days, so I've been watching movies filled with hero movies and CGs, and I've been watching a movie with only directing and storytelling for the first time in a while. It was so much fun. It's really the best movie in years, not boring at all for 3 hours, and it's immersive. Preconceived notions about Indian movies
10,It was nice to see you with your family! My dad especially liked it. :)
9,I like the music. Touching movie
10,It's a movie that's sad that time goes by
9,Crumbling~ Crumbling~ All is well~ Crumbling~ Crumbling~
10,♪ The screening time was not good and the seats were bad, but I don't regret watching it at the movie theater
10,I watched a proper movie after a long time. It was a long running time of 2 hours and 40 minutes and I didn't know anything about wrestling, but I enjoyed it so much until the end without losing my immersion. Amir Khan, more familiar to us by the name Rancho. The second great start.
10,I'm so, so touched! The liveliness that I saw on the field without being bored.Thrilling. I think I will remember the music as a great movie.
10,Make sure to watch it! 3t hours passed so quickly
10,I'm a man and I'm crying a lot.
10,I felt the spirit of perseverance and challenge of women who set their goals high and did not give up until the end, and these lessons are full of fun. Danggal danggal~ The background music and colorful, exciting and tense wrestling scenes are a big attraction and you can know about wrestling, so I recommend it!
10,Oh, it's not boring at all! I strongly recommend it
10,Indian songs are not understood by the head, but by the heart
10,Laughing makes me cryTears of emotion last longer. It's a movie that I want to show to my adolescent children. Good ^^
10,A movie that lowered the expectations very much with a preconceived notion of an Indian movie, but turned the expectations upside down afterwards!!!  Of course, there are a few missing elements of probability, but it's a great movie where you laugh, cry, and long running time is not burdensome at all.  I hope the number of theaters will increase
10,Even though it was the longest running time I've ever seen in my life, I didn't get bored and I got emotional while watching it, and I think I saw a really interesting movie after a long time.
10,A movie that makes your life healthy!
10,It's so much fun. Oh my gosh ㅠㅠ
10,Nearly three hours felt like half an hour. He's so into it
10,Indian movies are fun, too. Good!
10,I feel like I became an Amir Khan fan Three Idiots' Danggal is the best! You should've seen Danggal earlier. It's sad that there's no theater for the 23rd episodeㅠ
10,I just got out of here and I'm more than touched by three idiots. It's too bad there aren't many theatersㅜㅜ This is for everyone to see!! The Avengers was fun, but it was hard to recommend it to anyone who didn't know the series, but I strongly recommend it to watch it.
10,You'll know when you come to the river.
10,I saw Dangal for the first time and remembered it for a few days, so I saw him twice, and I felt the same emotion again. Fathers and daughters are so lovely...The actors who trained in wrestling did a great job.
10,(Singing "Fall in Love")
10,A movie that made me scream all day long
1,What's this?  The movie has a rating of 7 or so.
10,You must watch it. It's fun
10,It's so touching.a must-see movie
10,One of the most interesting movies I've seen in recent years and one of the best.
10,Long running time doesn't make you bored
10,It's really long, but it's not boring at all.
10,Confusing, confounding, confounding!
10,I really enjoyed watching it. It's a movie worth visiting even if the time and opening are small.
9,Although I was uncomfortable with my father's coercive appearance in the beginning, it was not that I didn't understand his attitude considering the status of an Indian woman. I didn't know wrestling was such a thrilling sport, properly entertaining. I really enjoyed it thinking about the society in Korea.
10,It's a movie that's fun and touching! The running time was long, but I lost track of time and watched it! I hope many people enjoy this movie
10,The Rotten Tomatoes Index, a famous overseas movie rating site, is 92.It's a movie that combines artistry and entertainment!I want to say that it is the most fun movie in theaters and the best family movie that parents and children like! Shaking~ Shaking~
10,It's like watching a crazy movie, a 20-minute short film
10,I don't know what to say. The sugar itself. Applause to the actor and director!
10,The best! The best! Make sure to watch it!
10,Well-made sports movie. It's Indian Gukppong, but it's touching
10,It's so touching. Indian movies are the best  I strongly recommend it
10,I watched Indian movies because I liked them, but this is just a masterpiece. I wasn't interested in wrestling at all, but I watched this movie with my hands sweating. Children, adults, and actors are really good at acting!
10,It's so touching and fun. It's an Indian movie with a random dance song. It does come out once, but it's possible that it's a random... L
10,It's not boring at all. It's a masterpiece of my life
10,I want to eat Indian curry LOL
10,It's the best. Everyone should watch it. Especially if it's a woman
10,Please extend the time for the movie theaterA movie that I don't want to miss a moment of touching fun
10,I strongly recommend it. It was a movie where you can feel all the emotions, laughter, tension, and family love in a long time. 161 minutes of running time was not boring at all. I learned that ssireum is such a fun event. I strongly recommend it in more theaters.
10,I can't help but scream after watching it! Not only is there no love line, but it makes your hands sweat like you're watching a real game. I watched this movie once a day at the theater, so I was satisfied. I was satisfied. If you can watch it, I highly recommend watching it at the theater!
10,I went all the way to the far neighborhood to see Danggal and took a taxi home at dawn. And never regret the trouble. Crumbling
10,A sports movie ^^
10,Everyone, make sure to watch it!
10,I watched it with sweat in my hands. Make sure you watch it
10,It's the best. I just saw it and I want to see it again.
10,What a touching and fun trick! The music is good, and the acting scenario is perfect. Movie of the Year! Praise the four female actors who play Amir Khan and his daughters.
10,It's really fun. I watched it twice, but it's fun to watch it again. Indian movies are so good
10,This movie is dedicated to the Ice Association.
10,We're here to fight! Danggalgal ♬ Rampage and Avengers, but the movie with all the fun and touching lessons is Danggal!  It's the most fun. I strongly recommend it!
9,I even suspected that the actual screening time was 160 minutes after the movie.It's so much fun!
10,It's the best...The movie theater is so commercialized that it only shows what makes money, and the movie that needs to be recognized and made money is ruined The reason why movies don't have as many masterpieces as they did in the past is because of the deficit Let's ban the exclusive use of theaters.
10,It's so immersive. It's my first Indian movie, but it's so fun and touching
10,Your efforts will never betray you.
10,(Singing "Fall in Love")Sweet and sour!
10,A movie that couldn't be more perfect. Picking out the problems of Indian society, I didn't miss both fun and touching!
9,I really enjoyed watching it at the premiere, so I wanted a lot of people to watch it, but it's too bad that it's going to get off the theater. Please increase the number of theaters! If word of mouth goes viral, it's a movie that can go up in the charts. If you haven't seen it, please watch it. I have no regrets
10,I enjoyed watching it.  It's hard to find a theater because of the Avengers.ㅜㅜ
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it for quite a long time.   I was so focused that I forgot to go to the bathroom.  I want to feel the fun and emotion of the movie again with my family.
10,As expected, Amir Khan!
10,I'm a movie mania who watches an average of 50 to 60 movies every year for decades. How many years has it been since I saw such a good movie? I hope we can increase the number of screens in the theater so that more people can see this good movie.
10,It was fun. I want to watch it again
10,It's a really interesting movie with fun and touching moments.
10,I really enjoyed watching the Indian movie, "The Three Idiots", and it's funHahaha
9,It was fun to watch The last curry pong is a bit disappointing... It's like watching the Indian national team.
9,I never thought I'd enjoy watching sports movies like this. It was a movie full of family love and tension!!!
9,I was nervous, but there was no scene where a passerby joined in singing and dancing.^^I didn't know at first, but I was twice as touched when I saw the story of true story in the ending credit.
10,A movie where long running times are rarely boring. It's too bad that there aren't many theaters and it's not a time when many people can watch it.
10,It's a great movie. It's so touching.
10,They worked so hard to make it...The story, the music, the overall flow of the movie. It's a high-quality movie.I got refreshed after watching the movie.
10,I hope a lot of people watch itI strongly recommend this movie.
10,The stadium was full of excitement, and the exciting music was always pleasant.  Indian movies were also works that I felt had objects. I definitely recommend it.
10,I've watched thousands of movies, but it's my first time being moved by a drama like this. You know what I'm saying when you look at it like you're drinking water. Just look. Whoever you are, whatever position you are, will help.
10,Crumbling! A movie that can't be buried
9,I like movies, so I put up projects at home and watch this and that, but I think it's been a while since I've seen Danggal. It was Labor Day, so I sent my children to school, and after 10 years, I went to the movie theater with my wife and I had a lot of fun. No comparison to time-killing Hollywood
10,A true story that is more like a movie than a movie! The movie is also very interesting. It's really touching and fun. The Best Sports Movie! ^^
10,It was a heartbreaking time after watching a long drama that reminded me of my parents and children.Two hours and 40 minutes after watching the movie was a happy time and it was more exciting and real than watching the Olympics
8,I cried twiceㅜㅜ It's fun
10,It is a movie that depicts human victory without boredom, and I enjoyed watching it without knowing when time passed.
10,Indian movies seem to make good use of songs. The story was solid and I think I watched it well with impeccable concentration. It was a movie that lingered a lot.
10,This is what a movie is. This is what it is
10,It's worth crawling through the poor number of theaters
10,It's more fun and moving than the Avengers.
10,I had this thought while watching the movie. After the show ended, it got stuck during rush hour, so it doesn't matter if there's a lot of traffic. After watching the movie, I had this thought. Even if you go down from Seoul to Busan and watch this movie, you won't regret it.
10,There's no need for words. Danggal, danggal, danggal
10,Interesting...I watched it because I didn't have anything to watch. It was really fun.Make sure to watch it
10,We need more movies like this
10,I didn't know any wrestling, but I didn't know it lasted for 3 hours Meaningful movie. I can't believe such a good movie has such a short screening periodㅜㅜ
10,I lost track of time because I was crying and laughing. I'm so touched
9,It's a movie that makes you feel the love of your father's daughter
10,It was really fun. And I wanted a lot of kids to watch it
10,I cried and laughed throughout the movie. Indian music is really addictive. It's been a while since I watched a real movie.
10,Fighting prejudice, the real hero of the daughters, the father's inspiration.The running time doesn't feel long at all. I was touched and interested in the same way as my daughter in the 3rd year of middle school. Please increase the number of theaters. What do you mean, one screening in the morning?The music is good and the acting is good. I thought you were a real wrestler.
10,It's more touching because it's based on a true story  I strongly recommend it
2,It's not fun at all I don't like it
10,Father's great dream and the family's gold medal for overcoming the discriminatory gaze of society
4,I was so disappointed when I saw Naver's score was almost 10. It was obvious and there was no funny point.
8,ARMY fans can trust and watch this!
10,I don't feel bored for three hours. I shed tears of dragon emotion
9,It's a very good wrestling scene where the actors act well, handsome, sports success story, and at the same time, it's a women's rights film in India It's a long run-time, so please go to the bathroom in advance
10,It's really fun.If it's a stadium, it's the best!
10,It was to make my dream come true, but it seems like my family's dream came true
10,Indian movie that you can trust and watch
10,India is so good at making movies. jackpot
10,I'm just saying one word.It's 30 times better than the Avengers
10,It's a good movie. I'm so into it
10,As nervous as the Olympic wrestling match, spring lol I didn't expect the wrestling match to be this fun and tense in the movie
10,Make sure to watch it. These four words are enough.
10,No Boring Indian Film
10,The whole movie theater is clapping like watching the game
10,It's the best. :-) As it goes back, Jin~~~a touching and brilliant line.
10,If many people watched this movie, let's shout out ㅠㅠ together! Flustered
10,◆ There are countless climaxes in one movie!  ◆A movie with a unique philosophy of Indian cinema! ◆Musical music and dance double the fun and touching! ◆ 160 minutes is always interesting!
10,This is really fun
10,I lost track of time and watched it. The true story was all the more touching. I hope a lot of people watched this movie. My father is amazing and it's so touching and fun! I heard that the actors actually learned wrestling, so it's amazing! It still comes back to my mind because of the addictive song
10,The greatness of my father who fought the world was the most impressive. Even if it originates from greed at first, daughters eventually learn life from it and become strong. And it moves the world.There's really nothing you can't do if you're desperate. It is a movie that encourages you to do something that makes your heart race.
10,There is no theater due to the Avengers, so I will leave it on the way after watching it at Lotte late in the evening. It's too bad there aren't many theaters in CGV. I really recommend it! I recommend it again!
10,He's so funny. He's not saying much It's so much fun
10,It's the best movie where you can feel both fun and touching. The scene of the game was so real. I applaud the actors for their acting skills. Make sure to watch it! ^^
10,Well-made movie... I can't calm down easilyI bought a ticket to see you tomorrowI'm a fan of Marvel, but I think Danggal is more fun than Infinity War
10,A movie with laughter, tears, and emotion.I watched it for 2 hours and 40 minutes without feeling bored at all. It's the best!The songs in between were fun and impressive, and the actors' acting was good.The stadium is like watching a real gameA very interesting movie. I highly recommend it!
10,a thrilling and exhilarating wrestling movie
10,A movie with everything. Money and time are not a waste. A movie you want to recommend to your loved ones
10,It's a story of a really cool father and a really cool daughter. It's been a long time since I felt paternal love, but I was very touched while watching it. The movie I want to watch with my dad...
10,The best movie. There were no theaters, so I went all the way to see this. I didn't waste any time or money. I tried to watch it again tomorrow, but all of our area is gone; it's embarrassing. It hasn't even been released a week.
10,It was almost three hours of running time that you could feel the charm of Indian movies, and it was a movie that didn't pay off
10,I watched it today and it was really fun. The Avengers was fun, but Danggal was also fun. I'm sad that there aren't many theaters behind the Avengers.
9,It was fun. It's my first time to see a movie with Amir Khan since three idiots, and I enjoyed it as much as I did then.
10,Let's play a game! Flustered!
9,It's so much fun that you're amazed! The music is amazing, too
10,Even though the running time was long, it wasn't boring at all. It is a beautiful and touching movie that depicts the difficult achievement process in India, where women's rights are low.
10,The best movie. Danggal Amir
10,It's the best... It's ridiculous that there's not enough theaters. I've never been bored throughout the long running time, and the speed control is incredible, so I'm left laughing and crying...The best movie of the year for me. The issue of women's rights in India is similar to our country. Make sure to watch it.
10,Amir Khan, who you can trust and watch. The social critical message of discrimination against women, as well as the story and direction, is impeccable. I lost track of time and watched it well.
10,The movie that I watched without missing a moment reminded me of the Korea Skating Union when I saw a coach who wanted to steal the attention of a movie star who made me cry
10,Danggal. I saw it today. I've watched Avengers, but this movie doesn't make me feel bad for Avengers. It still lingers.Shaking~ Shaking~
10,At some point, you'll find yourself in love with the movie in my mouth  Everything was perfect
10,I really recommend this movie!I watched it without any expectations, and it was so good!Laughing and crying is the best!
10,If you have faith, you can do it! It's a good movie to watch comfortably
10,It's 10 yuan out of the movies I've seen.It was a good movie.I cried as a father with a daughter, and I don't know if I'm the main character.
10,I didn't even know how the 3 hours went by and I enjoyed watching it!
10,It's so much fun!ㅠㅠT
10,It's a really moving movie
10,A movie with a sense of emotion and love in a movie that breaks, fights and kills.The song is good, too! I laughed, cried, and enjoyed watching it! The main character's father's physical condition? It's a movie that touched me more because it wasn't CG
9,It's so much fun!! The running time is long, but there is no time to be bored. I was so immersed in watching it. It was my first time watching an Indian movie, and I got a good impression. I strongly recommend it!
10,It is a rare Indian movie that is not boring and impressive for 160 minutes.^^
10,(Singing "Baby Don't Like this
1,Feminism makes money
10,Family, sports, life, effort, achievement... A beautiful film with many values neatly packed in wonderful music and visual beauty.
10,It was a really good movie. The development of the movie was familiar in a way, but should I say that I like it better? Her message was good, her acting was good, and it was a movie that gave her a new perception of the sport of wrestling. I hope you all watch it at least once
10,I complained to my husband that I didn't want to watch Indian movies, but I'm sorry. If I didn't watch it, I would have regretted it forever. Time went by so quickly without a moment of boredom. I recommend it!
9,A well-made trick. I am a man, but I hope many men watch this movie and improve their perception of women.
10,It was fun and touching. I lost track of time
10,I really enjoyed watching it, and I decided to trust and watch Indian movies coming to Korea.2 hours and 30 minutes of running time was not boring at all! I watched it late at night, but it was so fun and touching. I strongly recommend it!
9,It was not just an athlete who burned his will.
10,It's the killing time at the movie theater. I'm happy to go out
10,Great acting, great director, and story that goes well with their unique music. The disappointment of bad luck, which was underrated because of the Avengers, is clearly the reason for the best box office success.I recommend you to watch it
10,Based on Amir Khan's true story, a very interesting and moving Indian wrestling story
10,The Best Masterpiece Hidden by Avengers
10,I can't see the light of this masterpiece because of the screen monopoly.
10,It's fun. I hope you watch it
10,In a word, Jjang-Wow is awesome. It's really~~~
10,I was laughing and crying and lost track of time.
10,It is healing when tired and hopeful when collapsed. And tears of emotion are filled.
10,As expected, the Indian movie that came to Korea is a masterpiece among masterpieces because only the best of the best is crossed.
10,It's a waste of money. It's the best concentration
10,I think it's even better if you think about the culture of India. It's good to express discrimination against women in India's own way with father's love and strength of women. I really like crab meat salad! As expected, Amir Khan is trust and watch! It's amazing that Babita and the guitar actors are rookies!
8,Indian movies are boring with obvious developments and forced smiles.But it's fun^^
10,It's a good movie. At first, I was surprised by the running time of 2 hours and 40 minutes, but I lost track of time. If it weren't for Avengers, it wouldn't be a movie that would have been buried. It's a shame.
10,It's the best. It's a lot more fun than the Avengers
10,Indian movies are fun.Although it is simple and expected to have sufficient results, I once again sympathize with the fact that basic human love for trusting and loving my family is in common around the world.
10,LOL I can relate to the long running time. But I found out after looking at the clock on my way home. If there is a movie like this in our country, it is a pity that there are many people who can't watch it because there are not many movie theaters or time. 사람이 The movie is touching and fun.Anyway, take a look
10,It's not a movie that can be buried in the Avengers ㅠㅠ ha haha
10,Indian movies that you can trust and watch! I hope you watch it
8,Perfect for a family movie. The 2 hours and 40 minutes running time wasn't boring at all Haha
10,Don't compare yourself to the Avengers.
10,Crying and laughing. I'm so touched. The best movie
10,I watched it without any expectations. I'm getting touched~~^^
10,It was so much fun
10,It's a movie that's really touching and hard for your hands
10,I'm so immersed in the movie that I've been focusing on throughout the movie. It was funny because there were people clapping at the last winning scene
10,For two and a half hours, it was not boring at all and it was so much fun.
10,Indian sports movie that seems familiar but different from Korea. Make sure you watch it at the theater.
10,This is the best Really!!
10,Danggal is not only visible, but also high-quality music. This movie is a comprehensive art
10,Touching, love, passion?I strongly recommend movies that give you meaningful time
10,At a time when the debate on feminism is so high, it's only a week long in a limited theater, and you're afraid that you're going to be ruined because you're not going to be able to do you three idiots This movie should be seen in the movie theater. You can never feel this excitement by downloading it illegally at home.
10,I watched it in a really funny way I want to see you again
10,The movie I gave 10 points for is the first time. It's a story, acting, and video... It's a perfect piece of work without missing anything. ㅜㅜ You're the best
10,It's so much fun. It's touching.I highly recommend it.
10,This is why I watch a movie.
10,I recommend touching and funny songs
8,Good for the whole family to see. a family story
10,Laughter, touching moments, and lifeMake sure to watch it. 10
10,It's so fun, touching, and exciting. I don't know why there aren't many places that show this great movie ㅜㅜ
10,It's really touching and it's not obvious~ I strongly recommend it~
10,The movie that I watched with so much immersion that I didn't know whether I was watching a real game or a real game like a real athlete! It was a really fun movie that felt like a long time with both fun and emotion.
10,I am crying because I am moved.
10,The leading actors in Hollywood's best sports movies are showing off their real player-level performances, as well as some Korean actors who are bluffing and officials from the Ice Skating, swimming, and volleyball federation officials should watch it
10,I laugh and cry while watching it alone. I nod and get surprised because I can relate to it.I'm glad I watched it alone. It's a good movie
10,Danggalgalgal - Danggalgalgal - I really want to see you with my family later
10,Bollywood that you can trust and see. The calm emotions are rushing like waves
10,I don't know why there aren't many theaters showing interesting movies...Thanks to you, I rented a house and watched it gracefully
10,I didn't know wrestling was such a fun spoiler!
10,Touching and fun! It's a great movie to make-believe movie!It's the best!
10,It was exciting for almost three hours.It leaves a deep impression and shivers behind, but above all, it's really cool!!! I liked how it feltIt's a pity that this movie is not getting attention because of the Avengers!!I vote for Danggal over Avengers!
10,Fun, touching and realistic women's wrestling matches. A very well-made true story!
10,It's full of fun, touching, and fun! It's so much fun that the running time passes quickly!!!
10,They don't give us a rating, but we need to give this
10,It was a movie that I suddenly watched with a friend. It was so much fun ㅠㅠ도 I'm so moved that I can't help but cry. There are a lot of funny parts. ㅜㅜ It's really the best. Make sure to watch it! As expected, Indian movies!
10,I didn't know Indian movies were this fun 재It's fun and touching. It's the best
10,True story Touching true story It's a really cool and interesting movie If there was even one boredom, I'm sure it's true. This is why I watch sports movies. I really don't know Indian movies, but this is real
10,It was so much fun! The story is predictable, but it's touching in the prediction.I strongly recommend it!
10,The running time was so long that I couldn't feel it at all. It was the best! It was the best! I clapped without realizing it. Spring is the best
9,Exciting songs, growing stories, action and direction, and Amir Khan's performance without lines! The only drawback is that the movie is long and my legs are numb. Indian movies need intermission like in the local area :)
10,It's fun and not boring!
10,It is a great movie. It will motivate students to watch it.
10,Throughout the movie, I realized the level of immersion and contentOther than Marvel movies, I'm sleepy whenever I see subtitles, but I didn't yawn once and it was fun. I hope it becomes popular
10,It's Jo On Jam. Just look
9,It was a little far-fetched to see the arbitrary patriarch and the situations that forced unconditional obedience of children - but the absurdity, prejudice, limitations, and corruption of India planted in between were not the director's real stories. A very appropriate movie that goes well with Korean sentiments!
8,It's an Indian movie, but it's easy to access with just one group dance, and even though it's a sports movie, Indian women's rights and family love are mixed, and was thrilling game wrestling such an interesting event? Additional points. Is Shinpa a global sentiment? You said it's a true story, but what's wrong with it? a deduction for
9,I really enjoyed watching it. I realized that this movie took a long time after I came out of the movie. The best sports movie ever
10,It's really fun and touching. I'm happy to see a good movie after a long timeWhen I look at the stadium, my hands sweat. It's a long running time, but it's not boring at allI strongly recommend it
10,Wow, I was really satisfied.If I didn't watch this week and watched Infinity War, I would have regretted it a lot!
8,10 letters of moving sports movie
8,Interestingly well-made sports entertainment film, 160 minutes is not boring at all.
7,You're talking about quality because it's flattering.
10,Totally recommended ㅠㅠ 100 times more than the Avengers. Totally exciting and lost track of time
10,India is really good at making movies. The song is so good
8,The process of becoming a player was quite painful while the violence of the authoritative father was seen, but as a result, it was nice to send a big signal to women's rights in India, and it was nice to curse Abby's behavior thanks to cultural and social awareness in India. at Plasma-zero
10,It's fun. Amir Khan is the best
9,All right. It's a good movie.
8,I didn't have much expectations and there was nothing to see, so I watched it, but it's not a waste of money. Wow...Despite the long running time, the best immersion, the liveliness of the players, the good OST and lessons...Her father's coercive ways, as well as her growth, have shattered the prejudices of existing Indian women
9,It's a movie that gives you a small laugh and a big impression. Indian movies seemed to have a lot of power, so it was worth seeing.
10,You have to watch it. Really
10,I only watch movies that kill people, but this movie helped me a lot in my life
10,Indian movie is also worth watching. Your daughter must be very pretty
10,It's like watching a fun 20-episode drama at once. It's funny and heavy
10,I didn't expect India to make such a good movie. It's a movie that makes my hands sweat even though my heart is nervous. ㅜㅜ It's my life movie.
8,Danglars, new concepts, movies beyond expectations
10,It's such a waste to be buried in Avengers.
10,I lose track of time.A well-organized story in Indian cinema.It's the funniest movie I've seen this year^^
10,It's the best movie ever Hah!
10,Wow! This is the best movie of my life ^^
10,I lost track of time and watched it hard. A movie that lingers!
10,This is fun... Amir Khan who you can trust and watch...
10,I really enjoyed it!
8,Danggal, Danggal. It's so much fun. It's^^
9,It was a very interesting and touching drama. The family love of father and daughter...
10,Make sure to watch it. Really... That's all I can say.The best movie ever!
10,As expected, Amir Khan! Bollywood never disappoints you! Girls can do anything!!
10,The best. In my life
10,I saw it when it was released in Taiwan. We're in Korea now. Recommend.
10,It was a great movie  The music is good, too
10,여자라면 뭐든지 할 수 있어요.
10,It's a movie that brings both touching and laughter tension
10,The OST is so good, addictive, and everything is fascinating. Of course, the movie was fun.
10,I watched the movie without knowing the time went by even though it was a long time.It's so much fun. I hope a lot of people watch it and make it big hit
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. Honestly, it was more fun than the Avengers.
10,If you've seen three idiots, I highly recommend this movie. It was so touching^^
10,I lost track of time It was touching, fun, and a true story, so it was a sad story
10,Make sure to watch it. It's not boring at all
10,If it was an Indian movie that was so impressive that you didn't waste any time after the three idiots, make sure to watch it
10,I enjoyed watching it
10,The strong love and trust of fathers and daughters. Father's belief in respect as a person, not a daughter. I was really impressed.
10,This is a movie...I'll put it in the best five movies of my life
10,I was curious when it would be released, but it's coming out now. As expected, it's Amir Khan
8,Amir Khan movies are good!
10,The best of the best movies I watched recently. Laughing and crying You shed tears and runny nose ^^
10,There's no need for words.When I came out of the theater, I kept saying, "Wow, it's fun."
8,The content was obvious, but I think I saw wrestling very realistically. A movie that shows joy and emotion in a straightforward way
10,I strongly recommend it! Really! I strongly recommend it. It's all about laughter and emotion I lost track of time What a wonderful father!^^
10,First of all, it was fun and fresh to lead the movie with songs and brilliant lyrics, not music. It can be boring because the movie is long, but I hold my breath in between, and depending on the players, my body just twists itself, and I get immersed as if I were a Korean player. It's been a while since I've seen a fun movie
10,It was great. I could learn about Indian culture, and the stadium was so amazing that I couldn't take my eyes off it
10,It's not a paternal love movie. It is a movie about women's human rights.
8,It is questionable whether the father's stubbornness should be viewed favorably. Other than that, the unique feeling and acting skills of Indian films were the best.
7,Unlike reality, it is difficult to hide the image of a coercive and patriarchal father despite his cinematic device and purification. The father drives his daughters to victory and talks about women's independence as an excuse. In absolute evaluation, it's the development of Indian cinema, even though it develops a slightly less smooth perception
10,Are you suddenly singing and dancing?
10,I watched "Avengers" and this was the best.It was the most impressive movie I've seen recently I'm going to take my boyfriend to see him again next week.
10,Better quality than the Avengers.Witty in music, actors especially wrestling actresses.
8,I didn't expect it, but I watched it with tears as if I had caught two birds with one stone, and I saw how important a leader is, the will of a man
10,Watching my favorite movie alone, I cried, laughed, and it was the best!!! Strongly recommend
10,Even though I don't like sports movies, I really liked it. I trust Amir Khan and he was the best not only other actors but also trusted and listened to movie music. :)
10,(Singing "Fall in Love")
10,I lost track of time and watched it^^
10,I don't think I'll lose to the Avengers The topic was wrestling, so I wasn't interested in it. I went to the reviews and it was more than I expectedShaking~ Shaking~Sweet and sour
10,Endorphins are coming up!
10,It's not a waste of money. Good. Touching
10,Cool development, not bad acting, Bollywood has a long running time, so it's usually boring in the second half, but I liked this work because it was fun and touchingHaha
10,I didn't know the movie was long and I enjoyed itI really recommend it. I hope it doesn't get caught in the Avengers
10,A person who gives strength just by his existence
10,(Singing "Bang-ga-ga-ga-ga-ga-ga-Sweet and sour
10,In fact, I watched "The Avengers" released yesterday, so I watched "Danggal" without any expectations, but I was so touched that I left my first rating. I was so into it that I didn't know how long it had passed, and I was teary at the end. It's a great movie. I hope a lot of people watch it.
9,It's so fun that I don't even know how time goes, but at the end, it's so deep that I can cry. It must have taken a lot of time for the actors to train and shoot wrestling. The casting was good, too.
10,I can't help but give you a star
10,I'm so touched. I'm so touched. It's a great joke, fun and weight
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it. I mean it. I'm going to watch this more than the Avengers!
10,It's so much fun and I lost track of time I'm crying
10,The movie is fun. It's worth watching~~^^
10,Not because it's an Indian movie, but because it's the best sports movie, no matter how well Hollywood makes a movie, this cultural sentiment is hard to contain
10,It's a very good movie. It makes me think a lot. It reminds me of the fact that our lives have not been made arbitrarily by ourselves.
9,I wonder if your two daughters were happy.I really enjoyed it.It's unfortunate
10,I'm going to write a review 160 minutes, no boredom at all right You don't need to say anything. It was so much fun. Part-time job?I bet everything. No
10,It is a good movie. It's not a waste of money. Make sure to watch it!
8,A beautiful woman fighting the barrier in front of her.
10,If you're a parent with a child, you should watch it It's so touching and fun
10,I met a movie that is like a movie after a long time. Characters, plots, messages, and music. I hope Melon will start OST service soon
8,It has a lot of topics that I want to recommend to kids, but it's not distracting and touching~♡But 160 minutes was a bit long
10,While watching this movie, I felt that Korea is still far away and that I should go to India and learn about movies.It's not a waste of 160 years and time passed quickly.This happened somehow He even laughs out loud with his unique humor and wit.Especially, children's acting is the best ♡
10,2 hours and 40 minutes. I thought it would be boring. I clenched my hands while I was watching the blunt but deep love for my daughters.I was so surprised and amazed that the 88 Seoul Olympics came out on TV. I strongly recommend it! I want to give you 20 stars... No, 100 stars lol
10,It was fun! Khan is very oldㅜㅜ
10,I watched it alone in Jojo.I really enjoyed watching this. I think I'll see you again. When you watch Indian movies, it seems like they're making well-made movies with a sense that surpasses Korea and the U.S.
10,Amir Khan, who you can trust and watch. I don't think I was the only one who felt overwhelmed while watching it. Strongly recommend.
9,I saw it at the premiere. It's as fun as three idiots. There's a lot of Indian excitement in the OST
10,I watched an early morning movie and she cried in the morning~^^ Make sure to watch it~~
10,Indian movies you can trust and watch. The music was exciting and touching.
10,a touch comparable to three idiots I want a lot of people to see it. But the theater and the distributor have to make a living.
10,It's fun and touching...Laughing and crying.
10,Wow, it's been a while since I've recommended a trick. It makes me want to watch a movie again, not only in my eyes and ears but also in my heart. You don't seem to miss anything about Infinity War, whether it's fun or deep
10,I lost track of time and I was so into the movie It's perfect enough to make you think that the actors are sports players~~~
10,It's amazing. More than the Avengers.sound of sound
10,Just look at it's...I laughed happily at the very good movie, but as I went back, it was more exciting and touching. It's a movie so full that you don't feel like you're running time!
10,The best sports movie ever. TtaTta Bong is really...
9,In a country where women's human rights are low, the father's dedication, stubbornness, and persistence of raising his two daughters as wrestlers could be seen. I see my father being too patriarchal, but when I get married, I am touched by his father's efforts to get out of the life of an Indian woman without freedom and choice.
10,Life movie that can't come out in India...It was even better to concentrate because there was no musical, and while women's rights were ignored in India, it was so cool to endure the ridicule and stinging gaze of people around her and go on the pioneer path for her two daughters...!
8,Honestly, I enjoyed watching it  Indian movies are attractive
10,I saw it at the premiere. I saw it yesterday, but I'm going to see it again. I want to dance because I'm excited whenever the song comes out
10,In India, where women's rights are at the bottom of the list, a film that attacks the buffenists, "If it's a dream to marry a handsome, young rich man and quit, don't talk about gender equality, try to win gold medals with the national team only with your skills, whining."
10,There's a scene in the theater where the audience claps and cheers whenever they win.It's not a movie that can be buried in Avengers.There aren't many theaters showing itcrying
1,How can I say? Jaldo
9,You'll see. It's a trick
9,To all the dads in the world.
9,The development of Indian films is remarkable. It minimized dances and songs that seemed childish and filled them with thrilling game scenes. It's less fun than the three idiots, but there's a more heart-throbbing passion.
10,Behind a great man is a great father
8,It's really fun
10,I saw the Avengers yesterday, but I'm afraid I'll be buried in the Avengers. Even I, who doesn't know wrestling, couldn't put my back on the back, and in the existing Indian movie, I felt repulsed by a song that came out of nowhere, but Danggal felt like a musical like La La Land, so I loved it.
10,I wanted to see it and leave a comment, so I did log in.I was careless because it was an Indian movie, but it was so much fun. ㅜㅜㅜ
1,As expected, Avengers 3. I can't compare
1,Indian movies don't seem to suit the sentiments. Not good.
10,I went to the premiere today.  It's really fun. I think it's the best movie of the year. The music is good and the story is well made.
10,Amir Khan is also trustworthy ㅠㅠ
1,Infinity War. Take a look, take a look, take a look, take a look, take a look, take a look Bbooing
10,It was a touching sports movie and a family movie. The semi-final and final matches in the second half made my hands sweat and tears formed in my eyes.
10,It's been a while since I had fun watching it
10,The first movie to give 10 points. It's going to be a movie of my life beyond the best movie of my life. How can a movie be made neatly without any uncomfortable production, even though it is so touching that joy and sorrow intersect? I think it's almost impossible to give them so much courage to live a more intense life
1,X] I don't know why Indian movies are so long. You could shorten it a little bit, but three hours
10,This is sports action! It's a really interesting movie.There's no indian out-of-the-way dance. I can concentrate until the end of the movie. It's a shame that the Avengers took away the screen, so it's hard to watch it, and it's a shame that the Avengers came out really funny.
10,A mysterious magical film whose long running time flew by.It's been a while since I've seen a movie where you can feel all the fun and interest in lessons. I doubted my rating before watching the movie, but after watching it, I'm writing this rating. Make sure you watch it! It's as good as three idiots or more than that
9,A movie full of paternal love and family love. A movie that gives hope that if we live a good life hard, we can achieve our dreams after all our hardships. I'm touched. I applaud the actors for creating a great wrestling match full of Park Jin-sense.
10,It's so touching. I cried and laughed all the time
10,I lost track of time and enjoyed watching it with my mom I was happy to see a good movie after a long time. :)
10,The theme that keeps ringing in my ears. It was so impressive that it was different from Hollywood. Before I go down, I'll have to go watch it again!
10,I usually don't post my GPA because it's annoying, but I really enjoyed watching it It's been a while since I've seen a 10-point movie. You think 3 hours will feel long, right? Let's go. I didn't know anything about wrestling, but I loved it! Make sure to watch it
10,I watched it without much expectation, but it was really touching and fun Make sure to watch it!
10,I've never left a message after watching a movie.I'm leaving a comment for the first time. I was so touched and immersed. I strongly recommend it
10,My favorite movie! Make sure to watch it~ Three hours go by so quickly. It's a movie that captures both emotion and fun! As expected, Amar Khan is trustworthy.
10,Acting, speed, video, music. The relationship between father and daughter that touches my heart. Best!
10,I watched it as soon as it was released. I don't leave a lot of things like this, but it was touching. There are fewer theaters and there are fewer theaters, so it's too many theaters.
10,I didn't know that you'd enjoy a touching true story this much more than I expected
10,The best!!! No words needed
10,It's not a part-time job. The movie is so good. Timetable pick-up ㅠㅠ
10,a long-running movie
10,It's a great work in terms of touching and funThumbs up!^^
10,I cried and laughed at the movie I wanted to watch, and eventually clapped
10,I was lucky enough to watch the premiere The best movie of my life has been born! I definitely recommend it! Danggal OST was all good to keep. Good, good. I lost track of time
10,I'm glad I came here alone. Tears kept falling. I saw a movie that was like a movie. Even though the screening time was quite long, it was a shame that it ended and I wanted to see more of their stories. It's a good movie, but it's a shame that there aren't many screenings. Amir Khan the three idiots believe and see.
10,It's my first Indian movie. You must watch this movie. Make sure you watch it. 2 hours and 41 minutes felt short.
10,I think I've seen the best Indian movie since Slumdog.There is nothing missing from the passionate acting of the message actors to say. The unique songs of Indian movies were good, and it would have been better if the manners of the audience in the theater were better.
10,I don't need another word! The best! You'll know when you see it! Dangdangdangdanggaut~~~~
10,I watched it with sweat as if I were watching it in the stadium^^ Amir Khan's appearance changes over time are real. Wrestler daughters' games are real Of course, acting! Song lyrics! Good, good! It's my first time watching an Indian movie like this^^ Laughter, emotion, and messages~ Good, good
8,It's a bit bitter to see the father's dream come true through his children, but lastly, the movie OST, which was good for his daughter's growth, was also good
10,Much more fun than three idiots or PK
10,It's fun. I lost track of time
10,I got choked up when I heard "Father, India"
10,Time flies. It wasn't boring and it was funGo
10,Personally, I don't like Indian movies, but I watched it without knowing the time went by. I was moved and India is also very corrupt in sports.By the way, this movie is pretty good
7,I didn't expect Bollywood to make such a moving sports movie
10,You're the best at being a woman
10,A movie that was fun, meaningful, and pleasant to watch
10,There's nothing to miss about directing music acting. I lost track of time, so if I knew it was a long movie, I'd trust Amir Khan to watch it
10,Ah, I watched a really interesting movie after a long time. My family loves it!   It was a movie where you can enjoy sports games and feel the importance of your family
10,LOL Laughing, touching and wonderful father. I want to go to India.
10,I think it's a loss if I don't watch it, but I'm confident that it's one of my life movies.Bollywood movies you can trust and understand, and Amir Khan's movie role transformation process is very detailed and full of contents, so it's easy to understand!
10,At first, I laughed and was excited with the sound of the song and the funny story, but at the end, I cried because I was touched It was a meaningful movie because it's called a real person I strongly recommend that you watch it^^
10,Time flies so fast. It's fun and touching
9,It would have been nice if it was released right after the Indian release in India. Too bad it's too late.
10,The story is predictable, but the comical production was impressive. I enjoyed watching both music and acting.
10,I watched the movie at the premiere. It took a long time, but it was very immersive and I really enjoyed it A movie with 10 points or higher!
10,The structure and flow of the narrative were well organized in an immersive manner, and the production of the game scene in between was great enough to make your hands sweat. The touching point of the ending was not the new school that forced tears out, but the catharsis that naturally accumulated conflict resolution
10,I've never seen an Indian movie before, but I often cry... ㅠㅠ I thought I should call my parents
10,I still remember the song. It's really addictive. Indian movie good good good
10,The song lingers after the movie. Shaking, shaking
10,I think the song is really addictive. But I really enjoyed watching Indian movies. You're the best!
10,Real hero ㅠㅠ Touching and fun together!
10,I liked Indian movies, so I watched it. ㅠㅠ I laughed and cried. It was so much fun
10,I saw it at the preview before it was released. The song that still lingers in my ears! I enjoyed listening to addictive music and interesting topics
10,It was not a random Indian movie, it was touching and funㅜㅜ
10,As expected, the true taste of Indian movies. I'm addicted to danggal songs
10,Isn't this what a real hero looks like in real life? It was touching.
10,Laughter, touching, and funny! I lost track of timecrying
10,Not a fictional hero, but a true Indian hero story. It's a long run-time movie, but it's not boring and fun
10,I lost track of time and watched itI thought the stadium scene was real.I laughed and cried and enjoyed watching it
10,It's a pity that I can only give you 10 points. A movie in which a real hero appears in a flood of hero movies.
8,It's a good movie, except for the forced scenes of my dad being kidnapped
10,It's the best! The movie I want to watch twice
