말할 수 없는 비밀
2,I didn't like it because I noticed it from the beginning.
6,Now that the sensitivity has become dull and the times of reality have piled up and become hard, I can't feel the feelings of that time when I see it again. It's not that it was a childish movie as an adult, but that I miss it because I want to feel the pure overwhelming feeling again, but I don't know what to do.
2,The material is unique, but I couldn't pick it well.
2,My 2500 won and 1 hour and 41 minutes are a waste. I think everything about On God Cliché is in it. It's recommended for those who like romance comics.
2,My 2500 won and 1 hour and 41 minutes are a waste. I think everything about On God Cliché is in it. It's recommended for those who like romance comics.
6,the probability of eating with emotion
4,It was a pity that I couldn't feel the probability of why I liked Yeoju, and I don't know why Yeoju liked Namjoo. "Because I can only see the heroine in Namjoo's eyes" is a little lacking for a reason. It may be because of the different emotions, but I think the portrayal of Emotional Sun lacked a lot of acting skills.  It would've been okay if the direction was good
3,The settings are too twisted. The plot is sloppy, too
2,It's fun. Gurt
6,The genre's romance is briefly transferred to horror and fantasy, but the process is not very natural. The ending of the second half is also sudden
6,Beautiful Japanese melodrama and twist beautifully decorated with Western music.
1,I rate movies on a level, not on a taste basis. The story of this movie is not 1-2-3-4-5, but it's 1-3-5 style. It's not probable. The lines and characters are too cheesy. Most of all, there was no probability at all, and all the scenes flowed into luck and coincidence. I couldn't see it in my right mind. a testament to the difference between the critic and the uncivilized public Uh-huh. They don't know the level of incompetence, they'll just turn it against them. It's always like that. Look at the list I rated. Anyone who has a real eye will sympathize and find a real movie. The uncivilized public who give 10 points to a movie like this, watch Black Widow for the rest of their lives
6,Horror movie or what? You like 20 years younger than me. Cheongseol is much more realistic and interesting
1,I watched it because NAVER's rating was high, but my precious 2 hours flew away.Overall, the characters are crude and unattractive.
3,It's a bit unfortunate because it's a movie that has good material but lacks persuasion. The piano performance was impressive and wonderful
2,The movie is okay, but the director and Nam Joo... I think she thinks she's cool. She's the type of person that women would hate the most, like she's never been able to get out of her delusion
6,Was I expecting too much? It was more boring than I thought. Back and forth between the past and the presentIt's a bit complicated
1,Namjoo's pro-Japanese and anti-Korean relationship
6,Namjoo's story about being possessed by a soulful female character?Except for this, I played the piano.
5,Piano performance is very good, but to me it's a rather shocking fantasy. May Sang-run stay in the past rewrote time and turned it into a happy future where everyone made no mistakes!
1,I Love Playing the Piano!
6,Amrakun, is this fun...?
2,Well, I don't know
4,It's worth watching the piano scene. It's a bit childish. I don't know why it's rated high
3,Ugly Jay Chou, but the movie music that he made to look cool is good
6,There were a lot of scenes that looked like ddibyong;;
1,Is this a movie?
4,It's so touching.
6,It is the first time that a Naver movie has a rating of more than 9 points, but this is the first time that it does not feel that touched. The directing and story progression is clean overall and the beautiful scenes flowing through the video are also very good, but I was not deeply moved by the lack of the probability or justification of the story. The background or justification of why the heroine who traveled in time should love the man she saw for the first time is too lax. As that part didn't touch my heart, I couldn't feel much emotion even in the climax scene of the last part. Is there a limit to feeling touched from the perspective of the movie because it was made 13 years ago? It is sad that there is such a strong cause or reason, such as the case of "I'm going to meet you now," but it is very regrettable that it was not enough to feel heartfelt emotionally by the beautiful ending. I think a lot of people were touched, but it's a shame that they couldn't. And while watching the movie, the piano background music was pleasing to the ears as if a beautiful video was flowing, but it is another regrettable thing that I don't want to listen to the OST again after the movie is over.
1,A movie that is overrated. I give a star because of the music.People who give 10 points to movies like this will give 10 points to the morning drama...
1,Ending Scolding 1010 Characters
1,Except for the good music, the twist is obvious, and the editing and fantasy with Namjoo are too old
1,It's an interesting movie with fresh material, but the rating is too high. It's a movie that teenagers will like. The rating of 7 is appropriate
4,No more crap time travel material, no more 그만
6,I liked the casting of the main character and the love story, but I couldn't believe it because it was full of errors. The director set everything up as he wanted and there was no explanation. Is it just me who doesn't understand?
4,I'm not getting emotional at all. I think I'm a weird person based on the rating. I should take it into consideration considering the release date, but I couldn't relate to it because I was dumbfounded. The genre keeps changing along the way
6,Listening to the beautiful piano sound,
3,I was confused whether it was a horror movie or a romance movie or nothing more than a third-rate reversal movie.
1,I don't even understand what it's about. The story itself is ruined
5,I watched it at home today because it was so popular and rated well. Maybe it's because I don't like movies that are too fantasy. I was kind of excited, but it wasn't to the point where it was really fun. But there are both likes and dislikes and tastes. Well... I think it's just a mid-point
1,It's already been the third time since the Spider-Man actor changed. Prequel and reboot are boring.
6,The movie that plays all the time at school
2,The movie was okay, but I can't give a good score because it is a movie of Jay Chou who encourages anti-Korean sentiment in Taiwan and curses Korea in a mean manner.
1,유이키요 유어튜어
1,hjgytgujhtyhrt
1,It's really not fun. My money story is not fun, and the girl is frustrated. Why is she dying like that?
1,A forced twist sent to the story mountain.One star is a waste
4,I don't feel the same way as the director and the scenario, but I don't feel the same way about the death of Nam Joo. It's an unfinished work overall
1,It's worse than I thought
1,This is really a mess... Before I watched it, I had a prejudice because it was a Taiwanese movie, but there is a real prejudice... I completely reflect on what I saw...
6,I think it would have been fun if I watched it at the time of its release. Actresses are so pretty. I love the piano scene.
2,It's a good movie, but...The director and Nam Joo are the best, and I give 2 points for malicious comments about Korea
1,What's the ending? What do you want me to do alone?
6,I finally saw your name because I felt that the concept of time travel was obvious because I saw it first, but it was not as expected
6,Is there a movie that seduces future teachers' sons into the past, or something like this, scary, crazy movie? What happens to the teacher's existence? A thoughtless story that puts all the emotions into it
4,I was really looking forward to the evaluation...  It's cliche, and it's just a cliche
1,It's made in China
2,It was on the movie list with a high rating and a must-see, so I watched it, but it was tacky, and the actress had a strange personality, and I gave up my life and left my dad, and it was ridiculous. The piano scene and music are good, but it is too little. I think it's a movie with a rating of 6 points.
4,I think the setting was really good, but it was so childish and cheesy...ㅜㅜ I was going to give you 1 point, but I gave you another star because the child actor Nam Joo is cool
5,I don't think you can look forward to the movie
1,What is this? I was tricked and looked at it and it's like a piece of cake
1,The reviews are bubbling. The piano battle is worth watching. The last minute was really... I graduated with her? What is it? Then, Jay Chou is visible to the people of that era? It's ridiculous that the female lead talked about delusion once to the teacher. Is this what forced tears are like?
5,Personally, I don't like the story.I'm a little dumbfounded at the ending.
3,Fresh material, music, and production are the best! But in the story, I think Xiaowi fell in love with the feeling that started out of curiosity and intervened a lot in Xiangren's life...
5,The context is... If you focus only on the beautiful piano melody and first love, this movie will get 10 points
4,Honestly, it's not fun
1,I can't believe they're masterpiecesBecause I always watch Korean movies, the level is like that 고전 고전 You'll change your mind if you watch a classic movie
1,I think I ate a bad jjamppong
1,I understand that it's fun for kids who don't know English. You need to save the expression "masterpiece." Hullwood put 10 movies together
6,I was looking forward to it, but the story got slower and the composition of the movie was a bit sloppy
1,The direction is sloppy and it's kind of hard to squeeze out tears.Taiwan and other Asian countries imitate Korean cultural contents a lot, but I didn't know how to copy the movie material I agree with Yoo Ji-tae and Kim Ha-neul
1,I can't relate to it at all It's not fun...
2,All the high school students are adults...It's hard to immerse myself because I'm so bad at acting
5,Don't tell me what to do with professional ratings. Critics don't just focus on the fun elements of movies and evaluate them.
5,I'm sick of talking about time warp love I'm going to meet you now. I'll give you one more point
1,Certainly, this kind of movie used to be popular. I remember enjoying watching it at that time. Recently, I watched a movie again, but I gave up watching it because of the extreme cringe, but I was very young and pure. It's a thankful movie that gave me time to reminisce about the past.
5,At first, it was a music movie, then a melodrama, then a horror, and then a fantasy, and it ended in a fizzling way, but it was less than I expected, but I enjoyed it, and it was so improbable that I got 5 points...
5,A movie that a middle school student would like. Directing and probability are essential for this kind of movie, but there were too many clumsy parts in that part.
1,OOO flag is OOO!
3,Childish storyline but not boring Taiwanese film
6,It's a movie that was released in the 2000s, so I don't like it.
4,I saw it because it was a masterpiece. Is it because I was looking forward to it?  Childish production and boring development. The twist isn't that...
1,It's a waste of time
4,It was quite disappointing... I should've only seen the piano battle scene.
5,Why is it on the real-time charts now ㅇㅅㅇ
6,A sweet and sweet time to see you when you open your eyes after enduring all the over-setting.
1,It's a movie with a 6-7 rating, but it's a one-point rating
1,Dad!!!! You punk!! The dad who raised you dearly!!! You don't have a wife and your son is looking for love!Dad!! ㅜㅜ It's no use raising children. My dad!ㅜㅜ
1,FANTASY MELO EDUCATIONAL MOVIE FOR Elementary School Students
6,The genre is so indecisive
5,....I feel cheated. How is this rated higher than Inception?I saw it because it was too high.Frozen to death... It's just an ambiguous 5 points.It felt like a ghost from the beginning, so there was no twist. I wonder if it was made to show Joo Kyeol-ryun playing the piano
6,Namjoo looks like "Give me food", so I took out one star
1,Can't be higher than Titanic 8th grade movie
4,The character who has a light mouth rather breaks the movie's immersion and tension.
1,I was fooled by the school cafeteria workers!
6,I didn't know it was this movie because I had high expectations, but romance sci-fi became too much ㅠㅠ
6,Shocking and horror movie. Did you have to make Namjoo like that?
6,The piano battle scene is always fun to watch. The plot is neat and storytelling is good.
1,Maybe it's because I only saw good reviews and looked forward to it, but when I opened the lid, it was just... It was good, but it was pure nonsense. Fantasy. No probability, no ending? Some say it's a happy ending. Let's adjust the rating to about 8 because even the father who supports Namjoo Orchestra's executive director doesn't care.
5,Is this really fun?
1,The overall plot is fine, but it's very unlikely when you connect it It's like a movie that's cut off, cut the flow of the movie, and the piano song is okay, but it's so ridiculous to cover it with fantasy, so it's childish, and the ending is more vague than aftertaste, and the reviews are bubbling
1,I think it's not a 10 point movie. It's not a movie you can watch two or three times.
1,The rating is too high. I'll lower it for you
6,It's a movie that I liked, but when I watched it again, it was
1,I looked forward to the high score, but it was boring and disappointing Overpackaged movie with excellent cinematic beauty and twist, but nothing in the end. It's not 1 point, but the rating is too high. It's full of teenage 8th grade. I think there are much more good movies in this world
1,Think of it as a Taiwanese melodrama that imitates Japanese movies
5,It's like a fairy tale. It's like a child's emotion, an endless, pretty OST (in other words, it's perfect for people like me to fall asleep...), students' stories, etc. Well... It could be the best, but I don't know if it's a masterpiece like Terminator 2...
1,Is this fun? I was tired of watching it, but why do you call it a masterpiece? I feel like it should happen like my Girls' Generation, but it's dragged on by one incident and it's like a horror movie
1,This is a horror movie. I was scared the whole time I saw a female ghost
1,Jay Chou's expressionless acting... Plus, it's not worth watching just because Joo Gul-ryun is an anti-Korean wave!
4,I don't understand how this movie compares to the legend of the piano. I want to give you 1 but I absolutely evaluate it because I watched a movie with 4 people with 9 expectations. The critics...V for Vendetta is 5.50 points and this movie is 5.67 points. Aren't you crazy? Are you picking a score?
1,Youth movie is too much.
5,Good, good
4,Honestly, this isn't a movie that'll get a lot of praise
4,I watched it in 2008, and it was hard to understand if this kind of movie was interesting. The biggest reason was that it was corny, but it broke down the well-built atmosphere with one last scene. Personally, I think it is a 'mist' in the romance movie world.
1,A movie for school lunches...As I get older, it's a really ridiculous setting.
3,The difference in taste is big. It was hard to immerse myself because of the contrived scene.
6,I saw it a while ago, but it just reopened...After watching it, was it about this? Huh? I made up my mind that I shouldn't watch a movie with my first love again. Battle is cool
5,It's like a high teen movie. What is this?
5,A Good Solution to Recycle Anti-War Films
1,It's an obvious and sloppy story rating ㅜㅜ
5,I didn't know it was going to happen when I thought about the six senses in the beginning. But it's a good production.
6,I saw it because it has a high rating and it's fun, but it's not fun and childish with strange settings Yeojoo was kind of cute,
3,Is it a ghost or time? I thought about it and it's been an hour and 20 minutes. But I'm not a ghost, so 3 points
1,Sloppy, improbable storyㅜㅜ
1,It's too focused on school meals...Overpackaging you guys are old and watch it again, it's childish.
5,I was just like that. No big deal
1,Wow, it's my fifth movie while looking for a famous Taiwanese movie, and I feel like I got hit in the back. The reviews were so good that I looked forward to it. I thought I was watching a horror movie. I almost turned it off at night because I was scared. I don't like the ending. It doesn't suit my taste. I don't recommend it for those who can't watch scary things
1,It's not 1 point, but the score is too high. The ending is empty, so I'm cutting it
3,The more I go to the end, the more awkward I am. I feel like I'm getting childish when timeslip comes out.When you use white on your desk...It's cheesy... It's not my cup of tea because of the piano scenes.
1,Overrated. Need to be lower.I'll give you 1 point for the correct score.
3,Yeoju is so pretty. The content is...
1,This kind of movie?
1,Ha OO Jjangkae movie
1,a sensational plot mess
1,I just saw it on the cable.
1,It's so childish and cheesy that I feel like throwing up. Taiwanese movies are really bad at making them
6,Honestly, ratings and evaluations that I still can't understand. I watched it at the movie theater at the time of its release, but it was boring because I expected a twist because this movie and that movie were all woven together. She is good at squeezing, the music is good, and the actress is attractive. I also think 6-7 points is appropriate.
3,Nothing to watch except piano battle
5,a collection of familiar content
5,I'm glad I saw it on EBS. The directing and setting is a bit childish.
4,Oh Yeonsoo was taken out and I bumped into him.
1,Childish.
4,The first part of the movie was so fresh that it felt so good. But at the end, it felt like a fantasy. Personally, it would have been a movie that would have left a lingering impression
1,I trusted the score. What was it?I'm flustered. So boring.
1,I wouldn't have seen it if I had known it was such a welcome
6,ten characters that are not very interesting
1,A movie that lowers the price of the piano. The person who plays the piano after watching this looks really bad
2,I don't want to terrorize my horoscope, but it doesn't suit my taste. I can't concentrate at all.It's my personal preference to watch movies
1,This movie is so meanI don't understand how people can be annoying and cursing every moment, even though there's a human preferenceI was interested in the beginning, but as time went by, the story got more complicated, and I understood what the ending was in my head, but it wasn't in my mind at all
3,I don't know. Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it so much, but I was a littleI think the material is original
1,The rating is too high. I think I need to go down to the right level, so I press 1 point. I think 6 to 7 points is appropriate. It was a movie that I expected a twist after watching the first five minutes; I thought I should have watched it when I was younger
1,a movie about playing the piano
6,a pretty good movie If you're sensitive, it's fun to watch.
6,This movie is plagiarism It's a copy of the 1990 movie, Legend of the Pian Pianist.The famous piano battle scene, the camera technique that follows the keyboard, and the last shot of playing the piano even when it collapses at the end.  Let's not talk about Jeongsu being stingy after watching this movie. Chinese counterfeits
4,a film that feels calm and quiet
1,I can see how much a movie like this is worth more than 9 points
1,Why is this rating so high--it's not actually this number
5,The unique material and narrative were impressive. However, it is regrettable that the characters other than the two main characters could not be saved.
2,A ridiculous time travel fantasy romance movie
1,The fact that the ratings and ratings distribution graphs are very similar to Clementine says a lot.
1,Don't manipulate the ratings. You're being such a jerk that this masterpiece is being criticized together I also watched this movie and watch many other movies. However, this is the first movie that I don't want to give a point.
1,If you're going to do rating manipulation, you should do it here. Why are you doing rating terrorism with another movie you haven't seen? Return it as it is.
1,This is funny
1,I was looking forward to it because the rating was high ㅜㅜ I watched it because it was not fun, caged, and I couldn't relate to it, but I wasn't excited at all and I gave it 1 point because it was too high
1,The only thing I remember is the piano battle.
3,It's just... It's less touching and childish than when I first saw it
5,Is this movie coming out soon?
6,The scene where you play the piano is cool
3,The reason why the 3-point range is good is because Gyerunmi is pretty, but the content is poo
5,I don't think it's going to be No. 1 on NAVER movie ratings.  I'm going to lower the score for realization.
1,Disgusting movie. It's not fun and the main character is disgusting
1,I watched it during the music class. It's not fun
6,The thing in common with the last concert is that it is a well-received movie that sheds tears for people in Northeast Asia.
5,You fall in love out of the blue and come out of boredom while watching SF unfold
4,How can you even re-release a movie like this?
5,? I think it's going around the Internet I think it was fun
1,It's fun, but the score is too high.
6,Did I look forward to it too much?
1,I prefer Japan. Chinese melo is... But it wasn't.K
3,The movie is fun. The piano melody is good, and the actors are good at acting in an immersive way, and everything is good. But the ending is trash. It's not an open ending, it's just trash. If you take out the ending, the ending is ten points, and the ending is three points... It was a perfect movie until ten minutes before it ended... ha...
1,Don't make fun of the audience like this!I've been trying to fit the small screen, and I've cut all the movies, so I've ruined all the editing and good movies!I'd like to ask you to back off, but I won't come to ART9 anymore!
6,It's just an obvious movie.
4,Cheesy lines and a pure cartoon style where you sit behind a bicycle and dream of love with your boyfriend.If you like this, please watch it.Only the heroine's face and the piano battle scene are worth watching. an overrated, frothy movie by the ignorant
1,It was re-released in 2008 because I didn't see itI saw it long, but 9 points? 9 out of 100 is a disgusting movie by Zhu Gul-ryun. I wouldn't have seen Jay Chou's hate speech if I had known it earlier.
1,10 minutes of piano battle? Except for that, I was bored and cringe-worthy Ugh!
1,Is this far?Oh, my.
4,This movie's story material is good, so it's kind of sloppy like a place where an amateur filmed and produced it
1,I don't think it's this high.
5,It's just worth watching. Is the rating high because there are a lot of kids... It's just...
5,I enjoyed watching the movie too, but should I get a high rating for it? It's not a movie that's ranked in the top 100 on NAVER, so I'll give you some stars
1,I feel like I was fooled by the rating
1,My favorite group in this movie is a teenage man
1,For an hour after the movie started, I was so bored that I watched it until the end, but there was a little bit of a touching part at the end, but the stories were too improbable I don't know why it's so popular. ㅠㅠ
6,The neat progression stands out, but the script with many things omitted is fatal to the completeness...
5,In the beginning, it's quite intriguing and fun, and after the middle of it, it suddenly becomes a psycho-horror
6,It's a good movie. Jay Chou is pretty good. But... 10 points is too much.
6,The story is strange... ...but it didn't really touch me, but it's more like what we liked back then
6,It's good for a popcorn movie, but it's a little mobile.
1,The last scene of the movie "Butterfly Effect Six Sense Clash" was the timer scene, but I enjoyed it
1,The music is worth listening to.
4,I looked forward to it because the rating was high, but there were many scenes that were very cringy
4,A midsummer night's oink oink...
1,It's fun, but the rating is too high.
6,I thought it was a thriller in the middle of the game
5,Sometimes a journalist critic's rating can tell the right truth
5,The second half is more childish and cheesy compared to the well-organized first half. It's pathetic that I watched the first half until the end
1,The commercial bubble rating is too much. I don't understand if it's because people who gave 10 points to this movie watched only a few movies
1,The rating is too high. I should give you a discount. I'm so bad at acting.
1,Childish. And the rating is too high
5,I just skimmed through it, and it was boring and boring, and I erased it without looking at it.It has a good rating.  I should've seen it. It's like a low-budget movie, so...
1,I don't think it's my favorite genre
6,The piano battle scene was so cool!If Jay Chou is really good at playing the piano, that's awesome!But the story was rather childish to me...--ㅡㅡ
1,I'm proud of myself for watching this until the end. All my family members are sleeping
1,Who's manipulating the ratings?
1,Yes, it's so nice.
5,NAVER rating is a movie that teaches you not to trust. ^^
1,It was fun, but the director said nothing about Korea, so 1 point.
5,Um... How should I say it? Melo is good, but it's too messy...Copy. The essence of Melo.
1,an incomprehensible bubble
1,....haha I think it's just a good movie and nothing more
1,Let's get the rating right. NoIt's too high
1,It's fun, but the ratings are so high. There are so many good movies
6,People who have fantasies about the piano like it enthusiastically, but honestly, 9.28 is a rating that I don't understand. It was a trick, but I think he's overreacting
1,The movie is very boring
1,It was definitely a good movie, but the rating is too high Let's guess the average.
5,The reporter and critic's score is exactly what I want to give. Fantasy who fell in love fantasy
1,Boring... a messy plot.
3,It's very boring and childish, compared to a girl (Annie) who runs between bars in many ways, but the main characters don't look or act like teenagers at all, and a piano battle? Piano battle? Is music circus or track and field? You play with two fingers? These ideas are so childish
1,Kim Gil-tae = Park Chu-young = Jay Chou...I can't concentrate because of this thoughtK
1,Is this really a fun movie? A predictable ending to a boring love story. The only memorable scene is the scene where Jay Chou plays the piano. To be honest, I think this is the end of the movie, "I (Joo Geol-ryun) play the piano so well and so cool."
1,In Korea, especially on Naver, movies that have a religious or commercial intentions are all masterpieces.
2,Well, it's not two points, but it's not nine.  The video was good
1,It may be delicious food for others, but it doesn't suit my taste at all
1,A movie with a high rating...Eight points, mid-to-mid, boring with just the right words.And predictability.
5,I'm the only one who feels uncomfortable, and the ending is a horror, and the male protagonist is going to be a ghost for the rest of his life, and it's creepy. Should the weight of his first love be so heavy?
6,It's a story about a Taiwanese ghost. LOL
5,Honestly, I wasn't impressed I've seen it about four years ago, but it's not impressive. Except for their world of music.
1,Was it really touching and funny? I watched the movie when I played it after the final exam in my old school. In conclusion, I feel like I finished watching Jay Chou's piano performance. Boring love story development, forced setting, too obvious twist... Thanks to Joo Geol-ryun's piano and actress' beauty, I think she gave a high rating.
5,Kanada Ramabasa Azacha
6,It was a bit strange when I watched the movie, but I think I understand the review. But it doesn't really touch my heart.
1,Netizen's score is unbelievable. How did you get into it?
6,It was as frustrating as 'Architecture Introduction'.
1,I don't remember well because I watched it a long time ago, but I couldn't erase the feeling that I had seen it somewhere. And I remember watching it thinking that I couldn't stand it because it was really childish. Personally, I wonder if this movie is so worthy of being evaluated.
5,I saw this from the girl we liked back thenI think I enjoyed that time more, maybe because it lingered more
6,I don't like Chinese movies because I think I'll get cursed at if I give it lower.
1,When I watch this, I realize that I got the wrong rating.
1,As expected, Taiwanese movies...Oh my god
1,I think the rating is too high. 8 points. Moderate
5,The movie that once ranked first on NAVER What kind of movie is this... A masterpiece is a piece of cake.
5,The story is too obvious, but it's a production that doesn't have any originality. I was so disappointed. If I did it on tvN, not OCN, I would get 7 points...
6,What I remember is that a woman was a soul and a piano battle. It wasn't very impressive.
1,What's the point of choosing a good music?Movies are trash
1,It's terribly boring. I'm even proud of myself for seeing it through.
5,I'm not going to believe NAVER's rating anymore. Honestly, it's not that touching...
1,I recognized it since the piano battle. It's for my son. The Second Clementine
5,I looked at the rating, and the story wasn't as good as I thought. The directing is good, but the story is not good enough. I think teenagers will love it.
1,Maybe it's touching for someone who's never seen a movie like this before. It's a mixture of love letters, time-running girls, sympathy, and October. I can't feel the emotion. It's really cleverly woven, and the lines are childish and like Internet novels. Only OST is good
1,It's so childish and cheesy. Each line... And the plot. It's so sloppy... The scene where I press white is like a comedy, so I just laugh...K
1,childishness
1,I'm sorry, but the rating of this movie is about 8.5 points
3,Why is this????
2,Gyerunmi is pretty. The movie is about what the kids would like
5,There was nothing to watch except piano battle.
6,It's a great performance and a battle, but the mother and the daughter are not talking
4,I couldn't see the end because my hands and feet were cringed
1,A masterpiece will be frozen to death
1,Not funny
6,It's exactly six points.
6,I'm so attached to Jay Chou
1,6-7 GPA is appropriate...A masterpiece is nothing.
1,Set up a comb to pick up trash and like
1,Why is this over the rating of 9;; except for the forced emotional acting of the heroine and the occasional performance of good songs, the story was sloppy and I honestly looked at the rating.  It is the most disappointing movie that I have ever seen.It's just a normal melodrama
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
5,5 points is enough. I'm giving this to you after looking at the beauty of the video
6,The ending was okay, but overall, the story flows so suddenly.
1,I enjoyed watching it when I was young, but I don't think it's a movie with more than 9 points.It is definitely worth seeing because it has a unique concept such as visual beauty.It is also touching.But the more I think about it, the more I can feel that this emotion is forced and matched.8 points is appropriate.
4,There's nothing to watch except piano battle. There's no twist, and it's boring in between
5,Is Kye Ryun-mi a ghost?
1,I don't know if it's because there are a lot of dramas and movies like this, but I can't relate to Namjoo because she's so ugly
1,GPA Woolsey ^^
1,Are you guys? Get lost, please ^^
1,It's a waste to give one star. a trashy movie
1,Yeah, I think it's too high
1,It's too high... Seven to eight is appropriate
5,The story is out!!!!! I wish my acting skills were only good in terms of good story.
1,It seems to be overrated. The OST is good and the material is interesting, but it was too stylish in directing. the limitations of high-teen movies The reason I give you a low score is because the rating is too puffy.
5,I thought it was a porn video, but it's like everyone's diary. I really like Mallo movies, but this is a little... The only thing in this movie is the music
5,I didn't do as well as I expected
1,I don't like movies like this. And the movie was a bit childish, so I adjusted the ratings
4,Only the music was good
6,A girl who runs through time...
6,Childish but fresh love is cute, so 6 points
3,An uncomfortable encounter between a lost romantic fantasy and an old-fashioned skit
6,When I first saw it, I was busy understanding something, so I liked it because I didn't know it well, but when I saw it twice, it was full of holes and it didn't make any sense...There's only one actress. Wow.It's awesome
6,It would have been nice if the story was detailed
3,Why is this a masterpiece, a masterpiece...
1,Melo+horror+thriller+fantasy+SF It encompasses all genres. Gyerunmi is good but comes out straight, so there is no reason to watch it unless you are a fan of Gyerunmi. After watching this movie, I decided to believe only the ratings of the journalists.
1,It's a movie where Jay Chou plays the piano like a neighborhood classroom, and the people who lie about it get on the buff and drag on. a perfect elementary-school spectacle I'm so touched by this pathetic and crude spectacle that everyone's soul is so clear ^^
1,The rating is too high. I was really looking forward to it.Personally, 7 points. Music saved the movie.
1,Is this a movie?
4,It's really out of the blue
5,Five points is generous. Thank you for the OST. I want to give you 8.5cm. It would have been nice if the OST was released as the main and the movie was just a set-up album. The story and the story are unlikely, the process of love development is so spaced out, and the male lead is so bad at acting...The last CG is not good enough.
2,It's too obvious that there's nothing else to watch besides the piano battle
1,It's not very touching. Did I expect too much?
1,When I'm bored and there's nothing else to watch, I just turn it on
1,B and R
1,... It's boring and unnatural. Why do you change Chopin's songs like that?
1,How can this crazy movie be in the 9's;;; it's normal to be in the 8's;;; I didn't feel a little sloppy????? It was in the 8's or 7's a few years ago
1,That's what I'm saying. You were jealous of Psy's horse dance
6,I thought it was a Japanese movie.
6,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,There was an attempt to make it sad, but...It's a bit childish
1,The movie "Jjang-kae"
6,The production was good, but the content was too forced.
6,Hoo Rabin sigh...
5,15 year old vibes. Okay, that's it
5,It's truly cringe-worthy. It's just a dog-like fantasy that stimulates women's emotions. And do you think that shaggy face suits this movie? You can see how childish the movie is just by looking at teenagers with the highest ratings by age.
1,Eat a lunch for Jay Chou
6,To be honest, I was bored and childish. It feels like a melodrama
3,not much
1,I cry a lot. not shed a teargg
5,A movie that kids at that age would relate to.
1,Dog OOO
6,It's worth seeing
5,The ratings and rumors only raised expectations It's a disappointing movie. There are a lot of people who like it, so I can't say anything about it because it's my personal preference, but when it comes to the story, not the piano scene or video beauty of the video...I don't... I think the same old movie was much better.
1,I don't think it's such a fun movie that you and I can all beat 10 points. I think NAVER ratings are all about fanatics I may pass by without saying anything, but it's too much -_-
1,It was so boring
6,It's not bad, but it's obvious and the ending is bad.One piece of music is good
4,She's beautiful, but she's...
1,Just because the OST is good doesn't mean that the quality of the work is good.
6,I thought I was watching a horror movie in the middle. A movie that's nice if there was a thrill
4,I looked at the ratings and in the middle... It wasn't fun for me
5,It was fun, but it's not a nine-point movie. Need to lower the rating.
1,It's a rating of 8 points
4,Only the piano battle was good, and the rest is loose. You're quick to catch on.
5,The content is childish with only music and lingering feelings.
6,The music is worth listening to, but the story is so childish and obvious. It's for minors.
1,The actress saved this movie. I was bored all the time, so I was going crazy. Except for the ending
5,I felt like I saw a copy of "Downpour" by a clumsy piano-loving writer. The song was good
1,The emotions didn't match me. My hands and feet cringed throughout the movie.
6,The composition is not bad, but the length is short. It was scary because I saw it at night.
5,The film's composition is as fresh as the two of themselves
1,It's not good
5,a well-organized film with only piano playing
4,Why did you mix weird fantasy when you were doing well?
5,It's worth watching once, but literally, I don't want to watch it againwhat
5,sloppy except for music and atmosphere
1,The directing was all good. But I don't know why this has a high rating.
1,It is not appropriate for this movie to receive such a rating
5,It's just so-so
3,^^;; Not really...
6,It wasn't as good as I expected
4,a classic of sloppy composition, forced emotion, and proper arrangement A four-point movie...
3,Sloppy composition. Cheesy lines and characters. But the visuals and performances of male and female main characters are good.
1,There are a lot of Chinese in Taiwan. They leave malicious comments on Korean movies and praise here
4,Why is it all a complimentally?;; Unbelievable...Composition. Poor development
1,Why does the movie "Jjangkae Kwon" seem so tacky and can't relate to it no matter how many times I watch it
1,It's corny and boring. Cute is similar to the novel "Syndrom." It's a perfect movie for kids.
1,The Power of the Continent~ A movie that catches time
1,I was tricked by the rating.-- The storyline was almost over the top and childish...Give me back my time ㅠㅠ
1,Jay Chou, you're a bad guy. I can't believe you left me
6,Even if it is not directed like flowing water, the story suddenly unfolds and the composition feels poor.
3,I guess I'm the only one who doesn't understand.I was at a loss for the plot Honestly, I don't know what's what.
4,I don't know why this is so highly valued.Just visual, music is good, but what is the story?
4,I don't know what's better than music.
1,It's nothing more than a story that will move the kids. It's forced. It's Chinese sentiment
1,That's an exaggeration
1,There are a lot of childish people in our country
5,I like jjamppong, but I don't like movies like jjamppong.
1,boring in the countryside
1,a third-rate rubbish film with no content
1,It's not a possibility, and the acting is like a beggar, and I was completely fooled and wasted my time...
1,Worst. It's cliché and the production is crazy. But the actresses are so attractive.
6,Even though someone didn't give a spoiler, the content was obvious, so I only yawned throughout the whole time.
1,I think I saw everything while watching the movie, but when I came here, it was really salty.
1,Bluffing + cheesy acting + leap of events + obvious story.. Why is it over 9 points? You're a part-timer.
1,How should I say it? It's like putting in all the original melodrama
1,You're childish.
1,Yuck
1,Oh, it's a waste of 1 point
1,9.26 It's not a big one; it's a little better
6,Very disappointing compared to the rating... I thought it was a horror movie in the middle and late...
4,It's a movie that has many meanings.
5,A movie that is like a pure cartoon, but it is covered with fabric.
5,Suspicion arises that Yoo Ji-tae plagiarized "I agree" by Kim Ha-neul. It was fun.
6,Taiwanese movie imitating Japanese movie... One star for Gyerunmi...
5,the culmination of various weaves
1,Why is it above 9 points? I really can't understand. the disastrous results of public opinion
1,Worst. Not funny. It's an obvious movie with an obvious romance and an obvious ending.
6,Pretty screens and adolescent sentiments are good, but... It wasn't sad or touching
1,Why is the rating so high? It's worth watching only the piano and Gyerun beauty
2,be bored until mid to late I lost my mind and later I changed to SF, so I came to my senses.
1,It's okay, but 9.25 is high
6,I don't think it's a perfect score
5,There is nothing to see other than Jay Chou's music. If you add fantasy to a third-rate drama, it's all touching
1,The rating is too high. 7 to 8 points is enough.
6,Too much is not enough
6,I can't believe I'm touched by a movie like this. Everyone seems to have a clear soul. I was fooled by the rating
1,S.B. What is it? NAVER GPA
1,4 tries and all 4 failed movies;; honestly, I don't know why this is fun
6,An unexpected twist isn't the whole movie
6,Love is always a fantasy even if it's old.
1,How can this movie get a rating of 9.25? Maybe the part-timers worked on it I think 7 points is appropriate
1,What's so touching about it?
1,What kind of movie is this? It's got a rating of more than nine
1,What can you say under your armpit?
6,a maximum of seven films
3,I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't good. It feels kind of sloppy
5,More than I thought...Boredom
5,It's not a touching movie but a movie that leaves lingering feelings
6,a boring fantasy Still, it's pretty.
1,That's too lame
6,Honestly, I'll watch it without the actors.
5,A sad... Legend of a pianist and an opera ghost
4,I think Jay Chou wanted to play the piano and film a movie with Gyeryun beauty
1,Six Sense, I'm going to meet you right now. Spicy seafood noodles like Diaz?
1,-- be angry and frustrated -- absurdity
1,A movie that would have given 8 points without a fantasy element. The background music is good
6,Movies are movies
2,Disappointed... "I'm on my way to meet you" is more fun... It depends on your preference, but... K
6,I really wanted to see it now, but I'm a puppy.But the piano melody and Gyerunmi are pretty, so I got 3 stars
3,Predictable taste difference
4,Movies that have different preferences... I'll just give you as much as I feel.
1,Personally, I don't like it
1,It's just like that
3,It was a good movie, but I am going to get 5 stars because of Taiwan.
1,Disgusting island dogs swarming with wasted jjajangkis
6,The overall level of completion of the movie is high, but the reality is a little low.
1,a film of rubbish
5,It's a movie that's perfect for women who like romantic movies
1,Why is the rating so high?People would think it's a masterpiece that's going to leave a path in film history
1,Obvious, petty, over-exaggerated, visuals are fine, 6 points is appropriate
5,I agree with the word thriller
1,If you look at something else...
1,Well, then
3,It was childish, but... There was something to see...
1,Top
1,I don't know what you're talking about
1,Boredom
1,No, the piano battle. It doesn't make sense. Let's be realistic. Fraudulent
6,The rating of 10 is the opposite.The piano battle part was impressive
1,Why is the rating so high? The last one is a mess. It's not a fantasy. Let's be normal
1,It's a horror movie
6,a conscientious rating
6,It's a combination of...
6,I'm the only one who doesn't like it, um... except for the piano battle scene.
6,Countless teenagers across the country showed the essence of the high-teen melodrama they dreamed of
6,Composition and production are all good
1,Rating ↓ Must be --
1,It's too high.
1,I don't know what it's about
1,Wasn't this a horror movie?
2,Disappointed. I don't understand why they made this movie.
6,I don't understand why this movie has such a high rating
6,I think it's okay when I first saw it, but it's obvious when I see it again and there's nothing much to it.
6,That's too much. Piano legend, Nodame, Freundy, Six Sense... The instrumental is similar. Isn't it plagiarism?
1,It's not... It's not good.
1,I saw it at school...
6,I'm flustered, but the music is good
1,I tried to see the end of a movie that was very awkward, but...
1,A movie about an island called "Korean Wave Fool-jjang-kkae
1,What Meki?LOL
2,..Linda, Chopin
1,The movie that goes down goes down
1,The rating has been inflated.Even if I'm a teenager, it's childish, but adults can't talk
6,a movie that is a masterpiece at the piano
1,Hm.. are only Jay Chou fans here?It's not exciting or fun
6,The emotional flow of the movie...It was good. But suddenly, it feels like I'm watching moonlight
1,Based on the rating, everyone is teenagers. Of course, that's right
1,It came out too high
1,I wanted to give you 6-7 points, but the score was higher than I thought. It wasn't that touching
5,The twist is cliche. It's not touching. But there's nothing memorable.
1,Elementary and middle school movies
5,It's just, it's a story.Playing the piano and the twist caught my eye
1,On the rating, the ocean --
6,A horror movie?
1,I didn't like it at all
1,It's a squeezing movie
6,Honestly, I don't know why this movie has such a high rating. Girls like this movie
1,For elementary school students
1,Lowering the GPA
6,When I saw a girl running through time, I was sleepy. It's not fun if you know the plot
1,The girls are pretty, so I give them a star
2,Mama, I'm just...I'll give you a star because you're pretty
1,It's definitely not number one.
1,OOOO movies
1,I don't think it's enough to win first place
1,7 points is just right. It becomes a thriller at the end
5,FANTASY at the last minute
5,I'm half... funny, half funny, half funny
1,not much
1,not much
5,9.23 is too much.Our Nari was so generous.^^:
1,Phew...
1,What is this? It's uncomfortable and annoying
6,It looks good for teenagers
5,It's subjective but a bit tacky. It's unique to Chinese movies.5 points for playing the piano
1,Honestly, it's not 9.23
1,Genre is fantasy?
1,I was wondering...
1,I agree with you, movies with beautiful colors and scenery in the same context as October
3,in a daze
1,It's bread
5,a ridiculous rating
6,Slightly obvious;
5,What's that?
1,It's too high
6,Overrated movie. Frustrating and obvious plot.
1,Don't give me a 10 rating just because you're touched -- the 8 rating should be lowered to a proper level
1,It's not that...
1,Teenage middle school girls. I think Korean movies are better
1,Yes?
6,"Mysterious TV Surprise Theater Version"
1,I think mid-eight is good enough.
1,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high.Let's not give him 10 points just because it's touching.
5,Why is this rated high?
6,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9.22...
1,It was plausible in the beginning and the middle, but since then, it's Harry Potter-like Andromeda
1, well
6,Well, the scenario isn't my cup of tea.
1,I was so grossly uninteresting that I was embarrassed by the rating; for the record, Ifonly watched with tears
6,I was watching well...The last regret turned into frustration.
6,The piano melody is beautiful and the acting is good, but the story is disappointing.
1,It was really badThis?
4,It's not realistic, it's childish, it's just good music. A movie that would be good for young students
2,It's usually worth watching if the majority recommend it, but this is... It's exhausting.
3,It's funny, but why is it in the 9th place? ;; It's overrated, but it's not a masterpiece
1,an easy ending
1,a typical overestimation
1,Do you know what's the difference between an expert rating and an expert rating on Cine 21? It's snow! Snow!
1,FANTASY! Unreasonable twist! I think it's glorified and wrapped well in pretty wrappers. Therefore, 1 point
1,I know even if you don't say itIt's chocolate pie! This!
6,Personally, I think it's such a forced movie. It's so easy and I'm overwhelmed
1,It's kind of boring... The music is good ^^;
1,The best in the national team!
1,It's just boring It's not fun. It's a personal evaluation.
1,Let's lower the rating -- how unfair would a nine-point movie be to see this movie?
1,It's kind of boring.; Is it because it's too musical?
6,The pitch is excellent, but there are too many loopholes in the movie. But first love is beautiful
1,A movie that only remembers the piano melody
3,Horror & Comic. Playing the piano was good ^^
1,The movie that got fooled by NAVER's rating...Love stories that have crossed over different times are already too common
1,A very unpleasant movie rating of 8.5 is appropriate
1,Especially the overrated movie on Naver.
1,Beautiful music and directing, but...A cliche story that lacks 2 per cent. I'm trying to cut.
1,Only I Love You + Beautiful Mind + Horror Movie? A crude combination.Not a clean ending
1,Piano battle immer..The piano isn't like this.; A glorified movie...It's hard to sing a slow song.
4,It was an interesting movie and there were some creepy scenes, but it was nothing more than a love letter to me.
1,a movie for elementary school students
1,A movie for thoughtless children to enjoy
4,Poor composition and goosebumps.A movie that only remembers Gyerunmi...
1,If you look at music as a center, it's okay to focus on fantasy love, but I'm a big fan of music
5,Just such a tacky movie. I like music movies like crazy, but this is not...
6,The music was good and the story of the twist was...
1,I can't understand why this movie has such a high rating.
4,unspeakable crudeness
6,Personally, it was childish.
1,Why is the rating so high... I can only remember the piano battle
1,To be honest, there was nothing to see on the piano -_-
1,It's like I've seen it somewhere. It's just a fake. Trash in a word.
1,I don't know why the ratings are so high... it was the worst by my standards.
2,Movie below the standard, Toto's Heaven, Love Letter, and I'm going to meet you now a jigsaw movie
1,Give me the dog
1,I hope you don't fall for the rating. It's an elementary and middle school movie. It's so childish.Hahaha
1,This is the same level as "Life is Beautiful" in a contrived fantasy
6,It's all mixed up... Score given because of music
1,I think it's too obvious; a movie that doesn't leave much of a comic or moving impression on me
1,Your rating is too high
6,Well,
1,an unspeakable loss Don't trust the score Half a star is a waste
1,I've seen this movie twice, but it doesn't have a rating of 9.22
1,Was it because of expectations? I was a little disappointed. The rating is too high
3,All I remember is a piano competition.a bit of a ridiculous movie
4,I expected the story after watching a little bit at first. The music was worth listening to...
1,I'm so sleepy. I was bored to death watching until the end
1,I usually get a good rating for a movie that gets cursed at because it looks like a beggar, but this one has a high rating
1,A movie that keeps playing the piano, it's really not fun. It was annoying.
1,too high for the movie
6,It's going to be good, but suddenly.
1,I'm not saying that this movie is worth a point, but to let people know that it's a work that's right.
1,The rating is ....This is too high
1,I was looking forward to it, but... Actually, I want to give you 7 points. I think the score is too high
1,That's ridiculous.
1,9.22? Play the piano at Jay Chou's piano academy
1,a dreary.c
3,It was okay until the middle of the movie, but... What's this -_-? The question and the feeling of discomfort -_-)
1,a testament to the test
2,It was so focused on playing the piano that I didn't seem to be faithful to the story.
1,OOO --
2,Weave trash...People who watch movies properly can see how trashy it is.
4,I thought it was a good movie, but I can't believe it's higher than Titanic.It's a bit ridiculous
1,That's a ridiculous - -;; rating is too high
1,Personally, I don't think it's a movie that'll get this much rating
3,Well, it wasn't bad, but it wasn't a bad movie
1,Oh my... The rating... I have nothing to say...
5,It's boring but it's not funny at the same time I don't understand the rating
1,It's not a one-point movie, but I think the rating is overpackaged now.
1,Childish, island-jjang-gae.
6,Isn't this an obvious story?
1,It's not just a movie owned by Chou Geol-ryun.
6,Um...................I was wondering because it was 30,000 points in total.Oh, 50% of teenagers.lol
5,That's so childish.5 points for the music.
1,What... I wasted my time this night.-,.-ㅡ,.ㅡ
5,If only love. It should be lower than actual.
1,This is good, but the score is too high
1,I don't know what's the best...
2,It was ridiculous
6,So childish;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
1,I agree. I don't understand why this would be award-winning and calm.
1,Let's find our spot
1,a motif similar to that of agreement I can't stand the vague ending, the rating is this much.
6,It feels like we're too close in the middle
1,Originally, I want to give 7 to 8 but the rating is too high.
1,It's a good movie, but I think the rating is too high
5,It's... it's not exciting, it's not fun. Now, I have a high interest in watching movies
1,Seol's acting has improved a lot.
6,It's childish, but it's not corny. The fresh love unique to Asia created by fantasy and music.
1,Hwang Chu-saeng is flustered!
1,Frequnce, Agreed, October Love in October, IF ONLY = Reason why this movie is 0.5 point
1,Honestly, I don't think it's such a fun welcomeㅜ I'm sorry
1,This isn't it...
1,Come out, the magic piano! With the attached sheet music!
1,You want me to give a point to another movie to raise the ranking? I'll give you 1 point because you're so shy
2,In the first ten minutes, I knew the heroine was invisible to others After that, 100% expected hit
3,Did I watch too many movies ;; I didn't feel much fun.;
1,1 point was also made into operation
1,Children's movies
1,I'm not good except for the piano battle
5,It's a movie that's too precious to give half a point. I believed in NAVER ratings, but I'm disappointed.--ㅡㅡ
1,What's so funny?
1,I can't believe it.How can a movie like this get 9 points?I understand about 7 points, but I'm adjusting the score
1,I didn't like it
1,Beggar Gatta
4,It looks difficult, but it's an easy movie that Koreans will like
6,Sentiment that I saw a lot in Japanese movies. But there is no emotion. Playing the piano is good!
5,It's not that...
2,All I remember is a piano battle. It's not fun. It's a movie with 7 points
1,I enjoyed watching it, but 9.21 is too high.  You have to put it down
1,It's not like this
6,A fantasy movie also needs truthfulness.
1,All I remember is a piano battle, it's not fun. a movie with seven points in it
1,It's okay, but this is the score. It's a bit sloppy, and the visual beauty is connected, but it'
1,What is it --;;; rating is a total scam, but I was tricked
6,Just a normal melodrama. The OST was good
1,The background, the character was beautiful, but there was no most important impression.
1,As you sow, so you shall reap.
1,I can't even talk to you
1,Something's wrong with this...
1,I don't know why it's so high... If there is a cartoon rating, pure cartoon would be number one.
