패밀리 맨
6,I felt that Jack lacked the opportunity to love his family. I was touched that I became affectionate with my family, but he complained and got annoyed. Why? It's like this
6,
2,If you're swayed by a woman's sensibilities, you're a George of your life, and the West is the same
4,And then later in the day, when Jack got a new job, Kate would have been better off, but after that scene, I couldn't concentrate on the movie because I was wondering why she was so against it
4,I understand the point, but I don't understand the extreme opposition of women not being able to move to work.;;;
5,I understand the point of the movie, but honestly, in the second half, Jack asked me to find a new job and move, but seeing a woman who's against it for all sorts of reasons is a little... Almost opposition lol maybe it's because of a woman who has a good enough job and doesn't try to find a way to make things better, just applying dichotomous thinking to make Jack's life seem suffocating all the time...It was as if Jack had a new job that he had inevitably laid down the premise as if he couldn'tIt's also good luck to meet women well
4,Rather, the standard of true happiness has become somewhat confusing. We have to express more clearly why the value of "we" is superior to the value of "wealth," but it just ends with "Anyway, it's good if we're together."
6,Plain subject and sloppy plot. If it weren't for the beauty of the heroine, I would have lowered the rating. Just for the killing time.
6,
2,How did you make it on Wall Street with that stupid hair? It's just a squeeze. I'm impressed. Like the people who are not good at Shintoism, the score is generous. I give you less in return
2,I was tricked by the review score. I am a worldly person
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's like a traditional fairy tale. "That's why they chose us." I got the famous line
6,Based on the current standards, the content is pretty corny. Babies are pretty.
1,The main character, Jack Campbell, is a puppy
6,Family movie recommendations for the year-end and New Year holidays
5,It was boring. I don't know why the rating is high.
6,Jack's dog, Yoo Ki-bum... I think it would have been better if a woman went to Paris. It's a humanist movie, so there's nothing we can do about it.
6,About people...It's a well-made movie that reminds you of the importance of your family. But... I feel like I'm giving up on all the girls. In the end, Jack got both work and love...I can't believe I caught you trying to get to a better place.I wonder what it would have been like if the woman just left and both of them came back to the beginning and started.
4,I enjoyed watching it when I was 20 years old, but now that I am over 40 years old...The story is kind of sloppy ㅜㅜ
6,What judgment do we make when reason, emotion, reality, and dreams are intertwined?
6,Do you really think so? I think hell is Jack living in poverty with his family. I'm weird.  It's like a horror movie to me
6,Personally, the story seems awkward because it was released in the 2000s. 5 stars for the heroine's beauty
1,Mark, standardize the Nanjing bus service.
6,It was the warmest movie I've ever seen.
1,Old Maybach has had several heavy loads this year.
1,It's the fault of Annie and Josh to take over the earth spoon in a movie like OO
1,Well, I think it's better and better for both of you to build your own careers. Is that really an utopia?
5,I'm living a happy and family life now, and I feel a bit monotonous because every day is repeated. Of course, I'm grateful for my life now, but... I envied Jack the super tycoon. If I were given that choice, I would live alone, enjoy everything, and by then I would miss the preciousness of my family, but the opportunity cost
2,It's so far from reality
6,The ending, which ended with great music as if leaving a great lingering impression, was impressive. If you're sad that Jack couldn't express his feelings during the movie running time, feel sad
1,I was looking forward to it. I had a dream, and I thought I'd start over 13 years ago with my girlfriend
5,a warm-hearted Christmas present
3,It's an unrealistic, very masculine movie.I don't think it's easy for modern people to sympathize with. Especially for women who have dreams, the movie causes anger and discomfort. It's my personal opinion.Hah!
1,Identifying the subject in 10 minutes. An obvious story.No probability. All of a sudden, love scene lol. A character who's a no-dap in a male character. It's a dog-like story that makes you have a family love that you didn't have. It's a waste of time. It's just super boring
5,T.A. Leonie is so pretty.So it's not realistic.
6,Will family happiness and peace be abandoned if money and honor are earned? I understand the small happiness and the importance of everyday life, but I don't want to influence the future of my people.
6,It didn't really hit home.
1,Humanism imposed on contrived settings and unilateral standards
1,What are you saying is touching? Convince me, Nicholas. His acting was kind of clumsy, but he woke up, and he's in a different world. How can he act so embarrassed? It's so touching I don't think a woman can be persuaded by saying that at the end. She thinks she's crazy
1,Why are people saying this is touching? Is this kind of stupidity touching?
1,The best family movie
2,She said she'd be better off on her own, but it doesn't fit our emotions
3,If you're touched by a movie that requires the audience to impress themselves, not a movie, you should suspect that you've seen too many similar works to be touched reflexively.
5,It's a depressing movie.In the end, dreams are just dreams, so don't hold false hopes and stay true to reality. I can feel the ruling class' intention to make small citizens conform to reality-adaptive attitude
6,The main character's dilemma between work and love is not very new. However, the movie's serious attitude and good acting convey this convincingly.
4,I think we need to adjust the rating.  The content is too plain.  Christmas doesn't cover everything
4,It's a story about waking up from a dream and trying to change reality, but it's so empty...
6,La Means I Love You
4,It was a storage that could be touching enough, but it was almost impossible to relate to. The only thing I remember is a love song that Jack whispered to his wife at an outdoor party.
6,I understand the message from the movie, but it didn't touch, it wasn't fun ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
6,The message the movie is trying to convey is good, but it is not very interesting.  A self-made workaholic like the main character in the movie will realize a lot, but 99.9% of people won't
1,I turned it off at exactly 34 minutes. One day, my life suddenly changed, so far, I can understand it as a movie imagination, but I can't relate to it at all after that. Jack is treated like a psychopath and he has to shoot everyone. I can't relate to the movie, so I can't get into the movie and it's not fun
6,Waiting makes your meeting more romantic.
2,In reality, 100 out of 100 people will choose money, but the movie itself is fun
4,Do you have to live well when you're family?
1,구식 크리스마스 가족 영화...
6,Hmm.....it's not enough to be a masterpiece
6,a marriage-promoting film
6,A suitable movie to watch with your family during the Christmas season...
6,Although contrived, I could feel the emotion that the author intended.
6,BGM that reminds me of home alone...Just a fun movie.
1,About seven points, the storyline is too plain and dry. Honestly, it was so boring
1,I don't like it
1,The story is good, but the movie should not be shown to Korean women.
5,In our language, it's pathetic.
6,Jingle Bell! Jingle Bell! Just that much beautiful movie
6,The credit goes up so nicely...
5,The epitome of the Christmas movie of the Japanese Spring Dream, despite all the bad reviews, is fine.
6,It's a disaster if you let someone who lived alone experience it and put it back
6,좋아요.
6,I wonder why I wasn't so impressed with this movie. A movie that's sadder than I thought
6,After watching 88 minutes, I recommend this movie to Alpacino
5,The director's message? A project to reunite couples?I expected a touching family drama, but I was disappointed
4,Obstruction of immersion with forced settings
6,I am happy.
6,Honestly, the lesson is one thing, but it's so boring.
6,It was fun when I watched it when I was young, but now I'm a little bored
6,Did I expect too much?
6,A moderately happy family movie...
6,The rating is too high...
6,The modern version of 'Christmas Carol', romantic attempts are good, but there is no work like the original.
3,I can't agree. I want to succeed. I'm tired now. It's annoying. You'll see.
4,I was looking forward to it, but I'm disappointed
6,See you with your family even if it's not Christmas.
1,This story is not correct in 2008 at all. Who will throw away the money?
1,I don't think it's as interesting as the rating.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,나빠
1,A movie that doesn't combine love and success a trite impression
6,It's a happy thing that we have our own language
1,Look at the wonderful life and say it, elementary school kids
1,What's there for Christmas?
2,The content was good, but the movie is too slow and boring.
1,The rating is too high. It needs to be low. I'll give you 6-7 points
6,Well? The rating is too high
1,7-8 points is easy.The rating is too high.
2,not much
5,Dreaming American... It's disgusting.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
2,Forced...
3,That's what I'm saying.
2,If you want to have everything, can't you?
1,Top
6,Personally, a boring movie
6,The last one is a bit disappointing
1,Normal...
1,.......................so normal...
1,Not really
5,somehow
1,Honestly, the rating is too high
1,I was looking forward to it because of the ratings and Nicholas Cage, but...
1,I was looking forward to it because of the ratings and Nicholas Cage, but...
1,  warm
1,It wasn't that bad
4,Not very...;;;
1,If you want to see a 10-point movie, watch the original ranking movie
1,Nicholas's appearance has become boring these days
6,I want to give you 8 points, but -_- I can't believe this is 3rd place. So, let's go with 2 points
6,A warm family movie, Nicholas, always worth his name
4,Success? Family happiness? The content is good, but it's complicated, so the score is low.
4,A movie that is sad about Cage's transformation
6,What is most important to humans? That was a bit weak
5,I'm in the Vidocq room. Can't you concentrate?Naten, that wasn't funny.
1,Why do you give me 10 points? How can a movie like this...
5,It's not a masterpiece, but a movie that makes you think
6,A good family movie.But you don't need a horoscope, it's high.
4,It's a movie without humor in a weird and comical situation setting.It's kind of a depressing romantic comedy.-_-
6,Tea Leoni comes out so lovely.
5,a good movie
