12번째 솔저
6,There are parts that are not understood in terms of the content, but considering the situation and feelings of the main character and the people around me, I have a lot of sympathy for what it would have been like. A movie that I watched interestingly!
2,It's not fun. It's dragging.
4,There's no fighting or resisting the Germans at all, it's just an escape and it's over. Movie motifs are not clearly communicated
6,It's a Leverant...
1,The real person is really great, but to be fair, the movie was great. Rather than forming a consensus, why did you take your ID card all the time? I wouldn't have been chased if I.D. I don't have any information from the main character because he's been running away after failing the bombing, but at the end, he's setting the mood, and confidential documents that don't mean anything in the story just look like bluff, and the movie's a little carcinogenic
6,Running time and breathing are so long and boring that it is frustrating to see. It would have been better if I cut it for 30 minutes
5,The story is epic and good, but I think I set the running time too long.It was shorter than Titanic, but it felt much longer than Titanic.I don't really... I can't recommend...
6,It might have been better for the protagonist to come to an end with his colleaguesSurviving and making the neighbors suffer.k. I thought I was going to die when I was caught by the German army who helped me a lot. Anyway, the main character was weak and the neighbors around me were strong. I don't think it's a documentary movie that's more interesting
4,If you like Korean movies, watch this movie
4,Hide the fleeing Independence Army well.It's a great patriotism.But nothing has been accomplished. This much is made into a movie in Norway.  If you think about it, I think our country is very spectacular.
6,Until the early and mid-terms, he led well with immersive directing, but as he went beyond the middle and into the second half, he was not immersed at all due to too much setting.If you put forward a verification of reality that it was based on a true story, there should be even a word of possibility, but it does not seem to be so at all.
6,It's so cold even when I cover myself with a blanket
4,Pianist enjoyed watching it very much. It's a similar movie, but it's not fun
3,As a whole, it's not fun as a war movie because it's based on realism
1,a movie that ends in two hours of boring care for patients
6,Norway's mother nature, visual beauty, and the main character's viability were good, but... In the end, you didn't do anything special against the Germans, you just ran away.
6,What made him immortal?
2,Bored and the villain. Not scared at all
5,There's not much tension Boredom
1,I'm doing a live show to save one person. There's nothing he can do about it and he doesn't have much information, so I don't know why he's Norway's hope. It was boring the whole time I watched it.
5,To be honest, it's not that funny. Historically, it's great, but...
1,I was fooled by the rating...Very boring...
1,an overly long and curt grammar
1,Compared to Korea, which has nothing to brag about but Operation Dawn in Aden...
1,It's not fun at all of a sudden
4,It's not fun. I'm watching itI don't even know why a soldier who failed the mission was going to Sweden, but because it's a neutral country, it's safe to go... I don't know why it's the Norwegian's hope to divert a failed soldier to Sweden. It's full of incomprehensible things
