아이즈 온 미 : 더 무비
4,If you're not a fan of "IZ*ONE," it's not much different from TV entertainment shows or YouTube videos, so it will be.
1,Ahn Joonyoung
1,Ahn Joonyoung
1,It was pretty good, but I would have made a better group if it weren't for the fabrication, so I would like to express my condolences to the trainees who would have shed tears of blood because of the fabrication.
1,Ahn Joonyoung
1,A fabricated idol?
1,A touching fabrication story feast
1,....,group created by manipulation
1,
1,
1,I'm going to implement the definition of rating manipulation for the ppadol babies
1,Now you're making up your ratings
1,
1,Wow... Does this group have fans? There was an incident
1,
1,This is obviously fabricated, right?
1,Don't raise the rating.
1,It was touching, but I hope you didn't confuse the movie's evaluation with the fan's heart. Even if I'm a fan, I was bored, but IZ*ONE is the best! crying
1,It's just
1,.Naver movie ranking typically distorts !! I want you to distinguish between being a fan and objective movie evaluation
2,
1,Phew...
1,The manipulation group is shameless
1,Movie poster? The title is BTS movie Burn the Stage: The Movie and Bring the Soul: It's so similar...
1,
1,What do you mean 9 points? Fans, get a hold of course
1,This year's worst movie is making a movie. Aren't they a project like Wanna One? Hurry up and restore it
1,Text voting and star ratings
1,I'm sad that 1 point is the lowest
1,..Ganada Ramabasa Azacha
1,Honestly, this kind of movie is just for the fans.In a word, it's not fun
1,I'm here for a fair society.
1,Does it make sense to win first place on Naver movie?
1,A bad idol who is shamelessly active after being selected for manipulation, these manipulative group fans don't deserve to curse because it's their country or Jeong Yu
1,It's a fake group. If you make money out of emotion, other victims, attachments, and everything will be manipulated. Don't you feel sorry for those who didn't know that?
1,Isn't it the girl group that made this song go up?
3,IZ*ONE, good bye
2,It's just like that. Money is a waste
1,
2,
1,What is this...I think there are many people in the world with so many preferences
1,
1,
1,I hope we can promote as the ones who were chosen fairly
1,
1,Rating adjustment
1,I'll give you 1 point to go down a little bit because you're No. 1 in Naver's overall movie, hoping for a fair movie competition.
1,
1,No matter how hard it is, the most rated NAVER movie is Eva
1,....the second Clementine?!
1,I'm so touched.
1,Padori, make up your mind
1,Shareholder manipulation, shareholder manipulation
1,Just enough~~~~~
1,The rating was so high that I watched it and it was so boring
2,It's funny to give too much score to the performance
1,ㅓ
1,I don't know... Please enjoy it
1,
1,It's the best
2,Is it a fabricated movie?
1,-/:;(?&@",?! 'Factual defamation
1,You're so funny, otaku-sagi
1,I have a lot to say, but I won't
1,I already went to the concert, so it was so loose Maybe it's because I already know it, but I just filmed the concert and made it into a movie. Don't watch the concert if you saw it
1,Is this the same touching movie as watching Youtube when you order a chicken instead of watching it?
5,fromis_9 have a great time!
1,
1,1 point is not enough
