명탐정 코난: 베이커가의 망령
1,No, not to Rengoku Kyōjuro
6,The 11th striker is 100 times more fun
3,I watched it until 1 hour and 16 minutes. I heard it's the most complete movie version, but I don't think it's that fun. I couldn't see it through. In the movie, there is a saying that Japan should be reset because it ignores individuality and is uniform, but that sounds right. Anyway, it's a good level of cartoon for kids.
2,I don't know how to watch a movie. Baker is being fooled by Sherlock.Users who don't know how great Conan is.If you like Sherlock better, Baker won't admit to being a ghost.Playstation users have bad brains, too.
1,,,...,,.,,。Imported Country Air and Home Map
1,Intersection Living Room and Eurasian Zozer Protection Archaeology
5,It was released after 6 years in 2002
6,Why am I getting bored?  I'm looking for Annie, the hot detective, and I'm looking for her.
2,Sudoku game where you can see all the answers
1,Maybe he'll continue to be a fandom?
4,I've reached out to the game, but...
6,Artificial intelligence and a unique subject called London in the game.
1,What's the rating? It's not this high
1,When will Conan ever end?
1,In fact, Conan, the worst movie ever, was a mystery at all as an animation, but it became a crazy fantasy animation, despite its long duration. It's a movie version that only children drooling over the sparkling play.
1,boring and cliche
1,I see a child's temperature on my cheek
1,I think this movie is aimed at the low-aged, but not only in Korea but also in Japan, the box office score is so good that the movie has completely lost its function as a mystery in the early days of Conan's aging every year
6,Since when did Conan become a fantasy?
5,I can't believe it's fun. Are you kidding me?
1,It's so funny
5,Conan's movie version is more than basic...This isn't more or less. I just did the basics
4,I'm a little weak.
1,It was cheesy. It wasn't fun
1,It wasn't good...
6,It's a little bit worth watching.
1,It's no fun, Conan
1,Thanks to elementary school students, we are going to get 1st place on Naver.LOL
1,Are you kidding me?
6,It's funny, but it's a little childish. The rating is too high;;
1,It's not even 9 stars... (But it's not even 1 star, but I think I need to give it some stars
3,Conan Theater Edition for Children
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,It's not realistic
1,What are you looking at?
6,I'm the only one who doesn't understand Cocoon at all? It's just like a scam; reality ㅠㅠ
1,I didn't know you were all elementary school kids here, 28 years old.It's fun for the kids
6,I guess I was the only one who didn't have fun
1,I looked at the ratings, but I'm going to lower the ratings.
1,I want to give you 5 points, but the rating is so high that Conan's movie version is not fun compared to Shin Chan
6,Lack of episodes...
6,= It's a waste to watch it with money = I should have just watched it at home. It's like a movie that Shin Chan can't stop
4,Me too;; Conan's murder is bizarre, but it's a bit simple and very boring
1,Am I weird? Very childish. I'm a fan, but I've got Sherlock Holmes together Sherlock Holmes.
1,굿~~~ 굿~ 굿~~ 굿~~ 굿~~~~ 굿~~
6,The movie version is boring. a rated beach
6,Ah... Is it because I watched it when I was tired? I'm a little sleepy...
4,It was fun to watch a movie led by my nephew, but it'
1,I don't like you
6,Should I say that it's the best in the second half? I downloaded it and it didn't taste good.
1,가세요
1,It's a movie you have to concentrate on. Don't watch this to me
1,There is no answer
1,It is a movie that I watched about 4 years ago. Are you going to worry about Korean movies? (Maybe it would have been nice if it was 12th)
6,Is this coming out right now? I watched up to episode 11
1,Wow, that's funny... How does Lan remember the story he didn't hear? It's so funny...
1,This is not very good.
1,Your rating is too high now. 6 to 7.5 seems appropriate
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before. I almost went crazy
1,Otaku-only comic book, "Don't Forget"ㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉ Look at Iron Man, otaku
1,The cartoon was not fun either ㅉㅉ
4,It's not that... It's just a normal level.It's a waste to see an adult in the theater.
1,I guess I got older. I couldn't concentrate at all
6,It's a movie that my little boy liked more, right?
1,Not at all...
2,It is interesting, but it has been released in Japan for many years. I can't believe it's coming out now
1,so, that
6,I have to read and read Holmes' novels.
3,I think it's too boring I think the story is crazy and just laugh
3,Conan makes everything on his own. It is more interesting to read Sherlock Holmes.
5,Compared to the other movies I watched recently, Takeen, The Girl Running Time, and so on, it was just so.
1,What in the world?
1,It's all part-time jobs. It's not fun for elementary school students to watch
1,Are you kidding, is this a movie?Oh, my
1,It's been a long time since I made it in Japan
1,It's been years since I saw this... It's coming out now. This movie cartoon...It's just... Middle school level
1,Why do you have a high score? I dozed off with my boyfriend and ended up sleeping.Comic books are so funny and boring
1,The first-middle story... The ending is more dark. - Don't be fooled by the ratings
1,It's a little too much of course.How is this overall number one -_-;;
1,Is the person who opened this mind or not? Are you going to open the one from 6 years ago now?
1, attract, invite, lure
6,It was worth seeing
1,It's so much fun. I'll lower the rating
1,What is it? It's too high
6,Too much format... "Why don't I know this?" This should come out
1,Is it a movie?
1,The rebellion of elementary school students... Elementary students shouldn't participate in this...
1,I can't believe it
1,No matter how hard it is, it's 10 points
1,Why is this...
1,One point
1,It's just normal. But the bubbles are too high
4,It's not fun for Conan, it's not hard, it's not hard, it's a little boring
1,I can't believe a trash movie like this has a rating of 9.26
1,To me, Annie is not that
5,For elementary school students, it's 10 points...
1,It's not funny
3,Dubbing and the pressure of "Aoyama Yoshimasa." Writer Aoyama Gosho is going to cry.
1,I'm bored now. Repeated content -_-
1,It's a rebellion of elementary school students. To be honest, 9.37... This is not right.
1,Let's take care of ourselves
1,I don't think it's a grade like this
5,Making fun of the audience with the Children's Day special. It's a cartoon from a long time ago
1,This is so obvious. Tsk tsk tsk...
1,Even if it's a children's movie, honestly, the rating is not zero.
1,As expected, the score is
1,I like Conan. I really like him
1,I don't like Annie getting higher ratings than Taken and Iron Man chasers.
1,Should I believe this or not -_-;;
1,I don't really...
2,What's funny about this? The crystal of childishness
1,It's the worst movie ever!
1,It's not fun!
6,It's kind of hard for the kids
1,It's the best of the best masterpiece series
1,It was the most fun
1,The 6th generation is the worst movie version. It's a complete OOO cartoon
