스쿨 오브 락
6,I don't like the idea of rock for young children, but I liked their acting and cooperationFor your information, rock music has a bad background of Satan worship, alcohol and drugs, so it's not a good content to teach young children, but I liked the fact that children were able to achieve something one by one
1,It's a waste of even one point. The worst movie of my life. If you turn it off halfway, don't watch itㅠㅠ Sincerely
1,I don't know if it's fun...
1,The fact is that if you cheat like that, it's a performance and a fake job fraud, the principal of the school will hit the school constantly on the day of the parent meeting, and the parents will sue the scammer right away. It was a ridiculous fantasy settinglook.
2,I guess we don't have the same codeㅠㅠ I barely saw my parentsㅠㅠ Gag Concert? Infinite Challenge? People who like this kind of thing will like it. It was like a slapstick one-man show for me! It's my personal review~~~~
1,It was boring and boring. Jack Black's acting was ear-piercing and excessive, so it wasn't good. It's the first time I've ever hated people who gave me high marks.
5,It's cringe-worthy. I've watched it hard once, but I can't watch it again.
1,If the subscriber stock group considers protecting
6,Rock version of "Dead Poets Society". It's fun to watch Crazy Jack Black
6,11.12.27 It was fun. Jack Black can't get used to this.
1,It's not fun. I didn't know Jack Black was this boring
1,A good entertainment movie. 6 points
6,Jack Black's performance was impressive, and the final performance was fantastic
2,Oh my! How do I can't! What do you do to a 13-year-old boy?
6,Jack Black's passionate performance is dazzling.
2,Wow, I saw this when I was in 9th grade. It's like downloading it on my computer
1,Jack Black and Joan Cusack are both favorite actors and the movie is so poo. I went to the IMDB and they said the evaluations were a waste of time. But Koreans call it an American comedy and say it's funny. I guess so.
1,It's a good movie, but I was looking forward to it because it was definitely a movie that made me laugh. The story itself is a really cringe-worthy happy ending story, but as I turned 20s, I was cliche because the innocence disappeared. But it's good for kids
6,About the real meaning of education
1,I enjoyed watching it.
1,Is it a movie that elementary school students can watch? I'd rather play Soranet than watch this LOL
2,a childish and boring movie
1,It's not fun...The rating is too high, so I think I need to cut it
1,But now that I look back, it'
3,Obvious story, a dull American joke. The hard rock is also ordinary songs
1,Isn't 9 points a masterpiece? No matter how much I think about it, the horoscope is too much for fun
6,Oh, my God, this has such a high rating
1,I was really looking forward to it. What is it? You're not qualified, you're a substitute teacher, and when you do nothing, you're totally unlikable. I don't understand why people at school are doing this to high school students. I hate characters
1,It's corny. It's the level that a typical teenager would like, that's all. I think "Nacho Libre" is better. I like Jack Black, but honestly, I don't think it's a movie with 9 points
1,The rating is 9.21?? Are you kidding me???
2,It was a bit boring at first ^^
6,Why? What's funny is a mouse?crying
5,It's exciting, but it's too far-fetched from school to the end...
4,I'm excited because it's rock canol, but the limit of killing time music video...
5,Childish to adults and uneducated to children
6,It's fun, but...  The ending was a little off, so 6 points. Honestly, in the rock contest for adults, I think it's kind of ridiculous that people support him until the end even though a band like that didn't win first place without being criticized by everyone.
4,a movie full of contradictions
1,I saw it two years ago, and the story is so boring
4,Why is this so boring? This is a movie
3,Then
1,Laughter is rotten enough for killing time.If you think 21 Jumpstreet or Whitechicks are funny, don't watch it because it's a really rotten movie.It's funny that Korean kids are funny, but the gag code doesn't match. It's just saying, "Let's go to Mars, yeah." Don't look at it
6,It's childish and obvious, but it's full of exciting music
1,a rock-paper-scissors movieThe rating needs to be adjusted.It seems good for killing time, but it's a pity that the story is obvious.
1,I think the rating is too high.Rating adjustment
1,It's a comedy, but why wasn't it fun for me?It's just a perfect movie to kill time.
1,Oh, this is so boring. - It seems like everyone's part-time job
6,I think it's fun
6,In a word, it's pleasant... a film saved by Jack Black
5,You said it was fun, it wasn't funny, it wasn't touching, it wasn't fresh.
4,I can see the ending so clearly even if I see it's too obvious.Even the process to the end is so boring...
5,The main character's shamelessness + boring development...I got 5 points because I was a bit touched in the second half
1,An obvious play, cringe-worthy acting...I think the 7 points range is appropriate...Brainwashing to Break the Classic Education
5,Kids' movies
5,I've seen a lot of pomet, but the laughter and emotion that bloomed in the cliche are weak
3,It's been a while since I last got a rating ㅠㅠ I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9 points
1,Honestly, it's a boring story and it's obvious as we go into the second half.
2,It's 2 points
5,To be honest, except for when we went up to the end credits...--ㅡㅡ
6,I don't know. I thought it would be rated as a bad movie, but it's not fun
4,Jack Black, you've worked so hard on a movie like this...
6,I don't know what fun you're watching If it's 9 points, you have to be distracted. Phew! If you give it well, it's 6 points
6,Rock too loud movie, content and touching is not good.
6,It has the same rating as "Beautiful Mind".I was looking forward to it.An obvious movie for a touching killing time
6,an ordinary touch for a musical film
6,It's fun, but I recommend Coach Carter. Lee Young-hwan practices and tries less than Coach Carter movies
1,Oh, I was fooled by the score. It's not fun, it's not touching.
1,I trusted the ratings and failed the day... Deupin's dictatorship...
4,It's simple, exciting, and touching, but I have a high score!Kids good. Good
1,I wonder if it's here to trust NAVER'
5,It's a little cheesy.
1,I enjoyed watching it, but it's kind of boring. The rating is too high. About 8 points is appropriate.
1,아 익ㅈ궈ㅣㅁ자ㅓㅜ해룹ㄷ제ㅐ휍둬ㅔ휃즈;ㅂㅎㄹ;ㄷ지르;ㅡㅂㄷㅈ;ㅡㄹ
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
1,All the people who gave the rating are either male or rock band members
1,I really don't like it.
6,Too obvious American drama, mostly teenagers.
1,Elementary school students and part-timers, how much higher do you need to get? It's a real trash movie
4,Where should I laugh?
3,I don't understand the rating I looked at it just in case, and the Imdb rating was low
2,It's relatively natural, but it's like it's forced to flow... The rating is about 9.0
6,I've seen so many movies in a similar format that I wasn't impressed.
1,Oh... Time is a waste
1,Oh... Spring for no reason
1,It's fun for elementary, middle, and high school students, but it's not a movie to watch when they get old. Why on earth is it so high?
1,I just can't believe this movie has the same rating as Forest Gump.--;ㅡㅡ;
1,Can you believe the kids did all this? Of course I can't.-ㅡ
4,I don't know if it's really interesting or not. -_-; It's not fun, it's not touching, it's just that kind of movie
1,Don't try to fool me, you guys, don't try to fool me
1,It's not my type of movie. It's so childish
6,I don't think it's a movie that's more than nine points
1,Not really
1,It's not really a cornerstone. Love is cheap compared to riding in the rain, you fools...simple fun
2,It's not a movie that will score 9 points
3,If I saw him when I was 10, I would have given him 10 points. It's just a school festival movie. There was no laughter.
6,I don't like rock, but the reviews looked fun, so I just... It's not bad
5,It's less than I expected. The story is very plain. Don't look forward to it.
1,The pig is disgusting
6,Are you kidding me?To be honest, the hero's behavior is a bit annoying for someone who doesn't like rock
1,To glorify a person with his own dogma and prejudice with the subject of 'rock' and 'child' -- LOL
4,I'm not impressed even though I put the children out.
1,One more point. It's a fitting story and I really don't like the actor
1,It's unrealistic and repulsive. There's no logic in the story. It's not fun at all right
1,9.2 is a bad movie. It's just worth watching
1,It's not that funny. It's not that touching. a boring and unrealistic film
