클래식
6,If it weren't for the actors, it would have been a fantasy B-rated movie.
3,The background music from the beginning to the end of the movie still lingers in my ears.
4,Son Ye-jin's beauty, acting, and bicycle-riding music were barely carried and overrated as a masterpiece.
5,The sensibility is pretty and the setting is excessive, and the cliche becomes classic with the convenience of the cliché.
4,I was him because I didn't like dragging romance.But Cho Seungwoo's acting is amazing
1,What a pathetic movie. How many times did you squeeze it; the more I watched it, the more I was dumbfoundedLol;;
1,Son Ye-jin is pretty, reminds me of my first love, and tacky.
1,I've never seen such a boring movie.
6,a sunset glow of watercolor
1,The development is too loose. I strongly recommend it for insomnia patients.
4,The acting is hard to watch the movie.I agree with Cho Seungwoo
2,I just saw it. It's so boring. Who likes movies like this? As expected, Koreans burst slowly
6,It's really good, but Jun knew it would be hard if he married him, so he sent it to someone else and married another girl and gave birth to a child. And the place where he died and was sprayed is where he met Joohee. Then what about Jun's wife? I like the movie but it takes too long
1,I can't watch it because it's cringe-worthy.two eight years of sensitivity
1,I'm disappointed in everything but the OST.
5,I dream of pure love again.
1,I watched it because my horoscope was so high. As if I liked girls, there were no twists and turns, it was a movie where Jo In-sung and Ppasoon gave me perfect horoscope. About 8 points is appropriate.
4,A movie that copies the legend of autumn. To those who wonder why the movie is so long...
2,Jo In-sung didn't have the courage to go straight, so he used Son Ye-jin's friend and slapped her for what she did she do well? Son Ye-jin said Cho Seung-woo was blind, but why did she marry another woman? Why do you invite Son Ye-jin to the funeral when you have a wife in good condition?
4,I was so dumbfounded when I was watching this that I was laughing. I was crying!Cry! Aren't you going to cry?  In the scene where I can't see my eyes at the end, my laughter
2,The production is really good. However, the cliche of the time was a little too much.
1,The scenes echoed, but it's not likely
3,
1,
1,Obviously a fun, well made movie is right. However, it is hard to understand that it is higher than Christmas in August. Therefore, adjust the rating. Haha
4,I don't know why the rating is so high. Too much forced storytelling and clumsy acting.Son Yejin has nothing to do with her looks
1,I just watched it as a kill-type and slept
1,A different point to focus on
6,It would have been nice if Jo In Seong didn't take out his necklace at the end
1,I'll watch it without Ost and Son Yejin!
1,It's not that funny. Does love exist in Korea of materialism? I don't know if this movie is going to come out, but... Soil spoons are dirt spoons and gold spoons are gold spoons, but these things are broken these days, so the fact that women avoid getting married to clay spoon men... When a man loses his ability or a woman gets old and ugly, he gets divorced a lot. Love movies don't fit ugly Koreans. I want to make a more realistic movie.
5,It's just an old romance...
6,You're forcing yourself to cry.I think it's okay to get a rating of 7 points. It's not a natural development of her bizarre.
1,I can't watch it because the acting is so awkward and the dialogue and story are childish, but seeing the opposition to the low horoscope, I think the movie has the emotion of the time or it reminded me of my memories of watching the movie at that time.
5,The scene that comes to mind when you hear the OST. Sometimes I snort, but I don't think I hide my feelings of comfort without realizing it.
1,A series of forced movies. A forced story. A forced touching. Tears from yawning would be more touching.
6,It's funny and I wake up because of the sudden crazy development.
2,Even considering the fact that it is an old movie, the acting is too awkward, the directing is forced to be unfriendly, and even considering the past times, I am moved by the new wave that seems to have been forced together. To be honest, it was a movie that didn't move my heart at all. There's a reason why only self-propelled scenes are always talked about...
1,This movie has a higher rating than Interstellar?
5,Jo In-sung's acting is the only stain
1,I saw it before, but I thought it was something and I saw it again. Now that I see it, it's about your parents' affair, but why is the rating so high? For Son Ye-jin and Jo In-sung, it's a more unpleasant love story, but it's almost as bad as the two of them are moved. Aren't the parents you've raised so far human?  Shameless things that you don't even know the grace of giving birth to and raising...
1,Why are you sitting around getting married with someone else and giving birth to a child?
2,You can't fool the blood of both legs
1,No fun at all
1,Opening place, B-level sensitivity... Just to see Son Yejin's face
1,I want to give you 7 points, but the rating is too high.Son Yejin is pretty, so it's worth watching.It's not a masterpiece. It's a collection of masterpieces.
6,Cho Seungwoo saved it.
1,They're part-timers. They're old and dry
1,A movie that taught a woman the lesson that a man throws away when he collapses
6,I don't know why it felt like that to meet the children of the people I liked again, and there are so many clichésㅠㅠㅠㅠ
3,Conclusion: I loved my friend's friend
4,The gap is too high now. But Son Ye-jin's beauty in her prime and the actors' childish looks were good
1,I'm watching it on Netflix. Just a sigh... No matter how much I take into account the emotions of 2003, the poor directing, cringe-worthy lines, and acting like a middle school drama club.  If you think about the 2002 Fyran, it's not that low.
1,I was looking forward to it, but I only liked the original sound track of the story.
5,What is it? I saw it because the rating was so good, but it was so boring and there was no sweet feeling about romance. It's frustrating because it's slow. Is it just me? But I liked the actors, so I watched it until the end
4,OST, the movie is all good, but the story was too far-fetched, and Jo In-sung's bad acting was really something at firstCho Seungwoo and Son Yejin acted well, but suddenly, Cho Seungwoo did his best to get a necklace, married someone else, and liked each other that much. Son Yejin married Taejoo and later found out that they were in a relationship
2,It's infinitely slow, the actors' performances are generally clumsy, the story is typical, the ending is ridiculous, it's like a sample of a movie that's meant to be touching, but it's If you don't like something typical and far-fetched, it's a waste of time
4,Son Yejin is traveling in time...
6,I'm the only one who doesn't know what to do with the dramatic development.Old BMW cars worn out in the era of self-driving cars.
1,Probability without context interferes with immersion, exactly 8th grade emotion...
4,I didn't really like it.Well.
4,I didn't watch it at the theater. I watched it on the cable channel later. It's so boring. I watch it until the end because of Cho Seungwoo
2,So far, I've been trying to understand it. No matter how many times I watch it again, I don't understand why it says it's a fresh love story. Why it has a high rating. The video is good, but the content is really bad
1,The 1 point I give you is 11 points, not 1 point!
1,I saw it because it was famous. I think the focus is on love that can't be realized When it came out that love didn't come true, I felt like I was trying to fix it all the whole time I saw it.
1,One of the sublime films produced in a rush under the influence of the Japanese film Love Letter
1,I don't like it. It's really loose
1,It's about Son Ye-jin killing Cho Seung-woo, whom she loved, and loving Jo In-sung, the son who put him between Cho Seung-woo and another woman.
4,What is it about? I just lost track of time and enjoyed it
6,At the end, I saw him go to the battlefield to find his necklace.Skipping that part... If it's not that, it's a good movie
1,I looked forward to it because of the rating, but it's boring.
6,Hmm... It's okay, but that's it
6,You may feel the emotion, but your lines and acting are awkward, but Cho Seung-woo's loving emotional acting, such as his eyes and expressions, is really into it.
6,I don't know if I'm feeling dry...I don't know. Tall guys are awkward with acting
5,Disappointed. The only thing to see was Son Yejin
1,The rating is too high... The storyline is five minutes from the start of a complete mess. It's a similar development to architectural introduction. I don't know if it's because it's an old movie, but other lines are like robots
5,I turned it off in the middle...Personally, I didn't think it was funny!
1,The person who recommends this movie... It's a movie that reminds me of old memories. It's hard to see actors except for Cho Seungwoo
6,Son Yejin saved a few scenes. I was really looking forward to it
1,Spring day goes by Christmas in August. Classic vs. disappointment
1,Childish and boring. Sensitivity
6,It's a movie that makes my heart flutter, starring Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
1,It's not classic. It's cliché. an overrated film
1,I was appalled that it was a nine-point movie. It's definitely not in the nine-point range.It's forced tears. It's forced loveThe movie is called virtual, but I don't understand why it's melodrama about the children's love.It's a thriller movie.I can't criticize Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's cafe scene.
5,Without fantasy, the basic scenarios, ideas, and materials of the movie that created a fantasy romance atmosphere are excellent. However, it is regrettable that uncomfortable expressions of emotions, acting, and emotional peddling are too frequent.
2,This has a rating of 9 points? I can't believe it. How interesting would it be to hear so many masterpieces?I watched it while doing it, but it wasn't that I was disappointed because I expected a lot, but the movie was just so bad. All you have to see is Cho Seungwoo's acting and Son Yejin's face. I'm amazed by Jo In-sung's poor acting
1,No, Eva, what is this?
2,I've never seen such a boring movie in my life
1,I was looking forward to the evaluation, but I was so disappointed. The story is boring and overall, it feels like something is breaking up. And 15 years ago, Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, Jo In-sung acted really awkwardly... I can't watch it at double the speed.--;;;ㅡㅡ;;;
1,I don't usually write reviews...It was a waste of time watching. When I watch a movie, I take into account some coincidence...The far-fetched probability was beyond words. And I was appalled by the dragging development. Personally, I think it will remain the worst movie I've ever seen.
4,I only thought about the classic scenes, but it's my first time seeing such a complicated, pathetic romance. Jo In-sung's acting skills were not good enough, so the flow of immersion is broken and the only story I remember is exchanging necklaces
6,Overall, the atmosphere is good and the acting is good, but there's a bit of a bit boring
1,There's no answer to Kwak Jae-yong's movie····The synopsis is a chronic problem, except for pretty female characters
1,It's not like I'm not getting married, but if I'm going to do it, I'll do it with Son Ye-jin. If I'm going to get married, I'll do it with you. I don't understand. It's not a great love. It's not a crime
2,a B-rated movie
6,I don't understand. It was interesting in the beginning why you wanted to break up, why you killed yourself. I guess I don't understand. I personally didn't enjoy it.
1,Korean movie = trash movie
3,A fairytale love story that would be good to tell to a 13-year-old boy and a girl who is unlikely to be realistic. I agree with the OST
5,The movie is worth 5 points to me as a college student now, but I think I would have given 10 points if I were a college student at the time of the movie
4,I got a recommendation, but it's totally below my expectation. I hope you don't pay for it.
1,Why am I so boring? I can't really relate to it
1,It's cringe-worthy. I thought my bones and flesh were separating...
6,a childish and improbable development The Vietnamese scene even homage Forest Gump.
4,Kwak Jae-yong's romance, which emphasizes that the love of the lovers of his parents' generation has been completed through his current lovers through the frame composition.
1,a no-show for war Why do we have to shoot each other and kill each other?
1,It's just... a crazy story about a forced coincidence. I heard it's a masterpiece and I saw it because it has a high rating.It's too thick even if it's bubbling. Even though tears are about to come out of the improbable story, doubts are coming in. The story... It's so crazy. How did you get such a high rating?
6,If it was below my expectations, is it because I couldn't relate to it?
1,8 points is appropriate, but the rating is too high. The script and production are crazy
5,I happened to watch it again, and it used to be fun, but now it's not as good as it used to be
6,Son Yejin is so pretty. Innocent. But the story isn't as good as I expected.
1,Personally, if I wasn't able to concentrate at all and was boring, I think I was too old-fashioned
1,Times have changed so much that I can't watch it. Unlike kimchi girls, girls are so nice
1,A film with an appropriate six-point rating for its exclusive melodrama
6,It's a good movie, but I don't think it's enough to be called a masterpiece.
5,Only the OST is good. Classic and rustic are just a piece of paper, but this is really a ceiling difference. A typical Korean romance planted with a new wave bomb to force the audience to cry.  It's better than In Seong, but Son Yejin's acting...ㅠㅠ 5 points based on the actor's appearance and music!
1,I've never given a rating before. This is too extreme.
1,The rating is too high. It's for adjustment. Cho Seungwoo's acting was so good, but there are a lot of stories that are disappointing. It's fun
1,The rating doesn't make sense It's too high.
1,The storyline is too artificial. The acting is childish. It's like a new drama, but that rating doesn't make sense
6,Excessive sensitivity is a double-edged sword
1,A love story with two generations of golden spoons and kimchi girls
1,I don't know why you're reacting like this. It is no exaggeration to say that it is the number one movie that is overrated.If their love is beautiful, Cho Seung-woo's wife is...She gave birth to a baby, and Cho committed suicide.Do you think it's beautiful?
5,Overall, I enjoyed watching it. The story was calm and good, but there are many childish parts that I don't like. And funny thing is that taesu grew 36cm tall during vacation, is it possible biologically?
5,I don't think I'll see her twice, but Son Yejin is so pretty.
6,Son Yejin was pretty and the song was good.
6,I like the synergy between the actors' good acting and the obvious but touching story.
3,First of all, the OST and the freshness of those days are well evaluated, but the overall content is too obvious and the acting... Ha... A total mess... And when the background is in the present, why use the third person? How did this movie get more than 9 points? I was disappointed because I had high expectations
1,Men suffering from a fishing groundskeeper. Except for Son Ye-jin, acting is like a school talent show.
1,I think it is a shame of Korean movie ;; The rating is really interesting. Did I watch another movie alone?
1,I can't believe this is really in the 9th grade. It was free on Olleh TV Movie Box, so I was looking at Son Yejin and Cressik, which I only saw in the comments, but I couldn't watch it for 30 minutes and turned it off until the end...It's a movie that made me realize the power of unapples
1,Where did this ridiculous rating come from?
2,She may be a romanticist to Jihye, but she's a bad girl to her wife who gave birth to a son.
2,I can't read the lines because it's so cheesy. I can't relate to them
1,I know it's a good movie, but it's definitely an overrated movie.
1,Don't let too many people fall for the rating. A movie that's a waste of even one point. Does anyone who has a high rating and a good impression look for drama acting skills these days? They say we shouldn't look at it from the perspective of the times. An advanced masterpiece is a masterpiece even in the years to come.
3,Cho In-sung and Son Ye-jin's poor acting made my hands and feet cringe.
3,It's like a well-made drama It's not natural, but it has an artificial feel like it It doesn't taste like an earthen pot, but it tastes like a lamb boiled in a pot I'm curious about the critics' ratings
1,It's very, very childish. What kind of pretty screen? If you mix good songs, it becomes a good movie. If Cho Seung-woo is blind and pretends to be seen in front of Son Ye-jin, he's sending a signal to the audience to cry, right?  What kind of nonsense is it to connect children later on?
1,I watched a Korean movie and cursed just twice The first guest in room 7 who trusted the audience, and the second guest in room 7 who trusted the NAVER rating.Both of them are far-fetched, but Klessik is even good at acting
6,Director Kwak Jae-yong's movie I saw uses background music very well, but the content always seems to be ruined by trying to show too much.
1,The emotions that moved on to the new wave can only be shallow
5,We should look at this movie from a modern point of view that it looks tacky. It's my first time crying because I yawned while watching a movie.
1,A cheap new movie with romance mixed with a story frame borrowed from a shower of Hwang Soon-won
1,It's too bubbly. Give me 1 point. The content itself was so unlikely in the middle, and the forced aspect was too much that I couldn't get into it.I think the only thing I can get out of this movie is the OST
1,A film with bubbles...
5,Son Yejin was pretty. The overall atmosphere of the movie was also good. I don't like the rest
1,It wasn't as good as I thought.
1,A movie that doesn't understand the ratings as well as being a masterpiece. 1 point to get rid of the bubble. / The last scene really undermines the value of the movie
5,To be honest, it's so tacky and childish. It's not tacky because it's retro, it just makes the movie look tacky
1,I feel once again that I should not watch a movie with a high score of 9.33 after watching a movie that is really trashy for an hour. My favorite group is a teenage man.
1,It's not a movie that's worth seeing
4,It's tacky thinking about how to look the most beautiful
1,Too high rating ㅠㅠ~~
1,I don't usually leave a rating, but I trust in high ratings and look forward to it, and I leave a rating on ridiculous content! Ha... The first movie I can't understand why it's a real masterpiece.
6,I was a little childish
1,I don't know why it has a high rating. I'm a little tired of it, and I don't see the high rating. It's not 1 point, but I'll give you 1 point to lower it
1,It's a cheesy line. A series of awkward scenes, a flat character, a single-track story, an oestie who shows that she's going to hit the heartstrings...I watched it because I liked the reviews, but I wasted my time, and I was so angry that I was Pyeongnam Kim.
1,I recommend you not to watch it lol I hope you don't fall for the ratings
6,It's like watching a new drama. It's so formal and boring.
1,Did I have high expectations?
3,It's so cheesy. It's just a fantasy movie
1,I don't know why the psychology of the characters according to the situation is expressed like that. As if there were many things omitted, the story unfolded quickly and the content continued to be embarrassed as it looked at the opening. I don't know why you call this a masterpiece. Is it a masterpiece if the mood is good? I don't like the actors' acting either
1,Honestly, the acting...This is too much.And why is this necklace so funny? And what's with Jo In Seong's pronunciation ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,Sigh... Old-fashioned drama
1,There's a limit to what's going on, and I thought the scene where I ran back to the battlefield because of my necklace while I was retreating from the Vietnam War was to make me laugh
1,The rating is ridiculous. Why is that?
6,The composition was good, but the script and acting skills were too poor. I wasn't impressed with the monotonous short... The Most Overrated in Korean History
1,It was okay, of course
1,Wow, Jo In Seong is handsome
2,No fun, no touching...
1,The OST is so good that the 1 point content is so far-fetched. Why is it 1st place?
3,It's a movie that's too much no matter what. Is this all you can make with Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin?
1,I can't understand the love of any of the characters. Jo In-sung said, "Why did you date Son Ye-jin?" "The tall guy who even tries to kill himself ended up marrying his friend's girlfriend, and his mom Son Ye-jin..." But marry a tall guy. Cho Seungwoo is blind, even if it's... Marrying another girl
1,I don't know where to start. The image beauty full of forced tea, the connection between scenes and scenes that cannot be found to be probable, the unbearably cheesy lines, and above all, the coincidence of ridiculous events goes beyond that of the morning drama. The firefly scene at the ending scene is "Goosebumps"
1,In 2003, when I was 22 years old, it was a masterpiece, but now that I look at it again, I can't watch it.
6,The scene is beautiful and the music fits. But the probability of a new story...
3,Fooled because of the ratings;
3,I watched this movie with high ratings... After watching it, I realized that I should not watch the movie.
5,Why on earth would you turn this cliche into a movie? I shouldn't have seen it. 5 points for Son Yejin's beauty in her prime
1,Even though it's an old movie, it's too corny... Frustrated... Is it because I was looking forward to it? The rating for the bubble... Jo In Seong's acting skills
5,First of all, the actors were trying to express their innocence, but the acting was so awkward and I couldn't get into it I'm watching all the high-rating melodrama movies, but for the first time, I don't understand the score. In the last scene, Jo In-sung cried and gave me a necklace, it was almost absurd
6,The sloppy story and composition went beyond the level of solving with miseonsen and music. If you want to find a classic, look for Kwak Jae-yong's real classic watercolor on a rainy day.
6,Personally, I think there are some movies like that. It was a masterpiece back then, but if you look at it now... Those kinds of movies? I think this movie belongs to that kind of movie
1,I'm a bad soup noodle maker.But more than this, "Let's go meet Japanese Melo" is 10 times better...Rather than watching this, watch that.
3,Son Ye-jin was pretty. And the movie was not good. Acting, lines, stories, and settings were all uncomfortable to watch. I honestly don't understand why this has a high rating. I'm a fool because I got a high rating. But if I can pick one thing that's okay, it's OST and Son Yejin's face
1,That's too obvious Seriously
1,I'm so sad that I have one point. what anyone would have experienced
1,What is this coincidence? Why is it so frustrating?
3,This is fun, but I think the most beautiful breakup in the world is more fun.^^
1,I don't understand who watches this crap movie. I only have a part-time job in Korean movies. What is the difference between these two?
1,Son Yejin. Pretty ㅠㅠHah!
1,To be honest, is this a masterpiece? Well, I don't know. The plot is good, but the actor's acting is also important in the movie Son Ye-jin's poor acting and the way she talks like she's reading a novel. I couldn't act well If acting was natural, it would have been a work of art
1,This is a masterpiece? Ratings...
5,Well, if it weren't for Hwang Soon-won's shower homage, it would be so and so, but the past scene is good. So I'm only going to give you half the stars
5,I saw it because they said it was fun.Not really
5,I'm sorry, but it's not classic, it's rustic. It's better to feel the movie 2003 than 1968. Son Ye-jin is really pretty, and she is happy and excited in the retrospective scene, but even if it becomes a subjective masterpiece, it is not an objective masterpiece. Solka's plot is crazy...
6,I saw it with anticipation because I heard it was a masterpiece of the masterpiece so many times. But somehow, I think that I am bored because I am full of emotions and cry and laugh.I don't think it's a cliche scenario or a story. But it's boring because the teenagers in 2013 saw it.
3,Although I watched it in the military dormitory, I couldn't find fun, let alone excitement, even though I watched it as a soldier
3,When I was in the army, I watched the movie in the living room, but I couldn't find any fun, let alone excitement
1,not much
5,My mom says it's fun, but I don't...If it was...
1,It's not funny
1,The score is too high
5,The twist does not overcome the boredom of the content itself.
1,That godpa...
1,You're obese
6,It's boring, but it's heartbreaking at the end
5,It is interesting, but the rating is too high.
6,It was nice to see the characters because they were pure and nice But the story is coincidental and coincidental...^^;; Running time is long, too
1,Rating adjustment
5,A movie from 10 years ago that didn't impress me in 2013
1,such a childish and childlike movie
6,Why are scenes from the past so boring?
1,Am I the only one who thinks it's cheesy and childish?
1,I don't want to admit it, but I think Japanese works are the best...  In Korea, that's the end of it, but it's unusual that Japanese works have a lot of aftereffects, so watch the Japanese drama Summer Know, which is more obvious than this... You'll feel the difference in acting
1,What kind of movie is this? If the movie isn't fun, shouldn't the actors be handsome or good at acting? Disappointed, disappointed, disappointed! ㅠㅠ I shouldn't have seen it...Childish and predictable story...
1,You're losing because of a woman.
5,a crying movie I'm tired of it.
4,It's a delusional film for women who literally dream
4,Classic is retro (and even reactionary) as the title suggests. 60's love overwhelms 2000's love.So, the mother and daughter feel the same way despite the differentiation setting (fragile shower girl vs. taekwondo girl? a lack of reflection on the times
4,I don't know if it's just me. The story was good, the actor was good, and the music played in between was good, but the actors' acting felt like they were squeezing tears and it was not good.Am I the only one like this? Maybe it's because I couldn't concentrate, but I don't like the actors' acting
5,The video and actors were pretty...Korean movies' chronic absurdity and unsmooth leaps...If I had seen it about 20 years ago, I wouldn't be able to relate to it.Why aren't there top screenwriters in a country that makes top semiconductors?
4,Joohee can't understand! When I think about my father Tae-soo, I don't understand how to behave like this movie!!! the role of a bad daughter under the world
5,cringe-worthy lines, cringe-worthy speech, cringe-worthy acting, unrealistic settings. But pretty Son Yejin
5,I watched it because the music was good and the ratings were high.It's so unrealistic and the scenes that try to be funny and the sloppy editing is so obvious. A Walk to Remember was tearful to watch, but I couldn't miss this movie.
1,Classic is just classic.
1,Only the same background music keeps coming out, and the incident is far-fetched and the lines are quite cringe-worthy. Especially, the ending is like a morning drama...I don't know why this rating is so high. It's a shame that I saw it for free with the price support of the WeDisk. Anyway, it was a waste of time--
3,Is it because I expected too much?It wasn't that... It was obvious and there were so many coincidences. There were so many forced tears
3,I am a person who was very impressed by movies like 500 days of summer, love stories.I watched it because I heard classical music was so fun that it left lingering feelings. Too obvious, boring, cringe-worthy comment.I really don't use these -- why do you praise me so much? It's my first time seeing a melodrama
5,First of all, the lines and situations are so unrealistic and cheesy that it feels like actors can't act
4,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? Being childish and tacky is the charm of this movie.But the obvious development...
1,I think it's kind of vague.
6,It's just like a drama Haha;;
1,Son Ye-jin must have had the fortune to eat men in classical music. I was fooled by the rating, but it's not fun or touching.
5,It simply added popularity to the popularity of Korean Melo's "classic."
1,Hmm. I don't know why I have such a high rating. I don't know if I'm weird--
1,I don't like it because it's so cheesy
1,Seven points
1,At that time, it would have been a stylish romance, but there were so many accidental developments that I couldn't impress. This kind of movie can't last long. I think the 8 point range would be good.
1,Boring.
1,Very childish...
4,Bored in 2012.. Jo In Seong's poor acting...
6,Playing the character of the characters in the background or set feels like he does not really. Story, plot, but all right, background music has had more low key.
6,While decent cinematic beauty and ost soothes boredom, the typical development tires the audience
6,"Leading all the good songs" Bitter), acting and cringe-worthy stories here and cringe-worthy.
5,It's fun. Don't kill Junha. I'm so mad. I was going to give you zero stars because of the ending
1,It's an emotional movie that makes adolescent girls cringe
5,I don't know why the rating is so high. It's more boring than calm. The content is a bit far-fetched.
1,I was looking forward to it. There are so many far-fetched aspects. Too unrealistic.
3,Repeated music, boring development, why does Jo In-sung cry at the end?
3,The probability is poor, and the acting is not good. A tear-jerker movie with a weak plot.
2,I was so sleepy
6,There are many unrealistic aspects and it's hard to relate to Son Yejin, Cho Seungwoo, Jo Inseong is the best
5,Emotions dried up, suppressed, bored
5,The acting and the content are classic
1,I want to give 0 point.
3,Honestly, I'm a third-rate...
1,Your acting skills and fun are so low! In the end, we didn't see each other for 10 minutes.
1,Seriously, what's funny? Wow, this is so ridiculous. It's like a third-rate movie.
1,It's a typical Korean drama. And his shocking acting skills
5,Jo In-sung's ridiculous acting and cringe-worthy lines meet to give a fresh shock
6,.......I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't that fun.
2,A movie that plagiarized the previous drama (KBS short play)... But no one knows if it's plagiarism --
6,I'm so emotionally dry.
2,I can't stand it because it's so childish.
6,It's obvious, so it's sad.
6,It's cheesy... It's a ticklish romance marked by coincidence and coincidence.
5,The plot and the idea are too good.The acting is a little too much ㅠㅠ but I'm still touched
2,It's not that low.Long, dull, and boring
6,In my 20 years of life, I wasn't lacking in sensitivity, and I had a real love experience, but it was boring
6,It's my first time to have a different opinion after watching NAVER's ratings 너무 It was so boring
6,There are too many better films to be considered masterpieces!
1,It feels like plagiarizing another movie.ost is 10 points.
6,- It's a bit too...I think it's weird
5,It's more monotonous to the point where a crazy drama is more fun
5,Ost saved it. If I were a director, I would have slapped the story planner and got a new one.
6,The visual beauty was very good; the kind of forced setting and accidental abuse prevented me from being immersed ㅜㅜ
1,It's a touching and unforgettable movie.
4,I was not immersed in the process of the moment when the main characters fell in love with each other.
6,It's not plagiarism at the end, is it? I'm Choi Soo-jong, Ha Hee-ra. Do you think of a starry night?
1,I'm so sick of it
1,The annoying Shinpa of frustrated people who can't even say they love the person they love
1,So Cliche... It's a waste of one point
1,an uninteresting rating A low-level story that's so obvious. I feel sorry for my innocent friend
5,It's embarrassing and ridiculous, but it's understandable because of the nature of the genre
6,a popular drama in which random coincidence is the centerpiece
6,Honestly, I don't like it
1,The whole time I watched it, it was so annoying. The last part, what the hell? I'm so angry that I'm forced to do it
2,It may be Kwak Jae-yong's talent, but it's amazing anyway. I can't believe I made this old-fashioned movie in 2003.
6,You pretend to be pure throughout the movie, but then you get married and date separately
6,I got a high score, but I didn't expect it ㅜㅜ
6,It's corny... not my cup of tea.^ ^;;;
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
4,It's not a story that I really like... Bored... This kind of movie is annoying
6,Why? Why did I feel tired of this beautiful movie?It's like most movies.
6,Should I say that I was tricked by the rating? It wasn't fun. 6 points is appropriate
1,Why am I not funny? I'm not impressed. Are you emotionally dry?
6,I don't like the ending of the forced story...
5,Both directing, story, and music are excessive, but there is a tenacity that has been pushed only by new waves and lyricism.
1,It is the limit of Korean touching drama.You can't beat 9 points
1,I'm trying to make you sad. be grossly contrived... a movie that failed to make it to the box office
4,The awkward acting, cliche, and the OST playing only one line. Except for the lyrical atmosphere, it wasn't good.
1,1 point because Jo In Seong is ugly
1,I don't think it's good
1,Phew...
1,(Sighsigh
4,Apart from affection, I'm busy with the storyline and storytelling.
6,Boring, cliche...
6,Yejin and Seungwoo's acting was really good, but...The story is a bit boring, especially at the end, too contrived
5,It's too typical.
2,Is this the only childish story you can make? It's like a director of GFRIEND
6,the climax of the new school of Korea
1,I looked forward to the rating, but this movie is really not.be childish, sloppy, and far-fetched
6,Scary Eunyeonghwa...
1,I think I copied the shower The story is so childish, Jo In Seong is handsome, but his acting is bad
3,be childish and boring
1,It was worth watching, but compared to "Beautiful Mind", it's a low score
1,Genre: Comedy
1,It's the best movie ever
1,Childish movie "Battlegrounds" climbs up the charts, and laughs at the last one with a necklace
6,It's pretty... I like the song.
5,It is too lame in the drawing of a forced new drama. The music was relatively good.
1,I have no idea. Am I wrong to expect a secret romance that I can't tell you?
5,If you know a movie and are interested in it, it's just a movie
1,I don't think it's a 9-point movie
3,It's obvious that we planned it out. The scene where Jo In-sung shows Son Ye-jin his necklace is really...
5,Childish...
1,You're overreacting. What's wrong with your acting skills? I can't stand it Cheap jjamppong for the story's forced emotion
1,I thought I was going to die of childishness.  The movie "Cinema Heaven" is not as good as the movie.
4,I wasn't impressed by the movie because I could see the front of the movie.
1,I saw it at the theater. It was fun. But the rating is too high.
6,It's a pretty well-made melodrama, but that's it.
3,Hing ^^* A little disappointed?
2,Oh, it was really boring.It's so boring -- but it's not very touching.What's the rating?
1,Laughing out loud at the childish content and directing.I totally fell for the rating
5,Maybe it's because I'm getting older...I don't like it...
1,I feel uncomfortable with the ridiculous rating
3,Son Ye-jin's one-man role composition is a bit far fetched.
1,I hope I don't fall for the rating.
1,I enjoy watching it with a rating of 8 or more, but this is not fun. What's wrong with this... I didn't even doze off
6,Honestly, I saw it because the rating was good, but it's not good.I think Japan is better for Mallo.
1,Are you old enough to watch a movie like this? I can't believe such a childish story can be made into a movie
1,It's a good movie, but it's not a nine-point rating.
5,It's a good movie. Except for Jo In Seong
1,It's a good movie, but it's too high to adjust the score
1,I'd rather be a defenseless city
4,Son Yejin's acting was so boring
5,It's just a movie that was just like that to me.Will there be haters who don't understand their movie preferences?
4,Is this what love is like? It's so boring
4,an excessive coincidence
1,A new wave drama. Good
6,Why am I so bored?
6,How should I say it? It's a touching feeling that doesn't really touch me
6,Kwak Jae-yong's style movie
3,I give 3 points because of music and video. This is...It doesn't make sense.
1,It's a big bubble with a rating -- except for Son Ye-jin's pretty, it's a OOO movie
6,It's a bit boring and cliche, and Jo In Seong's acting is falling
6,I don't like it.
6,The video was really pretty and good.But it was so obvious that I didn't meet my expectations.
3,.....so many materials were used to impress.
1,A really bad movie... Unlike other people, it was not touching and too obvious;
1,It was the worst. I saw it because it was so famous. I felt really hopeless.
1,Good
6,It was like trying to squeeze a rag out of the water
1,One point
1,I cry a lot but it's the first time I didn't cry because someone else said it was sad.--ㅡㅡ
5,For me, it wasn't a movie that caught my heart...
1,This kind of OOO is in the top ranks?
6,Literally true classical music. a classic melodrama a work that brings back old memories
6,I don't remember. I saw it... Was it just like that?= S =
1,I think 8 points is appropriate. I vote for an average of 8 points
1,A rating of eight is appropriate
1,Director Kwak Jae-yong is slowly...
1,It's not as good as I thought
6,It is good just to see calm romance and fresh Son Ye-jin.
6,It's touching, but it's not enough
2,It's a story that's as disappointing as you expected
4,The rustic theme makes you laugh at the moment of immersion.
5,Is it because I have high expectations? A movie that was a bit disappointing!
6,I don't think about the odds of watching a movie, but... Absurd.
5,I don't think it's that sad.
3,It wasn't that touching
5,I can't get into it.Especially as it goes back.It's like I'm trying to contain too much.
5,I saw Son Yejin, so generously...
1,Not recommended.
1,I'll give you stars for Cho Seungwoo.
5,I got angry at the end. The lines are so direct... Full rating error
5,As expected, the screen is pretty
1,Childish lines and rudimentary scenarios I feel sorry for the level of the audience!
2,I was fooled by the horoscope
5,There's nothing we can do about the cliche and the lack of naturalness
3,This is 9 points? I don't understand what's sad or what's sad.
1,It's not classic, it's cliché. It's just a collection of clichés.
1,The score is high;;;
1,Too much coincidence and childishness. I'm sleepy. My emotions are dead.
1,The ultimate in artificial emotion, a film that exclaims, "Does it make sense all the time?"
1,the worst
3,It's no different than a girlfriend.
6,There are a lot of funny scenes because it's ridiculous. It's just like a fairy tale
5,No matter how much I try to look pretty, more than five points are too much.
1,A drowsy movie... The worst melodrama...
5,5 points for Cho Seungwoo
5,The story that Mann saw...
1,The background is great and the actors are all great...The story is boring and obvious...About 7 points?
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
2,a forced story
1,Why is this so high?
3,Common contents -_- A lot of see-through operations
2,F.S. is a very contrived, fictional love, commercially well-made movie. Jo In Sung
5,I was so bored to death.
5,기분이 너무... 그래서.
5,Mixed "Downpour," "Loveletta," Romeo and Juliet" with a grand title
1,Personally, movies like this
6,Canon variations are a waste of movie.
2,A really childish movie.Especially the war scene.
1,It's amazing that even in the 21st century, such an out-of-date new wave can be a hit.
1,a movie that is annoying to cynical people
1,Choi Waq!
6,a boring tear-jerker Cho Seungwoo's good acting. The song is okay.
1,Was I looking forward to it too much? I didn't like it, but the end was weird
3,If you like this movie, you should watch more movies and reflect on yourself
1,Four years later, the movie is gone and only music is left
3,I'm trying to hide the flaws in the drama with my tears
5,Honestly, I don't like it. It wasn't touching
6,The rating is unbelievable. It's just lukewarm from start to finish
1,I don't know why the evaluation is so good.It was a total waste.
6,It's just nice to listen to and it's calm...
1,Watch "Jose, Tiger, and Fish"
6,Even if the music is good or the video is good, the content doesn't touch.
1,War scenes are so childish. Really childish
3,Just because the atmosphere is quiet doesn't mean it's all touching
6,Boring movie...
1,That's not fun.
6,Girls like it.
6,=- Love, love, stop loving me!
2,As expected, Kwak Jaeyong is trash
3,Are you kidding? The more you go back, the more sloppy the story is
5,The hype is embarrassing.lol
1,Did you work out?
1,Is this fun?
2,It'll be crooked
4,It's so obvious
6,Literally classic content, classic screen...
5,Jo In Seong is good??
6,It's not the best, but it's not the worst.
6,Now, past matches were fresh, but the trend has been cut off. Damn it.
1,I don't want to do it because of my personality
2,Let's cut the rating
6,I don't know why this movie is second. It's not 9.2.
5,It's calm, though
4,I'm going to get mad.
5,It was a sad movie, so I watched it and it wasn't sad at all.
5,I was in elementary school so it wasn't fun
6,It's boring. It's boring.
6,I liked it until I was in high school, but... In the war scene, the laughter...
4,coincidence and coincidence = emptiness...
1,How come there's no one who can act properly?
4,I looked at the ratings and it wasn't fun
5,Actors who have excellent chemistry in obvious dramas.
2,When I shouted "I must come back alive" dozens of times, I was annoyed and stopped
6,a video for music
1,I'm sorry, but this is trash...
1,What's wrong with the rating? It's not funny
3,I don't like it
5,Cho Seungwoo was good at acting
1,a classic of boredom
1,What was it about? What was the difference from a shower?
1,I stopped watching it. It's a boring story
5,Common acting because it's obvious
1,I was bored, especially when Jo In-sung came out
1,Please... It's not 1 point, but there's a strong need for ratings...
4,I just woke up
1,The rating is too high
1,Melo is all...And Son Eonjin
5,I don't like melodramas that are too cliche.
4,I saw it for a second.Can I evaluate it?I don't like melodrama
1,I don't know what's good about this.- -
1,I can't trust the ratings of netizens anymore
1,Enjoying this domestic movie
6,Cho Seungwoo was so cool.
6,What is this...
6,It wasn't that funny.
4,Innocent love? No! Childish story!
4,The movie version of "Downpour"
6,I don't really...
1,One-le has 6 points, but 1 point to adjust the score
6,A completely ridiculous story.
1,The last one is really awkward -_- a awkwardness as if you're trying to make a plan
5,High teen romance for middle school girls. Please cry, man.
5,I've talked too much, but I don't have any neatness.
6,I don't understand why the movie has a rating of 9 or higher. It was interesting, but it wasn't boring
3,Even though it's my first love, it's so cliche and childish.
5,Why is the rating so high?
1,It's not that...
5,Cho Seungwoo, I wouldn't have watched it until the end if there was no song.
6,We've made a lot of ups and downs. We're not so good at this
3,It wasn't fun.--ㅡㅡ
3,Composition, Acting - Totally Boring...Vietnam War Scene - Disgraceful Korean Movies
5,a story that seems to be pieced here and there I don't know if it's that touching...
1, a serow.
3,Son Yejin came out and watched it. She turned it off in the middle. It's not fun at all
1,Jo In Seong, it's a bit awkward. Let's lower it a bit
1,I didn't expect much, but I got the feeling.But I don't like tragedy.Rating 8
1,Obvious content. Boring development
6,It's not a masterpiece of romance, but somewhere in the middle
6,I tried to make it pretty like a fairy tale
1,It's boring. It's really boring.The casting was good but boring.
1,Jo In Seong messed up earlier. Eunyeong!
5,Squeeze it in jjamppong
1,The scenario was squeezed, but it was good. But directing is a bummer
6,The beautiful screen and the sweet melody stimulate the emotions, but that's all.
6,a pretty but sloppy movie
1,an obvious subject
6,The rating is too high. The movie I watched because of Cho Seungwoo
1,I hope the movie audience in our country will be a little picky!
1,Childish love stories.
1,--;;;ㅡㅡ;;;
5,It seems like it's fun or not.
6,It was fun and fresh. The original author is not Kwak Jae-yong, but someone else.
6,You didn't like it because I was looking forward to it so much -_-... To you, to me, to me, you are the best
2,It's touching at the end, but does it look good to steal a friend's girl?-_-
3,First of all, I don't like the tone. He keeps expressing himself in the third person in front of the other person. Yuck
