쉰들러 리스트
6,He is worthy of respect, but he does not fit me.
2,You glorified Schindler too much.
5,It is touching to try to save even one more person, but it was boring because I couldn't relate to it and I couldn't relate to it
4,a boring three-hour black-and-white school
6,First of all, I don't know why I'm 15 years old. It wasn't boring in the long running time, but I thought when it would end, and I thought where the tears would come out, but I didn't see it very impressively I couldn't relate to it.It seems that Schindler's change of attitude is too unlikelyWorks in this dark and sad atmosphere are highly acclaimed, but I don't knowI don't know why I didn't see this movie as impressive as the Nazis did Jews for no reason.
5,Three hours... There is a boring side, but through this movie, we can clearly see the human rights and misery of Jews.
1,The story of the world's largest soap factory
1,Niulou, you're protesting against transportation costs.
1,A lake group and a man in front of our arsenal.
1,Pino the Olapid and
1,hgjtyghjrthrujture
1,Honestly, if you get a 9 point rating, you have to lose track of time, but it's very boring.
1,Delivery of Liberation Day to slim the nation down France
1,Delivery of Liberation Day to slim the nation down France
1,I shouldn't listen to one side of it. I can't believe that the emotion I saw in the past can be fake
1,Sporty Twentwaters is out of the ordinary.
1,Disdainful of Schindler's hypocrisy, the Jews are devastated by Israel, who perpetrate yet another massacre, as if they had forgotten Spielberg's imperialist ideas and his slaughtered history without the will or ability to defend themselves
2,Movies are just movies.If you say "Nazi bad guy" after seeing this, there's a problem If Germany were the winner of World War II, it wouldn't have been this kind of movie. Do you know that there are 10 more civilians killed by the American war than there are Nazi victims?
1,No more Jewish movies like this.I don't want people who don't feel sorry for me.Is the war that the Jews are fighting now a good war?Look back on yourself...
1,The movie is based on humanism to save Jews from the axis of evil with the guilt of exploitation.
1,I don't like Jewish praise movies.
3,If Hitler did something well, he massacred Jews, and if he did something wrong, he killed all Jews and failed to stop them.  The director is Jewish.
1,The first part of the caption is parentheses, so it's hard to read. Correct it
6,Not many people would blame Spielberg for lighting up the Holocaust through the means of film!...But there is no absolute evil, no absolute good.Ironically, the Jews now, who were victims of the massacre, are vicious killers of another massacre!
1,It's not fun at allcrying
1,a crude sentimental video premeditated to sympathize with their genocide
1,It's a victim cosplay movie. For your information, this movie director is Jewish
1,Don't be touched by the movie.If you look at what the Israeli Jews have been doing to the Palestinians lately, it's more, it's not less.Cosplay the victim of Jewish Spielberg.
1,The best history distortion movie itself is touching, but the worst movie that was created with history and wrong content became real. For your information, Schindler made Jews work to make ends meet. For example, in small and medium-sized Korean companies
1,The course of the Nazi atrocities is a stark representation, but... Well, it was so boring.
1,I watched it in 7th grade, but I only remember running without a girl.
6,To be honest, it was overrated...If it weren't for Spielberg, it would have been a rough movie.
1,I don't know how trashy the movie director is, I just need to make money... if you're curious, search the truth of Schindler's list
1,Obviously a good movie, but Israel and Jews must be removed from Earth
2,Cosmetic to the contrary and because of the current Jewish people. Ralph Fines' performance stood out
4,It's supposed to be very touching, but maybe it's not our story, but it doesn't really hit home
1,Do you feel sorry for the Jews?Palestinian children are still being killed by Jews.
4,It's really boring. If you have a lesson, you get 9 points Basically, movies need to be immersed in the movie..
1,I made a novel movie because I was afraid someone would say OOO is Jewish.The content is fiction
1,The movie is touching, but now Jews are like patients with hypertension diabetes complications
5,I hate Jews who use the Holocaust as a shield. The movie is great, so it's half the score.
1,I saw it in a surprise, a piece of trash that heroized Schindler
3,Honestly, it's not fun to call it a masterpiece
2,I almost threw up after watching this movie when I was in elementary school --; I think I've had a week of hues
1,I don't want to use the Holocaust as a shield to give sympathy to those who threaten world peace.
1,Palestinian Slaughter Israel and the U.S. Paid for Propaganda.
1,The Devil Schindler.
1,Don't watch this movie if you saw two faces of Schindler at MBC Surprise.The Devil Schindler
5,There's a way to glorify Schindler, who's a Nazi collaborator and a war criminal trial.
1,If you know what Schindler really is, you'll see that the rating of this movie is a sham
1,Hollywood Pictures is already full of Jewish marketing
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,All right, all right.
6,Jews who commit atrocities against Palestinians are also unforgivable. The Nazis and the Jews are the same
1,Best of best movie by a genius director
1,Schindler feels swindled in the beginning as if he's a masterpiece by the SS
1,Schindler is not a hero. Maybe he's more of a devil.
1,I was disappointed to see the surprise
1,Spielberg of the Jews
1,a fraudulent act
1,I saw a surprise! Check it out!
1,Surprise today, TV's manipulated hero Schindler...Spielberg is a businessman
1,↓↓ Shieldy. Then you should've told me to lie. Did you enjoy watching the movie, elementary school student?
1,I saw a surprise LOL
1,The story in this movie is not true!!! Oscar is just a bad guy
1,You can tell that I was trying to impress you at the end.
1,I don't recommend it
1,I was looking forward to it.Disappointed
1,a distorted movie depicting a bad man as a hero
1,It is too high for the national team.Let's cut it
1,a cliche story
1,National University of Korea
1,I'm sleepy. The national team is touching
4,More than black and white movies...National team!
1,It's boring...I like Korean movies more these days.
1,National team, you're the best!
1,Why was this so boring for me?
3,Makes me wake up at the end when I'm consistent.
5,It's a shame that something was exaggerated while trying to control a good movie
1,Jewish Delusion of Damages
1,Extrazone. Lots of movies
2,You're being fooled by the disgusting operations
1,Disgusting Jewish self-defense documentary. I threw up in disgust.
1,This is a beggar, too
1,How long has it been over? Part-timers...
1,The Jewish speculative capital saved then brought about the IMF and the current financial crisis
1,a frustrating movie
6,The movie is great, but if you look at what Jews do these days...
1,Compared to Clementine, this is a mess
1,Maybe because it's black and white, I can't get into it
6,I feel so sorry for the process of showing the conclusion
2,It must have been touching because there wasn't a movie like this back then
4,I'm bored, I'm not that moved, and I just throw away trash for 3 hours
5,The screening for more than 3 hours was very boring If you watch it for fun, you'll regret it. It's not a movie, but a documentary
1,A movie that didn't touch my heart
6,I was absorbed in watching it, but the material was good I think it's probably intentional too, but...
1,I don't understand.;;; To be honest... It's so boring...;;
6,Good stories are just good stories...
4,I looked forward to it based on the scoreLiver.
1,The movie is well made, but the intention is impure. Jewish promotional movie
5,To be honest, it is a meaningful movie, but I only watch it for fun. -_-
1,I don't really...
1,It was a waste of time. I'm so angry
1,Too bad;
1,It's really not that good;
1,Not really;
1,It's not that
1,A dirty Jewish film made by a Jewish director (although the movie is good, of course)
1,It's not that
3,The unique black-and-white face and the composition were good, but the history and the shallow business touch were impressive. Surprised by the rating.
1,Except for the beginning, the score is too high. 1 point
1,Well, not so much fun ;;
1,Honestly, you can't see it well because it's black and white
1,...I'm getting sleepy
1,If it wasn't for black million, I would have gotten 10 points
1,It's so far from reality.;;;
1,I don't think the movie was as fun as the rating
1,There were so many boring aspects
1,It's not as good as I thought
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,It's not as good as I thought
1,A movie that doesn't touch me as much
1,a OOO movie Spielberg on the Holocaust. Do you want to go?
3,You've been trying too hard to complete a Spielberg film It's the easiest Jewish massacre
1, a horst.
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
6,I slept in the beginning.
1,Where should I be touched?
1,It's been so long that the resolution is bad
5,As expected, Spielberg
4,Spielberg Can't Take The Weight Of Reality
1,Forced...
1,The movie that I turned off after watching it for 5 minutes is the first time in my life.This movie talks a lot
1,a dog's breakfast
1,It's a black-and-white movie. X
4,Spielberg, a classic film of American centrism, is perfect for Transformers
1,I dozed off
2,It doesn't feel like much.
1,I don't like black and white movies.
1,in memory of the Jewish charnel house
1,The Jewish movie is annoying.
1,It's good, but it's very boring.
4,Was I 14 years old? I heard that it is a famous work, so I saw it, but it was really boring.
6,I don't think it's more than this movie.
1,It was a movie that I watched when I was in elementary school, so it was not fun. It was my first time to sleep in a theater
1,The pianist is much better
4,Somehow
5,It's a really good movie. But the Jewish story is not attractive.
5,Honestly, the poster is better than the movie... B-class among M. Spielberg's works
6,I can't forget the girl in black and white.By the way, was it only the Jews who felt sorry for themselves?
5,Was it that fun? It's not that...
6,Boredom
1,It's worth watching. It's not the best. Let's reveal the score.
6,a typical Spielberg movie
1,Empathy
2,Even if it's a masterpiece, you can get sick of it if you make the same material several times
1,We must never forget how cruel Jews are, too
1,This movie is too exaggerated and only sees Jews as victims.
1,It's not fun.I quit in the middle because I was tiredness.;;;
3,You're right down there. And it was a little boring.
5,The ending scene was dragged so much that it became a new drama...
6,Too, too long, black and white
1,Hitler, you're dead
1,I don't want to...
1,Jews, Palestinians, persecution, hhhh, truth?
1,The movie is a masterpiece, but I don't like Jews.
1,a trash movie
1,I hate Israel. I hate Jews. I don't like this movie either.
1,a Jewish film made by Spielberg to win a prize-winning film
1,a touching film
2,I don't like the Spielberg movie.
1,Bubble
3,Black and white, I agree with the bubble
1,The rating is too high
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
6,Trying to impress you. But it's really touching.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,I was so moved that I was so touched.
1,If you think about what the Jews are doing now...
4,I've seen it four times. A vicious Jew is no better than the Germans
5,Johnnie is boring. If it's for fun, it's nothing, so keep that in mind
1,Good
6,Am I emotionally dry -_-; it was a bit boring and not too emotional
1,...I don't like the intransigence to be touched
1,out of touch;
1,..it's not good for me
6,a dull and forced emotion
1,1 point because I don't like Jews
5,It's too flat and spielberg greasy.
1,The Grading Bad Boy of the Age 2
1,a rated villain of this age
4,an insistence for excessive impression
1,Don't watch this movie
2,My hair.
6,Why did you look at it with such prejudiced eyes?
1,a film for Jews
1,I don't want to be biased
1,A movie made by a Jew, looking at it with the eyes of a Jew. Let's kill each other. This is...
5,The movie was good, but Spielberg was too one-sided.
2,A film without a story that unconditionally glorifies Jews.
1,Spielberg... it's a shame he's a bit Jewish.
1,The past that I want to forget
1,It's too bad that it's black and white. Less than 40 characters
6,Am I less sensitive? Why isn't it so touching?
5,a really bad movie Director Steven's "I Don't Want to Write Scenario" Starts with "Real Story Material"
1,Do you think this movie is a masterpiece?
