극장판 귀멸의 칼날: 무한열차편
6,
1,There is a point that makes it salty, but it was weaker than K-Shinpa. Overall, it's too loose. It's more fun than this no matter which episode.
2,I don't think it's good by my standards.
5,I really like drawing.
2,The length of the characters' recollection scene was infinite train. Tanjiro took three minutes to get 50 meters away from his family. And there were two bloodstains who attacked, and I didn't understand that they were tied to a rope while sleeping without a single sentry standing in the world comfortably. No wonder there is no crop failure. Slow motion in the action scene doesn't understand the intention. But it might be fun for a fan of ear knives. The story is focused on the character narrative. However, from the standpoint of the general public, it is not very curious. I tried to look at it as an eye candy, but it was not enough to get caught in the movie theater in everything except for the movie. Now, we want everyone to be terrorized. I leave a message quite late in the day, hoping that no one will be victimized by this rating.
3,It's not my cup of tea. The sorcery is more fun than this
1,I saw it because the reviews were good, but it wasn't my taste.
6,The visual beauty is good, but the demise has to bow to Annie Compared to the quality of the work, the foam is too much
1,It was such a waste of time.
4,That's right, but it's not a masterpiece. It's a rare bubble that's been successful in recruiting low-level people, especially children and women, and it's an insult to Japanese animations
6,I heard you cry every time I watch it, so I looked it up on Netflix, but what makes you say it's touching? I don't know if it's because I've never seen a demon blade before.  I thought the material was original, but it wasn't enough to cry over and over again. I didn't understand - I kept looking for something else under the name of Infinite Train, but I think this is right.  Anyway, I still can't understand this person
1,I don't think it suits me.
6,I watched it because they gave me a generous score and said it was fun and sad. It's just an animation.
4,The railroad is cut off by listening to the mythical human hymn of ready-made products and what needs to be shown.
5,The blade of extinction is really popular
6, easy
6,For an adult animation, the storyline was so childish that it felt like it was cutting off I have fancy eyes, but the story is a bit disappointing
1,I saw it because it was popular, but it's not my style
1,It was boring because there were so many useless things
1,The content is forcedly boring...It doesn't make sense to get more than 9 points
4,I used to claim to be an otaku, but I can't handle this much of Annie yet. It is made for children rather than adults, and it is not something that adults can sympathize with, like the Shin-chan theater version.
6,I understand the enthusiasm of a large audience.
2,This has such a high rating? Are you serious about your part-time job?  It's the most boring movie I've seen lately. I can't understand why it's the theater version
4,I was looking forward to it because it was a box office hit, but the story was obvious and it was regrettable that it was like an otaku. The fighting scene was spectacular and had a good sense of hitting. Is there anything to be desired because I didn't watch the original movie?
2,What's so funny? Half of the story is about screaming all day long, and the voice actors are going to lose their voices
1,What's wrong with you guys after watching this? Are you saying it's really fun? Oh, my
2,What's so funny about this? It's weird. It's better to watch Titanic #5
6,Well, there are so many scenes where I cry and scream in Japan that I hate the most, and my emotions are not in sync with me.
2,Worst. How do you like this movie?
1,Don't be fooled by the rating. It's for children under 13~~
6,I was really looking forward to it, but it feels like an episode 1 of clip-on earrings. I don't understand why tears are coming out.I heard that this is the best visitor in Japan. I can't understand
2,I'm glad I didn't watch it at the movie theater
4,People say it's so fun that I regret watching it out of curiosity, but for me, the series of extinction is like that. I thought the movie version would be a little different, but...The characters are all unlikable and quarrelsome, but there is no story.
2,The production is flashy, but the story is not good enough
1,A cartoon based on the reviews of losers Ilbechung in Korea. Ilbe Luger has no value for his existence, so he overwrites Japanese culture as being great, and psychologically, it is a phenomenon of retrograde self-defense
4,There is a lot of talk and tears.
4,To be honest, if I liked the Quikal episode better, I couldn't concentrate on the development, and I honestly didn't like the battle scene, but I was so disappointed that it was my life's work, and the quality was worse than the episode
4,I can't watch it anymore It's not fun!
1,Is it true that you get angry when you chew?
1,I think there are about five movies that I fell asleep after watching it, but this is the only movie that I turned off because it was noisy
1,It's plagiarism that copied Inception as it is. I can't believe this has a high rating.Other than that, jjamppong from a Japanese animation...ㅉ
5,I watched it on OCN yesterday. Is it true that it was number one when it was released?The story is a bit far-fetched, and the CG added in the middle is too plain for elementary school students to watch. I heard the original was a big hit, so I looked forward to it, but I fell asleep in the middle
6,If the character of the new drama had been reduced, he would have received better reviews for his work at a proper running time
5,Compared to season 1, I was really looking forward to the theater version of disappointment
5,It's just Ilppong. It's a swordplay Shinpastory that any anime fan would like. I think watching animations like this is possible because you're a fan of Ilppong and a fanatic. Ordinary people can't stand cringe-worthy lines and stories. 5 points for drawing and music
6,Animists are moved and ordinary people are hard to watch until the end. It's fun to watch until the end, but it's not that attractive or amazing. You're being fooled by the last godfather, just a comic book translation
2,After watching this animation, I understood what 8th grade syndrome is.
2,Oh... my money... My membership...
3,
1,Is it true that I got more than 9 points?
5,I watched everything from Netflix season 1 to Infinite Train, but it felt like the writer was making a sudden development to finish it quickly, so it was a bit forced. A typical B-class mass-produced cartoon.
2,The movie that otaku people say is fun, and the faces of the two-hour happy visitors who are cringe-worthy even if they watch it for real money are all the friends who lived in the library when they were in school
6,Except for the spectacular action scenes, the depth of the story is shallow. Each character is not multilayered, simple and flat. I could feel the effort of the producers in the action production, but I remember it for the rest of my life and I can't stimulate my desire to keep it.
6,Ren: The Go of Rengoku: Chili peppers are like Ku: Cookdas
4,I thought it was something great, so I watched it until the end, and the otaku were plastered with ratings.Oh, my.
3,Is "Destiny? Parasite, it's more flashy than Death Note. It's not fun. It's childish.You said you wouldn't bite me if I got cut by a hunter's knife What do you mean play right away from regeneration? And they're using their energy to regenerate, but they're fighting with energy right away. Parasite kids showed tiredness. There's nothing else to do but Nezuko about extinction...3 points because of Nezuko
6,I like them all, but I'm dragging them out
2,Next time, the rating is around 5 points, but NAVER has 9 points...Do people watching NAVER like movies? Or are they half Japanese?  Or why a job search site?
1,Wow, how can this get such a high rating? I wouldn't have watched one of the worst movies in my life if it wasn't for the unique Japanese cringe-worthy bet.I kept laughing. It was funny The reactions around me were similar to mine, but I wonder if other people thought it was touching...
1,Well, it's too far-fetched
2,I regret watching it at the theater
2,Are you crazy about Japanese? Read some Korean literature, baby. That's why the reading rate is low. I was wondering what this was about, so I came in
1,Terrible!!! What's funny is annoying!!!
6,That's too much... for me to move on to the second generation
3,It was not a work that could go beyond Sen and Chihiro. popularity drive
1,Sigh... It's so cheesy. My friend told me to watch it and it was really hard to endure
2,A typical Japanese kids' munching comic, one fresh thing to give them another star.
6,It's a very overrated Annie
2,Everyone has different tastes, but...I was so bored watching the movie that I dozed off.
6,I saw it because the rating was high, but it wasn't that touchingK
6,When I first saw it, I thought it was a bit religious, but when I saw it again, I was more immersed in the emotions of the characters. Great action and heart-warming message.
6,When I watched it without knowing the story of the demon blade, well
2,I can't believe it. Where are all the kids who used to watch Korean movies? You're giving me 9 points for this kind of stubborn Shinpa jjjjjjigae? That's why I can't stop being disgusted
5,It was a good killing time, but there's nothing special about the story except for the flashiness of the production
2,Is this fun? I fall asleep in 20 minutes, fight on the train for an hour, fight with Sanghyun Oni for 20 minutes, and listen to his speech for 10 minutes It's just a comic book that we talked about all the time. I wonder if it's me. Namjoo looks like one bts
4,After watching the first season of "Destiny Annie," I was so excited and excited about the theater version of Renkoku, which usually appears in the second half. But the first appearance and the last appearance... And since I appeared once, I wasn't impressed with Ren-Coku's story. The visual beauty is great, but the story is not good. It's an hour and a half movie, so it feels like I made it up In conclusion, I'm disappointed I'm waiting for season 2.
2,Chewing, chewing, chewing, chewing
1,Phew, the pigs... It's good
1,It doesn't make sense that the box office beat Sen and Chihiro
1,It doesn't make sense that the box office beat Sen and Chihiro
6,Well, it's a little childish, but the ending line is touching, and I think it'll look more mature, but it doesn't fit me
4,It's a real Japanese movie.…I cut my head with a knife several times to wake up from my dream….. The material is good and the animation technology is great, but it is still stuck in the old-fashioned Japanese thought I understand why this movie is great in Japan
2,Why is this rated high? A lame joke. Just a new faction. The most annoying thing is that I spend most of my running time explaining the situation. The story didn't unfold because the villain or the main character explained it so kindly.
1,A monumental work that shows Japanese Annie is going bankrupt.
6,No, I was watching because I was poked at an awl, and I lost someone to be a teacher. What's wrong with the ending? I don't get it.
1,Maybe it's because I have a lot of part-time jobs, because I don't know my ears. I got high ratings, so I looked forward to it with elementary school girls, but it's not fun at all. I mean it
1,
1,The blade of the theater version of Shinpa's blade!
2,Our country always wants to drive out Japan, and even if we are fooled by the back of our head, we find it again.The people of the pot are right.
2,I don't know why it's shining...
1,I saw it because the reviews were good. In my eyes, it's too childish and boring.
1,I don't know why it's so fast. Get out of the way
1,I mean it.
2,What's this rating? It's worse than the animation I see on TV
3,okaasan kakoii
1,That's not funny It's not as good as the claws of the seven samurai, and it's much worse
1,It's not that fun
1,
2,What's funny is a waste of time, money, a noisy movie
4,50000% accurate rating. It was childish and boring, and it was a pity that there were no background explanations, and it expressed Oni's appearance out of the blue. A movie that tries to fascinate you with weakness that doesn't help you, but there are many lessons. The reason why humans are strong, the reason why humans are beautiful. I was very impressed.
4,I'm sorry, but I don't know why it's so popular. It's like a low-level story of squeezing emotions.
1,I think it's really personal preference, but... If it wasn't a fun movie... The obvious development and direction of Japanese animation was too corny. It's really touching, but I think the whole work was boring and depressing, so I couldn't get into it well
2,There's nothing to cry about. It's no fun
1,It may feel different, but it's not that good
6,There's no background explanation at all for those who haven't seen the original
1,Maybe it was because I was looking forward to it so much that it was not fun. The animation was much more fun and just a bunch of Shinpa...
5,For ages 25 and under…..
1,I don't understand. It's well made
1,I don't understand. It's well made
3,One of the worst animations of all time.  I don't know what you're talking about.That's the worst Annie I've ever
2,Phew, this is...It's a waste of time
1,I saw it because the ratings were so high. It's just like a Japanese animation.
6,It was fun, but it was one step lower than the same production company, "Fate Heaven's Feel." Maybe because my eyes were too high, I couldn't be satisfied. The fact that JAEMIN is cutting his ears is another factor to lose points.
1,You killed Rengoku, so it's a waste of 0.5 points
4,I don't know why this is a theatrical version. It's just an episode, suitable for killing time. If I saw it at the theater, I would've said "UZZY". I skipped the back and watched it. It's gonna take over 10 years for all the characters to fight. Like a dress, I think I'll have to watch it in 50 to 100 episodes.
6,I fell asleep while watching it. It's dragging... Shinpa is serious. But the characters are charming.
4,I looked at it because I thought it was far away, and I think it fits the level of Ilppong!  Take your cardboard boxes and faxes and check it out
1,I expressed 11 points like this
6,
1,I thought I was watching the Dragon Ball battle scene
2,I really liked IU's OST I'm so stupid to say such a thing, that everyone should watch a movie like this!
4,
6,It's weird that the last aka-za suddenly comes out
1,Yes, yes, yes, an exciting song
6,A good cook's visual sugar coating
3,If you're a fan of The Devil's Blade, you should see it as a must, but if you're not, I recommend watching other theater cartoons.
1,I went to see it after seeing the rating that it was fun, but I was disappointed because it was boring and obvious.
1,Japanese animations made by directors such as Hayao Miyazaki, Mamoru Hosoda, and Deyaki Anno are interesting, and these trashy movies are such a waste of money. The content is so childish, and why is the painting so unlikeable;;;; it's more visually and audibly beneficial to just look at Hayao Miyazaki's 90s work once more. Look at the ratings of netizens. There are quite a few nerdy otaku idiots in KoreaThis animation proves that it's true. I don't have any points to recommend, so I recommend OST But I guess Ilbe is writing comments like sending FEMI's soul to this animation. Good job Ilbe, you guys
1,It depends on the point of view, but I don't think it's very impressive and I think it's a normal Annie
5,The splendor and power of the action as if watching magic, and the tears such as the morning sun and crystal ball cover the obvious weakness of the new drama with visual beauty.
2,Everyone, the scene where Renkoku dies is touching. Don't watch the rest of it
1,The story is really good, but the story is so unfortunate Most of all, there are so many Shinpa and the story is not very much because I follow the original story
4,Just a dress or this one
1,The reason why the Japanese cultural industry is going under.
1,I don't know if there are a lot of maniacs... It was like an elementary school student's story and line. I wanted a sense of whereabouts of Sen and Chihiro, but the painting style... completely... Paper comic book picture level, content attraction. I think this is the first movie that I've ever seen in my life that's such a waste of money and left a review. And it was a waste of money because it was a Japanese movie. Please check the preview and make a reservation.
4,Yuji and Jimmmmmmm
2,Bloody and cruel That's not good. I think manias will like it
3,The painting is good, the development is fast, and the fighting scene is very fancy. But like any other worker, the squeezing godpa and the voice actor's husky husky husky husky husks still remain
6,Why are you talking so much?
1,Either die quickly or Japanese Mani's emotional selling is the same as Annie. It's not fun
6,It's a movie worth watching at least once.
1,No content. There's nothing else to watch except the action scene.I watch it because I'm bored
4,For those who are not familiar with boy cartoons, their unique simple ignorance and cringe can be very annoying. Thanks to the colorful paintings, the movie is worth watching.
1,I saw Japan dreaming of victimization and revival of imperialism.
5,The video Mina production was cool. When using technology, I felt like I was being sucked into the screen. However, the story and composition were typical, and I couldn't really relate to it because it seemed to squeeze out the emotion. I think I saw it with no expression because the Ilppong spread everywhere stood out. I heard something about it. It might have been too much, but it didn't come up to my expectations.
4,I watched it. I watched all the episodes of TV series.If you're just a fan, you'll be satisfied, but if you're not, you might be boredIn the tearful scene, my emotions didn't move and I just peed...I had high expectations...It's just a typical Japanese theater version.k.a. typical Japanese theater version
2,No-no-je-pan. No-no-no-je-pen
1,I'm serious. Everyone else says I'm funny, but I'm not funny at all. I feel like I'm the only weird one and I'm being bullied Of course, I watched all 1st GEN. Does the story have a depth to it? But is there any cool action or character? What's the charm that people go crazy about? There's not much to the story! The drawing style is not good and the action is just special effects...Do you think it's funny? I don't have any fun at all.
1,To be honest, it was fun because I watched the 1st generation of Ani, but the rating was too high. It was about 7 points. I was expecting that it was an action that I didn't see. It was more than 9 points or 7 to 7.5 points. So I lowered the rating
2,The fact that this movie became a hit in Japan is a movie that makes me feel that the level of culture is different. I held it in and turned it off after 20 minutes
1,It was such a waste of money. 1. A story without probability 2. A movie without overflowing 3. The reason why I go to the movie theater is because of the sound No strength 4. Bad harmony between 3D and 2D. So who is the main character?  Everyone, 1 second cut...The story is so urgent and why are you suddenly coming out there? It was like a edited video clip of a jigsaw machine to the point where I thought so. I can't believe you're selling this.I don't think there's anything after Naruto.Ear knives only on Netflix.
1,Since people don't go to the theater because of COVID-19, the Chewers are going without a care
2,I can't wait to go home.It's so boring.
6,The last message alone was enough Annie to watch.If you're disappointed, if you're disappointed that you focused too much on moving things at the end, it's disappointing
1,
4,Japanese traditional phrases, characters, and so on
6,Am I weird? Why is this funny... Are they all elementary school kids?
1,Why is this funny?
2,-- Was I the only one who didn't like it? There's no content
1,It's not fun at all right? There's no story. It's just a fight on the train from start to finish. For your information, I've seen more than 30 animations. It's 10 deuk and I like to cut my ears after the advance. This is No Jam. If you're going to watch an action movie, it'll be more fun to watch "One Punch Man" again
1,Is this jam?
6,Compared to the popularity, I'm disappointed
1,It's below my expectations.Don't look forward to it
1,Social evil movies, hurry up and ruin it
1,It was such a low-quality childish work that it came out.
2,I'm not sure. I don't think it's my style. I was expecting Howl's moving castle or Senkwa Chihiro, but seeing blood splashing, it doesn't suit me
6,There were interesting videos and stories in between, so it was worth watching
6,As far as the action scene is concerned, I think it was really good.But the narrative was uncomfortable for me to understand.
2,It's the 8th grade syndrome animation that's fun to watch
6,The main character's earrings! Wook-diary! Was this the best?No one's talking about the Rising Sun Flag^^;;
1,be not worth evaluating There is no connection between Korea and Japan. The work itself is so bad. People who enjoyed watching it...I really don't know what it is. There are so many different tastes in the world.
1,Look at the rating. You have to be immersed in it. It's fun, but at the end, the stories that you force yourself to do. If you're not focused, you'll get 1 point to match the score.
1,What is Jeon Beom Ki'I'm so annoyed
6,Oni trains (not Snowpiercer) are cut into Japanese swords with war criminal-shaped earrings. Despite the countless rehashed worldviews, obvious stories, somewhat childish developments, and the Japanese cultural type, I thought there must be a reason for the success in Japan and Korea. His lines and emotions are as rampant as his actions. The box office performance is not explained by the rave reviews of existing fans.
1,I was looking forward to it because the ratings were good, but the story was so obvious and the cheesy jokes... The typical touching ending was boring. The visual beauty was good, but I was very dissatisfied with the story.
6,I really enjoyed myself. (Laughs)
1,I don't like Japanese animation's unique exaggeration
5,action that is faithful to the boy's sentiments
1,If you can stand the emotional side,
1,the blade of a new school
6,It's a cliche.Renkoku is cool, but it doesn't leave a lingering impression. It kind of feels like a teen cartoon
6,
6,The TV series is too loose, but this movie is too new, although I admit the last action
6,Everything is good... Earring diary... That's too much. We're looking at it, but it's a Japanese chess game. It's like a director or a writer.
6,It was touching and thrilling
1,Japanese Annie is now dead.
1,Rapper Playboy Carty releases a deluxe version of his album Whole Lotta Red! Release it!
4,The movie version was also outstanding because it was so outstanding in animation.Perhaps because Annie showed a movie version of the movie, it didn't feel like the movie version.And the BGM was also good in the animation and it was good in the movie version. Especially when Akaja appears, the BGM is the bestBut that's the only good thing.The middle part in particular is the height of boredom. Unlike the theater version of other animations, the Infinite Train itself is not about foreign currency, but it is about Annie, but the boredom cannot be washed away in the middle. It would have been less if it came out as an animation for 20 minutes, but I think it's because it's a movie version.And Enmu's sakin is too weak. I think it's weaker than Louis who came out in anime. Maybe because Akaza vs. Rengoku is the main event, Enmu came out like a middle boss, but it's so empty. I can't do anything. I just lie down after fusing with the train Death. What's this? And this is especially the last scene. When you make it, you have to not shed a single tear It was so cringe-worthy that I couldn't watch Om Tanjiro's scene where he was forced to spill. When Rengoku died, Rengoku left before he got attached, so I couldn't cry. But it was sad because it was the shortest exit. I thought it was the last scene
1,Too many useless scenes, too likely to eat, too forcefully moved. I admit that the painting is the best, but honestly, the fighting scene wasn't that cool either. The evaluation is too bubbly compared to the movie. It's a movie that's overrated because of its title, "The Blade of Destruction."
6,Godpotable is a real compliment, but... I fell asleep in the middle... The battle with Sanghyun is the best, but that's it
1,This is fun?? This has surpassed Sen and Chihiro's box office record in Japan? You cried? Did you expect to win the Academy Award??!!!! Are you out of your mind? Rubbish as bad as a TV series.
1,Eni, who can see the level of Japanese comics these days. This is the trash that Japanese people get bullied if they don't watch it? It's famous, so I was watching Netflix TV and gave it up because it was childish.It's the same as the TV version It's an extension of the TV version, do you want an Oscar after submitting it to the academy? I was speechless...It's just a simple animator, but why are you making such a fuss and calling it a masterpiece? Japan's old Enime was really good, but Japanese Anime is sinking like Japan. It's kind of sad.
6,I think I watched TV for two years. It's hard to hear the main character's voice when he's screaming or crying.More than sadness and feelings of distribution, I can only feel evil.It wasn't this bad on TV
1,Technology names get so much 8th grade syndrome and too often describe how they feel about the situation that they get distracted... It was too childish for an adult.
1,It's a joke. It's an animation that doesn't make you regret if you don't watch this
2,What's so funny? It's for elementary school students
4,Cheap Shinpa and Tearless Elementary School-level Work
1,It's like looking at the intestinal endoscopy for 30 minutes. a foul mood A dog's form. A bunch of hastily written stories. Shout out loud... Anyway, since he hit the jackpot with this kind of underachiever, his business ability is the best. To be honest, everything is far-fetched, so the theater version is worse than the series Hanhwa.
6,Honestly, I don't think it's a work that deserves this much evaluation
6,It's amazing. There were so many typo kings in our country.
6,I can't get rid of the feeling of being overrated! Showing the height of the new school, creating excessive situations, dealing with lines!!! I don't know where to be touched! The visual beauty is outstanding
2,Rubbish. Like a cartoon, there is no story, cruel and hateful content.I don't really understand why you're looking at this. I can understand why the Japanese film industry, which has been successful in such movies, is collapsing.  Never pay to watch. Cruel and repugnant without much content. Extremely Japanese
1,I'm sorry to the fans who are dying, but the review is to write what you felt after seeing it, so I'll be honest.To begin with, I don't like it.I don't know why I'm so sentimental about the character, Lancoku; I honestly don't understand why the character is suddenly struggling with a lack of awareness of the characterAnd I don't really like battle scenes or battle BGM.It would be better to listen to one more Fate Zero BGM, which has been released for 10 years ago. Honestly, Japanese animation these days? It's so different; compared to hidden twists, complex characters, messages to viewers in each situation, and all-time masterpieces with matching BGM, there are many animations that focus on commercialization that are all down to creativity.They sent their men in mysterious train-related incidents, but they said they were out of touch - but it doesn't make sense that they're carrying civilians on trains or continuing to operate in such a serious stateIn order to meet this situation, it would be right for the demise, who turned into a civilian, to board the train.Otherwise, it can only be explained in an inhumane way that they deliberately sacrificed civilians to reveal the train mystery.When you feel like you're eating an action scene that starts with the intro and a bland food that doesn't involve any seasoning, despite the vast amount of two hours, I don't know;
6,In the Hinokami Kagura dance, Tanjiro's father is holding the lacquer map of Korea.It's definitely a bad thing to put a culture that's secretly ingrained in a cartoon.Tanjiro's earrings also represent the Rising Sun Flag of Japan, so their purity is very low. I was going to give you 5 stars, but for the same reason as above, I give you 3 stars.
1,It's a typical Japanese sentimental story about 8th grade syndrome. From start to finish, the story is full of clichés that are obvious to the heart. I thought you would copy the poster and do this.He stayed at the top of Naver's movie rankings for a long time, so I thought, "Is there something?" and I feel like I was tricked. And as soon as I saw the main character's earrings, I thought of the Rising Sun Flag and it made me feel dirty. It was truly disgusting that they didn't reflect on their past misbehavior and pretended to be righteous, saying that the strong should protect the weak.
1,It's so boring. School lunch vibes
6,The animated images combined with 2D and 3D are unique, and the action including water and fire is exciting. However, it is regrettable that there are so many cheesy lines unique to Japanese movies.
6,Well, honestly, I don'tIt was fun from time to time, but the ending was a bit ㅠㅠ TT...But directing is really good
5,It's so much funIt's so much funIt's so much fun
4,Isn't it a discussion of demise? You talk too much
6,It's not as good as the TV series. I'm surprised it was a fuss in Japan. Getting tired of it until the middle
5,You've only been looking at the Academy this far?
2,Earrings are the Rising Sun Flag... --ㅡㅡ
1,Is that right wing animation?
4,I enjoyed watching Annie.It wasn't really worth going to the theater. Not to that extent.One of the episodes to watch the next one.
1,They seem to be learning how to write cheesy lines
1,K
1,Alba, I was fooled by the ratings because of you guys, but I'm really watching the movie version of this freak family. Don't make any more movies like this. You've been squirting it in the air
4,I saw it today and I cried watching this. Is this fun? The boring Japanese lines that explain step by step are annoying
5,The original cartoon is more fun I can't help but feel childish. When I read the reviews, everyone cried at the end, but I laughed because I saw the crow's tears. Maybe because I know the original content, but it's really fun after this. I wonder how the animation will turn out
1,occultation
1,Did more than 1.8 million elementary school students go to see it?
1,She's just trying to explain and fight with the goblin. Why are you overreacting?
2,I fell asleep at the beginning of "Movie for Otaku"...I don't know if it's too far away, but only those who know the existing content will understand...To be honest, Otakuyong personally acknowledges most of the famous Japanese cartoons, but I don't think this is it...
4,The new faction and the ambassador ruined everything
2,I have high expectations. Super boring and obvious story
2,I saw it because the rating was high, but it's very boring...
6,
3,Just a Japanese version of a vampire work. Only the graphics of the UFO shone.
1,I can't believe that 1.8 million people watched this kind of movie.It's a dog's movie
1,Um... My friend told me to watch it because it was so fun, and it was just childishI don't even know why I'm crying all of a sudden. Isn't the spoiler scene a stepping stone for the main character's growth? I've seen it a lot
1,It's a sign of ruin
1,
6,I didn't know why I was so enthusiastic about the clip. It's just obvious. There's a lot of Japanese anime cringe and there's not a lot of action scenes, so my friend fell asleep watching it. I don't know why it's so popular. It's so popular
6,Annie, based on the comic book, changed her mind that she didn't watch it in the theater, but not in the theater The painting style was less immersed in the big screen, and the theme consciousness (responsibility, family love) was simple, but the story was plain because even the method of delivery was simple and direct But Japanese joke is too much to talk about Oscar with this kind of movie.Did you think it was an Oscar-winning movie just because you beat the movie 20 years ago with your income? The OST and some battle scenes were high-quality, especially in the final battle scene, which was quite immersive
1,This is a movie. The color was so dark that it was disgusting to see
6,It's for kids at the level of Jordan. I'm sorry I saw him... I'm sorry. I put it off and I put it off. I love movies. There's nothing to watch. There's a free ticket once a month. I was watching just in case, but I couldn't hold it in and came out. I hope you go with your nephew... It's my fault This is.
2,The OST of the painting was good, but the content was not very organized. "I did this because I thought I needed to do this." I ran into him while passing by The development of the expression is very unconvincing. One of the points that this animation gives the audience fun is the emotion that is conveyed through the character's situation and psychology, but I feel like I'm an emotional man because I tend to drag it out overall. If I had watched it when I was young, I might have thought it was fun, but from what I'm watching now, I wonder if it's a movie that's worth so many people going crazy about. It's a movie that benefited from the COVID-19 situation
3,I watched it thinking it was a masterpiece that saved the theater of the COVID-19 era.I enjoyed reading comic books. The TV version was also worth watching. But the movie version is boring. Maybe because I'm old, or because I know the content, the main characters' acting was forced, unable to empathize, and their voices were loud. There's a lot of action, but it's similar.As the content of the TV version is increased to the theater version, the main characters' lines and actions are excessive.I think it would be more fun if I summarized it on TV. My daughter, who didn't watch the "Knife of the Dead," enjoyed it.
1,Gwi-kal feels like he has woven the story structure and advantages of Shinam Hangosa + Naruto + Wind's sword, and I don't like the cliché Japanese movie lines (the lines that are like 8th grade syndrome) and Jeon Beom-ki earrings.
3,Hey, this meaningless 731 Japanese Military Sexual Slavery history distortion Japanese monster is the number one Korean box office hit. I can see how light their brains and emotions are these days
6,It was fun, but not as much as I expected
1,The strange perversion of the island nation's unique animations is really raging. In Japan, I was proud and sarcastic to see Annie's success in Korea during the COVID-19 era. I don't want you to be patriotic. However, let's not be ridiculed by monkeys in countries that do not respect us and praise them to the point where they are thirsty for such samurai animations.Ah, you guys have a lot of pot!
5,When the hell do you fight? A movie that keeps looking at the clock.There are so many lines... I have a lot of memories.In order to understand this, I should have watched season 1 or comic books, but did all the Japanese people watch the movie?I was wondering if this was a movie to watch in the theater. Like a TV version? This is the number one box office hit? They say that we all cried while we talked too much. No one cried at the theater I saw.But the color of the duel scene is good.
1,The movie is about how Japan, which is obsessed with Japan, and the president who is floundering around in the middle of the world, is now 40 to 50 percent owned by the Chinese, exploring the public, Dokdo, Pohang, and coastal areas, can't catch Korea I'm not going to be able to take root in the first place. I'm just going to blame someone else. I'm going to blame the Communist Party of China and Japanese imperialism for the sake of course, I'm not going to wander around like a Jew
1,Raising a sea monkey would be more fun.
1,Please stop making elementary movies and increase the number of other movie theaters
2,It's so boring. If you're going to watch this, play something else.I lost my money. I lost my sleep ^^ If you look at this, I lost my money
6,The video is fancy, but the story isn't that...There was a lack of probability of a new villain appearing, and it was such a vain ending
2,Why are you looking at me like this?
6,I was bored because there were so many scenes where I cried.
4,I would have regretted it if I had seen it in the real movie theater.I'm just touched by that, and I think I ate too much raw since only the purple 3D came out in the beginning
6,I was looking forward to it because the reviews were so good. It wasn't so-so
5,
1,It's a movie for those who like it or like it
2,Oduk Dirty Pussy Pussy Pussy Pussy Cartoons Haha Level S.B. Sweating Dirty Glasses Pig Psychos
1,Yasukuni's blade. Anyway, they rushed in saying that they liked it
1,I don't understand why they beat Sen, Chihiro and Howl's Moving Castle to the top of the box office
6,The battle scene itself is great, but since the movie's unique content is an extension of the animation, it feels like I'm watching three 30-minute episodes in a row, so there's no storyline in the movie itself. But the camera composition and the battle scenes were much better than the animation. It was good to convey various meanings like a boy cartoon, and the ending was good because it felt like I was preparing for the next season, so it was good? It's a bummer
6,It was worth watching, but it was like three or four 30-minute films in the series, so I wondered if it was necessary to watch it as a theater version. However, the philosophical foundation was also great, such as the dignity of human beings, the love of the world, and the world of the spirit led by beliefs.There are many bloody scenes, too young to be seen.
6,Sword with fire, air mixed with blood, and soul-grinding action.May your future shine.
6,You don't have to watch it at the theater
2,There are people who watch movies with war criminals, so Japan proudly uses war criminals in the Olympics
6,
1,Annie, who is reluctant with a dirty Japanese right-wing smell
2,Well, read some books
1,Why is the voice actor's voice so loud? It's really annoying...  Also, the silly laugh code... haha... (Is my code weird?) Why am I here to see this? The reality is... As someone who doesn't know the story of the blade of extinction... It wasn't fun at all! What a waste of stars! It's my first time posting a review.
2,I went to watch the movie version after binge-watching the 1st installment of the blade of extinction. The conclusion is that it is a disappointing and disappointing work. The painting is gorgeous and wonderful, but the story, the character's emotional lines, and the directing felt so crude and clumsy. I felt that it was the limitation of Japanese animation, and the animation for movies is always neat, but when I bring the animation that was aired on TV to the theater version, I think it is corny and like a children's animation. Is this the blade of extinction or the boy version of Sailor Moon? And aside from the cringe of the first villains, the clumsiness of mixing 2d and 3d, it's really a brainstorm of a brainstorm when you're dying and you're in a monologue about how great the cast is. At the end, my mom came out, and at the ending of the Japanese lesson...I wondered what I really saw. Of course, I am a fan of Japanese animation, and I understand that it is somewhat different in terms of emotion, but is this movie version really the blade of extinction that I've seen? It was incredibly skeptical.  As a person who is looking forward to the second term, it was a little disappointing.
2,I saw it because the rating was very good, and it was completely faked.It's not a good movie at all, but I'm not sure how many compliments I have.You guys are so mean.
4,Poor Japanese color culture... The probability of the story...
1,It's just childish. I don't think it's 9.3
6,It was just like that, but nothing really touched me, and there were so many lessons
1,In the original book, there are earrings with a war criminal on them.Is it covered by fixing it? Tsk, tsk
4,The story is sad and sad
2,It's not worth a review.It's like a cartoon for kids
1,I think it's about 5 points, but the action is not good either
6,Japanese comics are a bit heavy
1,As a viewer who finished watching Naruto One Piece, the earknife was a kid's joke and slept while watching the real no fun. I don't have an "ㅛ은은" but I just cry
1,Am I weird? I don't usually watch animations, but I got a 9.6 rating, so I thought it was fun.What is this? The humorous drawing style in the middle didn't suit me at all, and I'm not sure if it's probable. Is Annie like this?
1,Why is it spring on the right? I can hear the cries of our ancestors
2,When did you come down to the movie theater? What kind of movie has not been there for 3 months?
5,It's fun, but rather than movies... I think it's fun to watch as an animation. So at the end of the train story, it's fun, but it's not something that's going to be crazy. What is it? I did. But when Ren-Coku and Sanghyun came out in the back, the directing was really bad. It's like a movie for that part. I just want to see the end again. I also shed tears, but I cried a lot while watching other cartoons.
6,Directing and visual beauty is really good as an animation. However, there are some parts that are quite difficult to understand for people who are new to the cartoon, "The Blade of Extinction" for the story and details, and there are definitely parts that are too unfriendly. I recommend you to keep that in mind. And the storyline is obviously simple.
1,the blade of the Rising Sun
2,You compared it to Sen and Chihiro, so I checked...I shouldn't have compared it... I was looking forward to it because I heard the action is good, too? I thought I was going to die because it was so cheesy.
1,
6,I'm really looking forward to it, but not bad. It's not bad
1,I don't think Annie is compatible with me. I enjoyed your name. I heard that you have to endure the otaku style to watch it. That's perfectThere's nothing touching or teary about it It's just a fight and it ends
6,It's similar to the Blych Wekomund
1,So boring
2,
5,The battle scene is unprecedented
1,Is this fun? Seriously?
6,As a mother, I was sleepy K
6,
6,The directing and painting that exceeds the original work are impressive. However, Japan's unique glorification of Kamikaze is at the bottom.
1,I feel the Japanese animation limit right;; This was a box office hit? I'm so touched that I'm crying because I'm childish and I'm fooled by the score
6,Honestly, I don't understand this popularity The painting style is too rough, the action is plain, and the flow is cut off and disappointed by the comic scenes in between
6,
1,Right-wing work + Stories that JAEMIN would like in 2013 Advance Right-wing controversy, but you know that there is nothing to say even if you hear about Korean Japanese who wash the blade of extinction well, right? If Lee Wan-yong was born 100 years later in the era of cultural rule in 1920 and again in 2020-2021, ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
6,I think people who like animations will like it
4,I like Anime very much. But I can't believe that this level of movie is number one in Japan.I think the TV series is a little better.It's a medium QUARITY among Japanese action anime.It is not comparable to the Cabaneri of a similar genre, and it seems to be a step below the pace series, the advance giant, and the fairtail. What's interesting is...The reviews are so popular that I think they're part-timersThe story was too simple, and the past long life in the main characters' dreams was loose enough to go against the overall speed.The action was super simple, hypnotic, and the main character's action was also...Lastly, the forced Shinpa...I don't know where it's touching...It was a completely unsympathetic narrative.It's a very common level of intermediate action in Japan.The rating... I can say anime otakura, but...I don't think this is right?
1,I fell asleep looking at it.
6,It's fun, but it's so new forced tears
1,I like the Japanese theater version of Annie, but I am sure that I grew up watching Hayao Miyazaki's animation, which is trash level, and I am cursed because it is childish like a TV version. If it's for a 7-year-old, it's fun to watch this Tearful, dog-talking trash are all part-timers - Howl's Moving Castle, Sen and Chihiro missing, Mononoke Hime, Neighbor Totoro, Perforated Castle Laputa, Witch Delivery Service Kiki, Mami Under Arieti, etc. Watch these and write comments again
1,I'm not sure if the ratings here are reportable.You don't have to explain everything in your lines and just scream loudly.I've never seen a movie in my life where I talk a lot and scream so loudly.For your information, I leave a movie rating for the first time. The ratings here are so sad and touching ㅠㅠ I knew it was deafening.
1,Boring and boring
4,Like unnecessary emotions and lines, I expected it to win the first place in the Japanese box office, but it is terrible. OO's work foretells the bleak future of Japanese films
1,Get out of here. I can't help you, you nerds
5,The story doesn't have much content. It's a big story, but considering what's going to happen, it's a big story. Then I think there should be some movie versions. Originally, the animation was good, but it was enjoyable to show off a higher-quality painting (no crop) like the theater version.The most uncomfortable part is the narrative of the new drama that interferes with immersion. It mainly consists of scenes that can be understood, such as the scene where values are educated by parents, but failed to control the speed as the weight increased. At one point I had to sit there feeling like I was being educated in thought with my eyeballs.Compared to Sen and Chihiro's disappearance, I think it was too much to mention the Oscars. It was definitely a good video for fans of ear knives. Only, was this supposed to be a theatrical version? The level of thinking never goes away.
2,Who draws the Rising Sun Flag on paper and hangs it on his ears? I almost said, "It's disgusting that I forced it in. I don't understand why I watch the animation."
4,It's just a childish feeling...I've seen all the TV versions, so I know the plot, but I just...I just don't understand why this is a boisterous Annie.
6,It's all good, but the Japanese cartoon's unique sentiment... You have to keep winning, you have to keep it. You don't give up. You have the same courage, friendship, faith. You keep screaming. It prevents you from getting into it
5,The reason why I was born strong was to help the weak...   That's a wonderful thing to say
1,Dragon Ball Is More Fun
5,I don't know if it's because I haven't found Japanese animation attractive, but it wasn't fun My sister wants to watch it with me. Are you going?Not really
5,I watched all the series on Watcha and saw the movie version because the reviews were good, but it was not good. There's nothing like the Miyazaki Hayao series, but why are there so many people who are moved? The main character's saving of people without countermeasures is just like a Japanese charade, and in the main character's family scene, he said, "Yeah, we're family," but Renkoku doesn't know where the tear point is. As with the series, there is no answer to why it should be, and the meaningless story is really not. I think it's more fun to have sofion or slime.
1,I don't want you to act like a Japanese kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk. I don't want to hear that. I can't concentrate because the fans are clingy
2,Ha... That's not funny.It's childish. I don't recommend it
1,I have regrets about Japanese animation and comments
2,If you haven't seen cartoons or animations, it's hard to understand because of the limited screen time and the lack of foundation for the story, so you feel like you're squeezing out too much pressure.It's a different attempt from the existing Annie's theater version, but I think I should watch it in the theater.
1,Don't pay me to watch it
5,Maybe it's because I didn't know the fundamental story, but I can't concentrate on my emotions.And crucially, there's too much emotion; the action seems normal; why is the boar so loud? It's emotion-breaking; but BGM was good. The BGM saved it.
2,I was looking forward to it because the rating was high, but it was a huge disappointment.Why is the rating so high?
2,A typical Japanese theater version of Annie... I've been talking a lot lately. What is this?
2,Now that I watch Japanese animation, it's disgusting
1,I don't know what kind of emotion this is... You're acting too much, you're not good at storytelling.
1,Does it make sense to see right wing Annie in the first place?Wake up, Koreans. Ear knives are right-wing
1,Characteristic of Aniboger: He's never been in a relationship before
1,If it was boring and had a skip function, I would have watched it while passing it over.I was fooled by the part-time job comment
2,Oh, Ellen, I didn't know this would happen here. I kicked Mikasa. Later, Hanji died. Levi, two fingers were cut off
1,It's just a typical 10-fan-style sentimental animation
6,There are so many tears that it's enough to extinguish the flames
2,I can't believe I'm touched by the cartoon.It's frustrating
5,I had hoped that there would be a better combination of 2D and 3D in the theater version, but it was similar to the TVA version, and it was a pity that there was no story organization for people who saw it for the first time
2,There are some crazy people who watch this right wing movie
2,It's worth watching the Shinpa trash action scene. It's worth watching
1,This is my GPA part-time job.
6,
1,Not bad, but the current rating is excessive. It's an animation that's crazy about people who don't have a girlfriend
1,a Japanese film seen by native Japanese pirates
1,Am I too old?  There's an explanatory caption that explains it'  When you die, you just die. You talk too much.You're explaining because you don't understand even if you see it? What is this movie? The only thing I don't remember is this.  I'll hold it in if the second oldest in elementary school is fun
1,It's worth watching. I think 9 points is too much
6,Action scenes are good, comic, touching, lessons are good, but... The story is just one of the episodes on TV, and there are too many lines between the action scenes and the ending;;;; the work is just beyond Disney's toes, and the video/action is just normal among the existing Japanese animations. These days, Japanese animations tend to cry out loud. It would have been nice if there was a calm aftertaste of dry expression.
1,It's an otaku movie.
2,It's over after a long pause.Rating too high
5,I enjoyed your discussion of life history after watching "Euiyeoldan Cheomdeok" who shouted "half-Japanese"^^
6,It's worth watching, in terms of story action
4,I was dozing off as everyone was looking forward to it because it was a great compliment. In the second half, there was also a regret that it was too much of a tear-jerking development. Personally, the 19th episode of season 1 was much more fun.
2,That's such a high ratingI don't understand
1,
1,Wow, it's really not fun I recommend you not to watch it. I fell asleep while watching it
1,Japanese animations can be downloaded. It's childish, but there's nothing left after watching it. The background of the entertainment era is the colonial era of our country. It's bitter. The main character's earring has a war criminal flag on it all the time, so it's uncomfortable to look at. It's an obvious and cliche story that he gradually develops his skills and defeats evil
1,This movie is the biggest hit in Japan? Where did you sell all those fancy 8's and 90's cartoons? It must be hard to go back in time~~ Pathetic Japan that is making a fuss about the greatest box office success~~~~ Are you hearing Korean B.S. that this is fun?
1,It's not fun. It'll be fun for kids only.
1,The otaku are the answer to extermination. It's just that much of an animated exaggeration and emotional expression, but it's only this much of a fuss, and I doubt the mental state of the otaku
1,Everyone says it's fun, but I think I'm the only one who didn't think it was funThe quality is really good, but it feels like I added too much comedyHe kept saying that until the end, whether I should be moved or if I should laugh
4,I don't understand how good the ratings are, but the only thing I'll see is the last battle scene
2,It's not fun. It's a forced story
1,Not so good except for the battle scenesI'm the only one who thinks of Bleach and looks like a school uniform
6,a comic that is good for children to see
4,If you're an animation fan, you'll enjoy watching it
6,There were boring parts in between, and I think it was not good compared to Annie because I felt like I was squeezing out so much emotion throughout the second half.
1,Just download it and watch it when you're bored. It's perfect
6,The production was good, but... I didn't think so, but I ended up dead.
2,The most childish Annie ever, the silent Pat and Matt are funnier
1,Zero point, zero point. It's not fun and I can't relate
1,In the order of the low ratings, it's pathetic people who are so mean that they're so mean
1,Pathetic people, study history
1,The disadvantage is that Shinpa is too strong
6,I don't think it really hit home
1,It's a very childish movie that only fans would like. I was looking forward to it because the rating was high, but it felt like I saw it at a movie theater.
1,Akaja, I love you.
2,It's so cartoonish. There is no end to it. I failed because I got a grade. Is this around 9 points?Laya and the Dragon were really crazy fun.This is really not it!
1,
4,After the movie started, I was bored and cried for an hour and a half. The lines are cheesy and too loud. The last battle scene is worth five minutes and the rest is nothing to watch. The otaku have raised their ratings, so don't be fooled and don't look. a waste of money and time
1,I haven't watched it yet. If it's fun, I'll give
2,That's lame. What a waste of stars.
6,The story of acknowledging the creation of the movie and acknowledgement of the action... Yes, it is. More than anything, I can't believe that I can only use the character that I expected.
5,The content is too obvious and the story is unlikely.The character concept is too childish. What letters do you have in your eyes? As soon as I saw Kyohiro, I thought of Kyohiro, a samurai show, but the 8th grade syndrome that's unique to Japanese Annie is so bad that it's far less than Naruto, One Piece, Hunter Hunter. I can't write it specifically because it's a spoiler.But all of this is covered by the action production of this movie.Action production is more impressive than other Japanese animations. OST plays a good role and it's fun overall at the level of middle school students, but I don't understand how grown-ups are enthusiastic about it.Adults who are 10 to 12 years old don't know what to do with toys.People these days are so into it
1,When I first saw it, my heart was pounding, but... The boss in the middle of the room fell asleep with his hands. You said that, and I died, too. ㅠㅠㅠ
2,It was fun, but it's a bit boring. It's about 8 points, but I think the current rating is too high, so I'll give you 2 points. I think it's like a movie version of Pokemon Mutsu's attack. The person who saw Annie must have found it interesting. I've only watched season 12 so I don't think it's enough to praise
2,Wow, this movie is prohibited unless you are a maniac.I went in without knowing anything, but I barely held it in when I wanted to run out. Throwing away two hours...--ㅡㅡ
6,I can't understand because I only watch movies
1,I lost my money.
6,A movie for the last half hour. An hour in the middle is really boring. If you endure the boredom, you can open your mouth for 30 minutes
1,No difference from existing boy cartoons of Dress, Bleach, and Naruto. Don't expect much humanism or emotion.If I cry watching this, I'll cry watching Shin Chan. I heard that kids these days are so into it ;-; The reality is boring, right?
2,I was fooled by the rating... I don't know where it's fun
1,I can't believe my GPA is over 9.6...  Overall, the action is quite worth watching, but the storyline and overall feeling are not different from the existing Japanese animation... Looking at the other evaluation after writing, all of them are 10 points.  They're not part-timers.  Even if it's Alvara, you have to be sensible enough.My actual rating is about 6.5 points, but I give you 1 point to get it right. It's perfect to watch on Netflix for killing time.
4,The production was very good, but the sound was too tight. Too many useless touching points. Too many nice things were frustrating. When we cried together, we wanted to go out of the theater
2,Why does it get deleted if I say it's not fun?
6,To be honest, if I had seen Annie, I would have been very excited, but I could predict what kind of lines she would say. Yuptables are great.If it weren't for Yuputables... I can't continue talking...
1,It's really not fun. Why are you watching?
1,Yes, everything is ^^ㅂㅂ
6,It wasn't easy to immerse myself, but it was touching and the directing was cool. It seemed like the quality was really focused on. I can't get myself into it. I think it's hard to focus in the second half, but overall, I think the fans will like it
2,I don't have a lot of Nezuko shots ㅜㅜ When my forehead bleeds and hurts, it's cute. It's sad that it's a Japanese animation.
1,It's not fun.
6,Kill For Dream 1. Aka-za's voice is a bit disappointing. It's a part of Kyohjoo's voice that's like "Tzen-like voice? This suits me better 2. The fight with Ha Hyun 1 is too childish. Converging with the train? It's not realistic. It's fun in dreams. 3. It's obvious that Sanghyun 3 is coming out after the movie. It's more realistic to say that Mujan gave blood to Sanghyun 1. When he died, he said, "Mujan has a blood problem." But it'd be better to say that it's cool than Akazabum Kokushbow
2,I was watching this with Netflix kids before I watched the movie, and I stopped watching it because it was so violentI saw the limitations of Japan. It just happened to be a pathetic country that had to resort to sexual and violent provocations  The story and characters are also childish
1,I've been a fan of Japanese comics for a long time, but I can't stand the fact that I'm excited about the cartoon with the Rising Sun Flag. It could have been because I didn't know how to learn before, but now I'm sure everyone knows.  It's not about the work and the nationality of the work, it's about the artist's thoughts. Even now, Japan is fiercely confronted by history issues, and it is pathetic to see that cartoons drawn proudly in the Rising Sun Flag are good in Korean soil.
4,Story is not fun. RENKOKU is fighting alone
1,It's a shame that I couldn't even make it in the Evangelion book that was released 10 years ago
2,....It's just boring, loud, and it hurts my eyes
6,It's a little slow, but it's long.A movie that evokes lingering emotions by pledging resolution with overwhelming emotion.
5,I don't know if this works these days.  In this age, works full of bluffing are popular.
1,Koreans love Japan more than anyone else. It is a contradictory nation that embraces the Daisho, which has achieved Japan's revival by exploiting its own country beyond Japanese culture while boycotting Japan
6,I don't have much to watch except for fighting afterwards, but it's not a movie worth 12,000 won, so don't waste money and watch it when it comes out
2,Ugh... it wasn't good
4,It's not as fun as I thought. It's not fun.
6,
1,In other countries, the earrings with the pattern of the war criminal flag will be flying around. Did you all enjoy it? Japan must be very proud of the war criminal flag because not any other country, but the Republic of Korea, which is the victim of Japan's war crimes, has watched 1 million of these animations and said they are funny!
6,Is it worth watching until middle school?I don't know why it's so popular. Is it the expectation of the original?
5,The animation showed the best performance, but I couldn't feel the story or OST emotion, and I didn't watch it enough to pay for it
2,A new wave, a forced production, an abuse of kindness, a fall of a pig dreaming of a pearl necklace
4,Do you have any conscience about making a NAVER rating of 9.6? This is too much, right?I was not interested in Japanese animations, but I was so disappointed because I trusted the review.  I dozed off until the middle.It was worth watching from mid to late The video quality was good, tooBut the Japanese animation's unique way of shouting and cringe and repeating the same words hurt my ears and it bothers me. I think it's going to be good for people who like this genre in the first place, so they're gathered in the review.I tend to enjoy watching everything, but no no... It was my first time wanting to go back to time before the ticketing
2,Something... a frustrating and sudden development without a real story
4,The whole thing was so boring except for the last battle scene.
2,The main character is wearing the Rising Sun Flag earrings, but Koreans who watch this have no pride...
6,An animation that doesn't show the merits of the blade of the demon. Unlike the previous action-oriented animation, I think the first "Devil's Blade" was the difference between fast story progression and good action scenes, but this movie version is equally excellent, but there are too many unnecessary things. There are so many attempts to squeeze out emotion even though there is no subject to be touched, but I think it is not effective. If it weren't for the action with Sanghyun 3, it wouldn't be 6 points, but the last action is the best
1,I studied Japanese a lot, so I went to see it because I wanted to become an otaku, but I couldn't relate to it. 한국인 정서에 안맞아요 とても感動することができませんでした。悲しいね。
5,I don't understand. Everyone's part-timer...It's really not funny.In the middle... It came out...
1,Skip it from the war criminal's earring.
1,Japanese culture begins with a sword
5,It's like a series of TV animations in theaters
2,I don't know ㅜㅜ
1,I'll give you 1 point like 11 points^^
6,My middle school daughter wanted to see it, so we watched it together.It was worth watching
5,Don't go after looking at NAVER's score Movies are just like that The story was normal and the story was obvious, so it felt like I was watching several animations But the direction is good
1,The real Annie made a wall in the theater version. The film, OST, and battle scene directing were better than any other boy cartoon movie version, and I think it will remain the top one in the future. In addition, I loved the fact that it was made based on the original content that continued with the first generation, not a new story. However, I don't know if it's because the original material is unfortunate, but I couldn't get rid of it even though I had the unique shortcomings and limitations of the animation version. The animated films are always good, but there are always loopholes in the story and probability. I don't know where the infinite train is, but I was disappointed when I watched it. (People with too high eyes will be disappointed) Anyway, Annie just fed me. But I thought 9.6 points was too high. Star rating. Terus! I'm sorry to the fans
2,Is the rating for real?
2,If you watch this, you regret half of your life
2,No, the script writer has a lot of lines with characters. There are so many lines. They're all explaining. They're breaking up while trying to get into it. They're angry that the person next to them says everything
4,To be honest, I was looking forward to seeing how the movie would turn out if it was a movie version that was this much as an animation, but I felt the same way as watching 3 or 4 episodes of anime for 12500 won I guess I was looking forward to it too much People were quiet the whole time I watched it, and I went out to watch it like I was binge-watching an animation, and there was no cookie video
4,No... I don't think it's that bad. I felt so sorry for asking you to go watch it with me.
2,There's nothing else to see except for drawing. I didn't like it Only the last battle scene of Rengoku is worth seeing.
6,It was fun. It was fun
1,I only watched the 2nd trailer, but I've never seen such a boring movie in my life. I dozed off until the end of this movie, and I thought I'd get a mental illness, so the reviews for people who came out are much more interesting
1,It's so boring...
1,changed the name of a zombie to blood He's not creative. He's childish
4,I watched all the series and looked forward to it.To be honest, I'm so disappointed. Too Much Ambassador Too Much Jing Jing Too Much Explanation Train has nothing to do with Climax. Although the fight between Sanghyun 3 and Rengoku was overwhelming, only the painting was cool, but it was not particularly impressive.  I got goosebumps when I fought Tanjiro and Louie in episode 19, but there was no kill shot like that.  Why did he do that? At some point, I thought it was childish. The last time a crow flies away, it's really...Oh, this isn't it. I thought about it
4,1st generation. I'm not impressed when I fight with Louis.I'm a big fan too, but I'm a bit sleepy.There's nothing to see but Renkoku and Sanghyun fight.
6,It would have been nice to exclude a few lines that were unnecessary. The music played in battle scenes and characters was so good.
1,Anif Signs pay for this. The way they talk about it, it smells like real
1,It's a third-rate comic full of childish jjamppong. I'm busy sucking up baduks.
1,My friend told me to watch it, so I was fooled and went to watch it in 4D, but my friend was making me cry every time I saw it. The more I saw it, the more I fell asleep, the more I saw it, the more I laughed, the more I laughed I was lying down after watching a movie and my friend called me to go watch the second movie. I almost threw my phone
1,It is complicated that Japanese movies will be popular in March when there is March Independence Movement Day.Most Japanese living in Korea saw it, right? There's no way that Koreans would have seen it if they only had poop on their heads.
2,I fell asleep because it was so boring that I could fall asleep after 30 minutes.Did only Japanese animation fans write reviews?I was looking forward to it because the review score was high. I'm glad I went alone. If I took someone, I would have been criticized
6,It was worth watching
1,Wow, in the middle of the worst movie ever, the spell tells me to sleep, but it was hard to fall asleep. I endured it and saw the crow shed tears at the end. It tasted like goosebumps and it was a real Japanese movie
1,
1,You're way behind Disney
6,In the end, the unique one-nable vibe of the boy cartoon... The battle scene and the overall drawing are good, so the taste is different
4,Don't expect a movie to be better while watching Neckless. It's for TV
4,I've never seen a blade of death in a movie before. People around me say that the movie version is really fun and touching. So I was looking forward to it and watched it. If I were a fan, it would have been fun, touching, and crying. It's because I'm not a fan, but I cry a lot when Renkoku or him dies. Honestly, the battle scene was so cheesy. When a bad guy dies, he dies complimenting each character. It's been a while since I've had fun watching this movie
6,I watched it with the kids. Not as much as I expected.
5,I just watched it at the movie theater. After binge-watching the animation, honestly, until the middle of the movie, I got a perfect score for the Rengoku scene. It was too far to follow the giant animation. It was a little childish for adults  If there were three people in the theater, including me, a 35-year-old man
1,Well, I don't like childish things.
6,It's "Onni Nar Kyoju"! Everyone said they enjoyed it a lot, but if I wasn't to that extent, the battle scenes were just amazing, Rengoku-san was handsome, and it was a little boring, but it didn't mean I didn't cry... When I screamed with Tanji, I cried so much that I came home with tissue in my eyes
1,I'll talk to you again after I see you
5,Oh, there are still a lot of people here. The anti-Japanese boycott seems to be almost over
1,It's disgusting I think it's right that people are getting more and more foolish to accept the works of artists who use the Rising Sun Flag uncritically. For those who are watching this, please pull yourself together and read a book or take a walk I hope you study and work out. Please don't lose your mind because you're into Ilppong! Directing, acting, story, video, and soundtracks are all trash
1,It's a Japanese movie. The end
6,Pretending to be a movie version...It's not different from just putting two TV versions together. CG is just...The action scene was very fancy and good
1,
6,The video was good, but it wasn't my style
6,At first, I woke up in the middle of my sleep and I was screaming because it was Obazil, but at the end, it was cringy when I was cringe-worthy. The quality of the extension of the TV... It is not enough to be a theater version in terms of painting completeness and scale.
2,I fell asleep because of the goblin's spell ㅠㅠ. If you haven't watched the cartoon series, you can't get into it. It was like a video game. What a waste of money
1,People in countries that don't know the meaning of war crimes will be ruled again. It's so sad.
1,Ilbe, you're so excited lol
1,If you don't like Japanese martial arts animation, don't watch it. Why do you think I'm embarrassed?
2,It's so cheesy... Mischievous hate of explanatory villains
6,Magic Thousand Characters + The Haunted House
2,Are you saying that you miss the days when you sexual slavery a girl of elementary school age and use a living person as an experiment and want to do it again?
6,I enjoyed watching an animation with ear knives, so I went to see a movie, but I didn't get much inspiration.
1,I'm so curious that I'll see you in a few months, but the trailer doesn't look so interesting, but I'm surprised that this was more popular than Hayao Miyazaki's. However, in the comments, Ilpbongs deliberately terrorize because they give unbalanced part-time ratings. It's verse 3.1.
1,I'm meeting native Japanese pirates.Are you kidding me with all the speeches you made on March 1st?
1,Oh, is your leg not broken enough? I'm doing well on the first place in the box office on March 1st It's still a long way to go
1,Only typical Japanese sensibilities, typical Japanese men's disillusionment remain. It's just dirty and boring.
1,It's my first time giving a point. I came out in the middle.
6,It's a well-mated cartoon.The story is strong.My daughter cried a little...Enjoy watching it.^^
1,First place on March 1st...Is this real?Thank you for erasing the diary.
1,Don't hit it on March 1st, disgusting traitors, shame on you
1,Shame on you, traitors
2,Don't be fooled by the ratings. It's all part time.The worst animation of my life... ㅠㅠ 7 hours of movie...
6,
2,I was disappointed when I saw the score ㅜㅜ My husband is sleeping next to me   Retain
6,The kid likes it There was jam
2,I don't understand why you saw it.If you like cartoons, please watch the previous one first
6,I enjoyed it with the kids
1,ㄴ ^^ ^^ ^^ ^^
2,I thought I was going to die. An adult man next to me was crying
2,Cartoons are just cartoons. My emotions are out
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,A movie that would have been twice as good if you reduced the running time by 10 minutes
2,I'm so sleepy at first. I'm sleepy
2,Elementary cartoon to the earth.Japanese kids' brains stopped in the '80s
1,Why is this fun?I'm not crazy.I was fooled by the score...Japanese animations are like beggars
6,It wasn't to the point of crying. It was just normal
4,It's Maniac Annie. Kids in elementary and middle school are disgusted and enjoy watching it. My review of the generation who enjoyed watching Dragon Ball was boring.T
6,The painting was cool, but the way the story unfolded was not meticulous and it was obvious that it was touching. I think the script was written by the original author, but he's really bad at making lines and arranging them. Bow to the Yuputables
1,This is in the 9-point range?  Are there only elementary school students who were tricked on the weekend and wasted time - 5 points is a waste
1,Why is this movie number one in the office?
1,The movie is so terrible...
1,There's only one spectacular painting.
6,Actually, I didn't look forward to it. I only know the first episode of "Devil's Blade". If you don't look at it, you should just listen to it, and the visual beauty and lessons are good. I think it's that good for the general public
2,Hey, traitors! Why are you looking at this?
6,Is it because I was expecting too much?The story didn't seem smooth. There were things that people who didn't watch the animation wouldn't understand and I think it was unfriendly. But the action scene was great, so the snow was fun. It used to be a normal movie.
6,It's a story that's too focused on the new drama, so the emotion index was not that high. By my standards, Soul had a lot of sympathy, so I felt moved. Apart from that, I think the battle scene and the video beauty were lost
3,The part-time job in the comments is amazing. If you're under 10 years old, you can't see it because you don't have enough horsepower. People who see it for the first time don't understand what it means, and the story line is so weak and there's no content. Everyone here has to get over 9 points if you're not a part-timer.
2,I got bored and came out in the middle
6,A new wave is coming out. However, it is very different from the Korean juicer Shinpa.
6,I didn't watch any of the previous episodes, but it's not that fun to watch from the standpoint of nothing. I don't know if the video is very good, and the OST is personally the best
6,Cringe-worthy production Only Japanese animation enthusiasts will cheer for it. No answer. Anime
2,Ah... so ethically uncomfortable.
1,They said they beat Sen and Chihiro. What the
6,I don't know why this is fun...Isn't it the legendary hometown version of Naruto?
2,Do I have to pay to watch this?  You're not going to make it right?
6,It's so hectic and it's just that
4,You've given me a Japanese otaku joke from the start, and I'm crying out of the blue, but if I thought I was going to die of sleepiness, I was hypnotized when the main character was hypnotized and the named mob impact was too weak, that's it? That's it? That's it? I watched it like this, but fortunately, it wasn't the end. But at that moment, the probability disappeared into Andromeda. But at that time, it became worth watching with my eyes. But after that, I cried again...Everyone, you have to cry here...Like this...This movie is a really long and boring movie for the second half of the half-hour, and I was annoyed all the time because of cliché, no fun gag, contrived production, and I watched it hoping to see it famous, but it came out in the middle because it wasn't for people who didn't like it
5,
6,I don't know what's going on. I don't know what's going on
1,I came out with 40 minutes left because I didn't know what the story was about. I can't watch it because I'm annoyed. Why are there so many lines that I don't know and don't understand when they come out and catch them? Why did the line "Delicious, delicious, delicious" come out at first?
1,I came out with 40 minutes left because I didn't know what the story was about. I can't watch it because I'm annoyed. Why are there so many lines that I don't know and don't understand when they come out and catch them? Why did the line "Delicious, delicious, delicious" come out at first?
4,Unfortunately, it ended. That's too bad. That's too bad.0
6,It's just fun to talk about it. It's fun
5,Sigh... So boring
1,Chewing saggers are so gross and disgusting
4,I'm a little disappointed if I expected too much from the movie versionIt's better if it's just on TV
1,My friend begged me to go, but it was so cringe-worthy. I want to sleep, but I can't sleep because it's so distracting.Lol it wasn't good
4,Episode 19 is more interesting than the movie version.
1,본Don't sell this movie, traitors
2,The action is just the skill. There's no story to watch. I have a brain fracture from time to time to time. Skill description incorrect. There's a nippon-style tear scene. I'm thinking: 20 million movies like this? Are you kidding me?
1,There is no laughter, no tears, no lessons Nothing new The movie makes me realize that Japanese culture is in decline
1,There is no laughter, no tears, no lessons Nothing new The movie makes me realize that Japanese culture is in decline
2,It's like an otaku
1,EgoGo fans will like it
2,Just watch it when you have free time and you don't have anything to do
2,
1,I'm out of here. I'm serious. Nippon Annie is a mess
4,It was great to see such things on TVA that I watched at home, so I regret it when I pay for it in the theater. And there aren't many combat scenes, and all the time, there's only a monologue of homo, a useless whining story, and then it ends with a flash at the end.
1,It's such a mess Please hurry up and put it down Please. It's a waste of money to watch it. I'd rather eat a chicken
2,The reputation of Daum is extreme. How can it be so different? Did you work on the virus?
1,Why are you watching right wing animations?It's obviously the Rising Sun Flag
4,We're just squeezing.It's not that
1,Regardless of the feelings between Korea and Japan, this movie is trash. Nothing more than a militaristic Japanese cartoon in the mid-19th century. The critics are really crazy
1,I can only see the limits of Japanese animation
6,I enjoyed watching a good movie
6,I can't give you a high score because I think the beheading scene is too cruel for Annie.Is it possible for humans who have Rising Sun Flag on their earrings?That is the chrysanthemum pattern, one of the favorite flowers of the Japanese people.At this rate, a person who looks at the sun and points at pro-Japanese group will come out.This is why foreigners despise the anti-Japanese movement of Jo Shansing.
4,The story isn't bad.It's a vampire story. Isn't it so popular?However, the expectation was too high because there was even a social phenomenon in Japan.A crude screen mixed with 3D is also a deduction factor.For the Japanese, this "comic movie" must be a big impression.Jun Kunimura of Gokseong said this"I'm jealous that Korean audiences have high standards."
1,You're killing Rengoku.
3,It was disappointing, but it was fun. It was fun
1,OOO is attracting dogs with no fun
1,Are you serious?
1,There was no emotion and nothing to see.
1,I want to rip my ears off with Tanji
1,War criminal earrings. Are you out of your mind? Pathetic otaku
6,It was marked by exaggerated actions and reactions, but it pushed forward with a boy cartoonish tenacity.
2,No, I can't be the only one who can fool you
2,Is this the world of otaku ^^..
2,It's so childish and draggy! I think it would have been better to explain the story for the first time
6,The last battle scene of video beauty, I admit that I was moved.If you read the comic book with me, it's boring because it's the same as the comic book. I think shouting Inosuke and Chenz is too much trouble. I'm bored until the middle. ㅠㅠ I'm touched. I almost died because there's no one in the theater these days. 감동
1,To be honest, it's a fake score! Ilbe is working hard to create coordinates to promote the excellence of the Japanese
1,I hate it. I hate it. I don't want to see it.
4,The TV version couldn't be immersed and the movie couldn't be immersed.
1,It's like the TV version was shown in a theater.The production, the painting, everything felt substandard. It would have been pretty good if you watched it on TV or monitor screen, but it was not enough to get caught in the theater. Even from the beginning to the end, it's full of new waves, and I'm sick and tired of it at the end.I didn't have a point to recommend, but I forced myself to choose it, so I chose it as a story.
1,Why is this 9.6? I can't believe this. I saw it at the movie theater and it's a waste of money. It's not fun, it's not good at video, it's not touching. I was fooled by the rating. I don't recommend it!
2,Where's the boycott? Looking at the gender, most of them are men.^^
2,You don't have to watch it in theaters because the movie version is almost the same as the TV version
6,The action was good, but there were so many explanations that I was immersed in it.
6,Gwangmyeong Lotsi] I was curious about his unexpectedly good defense during COVID-19, but I was not impressed. The audience target seemed to be lower-aged than expected. The story was also that of a typical Japanese boy cartoon that I watched when I was young. It was 2D, which seemed too easy to draw with a self-growth pattern that emphasized fighting spirit and cooperation. Nadeh screamed and bothered the boar character, and the character who seemed to be the main character didn't play much role, so something was missing. Still, if children who are new to the cliché of Japanese boy comics are watching it, it seems to be fun enough. I also think that I might be quite excited if I watched it as a child.
2,
1,Forced touching Chewy movie The first part of the movie, the characters that were not on Annie and only a few episodes, were trying to impress her at the end, pushing her parents for 30 minutes, shedding tears I don't know where to move, just for the money, that's it
1,I'm not looking at the shaggy ones. Get lost
5,I fell asleep in the middle because I didn't watch Annie. And it's not that fun. It's just a little worth watching the battle scene
1,My friend asked me to watch it, so I watched it.Without knowing anything, the production company that pops up after the commercial, U-Portable.It has been many years since I stayed away from cartoons, but I expected a lot as I thought of the colorful actions that come out of their works.But the story that begins, as if to laugh at my imagination, was disastrous.The storyline was not expected because it was Japanese.For me, I just wanted a repetitive, everyday, slightly provocative action, but the view was crude and the movements were as hard and dull as the fantasy novels of the 0010s.Rather, as if trying to hide such a stain, the effect was spectacular, so I was not sure whether this work was just a flowing mass-produced cartoon or a new attempt at action.He stood up in the middle and was worried about going to smoke, but when he saw his friend who was concentrating on the screen, he had no choice but to spend a dirty time hugging his jacket.Sitting at eleven o'clock, at twelve fifty, I was not free until the black curtain came down.My precious two hours.If anyone around me asked me what this movie was like, I would say, "Don't watch it."If you're going to watch it, you'd better watch the second episode of Fate Heaven's Phil.I can't talk about 1 and 3 because I haven't seen them, but the 2nd episode was satisfactory enough to match the name of Yuputable.The choice is up to individuals, but I hope my story will help many people in the overflowing reviews.
2,Boycott Zeppen is Korean.It was a year ago, but nothing has changed yet and they are also Koreans. I can't believe 800,000 people watched Annie. As expected, pot grit!
6,
1,When you look at low-quality people who are crazy about low-quality animations, you can feel the meaning of diversity well You tried to push this girl to the academy? It is surprising and bitter that there are so many monkeys in our country during the constant regression of Japanese monkeys
1,The best Gatpotable production is comparable to before the bubble (especially, the 9th type purgatory production is fantastic)." Small forces resist huge evil."+Try + Friendship + Victory Cliché..." It's a combination that can't be sold. However, the strong scent of imperialism that has continued since the time of Atom... It's not because Japan is weak, it's because you're sneaky, it's because we lost, it's a spiritual victory that we never lost. It is estimated that the person who shed tears after watching the Infinite train had something sad before watching the movie. It's fun when you binge watch the original
1,Really. I forced myself to watch it because of my friend
5,I feel sleepy in the beginning because of the story or the part that I forced into, but I think Ha Hyun died in vain. If it was like a movie that was all-in-one in the last Sanghyun fight, it seems okay to watch it from 30 minutes. I think I watched it for no reason
2,I cry, salty, scream, fight, and explain. I'm tired from watching.
4,There seems to be no reason for the rating to be so high. I was just like that.
2,If you don't like animation, just don't watch it Don't be fooled by the review, Annie is just Annie.
2,I watched it because the rating was high, and it was a waste of money ㅜㅜ
2,I watched it because the rating was high, and it was a waste of money ㅜㅜ
1,If you have time to look at this, look at the giant of the advance
6,It's a movie for kids! What a waste of money!
1,Is this place closed for a month while showing the movie for two months?
2,I didn't... I slept after watching it-- I think it's nice to see them
6,If you don't know the original, don't watch it
2,I enjoyed watching it, but I don't think it's a movie that can get this rating. It's just for killing time and I don't understand that it's over Sen and Chihiro in Japan.
1,Fans are excited. Look at their ratings
4,I couldn't understand it, so I laughed a little bit, and the battle scene at the end was worth watching. I guess it doesn't suit me. Why is the rating so high? You don't have to watch it.
1,I don't know why this is fun...I regretted watching it with my wife, but the story was a bit boring and loud
6,The battle scene was spectacular, so the background music was good, but I don't know if it was fun
1,Garbage, a masterpiece that shows the spectacular fall of Japanese movies in the past.I'm jealous of people who cry when they see the characters constantly trying to make it two hours in the last. I want to see the thin filmography of people who say this is their life work.
1,I couldn't concentrate because of the explanation
1,Is it really fun? I was bored for the first half hour, so I dozed off and came out.
1,Amazing. 600,000 people are watching this crap Annie
1,It's not fun. It's not fun. What do you mean it'
2,I've never seen this kind of Annie before. Maybe it's because I don't watch a lot of Japanese cartoons... It's a bad movie. The story is far-fetched... There's nothing like a movie
6,NAVER series bought all the earrings
6,After watching this, the Naver series will pay for all the earrings. It's so much fun
2,
6,I only saw the rating, but if you don't like animation, you'll regret it.ㅜㅜ
6,
6,Subplot rather than main plot, action scenes that sharpen the day of the story.
2,I watched "Senwa Chihiro's Missing" after 20 years, and I was fooled by Naver's rating. I watched it in Japan. I don't know if it's a kid movie because I don't have to watch it. I recommended it with my friend, but my friend wanted to go out.I can't go out because of a friend.You really need to work part-time.Unlike Japan, the worst movie I've ever seen in theaters.It's a movie that's worse than the guitar anime on TV
1,Kim Jungwoo, Lee Hyunwoo, Kim Jungwoo
6,Since it's an animation, the video is flashy, so it's definitely focused
1,... zzzz ...
6,Much different from Ghibli. Recommended for under 20s
6,It was fun. The last battle scene was great. It was a bit sadT
1,Watching this movie, bloodshed me to sleep.
6,I almost cried... Rengoku...
1,2021 Street Fighter + Japanese Explanatory New Wave. This work is truly a new Japanese box office record??? The fall of the animation industry following the Japanese film industry. Boring comfort.
2,Now that I'm 4 years old... I can feel the childishness of the animation... Touching? I don't understand why I am crying...
4,Too much emotion. Cheesy. The voice sound is too loud. I don't want to hear the post-battle chatter, the first, the second, the third. The visual is good.
1,I was fooled by NAVER ratings
6,I can't relate to why Rengoku cries even if he's not sleepy. Japanese comics are not fun and 2 hours are too long
4,I thought it was a typical Japanese animation called Yong Ah Mac, but I only thought of something else.
1,Are you serious about this? I slept in the middle. Too childish
1,This kind of thing is it? Why is NAVER the only one saying it's fun?
1,Childish Pppongjjak
2,I'm not impressed
6,I watched it with my family during the holidays My son enjoyed watching it
6,The painting was good. I don't like the story
1,It's like Power Rangers and Bleach. It's not fun at all. It's a childish cartoon
4,I had high expectations because the painting was always good, but the development was too slow and I only remember the last fight scene rather than the infinite train in the title. Even if you don't watch the movie, you can fully understand the story that will follow after the movie by looking at comments, blogs, or cafes with spoilers. The growth of characters? I don't think so. The main character, who can't do anything in the fight scene, just cries and shouts, and tries to continue by giving clues to the breathing of a new fire as bait. To sum up, the visual beauty is excellent. The story also showed the character of each character well, so it was okay to be bored if you think that it enhances the understanding of the work that will come out later. But the directing...I don't know. Honestly, it's okay to just watch spoilers, so if you don't have time and are scared of COVID-19, I recommend you to watch spoilers only.
1,I'm so disappointed. It can't be this boring
6,Tanji's ridiculous. A common man stabbed her with an awl, and she's about to die
2,It's because it's a free pass, but I wouldn't have seen it if I paid for it.
6,About 30 minutes is very boring. Later, action and touching was good
3,Cartoons of children who cry, scream, and appeal to emotions. I'm a fool who was looking forward to it for a second.
1,Just in case, I trusted the rating, but it's worse than the SinB part.Who gave you 10 points?My second-year-old son yawned while I was watching, and my wife left in the middle.
6,
4,It's a really boring movie. A tear-jerking ending
6,It was fun.There are people who either like it or dislike it
2,I don't mean it's not funny, but it's too much. There's a lot of action and it's great, but I'm sleepy... To lower the score too high, 2 points...
2,Shinpa is awesome. I almost ran out because I was annoyed watching the main character. In Japan, even animation seems to be regressing.
4,Screaming and crying, and then it's over...Is it the Japanese animation limit?
6,I personally didn't like it.
1,The fact that there are no stories made in Japan still occupies the screen during Korean holidays
1,It's going to smell like a movie theater sweat
4,Who needs to see... I realize there's someone else to be funny about. I heard the sound of tears in the theater, but...
2,I watched it because the ratings and reviews were the bestWas it written by an elementary or middle school student?ㅜㅜ What a waste of money
1,People who say that Japanese right-wing cartoons are the first in the domestic market, and they are sitting there praising and crying because they are touched.Even in Japan, their treasure-like animations... Moreover, they are saying that they have deleted the Rising Sun Flag and exported it, but they welcome it with their hands without any concept... Shame on you!
1,In the original, the people sucking Annie with the war criminal flag hanging from ear to ear...
2,I can't believe I'm watching this kind of violence with an elementary school student.ㅉㅉ
1,
2,I don't recommend it if you don't know and want to watch it.
2,It's the worst movie ever I don't recommend it
6,It's as loose as an hour and an hour, two hours.Too bad it's a boy cartoon and he's 15 years old
5,Even though it is a cartoon with that pattern on its ear decoration, Koreans quickly forget and wash it
1,It's all perfect.Is it a communist country?I'm a childish Shinpa, but I'm not even an elementary student, but a tearful tsunami. Voice phishing, no comment phishing
1,Bloody blood makes me fall asleep right awayIt's an animation that's perfect for elementary school students. I slept really well
1,
2,I don't know if I have to see this at this point.
1,It's not an earring problem, it's a cruel fairy tale with far-right ideas;
4,I thought I was watching with God. Half of the running time is just a scene where you drag on. Even that's too forced. I keep forcing you to cry, but tears don't flow. The development is so obvious that the tension drops and the constant flashback scene is boring. The action and the painting are very good.Those who say that it's a movie of life out of all stars are 100% likely to think that it's a masterpiece of forced Shinpa such as Haeundae, the Gift of Cell No. 7 and God.
1,I don't think it's going to be fun even if I don't watch it
1,It's not the worst of Imany.
4,After watching the first anniversary of "The Devil's Blade," I fell in love with the next movie, but the rating of 9.6 cars was really... Personally, the unique emotional arm of Japan went back to the past, came back to the present after family history, and went back to the past again. It came out often in the first generation of the pattern, but it was very boring to see it like this in the theater version. In the second half, it'
2,ㄴIt was not fun, but I guess it's because I don't have emotions
6,It's the limit of the theater version, but it's a little hard to watch without any prior knowledge. It was also hard to hear the characters shouting so loudly.
2,Just don't look at sleep. It was all part-time job. I was fooled again
1,It was uncomfortable watching it...
2,It doesn't matter who you are A movie that makes me regret seeing myself paying for this. The worst movie I've ever seen in my life!
1,Wow, it smells like a billion won just by looking at the reviews. It's interesting
2,I don't understand why you gave me 10 pointsㅠㅠFeels like I saw an old comic book~~ It's so compared to Soul's living 3D animation.I was bored when it would end the whole time~~
4,For those who haven't watched the movie, they don't understand and bond with each other. But they're boring to be sentimental from the beginning. The villain is not attractive. The second villain is the focus. It's nothing more than an entertainment movie, but I'd rather watch Netflix than watch this
6,I recommend "It' I recommend it!
2,Wow... I can't keep up with the Japanese sentiment. I thought I was going to die of boredom. It would have been perfect if it came out as a TV special. This... Ha... I just watched the animation, but... It's really shocking. Don't watch it at the theater! I watched U+ membership for free.
1,While cooking ramen... Um! I spilled all the soup and dropped it into the sink, so I opened a new one  Hmm! Come on!You should be thankful that you eat comfortably, but look at this. Food is flying away more than once. Um! Uh! But you can't be frustrated just because you lost it once  Before the food turns cool, you have to eat it right before the tic cool turns to eat itBecause I'm like, "Hey!" Oh! Oh! Ah! Um! There will be moments of despair and frustration in your life You have to do something right away, even this despair! Despair comes right away when you're down You have to do something right away Ah! Whenever I eat, should I say it's a timing game with myself? You can't go to the movie theater. You can't go to the movie theater Hmm! Ah! I want to watch a movie too, so CGIBI app! Oh! I always check if there are any empty theaters, but fun movies don't have this even if it's the end of the story, so there's no movie. Hmm! The cell phone screen is broken all the time. Mm! Rock! Ah! Slurp! But this is a legitimate unemployed thing. Oh! Ah! Legal unemployed... I think there are people who are jealous of this I don't even get a job these days! Ah! Since it's hard to live... Um! Uh! But I think... Oh! Isn't it better to just live a healthy social life? Oh! I'll make money if I can I think it's better to live a life. I've earned it from Tic Last month, so on November 5th, Tourette's syndrome, so-called complex tic disorder, uh! Now we have a Supreme Court ruling that is recognized as a disability Ah! The Ministry of Health and Welfare is also asking if the system will be improved Well, they'll think about it  If you're not like me,For those who are not feeling well, fighting! I hope you gain courage through my channel It's all... Ah! So it's fun to spend time like this These days, I'm into the blade of a ghostly sword. Um! Oh! Oh! On Jen's... Oh! I fell in love with you. Mm! Oh! Lightning's breathing! Work type, work force, work force!
6,I watched almost all of the 1st annihilating blade, but it was just like that. Why is it so popular?
1,It's a bunch of Shinpa, but it's kind of uncomfortable to clench your teeth and press the other side
2,To be honest, I don't like the story either.The story was cliche and I thought it would be fun to see the ratings, but I just dozed off... Did you really enjoy it? For those who didn't see the blade of extinction, it's hard to understand ㅠㅠ I went there without prior information, but it was not fun and it was hard because of its unique cringe...
5,I expected a good rating, but it was a movie that was burdensome because of the strong characteristics of Japanese animation
1,It's not fun at the end. If you wait for it to end, one of us will drag on and increase the time. The action mask is the best. You're the villain. The part you put in is not funny. When you cry. The action is good
2,It's a low-grade color that's perfect for low-quality Josensors
4,If you don't know what it's about, it's like a forced new drama. The action scene is worth watching
5,I thought it would be fun, but I gave up watching it even though I knew it came outIn Japan, there are comments mocking me for watching this, and there are people who go to the March 1st Independence Movement. It's very bitter
6,The storyline is a bit boring compared to the TV series
1,I went to watch it with a 9-year-old child, and he slept and watched Soul, but I only thought it was a Japanese animation. Personally, it was a waste of money to watch it
2,I don't know why you're watching.
1,I saw it today, but it's a waste to give one star.Is this your part time job?I've never seen anything so dull in my life.Don't look at it in the first place. What a waste of time.
2,Rengoku Why did you die? Even Sanghyun Oni would die with you. I hope to be in the movie version of Rengoku Dam. It was a dream a writer's story
1,That's not funny.
1,It's not fun...
4,The author pays back and bows to the Youtube for life.
6,I think fans who like this movie will enjoy watching the movie, the movie, the battle scene, and the background music
1,Too many baduks. Too high
1,It's so childish and boring. What a waste of money
4,It was fun. I think it would be a good movie for children
1,Childish Annie for the first-timers.
1,I am a Korean. Do you need any further explanation?
1,The train is 999? As expected, the setting cleverly covers Japanese cruelty with a cute main character. TITLE Even the style of the painting is as tacky as the blade of the devil. It's time to stop waking up and winning your mind with animation.
1,I wonder if it's just like middle and high school students
1,
1,Annie knitted with familiar stories. forced emotion a tedious development Japanese animation's painting style that no longer develops. Time is a waste in a word.
5,I didn't expect it, but the action was amazing. I guess I didn't get bored because of the action scene.
4,It's just martial arts that you don't have to watch. Why did I see this? I think it's a rating manipulation
1,The drawing and directing are great.
6,A drama-style movie... It's not a video, but it's a bit boring to explain with lines
6,The story is the same as the main one, and the composition and direction of the battle scene clearly showed a lot of effort. The voice actors acted really well. It's worth watching for once. Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it a lot, but it was so so.
1,This is 9.6? 7.6 is good. I give you 1 point because the rating is too high.
1,What do you think when you see that the main character, Wookilgi earrings, are changed only in Korea and that the net rightists like them?
1,Do you really want me to sell Japanese animation in this sensitive time?
6,the most Japanese storyI think there's a reason why the patterns on the earrings are the Rising Sun Flag
1,Japanese animation without prejudice and no jam seems to be going out of fashionedHe's become like him. I loved him
2,Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.Who pays to watch that at the theater?
1,You've hit me so hard. Japanese best guy who voluntarily works part-time and cleans up after watching this
6,
6,After watching the TV version, the comic, and the movie version went viral, so I watched it, but it's just that.I know that Yeolju is a great character, and I know that she has a great skill.I don't know where to feel touched.
1,Did you work all the part-time jobs? How much do you pay to work?
1,Ha... I was fooled by the comments and I paid a lot of money to watch it. Damn...The story is not good, and the main character is annoying.There wasn't a lot of action scenes at the end, and it was it?Don't be fooled by the comments part-timer.How dare you think this is comparable to Sengwachihiro?Loss of meaning; just a movie that elementary school students watch for fun.
1,Whoops
6,I understand a little bit since I didn't read the cartoon ㅠㅠ
5,I yawned for an hour, and I was annoyed by the new wave for half an hour. Ten minutes of the last fight is worth watching. Why is this number one in Japan?
5,The characters fight using breathing, but the breathing of the movie was still too bad.a tense development an unnecessarily long sectThe screen is so cool, but the development is slow.
2,Action movies are the best. However, if you haven't seen the blade of extinction, or if you don't find it interesting, the boring and touching parts are very childish and unique to Japanese cartoons This kind of overaction interferes with the action scene
2,It's really not fun   I'm so sleepy. I don't know why it's so popular. It's the worst
1,It's just a Japanese animation
4,I like animations and watched all of them with ear knives and animations, but I wanted to go out in the movie. If it was a series of laughter, it would've been so cheesy. How can I say? I recommend not seeing adults
6,If you're the last goblin to survive, you have to fight with some impact. It's not this or that. It's just a blood transfusion If you kill yourself in your dream, you wake up right away and if you can't meet your eyes, you won't be hypnotized and you told me to rub it with Sanghyun's monster?The battle scene of Rengoku was cool, but personally, I think the animation battle scene where Ha Hyun and Tanjiro fight was more scary. 9 points is too puffy
6,I was looking forward to it because it was just a curiosity, but it is not the quality that exceeds the animation level of the Japanese theater version, but it is just the Japanese theater version.The story is about an obvious setting that's not left out of Japanese animation. I said I'll protect it, but I'll fight until I'm out of breath, die, and the rest of us cry or something?  That's touching, it's boring to say, because I've seen it a lot
1,Someone said, "If you don't watch this, you'll regret half of your life." I regret half of my life after watching it. It's really not fun.
1,I strongly recommend it for insomnia patients. I don't know how many times the lines come out in the scene...It's a live-action bore. Only the household members can go see. That was me Ugh.
6,I liked the action scene, but I was annoyed by the crying with Tanji, and the BGM of the fight scene was not good. I would have been much more moved if I played the instrumental version of Lisa when I fought with Akaza vs. Pillar, but the sound director ruined everything
6,I watched it because my kid liked it
6,Too much juice. I think it's a bit disappointing
1,I think you will like Japanese otaku.Ghibli is much better
1,ㄸㅇㄹ * *ㅅ v* v
4,Shinpa's blade? If there's a Korean sword, there's an ear blade in Japan
1,It feels like I've been nagging for 2 hours
1,It might be hard if you're not a fan of cheesy Japanese animations
6,The story was good, but the second half was cringe-worthy
4,I'm scared of blood. You made me fall asleep. The material is fresh, but it's just a typical Japanese animation.Everyone says it's so much fun, but I'm the only one who doesn't. Aham, since you slept well, let's go get some souvenirs
5,My friend, Moo Hyun, who plays Luri Web, really likes it
4,I'll make a statement. Just read it in a comic book. The action scene will be uploaded on YouTube, so please watch it.
1,The extreme of childishness... All the characters are too much talkers. Let's not look at this.
1,I don't know why it's 9.66, but if you don't watch Annie, don't watch it. It's not like you're wasting an hour and 40 minutes to watch the last battle scene in a two-hour movie. It's like a movie with a brain. It's not a flow, but a few lines. If you know this animation and enjoy watching it, or if you don't like it mixed with Japanese 2D, or if you don't like it, it's better not to watch it. If it wasn't a coupon for blood donation, it's a movie. - It's not a movie. It's a review. It's just boring I didn't spend it for this purpose. I spent 10,000 won to make it meaningful, so let's just watch Soul
2,Do you want to go to the theater to see Japanese cartoons in this situation?
1,Personally, it's so boring.
6,The directing film was also incomparably high-quality, but for some reason, it seems that there was a point where the cartoon was more emotional. In the cartoon, there was a sadness point where the main characters had to keep their emotions under control because they had to keep going without time to be eroded even in sad scenes, and in the movie, they stopped when they wanted to cry and cried to their heart's content. So it's a shame that it feels like a new drama. This part seems to have a characteristic difference between a simple novel and a movie. Since the movie doesn't have a lot of space and the voice actor's acting is included? Still, the crow's tears seem a bit too much. The action was really fancy, so there were many things to watch as 2D Avengers. However, even though the Avengers have been hugely commercially successful, the reason why a similar genre of Dark Knight remains more in people's hearts is because there is something other than glamour.
2,Hey, you guys!  I was fooled by NAVER's rating!Give me back my money!
1,Is there no zero point?
6,It's just a Japanese animationI watched it because my son wanted to see it
6,Only the last 20 minutes of battle is fun...The rest of the yawns keep coming out and tears come out
2,My girlfriend said it would be fun, so I'm watching it, but I don't know what it's about because I haven't read comic books.Is it just me?
4,I slept... I'm not good at a loss for games.
1,The moment the train blood fell asleep, I fell into a sweet sleep... and if you have insomnia, you can cure it
2,It's a waste of 1 point. The visual beauty, movement, and story are all cliche
1,If it were a fight in the latter half of the original, I would have been mad
2,..no fun if you don't know the context. Boredom, like Annie
4,It's just vampire water. What are those who regret their lives if they don't watch this? Look at the dress instead. It's a set-up jjamppong that I've seen before.
