원더
10,Every scene was touching and lovely
10,Top
8,Each had his own story. We just need to look at them rather than give them a dim look.
10,
10,He's so good at acting like a baby! It's so fun and I can relate to itHaha
8,
10,I didn't expect much. It's so touching
10,It's very touching. I'm touched even when I look at it again
10,
10,Let us not forget that life deserves applause.
10,If you cried throughout the movie, it's so touching
10,If you have to choose between transfer and kindness, I will choose kindnessIt was a movie that made me look back on myself
10,I think I watched the movie at least 5 times. It's a scene I've seen, but I think it's my life movie that makes me cry again, and gives me a really excellent sense of immersion.
10,
9,Just as my life is precious, your life is a miracle
9,It's a big misunderstanding if you think of it as a movie that children watch because it's for everyone. It's a movie that adults want to see at least once. The movie itself is very fun as well as touching.
10,
10,A work to reflect on one's prejudices
10,ㅠㅠ I'm moved to tears
10,Eogi! A beautiful story about Eogi growing up after meeting a true friend. Not only that, but it was also good to show from the perspective of various characters such as sister Via's story, Jack's story, and Miranda'If you have to choose between right and kind, you have to choose kindness.
10,
10,My favorite movie. It resonates with me every time I watch it again
10,It's a very warm and touching movie that makes me cry all the time, and I think it'll be even better if I watch it with my child
10,
7,I like this warm happy ending. Each character has a story, combines, and in some ways, it is obvious, but a unique human story is good.
9,A good environment makes a good person
10,It's a great movie. A movie that I'll remember forever
10,It's been a while since I saw a warm movie I enjoyed it
9,People's eyes make one happy.
10,
10,The story and acting are good. It's touching and fun
10,I kept crying while watching it. ㅠㅠ
9,I don't know if I live like this because I feel comfortable hiding myself without realizing it. It's not easy even if you want to take off your mask. It's not because I'm afraid of prejudices in the world, but because I'm afraid of what others think.
10,I'm touched. ㅠ.ㅠ Wise words that anyone can understand easily. It's really touching the whole time I see it.(G)I-DLE's cute sides make us smileI lost track of time and got to focusIt was a great time
10,It was so touching^^
10,It's the best … ㅜㅜ
10,It was really fun and touching. The only movie that my whole family focused on ^^
10,Jack, you're the best. You're cute. ㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching. It's the best!
10,I highly recommend a very warm movie!
9,It was a really touching movie. I cried and laughed while watching this movie. The actors' performances were also very good. Via was four years old, except for a child actorIt was a good movie.
10,It's touching. I want to see it again
10,It's a lesson story to not just look at the outside of a person like his or her face.Make sure to watch it ^^
10,When I watched this movie, I was not interested in it, but I was so impressed and moved from the middle I hope this kind of movie will be released again
10,There are not many movies with these contents, but I remembered that it was a good movie after watching "Wonder," and the contents of the movie were fresh. The quality of the movie was also very good.
10,It was good to feel a lot of emotions from the perspective of various characters in the movie.
10,It's so touching. They all look mature
10,"There is no ordinary person, we deserve to be applauded once in our lives." All the characters in the play were the main characters.
10,
10,It is a pity movie to give 100 out of 10. I cried a lot while watching it. Thank you so much for making a famous painting. It feels like another ray of sunlight is coming down in this harsh world. For those who haven't seen it, I strongly recommend watching it!
10,I recommend a touching family movie!
4,The ideal is kind, but the reality is cold, a good movie without a twist
9,I watched a movie based on the rating, and then I watched a really touching movie.
10,What is true courage? I can tell from the movie
10,A movie that makes a sad or depressing story witty and warm
10,I need to see her again It was a movie that purifies my heart and eyes
10,Every life that lives every day is a miracle.
5,a movie that changes the eyes of the wrong people
10,It was the best. It was nice to see you!^^
10,I watched it once and became a movie of my life. I was so impressed ㅠㅠ
10,At one time, the movie that gave me the most strength when I had the lowest self-esteem as a human being. The movie that I don't get tired of watching every day is a masterpiece I watched it while squeezing tears and runny nose. Anyway, it's so much fun. Everyone who likes it or dislikes it can watch a movie happily.
10,
10,It's funny. There were many impressive scenes. It's touching. Prejudice, discrimination, and touching. I want to ride a sled.Stop discrimination! Give it to me. I hope it's longer.I was impressed by the scene where the friendship was broken and then reconciled again. <2021 Bumyeong Elementary School 4-2>
10,Wow, this movie is worth 10 points
10,A human story that finds the hero inside us all. Touching story. I love it. It was great. THANKS for all.
10,
10,It's a great movie. I was happy watching it.
10,굿 굿 굿 굿
10,Make sure you watch this!I don't do anything else and I get immersed in it
10,Why did I cry the whole time I watched it? It was a movie that would help me live my life Out of all the movies I've seen this year, it was the best movie I've ever seen
10,It's so precious. It's not a sad story, but I cried a lot. It's so warm...
10,I watched it yesterday and today, but it's fun.I cried yesterday and cried again today.
10,
10,It's a really good movie. It lingers in my mind
10,I realized once again that the happiness I experience requires more light thanks to someone's sacrifice and consideration. It's a really good movie. It contains the color of PCism in part, but it deserves applause.
10,I cried after reading a book, watching a movie, and crying twice My my
10,A movie that I focused on
10,I want to be comforted by anyoneIf you want to understand the people around you, please look for them
9,A heartwarming movie I haven't seen in a long time.
10,The idea of wanting to be the same parent as Eogi's. Bia's loneliness is desperately empathized by tears.I can relate to what Miranda wanted. It's a movie with a warm story that everyone can relate to when they put themselves in that position.
10,The movie is 55 minutes away, but I can't watch it because it's such a waste.ㅠㅠ What kind of movie is this lovely?
6,I was surprised when I went to NAVER ranking. I can't believe this movie is 9.5; I saw it in the theater when it was first released, and the content itself was touching, but it felt like it was forced to move in the back, so I didn't like it. I felt that it was too much even though I was a Korean who was used to Shin
10,It's so touching and the content is so good.It's been a while since I felt good about this movie
10,It's so touching...!
10,
10,It was more impressive because it dealt with not only the feelings of the characters around the fishing village.A movie that tells you that you are not alone when you are having a hard time.
10,A movie that made me reflect on myself and reflect on myself
10,
4,It is cool that the main character goes to school hard and tries hard even though he has a strange wound
10,It's a very moving movie
10,Wow, it was really amazing  Make sure to watch it
8,a formal but faithful production I fall for it and cheer for it.
10,Great content, flawless acting, and boring editing were also good.It's such a good movie.I get emotional several times because I'm so touched.
10,
6,The rating of 9.5 is too high.A movie that's perfect to watch.Not a masterpiece to watch a couple of times.
10,It's been recommended by a hot actor these days, and it's touching. The parents are cool. I can understand you. When our children become good friends and meet good friends,As if the world is beautiful
10,a movie full of great quotes
10,Tears are moving itself.From beginning to end, it's the best?If I have a child later, I really want to have a child like Summer or Jack Will. In addition, I also want to be a true friend who helps and gives courage to those who are suffering from all kinds of discrimination.This movie has definitely become my number one movie. Laughter and touching, a movie full of life's lessons, I became really happy.And it was a moment when I realized that there were other individual complicated situations and feelings through various perspectives of the characters around me as well as the main character. I also thought that I want to be a person who communicates with people around me in an attitude to understand them more. There are a lot of moving parts in every movie story... I want to see you again and again Strongly recommend. A million stars?
10,I recommend you watch it with your child^^
10,If you can't approach me kindly, don't hurt me
10,Every scene is a series of touching moments!
10,Well, I don't know what to say first. It's a similar situation for me, too, and since I entered kindergarten, I've been bullied a lot, so I understood how he felt. At first, it was hard for him to make fun of his friends, but a few of them supported him, so he was able to adapt and receive cheers from everyone. I felt that real appearance was not important again, and I thought it would be nice to have a society that cares a little for those who are struggling. Eventually, Eogi grew up with the help of friends and teachers. While watching this, I decided to be generous to people who are having a hard time with each other and to create a world without discrimination.
7,It's not like this in reality, but it's a movie
8,As you watch it, tears are formed around your eyes and the movie is smiling. warm family, friends, people
10,A movie that makes you realize that it is the power to live, a movie that makes you feel happy that everyone's little discovery
8,
10,It's a heartwarming movie. ㅠㅠ I recommend it
10,It's a really touching movie.
10,It's a good movie without missing everything. There was a reason for the high rating.Don't hesitate to watch it
10,
10,I love the perfect movie, so I watch it once a month
10,
10,It was so much fun. ㅜㅜ
10,I happened to watch it on YouTube and watched it on Netflix at dawn on Chuseok Day because it was a movie that Kim Sun-ho was impressed by.A movie that will touch anyone's heart.Be kind to the person who is fighting hard. I want to know himJust look at me
10,It's sad that I can only give you 10 stars
10,"We can't change your appearance, so we have to change our perspective." The movie was so nice and wise, from young friends to teachers and parents.The soundtrack, visual beauty, and well-organized development are a bonus.
10,Each line is memorable movie. I want to watch it again because I want to remember good lines.
10,만약 당신이 옳은 것과 친절한 것 중 하나를 선택할 수 있다면, 친절하세요.
10,Making good friends is the luck of life.
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,I didn't see it at the movie theater, but it was the best movie. I cried so much watching it. While watching this movie, my thoughts were changing and I was able to get a lot of realization. It was one of the best movies in my life
10,YM Akuring. (Crying)
10,We deserve to be applauded once in a lifetime.
10,You wore a helmet for space travel!
10,Why did I watch this now? It's a sad movie, but I'm so thankful that I know it now
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently. The children's acting was really good, and the way they unfolded to understand the emotional changes of each character was impressive. I applauded Eogi, who realized that he could never replace anyone and eventually overcome it by himself, and watched the end of the movie with tears of emotion. What a great movie that will stay in my heart for a long time!
10,It's a heart-warming movie.
10,In each person's life, he or she is the main character
10,It was a movie that made me look back on myself to become a movie of one's life
10,
10,It was so nice to watch the movie from the perspective of many people. Everyone deserves a round of applause at the end!
10,A touching movie
10,I'm touched. I enjoyed the movie
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's a healing movieㅜㅜ I was watching it on TV and I cried and laughed a lot A real healing movie that I watched without knowing how time went by
9,It's touching! Greatness is not about strength, it's about using strength properly♡
10,I can't help but give you 10 points. It was a touching movie. Such a cool baby family.
10,Such a beautiful and pretty movie
10,After all, it was us who made Eogi grow. Thank you, baby. You're more precious than anyone else
8,It's worth watching with children.
10,It's been a while since I watched a high quality human dramaIt's depressing, but it's fun. It's not just that your face is weird, it's just that you're hurt. It's just that every human being has an inside story.  It is not a movie of Eogi, but a movie that expresses all human problems well. I liked my dad the most. But you don't know anything about your father's problems.ㅜㅜ
10,I watched it with 3rd grade elementary school children, and I think I can have a good perspective when I look at people with physical disabilities~^^
10,After watching the movie, I still remember...It was good to see not only Juyeon but also the people around her
10,
10,Family is the driving force of life
10,I've never cried this much since elementary school. The story and directing warms my heartThank you.
10,
10,
10,I've been writing this for over 30 years, but it's my first time... There are so many things that I feel. Is there any movie like this?crying
10,It's warm... It's cozy... You're kind. You can make up even if you fight
10,A grateful movie that looks back on my life and makes me feel grateful for my present life
10,The movie that cried every 5 minutes...
10,I was touched from the beginning I kept crying and it was happy tears
10,It's really amazing... It's a heart-warming movie ㅠㅠ It's very touching!
10,A movie that teaches a very important lesson. I want students in the country to watch this movie. I know it's useless for kids to learn morality and ethics in school, but I've acted like Julian, and I'm going to have to be penitent from now
10,Everyone deserves a standing ovation at least once in life.The movie can't be so touching and exciting... It is a heart-warming story in which Eo-gi, who was unable to go out of the world, takes a step closer to the world. I especially liked Summer in this movie. I think he's the coolest guy who's ever encouraged Eogi.
10,The best movie of my life. I have a disabled brother like Via, and the story of Via that I didn't even know was on the poster was so touching. The story of Eogi is interesting, but I was more moved because it contained the story from the perspective of each character, such as the story of a friend Jack, the story of Via, the part where her mother works again, or Miranda's story. It's a very grateful movie.
10,I just watched it on Netflix and it's a movie that makes me think a lot. It was so good.
10,It's a movie that makes you look back on your life. Make sure to watch it!
10,You're shedding tears and runny nose, lovely baby
10,While watching the movie, I laughed in my mouth and cried in my eyes
10,I cried so much that I have a headache
10,Even if it's been a long time, repeated lines make your heart cry·So touched
10,This movie is so clever and touching
10,It was so much fun, and I felt like I was going to cry while watching it.
10,A movie that can't be made in Korea
10,
10,It's a piece of work that makes my heart
10,The best... 32 year old movie in my lifeㅠ
10,Countless stars shining in various shapes.
10,Cute, warm and sentimental movie...
10,Life's movie with laughter and emotion
10,It's a movie that I want to watch with many people. It's a movie I want to watch again that gives me a lot of emotion, pain, warmth, and hope!
10,When everyone admits that it's not normal, I think it's okay if we can just look at the intensity and be togetherThank you for making a good movie
10,I cried when Miranda came out ㅜㅜ You're good at acting like a fish and chirping at the last comment
10,Great story immersion…
8,If you have to choose between honesty and kindness, choose kindness. Wisdom to think about once in your life
10,A masterpiece that I want to watch again
10,It's the best movie since the internship.
10,
10,I showed it to you briefly at school, and I watched it at home as if I were attracted to this movie. Personally, it was a movie that was so fun. I was moved by each line of the movie that was the most impressive and fun in my life and cried at every scene.I've never seen such a good movie in 16 years.
10,
10,It's a movie that you can relate to and warm your heart
10,A movie that made me feel many things while raising a child. I hope that I will wake up happily even if I fall down. I hope that my child will remember me as a good adult
10,a moving film that has long left a lingering impression
10,The movie that I watched became one of my life movies that made me think a lot. I watched the movie while crying all the movie broke my heart
10,It's so touching to think that you're so important
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece It's a masterpiece that's pitiful for those who didn't watch it
10,
8,Can I put down the tray first in his front seat where there is no one, can I stand in front of a twice as tall person to protect my friend, or can I applaud my friend who goes up to the stage with all my heart? The rightness of children for adults to learn.
10,
10,
10,It was more than I expected from a movie that I watched for the first time in a while and took time off the weekend, and my life changed after watching this movie.Be kind to all who fight hard!
10,When you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness
10,This story is a very moving movie. I was so angry that a kid named Eogi went to school for the first time and was teased. It was very touching that Eogi made a friend in the last scene.
10,A movie where you can feel all kinds of warmth, maybe what the temperature of warmth is in a cold world
10,It does not just stay at a colorful point of view, but gives everyone a moment of mistakes and everyone shines.
10,Be comfortable and kind to become a Korea that changes your perspective
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie where everyone is the main character!
10,You had great parents
10,There are two impressive lines in this movie.< There are two sides to every story. As I focused on the movie's main character, Eo-gi, I easily judged the characters in the movie without realizing it. However, the stories of each character came out, and I realized and reflected on myself while watching the movie. You shouldn't judge others easily just by the way I look at them.Uh, the world isn't all about you. Eo-gi had low self-esteem because he was hurt a lot by his different appearance. And he's still a child.There is a scene where he decides that the reason why he is not taken to the play is because of his face and gets angry with his family.At this time, Eo-gi's sister tells Eo-gi while crying, saying that the world is not all related to you. I was impressed by this scene.If you have low self-esteem, it's easy to think of yourself as a way to hurt yourself, and it seemed to make you realize that it's hard to look at your perspective widely. It was like reading a moving book.
10,It's really amazing.If you didn't watch it, you wouldn't have seen it. It's a masterpiece that you can't see once.Make sure you watch it.
10,It's a great movie that made you feel hopeful and watch it!
10,The best movie of my life! I keep crying
10,Well-made growth film and family film We all live with a sore spot that everyone wants to hide. Whether it is big or small, it is so important to you that it shakes your life. If you can't change it, you have to change the way you look at it. The warm gaze to the surroundings alone will help you overcome the pain and make each other happier.
10,It's so touching. Well-made
10,It's a healing movie. Totally...Best ㅠㅠ
1,It's fun. I want to watch it again.I want to recommend it to my friend.
10,I watched it on Netflix over the weekend. Julia Roberts came out, so I chose it, and it was the best choice on the weekend ^^
10,It's a good movie.  It's nice to watch with the kids.  Recommend.
10,
10,
10,It's full of deep emotion and lingering emotions.
10,
10,Each and every person in the world has a different story, and the stories are gathered together that this world is touching!
10,There is no tomb without a story, and there is a miraculous story for anyone to storm out of it
10,I'm recommending it to those who enjoyed it and couldn't watch it
10,Among the movies I watched recently, it's a true masterpiece.
10,I showed it at school, but it was so fun and touching. One of my friends cried while watching it 이미I've already seen it, but it's a movie that's worth paying my mom and dad to watch. Thank you so much for making this movie
10,Choose kindness between right and kind
10,It's a movie that you can't miss out on.I really recommend it. It's so cool and impressive to see Eogi walking firmly toward the world
8,I'm not sad, but why am I crying?
10,I cried and laughed. It was so nice
10,It's a really warm movie. It makes me look back on myself.
10,Each has a story. It's a heartwarming and very charming movie!
10,I watched a proper movie after a long time
10,I can't believe I just saw this movie. There's a reason why the ratings are high. It's a clean, pollution-free movie where all the actors' acting is comparable, and people of all ages can be moved and taught lessons. Especially, the child who plays Jack Will has various facial expressions.It's an honor to meet a good work after a long time.
10,the best film without harmfulness
8,The Kindest Movie of the Year!
9,A movie that I want to give a round of applause to Eo-gi who overcame a difficult start, and to friends and teachers who recognized human values.
10,A movie that makes me feel like I should be a better adult
9,I got emotional when I saw B.I and my grandmother.It was a movie that made me feel emotional for the first time in a while.
10,I want to live where they live
10,It was so touching and it was a touching movie!
10,It's such a good movie. It's touching. I watched a good movie for the first time in a while! :)
10,The movie that I was moved by time makes me think a lot.
10,I highly recommend it as a family film festival!
10,It's a good movie that touches your heart no matter how many times you watch it
9,A great work that naturally highlights the theme in the colorful composition of the overall composition by expressing various positions and perspectives of friends and family beyond just showing the solid growth of a disabled child. Forget the hard reviews, it's such a warm and heartwarming lovely movie. I hope many children's students and parents will watch this movie.
10,a warm and touching movie
10,I strongly recommend it I hope parents who have children over elementary school watch it together
10,planets hovering around the sun because they only love the sun, and Via in between
10,A movie that I want young children to watch. I want to grow up to be a kind adult who ignores, doesn't criticize, recognizes and respects others as they are, and treats others kindly and warmly.I think it'll be good for children's personality education The movie also showed that the role of parents is very important. It was the ideal family I dreamed of A really good movie that touches and teaches lessons to both children and parents
10,A movie that gives value to the present life
10,I've seen her twice with hermoving
9,I thought it would be boring, but it wasn't. The unintended tingling of the nose was mysterious
10,I watched it because someone recommended it. It was touching. I think I cried more than three times
10,I was sorry that I didn't feel like I was accepting it until I became an adult. If I had seen Eogi when I was young, I would not have understood it like now, so I felt more hurt and reflected on it. But it was a very happy movie.
10,It's been a while since I watched a warm movie.Writers, directors, actors, thank you!I cried while watching it, but my heart got warm
10,I was told to watch it at school, but it was fun, and I like Star Wars more because I like it, and usually all the movies are from there to there, but it's not too obvious, and it's based on a true story
10,It's the first time I've ever cried like this from beginning to end. It's a touching movie!
10,It was so nice It wasn't just a story, but it was so touching to tell the inside story of the character and it was touching I cried the whole time and I was so happy to see it
10,I happened to see it while I was turning the TV.Why did you watch such a wonderful movie now?최고You're the best
10,Courage to learn from innocence.
10,Be kind. Everyone's working hard
10,
8,the most necessary movie of this age
10,It was touching
10,It was the best movie ever. Why am I shedding tears in the last scene?
10,It's my life movie ㅠㅠ The video is pretty, fun, and the story is perfect!It's so touching.
10,It's really fun.My life movie ㅠㅠ
10,a gentle echo of emotion
10,
10,How many times did I cry? ㅜㅜ It was so touching and I was immersed in the past, so I watched it while watching it
10,I need to change the way I look at others It's a movie that's hard not to be touched
10,I watched it twice and it was so touching, story-tasting and touching. ㅠㅠ FYI, I'm 30 years old
10,
10,I can say it was warm
10,The story was so good, the explanation of each character was good, and there were so many things I could relate to
10,I was so impressed. It was a movie that gave us a very good opportunity to look at the world from a different perspective.
10,I watched a good movie after a long timeThat's cool!
10,A movie that's so impressive
10,The directing from each character's point of view was good, and there were many words that touched me while watching.
10,I was overwhelmed from the beginning, but by the end of the movie, tearful tissue was piled up next to me. It was so good to contain not only the story of the fishing season but also the story of everyone, and the famous line was a huge explosion.                 "Be kind to everyone who fights hard." I hope we can all look at each other with a warmer eye and cheer for each other.
10,A movie that you want to show to your loved ones like a movie like a present.
10,Jack, Via, Miranda, you got good eyes.However, in reality, there are people who are not as intelligent as Eo-gi because they cannot be with a good family like Eo-gi.I don't know if we can be kind to them...crying
10,It was touching and I cried the whole time
10,He looked strange and strange at first, but as I gradually changed my mind, I looked so familiar, and I thought he was so cool with Jack Will's warm heart and the principal's words, "We should change our perspective." I recommend you watch it
10,It's been a while since I saw a heart-warming movie! It's a touching and great movie!
9,It was really touching I think the story is really good. The song is good, and the actors are all so good! It's a movie that you keep watching. I really recommend it.
10,It was a very touching movie and it gave me a lesson
9,Before I watched this movie, I wanted to look back on the poster and do this
10,I don't know how many times I got emotional. A heartwarming movie and ending where you can truly feel what true family love is
10,My favorite movie...crying
10,Will Jack's hair be okay?
10,
10,A movie that I want to show my spouse and children later
10,It's the greatest work of my life. I've been replaying it over and over again.
10,There's no need for words. It's the best.
10,My friends are pure and beautiful.The courage and efforts of teachers who lead the right way are natural, but it is a pity that it has become a world that is hard to find in this land. I think it's a movie that can be made in a culture with true Christianity.
10,The movie touched everyone's heart to sympathize with and cheer for their lives. I haven't seen it since I saw it once. I saw it again today, and it was so comforting, and I kept crying while watching it in an unexpected place. Julia's facial expression was really... It's the best.
10,
10,My sister gave me so much strengthYes, I was surprised because B.I and I were the sameAt the end, I got goosebumps and cried Thank you for the good movie
10,A lot of people... I want the kids to see it.It's too bad there's no dubbed version. I want to show it to my kindergarten kid...I just want to let you hear each line
10,A beautiful movie that you can watch and feel! It's also important to watch out for the actors
8,The courage to approach, the courage to apologize, the courage to forgive, the courage to change me is to take courage in the end
10,It was nice that all the friends, teachers, and Binnie's friends were bright and bright.I laughed and cried at the same time. :)
10,It's my first time crying because I'm so moved and moved after watching a movie...This is a real movie. I can't believe I'm seeing you now.Make sure to watch it. It's a movie that makes you feel so many things.
8,It may be a cliche story with a stereotyped narrative, but it is a movie that makes me think a lot as a father with a son. Everyone should have stories and pain and not judge others' hardships by my standards.
10,The reason why I don't watch Korean movies
10,I hope everyone loves and cares about each other without prejudice
10,A movie that I want to recommend to people around me!
10,It's a good movie Family love
10,100 out of 100
10,
10,
10,There's a reason why the ratings are high. It was a movie that impressed me after a long time
10,I think it's a movie that gives me courage now that I'm having a hard time.
10,It's a movie that doesn't dry up tears for parents.It's so touching. It's a movie where everyone is the main character. I feel once again that what I look at is not everything. It's a movie that broadens your mind.
10,It was a movie where everyone was the main character, not one person. It was a movie that was more delicate and in-depth than I thought.
10,I cried three times while watching it. It is one of the best movies.
9,If someone is having a hard time, I want to recommend a movie. If there's anyone who hasn't watched it, I can confidently recommend a movie to watch. It's a movie that feels like I'm in the arms of someone I like. It's a beautiful world in this movie. I hope the reality is this pretty and beautiful.
10,I watched it for killing time, but it was more fun than I expected. It was also good to show each character in the first person. I was especially sad when I saw Via's story, but it was good that it ended in a happy ending. In a way, it may be a little obvious, but it was a touching and satisfying movie even if you think about it like that.
10,It's deeply moving to the viewer...
10,With a friend like Jack Will, there's nothing to be afraid of
10,I wasn't going to watch it, but my daughter asked me to, so the whole family watched it. It was fun the whole time. We all have a story.
10,There won't be another movie like this in the world. It's really fun, touching, and sad. ㅠㅠ From beginning to end, everything is great, the story is great, and it's fun
10,A movie that makes you feel sad and proud
10,It was such a good movie. It warmed my heart and made me think about my surroundings again. It was a touching and unforgettable movie
10,It's a moving movie. Best Family Movie
10,I recommend that you watch it from beginning to end. It's fun and touching.
10,A good movie! I hope you take your time to watch it
10,I'm glad you're happy
10,It's a movie that we must watch
10,The best movie ever. ㅠㅠ My one-top movie. ㅠㅠ There was nothing boring and it was touching and fun all the time. I cried a lot while watching it because I was emotional.
10,I turned it on to kill time, but tears...My nose is runny.It's a movie that I want to recommend to my child!
8,It was good to show the story of each character in the basic main character story. It was a little disappointing that there was no father's side, but each line in the movie was deeply engraved in my mind.
9,The story is a little ordinary, but I can feel the deep family love and emotion. It was great to see Julia Roberts in a long time, who showed that the outside of human beings is not that important And Miranda in the drama, I wish she was the prettiest one The movie was so small that the overall story was a bit childish, but it was also delicate. I recommend it as a heartwarming movie that everyone in the family would like to watch
10,I'm touched every time I watch it many times
10,Are you touched?
10,Damn it, I had a hard time holding back my tears. I thought it was a children's movie, but it's touching
10,I love the movie! It's not forced, it's warm and touching
9,It was a movie that I could watch while being moved until the end.I want to see you again with the kids
10,I think it's a movie that can be said to be one of my life's movies that can give me fun, touching, and even a lesson!
10,Wow, it's really a tsunami of emotion I strongly recommend it as a family movie!I enjoyed watching it with my son, who was in 4th grade^^ "When you have to choose between moving and kindness, choose kindness." "Be kind to everyone who fights hard."
10,My review is literally 'heart-fluttering'.
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,I think it's a movie that expresses the fact that you can't just think about the outsidecrying
10,Look when you want to be comforted. You've shed all your tears이You should listen to both people's words, too!
10,
10,
10,I cried a lot while watching it It's a heartbreaking story, but it was touching and nice
10,It's a miracle that you can read other people's minds
9,You can realize the simple truth of life by looking back on the minds of parents and growing children.
10,I cried while smiling.They're cool, too
10,
10,Uh, Via, Isabel, Nate, Miranda, Jack Will, Summer, Justin and Tush are all happy. A movie full of warm parts of the world.
9,The movie is good even though it is simple and cliché-like. I think the simple and direct directing was better than the in-depth content. It feels like there's consideration and kindness in the production
10,I think it's my first time leaving a review on NAVER.It was a really good movie.I think it means more to me as an adult now.
7,For some, everyday things will be like space travel.
10,When I was young, I reflected on myself whether I hurt someone just because they were a little different. May all the fish in the world be happier.
10,
10,Not everyone can be kind, but if some people are kind, they can make someone happy and happy.
10,Several lines remain in the heart, causing tears to flow.
10,Thank you for re-release! It was a touching and lovely movie after a long time
10,
10,The best! Everyone acts so well
10,It's a movie where you think that the principal is a really cool person and that even if you're an elementary school student, you can tell the difference between a fake person and a sincere person
10,A warm and moving film. "Choose kindness if it's between right and kindness. Because everyone's working hard..."
10,My favorite movie. It's a great movie to watch again after I grow up. It's a movie where you can understand and feel attached to each character without any annoying corners by telling the stories of each character. It was an opportunity to remember what I had missed and lived while I was watching, and my heart warmed.
10,It's a genre that I didn't normally watch, so I watched it without any expectations. It was funㅜ
10,
10,It was so touching and I loved it from beginning to end. I think it will be my life movie  I feel and learn a lot
10,
10,I watched the movie without thinking, but it was so heartwarming
10,Jack Will was perhaps the purest child. I am so happy that you two became friends. Amanda and Via are also struggling with their own worries and agony, but I thought that the process was our youth. And the principal is good, too
10,
10,I'm watching it again and it's touching and fun
10,My favorite movie that warms my heart as if I've watched it three times
10,A movie that makes you think a lot...
7,"My neighborhood" full of kindness. "Thornton Wilder" is also a kind, decent, and pretty movie that will make you smile and cry. In terms of the overall story, there is a repetitive side of synonyms, but I have no choice but to love all the characters and melt my heart with all the lessons and comfort.
9,"Be kind to all who fight hard."
8,
8,A well-made and witty movie
10,We can see and value our lives more objectively.It made me realize that each person's value is much more than he thinks.
10,The first time I watched it, it was fun and touching, but the second time I watched it, it felt a bit different. It was so clever and touching that I picked it as one of the best movies of my life. The actors' acting and directing were infinite
10,Someone who says, "You're a miracle."
10,It's a heart-warming healing movie
10,The movie, where even the villain was pure, seemed to have become a character that could not be regarded as acting. Even the pet dog is lovely, the gentle wave of emotion seems to give a big aftertaste.
10,
5,Watch Wonder Woman 1984
10,I thought the helmet that the fish received as a gift in the movie was significant. Based on his short insight and highlighted as an important subject in the movie, he wrote it in his imagination when he was in a good mood, and the person who gave it to him was his sister's best friend who treated him without prejudice. There must be something that you use whenever you are sad and didn't even see your family.However, as the film moved into the second half, it turned into a constellation that influenced each other rather than a family relationship like the new good friends and the solar system (although it wasn't arbitrary because my father hid it)I think everyone who's seen the movie, or anyone who's thinking of watching it, knows more than the reasons I've found. I hope that everyone, not just me, can watch the movie and throw off their helmets
10,It was a movie that I wanted to watch, but it was re-released It was a beautiful and touching movie that made me emotional If I didn't see it, I would have regretted it
10,While watching, I found myself raising my wet cheekbones
10,It's been a while since I watched a warm movie that could be touched by anyone.
10,A movie that I want to give to myself who is about to leave as a special teacher
10,A lovely movie!Touching! Even if you watch it again with the reopening, the touching and loveliness that you give is healing
10,Thank you for reopening Megabox.
10,
9,Everyone has their own circumstances that they can't tell others.And we get misunderstood because we're obsessed with superficiality.But... why do we have to suffer?
10,I watched it 2 years ago, but it feels new to see it again :) I love this kind of movie
10,Touching movie ㅠㅠ I enjoyed it
10,Jack, Summer, you guys are angels
10,
10,The movie of your life. You're a miracle.
10,You're so nice! Wonderful
10,
10,It's a good movie to understand each position.It is a good movie for middle and high school students and parents who are over elementary and high school students. Watch it. Make sure you watch it. Watch it with the kids
10,Thankful movie. I cried and laughed
10,A really good movie. Don't hesitate to watch! Best ㅠㅠ
10,I clicked without thinking, but it became a life movie. I feel like I'm somewhere in there. Actually, we're not all normal.
10,A well-made movie that I want to give a perfect score to...
10,This is a good movie!
10,Even if you look a little different from us, the treatment should be equal
10,a beautiful society beautiful people My heart was so warm that tears came out. People's kindness is necessary for a person to stand properly.  A man cannot be strong by himself. If you choose between justice and kindness, choose kindness. It was the secret of a beautiful society. Making such a movie itself is a kindness. The way the director looked at people was warm and kind throughout. I guess that's why I cried. It's a kindness that's hard to get. I want to be part of that society. I want to live there. But I can't speak English.Black hee
10,It was so touching, and I thought I had to change the view of the disabled.
10,The actors' performances were very good, so it was easy to get immersed
10,It was more fun to watch the movie from people's perspective.
8,The story was good and it was very touching.I think it'd be nice to watch it again.
10,It's a really touching movie. I was impressed by the process of teachers, family members, and friends giving courage to Eogi with warm eyes, sharing their pain and healing. I should always think of differences with a kind heart and live a respectful life.
10,I was moved by the acting of the characters in the movie Wonder once, and I was moved by the story development once.
10,It was a movie with a good educational content that changed our perspective ^^ It was fun and not boring Haha
10,Suddenly, I wanted to watch a sad movie. There was this movie among the works that I registered to see what kind of movie there was, and this movie was just attracted. Because I thought I would be happy to see this even if I didn't cry. But I wasn't just happy. BoA's smile was built throughout and he didn't know how many times he cried. It was cool that all the characters were brave enough to get through the situation. And the directing that shows the situation of each character, the music that comes out in the middle, and the lines were all perfect movies. When I think about the positions of each character, I cried because the positions were so empathetic and understood. It was hard to go there, but my sister must have had a hard time, and my father and mother... I envied her. I was very envious of having such people around and of the things that I could not enjoy. But we don't know yet. You may think I'm not around even though there are people like that. Or maybe the time hasn't come yet. All the characters were cool. To brave a difficult situation. I'm going to take courage, too. What a happy and perfect movie. It made me feel like a movie of my life. I think I will feel these feelings even if I see them again later. Or you can feel different emotions when things get better. It's a masterpiece, so I hope you watch it.
10,Instead of giving him a slightly special appearance, God gave him the greatest family. The speciality of Eogi makes Eogi the main character, but the directing of the film makes everyone the main character. The sun is not the only planet that matters. Many stars in the universe that we don't already know have their own history.
10,a film that lingers in one's mindA movie that makes you feel thankful!
10,It was so sad and touching
10,
10,The movie where I smiled at my mom
10,I can't help but sniffle Touching, touching, touching
10,
10,
10,To someone in a tough fight.
10,A movie that tells us how a life can change depending on how we treat it. It was so touching.
10,I watched it with my husband, and we cried and cried together from beginning to endThat's a touching story I strongly recommend watching it with your familyIt became my favorite movie
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't just impress you, but also makes you think about the issue of the gaze that arises from external differences
10,It comforts me.^^ It was so good.
10,I can't believe I'm watching such a good movie now.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a masterpiece.
10,
10,It's a really warm movie. A movie that understands everyone's heart. It's touching.
10,a warm, smiling film
10,
10,amazing wonder...!
10,I recommend it. It's fun
10,
10,When Jack Will fought Julian, he was choked up with anger until the end when the teacher took it off. It's like a rebellion against oppression, a child of his age who has to be buried in his age
10,It was so touching Don't you think a movie like this needs to be over 10 million? Clumsy. Comic movies worth 10 million. I can't hold my breath. - You're so smart and cute I was moved and proud to have many friends
10,The scene where Jack Will fights for the baby was touching!
10,Everything from directing, acting, composition, and ending is perfect
10,
8,It is good that it is not only drawn from the perspective of disabled children, but also from the perspective of children around them. Everyone has wounds and complexes. It's just a difference between seeing it and not seeing it.
10,a film like human body temperature The main characters in the movie are determined, but I was the only one who watched it with tears in my eyes.
10,
9,It's so touching. I cried a lot while watching it
10,It was even more touching because I raised a childRaising and growing up as a single child in this world is really hard...I think about becoming an adult like your parents and I hope my child grows up to be a strong child.I thought about itHow happy and reassuring would it be to have a friend like Jack and Summer.It was a warm movie that made me think a lot.
10,It seemed to tell me that there was no such thing as a complete villain. It was not just the story of the protagonist's complex overcoming, but also the perspective of various characters, so I was able to focus more on the movie. It is also said throughout the movie that hard work can be solved in a way that is not thought of when sharing with someone.
10,It would be better to watch it with the children.
10,Very touching movie recently! Healing movie. Heartwarming and beautiful movie. National movies. Must-see movies for adults. Instructions for teachers. A movie for the whole school in the new semester. It's a movie that comes out with a standing ovation.:)
10,I happened to see it and it's so touching. I shed tears several times.I recommend it as a family movie.
10,
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,
9,If I were to pick the best in my family, I would pick my sister. Can I have such a warm heart even though I am young? I envy you. I envy you that you have a family like that, including your father and mother.
10,I had a lot of thoughts while watching this movie, and I understood the story well because they explained the story from the perspective of each character, and it was good to watch the movie while understanding each character.
10,The best! I'm touched from the start to the end
10,It was so touching. The parenting style of the parents was impressive. Every line was a famous line.
10,
8,The scene where Jack sincerely apologized to Eogi was touching.
10,Tears welled up the whole time I watched. Touching.
10,I really like the story of this movie and it was touching!
10,It's fun!I watched it at school and it was so fun!
10,
10,
7,It was a typical story, but it was very touching.
10,Such a warm and beautiful movie of my life
10,
1,A movie is just a movie...
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,I'm so touched. ㅠㅠ
8,
10,I work in a youth-related place, and in my organization, I develop a person's life with leadership. I've met many teenagers, and there was a young man who was bullied for his ugly face like this. But he told me to talk to another friend first. After that, my friend is living well with his friends without being bullied.
9,It's definitely the warmest movie I've ever seen before.
10,It's a moving movie. Recommendation!
10,What a wonderful movie!^^
10,
10,Throughout the hour and 50 minutes of running time, tears continued to flow without resting. It was time for me to look back on myself again whether I judged and avoided someone only by their appearance, or whether I tried to look at and accept them as children like Jack and Summer, not pity them. I am thankful that I met such a good movie.
10,I just found out about this gem-like movie. I really enjoyed it!
10,I envy those who haven't seen this movie yet.Thank you for the good movie.
10,A movie that touches my heart...
10,A movie that I enjoyed and was moved my heart
10,
10,
10,The story development was not boring and I think it was fun and touching. A movie that I was satisfied with after a long time.
10,I cried a lot when I saw ㅠㅠ which was so touching after a long time ago My life movie ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that's so touching and it's good to watch at this time of year
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,
8,In a way, it's full of Korean new wave but touching foreign currency
10,
10,I've never left a score, but I'm so satisfied with it.It was so touching and good that it was included in the life movie.All the children acted well and their families seemed to be real, so the immersion was very good.
10,Make sure to watch a movie that teaches you how to see the world more beautifully!!!
10,A movie that everyone should watch...
10,
7,The scar on the boy's face creates a scar in his heart...a boy who stands up from them
10,If you have to choose between being right and being kind, choose kindness - my favorite movie since Forrest Gump! I don't know how many times I cried because I was touched.
10,It's so much fun
10,The scene where he was teased at school was very sad, but it was really cool to see him get along with his friends and get an award
10,The beautiful movie, the audience who watched the movie, grew up with the fish and felt happy.
10,Movies that are different from reality, but at least make you feel who you should be
8,The drama <Atypical> came to mind. A family story with both atypical sons. Wonder is heartwarming when he sees Atypical being realistic. Personally, I like realistic stories like Atypical, but sometimes warm movies like Wonder are also good.
4,If you didn't want to know about Cliché's background, it's funny that Miranda gets attention for thinking like family even if she has feelings of admiration and jealousy for her family and hits betrayal right away, not touched by the obvious development
8,Discrimination stems from false beliefs and values, and these beliefs are often formed in the home environment. It was good to see Justin, a bad boy, transferred to school, but on the other hand, he inherited prejudice from his parents and even lost the chance to correct it
10,I just saw it, and it's been a while since I saw a movie this touching
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't leave anything out! It reminds me of my childhood. Whether it's Korea or anywhere, people live in the same worldHowever, as I remember the painful memories again, I wish I had friends like that and environment like that. It must be a great movie! It's my life's work.
10,I happened to watch it while changing channels on TV, but I focused until the end. Tears came out of my eyes from time to time.Besides the main character, I was so happy that there were stories about my friends around me and my sister's friends I'm glad that all the characters' emotions are understood and that eventually Eogi is out of the worldㅠㅠ 올해 It's the best movie I've seen this year! Whenever I have a hard time in my life, I should watch this movie and get refreshedA movie that gives warmth to the heart, Wonder is the best!♥
10,A movie as wide as the universe with beautiful dreams and lovely family and friends
1,My score is one of 101
10,An impressive movie that can't be left out. My heart warmed up and my photo card became... It's been a while since I've seen a movie that remains so deep in my heart.
10,I saw it as a rental, but I want to buy it
10,It was the best movie I want to keep and watch.
10,
10,I think it's a good movie for people with low self-esteem
10,It's the best movie where there's nothing to miss out onI'm glad I've seen this kind of movie now~~
10,The movie where the whole family clapped afterwards ♡
10,
10,It's the best. It's a heart-warming movie.
10,I'm tearing up.indescribable emotion
10,I enjoyed it so much. ^^ a heartwarming movie
10,A film that shows where true power is based
10,I've never seen such a moving zero
8,A family movie to watch with children.The appearance doesn't change, our eyes have to change.
10,I want to be someone like summer
10,
10,a film that gives the right direction for life
10,A life movie that everyone needs.
10,It was so fun and touching.I definitely recommend it.
10,It's a great movie to watch with kidsThe story is so nice and it's fun to have each character's point of view
10,I stayed at home with COVID-19. It's such a good movie ♡♡
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently.I highly recommend it as a family movie.
10,The best movie of my life.It was so touching.
10,a tearful film It's not sadness. It's emotion itself.
10,
10,A movie like "Two Chicken" that captures both fun and emotion.
10,"Be kind to everyone's fighting hard battle"
9,My son recommended me to watch it. I envy my family who relaxes each other
10,No... This... Really, oh... It's a great movie. If you have a chance, please watch it. I love the story itself. I highly recommend what people who are not confident or courageous about their lives see! I just thought, "It's a family movie." I watched it, and I couldn't say anything but tears and emotions came out. The funny parts in between make me laugh. It's a very instructive movie. If around, it's a good movie for people like Julian who don't like people like Eogi. It was awkward and weird when I first watched the movie, but I got used to it while watching the movie. It's such a pretty children's movie. ㅠㅠ I recommend you to watch it. ㅠㅠㅠ
10,
8,It was easy, but the empathy was the best. It feels like I have a family like this
10,
10,
10,
10,A movie that is essential for Korean society, which is sensitive to prejudice and the eyes of others. My heart was moved and tears came to my eyes all the whole time I watched it
10,
10,Wow, come after the movie.
10,It's a great movie that brings tears of happiness and overwhelming heart...!!!
10,
10,It was a very moving movie.
10,
10,Everyone's emotional acting is so goodYou're good at acting with obvious stories in a touching way^^ It's a good movie
10,
10,I watched it with my two daughtersIt's the best movie for both children and adults
10,As a father of two, I recommend it to all fathers in the world
10,
10,Make sure to watch it
10,A movie that really warms your heart. I'm going to read the book that'sir
10,
10,
10,Every movie should be like this. Touching life, love, understanding, friendship, brotherhood...And forgiveness and self-reflection... Man's warmth / It must exist on Earth forever. warm warmth The temperature of the heart
10,It's a warm movie with the emotion that can't be released in Korea. In Korea, if you teach people not to throw away trash, don't avoid others, it's important for the West to use its power properly rather than being strong, or how to look at others, and it's right to teach you what kind of person you are
10,"No Ordinary Person" is a touching and heart-warming movie. I liked the story of not only the main character but also the various characters
10,It's the best movie to show children. Adults also have a lot to learn.
10,A representative movie that shows that something different from others can be special, not unusual.I hope the movie will give courage to those who suffer from congenital and acquired disabilities just because they are different from others externally. And people around me and I also felt that we should treat them without prejudice, embrace them with warm eyes, and change the world so that they can live normally with confidence. It is a movie that touches the heart calmly.It is a movie that I want to show my child when I have a child later child.It helped me immerse myself in the movie by showing the eyes of various main characters.
10,I was immersed in the acting of the actors and children, so I could feel how they felt. Watching the last scene, the laughter and tears of the characters were delivered to me as they were, so it was the best movie that made me cry joyfully.
10,The movie that made me think a lot is so touching
10,I saw a touching story for the first time in a while... I strongly recommend it
10,
10,Perfect for recharging humanity
10,I'm watching right now... I love it!
10,You are like me, my sister is like me, my mom is like me, my friends are like me, and I saw me in all relationships. I was very emotional and later I cried. :... ㅠㅠ
10,Every time I watch this movie on TV, it's touching and I need the courage of the first time I stand in the small world of school
9,The driving force behind the life of a loved one. I should love people around my family and friends. And don't forget that I'm loved. You have to behave properly because it makes me. Kindness or rightness should be chosen. Don't forget that my existence itself is a miracle
10,I just appreciate being able to watch this movie. I, who was hiding in the helmet with my lovely child, came out with me.
9,
10,cool
1,
10,the greatest movie in the world
10,I cried and laughed while watching it. It was a beautiful work that I sympathized with by looking at the pain and joy in each person's story. :)
10,
10,
10,I want to be confident like you /  The way to become an insider! / I got emotional at the end! / I enjoyed it / It was fun. (It felt like we watched it together in elementary school)^^)
10,It's touching and fun.
2,(Wonder) A pastry-like movie with more pieces falling on the floor than bare bread. Even if you want to savor the movie to the end, the probability of falling to the bottom takes away your appetite. They say that children grow up fighting, but I didn't know that they would proudly present them to the world by creating obvious and ridiculous fights in this way.My favorite part of the movie was Miranda's story, and the conflict and reconciliation between Miranda, who had to lie to be special at the meeting, and Olivia, the real protagonist of the lie, was interesting. I was able to expand the idea that there is such a friendship. Other things like acting by actors and directing by directors are so ordinary that they will disappear from memory very quickly.
10,It was very moving.
10,I watched 13 movies in a week and it was the most fun Great parents and lovely children. Healing itself
10,It's not just a child with a disability, but it's a movie that showed the perspective of the people around him
10,
10,I have never said life movie from the bottom of my heart, but I really thought it was my life movie. Furthermore, my younger brother is intellectually disabled, and I think he watched this movie from his perspective.It makes my heart warm and it's a good movie. Good, good
10,
10,Everything is perfect. A movie that I want to show my child later on
10,
10,I realized that even in the same situation, depending on the person's perspective, there might be a reason why a bad person might be in that person's perspective And this movie is a bit sad at the same as well
10,
10,There is no need for words. It's a movie that takes away my tears whenever it appears in front of my eyes.
10,It's a warm movie that makes you think about how to live. All the actors are cool and pretty
10,Heart-warming stories of warm people
10,
10,
10,
10,Tears of emotion, not tears of sadness
10,It's a good movie to watch with kids. We strongly recommend it. ♡♡
2,the pathetic tributary itself
10,
10,I don't know why this movie is interesting.Throughout the movie, I was worried, cried, happy, and moved.I just couldn't describe why it was funnyThis movie is the best
10,
9,When you're tired in the adult world.Movies that are good to watch when you want to get refreshed
10,It is common to be the most common person in the world to disparage the disabled, but I want you to know that the main character, Eo-geo, is an ordinary child who is no different from anyone else I think movie immersion is also okay not only from the main character's point of view but also from other people's point of view, not just boring and giving lessons, but true person's value, and also the importance of kindness and consideration
10,
10,Let's hurry up and read the book, Joy!
10,I think there should be another film title. "Jack Will"
10,A heart-warming healing movie that brings back the lost courage
8,It was awesome. The actors acted so well that I could see it more touching. It was so touching. It was a movie that I want to watch again.
10,It is new to fabricate this kind of story that happens in society.
10,I saw it twice, and it was like crying in my heart at the most.This is ★ 10!
10,The fight scene is so touching
10,The best moving movie of my life. Best movie without missing a single story acting. It is a movie where you get immersed in the moment, and there is no boredom from beginning to end, and the warmth continues. a thought-provoking film Thank you so much!
10,
10,I cried for the first time in a long time.  I never cry when I watch a sad movie. I cried because it was so beautiful. Is this human beauty?
10,I'm going to give birth soon, so I've seen it again, and it feels different It's a wonderful family^^
10,I saw the appearance of my friends when I was young, and I hated my friends who were messy because of the poor family.I was ashamed of the past sometimes vaguely after I was in my 20s.At the time, I wanted to make excuses that no one told me I shouldn't think like that, but that's just an excuse...The whole thing was my choice.Now that I'm over 30 years old, I can't turn back time, and even if I want to reflect on myself and apologize sincerely, those friends are not in front of me.This movie makes me cry.I think I've changed, but the shameful memories of the past cannot be fixed or reversed.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in my life
10,It's a relief that I've seen such a masterpiece right nowcrying
10,a movie with a never-ending smile
10,I don't see with my friend be spilled, tears away.
9,Honestly, you guys know it's a masterpiece
10,I watched it with my classmates. I reflected a lot on whether I would have thought and acted like Julian. It's a must-see movie for growing children!
10,It was so nice and it warms my heart.
10,I recommended it to elementary school children and they said it was really fun.It played a role in preventing school violence by calmly expressing what is different from what is wrong.
10,It is a movie that makes the world beautiful. I received healing.
10,It was fun and touching
10,I couldn't stop crying from the beginning to the end of the movie
10,Why did I cry when I saw Via? ㅠㅠT
10,The story was so good. I watched it twice and I want to watch it again.
10,
10,I was impressed by Summer My heart was suffocating the whole time Because when I was in school, I used to eat alone, so I sympathized with it, but I didn't have the courage to do it. Thank you It's a really miraculous movie
10,
10,"It's a movie that really gives hope."
10,It makes my heart warm. Every line is like a gem and every scene is a precious movie
10,a touch of warmth
10,Dad, mom, older sister, Miranda, friend next to you! I'm still touched
10,
10,
10,The most impressive movie I've ever seen in my life
10,Is there anyone who will cry after watching this ㅠㅠ It's a touching story. It makes my heart warm I had a hard time holding back my tears  It's a movie that makes me feel so warm. I feel so attached to my friends
10,
2,If Daisy hadn't died, I would've given her nine points. It's a movie, but I don't want animals to die
10,Outstanding story and direction
10,We all want to hide something because it's not normal, but we need someone to listen.
10,
10,
9,I'll watch it again before I forget this feeling
10,A great movie where proud laughter and moving tears coexist
10,I think it's going to be the best movie of my life Maybe.
10,
10,It's sad. It's touching
10,Don't be afraid to bump into each other!
10,
10,Do you think that person's appearance is all about him? It's the same if you go into the skin for a few millimeters. Blood vessels, tendons, muscles, fat
9,Woollim is a word for this very thing like this.
10,"It's impossible for a baby to change its appearance. That's why we need to change our perspective." It's a very warm movie
10,I saw it in 2017, but it's a movie that touches my heart-warming
10,The best movie of my life ㅜㅜ
10,It's a healthy and moving movie ㅜㅜ
10,
10,Wonder is wonderful!
10,I happened to see them do it on OCN.a moving film
8,We learn precious things from movies and get the opportunity to account and change
10,
10,I didn't expect much, but there are a lot of famous lines. I recommend this movie.
10,These days, when I was angry and depressed due to COVID-19, I met a masterpiece that warms my heart.I reflected on my foolish appearance of judging people by their appearance, and I made a resolution to be nicer to the person I meet tomorrow.I'll have to see you again tomorrow
10,I lost track of time and watched it. Usually, these movies are boring, so I go to bed
10,It was a movie that warmed my heartwarming
10,It would have been bad if I didn't watch it. It's so touching
10,Our concerns from our own point of view
10,I came to think once again that I should not discriminate against others based on my appearance. And "Eojjang"! Way to go!
10,It's the best movie ever. I could relate to my nephew who has facial deformities. I cried a lotIt's such a warm movieI want to raise my child to be like Jack Will I love Bia and Miranda.Mom, dad, and principal are all cool ♡ everyone
10,
10,It's really a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it
10,I recommend you to watch the best movie ever
10,
10,오 마이 갓! 이 영화는 굉장해요!
10,I want to be a person who is always positive and can freely express his thoughts and intentions. Like you
10,I'm so glad I watched this movie I'm having a hard time these days, but I feel better after watching this movie Whenever I have time, I'll watch it again and again~  Thank you for making the movie I hope you live a long, healthy life and only walk on the path of happiness
8,
10,Perfect OST, story from multiple perspectives... Director, live a long life
10,I'm just pathetic that I didn't see this touching movie in the theater.
10,The movie of my life. The inner side of a fish that is harder than me.
10,
10,Someone might say that it's a common story that might have been somewhere, and someone might say that it's too ideal. However, the story and character relationship of the movie were all realistic. Above all, each line was like a gem. It made me reflect, it made me reflect, it made me feel moved. I think any student would recommend watching this movie. It's a movie that I want everyone to watch and think deeply.
10,It's a really good movie that makes me feel happy and moved.ㅔ
10,The most touching movie I've ever seen
10,
10,There is no need for words. A movie like "Wonder," literally providing healing for everyone.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that touched my heart
10,"Everyone deserves a standing ovation at least once." That's the line I want to keep in my heart. It's warm and the story is solid, so I think it'll be an unforgettable movie.
9,It's a movie that you can watch with a calm smile while watching it. It warms my heart and heals me. If you like this kind of movie, you should definitely watch it. I strongly recommend it.
10,
10,
9,It's touching and fun"Just look at it." It's so touchingcrying
8,It doesn't seem to be just a boy story. A miracle is something that everyone is slowly making.
10,
10,
10,The movie with children is deeply moving to a grown-up.
10,It's a good movie that everyone can watch
10,There is no ordinary person in the world. Good luck, principal. ^^
10,It's more fun and touching than the second time
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure you watch it
10,It's so refreshing and touchingㅜㅜ A bucket of tears
10,I think it's a movie that you can remember deeply
10,It was my life movie, "You can't change your disability, but you have to change our perspective." It really left a deep impressionable.
10,It's a really, really good movie.All the directing and acting stories. I was touched the whole time, and the children's appearance suggests a lot to me. Thank you for the good movie and acting.
10,Life is a series of pain. We make mistakes and fall and move on. We, who were bent on taking many steps, told them where to take our steps. Just look straight at it. Then you'll see it. Whatever it may be. Life is so tragic but beautiful. It was a great movie that penetrated reality.
10,It's so much fun It's nice to see you constantly approach your friends without losing courage^^ And it's nice to see friends who recognize you for your other talents getting better and better and better
10,It's a movie where you can acknowledge people who are different from you without looking at the world.
10,
10,This is a movie that has everything.
10,This is a movie that has everything.
10,
10,Wow, that is really touching... (^-^) I want to see my friend again.
10,It's full of emotions. It's not forced
10,
10,My friend, a middle school teacher, asked me to recommend a movie to show the children after the exam period, so I recommended it without hesitation. It's not boring but touching.
10,
10,It will be the best movie of my life.A beautiful and healing movie. I'm proud of the main character, Eogi, and I envy everyone around me for their pretty hearts.
10,Jack Will's little boy looks familiar, but he turns out to be Ford v Ferrari's Christian Bale sonLOL It was touching. It's been a while since I've gotten warm
10,It's a movie like a movie. Julia is very good at selecting works.
10,
10,It's one of the movies that you watch over and over again. It's so touching
10,It's very touching...I cried when you cried.
10,
10,
10,
10,I didn't think much about it, but I'm glad I saw it
10,
10,
10,
9,It was a movie that reminded me of my school days. People are social animals. If you have to choose between transfer and kindness, choose kindness
10,It's such a lovely movie, why does Julian smile and clap on the left at the graduation ceremony?-- Didn't you transfer?
10,It's a heartwarming movie.^^
10,Steven always touches me.I hope everyone knows the charm of this movie, which makes even the villain impossible to hate.
10,
6,If it was a true story, I would have been more moved
10,
10,
10,We must love each other because we are not perfectIt's not to be perfect, it's not to know each other, but love is the only thing that can heal each other's wounds because of their imperfections. We must live in love with each other.No one is free to hide behind a helmet and no one has the right to swear at it.
10,As a movie special teacher in the top 5 movies that warms my heart...So that integrated teachers' perception of disabled infants, children's perception of integrated classes, schools, and even society can change even a little bit.I want to show this movie to everyone around me
10,
9,It's the most perfect growth movie
10,The more I watched the movie, the better and hurt my heart ㅠㅠ
10,I've been feeling sick since this morning. Miranda is so pretty
10,
10,
10,
10,It's a touching drama that makes you more nervous than an action movie.
10,There was nothing to see, so I was moved
10,They're so cute and make up with Minecraft ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,Thank you. Hey, Igiya, let go of every time
10,I like the parents of Eogi and Via very much.Should I say the true family I want?
10,It was so touching and I couldn't help but cry
10,The time when I was able to look back on my wounds and comfort them
10,It's a very touching story. They're babies, but trying to protect their friends is really touching. I cried.lol
10,
10,I watched a very happy movie after a long time. It was nice to show the eyes of people around you, not just the eyes of the fish.It was good to finish happily until the end without excessive situation production.
10,
10,Greatness is not in strength, but in using power correctly. A really good person has the power to give people courage and make a direct example.
10,
10,I wish all the babies in the world were happy
10,Is there a movie that made me cry all the time? There's no better movie than Wonder
10,I should have reached out to a friend who was different from my friends when I was a student. I wonder why I was so young back then.ㅜㅜ And Eogi, Jack Will, and Summer are so cute. Although the children are cute in appearance, it is a movie that shines even more because they are so pure and pretty.
10,A movie that anyone can enjoy watching.
10,It makes me reflect on myself.
9,Everyone is lovely. Even dogs
10,
10,Be kind to everyone who fights hard.If you want to know who he is, you just have to look."In Wonder - August Pullman -
9,If someone around you has a disability, treat them normally. And I'd appreciate it if you could be a little kind
10,I cried a lot ㅠㅠ
10,It's so much fun and I think I can watch it even if I watch it 100 times.
10,There's no other moving movie like this. I can't describe the emotion that comes from the calm
9,
10,
10,"넌 정말 대단해"
10,You have to watch it. It's a movie that you have to keep and watch. Why did I watch this at home late on TV, not at the theater?
9,I think it's a big deal for my friend Jack.
10,Look at the book. It's a touching movie
10,I felt a lot of things and it made me cry.Above all, it is a grateful movie that became a fan of Noah Jupe.The actors were so good at acting, and Jack's facial expression was amazing.
10,A movie that I want to watch again. It's simple without feeling sentimental
10,
10,I watched it when Jack Will No Jouf came out. It was more fun than I expected and it was a good movie. It's cringe-worthy. But there's no good friend or teacher like that in real life. It's very cinematic
10,I can't believe I've only watched such a heart-warming movie now. I'm embarrassed that I've been doing silly things like judging people by how they look. A warm movie where you can feel the love and friendship of family and the beauty of the world. I think today will be happy thanks to this movie.
10,The story itself is just a presence ㅠㅠ Summer lovely ♡♡
10,I was so healed throughout the movie. Strangely, when I watch this movie, I feel like I want to go to America, and I feel warm and lonely
10,
10,
10,I watched a proper drama after a long time.I strongly recommend it.
10,Be kind to all who fight hard.
8,What a wonderful way of thinking for a family. I could have grown up in such a family and got along well with my friends. It's a heartwarming story, but it's actually a bit of an ideal story.
9,I sometimes thought that the way I looked at others and myself could hurt them. Like summer, I want to understand each other's differences and share kindness naturally
10,It's the best movie that I've ever seen. It's a story that naturally tells the story of each character. It's a heartwarming movie
10,
10,It's the movie of my life. It may be an obvious story, but it was a very moving movie for me Top
10,It's good to reconfirm the process of seeing the world from each point of view and overcoming it, the lesson of Korea's appearance supremacy, and the definition of greatness.
10,Hey, be happy
10,A movie that I watched without any information or thoughts...The heart feels purified like a beautiful lake in the latter part of the movie!!!If possible, watch it with your family
10,
10,It's a touching movie. I think it's really good to watch
10,
10,Hey, always be happy ^^
10,The movie that made me feel a lot
10,Be kind, everyone is trying.
10,It's a movie that moves me every time I watch it
10,I hope you'll be a person who looks at your heart rather than your appearance^^
10,It's a good movie...It gives me good energy.
10,The only thing I regret is that I saw it too late Let's just hope that the world we live in is pretty and that we just look at each other
10,Wonder is my best movie. It was a movie that was affectionate to Via because she was the first
10,The lines are so touching and empathetic.I recommend Woollim!
10,A warm, grateful, grateful movie.
10,Good job, good job, touching, funny movie
10,
10,
10,We can't change your face, so we have to change our perspectiveBe kind. Everybody's trying.
10,No matter how many times I see it, it's a masterpiece. Healing and healing... "Wonder"! Thank you for giving us warmth!
10,
10,
8,The reality is that there are a lot more people like Julian and his parents than there are kids like the principal and Jack and Summer bitterness
10,
10,
10,
10,One of the must-see movies
10,How many times did I watch it? I even bought a book and read itIt just makes me feel sad and I look back on my disabled family and friends
10,Everything was good. Come on, man!
10,Julia Roberts...It reminds me of the future robot Daltanius.
9,
10,
7,Living together is the hardest thing in life
10,Is there another lovely movie like this? All the scenes were precious and beautiful. That our lives can be lovely enough.
9,
10,It was a movie that made me look in the mirror to see if I had lived with a helmet to hide myself. Now, I want to take off my helmet and live like myself, cherishing the precious people around me.
10,
8,It's so touching. All the actors here are lovely
10,We deserve to be applauded once in a lifetime. Be kind to everyone who fights hard. I want to know who he isYou can just look at it over there
10,
10,No one wants to be disabled. No one wants to look ugly. No one wants to be smart. No one wants no money. He who does not speak ill of others' deficiencies is a good man, and he who understands others' deficiencies is a good man.
10,An unforgettable movie of my life! And touching
10,I hope there are many movies like thisI hope my child grows up like summer
10,
10,The bully carries the burden of life, but usually the bully easily forgets. Bitter...
10,It's a movie that I happened to watch and it's very touching and impressive. I think it was better because it wasn't just about the main character, but also about the supporting actors.  It's a movie that warms your heart and makes you smile!
10,
8,Good movie ♡ Fortunately, it was so nice to see a masterpiece in the theater ♡ I watch it whenever it airs on TV.I strongly recommend it ♡ Don't miss it ♡
10,"Be kind." That's touching. I recommend it
10,
10,The movie that was so touching.
10,
10,a moving and tearful movie
8,We know that no one should be discriminated against and not discriminated against. However, the world is far from ideal. The movie says that it takes the efforts of the people around it rather than the efforts of fishing. We need to get closer.
6,The whole movie shows the PC. But acceptable. The problem is that people's hearts are so beautiful that it seems unrealistic. Villain, who was constantly bothering the main character, reflected on himself too easily, and the characters in general were too considerate
6,Obvious simplicity. Sometimes I like this.
10,
10,It's such a great movie that schools can play it for education. I don't know how many times I've been watching this.
10,Just as countless dots of color gather to form a beautiful picture, various different people gather to create a beautiful world. We are all born differently, but our existence itself is brilliant. Let's be miracles for each other with warm eyes and kind words and actions that let us see each other as they are.
10,Thank you for knowing this movie
10,I read a book and watched it as a movie, but I think I did well.
10,It's a normal story about overcoming sadness, but it was touching
10,I thought it would be nice if all the characters except Julian were next to me in life.
10,A true friend is not a face-to-face relationship. The only most precious friend who transcends age, race, gender, and everything is the one who makes with the heart.
10,Humans cannot see an inch ahead of themselves.
10,Those who give low marks and swear words are the ones who park in the disabled parking area. He's mentally challenged.  If you live with such a negative perspective, you will be eliminated from society and will not be able to be expelled.  Poor thing.
10,
10,The movie was warm and funny enough to break down as a new wave. I'm looking forward to Jacob Tremblay's future, which was impressive in the room.
10,The movie that was warm all the time! It's not just one person, but the development that talks to himself from various perspectives, and the last expression of Eogi that can't be forgotten even after the warm ending time
10,I just want to say I love you
10,I thought it would be a normal movie after watching the trailer, but it was so touching and fun that I enjoyed it so much! I think I'll go and watch a similar movie like this again!
7,Everyone is hurt and everyone makes mistakes. The story of all of us growing up over time, remembering that we are not alone, that we deserve respect.
1,The biggest problem with this movie is that it implicitly emphasizes that if you are ugly, you should be attractive even if you are not.If conditions are attached to a world that gets warmer when you change your eyes, it will only create another cold world for someone. It is a truly warm world only when ugly and introverted people are respected without discrimination.
10,I want to see this kind of movie often. The movie that was sad that it was ending... I want to watch it with my family later
10,I think it's an incredible thing to do to wrap up the last movie of the year with this one.
10,
10,A movie that showed that the heart is the most important thing when people treat each other, whether they are pretty or ugly
10,The movie was touching the way the main characters looked at it from their point of view
9,The maxim of the homeroom teacher, always remember. Daniel Rose Russell's alluring charm.
10,
10,I don't know how to feel touched when I watch a movie, but after watching this movie, I think there are more inner things that I lack than the outer side of my life.It's one of the most touching movies of my life.Julia Roberts, of course, is definitely the best cast.
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's like I found my life movie.
10,I happened to see it and it was more than I expected.My heart was warm and touching the whole time I watched it!
10,A movie that you want to show to children when you become a teacher!
10,It touched my heart
10,
9,It's nice out there and everyone's nice!!!
10,My heart sank throughout the movie I hope that this period will go further
10,
10,
10,Good parents, good teachers, good friends
10,There comes a day when everyone gets a standing ovation in their lives.
10,I started watching it without any expectations, but I couldn't take my eyes off itIt's touching, it's warm. I laughed and cried.It was nice to see a good movie after a long time
10,At the end of the fight with the 7th graders, Jack Will fell and his head hit a rock, and I freaked out.I was worried that the movie was going to a bad ending where Jack Will died
10,I think that Eo-gi is a setter who finds his own lost world and lives. Applause to your father for helping you show your true self, rather than changing and hiding yourself
10,I happened to watch it on OCN. At first, I didn't even look at the contents and just touched my phone, but I started to focus on the movie after seeing the face. I reflected on myself after the movie was over. It's a really touching movie.
10,It's a very touching and heartwarming movie.
10,It's sad that I watched a movie that I wanted to watch before, but I think it's a movie that Korea needs Contrary to Korea's emotions and social atmosphere, I want to live there if there is a movie like a vital energy that gives education and social direction that Korea should move forward and change in the wrong education and social reality.
10,Life, film, film!
10,
10,It's the best! It's such a healing movie. ^^
10,For all the cold and warm things, let me cry
10,It's warm, it's warm, it's warm
10,A must-see movie... I regret seeing you now.A really good movie about not only the growth of a child but also the growth of his family and people around him.
10,That's the best. It's a movie that changes my wrong thoughts and eyes. In between, tears came out of course... I want to see it again with my child. Thank you! That's cool.
10,It's a movie that's infinitely touching. It's a great lesson.
10,Throughout the movie, I cried a little because it was warm, not because I was sad. It's a good movie. I enjoyed watching a warm movie after a long time.
10,I was really touched.
9,The friends who acknowledge the difference of the fishing boat, the family who love the fishing boat so much, and the changing gaze of the people around them are touching. The side story of older sister Via is also warm.
10,I'm so moved. I learned a lot from you and felt that you're an adult ㅠ
10,It was a time to look back on myself while watching the movie. That's a really good movie. It's touching and...
10,Who's right and who's wrong? Who do you laugh at and envy?  None of us is wrong. We all have no right to envy and laugh at anyone. The world will be much more beautiful than it is now if you only think about this basic thing and act. And don't reflect on that moment after the movie, and don't forget to live forever, just like when it happened the next day
9,I happened to see... a magical movie
10,
10,
10,Parents who know what's normal.a reasonable thinking principalTeacher who doesn't look pitiful first before he needs help. But the belief that it can help gives.Such a warm and touching movie.
10,It's been a long time since you saw a masterpiece.
10,"Be kind. Everyone is working hard."
10,It's so nice.I really lost track of timeA warm movie...It's the best
10,You cried a lot. I'm so proud of you
10,I looked back at myself the whole timeTears covered my eyesWhat a coward I was.
10,"You may not like your face, but I hid my helmet because I always wanted to see your face."My dad's words were so touching. And Julia Roberts' acting is maturing. It's cool.
10,
10,"Just because you're different doesn't mean you're wrong."
10,
10,This is a movie, you bugs who don't even know a movie
10,I thought it was just a new drama movie. I usually hate new dramas, melodrama, and family genres.I watched it for a while and then I cried because you were changing the TV channel. It's very sentimental
10,They're really good at making great, great movies. Applause to those who are struggling.
10,
10,It was the same as when I was in the third grade that the main character was ostracized
10,Why don't you try this? Make sure to watch it
10,
10,Augustie can't change the way he looks. Maybe we can change the way we see. I personally liked it because it made me think a lot, realistically, warmly, and thought a lot.
7,No, Julia Roberts is not getting old
10,
10,
8,A calm and good movie
10,Everyone was me, it was me, it could be me. I hope everyone in the movie is happy in the end.
10,
10,
10,I liked the narration a beautiful movie
10,
10,I want to be a father like your father.
3,He's so nice. That's his strength and weakness
9,A movie you should watch with your family
10,
9,It's all good, but the movie stopped around 1:40, so I can't play it anymore. I bought it with money, but I'm sad...
10,
10,Can I be kind without prejudice?
10,It was the best movie I've seen in years
10,
9,Such a beautiful movie. I feel overwhelmed while watching it.
10,I liked how he showed it from the perspective of many people. It was touchingcrying
10,Unexpectedly, I made kimchi in winter and saw it on OCN on Sunday morning. I cried all the time watching the movie. It is a very touching and heartwarming movie. It's a waste of 5 stars
10,It's an educational movie. It's a good movie for both children and adults.
10,The movie I want to keep... It was better than I thought and I think it was made really well. Such a pretty movie. I keep thinking about it :)
10,It's no one's fault, but I'm sorry and proud to see you have to stand up to the world just because you're different.I hope it will be a warm world like a movie.
10,It's the best movie. It gives me strength and emotion
10,
10,I want adults and children to see it's adults and children
10,
9,
10,You're the reason why I've left a mark.Thank you for making my heart warm!^^
10,Be kind... everyone is trying
10,It was the most touching movie these days
10,
10,
9,Eogi, Jack Will's friendship, and the story was so touching that it warmed my heart
9,Kindness is the right way
10,I was happy the whole time I watched. a clean film
10,It's a very moving movie
10,
10,
10,
10,Depending on the situation... Watching a good movie...It could be better than studying a few words.This is what I think after watching this movie^^
4,When Daisy, the dog, died, tears came out! I remember my dog crossing the Jordan River this year. Other than that? A typical Hollywood movie! With the subject of a moderate disabled person, devoted parents and people around you, especially if it's far-fetched... At the end, the main character gets an award... Why? What did the main character do? Is it worth the award just because you overcame your situation well? Then shouldn't all the disabled people in the world who live with disabilities be rewarded? Wouldn't it be more appropriate for friends who helped and played with friends who were rejected to be criticized? Besides, why do you help your friends who were out of the blue in the camp when they were being bullied by other people?
10,It's a really warm movie.I think it is a movie that I want to show if I have a child later.
10,I like the happy ending They all lived happily ever after. Good
10,I checked it because I wanted to watch it after the early admission, but now I'm watching it. I didn't know I would cry this much. I'm sure it's not your parents, but Bia and I, who had to be your second priority, seemed to overlap I was always second because I was second, so I could relate to it a lot even though the reason is different. I want to be like Summer and Jack Will. It was the best movie I've seen this year.
10,I'll give you a perfect score with the full Wonder.
10,
10,I watched the movie with my mom's heart, even when she was sad or happy. It was the ideal family. So, Julia Roberts, you're acting so good
10,Now I'm reflecting on how frustrated I am with the little things
10,A movie that I really want to show to children.
10,#Child actors' acting is good, and Julia Roberts' acting in her 50s, who was popular in the 90s, is good. #The movie depicts the process of overcoming family sacrifices and bullying
10,I see another play in the movie, and I think what the heroine says makes life precious.I'm living, breathing, sleeping, waking up, and drinking coffee, and I'm really grateful for that And it really hit me that you're not at the center of everything
10,It makes me look back on myself
10,I want to see my baby again when he grows up. It was a touching movie that warmed my heart in the cold season
10,It's 100 out of 100.
10,
10,I'm so touched. My heart is getting warm
10,I thought I should not be heartbroken when I was sent to school in the beginning, but I thought I would have a lot to learn from Julia Roberts, who I trust and watch, and the lines of the family. Such lovely children, kind and warm movie.
10,Excellent!
10,My life movie that I watch many times when I have a hard time :)
8,
10,I felt that strength was not the strength of strength, but the warmth of using power correctly, making it love.
9,I cried while watching the movie. The story was really good, too. I think it's better for young children to watch than for adults. I hope you don't look at the world wearing colored glasses after watching this movie. I hope there will be more clear people like you.
10,
10,
10,Q4 Peer Counselling Unit: It was so much fun. / It was cool to fight during the school trip. It was good not to give up. / At any time, everyone had the potential to be applauded by people, and it touched my heart. / At first, it didn't seem fun, but it was fun. / It's good luck to break it' How did I meet such good friends and my sister?
7,You, me, us. A story that everyone can smile at
10,I think it is the most touching movie I have ever seen in my life. I think it'd be great if someone who's really conscious of the eyes around them looked at it
5,The original novel seems to have been roughly solved, and the acting ability also feels inconsistent, so I am very disappointed
10,words that save one's life an idea of saving a person's life a lifesaver a life-saving relationship a film that saves people The essential need and purpose of a person is a relationship of life, a relationship of love.Everyone has a story.
10,지금까지 없었던 완벽한 영화
10,Don't look at my face. Look at my heart
10,
10,It's an obvious story if it's obvious, but it still has a high rating for the movie, even though it's covered with actors' acting. It's one of my favorite movies!
10,It's the best movie I've seen in my 30 years of life. I strongly recommend it because it has the highest rating Make sure to watch it ^^
10,Usually, if there is an original, the movie cannot surpass the original, but for me, this movie is better than the original. I can feel that the humor, one of the characteristics of Eogi and his father, the important lines that show the psychology of the character, and the imagination scene, are dealing with the character more delicately than the original. Even the translation is better. The translation of the book is that all the characters use the word "dude" at any time, and the children use some sort of old-fashioned line. Among all couples in the drama, women use one-sided honorifics to men, which is not American at all, and uses a biased and old-fashioned translation.If you want to read the original book after watching this movie, it would be better to read the original book. If that's not possible, I recommend you just watch the movie one more time.
10,What's written on your face
10,I was so into it from the start that I couldn't take my eyes off it. I was so moved that I watched it with tears in my eyes.
10,I think it's not everything that's shown by showing every point of view. And I want to be a warm person who protects and fights with people who are fighting against the world that is different from me
10,A movie where I wished my only son was this big.
9,The smile around my mouth
10,It's been a while since I enjoyed watching it. ㅠㅠ Really
10,It's my favorite movie. It lingers until the end Wonder 2 is not coming out?
10,My favorite movie... I cried without realizing it. Something like this
10,It's the best movie that doesn't need wordsI strongly recommend it!
10,Growing a person is the growth of everyone around him
10,I just kept crying.
10,I was touched by the movie of my life
10,Best ㅠㅠ masterpiece as much as about time
10,A kind man is great! Perhaps today, when kindness is considered a loss, the film clearly tells how attractive a kind person is and how much power kindness has.
10,Better than an adult...
10,If you have low self-esteem, please watch it crying
10,a moving and instructive film
10,August, like the sun shining really brightly, shines himself with that strength and finally seems to burn
10,a healing film It was so good
10,It's a great movie. The actors' acting is so touching
10,I was so happy that everyone's perspective came out Every role has its own story. A movie that you must show when you have a child
10,It's a movie that makes me look back on myself. It's a movie that I want to watch with if I have a child later
10,It's my favorite movie. It looks like August Rush.
10,A movie that makes you feel warm! I should keep it for myself
10,A movie I want to show my child
10,Why did I watch it now? I regretㅜㅜ
9,There's no need for words. ㅠ
10,I don't know what I've been doing
10,I really enjoyed it. It's so touching
10,The best movie ever! Recommendation
10,It was the best movie ever!Touching itself ㅜㅜㅜ
10,It's such a warm movie
10,I enjoyed watching it! It was calm but touching
10,The loveliest movie of my life
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The best movie you have to watch in your life
9,I was impressed and if you want something as great as your GPA, I was very impressed.
10,I'm reminded of this because I watched a boring movie. I'm going to watch my life movie again
10,It was a movie that would be remembered as my life movieㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,I can't get over it I'm going crazy ㅠㅠ
10,It's been a while since I watched a warm movie.
8,These movies give me the power to live. a masterpiece
10,After watching the movie, I wanted to read books. It's a heartwarming movie.
10,I reflected on myself for not being able to show kindness in the past. Thank you
8,Just think of it as a warm drama, and you'll be surprised. It's not cliche or heavy, but it's a production drama that combines warmth and sense. It's a good movie to watch over and over again. Growth records focused more on growth than on growing pains.
10,It was nice to be able to feel the emotion of reading a book again!
9,I really enjoyed it! It was such a good movie that it made me wonder why I watched it now! The reality is much more cruel and cruel than this, but it was good to experience this warm world indirectly in the movie! The main character was cool, but the sister and Jack were so cool^^
10,It's a warm movie.You don't regret seeing it once.
10,I also want to applaud Jack Will for his kindness by looking at him from the side
10,The story of insiders who are forced to become outsiders due to external circumstances.It's a fairy tale for those who live an outsider's life because they don't get along with natural genes even though they're not different from others.To the point of understanding the words "comfortable when alone, lonely even when together" ☆ lonely forever
10,It was an opportunity to look back on me when I felt family love. I would like to express my deep respect for the courage and love of the Eogi family.
10,It's not a waste of 10 points.Sometimes I get hurt because of people, but I get the strength to live because of people.That's what life is all about.
10,Nothing is more difficult than being a parent.
10,It was one of the few movies of my life that I want to recommend and watch.
10,If my 6-year-old son can read subtitles, I want to show it as soon as Avengers. I learned a lot from watching it with my husband. It is a movie that is 100 times more interesting and focused than the movie I saw in the theater the day before yesterday. I want to watch it again quietly by myself
10,I saw it in a book, and it was really touching.
10,I think I've never seen such a healing and calm movie. I kept delaying it and watched it. It was so much funㅠㅠ((The daughter role looks like Kyung Soojin!)
10,The best movie of my life no matter how many times I watch it again
10,A film that gives courage to a depressed heart.
10,A film showing the true right of action, highly recommended
8,The initial development was good, but the hasty finish is a bit far-fetched
10,Good. I love itI keep looking at your cute face. You look like an angel when you smile
10,If my child is like that, I wonder if I can raise him so well I wish every disabled family had a happy ending like a movie
10,I think Eogi, Via, Jack Will, Miranda, Summer are all the main characters. Admitting the difference and reaching out to each other is the most successful person on earth. This movie warms my heart for two hours
10,I booked a movie in the theater to make time for it, but if it felt like I saw a masterpiece unintentionally, it would be my life movie
10,Personally, I think Julia Roberts' performance is the best.A moving film that leaves a deep impression.I hope this kind of movie will continue to come out.
10,Consideration and little attention make the world beautiful
9,Good. It was more touching than I thought
10,It's fun ㅠㅠ I lost track of time. I can't believe they're so good at acting, Jack Will. My heart fluttered every time I laughed LOL But after watching the movie, I keep thinking about Via even though it's breaking. I hope everyone is happy!
8,Your efforts and your surroundings until you take off your helmet
9,As Via said, in the world, we are. If we think about it once again, wouldn't we and all people like Eogi be happy?Happiness begins not with appearance but with the heart.I was touched for the first time. Tears of emotion were bound to flow in my heart.
10,I watched it without thinking, and it became my life movie. It was so warm
10,The best movie of my life. It makes me feel emotional
10,Uh, Pullman's family, too.My friends... my homeroom teacher or my principal teacher.Everyone is so wonderful and respectful.It's a great movie. I'm touched.I switched channels to OCN.Mr.Gimmeet.-- Ugh... It's about the same school, but it's really weird.
7,If you do something wrong, you have to be able to ask for wrongdoing and repent, shameless parents who are hurt and hurt by others in their lives, and it's very natural and natural, but I don't think bullying is the case, it's a different level of problem
10,The first time I saw Wonder was in May last year, but now that I look back a year later, I'm as impressed as I used to be. Thank you for your brilliant performances and warm lines. Today is not the end, but I want to see it again and again. I highly recommend this movie!
10,It's a heartwarming movie. You're the best!
10,I saw a scene with a dad and a son, and I thought it was this movie. It was so touching It wasn't frustrating when I showed it from the perspective of many characters, and the storyline was great and it was a warm movieMy brother has Down's syndrome, so it was a movie that I could relate toㅠㅠ I hope everyone sees it!
10,The best! A moving movie... I'd cry if I'd seen you at the theater
10,It's my first time giving a rating It's the best movie ever
10,It's a movie that I want everyone to watch. Be kind. I'll do that^^
10,We can't change your appearance, so why don't we change the way we see it?Be kind. Everyone's working hard.
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,The perfect movie. I regret why I didn't watch it at the theater
10,I watched it five times at the theater ㅠㅠ Heart-warming movie. Oh, it's so cute I strongly recommend it
10,It was a beautiful movie that touched my heart!
10,I was happy the whole time. I hope it becomes a world where you can live happily.
10,a child-biased film
10,A movie that I really want to take out!
9,It's so obvious that it's going to be in a human theater, so it's hard to take your eyes off it, but it's not cliched, it's a religious thing
10,It's really warm and touching. It was so nice to show it from various kids' perspectives
10,It was touching^^
10,It is a movie that feels the pain of discrimination in society, the warmth of trying to overcome the pain with the family, and the small but huge hands that are reaching out to them.  When you feel down or want to be comforted, you can be comforted by watching it
7,It's very boring because it's a children's emotional movie, so it's three stars, NASA, and it's two stars
10,I watched a real movie after a long time.
10,A movie that doesn't need words, a must-see masterpiece before you die
10,It's very fun and touching
10,A movie that awakens inner beauty!
9,882105103148 "Be kind to all who fight hard."5
9,Love is loved as much as it is loved, and love is given as much as it is loved.
10,I don't have anything to say. Make sure you watch it.
10,Everyone deserves a round of applause! Literally, "Good" movie gave me strength
10,A movie that reflects on me who keeps turning a blind eye to kindness even though I know kindness is right
10,A calm but not boring and pleasant movie. A sad but happy movie
10,Good. It's a good movieStrongly recommend
10,All the time I watch the best movie, I'll cry ㅠㅠ I strongly recommend it!
10,I don't think there will be any likes and dislikes in this movie
10,The best family movie of my life right now
9,All you need to live in a rough world is a spoonful of kindness and humor. That's enough.
10,It's a masterpiece that's Not really, but it's been a long time since I had such a happy smile while watching a movie, so 10 points!!
10,This kind of movie is just healing when you turn off all the lights, turn on the fan, and drink beer at home
10,If you want to know him, you just have to look. The production was great, and the characters were lovely.It was impressive to see her parents treating her. It's a very warm movie. I think it's going to be my favorite movie
10,It is a movie that all students and adults in Korea should watch at least once.^^
10,She never gives up on anything, especially me.
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this trick now. I cried a lot I can't stop crying. It's fun and touching. It's a movie with a perfect score of 10
8,It's calm but it's not boring and I lost track of time
10,a jewel-like film There's a reason for every life.
10,I'm spreading it to people around me after seeing it's late. Make sure you watch it. I watched it crying thinking about my daughter suffering from atopic dermatitis. I've gained a lot.
10,It was a movie that made my heart relax.I thought that maybe everyone in the world is struggling with their own struggles every day.I'm not the only one who's having a hard time.I should be a little nicer to the person next to me.
10,It's nice... Maybe it's because I have a lot of tears, but I cried from beginning to end
10,They're so nice people.I feel blessed enough just to have the main character in here.Heartwarming movie.Recommendation! ♡
10,Have courage in yourself
10,When I woke up in the morning, I happened to see it, and I'm impressed by the principal's words to choose kindness between transfer and kindness. It's nice to see a warm movie like this after a long time Haha
10,I was so touched in the morning Let's show this movie to all the students at school. Be kind. Everyone's working hard.
10,I'm so sorry that I couldn't be such a parent. There must have been a warm August under a good parent...
10,Sigh... Where is this kind of movie coming out?
10,It stars Nedbed and Marcelo.
10,It wasn't boring at all in the middle. It was so touching. If it was boring, action addiction
10,I feel like I'm healing...It was so good.ㅜ
10,It warmed my heart and I watched it while crying and laughing. It's the best!
10,It's not easy to get rid of prejudiceThe appearance of a child doesn't change We need to change the way we see it.to become a movie of one's life
10,I received clear energy and got healing while watching Wonder. It reminds me of my childhood and childhood. It's the movie of my life movie.
8,I looked up the room and found out that he was the main character. Wow, he's the acting god
10,It's a must-see movie^^
10,In one word, it's so much fun
10,It's such a beautiful movie
10,Real family...I think she is the most considerate one.
10,It's so touching. a movie of one's life
10,That was touching
10,It was good to be able to read not only the spirit but also the people around me were illuminated. It is a content that can be more empathized by dealing with problems between friends, alienation, and family that anyone could have felt in their adolescence.
10,We can't change her face, so we have to change our perspective
10,Everything was cool, but I thought your homeroom teacher was a cool person. You're not alone
10,I'm so touched~~ It's a healing movie with joy because tears flow into my emotions. If you're lonely, make sure to watch it.
10,A really good movie...Highly recommended
10,It's my first time writing a movie rating comment.
10,As a parent, a beautiful story that makes you cry from start to finish
9,I inadvertently turned on channel CGV and watched it until the end. What's so touching?
10,Julian wasn't the problem. The parents are the same. What a heartwarming movie  Make sure you watch it
10,It's like a self-esteem class
8,Uh... I think it's an interesting movie
10,A beautiful story of a single shining sun and planets orbiting it.
10,Be kind to everyone who fights hard.
10,When you're thinking about whether to watch it or not, you have to watch it right away
10,It's the best movie everI was really healedㅜㅜ The best
10,About what we forget to live.
10,It is the best movie.My heart becomes emotional and I burst into tears because I am moved from the bottom.Top.
10,Miracles are home, school, society...What parents, teachers, and adults have to make. But the true miracle of this movie is that it is set up with good parents, financial conditions, and friends. Now I have to be kind!!
10,A movie that everyone should watch at least once!
10,It's calm but powerful. It makes me think about my family again
10,I watched it just because of my homework, but it was so fun and meaningful that I watched it more than 10 times. I cried and was happy to see my family doing their best in their places. At the same time, I think my family should change as well. It is my life movie! Make sure you watch it!
7,When I was in high school, I had a friend in my class who was similar to my brother, but I am sorry that I did not treat him well.
10,It's a movie that a baby around the age of the main character fully understands and likesI think it would be good for the friends in the upper grades of elementary school to see it
10,It's a movie that I want to watch again with my son again^^
10,Like the real film title, the movie contents and the lives of the characters are so beautiful.It's a really, really beautiful movie.It is a movie that I want to recommend to people who like movies.
6,54665453316 Family movie is good. I can understand the atmosphere of elementary school in America.A good story that transcends prejudice against appearance disorders
10,10 out of 10 is not enough!It's a wonderful, lovely movie, and even though there are familiar actors, I can't think of any of the famous movies I've seen before, they're the cast The kids are so lovely. I kept checking in case the movie ended And Noah ^^ I won't forget you
10,I am happy that it is not normal... That sounds like a good phrase
10,Hey! You're so lovely!
10,It's just a wonderful movie that I can't put into words. I'm a student, so I'm more impressed
10,I'm touched with my smartphone
10,There is a deep and deep message! I'll have to see the kid again. Please!!!
10,I could have had that sense of self-esteem and values because every environment except for my appearance, but it would have been different if I had grown up in Korea.
9,I really understood Via's mind and behavior throughout the whole time. I also have a brother with a disability, and everything in the family goes around him, and I didn't bother to tell my friends that I had a brother.
10,It was touching. It's a must for us.
10,I thought it was a good thing I saw it after the movie. Children are good at acting, tooHaha
10,That yama is the best!There's no need for words
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that wasn't boring. It's not boring at all It's not loose, but it's calm and warm
7,Warm movie... It's touching and fun when I watch it. After it was over, there was nothing impressive that was memorable.
10,It's a heartwarming movie. If you want to get refreshed, please watch it
10,That's a relief
10,Thank you so much "It's power to use it for the right thing."
10,It's a perfect movie with a lot of tears
10,I was changing channels and I saw it on OCN. It's a movie that I want to watch over and over again whenever I have a child, or when my child is old enough to understand the movie. I was more moved by the calm production.
10,What a warm and touching movie. I think this movie will remain as one of my life movies
10,It's beautiful. It's a heart-warming movie^~^
10,It's a movie that makes my heart overflow with warmth. It's the movie of my life movie.
8,If the world is like this movie, it would be great to live in.What a wonderful movie.
10,May everyone who watches this movie be happy!
10,Why did you know this movie now when you were watching it on channel CGV? ㅠㅠ It's touching and I look back on how I've treated people around me
10,I'm moved by tears... It was so nice
10,I don't know what made me happy after watching this movie.I am happy.
8,A kind movie that changes our eyes
10,It's an easy movie to understand easily, but it has a deep resonance.
10,the integration of a nuclear power with a human beings
10,Each actor's acting, the touching story, and the arrangement of the play were all good^^♥
9,If your family was poor, would this harmony continue?
9,It's so touching. (Strongly recommended!)
10,A heartwarming movie of my life
10,I loved the stories of people with healthy minds
10,It's so heartwarming to watch the movie^^
10,I look back on my understanding and consideration for others. Everyone has a blemish on his face.
10,I was smiling the whole time
10,A really good movie to watchable. It's a movie that will leave a warm feeling in your heart
10,The movie is great, and Weekend is a teacher
10,What do I need to say? Life movie! Thank you for making it well^^
8,You're supposed to be moved, but you're not forced to do it.
10,If you're a parent... A must-see movie... A movie that parents should watch even if they're not.
10,"When you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness. ”
10,In the end, people cannot fully understand other people's views and thoughts, and individual views and thoughts may not always be right. The movie that woke me up so that I could understand from various perspectives...
10,It's such a warm movie about people beyond family that I regret not letting it go when it was released
10,It was the best movie ever! I kept shedding tears, but it was a movie with a warm heart and a bright smile. I really recommend the movie that I felt and learned a lot while watching the movie
10,Parents, brothers, sisters, teachers, friends, and many movies that everyone should watch
10,the tenderness and quietness of the heart
10,a moving and delightful film
10,It's so touching ㅠㅠ I love it ㅠㅠ It made me cry, I learned a lesson, and it was the best movie ever!
10,Let's not discriminate by appearance or race
10,good 잘 됐네. 영화!
10,It's the best! Make sure to watch it!~~~
2,If you were born as a soil spoon in Korea, you can only see it in "I'm a Natural Person." Is it because you're from the U.S. and you're rich? Or you're going to kill yourself
10,I only liked action and thriller movies.If you happen to watch this and your favorite movie genre changes, it's healing
8,You're not at the center of everything.
10,I cried for Jack Will, too
10,It is a great movie that is so good that the inside is prettier than the outside
9,Be a good-looking man. It's just a shell on the outside
10,I keep in mind that I will live a kind life to anyone after watching the movie.
10,It's a really touching movie
10,People who think weird things are weird
10,Such a good movie. Not only the main character, Eogi, Bia, Eogi, and Bia. It's a great work that expresses the universe with the focus on Eogi
9,(8.5 points) It's a disparaging story, but the process of solving it was good. It was better because it contained not only the disabled child, but also the difficulties of family and friends surrounding him and their feelings. There were a lot of famous lines...
8,There are a lot of omissions, but it's more fun if you read it Guys.
10,Let's be kind before being right ^^
10,The best movie I've seen in years!
10,A movie that makes you want to understand someone
10,Thank you so much for watching this movie. It's really the best movie of my life.
10,Learning lessons and being touched.
9,You can't judge a person by his appearance.
10,When did you get this touching.I don't know if the movie will be released...It's the movie of my life movie.The child actors are excellent in acting.
10,I want to be a good adult
10,I couldn't watch without tears because I touched every corner of my heart. (I was crying and I thought I was the only one who got weird, so I was relieved after looking at the score^^ Everyone is crying ^^)Thank you for making a warm and touching movie.It's my favorite movie
10,What a happy life it is to have true friends and family
10,A movie to take out when your heart is tired, a movie that can heal you over and over again
10,I am so happy to see this movie
10,It was a very warm movie
10,I'm so touched after a long time.ㅜㅜ
10,My favorite movie! I watched it by chance on the movie recommendation channel and downloaded it. I enjoyed it so much that I watched it twice and bought a book. A heartwarming movie. The best movie
8,Everyone has two sides. Life is hard for everyone. Let's live understanding and caring for each other.ㅜㅜ
10,Touching. Tears. Confidence.Recommended for everyone!
10,Like Eogi, our baby is a rare incurable disease that is a little different from others, weak, or unable to walk.If I go to school later, will I be able to overcome it well and meet good friends?Can I trust you and wait like your mother?Can we do well?
10,I didn't even know this famous painting was released
10,Your face is a map. You've lived your life ^^
10,It's been a while since I saw a beautiful movie It's a movie that makes you laugh, cry, and think a lot
10,Thank you very much. It was a movie that I couldn't stop crying.I will reflect on myself and reflect on myself again.
10,The process of growing fish and meeting true friends was so warm.
10,Wonder! I'm touched I'm gonna have to watch it with the kids one more time
10,The patience and mindset of the characters in this movie made me ashamed. It is a movie that tells you how to overcome an ordeal and how to treat someone who is having a hard time around you.
10,I cried without knowing, I laughed without knowing, and I was immersed without knowing It was a movie that made me think a lot Everyone can get a standing ovation I saw a good movie I recommend it again.
10,I can relate to the line that there is no ordinary person in the movie. Everyone needs attention Friendship is the interest that has the most positive effect on us.
10,Wonder. I watched a great movieI think this is the first time that all the characters feel great. Just see. Just look. How difficult it is.
10,It's a movie that purifies my heart.There's a smile on my mouth and tears on my eyes.Thank you, baby.
10,All mothers in the world say the same.The best thing I've ever done in my life is to give birth to you.Parents do not give up and throw away their children even if they have a disability.A movie that impressed me greatly.It's too bad that I couldn't see this movie because of the screen monopoly
10,The best movie I've seen recently
10,As I watch and follow, I feel touched and sympathized with each of the cast members, so I keep crying. My heart warms up, and I reflect on myself to become a kind person away from prejudice in the world
10,It seems like I watched a movie after a long time.
10,The pure and touching itself
9,It is my second time to watch it on TV, and I enjoyed it every time I watched it.A movie that makes you cry and feel good
10,I recommend it.It's a touching drama
10,Be kind, everyone's trying. A good movie where each person's story was warm. Applause to everyone.
10,It's so touching. It's so...
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,I guess I'm getting old. I don't have anything to throw away I don't know what they're feeling. My heart aches. I keep cryingI'm so worried and proud of you. I'm sorry to watch this movie for free
10,It's my favorite movie. I should wait, trust and support my child with her parents.
10,What a lovely movie!
10,I happened to watch it on TV, and it is a very meaningful movie
10,Recently, I read the Green Book and thought about prejudice, and I am happy to see this movie continuously
10,The movie itself is really wonder!
10,It's my first time feeling cute
10,I hope the movie that must be released in Korea is a mature country now
8,Shouldn't there be a prize for the helper?
10,What a great movie!be worthy of recommendation to anyone
10,It's not a really sad movie, it's a touching movie. It's a movie that makes me ashamed and look back on it because I wasn't satisfied with myself and didn't work hard. It's really warm. Make sure to watch it!
10,What are you going to do! My eyes are swollen because I was touched from beginning to end! ! What a great movie!
10,I happen to be watching this on channel CGV. I can't believe I made such a great work. Is it possible to make a movie like this in Korea other than a movie that is too long?
10,I can't believe I just saw a movie like this ㅜㅜ
10,Now I've seen this great movie. It's a must-see movie with kids
10,It was hard, but thank you.
10,When you're having a hard time, this line comforts you
10,Positivity and the power of a beautiful heart
10,A movie that warms my heart. A movie that made me look at my children again as a parent with an older daughter and a younger son.
8,It was a touching movie. I want a lot of people to see it
10,A moving and warm movie
10,detailed expressions I can't believe you're telling such an obvious story with this image. a well-made film
4,It's a good movie. It's not bad because it's nice, but the movie is too easy. I want to fall in love with you, but the only attractive thing is my friends. So it's not likely that Eogi's prime minister at the end. That's the only way I could paint.
10,Happy Eogi with the best parents!
10,It's so touching. It's the best movie ever Strongly recommend! Add a movie to my life!   It's 100 stars
10,Why are my eyes sweating?
10,It's a heartwarming movie. Once, twice, three times. I think I'll see it many times
10,It's a really good movie.
10,The scene of making up with Minecraft really touched my heart crying
10,You're the best. I cried the whole timeㅠㅠ Tears of emotion
10,It's a movie that makes me reflect on myself. How much effort did I make to overcome it?
10,I love all the characters in my life movie I need to be kind to people around me with warm eyes Fighting to all the babies in the world!
10,If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness.
10,It's such a pretty movie. It's the best. The best
9,It's a good movie. He always faces big and small problems, but the characters solved them bravely and lovingly. In the reality of my life, it's an ending that I might encounter very often, but there must be a society somewhere on this planet that solves problems in a similar way to this movie.
10,The Best Heartwarming Movie
10,Oh, my God. Now I know such a lovely movie.
8,Warm and bright movie, it was good
10,It's a touching movie. I've been watching it several times
10,It's been a long time since I shed tears of emotion. It's a touching movie to finally see this movie. I need to raise my child to use strength and courage in good and right places :)
10,Nice movie, nice lines.
10,Be kind to everyone who has a tough fight.
10,It's a movie that makes me feel ashamed and makes me cry and wake up somewhere deep in my heart.It's a must-see movie when you have a child.Thank you for the good movie
10,ㅠㅠ Jack Will is so handsome
10,Great lines and great roles.
10,It's such a warm movie! I was thinking of watching a comedy movie lightly because something unpleasant happened, but I watched "Wonder" because it was a movie that I had decided to watch since a long time ago, and I was properly comforted and healed. We strongly recommend it. :-)
10,Is there a need to be so tight when evaluating a film that was directed or Stohedon? At least I got a perfect score because I was able to get what the movie wanted to feel. I cried a lot because of many factors, but when my dad cried because of Daisy ㅠㅠ Puppy
10,It was really impressiveI don't understand why I haven't seen this movie so far I really recommend it. It's for everyone, so I really enjoyed it
10,It's calm but there's no time to be bored and I keep crying. It's the best
7,In a way, it's wide and narrow, but both are the mindset that everyone should have
10,Heartwarming movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I don't know how many times I cried. A good movie to watch with my family! I recommend it!
10,ㅠㅠ 인생 It's touching. My life movie...
10,I think a lot throughout the movie. It's not enough to say that it's touching.I want to encourage everyone to take a look
9,It's a really warm movie. I watched it after the evaluation, but it's more than I expected ㅜㅜ
10,The movie that I learned a lot of lessons in a short time.
10,My school life, of course, makes me look back on myself.
10,It was so beautiful and I was thankful
10,If it were our country, we'd be busy hiding the perpetrators I think it's a movie that even teachers should watch
10,It's such a beautiful movie I want to say with confidence that it's one of the must-see movies before I die. It was the best movie ever. Thank you, baby
10,Ah! It was very touching.
10,I cheered for everyone in this movie.
10,The best movie of my life. The way I look at the story from the perspective of various people around me, not just from the main character's perspective, was new and touching.  Especially, I will not forget the scene of my sister's play, the scene of Jack Will fighting, and crying while looking at the lake after shaking hands
10,My mother never gave up on anything
9,I reflect on myself as I become increasingly desolate.
8,The beautiful moment for each of us is the moment to overcome adversity, and it is a movie that makes us think that if we can show our true heart without being swept away by the eyes of others and if there is a precious person to discover it, it is a great blessing and growth.
9,I dare to give you 9 points.  A movie perfect for touching, empathizing and consoling.
10,I'm embarrassed. I was so ashamed and hard to see my childhood when I sympathized with bullying because it was different from ordinary people.  I had atopy, and I was born with a uglier face than others, and I would have liked to give up on everything, but I respect you for doing it at the age of an elementary school student
10,I was so touched that I held back my tears.LOL I'll cry next time! It's a good movie ♥
10,Jack Will... He's the best
10,I thought I was the only one who cried, but a lot of people criedIt's not because I'm sad, but because I'm touched ㅜㅜ
10,Is there really a mother like Julia Roberts in the world? Would I have been able to raise my child in that mother's attitude if I were in that situation? Will I be able to send my child with facial disabilities to a school where ordinary children attend in Korea?
10,The movie that touched me from beginning to end...It's my favorite movie
10,The sight of Julia Roberts makes me cry
10,I'm so proud of you
10,You can't change your face. Then shouldn't we change the way we see it?
10,I strongly recommend a heart-warming movie
10,I realize the importance of people. It's a great movie
10,It was a movie that didn't waste money
10,Elementary school students in Korea... Phew...
10,I cried the whole time I saw it
10,Make sure you watch it. You should watch ita movie with a different depth
1,The rating is too high. I can't believe there are masterpieces from other times down there
10,It was a movie that I watched happily!
10,Calm movies or healing movies always make me cry. I can't watch them until the end because I'm bored. I'm so immersed in them until the end. I got choked up at the end and I want to watch the movie many times again. If someone asks me to recommend a movie of my life, I would recommend it without hesitation.
10,It's my favorite movieAs a parent, I'm touched by all the scenes^^
10,It's a heart-warming movie. It's so touching.As I always saw the provocative scenes in the movie, I felt like my hair was contaminated, but I think this movie purified me crying
10,Everyone has their own story
7,Is it unrealistic? Still, there's no law against this. A belief in warmth that may feel typical and predictable but can never be denied.
10,I think it's a movie that serves as a model for a good child's education. The flow seems to be cliche, but I think it's a movie that made me realize that happiness comes from the most basic right values and the importance of family. I think Jack Will is a really cool guy. It's a warm movie
10,It became my favorite movie
10,A movie with happy tears. Along with the parent trap, this warm and pleasant American family sentiment and environment are very good.
10,It's about the story, but Miranda is very pretty
10,A movie that makes me think about precious things that I have...
10,원더풀
10,It was the most touching movie
10,I'm touched. I enjoyed the movie
10,I took it lightly, but I couldn't get riddled with... It was a good movie with a definite message.
10,The echoes of a child's growth drama to a grown-up adult are not new at all. A really warm movie. I'm rooting for you, baby.
10,The comparison to Newton's First Law at the beginning of the movie is really impressive. I think I'll keep thinking about it
8,A warm escape that touches the heartstrings of modern people living in a desolate era
8,It's an obvious subject, but it's also an ability to produce something that's not obvious
10,A touching drama! A heart-warming story!
10,a moving and instructive film
10,The movie was the best. Not only the story of Eogi but also the story of other friends is fun, touching, and pretty. It's a movie that people around me want to watch!
10,A movie that I want to recommend to everyone around me.
10,I feel courageous looking at you. It's such a warm movie
10,It's so touching ㅠㅠ
10,It's a really meaningful and touching movie
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,I can't stop smiling even after the movie
10,It's a great movie no matter how many times I watch itcrying
2,Personally, if you were disappointed that you were missing a lot of parts of the narrative, it was neither me nor you to focus on the growth of the fishing season and show various perspectives like the original... But it wasn't bad, but it's a warm story, so many people give high ratings, so I think it's good to use it for 2 points. Zoom score is 7.6~8 points
10,I almost criedThe genre is drama, but it is not boring at all. Although it is a movie, I can see why it is a great power when I see the atmosphere of American school
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I guess that's what it means to be touchedㅠㅠT
10,I can't forget the look on Julia Roberts' face when Eogi and Jack invited Jack home from school together.I watched it five times
10,I think it's a great movie
10,A touching movie that has a lot to think about while solving the story from each other's eyes.
10,I felt more immersed because I could sympathize with Isabel, Nate, Eogi, Jack, Via, and Miranda.I cried because I was upset and cried because I was moved. And Julian really wanted to beat him up, but he felt sorry for the parents. I'm glad that the kids who bullied me apologized again.
10,Do you have to leave a review on the score, but can't you just simply put 5 stars in it?
10,Heartwarming movie...
10,If there are people like this around me, I would feel the happiness of life that Bill Gates doesn't envy
10,"Greatness is not a strong force, but a proper use of it. The boy, or girl, is great to touch and encourage others. I am grateful for the fact that I can leave such a pure and brilliant film.
10,It's a touching and warm movie. It makes me think about a lot of thingscrying
10,I wanted to see a movie similar to Flip, but it's perfect. It's a movie that I want to show when my child grows up to understand
10,If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness
10,The warmest movie I saw on a cold winter day
10,That's very nice ^^ I recommend this movie. It's especially touching
10,I think we're helping out, but I think we're the ones who're receiving it
10,It's just a movie that comforts me. A movie that makes me move forward again. A movie that warms my heart. A movie that I'll visit again and again
10,I watched a heart-warming movie after a long time. Let's love ourselves and respect others with kindness.
10,I regret watching it later. It is a really good movie
10,A movie that makes me realize that the courage to fight prejudice can grow and grow to the end of the majestic universe, not by me
10,It's my favorite movie.My heart can't be this warmㅠㅠ Thank you for making such a beautiful movieㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that makes you realize how important a warm family is. I cried the whole time.
10,It was shown again at the theater today, so I finally saw what I didn't see last year It was warmer than I expected The background is not tacky and you can relate to all ages and feel warm She showed me the story of her friends, so I knew there was a misunderstanding I felt like everyone was nice You and Jack Will are so cute
10,It's a really beautiful movie. I mean it.
10,a heartwarming movie I'm sure this is enough for a review...
9,It really touched my heart that we should change because the movie's warm-hearted appearance cannot change
10,It's a touching drama. So cute
10,A movie that makes you feel that a warm world will come if you change your perspective first rather than changing the other person.
10,I realized again how important it is to be loved. A person who has been loved can love himself and love others. It was a time when I could heal myself. It was an excellent choice for the first movie of the new year in 2019.
10,Life movie... It's a heartwarming movie.
10,It's innovative. It's fun. It's touching. You have to watch this!
10,I highly recommend watching it with children!
10,Everyone deserves to be applauded at least once
10,I think it's a good movie to watch more than once a year.It's a very grateful movie.Each and every one of you is so precious.
10,I don't know what to say. Thank you to all the people who helped me make and watch these movies.
10,I think my heart got really warm after seeing it.I want to watch this movie again
10,If I could only watch one movie before I die, I'd choose this
10,It's been a long time no see
10,It's a movie I watched recently, it was 2017. I didn't expect much but it was so touching that I cried.
10,If you don't watch the movie of your life, you'll be ruined.
7,This is the true "Beauty Inside"
10,We are all different and have different pains.
10,Although it is unrealistic because it is an infinitely positive and warm background, I think we always dream about this unrealistic situation
10,It's the best movie I've seen this year!
9,A movie like a cold winter stove.
10,Any film that has gained learning deserves applause at least once
10,A warm movie that gives calm happiness. I had a happy Christmas.
10,Why did I watch this now? It's my first time feeling overwhelmed while watching a movie
10,a harmless and deeply resonant film
10,It's my first time seeing a movie that's not boring at all
10,Mom, dad, sisters, Jack Summer and thank you.
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot and look back on myself. Maybe I was acting like Julian. I want to be a person who has true kindness like summer.
10,It's fun. I recommend it.
10," If we have to choose right or kind, choose kind."
10,A moving and warm movie. If I have a child later, I want to show it to you.
10,I happened to see it once at the movie theater on the opening day, and I happened to remember it again today, so I watched it again. Can I make a movie like Wonder when I grow up?
9,It's good that I don't draw with sympathy alone.
10,Is there another moving movie like this? ㅜㅜ It's my life movie
10,The movie was so lovely and beautiful.It is a movie that can give a good laugh at the end of the year and the new year.Throughout the movie, I cried because I was lovely, moved by his courage, and cried because I was happy with his growth.It was a lovely movie
10,I watched it in the evening, slept, woke up the next day, and watched it again in the morning. It's still touching and fun. I think it'll be my life movie
10,Good... Very good...What a lovely family...Stronger than anyone else.Very good
10,Why is it so difficult ㅠㅠ
10,"위대한 것은 강해지는 것이 아니라 가장 많은 마음을 전달하기 위해 힘을 사용하는 것입니다."
10,Please re-release it. I hope everyone saw it
10,Can I also be a friend like Summer? Can I still be a good friend like Jack Will?
10,The reality is that they are against special schools ㅠㅠ no countermeasures
10,A movie that shows the direction of life
10,Shame. That little fish overcame his discomfort and revealed himself...I'm so busy hiding things for this age. I hope a lot of people watch it'
10,I'm not the one who leaves reviews. Make sure to watch this movie. I didn't watch it because it was like a family movie. I downloaded it today. Log in and write a review. It is one of the five best movies of my life. I was sad that the movie was ending.울 cry and laugh
10,When you walked out of the school gate with your friend for the first time, Julia Roberts looked...ㅠㅠ It's a good movie that teaches a good lesson and doesn't get bored ㅠㅠ
10,It was really touching, overcoming adversity with unwavering faith in my family and around me.
10,a film of natural laughter and tears
10,It's a movie like cheering for me when life is hard and tiring. I see it many times, but it's new to me every time I see it
10,[It's a spoiler] I felt sad while watching the movie, but the saddest thing was when I realized that my father's point of view wasn't mentioned
10,"Be kind to all who fight hard." "Be kind to all who fight hard."
8,Understanding of human beings A warm story that depicts differences of opinion An idealistic, too human story
10,It's just a heart-warming movie. If I stop crying, I cry again. I'm just so touched.
10,How I wish the world would be happy like this movie and everything would go well ㅠㅠ Eogi is great and Eogi's parents and sisters are great. Teacher, friend, principal...It must be nice to have a lot of good people around you It's nice to have a kid like a baby around youㅠ
10,A movie that does not alienate even a dog raised by the main character. Everyone has a story, whether it's good or bad.
10,There is no ordinary person a heartening film
6,The story is well made with a warm feeling.
10,It's so touching!!!
10,I felt for the first time that a well-made movie is like this
7,It's just...It feels like a documentary
10,Good. End of one word. 123145
10,There is no ordinary man. Everyone deserves a round of applause at least once. Is there another movie this warm, it was the best. The movie that I was so immersed in from the beginning that I cried the whole time.
10,It's so touching. (G)I-DLE would love to see it!~~^^
10,The calm happiness and emotion that this movie gave me!!
7,It's a touching and envious story. Some people get hit with the lottery and some people are born with congenital diseases. It's not the result of anything. It just happens. After that, how you accept and live determines what kind of person you are.
10,Realistic but unrealistic and just as good
9,Can Korean children be like this? A world dominated by bullying and bullying.
10,I think this movie is a movie that makes wise sayings and instills courage Actually, when I was told to show it at school, I thought I should just sleep, but I was so impressed by the beginning of the movie that I watched it all the time, and I respect Eogi and his parents so much
10,This movie is worth 100 points.
10,A special movie where everyone is the main character
10,Watch a warm movie with kids
10,A movie that gives good prejudice to overcome prejudice!!!The best compliment for this movie
10,ㅠㅠ It's my first time to cry all the time.It's the best!!! a small angle
10,A movie with a smile and tears
10,It's a movie that makes people beautiful!
10,My favorite movie...I'm leaving a comment for the first time
10,A film that is all outstanding.One more star thanks to the handicap!
10,I can't believe I don't know you're so cool
1,The movie has a happy ending, and the reality is a gutter
10,'' The best movie of my life
10,"Among the movies I've seen, the one I want to watch the most"
8,It's not as much as Shawshank escape...Why is this number one...--
10,A movie of my life. A movie that makes me think about what kind of parents I should be.
9,I can't believe I just saw this movie.
10,Each and every heart is so pretty that I'm crying ㅠㅠ
10,Wow, I cried 10 times while watching it.A movie that expresses the hearts of children with disabilities, parents, brothers, and friends so well.
10,This is a real masterpiece.
10,It's 100 times more touching! It's the best
10,The lines from the movie were usually cheesy. But they made me cry. Actually, I think I wanted to hear this
10,Everyone who's fighting hard, let's be hip!
10,It's the most memorable movie I've ever seen and want to watch again! In the last part, I was so happy that I cried!
10,The directing method that shows each person's position on misunderstanding makes them more immersed in the movie
10,I'm touched all the time I see you. This is what life is all about.
10,Be sure to watch and be kind to others. Be that kind of newsletter
10,...the best movie. I'm so touched by the movie I've seen recently.
8,I think 8 points is enough
10,My eyes were teary all the time I was watching. It's just the best.Each and every person's emotions are well expressed and their acting skills are amazing. It would have been nice if the director here directed a webtoon of a middle school girl
10,친절한 행동은 큰 도움이 된다.
10,"Greatness" does not come from strong power, but from the right use of power.
10,The moment you met your friends comfortably, tears...
10,I'd like to express my gratitude to the staff and actors who made this great movie
10,I think I can help him open his eyes to his heart
8,Innocence, like children's eyes, never ending. They expressed beauty through their eyes.
10,The best movie of my life. Cute baby looks are a bonus
10,Thank you for making this movie
10,It was so memorable and I got choked up the whole time
10,Even in unintended areas, tears form one drop at a time. Throughout the movie, it makes me face the scars of my life that I forgot and heals me again.
10,Juyeon is really good at acting
10,A movie that taught me a lot
10,It is the best movie in the world
10,What are the criteria for evaluating journalists and critics? Is it that hard to see and feel as it is?
10,A really good movie. If you want to know a movie that's good to watch, I'll recommend it a hundred times
10,I fell in love with Jack Will's acting. "If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness." I get it because I'm old.
10,The story of a good parent and a good child education and a stronger family than anyone else
10,It was a warm movie and it made me think
10,It's a movie that I really enjoyed. A warm movie. ^^
10,A movie that makes you realize the importance of friends
10,Each line of the lines really makes me reflect on myself.
10,It's a meaningful story, but it's also funI like every scene without being forcedI recommend it
10,In reality, it would be very sad, but it looks like Julia Roberts
10,I'm so moved^^
10,a fishing gear with quiet power It's a happy movie
10,This is a must-see movie
9,It was better because it wasn't just a story.
10,I was able to think about kindness and rightness
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
6,It's a touching story, but the whole movie is a bit sloppy. Miranda and Via throw hot material and disappear without knowing. Julia Roberts' Ph.D. thesis is also out of the blue, and it's really far-fetched that Eogi gets a special award at graduation.
10,The movie that I watched deeply(?)
10,Everyone deserves to be noticed at least once in their life.
10,The most touching. The most beautiful feeling.
7,That's cool.bb
10,I just saw it as Catchon, and it's a warm and healing movie. Of course, there are people who think it's like a fantasy, but it means that society is desolate right now.  I wish I could have watched 5 million movies like this even if I couldn't make it to 10 million.
10,I cried a lot while watching it. Am I the only one crying?ㅠㅠ Why the kids are so funny and cute lol Why the lines are so many good words, healing movies, fun, and friendships, and family relationships
10,I was happy to see such a great and great movie!
6,Can you understand why this has a high rating?  People are not so conscientiousPersonally, with God was much more touchingHowever, I think the reason why this movie has a high rating is that the Korean people are still pureThey got 10 points
10,A movie that is so pretty~ ♡ A movie that makes you cry and laugh at the same time
10,My life movie - admit it?
10,Then why did you sit here? Because I want to make good friends.
10,I downloaded it and it's the best movie
10,It was impressive. The kids are so good at acting and the story is so good. If I were that mother, I would look at it thinking if I could do that. It's a good movie.
10,I liked it because it was like a moving movie
10,Such great teachers and friends...This is FANTASY...But a movie that heals just by watching it.
10,10 points, 10 points, 10 points, 10 points, 10 points
10,Such a beautiful and touching movie
10,All the characters in this movie are lovely
10,After watching the movie, my heart feels full of something! It's a really warm and nice movie.
10,I never left this behind. I think it's a really good movie, so I leave itKing recommendation
10,I don't need the best words I'm so touching
10,It's a movie that makes me think that I should be a parent like this parent
10,Everything is lovely for a moment, happy throughout the heartwarming movie, touching tears continue to flow true healing movie
10,The best movie I want to give 10 more points
10,It is a movie with sophisticated editing and contents. It's rare for a movie with kids to be this good
10,It was touching. I recommend it.
7,It's a human family movie that stimulated the tear glands. But it's not fun
10,A movie full of beautiful and calm emotions that you will never regret
10,A heartwarming movie! It was the best movie I've seen recently. If you tell me to say your favorite movie, I'll think of this movie
10,I watched it out of curiosity...I think it's going to be the best movie of the year. It makes my heart warm
10,Everyone has his own circumstances.
10,I think confidence is made of love!It's so touching. ㅜㅜ
10,I don't know how long it's been since I smiled around my mouth while shedding tears.
10,I thought it was the main character, but everyone was the main character. The line that everyone deserves to be applauded is impressive
10,My eyes changed like macaroons because I cried all the time. I don't know why I cried.3 movies you want to see when life is grayish. La La Land, Big Fish, Wonder.
10,It was so touchingYou just have to lookBe kind
9,Even if I don't remember the story, I'll be ashamed of my warm heart and humble gaze for a long time.
10,It is a very moving movie.
10,I wish I knew a good movie sooner
10,Everyone seems to be worthy of an example. From your family, your sister's friends, your friends, teachers...
10,I hope you all watch it It's a really really good movie.
8,It wasn't a warm and obvious composition, so it was good
10,I saw a great movie. Wonder!@@@
10,What a good movie ㅠㅠ다
10,We can't change. Let's change our perspective
10,I met my favorite movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠHow much you cried ㅜㅜ 보세요 Make sure to watch it crying
10,Wow ^^ This kind of movie lacks perfect score
10,It's the best movie ever Tears are falling down
6,It was so much fun in the beginning. It was uncomfortable to see that all but one of the figures were so kind as to pay for the fantasy LOL And almost all the characters can't get out of the cliché. I can't handle things properly. I felt that the development was fast
10,넌 정말 멋진 사람이야.
10,Everything was perfect in the whole movie
10,I was a kid who was ugly and thoughtlessly teased and disinterested when it came to special punishment. I was sorryNow, if I have difficult friends, I will help them first and be friends first It's really gonna be it This movie enlightened me a lottruth
10,I didn't watch it at the theater. I watched it recently. It's so touchingI regret why I didn't watch it at the theater
9,It's a healing movie with a lot of good words
10,I recommend a movie that all family members watch together.
10,A movie that can understand all the actions of all the characters. So I was more embarrassed while watching the movie that I could relate to.Make sure to watch it. I strongly recommend it.
10,If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness.I strongly recommend a movie that teaches you what kind of posture you should take when it comes to differences
10,It was so much fun It's a touching movie
10,It was a movie that warmed my heart the whole time I watched it. Log in to leave a rating. I hope that many movies like this will be made.
2,It's nothing more than a sentimental movie
10,A movie that started with tears and ended with tears ㅠㅠ So touching!!
10,Thank you for the good movie
10,Such a movie should be a movie with 10 million viewers, but the reality of the Korean film industry is regrettable. I was really touched. I'm grateful to be able to watch such a movie in my life. It's a movie that I really want to watch again. Thank you for the good movie.
10,moving, touching, stirring
10,It was good to contain the story of each person.
10,My mother always said. "If you don't like where you are, think about where you want to be"
10, be moved
9,There are true parents, teachers, and principals in America.
10,It's the best. It's fun
6,Well, I guess I was just like that's all. It was worth watching, but it wasn't fun.
10,It's the best I recommend it
10,It was so touching.
1,It's an emotional piece that instills false dreams for the disabled
10,It's a movie with a big echo.
7,Only the story was disappointing.
1,A classic emotional overstatement
10,A movie that makes me look back on myself, a movie that made me feel sad and grateful throughout the movie screening.
10,Why did I watch this now?
8,It is worth applauding for the message this movie delivers. However, since the movie is a little obvious and the lives we live are not all this mild, we may feel repulsed by overly soft stories. Like Martian. But will the moral book be less valuable just because they are obvious?
10,Now that I'm watching this movie, I'm so touched and healed
10,It's very warm. My life's work
9,I don't agree with your kind comment,
10,The movie is really good!I'm so touched!
10,The touching story, which can be easily felt, is not forced, but really naturally solved so that empathy is good. A good movie that wraps up with a calm and warm atmosphere.
10,Oh, so touching. I remembered the days when I was immature to be nice to my friendsA movie that gives you a lot of feeling.
10,A good movie to watch with children. A movie with touching and lessons.
10,I feel that the foundation of a child is a parent again. I hope there are many movies like this
10,I only think it's great to be able to draw such a beautiful view of a child with a disability. A movie that must be shown to our children!
1,I was fooled by the rating, and I got $ by the rating.
10,I'm touched in many ways.
10,Oh, it's an interesting movie Not more than with God
1,It's a good movie. But the best movie...
10,The movie expresses the emotions of the people around the disabled child well, and the actors who express the emotions well were very good.
10,A movie that reminds me of something I forgot in my life
9,A warm, specimen of 'the line' film. It was impressive that the narration came out from each person's point of view.  As Via's point of view, I wish the story could come out more. Maybe it's because of the ideal family environment.
10,I didn't expect much. Wow
10,Things that stand out don't mix well.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that made me cryㅜㅜ I'm sorry I didn't pay you to watch it
10,I want to go to the school where Mr. Tushman is.  a jewel-like movie
10,It makes me think again about appearanceism.
10,This is what you call a "movie
10,Everything was fine   It's an acting story
10,There is no need for words.  A must-see movie.
10,I missed you so much. I was going to watch it, but I finally did. As expected, it's more than I expected!
10,Choose kindness over right...We can't change our faces, so we have to change our perspective.Hey, fighting!
10,It's a movie about emotions that come from our lives, not forced emotions.
10,You are so blessed...
10,A movie that I want to keep. It's so good.
9,How to overcome your complex
10,You're just a normal person like us.
10,a film learned a lot from young children
10,I was so touched that I kept crying.I think it'd be good to watch it whenever you're depressedA really good movie!
10,A movie that is hard to judge by its rating. I learn a lot and learn a lot
10,You're the best!I want to be like your parentsㅜㅜ
10,It was the most touching movie I've ever seen, and I felt like I went back to the world of childhood
10,It was really good. Honestly, isn't it too touching at first? It must be an ordinary touching story where an unusual child finishes his school life safely. But even though the story was so ordinary, it touched me gently. Everyone said that they deserved to be applauded at least once. It was thumped
10,It was such a movie-like happy story that I wondered if such relationships would be possible in reality, but the joy of watching each child was very soft and comfortable.
10,I liked the movie OST that made my heart warm and it reminded me of flip
10,It's so touching!
10,There's no need for words. It's my favorite movie crying
10,I think everyone should see it. Let's reflect on ourselves.
10,Please say a line. A famous line.
10,It's Wonder, hoping to be somewhere. The character, direction, structure, and theme are all good works. It is a must-see work with loved ones such as family, lovers, and children. Thank you for the beautiful story on a sunny day.
10,It was so nice. It was so nice to read the book that lingered for a long time
10,Great movie. It's not everything that looks like a hopeful world from children's perspective, and I want to be like him and his friends.
10,a humanistic film that resonates greatly
10,I love this kind of movie.
10,An uncommon but common story of our growth.
8,It's a warm storyIt's fun.
10,I think it's a good thing I saw it. I need to remember the lessons from the movie
10,It's been a long time since I've had such happy tears
8,I hope all disabled people overcome it and are happy
10,A movie that everyone should watch.
10,Hi, there. I was so happy.
10,It's been a while since I saw a proper movie.If you need healing... I recommend it
10,a masterpiece with the meaning of life
10,It seems to be the movie of life. Touching the heart the whole time I see you
10,Cheer up, the 'baby' of the world!
10,It's such a warm, beautiful, and touching growth drama. I was moved because I felt like my child throughout. It's been a while since I saw a nice and beautiful movie
10,Everyone deserves a round of applause at least once.I'm so touched by this comment. It's a movie that raised my self-esteem A really good movie
10,A movie that brings out a pleasant smile throughout the movie
10,The inside is more important than your appearance. Therefore, I should not try to improve my appearance but develop a good heart.
10,It's so much fun. I want to be like a friend like you He's so happy
10,Touching! Fun! Enjoying the movie after a long time!Thumbs up!
6,A boy breaks an egg.
9,The principal was cool. I wondered if there were any principals in Korea who were so determined about school violence.
8,You put all the moving elements in. It's not as dense as I thought and the content is it's sloppy?I do, but it's still fun
10,It's a story of a warm family and friendship
10,It's heart-warming the whole timeThe short parts of each main character were also good and highly recommended!
10,When you want to watch a healing movie, make sure to watch this. It's a real family movie where you can't find any forced feelings
10,I couldn't stop smiling while watching the movie that warms my heart
8,I'm still young...Well, when you're old enough to love, you'll have to experience another setback
10,If you feel something, it's time to do it. The movie is definitely the best :)
10,A wonderful family drama.  There is no such thing as a bad child. Bad adults, bad parents.
10,What would you watch if you didn't watch a movie like this?  It's a movie that's not only about external wounds, but also about inner wounds that anyone can have!!!
10,It is the best movie.
9,I think the reason why she was able to grow up to be such a bright child is because of the strong love from her family. A very, very wonderful family.And...Via, what a wonderful friend. Can I act like Via even if my situation was like that?
10,Am I the only one who's crying?
10,"We can't change our appearance, so we have to look at it."Everyone in the world deserves to be loved as a being. Our prejudices and prejudices are just blocking it!
10,This is the movie. ' A warm movie that tells the story of 'Sun'.
9,It is life that matures as much as it hurts.
10,My mom's smile all the time...^^ It's the movie of my life movie!
10,It's the best. A movie that I regret not seeing at the theater
10,It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie.The day will come when the prejudice of the world will disappear.
10,Personally, I think it would have been better if our friends, such as Jack Will and Summer, had received the award for courage and kindness. I think it is a necessary virtue for us in today's society. Kindness!
10,The little main character's acting is the best!
6,It's touching, but the production is messy, cheesy, and trying to solve it too easily
9,It's good for children' education.
8,A movie that reminds me of my family and friends
10,From the beginning to the end, tears around my eyes...
8,Hot growth drama of a disabled child. The way the story progressed was quite impressive as the perspective of the people around you, including the main character, changed.
10,Why did I cry from the beginning throughout the movie? There wasn't a single moment that wasn't touching. It's the best
3,The director gives the children a desperate situation and brutally tries to solve it with the most crappy and cliche solution.
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
10,The movie made me feel that parents are mirrors of my children once again
10,It was a healing movie. I enjoyed it from the beginning to the end
10,It's so nice. It's been a while since I watched a good movieWarm Movie ^^
10,There are a lot of good words. I think it'll be a big help for those who are tired and tired!
9,A true healing film, not a new school for a disabled child. There is no character that is not precious without a character that is consumed meaninglessly by focusing only on children.
10,It's so touching.There's a lot to learn from this movie^^
10,It's a movie I want to keep and watch. It was so nice to see each character's perspective.
10,I usually like SF and thriller, so I wondered if I could watch a movie of this genre well. I really didn't look at the clock the whole time.
10,It was the best movie to be with my family
7,They say the directing of the movie is pretty. It's like a one-dimensional fairy tale written by a high-class New York lady who sees the world so beautifully.
6,It's a loose film rather than expectations, but I'm glad that I tried to faithfully capture not only the boy but also the world around him and the reaction.
10,Throughout the movie, I was able to feel the emotions of "Them" and I cried, and the process of smiling at the bright smile of "Them" at the end was amazing I recommend it I hope you watch it
10,Her parents, Via, Jack, Miranda, every character seems to be alive and well. It was a heartwarming movie after a long time.
10,I looked back on my past life.
10,Julian's mom is more of a sight
10,It's a movie that I want to show to children who are having a hard time because of their friends in school. ㅠㅠ There were so many things that I sympathized with and it was instructive and touching
9,It's warm... I saw it because of Julia Roberts, but I fell in love with all the characters around me, not just the kid.
8,The movie's development was too contrived to be touching, and it felt like there were too many unnecessary things.
10,It's like a developed country. Advanced mind and advanced education.
10,It was the most meaningful movie I watched recently
10,Among right and kind, there was a great echo of the words to choose kindness. Besides the main character's point of view, I personally liked it because it was released from her point of view. I think that the strong couple and the family atmosphere of respect for each other bravely raised Eo-gi.
10,Your actions are your monument. The miracle of life happens when the brave face absurdity, not when anyone gives it.
10,It's the best movie you should watch with your children. I was even more moved because all the actors were in the movie with their emotions.The movie I want to keep... Wonder...
1,Yap yap! Get attacked by Yap yap!
7,I want to bring him to my house and ask my mom to cook ramen and play a game with him.
10,It's a movie that I finally watched because of my university assignment. It's a movie that makes me regret why I watched it now. It's the best movie ever.
10,After watching this movie, we felt that we need to understand and look at everyone's life in a positive way.
10,It's a touching and interesting movie.I'm very satisfied. It's a movie that I want to recommend!!^^haha
10,The movie is really touching. I regret seeing you late.
10,A movie that I want to keep...!I watched it with my kids and it was a really warm and touching movie
10,Throughout the movie, I watched the stories of various characters from their eyes, so I was more immersed, understood, and moved...Let's live in a pretty world where we can see, hear, and enjoy pretty things.I'll try, too
10,The movie was the best, and the child actors' acting was great, and Miranda was pretty.
10,It's a very moving movie! This movie is number one
10,I think it's a good movie It's funny and funny in between as well as teaching a lesson lol I wish the main character was my younger brother It was so cute that I smiled like a mom all the time ㅜㅜ
10,I watched it with my son, and I think I'm more moved
10,It's touching...
10,If I have a child, I want to show it to you
10,Not ordinary, special child. a miracle
1,I know it's a movie that teaches a lesson, but why is the rating so high?I wasn't that impressed.  I envy the educational environment in America
9,There were many lessons from the movie, but there were p2p sites. I purposely went to the independent movie theater and paid for it Anyways, I enjoyed it Haha
10,I recommended it and it's really touching
10,I'm watching, and it goes without saying, it'
10,The movie is beautiful, more than my wife
10,Isabella is so pretty ㅠㅠ
10,It's really touching to watch with my family
10,It's not because I'm sad, but because it's so beautiful, I think it's a must-see movie!
10,It was the best. Thank you for watching this movie
7,I realize once again how important the environment is.Middle-class parents, a harmonious family, and an understanding and kind sister are already golden spoons and lucky to have friends like Jack Will, schools and adults with the right educational background.It is already living in a miraculous environment, which makes it seem unrealistic.
10,It was a good movie that made my heart warm.
10,A good movie, a pretty fantasy movie where all the characters have their own circumstances. Sometimes I want to watch such a warm movie.
10,It's the best to meet your favorite movie
10,It's a movie of my life. It's so touching and I recommend it to my acquaintances.
10,Everyone has their own beauty and style. It's such a wonderful movie of my life that I showed it through a breakthrough. The best
10,Even if you look different from me, you have to be close
10,It's warm...
10,It's a heart-warming movie
1,Too high rating, monotonous, plain story
1,This is the rating for rating adjustments The 3rd place is too high.
10,A movie that's likely to happen in real life.
10,You made such a touching story.
10,A heartwarming movie. It was nice to have the inside story of each character. I watched it with a happy smile all the time. I strongly recommend it!
10,I don't know if it's just me, but the main character in this movie is so cute!
10,Touched by tears and laughter ㅠㅠ Omnibus style, so I empathize more with the character
10,The way we respect each other
1,It was fun, but ratings are too high. Let's make a little bit.
7,Of course, it wasn't boring, but strangely, it was like a movie trying to impress our country.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie worth 10 points. It's a story and composition. It's a really well-made and touching movie
10,Let's overcome everything!
10,Please watch a movie with a kid that has a lot to learn and is fun
10,Definitely one of the best movies of my life. TOP3!!!
10,I bought a book after watching a movie ^^
10,Maybe it's because I'm your mom, but I'm more into it I'm so touched
10,I have a lot of thoughts while watching it with my children. The children seemed to feel a lot of things even if they didn't explain it.
10,The best movie! It warms my heart
10,I don't know where I cried, but I cried a lot anyway. I am grateful to my singer for recommending a good movie. I support everyone who fights hard, including myself.
10,One of my favorite movies has been added to the list.
10,It was a movie that made me tear up the whole time I watched it. It was also very good to tell the story from multiple perspectives.
10,I'm not the only one having a hard time. There's no reason for anything. It's the best movie that makes you realize that everyone has their own reasons and stories
9,We're all the stars of our lives
1,Uh... Salaxe...이This
10,It's touching. It's a movie that makes you realize once again that you can change your perspective, not your surroundings.
9,It's a really good movie I am an adult now, but I look back on myself for keeping my weak friends away from me when I was young. I don't know when I'm going to die, but I still have more time to live, so if I meet a friend who's having a hard time, I really want to live like Jack Will
10,A happy and warm movie. I could feel that the world could still be warm. I don't know the meaning of my tears that have been flowing nonstop.
10,Everyone deserves a round of applause at least once!
10,It was a very moving movie after a long time.  I shed tears, but it wasn't because I was sick, but because it was beautiful, the sad story was so good
10,A movie that is fun, touching, and teaches many lessons
8,It was a little boring to induce a happy ending in the second half, but overall I was satisfied. It shows how important the environment surrounding the child is. Eat and share your day's work, listen to your problems, give advice, joke like a friend. If you're a parent, you're gonna be like your parents
10,A movie that must, must, anyone, watch in this day and age.The real reason why we need comments.
10,A heartwarming and loving movie.If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness
10,I miss the warm love in the movie. I want to be with them.
10,Crying the whole time ㅠㅠ Crying
10,A movie that tells you how important a precious person is
10,To the old friends who missed it due to a small misunderstanding,
8,If you have to choose between transfer and kindness, it is very warm to say that you choose kindness. And it was more impressive and good because it was not just for one person, but a movie that looked back at everyone's eyes.
10,I envied the family's atmosphere and moderate humor, and it was nice to show my affection for my mother, father, and sister, and "every word was like a gem."
8,It draws sympathy well by keeping an eye on the main characters. However, there are so many things to talk about that the story becomes long and blurred. Warm humanity is beautiful.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie with a good vibe. It's a movie that makes you think that appearance is not the standard of evaluation
10,A very warm and lovely movie. It's a shame I didn't see it in the theater.
10,It's such a warm movie How many times did you cry? moving
10,It's a movie that made me cry from start to finish.Thanks to this, you'll be more surprised to think about what family is, what friends are, what brothers are, just children's movies
10,It's fun!!! All the time I watched it, I remembered my school days, too
10,Thanks to you, I've got a new life, thanks.
9,If you don't express love, it will end up with misunderstanding, but when you express it with honesty, the relationship between us develops further. Through the conflicts and concerns of children with disabilities and those around them, we ultimately solved the events that are easily accessible to people around us.
10,Fighting! Fighting to all the people in the world!♥
10,I saw it on Kakao Talk. It's really good. Make sure to watch it It's a great movie to watch twice and three times They gave me a ride to the movie theater I saw yesterday
10,I cried and laughed. A movie that leaves a deep impression on you. I love you, baby
10,I hope everyone in the world has an eye for inner beauty.
10,I feel a lot of things. It is a beautiful movie. I kept looking at the watch because I didn't want the movie to end all the whole time
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's the best. I just loved it.
10,It was so good, it was a movie that had a lot of echo.
10,Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
10,It's so touching. If you're watching a movie, I hope you watch it with your family
10,The consideration of a friend who looked like Sistar Bora stood out.
10,I really enjoyed it Moving and clean movies... I hope the promotions go well.
10,Throughout my life's best movie, I thought I wanted the sequel to come out.
10,It's a must-see movie for everyone.
7,It's a small miracle that not just one main character, but all the characters grow up together
10,It contains various stories from various perspectives, and it's a movie that I can relate to. It was so nice because it was warm and hopeful. It was the bestㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,It's touching but fun!
10,the best heartwarming movie
10,This is a real movie. After I watched it, I reflected on it a lot and there are a lot of course
10,It was a movie that really made me look back and felt comforted. I keep crying while watching ㅠㅠ
10,It's the best movie of my life that's touching, fun, and has a lot of wise sayings
10,If I become a parent, I want to be a parent like a baby
10,I felt a lot of things and it's touching.
10,A movie that everyone wants to see
10,I resent myself for watching Wonder and the Great Showman with God.
10,Make sure to watch it. I was really touched.
10,Applause! Applause! Applause!
9,If you want to know who he is, you just have to look at him
10,If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness~~
10,It's a movie that makes me feel good
10,It's the best. I want to show them^^
10,A movie that makes you reflect on yourself. The characters are all lovely.
10,I saw it on the cafe and I cried and laughed while watching it I've been feeling pretty depressed lately, but I feel much better watching the movie It was especially good that he painted the stories of other characters as well
10,It's the best movie Really
10,The most touching movie I've seen recently, and it makes me think about how I've lived
10,It's a movie where tears don't dry up from the beginning to the end
10,I was touched when I saw Billie Elliot. It's too bad that I just saw a good movie.
10,I want to recommend it to kids who have a hard time adjusting to a new environment
10,I'm so touched that I can be kind to people who fight hard.
10,If I cried more than 10 times, it's the first time I cried this movie
10,My favorite movie that I watched recently
10,It's obvious, but I can't control my mind
10,It's literally healing. Summer and Jack Will. A movie that I want to keep and take out whenever I have a hard time... A movie where everyone in the movie grows up.
10,I cried the whole time It's been a while since I watched a good movieAlthough it may be a happy ending in the movie, I hope everyone who watched it will change their thoughts and actions!^^ I'll do my best too
10,The reason why tears are flowing without Shinpa.
10,Everyone in the world is the main character.
8,I feel like I saw a good parenting textbook Good parents come first
10,Tears flowing for no reason. It was a healing movie that lingers in my mind. :)
10,A movie that everyone in the world wants to watch... I hope it's a better world.
10,It's such a great movie.a delightful, moving, and healing film
10,It's touching. I almost cried from the beginning and I think it'll be a movie that reminds me of it In the meantime, Jack is handsome and I really liked how society should change, not how it should change
10,A beautiful, fun, touching movie to watch!!!
10,I really want to see all of this movie. It's a masterpieceㅠㅠT
10,I strongly recommend it. I was watching it on the plane and my eyes were runny, so I was embarrassed to see the person next to me. It's a shame that there were 250,000 domestic viewers. The children are cool, but the teachers at the school, including the principal, are cool, so I wanted to send my child to this school.
10,The power to live in the world, love, and the movie that earned me so much
8,A movie that makes you want to be a warm-hearted person If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness. Love is the answer
10,The best movie of my life. A healing movie
10,What is the movie? The rating of Korean movie is unimaginable. I just saw it and cried and laughed and enjoyed it, and I don't really rate it. It's really my life...
10,"Be kind to everyone who fights hard.If you want to know who he is, you just have to look."It's more than touching. It's the best movie ever!" It's a must-see movie that doesn't need any words.
10,It's just a good mouth. Please watch it
10,the thrill of many moments   Miracle Wonder
10,ㅠㅠ감 I'm so touched ㅠㅠ
10,I watched it through recommendations. I was so thankful.It was very impressive to say that if you could choose between kindness and rightness, do kindness.
10,It's a movie that's very touching.
9,Auggie is 'Wonder' Boy. Auggie's family is Wonder Family. The love of a warm family makes Auggie's great inner self, and the person who tastes the great inner self is transmitted to Auggie and turned into a warm person.
10,It's my first time crying throughout the whole moviecrying
10,The top three in my life...It's the best movie ever
10,A fishbowl with facial deformities is just one of his many characteristics. You are good at science and you make your friends fun.
10,Even though there are no sad scenes, why do I keep crying until the middle and the second half of the movie?
10,It's my life movie ㅜㅜㅠㅠ
10,The movie gave me courage and consolation. My heart got so warm
10,It's a great movie. It was a movie full of tears of emotion and a happy smile in the long wheat.
10,It's a very moving movie, but it doesn't force you to sniffle. It's calm but not boring... I really enjoyed it.
10,I should not miss any more precious things in my life.
10,'It's impossible for you to change your appearance. That's why we have to change our perspectives." I've been watching it every day since I left work all week. Jacob's performance is great, and his grinning face keeps ringing in my ears. It's a great movie. I'm going to watch "Room" today.
10,Learning life from 5th grade! I'm so sorry I didn't see you in the theater.You can watch it 10 more times.The movie of my life! Wonderia wonderful!
10,Heartwarming movie children are so pure and lovely. There's a lesson and a good movie to watch with your family! A film that was a bit more wrinkled in Notting Hill, but warmed up by Julia Roberts' smile
10,A warm movie that gives strength to people who are going through difficult times.
10,You don't have to change the world, you have to change your perspective
10,I think it's a movie that made me realize that changing the world is not difficult ㅠㅠ
10,Oh, Kuhn's acting is getting better
8,Thank you for making it for me This kind of movie!
10,It's a great movie. A must-see movie in your life
10,Wonder is created by supporting actors, not just the main characters, and the process is desperate but beautiful
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The ability to solve obvious materials is outstanding. A warm miracle movie that lives a hard life but never gives up being good people. A story of hope that would have been a reality. I hope it's warm like this in the movie.
10,A movie that reminded me once again that ability is more important than appearance! Jack Inum, honestly, would we have gotten close if you didn't know how to study and do anything else? Appearance is a moment, and ability erases and exceeds it, so don't always neglect to cultivate and improve your skills!
10,I love this kind of movie. It's really great.
10,The movie that made me look back on myself was so touching ㅠ
8,Honestly, I'm uglier than you
10,Every single line of the movie is so pretty. "No words needed is the best."
10,There was nothing bad about the movie
10,Good. It's just a must-see movie
7,I thought it would be an obvious new drama, but it was made in a different way. With Chromebook, Minecraft
10,I'm touched. Mom, dad, sister, friends, principal, acting. That's a trick I recommend you to watch it
1,Ugh! Totally no GEM. What a waste of tomorrow!
10,I happened to watch it without any information about the movie. It was a really touching movieIt showed the inner side of the characters well, so it was great to watch it with the kids I watched it with the kids yesterday on Children's Day, and it felt more touching It's so touching! It's a movie that I'm thankful for
10,The story of all of us who sympathize with the pain...
10,It's a movie that makes you realize what true courage is
10,I dedicate this movie to everyone who has shown courage and kindness to the world.
10,Are you happy to see a good movie after a long time?^^ And I won't be prejudiced and live a happy life with a grateful heart
10,I want to work in this kind of movie industry.I feel like I've changed my childhood the whole time
10,Yeah, maybe I'm not a normal person either.
10,It's calm and not boring. It's fun
10,I don't know how many times I stole tears. A heartwarming and touching movie.
10,It's a really warm movie~~~
10,Every word of the line was touching.
10,It's heavy. In the end, everyone is the same person.
10,It's been a while since I last saw a movie that touched my heart
10,I watched it with my son who was 512. If you have children, please watch it together. It warms my heart.
10,Everyone has pain and suffering, but it is up to me to sanctify through it. It's an adult fairy tale that I want to share with children.
10,The face is a map of our path, a map of our path
10,The Earth's universe is the brightest planetWith such a lovely and warm family, friends, and teacher beside you.
10,아주 아주 잘했어.
10,The kindness in the world that my children want to achieve as they grow up is contained in this film.It's a great movie.
10,It's a great and happy movie that not only breaks the main character, but also tells each other's perspectives
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie Everything is sweet :)
7,A calm film illuminated by warm-hearted friends. Cheer up, baby.
10,I cried more than watching a sad movieI love you, baby
10,Strangely enough, I started crying
10,It's so touching. I wonder why I watched this kind of movie now...
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family
9,It resonates even more thanks to the surrounding images of people who do not understand others and only take their own positions. An anticancer drug that is perfect for cancer caused by individual selfishness and ignorance of others such as Dasan and Cho Hyun-min
10,It's so touching ㅠㅠ I cried while watching it
9,It's been a while since Julia Roberts came out. I really want to see it. If she chose...
6,Tears fall from emotion
10,If I have to choose between right and kind...Choose kindness
10,I'm going to add one more movie of my life
10,Seriously, this is the best movie of the year!
10,I hope every parent in the world will watch it once and it is the best movie I have seen recently.  I wish I were such a parent and it was a warm-hearted time.
10,It's a really good movie. Will there ever be a day like this?
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's the best movie of my life
10,경이로움을 느끼다
10,If I have a child, I want to be the same parent as Jack Will's.
10,Always ask yourself what kind of person you want to be and choose kindness when asked to choose the right thing to do.
10,I hope a lot of people know how I feel after watching the movieA great movie that shows that it's not wrong, it's different
10,The more we're together, the bigger it gets
10,A father with a daughter who is just a few years old! I think I should overcome my difficulties all the time and live like a family with great personality, mom, dad, Bia, Eogi!It's been a while since I was touched and my heart warmed up.Tears... I guess I'm old, too^^
10,It wasn't intentional sadness. It was good I love the way you draw the story. It's been a while since I watched a good movie
10,It's a warm, touching movie. A little baby gave me a lot of courage and strength
10,It's a must-see movie
10,I learned a lot from you I'm older than Jack and Summer, but I don't think it's enough for me to be brave, as opposed to Julian I will try to use my strength for honesty from now on, just as I said that strength is more important than strength!
8,A great film that resonates with all ages. Adults will be comforted when they see it, and children will reflect on themselves when they see it. As of today, another movie of my life was born along with 'Intern'.
10,It was a touching and heart-warming movie I strongly recommend it
10,It's a heart-warming story
10,Don't expect a friend like Jack Will or Summer by my side.Let's be friends like Jack Will and Summer first.
6,Just. You can learn a lesson if you watch it when it's soft.
10,I thought it would be a normal family movie, but it was nice to see a good movie after a long time. It was good that everyone felt like the main character, not just the main character, and each person was immersed and understood. It was a movie that reminded me of my friend who hurt others when he had a hard time
8,Normal... They're cute
10,I watched it without any expectations, but I even searched for it because I thought it was a true story of a well-made movie. I hope you take the time to watch it.
10,It is one of the 10 must-see movies before dying.
10,After the movie, I feel dazed and happy...
10,It's a watercolor-like movie that depicts the sorrow of a burnt child, the tearful love of the family, and the pain of the older sister. I watched it because my son begged me, and I was so moved that I recommended it to my friends. It's the best.
10,It's touching. It's a must-see movie for parents who are raising their children now.
10,I am glad that I am still a person who can be touched by this movie.
10,A movie that warms the heart and teaches many lessons.A movie where you can feel how important a harmonious family is
10,아주 멋진, 신나는, 훌륭한
10,I don't need to say anything else. It's my life movie
10,It's one of the top 3 masterpieces of my life ㅠㅠ It was a movie that made me want the movie to never end.
6,The movie that was disappointing because it ended without interest at night
10,It's been a while since I watched a healing movie.Beautiful family and friendship
10,I have a rating for the first time in my life. I want to live the rest of my life like this. That's how much I felt and learned
10,I'm so touched to watch it with my child.
10,It's warm. I want to dream of this kind of life.
10,I was choked up the whole time.Best movie I've ever seen this year!
10,Good, good. It's not about one person's position, but about many people's position, so it's easy to understand the character's mind
10,The most touching movie I've seen recently
10,This movie is definitely my life movieI cried for two hours It was heartbreaking, warm, and cozy
10,I reflected on myself for my unkindness.
10,Not enough time to love...
10,I want to applaud Eogi and me as a child, everyone who fights hard.
8,The ending is obvious.It's obvious that he's touched. I love this American familyist movie, though. Because what we need to aim for comes from the context of the lines. a good movie of great actors
10,There are two sides to everything.And it's really stupid to just ignore people
10,It's a great movie. I wanted to be a family like this. I learned that the child's confidence and courage stemmed from the love of the family.
10,I was deeply moved. If I become a mother, I want to be a wise mother like your mother.
6,I saw it once because the rating was high, and it was highly evaluated. Of course, it was touching, but the content was 8 points for outer domes, which was appropriate, so I lowered it because it was a high evaluation
10,Be kind to those who fight hard Ferry Sewol I thought of my family There are a lot of people who are struggling with the world I wish we could all be kind to them
10,I cried a lot while watching "Forced Touch X Forced Smile X Forced Empathy X." I couldn't take my eyes off it I think I watched it 5 times because I paid for it on Olleh TV.
10,To all of us who are in a tough fight... Let's be kind...♡♡♡
9,Great combination of good screenplay and good actors. I can feel the warmth
10,I wish there were many movies like this in the world
10,It's a must-see movie at school
10,The movie that made me cry and laugh the whole time. And made me look back on myself.
8,Jacob, the child actor...It's touching with smoke.
2,Movie theme: Money and smart, anything is possible!!
3,There are a few good lines, but the outer sea bream...Adding a few appendages to JooE's story doesn't make the movie rich
10,I didn't know it was such an elegant movie.
10,It's not weird. It's just a distorted and constructed perspective
10,"You can't change your appearance. So shouldn't we change the way we see it?"
10,A must-see movie before having a child
10,It's nothing.It is a great movie. I'm not forcing you to be moved.
1,The rating for a calm movie is too high
10,Use force correctly rather than strong force
9,It was warm, a movie where you can feel the director's view of the world.
9,It's so touching that I'm tearing up.
10,I got a warm and deep echo after a long time. It's a movie that makes me mature.
9,I was impressed by the phrase, "If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness." It seems to emphasize the importance of society living together.  It was good to know various thoughts and minds by showing stories from each person's perspective.
10,Let's change our perspective. It's not easy, but that's how the world is warm and worth living in.
10,It's my favorite movie. I hope there are many movies like this.
10,If you have to choose justice and kindness, choose kindness
10,Nothing goes too far, nothing goes wrong. On a day when the sun shines warmly, there are mountains, fields, flowers, butterflies, clear water, and the wind is calm. There are no weaknesses, no discomfort, and the body gets warm after watching. Wonder movie
8,Tears, runny nose. It's so touching
10,I shouldn't have seen it at dawn. I still can't sleep because it's lingering
10,It's a beautiful movie. Make sure you watch it
10,It was a movie that made me reflect on myself and healed my heart
10,A movie that I want to watch and talk with before getting married and having a baby and going to kindergarten or elementary school.But can I get married? 할
10,I can see the reason why there were so many compliments. It's a movie I want to keep.
8,It's nice, but it's normal. It's calm and fun
10,It was touching. Recommend.
10,A movie that heals you. A movie that makes you happy
10,I want to give more points to Jack Will Every line from the principal really touches my heart Our elementary school principals and teachers must watch this movie... ~~
10,If you have a friend like that, it's nice to watch a heartwarming movie after a long time
10,It was the most memorable movie I watched this year, and there was a lot to learn I was so moved that I cried. It's a great movie!
10,be warm-hearted A growing movie that makes both the characters and the audience grow.
10,It was perfect. I'm happy with the memories.
10,The movie is really good. It's overwhelming
10,Regardless of the appearance of the general public, we are all living through our own wars. We need to respect each other like that.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie with 10 points. Pure touching
10,I'm glad I didn't miss this movie. It's a tough fight, so...
10,I'm crying. And I'm happy to see you.
10,My favorite movie... Thank you so much for making this movieㅠㅠ A movie that you'll see over and over again!  For the first time in my life, I leave a rating. Make sure to watch it no matter what!
10,Well, I was young, but it made me reflect on myself. Eogi, Jack Will, Summer and many friends who are slowly growing up understanding the pain of the people around them. I couldn't swear at anyone while watching the movie. They were all me when I was a kid. I reflect on my life.
9,A story about the process of overcoming the gaze.It's touching and touching.
10,It's a movie that I will remember for a long time. It makes my heart warm I strongly recommend it!>_<
8,The movie is too calm for me. But the lesson is good.
10,It's my favorite movie. I strongly recommend it
10,I want to see you again. If I have a child, I want to see my child before I enter the schoolLearning Life from Movies
10,I cried throughout the movie, but I thought it was good to see it after watching it.  The main character's voice was so bright and lovely that I thought anyone could fall for it.Like the title of the movie, I thought it was a miracle. I watched a warm and touching movie after a long time!
8,Composition, probability, touching, fun, all good, Julia Roberts is also impressed with her acting
9,A movie that warms my teary heart.
10,It's lovely.
7,A movie where adults feel a lot of things.
10,I recommend it to families who raise children
10,The most touching movie. At first, the scary eogi gets cute, touching, and stimulating the tear glands.
10,It was such a perfect movie that it felt unrealistic
10,The most memorable and smiling movie I have seen in recent years
9,All family members are great.
10,Personally, I want to make a lot of movies like this
10,Tears continue to flow during the movie.  "If you want to know who it is, you can keep looking at it." It's not that it's a monster because it's different from others, it's just that it's special and they don't appreciate it.  Give courage to everyone with disabilities in the world.
10,If you haven't read this, please do.
10,The best family movie. Crying and laughing.  A movie that is very helpful for parents raising children. ^^
10,Children can do wrong because they don't know, but I think it's up to parents to fix it and lead it in a good way. I felt that I wanted to be a parent who allows me to look at everyone with unbiased eyes
10,너는 의아해 한다.
10,I fell in love with a confident, smart, and kind baby.
9,I don't want to give a score because it's a story about someone who lacks something. Just as I saw it and felt it
10,What a wonderful movie.When choosing between transfer and kindness, choose kindness!
10,Don't think or speak recklessly unless you've been in his shoes. a tearful masterpiece
10,Touching. Touching. Touching, touching
1,It's not a movie that will be plastered with 10 points.
10,Just watch it. I don't regret it!
10,I strongly recommend a movie that I hope all parents who are moved and remain in the mood for a long time will watch at least once.
10,I hope those who raise children will watch it There are many elements of tears everywhere, and it feels like I watched a movie after a long time. I have friends who think, and I think of those who died.
10,The movie that I chose without any expectations. It was the best movie that left no regretscrying
10,If I were to pick the five movies that I was most impressed with before I died, the movie that would be in the top five
10,A movie that sheds tears for the first time in a long time.I see why Julia chose this.Even if it's not him, I really liked the stories of people around me
10,A really good movie! And a movie that I want to watch again! Thank you! Director!
10,I was touched and reflected on myself. ㅠㅠ...a healing movie
10,What a masterpiece. It was so much fun
9,I screamed as soon as I saw the trailer for the first time. I can't believe a very interesting novel! However, it is too bad that many small things are missing from the novel. I didn't have to put it in, but I was just disappointed because everything was like a gem for me. But it was fun!
10,I feel sorry for paying 4,500 won at home.Personally, I liked all the movies in 2017
8,It's not that you're ugly. It's just that the hearts of the people who see you are ugly
10,A movie you must watch before you die
10,I'm so touched. I love it
10,It was a movie that showed how to make our reality look like a movie, instead of having situations that can only be seen in movies. Be kind, look at the other person, and sometimes change my perspective. I remember the words of Eogi, who said, "There is no ordinary person."
10,The movie is beautiful and has a lot to learn from the perspective of children and parents.
10,Misunderstanding begins with a small crack depending on each situation. Nevertheless, they were clumsy but very truthfully courageous to ask for forgiveness. It's a movie with really cool people.
10,Unexpected romance. It's obvious but always touching
9,Beautiful movie that shines, I was happy as if I was in my warm arms. It reminds me of what's important between people ^^^...♡
10,Best movie in my life. 10 stars
10,Make sure to watch it. A movie you'll regret if you don't watch it
10,In the room and in Wonder, the main character's acting seems to be so touching. If Room was my life movie, it has become so precious to me that I can say Wonder now.
8,When a boy realizes his universe,
10,The best moments!It's really the best
10,It was a movie that made me think a lot. It's so funny
10,Uh, Jack Will, Summer and Julian.I felt grateful and respected because of the children who had bigger breasts than adults
10,If it was the best, it felt like I washed away the dirt in my heart
10,It sounds like fun. lol
10,After a movie, I automatically clapped my hands
10,What a heartwarming movie ^^
9,I think it's a message for everyone. A message to be kind to everyone
10,It was a great movie It's not a waste of money. Thank you
10,The use of dragons to squeeze out tears and snot somehow compares too much to the forced emotion.
10,The beauty of the world and the importance of education is really beautiful and the best movie as a father of one child
10,It's the best. Too bad there are many people who don't know this movie
10,It was all good, but it was best to imprint that parenting includes not only material but also mental. I'm always welcome to such a new drama
10,It was a movie that taught and enlightened a lot as a father of one child. I won't forget how grateful I am.
1,Adjusting the score. 8 points. Late stage is appropriate
10,It reminded me of my elementary and middle school days when I was teased by my peers for their appearance. Whenever I went home and cried and complained, my mom always gave me courage, but watching this movie, I thought for the first time about how much my mom's heart hurt at that time.It's a mental support for our children
10,The story development was particularly impressive. By reconstructing the story from the perspective of each character in the middle of a large frame as a whole, it was possible to know the hidden details of the characters in the movie. Maybe that's why he fell in love with the virtual world in the movie for 2 hours
10,I got goosebumps the whole time I watched it. The principal is the best
9,It's a movie that shows how moving people are from their point of view, not crying about the new faction
10,A movie that you want to show to (G)I-DLE
10,Parents who want to be like, children who want to have
10,It was a movie that made me feel overwhelmed
10,10 out of 10!
10,It's a must-see movie in my life!
10,The movie of my life that I will never forget
10,Hey, you're a special, wonderful kid.
7,It is a heartwarming movie, but it is a bit boring.I hope all the fish in the world can have hope...
10,I kept crying while watching it. It's the best.
10,It's such a good movie. Good, good
10,It's such a good movie. Good, good
10,My favorite movie. I want to give more stars  From the beginning to the end of the movie, the tip of my nose was choked up and I'm touched until the end
10,The movie that I felt and realized a lot.
10,It's touching. It's a movie that makes you cry.
10,It's been a while since I watched a heartwarming movie. I like this kind of movie.It's like Begin Again. Hahaha
10,It is the best movie that I will remember in my life.
10,It's a very moving and heartwarming movie, and I hope my disabled son will overcome it like a baby
10,A series of laughter and touching moments.
10,정말 아름다운 이야기야!
8,It was good to deal with the minds of all the characters. And I thought society would be better if people were common sense.
10,A movie that gives you confidence...
10,Everyone has their own backside and circumstancesIt's a warm and warm movie where each character's charm stood out Make sure you watch it
10,The first movie that gave me a rating
10,a heartwarming movie It was touching and fun.
10,I watched it with a child who was teased at school for being fat and depressed.It was a day when I couldn't do anything because my child and I were so hurt, but thanks to Wonder, I gained strength and courage again.I felt once again the power of movies that change the world and change people.
8,A movie that gives a warm ring to everyone who is tired and struggling.^
10,A movie in which everyone is the main character.
10,A movie that couldn't stop crying the whole time
10,When I was over 50 years old, I cried a lot while watching this movie.It's a beautiful movie.  It's touching, it's making me smile.It woke me up after a long time.
7,Wonder. Go to the world.
10,Jack Will is such a good friend. Thumbs up
10,Tears welled up in my eyes all the time I watched the movie.ㅠㅠ I've never done this before. It's the best
10,Best acting, best touching, best directing
10,It was a movie where everyone was the main character
10,It's such a warm and touching movie
10,It's touching. Tears
10,The best movie of my life. The movie that resonated deep down in my heart and shared my emotions, happiness, smile, and tears
10,It's a warm movie~~
9,a healing film Recommendation.
10,It could be a cliche ending, but I loved the process of solving it and the content of drawing without any adherentsEveryone is hurt and there's reason to be applauded
10,It's the best movie ever. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,It's funnier than Shawshank?
9,Greatness is not a strong force, but a proper use of it. The boy's behavior is great for touching and encouraging other people's hearts.
10,a moving and thought-provoking movie
10,Ah tears ㅜㅜ I have to show them when my child grows up.
10,I read Wonder and it was so much fun that I watched a movie. It was so touching and fun. Personally, Jack is so handsome and it's so nice to see you go to school hard. I thought I was ugly, but I think I learned to appreciate my appearance
2,The score is so high...
10,A good movie to watch with children. It warms my heart after watching it
10,A really well-made movie. It was the first time I felt sorry for the movie.
1,I'm going to take care of my GPA~~~~
10,I would be very happy if my son grows up to go to school and make great friends like you.I wonder what it feels like to be a mother and father who let their child go into the world. I felt like I was going to get so choked up that I cried.I need to cheer up.
10,Tears of emotion are better...
10,I'm sorry I didn't see you at the cinema But I paid for it and watched it I'll be watching Wonder in time with God.ㅜㅜ
10,I watched a movie that was like a movie after a long time
10,Hey, you're the best...
9,It was worth watching at least once
1,It's too high, too high
10,In the end, I thought that what I needed to have in my life was conviction and warmth. Not being conscious of what is right, being kind to those who fight hard. This seems to require courage and effort. The children were so nice and cute.L
10,A movie that makes you feel good. Everyone's the main character
10,Rather, it is a movie that adults who are dirty in the world should watch.
10,Boom boom, boom, boom...
10,a textbook for parents raising children
10,Every word of Eogi was like a gem, and the friends who approached Eogi looked shining Can I be like Jack or Summer?
10,The lines and quotes from this movie touched my heart. It was one of the few warm-hearted movies in my life.
10,"Be kind to everyone who has a hard fight. If you want to know who he is, just look at him." Heartwarming movie People learned many lessons when they saw inside rather than outside
10,It's such a warm movie. I want to see my loved one and show it to my child in the distant future. That's great.
10,A movie you want to keep for the rest of your life.
10,The main character is broken, but everyone surrounding it told me the core of what the movie was going to say  If I have to choose between right and kind, I will be kind and kind person
10,"If you choose between being right and being kind, choose being kind"
10,It's been a long time since I saw a meaningful and touching movie. Thank you.
10,I want to learn from my mom Good
10,a textbook of living life
10,I want to be a mother like this, I want to educate my children like this, and I want to live in this family. I strongly recommend it.
10,It was a ten-point movie. I watched it after paying for it, and it was a movie that gave me a lot of messages, which was not a waste of money. I was very touched. I highly recommend it.
10,My favorite movie! I watched the movie with tears in my eyes because each line touched my heart.a film worth keeping
10,It's more touching because it's a movie that I can relate to.There are no ordinary children in the world It's just that it's a little special, but I know if bullying and school violence are more serious these daysIt was heartbreaking to see Julian's parents I'm sure there are parents like this in reality rather than in moviesIt made me think a lot
10,It's so touching. A movie that makes me cry even if I watch it two or three times
10,It was amazing It was so touching
10,If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness.
8,A good family movie. A movie that I want to show (G)I-DLE
10,A movie that you must watch at least once in your life
6,I hope there are more movies like this that can change your perspective
10,Don't worry about it. Just watch it You won't regret it
10,'A person's appearance doesn't change.So change your perspective,' 'Choose kindness if you choose between right and kindness,' 'Face is a map that represents a person,' 'Everyone deserves applause at least once.'Really. Each line is heart
10,I didn't cry because I was sad. I was so moved that I sobbed all over my senses
10,a heartwarming movie
10,The best movie ever!It's so touching
10,Because there are good people, the world rolls and life continues. The world of all of us, not anyone's.
10,It's a touching movie. It's a movie that you must show your childYou're the best!
9,A family movie that must be seen, not in the same situation, but I can relate to all the characters.
9,It's a heart-warming movie ^^
10,There's not a moment when I didn't cry
10,I don't have a child yet, but if my child is in that situation... I was so immersed in the thought that I could watch it. It's such a warm-hearted family story. Tears welled up in my eyes.
10,A movie like a miracle that shines so warmly
9,It's a good movie for the whole family to watch together that feels like our lives and lives are in this one movie.
10,I need to be brave like you. I need a friend
10,It is interesting. You can see the American culture
10,It was the best, tough as a fish. Kindness wanted to grow up like Jack Will.
10,It's been a while since I shed tears. I watched a good movie. It's the best! Happy tears!
10,It's really fun and touching ㅜㅜ black
10,A must-see movie! A warm movie that makes you think about everyone's position and circumstances
1,It's not that good
9,A very kind movie in the world. Roberts' smile is still attractive!
10,From the beginning to the end of the movie, tears came out of my eyes
10,It is a heartwarming movie. I felt better after watching a movie like this.
10,A movie that I want to watch with my child if I have one.
10,All I can say is that you're the best.Make sure to watch it!
10,I've seen this movie twice! I usually don't watch dramas or family movies, but thanks to this movie that I happened to watch, I'm looking for warm movies in the drama genre :) It's a warm movie that can affect values. It's a movie that everyone should watchHaha
10,It's a moving movie without shedding a tear and the way you treat others. I should change it first
10,It was a miraculous and touching two hours It's a life movie where we can portray family, friends, and life in each other's hearts with tears and laughter
10,You really need to watch movies like this with your family.
10,A film that shows true kindness
10,You'll know the movie just by looking at the other reviews It's the best from the perspective of various characters who are touching and deep
10,It's a shame that this movie is buried in another movieIs it because there aren't that many theaters? It's so touching that the number of viewers disappeared. I want to recommend this movie to other people
10,It's a book that I read deeply in the past, but it's another touching story from the movie and the video.
10,I wanted to see you again and again.
8,The moment when the universe of individuals and the universe of others are combined
10,I downloaded it for 10,000 won. What a waste of money...I think each person's feelings were shown well, not just being touched. Greatness is nothing but the courage to fight.I cried a lot.Make sure to watch it!
7,Frick's social adjustment...
10,Best movie ever! You look different but you look happy.
10,It was really touching. I think it's the first time I've seen a movie like this since I found happiness.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I want to go there and live there
10,a heartwarming film that teaches a lesson
10,If you can choose between right and kind, choose kindness
10,There is no need for words. It's the best.
10,After getting married, I ate fruits with my parents and watched a heartwarming movie with my whole family focused until the end
10,Healing...! I'm touched while watching it.It's a movie that makes me emotional and makes me smileHah!
10,When you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness.I've been thinking that this might be a really necessary lesson for this era. I think it's a good movie where I can think back to the reality where I don't lose money and live well by living selfishly
10,a heartwarming movie A must-see movie if you haven't seen it yet.
8,It's very touching. It's fun.
10,It's the best. It's a good movie to watch several times. It contains important and valuable things that cannot be contained in words.
8,The movie that will be talked about more over time. The heartwarming story is good, but the actors will be floating a lot in a few years as a child actor. Good visuals and good acting
10,The movie that made me so happy from beginning to end
10,당신은 경이입니다.
7,I think I'm trying to say that in the end, everyone has a good side I like this positive message, but I don't know
10,It was fun. (9-year-old son's review)
10,I want to raise her as a daughter like Summer, Jack WillI'm a kid who looks inside without prejudice
9,I want to live a happy world filled with people like this and movies like this
10,It's touching. ㅠㅠ I read it when I was young, but it's a new movie
10,It's a really warm movie. It's a good movie full of people.
10,It was much more fun than I thought and it was a warm movie
10,It's been a long time since I cried a lot while watching it. Although it was fiction, above all, the strength of that child heated my heart and I was ashamed of myself. I hope all Auggie in our society will be filled with warm people like that
10,Now I've seen this amazing movie. All the time I've been watching it, I've been smiling, I've been crying
10,It's a lesson that only pretty and handsome casts come out, but it's a well-made movie that reminds me of
10,I was able to immerse myself more deeply by describing not only the main character but also the stories of the surrounding people related to the main character.Eogi was not the only main character.In the end, everyone had a story and everyone was the main character.
10,What it looks like isn't everything
9,Is this movie a drug? How can you make me cry just by watching the preview?
10,It was a favorite movie, the friendship between Eogi and Will.The whole time I saw the warm stories around me, I was crying
10,It is a movie that gave a lot of inspiration and learning. I wish there were more movies like this.
10,I've been reading every line in my heart. ㅜㅜ I'm touched!
10,I think it'll be the best movie of my life
10,I cried a lot, but those were tears of joy and emotion. It's a great movie that keeps smiling I hope it will be a kind and warm world for everyone.
10,It's a good movie I recommend it
10,A movie that makes you look back on what family love is. The movie that made me cry because I could feel the mother's heart of sending her sick son to school. The movie that my son loved and was comforted. The movie that was good about all the process of releasing thoughts and minds from each perspective.Ida.
10,Lowering the wall of prejudice is not easy, but breaking it is the beginning and the end of greatness.
10,I thought it was a tear-jerking movie, so I put it off and watched it.It was a good movie that I could enjoy after a long time.Throughout the movie, I felt a lot and thought about it again.If there are people who haven't seen it, I'd really like to recommend it.
10,There's no need for words. Just look. It gives you the courage and strength to reflect on yourself and make the world beautiful.
10,After watching the trailer, I thought it was just a common movie for a disabled child to confront the world, so I didn't expect anything at all. Ha... It's a movie that tells the child how to live and what kind of adult to set an example for the future.
10,a heartwarming movie
9,모두가 힘든 싸움을 하고 있으니 친절하게 대해주세요.
10,You have to change your perspective. It's not different here
10,It's an eternity. It's a shame that a movie that gives warmth disappears soon after it's released. It's one of the best movies in my life, not recently
10,Oh, you were a room baby.
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,Hey, Via, Jack Will, Summer, and Julian, I hope you all become great adults
8,Since it's a movie, it's a happy ending like a fairy tale.
10,It's one of my favorite movies
10,Wonder is such a wonderful movie.
10,I hope many people will watch this movie by chance.
1,What Hollywood does best
9,It's a movie that warms your heart-warmingI'd like to recommend it to everyone who's lost courage and is frustrated
10,It's the best... I watched it without much expectation, but it's so warm that I can watch it more than 3 times personally, and there are some fun elements, and above all, it's a message that gives hope and touching, and so many sayings and family's faith is so lovely. A movie that I want to watch with my parents and friends
10,I cried 10 minutes after the movie.The story of all of us...
10,Korea needs this kind of movie!
9,a typical but warm movie
10,There are already so many Wonder around us. All we have to do is look
10,I can't believe there's such a lovely movie. I'm rooting for you ㅜㅜ
10,His face may be different, but he's very straight
10,Oh my gosh ㅜㅜ it's a movie that teaches a lot of lessons
10,It's touching. It's a movie that gives you insight into the content of your acting
10,Thank you for growing up so bright
10,All the cast members were lovely, fun and touching. It was a perfect healing movie
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A movie that won't be a waste if you watch it two or three times!
10,I'm sniffling and having fun watching...
10,It's a hopeful movie. Too bad there's no theater
10,That's the best.I realized that my heart is getting warm.
10,The smiling face of the baby is so nice to see. My heart has warmed up a lot. An interesting and warm movie.
10,The Essence of Family Love. The Essence of Love.the standard of education
10,Harmony, consideration, and family of love
10,A movie that makes you think a lot.A movie that I want more people to watch!The composition of the work, the delivery of the theme, and the heartwarming story are the best movies!
9,It makes me want to read a book.It's amazing, it's light, it's touching
10,I wasn't bored the whole time.A really good movie
8,It would be a great world to have children like this.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen crying
10,This year's best movie is a calm movie without action and not a new wave.
10,Sigh... I just cried. Thank you. I guess I'm still nice. I want to live a good life and be nice. Not an ordinary adult who lives in a snob. I want to get up and up again like a baby! I had a lot of thoughts and it made me feel that I was really young I just cry
10,It was a happy movie, so I could feel the message that the movie was trying to convey It was fun
10,I miss you, but I'm too embarrassed to cry
10,a movie that heals the wounds of one's heart
10,Something just like this movie, right?
10,It's a really good movie많은 I hope to see many people
10,I think it's the best movie in my life. Especially, Jack Will is so handsomeㅠ
10,It's been a really long time since I saw a good movie. ㅠㅠ It's a touching movie from beginning to end
9,It's calm and touching, but it's also fun
10,It's so much fun and touching
10,It's a pleasant movie. I strongly recommend it
10,It was a movie that taught me a lesson and warmed my heart so that I could look back on the past. It's a masterpiece.
10,You are just a wonder, baby is literally a blessing and a love in itself, it was such a beautiful movie!It's a movie that will make you cry over and over again
10,It's the best movie ever
10,A movie that makes you feel and learn a lot
10,It's not weird, it's special
10,I cried at first and laughed at the end... It's a heart-warming family movie. Why did I know this now? I strongly recommend it. I watched the best movie ever.
10,It's such a warm movie. A movie that allows me to look back on my dry emotions at work. After watching the movie introduced on the departure video trip, I found the theater with difficulty.  I think I will be happy in this kind of love life. The movie that I want to keep and watch. Thank you.
10,If you choose between right and kind, choose kindness
10,Oh, this movie is good.It's not forced, and each and every character is so warm.It's not a stimulating instant food, but a hearty home-cooked meal that warms your insides. That feeling in the movie~^^
10,Hollywood is good at making this kind of movie... I was so happy to watch it and it makes me think about kindness again.
10,You were the best movie director of my life. Eyes are always teary ㅠㅠ
10,It was a really touching movie!
10,I'm sad that I couldn't watch it at the theaterㅜㅜ
10,A movie that I want to show everyone
10,It's the best movie of my life.When I was 42 years old. It's a movie that told me that tears remain.Until the movie music is over. I just couldn't get up.
10,a boy who abandoned the world as a helmet The great echoes of true relationships and courage to move on to the world
5,I don't think it's to this extent. an ordinary emotional movie
10,Movies like Amazing Mary and Wonder always touch me
10,It's fun and touching!
10,Warm movies. My favorite style.The main characters are also very beautiful^^
10,It's a movie that realizes how important adult behavior is, and I can't help but cry because I understand every single situation Make sure to bring a tissue or a handkerchief
10,It was such a warm and touching movie. I ended Friday night happily with my family. I will show this movie to my children later.
1,Emotional movies are boring
10,A movie that makes you have a good heart ♡
10,It's a moving movie. If you look at it with the heart of a parent, it seems like a work that can be immersed. The children's acting is excellent
10,How beautiful people are to make this kind of movie
1,It's a little... contrived.
8,Add Steven Kvowski to list of favorite directors
10,It's really fun. I think it's a movie that all adults and children in the world should watch.
1,It's fun, but it's not Lee Jung-don, so 1 point to get the average score, I think 8.5? That's enough
10,It's a movie that really touches my heart and warms my heart.  It's a shame I didn't see you in the movie theater ㅠㅠ Please increase the number of theaters!
7,Heart-warming story that heals wounds
7,It's a good movie that touches my heart. For some reason, when Eogi overcomes one by one, I feel better and cheer for Eogi with a good eye.
10,The movie was full of emotions and happiness from start to finish
9,Until the middle, it was so good that everything was in my heart for a moment, but after that, it was so typical until the end that it was good, so it's a little disappointing.
10,I want to see him again♡
10,Our beautiful, beautiful, beautiful life
10,Add a life movie. It's a really, really beautiful movie
10,It's a must-see movie. I recommend itYou won't regret it!
8,Miranda's not been solved at all.
10,It's a must-see movie It's so heart-warming. I want to raise my children like this
10,Looking at this, I felt ashamed of myself. It's a really beautiful movie that made me realize that there's no ordinary person in the world, that everyone is special. I recommend it!
9,1 hour and 50 minutes of tears in 2 hours. Real true...
10,For me. It's a masterpiece But my husband was boredHaha
10,I hoped this movie would never end.
7,I want to be a parent like Mr. and Mrs. Pullman.
10,A movie that makes me cry
10,It was so, so, so good. Why did I cry so much at the last graduation ceremony?
10,I didn't expect much. It was so touching
10,Touch and hope lesson is such a good movie.
10,The best and best movie I've seen this year's movie
10,I showed it to my son, who's starting a new semester~~^^
10,I cry and laugh all the time. Healing...The first movie I watched twice in a row.Make sure to watch it. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a warm movie. My heart is touched all the time I watch it^^
10,From the beginning to the end, tears...
10,Is it a human drama with tearful motherhood and family love?
10,I think I found the top three movies of my life. I really enjoyed watching it. Should I say that it feels like things that I've been sick of watching other commercial movies are being washed away in one go? LOL
10,A movie that made me realize a lot of things
10,A movie that shows how we should live.
10,It's so nice. It's so touching and warm
1,Hello. Thank you Bye. See you again
10,ㅜㅜ I'm so moved, I envy American culture
10,A movie that showed kind and miraculous impression
10,I'll give you a rating of 10 after seeing No Jouf.
10,The warm and bright family, the children approaching the boy, and the boy who never loses his courage were so pretty
10,I'm touched. I want to see you again
10,The movie of my life that I want to show to the people I love 영화
10,This kind of movie makes the world warm
10,The best movie of the past year, I highly recommend it!
10,A movie full of special and dying love for others!!!! And the story of good people!!!!
10,I learned a lot from a little kid.
10,The best, the best, the best, the best!
10,It's a movie that I want to watch together again when I grow up.I shed a lot of tears and feel a lot of things.
10,The most heartwarming movie of my life
10,I don't know how many times I cried and laughed while watching this movie Haha
7,For students, the lesson is that it is a Del movie and a moving movie, but it is less touching because the sad scene is missing
7,I thought the story was too predictable, so I managed to...
9,There are many misfortunes and mistakes in life. In particular, unhappiness in the unchoice, such as the natural appearance of a fish, is very sad. The movie connects the real situation with a hopeful touch. A friend who makes peace and encourages others even though they have different reasons.
10,I didn't want the movie to end. Hoping that the movie will become a reality...
10,I'm touched. It was fun. A lot of lessons are implied.
10,The movie that I watched with tears in my eyes is so touching and gives me a big lesson!
10,A movie where you can feel the warmth
10,It's such a warm movie. It's full of maternal love
10,Owen Wilson's words, "If you choose between transfer and kindness, choose kindness," are memorable.  A heartwarming good movie. a great film with a sensibility to the content
9,Jack Will and Miranda are like actors who are going to make a big splash, a neat film that teaches a good lesson It's Jacob. He's strong
1,Impression, I think, grows in depth when it is very routine and realized in reality. If it's forced, you won't be moved. I have a feeling that the sequence of events and the psychology of the characters are a bit exaggerated
10,Wonder, like the title, it's like a miracle
4,A child with a facial disability.I don't think it was touching.
10,I went to see a lot of movies, but definitely the best of all the movies I saw in 2017!I think this movie will be the best even for 20OOO.My heart is moist, healing, warm, and thankful throughout the show
10,It's a movie that makes me smile. It was really fun
8,It was new and nice to show the story from various perspectives a well-made film
10,To all those who are fighting hard,
10,A movie filled with warmth that made me happy the whole time. Remember that once in a lifetime, everyone deserves a round of applause...!
8,I didn't know the time went by I was especially emotional at the ending scene. :_)
10,It was the best. It was touching
10,You need to question why this movie is not a perfect score. Where do we break our hearts?
10,Honestly, you have to see this. Heartwarming from start to finish! Ta-da! I don't understand people who say it's boring
10,Miranda, you're crazy. You're awesome
10,It's a masterpiece that really touched and showed family love
10,a lovely little baby
10,A perfect movie. A movie that learns the attitude of life through family and gaeil. Even dogs are good at acting.Daddy, Frozen, Christopher. Stuck in
10,There are parts where the probability is a little low, but if your eyes were teary throughout the movie, it's not because you're sad.
10,A movie that I'll remember forever. A movie that I'll remember forever
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,I watched it without any expectations. It's a really good movie
10,The best thing about this movie is that throughout the movie, the adrenaline of emotion doesn't stop
10,I felt a deep warmth in my heart for the first time in a while If you have to choose between right and kind, it's a movie that makes you realize that you have to choose kindness
7,The fair warmth of sharing with the majority who might stay around, not just one disabled protagonist, stood out.However, it was disappointing that the second half was becoming more and more dull.
10,I thought about downloading it and watching it dozens of times. After watching it... I was touched and moved again.
10,You're the best! You're changing me, too
9,It was a movie that really matched the title and the work
10,To capture each perspective, the movie can be distracting, but it's not at all, and it's a movie that allowed you to fall in love with each character
10,It's nice to see the whole family warm
9,Principal, homeroom teacher, older brother, older sister, all of you are good friends~~~ Life study that we need to learn and use
9,My heart is getting warm!!!
10,I like to watch movies, but I think it's my first time giving a rating... I think it's a really touching movie. It's a shame that these movies don't have many screens...
8,It's touching... It's coming up from deep inside my heart.
10,It's so lovely. ♡-♡
10,It was a perfectly warm and beautiful movie♡
7,Family movie... Appearance can't beat family love...A simple but truthful message...!
9,A good film with stories of hurtful people and not ending in the growth of a disabled child
10,It's a movie where all the main characters who warm up from hand to toe grow a little.
5,Korean New Wave Film Made with American Culture and Emotion
10,It was a really good movie I won't forget it for a while
10,It was good to see realistically the views and thoughts that changed from person to person and situation in the movie. This movie was touching because it seemed to warm up the multilateral view of the socially disadvantaged. It was a movie that made me feel fun, moved, and self-reflect.
10,옳은지 친절한지 선택이 주어졌을 때, 친절을 선택하라!!
10,Oh! And every planet is lovely
8,The story of this drama is typical. Wonder is such a movie. But it's also a story that always touches me. Maybe it's because it's so different from reality. Still, it's a relief that you're bringing out the things that we couldn't bring out of our shy hearts from the movie.
10,I watched it with my 10-year-old son. My sister in the movie is so pretty and kind that she envies me. We have a 5-year-old older sister. A sense of separation from reality. ㅠ
8,It ended with a happy ending like a movie.  It was beautiful, but I felt a gap with reality. But it's a movie anyway
8,A movie that depicts a child suffering from facial deformities and the people around him with very warm eyes. In addition to the story that a child wearing an astronaut helmet takes a step out of the world, it was good because it seemed to carefully slow down the small stories of people around them and the feelings they felt.
8,The story of Eogi, as well as the story of other characters, conveyed the theme of the director's story well It's a bit disappointing that the movie was conducted in such a standard way Especially in the second half...But I think I watched a good family movie after a long time Sometimes I miss good movies even though they are obvious
10,It's a heart-warming movie! I was really overwhelmed the whole time I watched it. I strongly recommend it!
10,I hope we can live in a world without discrimination based on our looks.
10,I wished the movie wouldn't end while I was watching it
10,It's good to be with God, but it's a masterpiece that's good to see with a cup of coffee, and I'm with my mother, and she quietly held my hand in the second half and said it's a good movie.
10,^^ A movie that makes you feel touched and laugh throughout the movie ^^ A movie that brings out touching tears without realizing it, I think it's such a good movie.
10,When moms see me, I cry all the time.Julia Roberts' performance is a perfect score.Even his appearance is perfect.Be kind to all who fight hard
10,It was the warmest movie I've seen recently
7,I know the content is instructive and well-made from the children's point of view, but it's just a movie for children.The rating is too high for such a movie.
10,It's a good movie to watch with your family!
10,I enjoy watching movies and borrow applications to read them.
9,It's a movie that makes you happy and warm.
10,I felt like I was reading a good book It's instructive and touching. I recommend it
5,Heavenly Kingdom, too. The upper class of New York? It's a school, so if it was storage hell shipbuilding, it wouldn't be fun. Did I have to show you and explain it from your friend's point of view? It's a movie that's poorly organized and worth seeing for people with this kind of disability, not a muhighteen movie, just one Hallam
10,It's a beautiful movie.
10,Parents always show it to the kids Korea will become brighter
10,It was nice to be able to smile, not be sad, everyone was happy
10,I don't think it's a movie that I can evaluate
10,a movie that resonates with all the characters in it
10,A touching movie that's good for the whole family to watch together!
10,I leave a truthful comment for the first time, not an exaggeration. I usually enjoy watching movies, and this movie was definitely a heartwarming and meaningful movie among the movies I've seen in recent years. It was a movie that I could look back on myself.
10,This is the first time that I felt emotional even when I watched a really sad movie.
10,Good! Best moving movie in recent years
10,ㅠㅠ That's a great movie
10,It makes me feel a lot of things. You're the best!
10,I think I saw a great movie that reminded me that being different from others is special and beautiful I sincerely thank the director.
9,It's fun. Family love
8,A calm movie... It's been a whileJulia Roberts!
10,I was going to watch another movie, but I happened to watch it, and it was really touching
10,It's the best. The content and the lines are so nice  It's a shame the box office didn't work I hope many of you watch it
10,Really... I don't give a movie rating. But I really want to leave this movie... I cried while watching it. I definitely recommend it.
10,You're the best. The best... I'm so touching
8,Be a person like her and be with him
10,The difference between speciality and mediocrity is very subtle
10,Oh, it's so Kim Dong Hyun.And it's over there in reality.I strongly recommend it!
1,Rating / Rating / Rating / Rating
10,I learned what kind of parents I should be.
10,A movie that shows childhood as the answer
8,The person who will be applauded this time is precious and kind, so look forward to it
8,a heartwarming story But not everyone is so lucky.
10,I realized so much and learned a lot while watching the movie. If I become a mother, I want to say this to my child
8,There's "love" and "love" is added to make it a wonder
8,A warm heart fills the empty space of fairy tales.  The wonder of love that overcomes the weight of different lives!
10,It's been a long time since I felt the impression that wasn't forced
10,It's the best. It's my favorite movie
10,It may be a typical moving movie, but it was a great movie for me
7,The joy, anger, sorrow, and sorrow surrounding humans are captured very naturally and calmly. I like such small touching moments.
10,I realize once again the saying, "People are social animals." Misunderstandings arise from mutual interest and indifference.
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently Each character is charming and lovely
10,A movie that I watched while being moved and lost track of time
10,It was my best luck to watch this movie on the last day of 2017. It still lingers a lot.  It's a moving and thought-provoking movie
10,I miss you, too.ㅜㅜ
10,There is a book called Beautiful Child that I like.  I was touched when I read the book, but it's more touching and vivid to watch the movie like this.  I think it would be good for most teenagers who discriminate and judge people by their appearanceism to watch.
10,From the perspective of a mother raising a child, I was very emotional throughout the movie. I'm tearing up.I hope a lot of elementary and middle school teenagers watch it.Thank you.
10,A warm movie that makes you think about what's important
10,It's a stupid choice if you don't watch a movie that you have to watch it Highly recommended
10,I cried the whole timecrying
10,I was touched. Everything was the best
9,I was smiling and teary. I repeated it a lot. The immersion level was considerable, so I saw them as characters with names in between. What's a bit disappointing is that besides the beginning and the last part, I wish you could have told us more about your inner self.
10,The story of the growth of your family and the people around you. a heart-warming movie
10,A movie that our kids must watch
8,As long as the U.S. can make such a movie, the U.S. will be a great power.So family is difficult, and friends are necessary.
10,I respect those who make it. Make sure to watch it.I really recommend it!
10,I really want to recommend it to everyone around me!
10,It feels like I'm getting something out of the theater
10,It's been a long time since I saw a heartwarming movie. I highly recommend it to those who are tired of beating each other up, hating each other, and revenge
10,Why did you watch it now? But I'm glad I saw you at the theater
10,This kind of movie should go over 10 million!!!
1,--; Do you run?
10,It's very idealistic and very realistic
10,I want to see you again when the baby is born
10,What the hell are the critics who scored 6 points?Chun Doo Hwan's movie is 8 points, and it's not as good as the critics.
10,The composition and the acting of the actors are so good.
10,I'm so touched I dare say it was the best movie of my life
10,You're the best. You're the best. You're so wet
10,It's the best movie ever.My heart is fluttering in the ending scene. The best!
10,It's not like I'm really choked up or anything, but I think it'd be good to watch it once. The principal's words really hit home. The term cannot change, but the way we look at him can change. Well, if you think about it, it really is.
10,It's fun. This kind of movie is always fun
10,It's my first time to give a rating.
3,It was a touching movie, but it didn't fully capture the reality. The reality is that Pullman is much more painful
10,It's really nice. I didn't mean to see it, but I hope this kind of movie will come out in Korea. My sister's friend is very pretty friend
10,I watched it silently, shedding tears...  The main character was Eo-gi, but I think all the people around me were the main character. I'm surprised that the director has a delicate portrayal of the people around himI think I watched a movie that will be remembered for a long time.
10,We all live with one pain and one wound. When you can share the other person's pain, the wound does not get bigger, but rather even your own pain is healed. It's love and amazing ability.Greatness is not a strong force, but a proper use of it
10,I was watching it, and the ending credit went up
10,A movie that touches everyone who lives a hard life. Julia Roberts is old, too. Your dad's part is cool. The two older sisters look so...
1,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high
10,Heartwarming movie My problem is family problem
10,It's so touching! It was so much fun and I couldn't stop crying at the end.
1,I think the rating is too high.
10,A moving and happy movie
10,I thought it was a movie for the kids, but why are my eyes tearing up?
10,I watched a really good movie after a long time. I really recommend...
10,It was really good. Please make a lot of good movies ㅜㅜ
10,Thank you, uh, let me know that the way I've lived is not wrongWest
10,You're the best. So cool
10,It's so touching and fun. I caught both of them Make sure you watch it
10,The movie development was fresh and very touching, so I watched it twice.
10,This kind of movie is the real one.
10,If you look at a good movie at first glance, you may think it's childish like a children's lesson movie, but adults will feel a lot of things.
10,The movie that made me feel shy the whole time I watched it
8,The process of overcoming the lack of being too nice and warm, there is a speciality in everyone from a slightly different perspective
10,It's a story in our daily lives. I can relate to it. It's
8,A wonderful growth story of the earth's people and miraculous boy.
10,Heart-warming movies are the best
10,I'm giving you stars for the first time It's a good movie that I want to show to my child who will come out later.In a world where abnormalities become normal and normal, the movie that once again tells me right and wrong in my heart, makes me a shameful person
10,My dream is to meet a guy like Nate and Justin and raise kids like Baby Via Jackwill Summer as a wise mother like Isabel
10,I kept crying while watching it, so I don't know how many times I stole it. It's sad to see a society that values appearance, and it's so lovely to see them overcome it, and Jack Will is so pretty with his family who always supports him. It's really the best. It's a heartwarming movie.
10,one of the few movies that shed tears with overwhelming emotion
10,I'm touched. I'm thinking a lot about my current relationship
8,The warmth created by change is not done alone.
10,At first, I watched it without any expectations, but I think it's a life movie that really warms my heart! A movie that learns a life lesson! This movie is worth keeping forever
10,인상깊고 감동적인 영화입니다.
9,a heartwarming movie Typical but good. I hope the reality is the same as the movie
10,Jack Will, it's impressive that you can approach someone who is struggling like Summer first.What's this feeling that I cried for a month?
9,A heartwarming family movie I haven't seen in a while. Daniel Rose Russell Gap.
10,I thought it was a movie about one person who was different from others, but it was a time when the characters around him, including him, grew up together.Not just Eogi, but all the characters are wonder!
10,Jack Will, why is he so cool?
9,I like movies like this. a film going in the right direction Rather than blindly creating a cancerous character and squeezing tension, I really like movies like this that show the world we want.
10,There's no need for words. Fun, touching, and beautiful running shoes
10,It's a movie that you must watch with your children. I was so touched and moved!
10,It's healing!
1,But you can't beat Shawshank's Escape
7,It's a perfect movie to watch when you want to warm your heart. It's not outstanding, but it's not lacking in acting and composition, and the right arrangement of humor. As I showed my respective positions, I was looking at my family from my point of view.
10,I didn't expect anything But it made me think a lot and I think it will be the most memorable movie I have ever seen in my life.
10,The movie is very instructive and warm. It's a movie that everyone should watch, both children and adults. Especially the kid who plays Jack Will is so lovely.
9,How can it be such a pure and kind movie?
8,I enjoyed watching the family movie. The touching husband is also fun a heartwarming movie
2,It's such a nice movie. The children in the real world are the demons themselves, and the children in this movie are more insightful than adults, and the goodness and maturity of the body. So nice that it's unrealistic. I don't like it because it's an inflammatory sentimental movie that's only popular in Korea these days. I firmly reject the contrived impression. Long live Trump
7,The characters that make you empathize and the warm movie's eyes about them create a family movie that is worthwhile enough. It is only regrettable that this is not how it is done in real life.
10,It was a movie that made me feel happy. Recommend.
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,It's a very warm movie this winter movie
10,It was a good movie that warmed my heart
10,Why are all the female characters so pretty?
10,It's a masterpiece! A standing ovation!
10,Movies that I want to watch again and again. Thank you for the movies that teach me the right way to see the world "Wonder".
10,Real life movie ㅜㅜ I watched it twice!
9,It's fun and makes me smile
10,What kind of movie would you give the critics reporters 10 points for? Do you think that if you give them a high score, they'll lose sight of your movies?  Wonder is a good movie
10,The best movie of my life
10,What is it that makes you sick to watch this? A movie that makes you look back on yourself
9,It's hard to believe, but I hope this world will come.
10,Kindness is something we all have to live with
10,People, lives, warm hearts
10,Hey, you're so coolI cried because it was so touching all the time.  It's a heart-warming movie.It's not everything you see. It's your life movie
10,I haven't changed my view of the world yet. After watching this movie, I reflect on myself again.
9,a child-friendly growth film
10,When I saw the post, I expected the boy to move forward positively, but I was moved by the story that went beyond it And Jackwall is so cute
10,Every scene is touching, and I can really relate to your parents.
7,It is regrettable that the second half, which lacks strength compared to the early and mid-term of authenticity and suction power.
10,It is a movie that warms my heart in the cold winter. Make sure you watch it
10,I support everyone, but I want to support Miranda the most.
1,I trusted NAVER's rating and this... Compared to other movies, it wasn't my style
8,It's a good movie. It's heartwarming.
10,I envy you so much for having such parents
10,Best! No more movies! I can't hide my joy throughout the movie! Everyone who appears is lovely!
10,If you look at it, you'll get wet from the bottom of your heart.  I look back on myself and encourage myself... It's a movie where calm waves touch more strongly than huge waves.
10,I want to give you 100 points bb
10,a movie full of tears
10,Such a beautiful and pretty movie
10,I want to recommend it to everyone, but it is the best work I want to recommend to children who form their egos.
10,I'm so touched. I think it'd be great if my family could watch it togethercrying
10,It's a good movie. Make sure you watch it
10,Beautiful, beautiful! Wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder~~~Full!!
10,Great movie! I'm touched.
10,We're all different, we're all different. A moving movie, a highly recommended movie.
9,It was such a beautiful movie.
8,Heartwarming movie. The story of each character was conducted in the form of an omnibus, which gave a slight feeling of love actuality. The girl as a daughter looks so much like Katie Holmes, who married Tom Cruise.
10,A movie that's good enough for kids! I highly recommend it!
10,Wow, this is the most impressive movie I've ever seen. I can't stop smiling
10,If you want to raise a child well, just like Jack Will
10,I haven't used it a few times in my life, but I'm using it because of this movie. My heart was full I'll see you again and again
8,I could relate to Via's position a lot.
10,The best movie in my life
10,I think it's really cool that we've shown stories that are possible enough around us from the perspective of many people, not just one person. This is the number one movie I want to show if I have a child^^
8,A warm and kind movie.
10,The touching message from the movie!!!
9,I felt like I was watching a fairy tale.My heart was warm the whole time I watched it
10,What should I do with this movie?
10,It's so fun. I want to be a friend like Jack Will.
10,It was a movie where I felt that I had to look inside, not outside.I cried not because I was sad but because I was moved.If you feel warm and touched, and want to know what family love is, please watch it.
10,I'm so touchedcrying
10,We are all someone's sun, someone's earth.
10,I cried my eyes out all the whole time The heart of a mother raising a child
6,Look away or face each other in their wounds and loneliness.
10,I'm so touched. I want to cheer for all the babies in the world
10,It's just looking at... Hey, thank you so much. My movie is like a ray of light. Hope for everyone who's struggling
10,I enjoyed watching it lol
10,It lingered and I was impressed. It was an opportunity to look back on myself.
10,It was touching.Haha
10,Thank you for comforting me and melting me in this cold world
10,It's not forced. It's more touching
10,Every time a good movie comes out...It's a movie that makes me think a lot. It seems like something is coming up little by little throughout the whole time, but after watching it, I laugh, "You made a great movie."And Julia Roberts ^^
10,I am also ugly, so I have no friends, but I got sadder after seeing this.
10,I can't recommend you to watch it right away because it's fun, but I can recommend you to watch it again and again before you die.
10,It's a well-made family movie that makes you happy
10,I don't need a hot pack It's already warm
10,It's the best humanism movie that makes me think about my family.
10,Please watch it!Pure Children's Advice to Adults
7,It's heartwarming, but the movie is a movie. Let's skip Miranda's story
10,Life is melted in every scene. a warm talk The temperature of this movie is 36.5 degrees.
10,It's a very well-made and happy movie
10,You have to cry from the start
10,I thought it would be boring, so I watched it for about 5 minutes, but I watched it until the end. I would have regretted it if I didn't watch it
10,I had a hard time hiding my tears from the moment I started watching the movie to the end. It's my first time learning from a movie It became one of the best movies of my life.
10,I'm so proud of you. You are great, but your mother is more amazing... Thank you! Thank you for making the movie well
10,There are so many good lines and it's a good story Good, good
7,A warm movie... Lovely Eogi and Friends
10,It was an opportunity to look back on myself after watching this movie.
10,Everyone, make sure to watch it. It was so touching that I cried and had a runny nose. It's good for people with low self-esteem, but it's a movie that gives you strength.
8,Some movies are just good, regardless of completeness, but Wonder is such a movie! Besides, it's good, so I can't help but like it!
10,I hope you can watch the best healing movie in the cold winter
10,This is amazing. I thought I was ugly. I think it's a movie that gains a lot of hope and confidence. I think I saw a really cool friend. And the movie that I liked more because I watched it alone
8,I came out of the movie theater in a good mood after a long time
10,Respect to all who are fighting a hard fight
10,There is no ordinary person, everyone is special
10,I almost burst into tears and I was dying ㅠㅠ
10,I think I am lucky to know this movie. a very good movie
10,What a great movie! Thank you
10,I logged in because of my GPA. This movie is the best.
10,The best movie of my life! I was very touched by Jack Will.
10,It's a movie that makes you look back on myself
10,The movie that made me feel that everyone is precious...I feel so emotional
10,I believe that the heart-warming movie "Break Up" will be fine in the future
10,What a nice movie
7,The movie... The content is good. It's a touching and heart-warming. But there's a bit of a boring side to it. The inner approach of each person is good by using a turn-taking method, but the flow is a bit cut off and there is a bit loose
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen
9,A movie that really touches my heart?
9,When you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness.
10,I've never seen a movie that made me so emotional
10,The tears I shed here are really tears of emotion^^
10,It's been a while since I watched a heartwarming movie.
10,A must-see movie in Korean society.
10,This is the best movie of the year. It's fun. I hope the story of becoming a high school student comes out in a series It's so heart-warming and nice. I really recommend it. It's not sad, but tears of joy I can't help but cry
10,I love movies like this^^
10,It's a really good movie It's a moving and happy movie I strongly recommend it
10,It's a movie that has a great, touching, and big lesson that makes you cry, so I think it'll be remembered for a long time!
10,Sparkling movie. You will know what really touches you when you watch this movie!! When I first saw it, I was moved by every scene and cried, but when I saw it in the theater a few more times, now I can see the lovely movie Wonder with a smile!!
10,A touching movie. I want everyone to see and think about it.
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's such a warm movie
8,There are many movies about children with disabilities and their parents. But what's special about this movie is that it deals with the mental disorders of the rest of the brothers who are left out because of the disabled child... As much as a child with a disability is applauded when he goes out to the world, his family and acquaintances deserve applause.
8,I liked the way Jack Will, Via and Miranda looked at each other from their personal perspectives, as well as Eogi
10,I've never rated anyone in my life, and of course I've never written anything like this before. But you can't miss this movie because you have to watch it As you can see, WONDER is not enough to give a perfect score. It's a movie that makes you look at the world again. Please show it to your children
10,I was very introverted, so it was hard to adapt when I was in elementary school.There were friends who really bothered me then.There were friends in the midst of that...I cried a lot when I thought of myself when I was looking at it reminded me of that time.My favorite movie ㅠㅠ
10,Best movie of the year.The second review that I wrote after watching a movie.
10,I'm glad to see you. I should live each day preciously and kindly.
10,It's a warm, green movie
10,Wow, the December movies are amazing
10,It's been a while since I saw a heartwarming movie. Thank you
10,I'm so touched. Out of 10, I want to give 20 points. It leaves a really great impression.ㅜㅜ
10,The best movie. The must-see movie
10,Beautiful world, beautiful people
10,It's early this year, but it was the best movie of the year.The movie that made me cry
8,Just calm healing movie ㅠㅠ Wonder's growth period was beautiful.
10,Yeah... you can be a movie critic and make a fuss about "too far-fetched" and "impressive". But at least did you imagine a movie like this? I want to ask you, "Please Cry Like A Ghost."
9,What a heartwarming movie!
10,It's pretty. I hope our reality is like this, too.Knowing shame and feeling beautiful. Good people don't get hurt.
10,I really enjoyed it The best movie!
10,It's nice to see your family together.
9,Lovely movie. It's fun to be nice
10,A really well-made movie. This is dramatic
10,It's so warm... Aah…...
10,I'm so touched. I don't cry a lot, but I kept cryingIt's not sad tears, it's touching tears
10,It's a really jewel-like movie.It is a beautiful movie to watch with children.
10,It's warm and warm~~
8,모두가 힘든 싸움을 하고 있으니 친절하게 대해주세요.
10,Is it because I'm sick?Why am I crying when it's only been 14 minutes since I started like this? Can't we really increase the number of theaters?This kind of movie? I'm not asking you to increase the number of Korean movies, but to increase the number of theaters
10,a film of quiet tears
10,a heart-wrenching sensation It's been a while since I saw a movie like this It was a real healing time And Jack Will's beauty ㅠㅠ
10,If you wonder where the source of happiness is, there is a hint in this movie. It is recommended for all adults who adapt well to the board of directors. And I want you to hear the actor's breathing in the theater.
10,It was the best movie ever.
10,When I saw this movie after watching the psychokinesis, it was Shim Hyung-rae's movie, Woo Rung-mae ㅠ
10,I'm so proud of them. I'm so touched
10,It's the best movie
10,If it's a fantasy.
10,I watched it with my mom, and it felt like I was in a different world! The story of cute Eogi, pretty school sister Via and her friends, friendship, family, dreams, and courage were all great!
10,I watched a very good movie from the beginning of 2018. It was warm and I could feel it completely Julia's performance has reached the level of Merrill Streep.
10,It was so good. I strongly recommend it
10,I'm touched ㅠㅠ It's the best movie ♡ If I have a friend like you, I would like to help you
6,Yes, it is. prejudice from the eye
9,A healing and heartwarming movie
10,A movie that offers solutions to the problem of school violence...Principals who try to hide and cover up the school image should see it
10,It's such a cute and affectionate movie
10,It's touching and fun Recommend.
10,The movie is warm enough to melt the temperature of minus 15 degrees Celsius! So much for a movie!
10,Children are greatly influenced by their parents
10,It's the best. It was so good
10,The director, actor, scenario is the most touching.
10,I'm tearing up. I really want the kids to see it Of course, adults
10,Heartwarming movie...It's a tough life, but it's a movie where you lean on each other, love each other, and grow up, and even though you know it's a movie, you support the characters.
10,I read the original with tears in my eyes, but the movie doesn't disappoint
10,It feels like my life becomes happy and rich I suddenly feel good. Make sure to watch it
10,It's a movie where everyone is the main character, not just one child
10,It was a perfect movie. I'm glad to see you later.
10,The best touching drama. Beyond that, a great lesson for us.
10,It was a touching movie. It reminds me of my childhood. What a great movie!
10,I have never written a review after watching a movie, but I am writing after watching this movie. I kept crying from the beginning It wasn't sympathy, but calm emotions touched my heart more It's a relief that I saw this movie at the theater before it ended. It became my life movie!
10,It's a beautiful movie. I need to put it on my list of movies.
10,a thrill of emotion Under the right parents, courageous and right children grow up to overcome difficulties.  Grief is a happy family that makes happiness
10,It was a really good movie that made me cry
10,It's a pity that such a good movie is not known. I want to keep it as a DVD
10,Best movie ever. Watch it with kids
9,It's a heart-warming movieCourage and hope make a bigger world in love
10,Next time, don't make fun of your friends because they're ugly
10,a movie that makes you smile the whole time you watch it
1,I think it's overrated. Let me adjust the rating.
10,Julia Roberts is getting old. But she's my eternal goddess
10,Movies that I want to watch at the theater
10,The best movie!Movies More Needed by Adults
10,Yes, it's all good and true
10,Easiest Ideal for Harmony and Harmony
10,The warmest movie I've ever seen this year
10,I thought it was a space movie, but it was the best movie anyway. Thank you to the friend who recommended it
9,It's a very moving movie
10,It's so touching and I think it'll come out in my dreams
10,It's such a good movie
10,I watched it with my family and it was fun and touching. It's one of the top 3 movies!I want to recommend it to my friends and other people.I really recommend itIt's so nice to be able to feel the emotion and fun at once^^ I hope many people will have courage after watching this movie♡
10,I'm so happy to see Wonder as the first movie of the new year.
10,It was worth recommending this movie
10,I cried almost 10 times while watching thisㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'm so touched...
10,I was so touched While watching the movie, I laughed, felt sad, and put my hands together
9,I cried because it was so touching I laughed. I don't know how many times I repeated it
10,The most touching... Is there another movie like this?
10,It's a heart-warming movie
6,It wasn't as sad as I thought.It was a more ordinary story than I thought."When you have to choose between right and kind, always choose kindness."
10,The preview also choked up.
10,a hard fight
10,It was so nice to think about not only the main character, but also sister Via, friend Jack Will, etc. from various perspectives I like movies with children in the background of foreign schools, and the story of Eogi touched my heart!! A heartwarming movie!
10,Touching! I didn't expect it. What if I didn't see it?You're the best!
9,"You can't change your appearance. So we have to change our perspective."
7,I could relate to your sister Via and her friend
10,I thought I was going to die holding back my tears ㅜㅜ Such a good movie
10,Please look ㅠㅠ Never regret
10,A good movie for parents to watch
10,The sad heart of parents who can't live their lives instead of their children.I felt the importance of family
10,It's a heart-warming movie of my life movie
10,Literally, the best movie
10,It's such a touching movie
9,Touching and fun...a great film with all
10,It was the best movie I've seen this year. Do we need another word? If you just look at the preview, you are already fascinated by this movie.
10,It was a very moving movie!
10,Nice, cool, warm, and cool movie!
8,It's only natural to have time to adjust to each other, friends or friends. Even if it takes a few minutes or years, adults can't help it
10,It was a calm and fun movie
10,It's the best movie of the year
10,I hope you meet a kind friend...
10,I thought it was a common touching story Each person's position... Everyone is the sun and the center in their own world.
10,It's a great movie. I recommend it.
10,Let's make a great movie together
10,It wasn't a very satisfying movie, but I was so proud of him growing up and overcoming his own fears I couldn't change his appearance, but I was directly hit by the lines that changed our views, and I felt comfortable watching the movie
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's a pity that there are so few theaters. It's been a while since I watched a really warm and nice movie. It's my first time crying while laughing.
10,Warm. Sorry that I should have been nice to them when I was young.
10,It's so fun and touching. Make sure to watch it!
10,I think it's a movie that expresses the situation and emotions very well, and I think it's a human relationship that can happen around me. I sympathized with it all the time I watched it, and I had emotional and calm tears
10,It's so touching! I think it'd be nice if my family watched it together. It's a wonderful piece that reminds me of the meaning of family~~**
10,How would I live if I were Will because I was really touched by him? I thought so and I realized how precious his positive power and his friends and family are now.
10,It's more than I expected. A moving movie. I highly recommend it.
10,I like this movie. Everyone thinks about it. It's just a different concern
10,Touching content! Cool storyline, everything is the best
10,Warm story, good acting
10,A movie that warms your heart when you watch it in the cold.
10,While I was watching... I'makes me teary. I think it's a good movie You don't get tired of these warm movies even if you watch it two or three times ~
10,I'm so happy on my way back from the movie that makes me smile and look back on my life. The first movie I want to keep since Forest Gump.
10,I got emotional from the start. It's such a touching movie.The children's acting was so good, and in many ways, it was the best movie I've seen recently!!I love you and Jack Will Carrie Haha
8,You are ugly, but you have a good heart.You need to be handsome to be happy...I want to give you 8.2 points
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it too much, but it's very normal and calmIt's a bit boring
10,You will be able to experience a truly emotional and calm feeling.
10,It was a movie that made me keep thinking about it when I got home. It was a good opportunity to look back on myself and I think it was an opportunity to love myself more.
10,A good movie for parents to watch together
10,After watching a movie for the first time in a while, I was deeply moved...
10,It was a movie that made me know what true friendship and love is like. The immersion level was very high by showing each person. It was a different movie than other obvious movies.
10,I want to see this. ㅠㅠ
9,The new atmosphere may not be fresh, but I hope such warm movies will continue to be made. If I have a child later, I want to see it together.
1,"Be kind to all who fight hard."
10,It's so nice. I should watch it twice
1,Everyone, I really enjoyed watching it. I cried while watching it. Let's adjust the rating
10,It was a happy movie the whole time I watched it. It's the best movie with both touching and humor
10,I watched a good movie after a long time.
10,Discrimination and prejudice, which must be overcome.
10,It's a movie that teaches us a good lesson living in the present.Tears of joy while watching ㅠㅠ Why are there so few movie theaters showing? Too bad.
10,A lovely movie that warms your heart so that you won't be afraid of the cold wave! I want to watch it again.
10,If you choose between right and kind, choose kindness.I reflected on the child. It's a movie that's really touching and makes you clap
10,My heart was pounding the whole time I watched it
7,- It's a warm movie. - Everyone in the movie is really nicelol
10,I was heartbroken by the story of children with pain that I couldn't choose and children with pain that I chose. I hope that all children will not have their own pain left as pain.
10,I'm a multi-child mom.I shed tears of emotion while watching with my children.
10,It was fun. Really...
10,It was very touching. The actor in charge of acting did a good job.  I want to see you again.
10,a film that has given a great impression
8,If it was okay, the baby is cute.
10,It's so touching. I watched it without much expectation, but it's my favorite
10,I'm touched. Watch it with the kids.
10,I could feel the child's heart It's so touching
10,A movie that I want to show to students as a teacher
10,Most of all, the 10-year-old son who made a fuss about it is funnyIt was so touchingIt was the first movie with a closed caption, not a hero movie
10,It's a really warm movie.
10,A moving and meaningful movie
9,I didn't expect it, but it was such a good movie It was touching
10,I really enjoyed watching it. I was touched
10,용기. 친절. 우정. 성격. 이러한 자질들이 우리를 인간으로 정의하고, 때때로 우리를 위대함으로 나아가게 합니다.
10,용기. 친절. 우정. 성격. 이러한 자질들이 우리를 인간으로 정의하고, 때때로 우리를 위대함으로 나아가게 합니다.
10,It's educational to look at with a kid
10,Make sure to watch it. :) If you have a lot of wounds, even more!
10,It was a warm movie.
10,It's not just a movie. It's a movie for all of us
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,a cute and lovely movie
8,It was a heart-warming movie
10,It's still January, but the best movie I've seen this year... All the characters are tearful and lovely. The scene stealer is Chewbacca
8,That's what you're talking about. It was a good movie
10,I received warm comfort and support.It's even more touching to see you with your family
10,A movie that makes me feel like a mother
8,It's really warm. It's really nice
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently
10,I was sorry that I was pretty, so I was moved, so my heart ached, so I watched it while crying from beginning to end.
10,Add to the must-see movie
10,I really don't leave things like this, but I enjoyed watching it.
10,I was happy throughout the movie Best Movie of the Year
10,Everyone is special. The movie of my life movie.
9,I'm raising a child, and I'm strangely more empathetic... Recommendation!
10,Man lives through man.
10,It's very touching. It was a meaningful time for me to reflect on myself and think about the meaning of my family. You're the best!
10,종류 선택 ^^
10,Home education and school education make me think about many parts.
10,It's such a warm story The whole family saw it. It's the best^^
10,It's so touching.I gained courage
10,No need to say. It was the best movie of the year
10,A movie you need when life is hard and tiring
8,It's so touching! It's so funny
10,The best family movie ever!
10,It's called a moving movie
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I think it's not just me, but other people who watched the movie feel the same way!
10,It was a guide to how to raise a child It's a movie that makes me cry from the beginning. It's my life movie
10,It's a movie that made me cry and laugh throughout the movie
10,There weren't many theaters, so I watched it late at night, and the time I exchanged for sleep was not a waste at all. A movie that gives warm energy to everyone who is tired. Berry Good.
10,Best movie I've seen recently. If I were the principal, I would like to give the highest grade award to both Eogi and Jack Will.
10,Why aren't you doing such a good movie in a big theater? ㅜㅜ Please extend the period. I want to go see it again.
10,It's a well-made movie.
10,I cried a few dozen times after watching this.  Every time we see each other's point of view, we cry a lot. This movie is amazing enough to be called a real movie. Each and every character seemed realistic and realistic, so I kept crying because I thought of a kid who looked like a kid in the same class as an elementary school student.
10,Recommend a movie that's good to watch twice
9,It's a great movie I recommend you to watch a movie with your child that you must watch because you are a parent raising a child.
10,Parents in one country really have a lot of love for their children ^^
10,It's so touching. I strongly recommend it. Make sure to watch it
10,Julia Roberts is a good actress.
10,Healing movie! :) A movie that's warm and full of hearts! Without a doubt, I recommend it! Please increase the number of art house theaters
8,I'm begging you. Please increase the number of theaters Or tell Megabox, who monopolizes our local film industry, to increase the number of movies that are being screened I can't do this
10,This is what it is that is truly human and acknowledged Wonder would have been impossible if discrimination existed and Korea was soaked in appearanceism.
10,Anyone can be foolish, make mistakes, or hurt others.But not many people are truly excused and forgiven.I hope we have real courage to be happierI hope you can grow up to be that kind of person
10,I strongly recommend it! Young actors are so pretty
10,It's so touching.ㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that I enjoyed for the first time in a while! Thank you. :)
10,It was heartbreaking and fun.
9,A touching story of growth...
10,I watched the movie without much expectation, but it made me cry and moved throughout the movie. It was new to capture not only the child's problems but also the positions of the people around him and the emotions within them, and I think the emotions were conveyed well
9,It's so warm. I recommend watching a movie with the whole family
10,I want to have a son like Jack Will
10,A warm movie you want to watch
10,Looking at the two young main characters in "Wonder," my favorite work of my life, I felt once again that consideration is easy in words, but difficult to approach with action. It's easy to envy and speak ill of others, but it's really hard to love and celebrate and understand
10,I want to watch it with my kid. Please open the dubbed version, too
8,It was so touching and fun
10,Such a touching and good movie!
10,The imagination that's hurtful and pleasant is that you end up wearing a space suit and high-fiving...At the end, I really liked the scene where everyone clapped for themselves!
2,Even if a movie is contrived, it can't be more contrived. In the last scene of the fight, there's really no far-fetched way; and at the graduation ceremony, why does he smile and clap with all his heart?  It's a probability. And if the family is poor, such a child can't come out.
10,It's very touching. He expressed his love and sadness well to the person around him Especially when the main character boy is happy, the director is very expressive
10,I want to be someone who looks inside, not outside, but inside, but it's really hard. I was able to look back on myself while watching this movie. It makes me think and feel a lot. This is the most thoughtful movie I've seen this year. Make sure to watch it!
10,I think it's an obvious family movieI didn't expect much. Something touches my nose amid the characters' misunderstanding and conflict, and my heart warms whenever the conflicts are resolved. The story of each character's point of view also adds interest.
10,I watched the movie of my lifeI am still deeply moved and deeply moved
8,a heartwarming movie
9,It's a moving movie.
10,I was so touched the whole time I watched it ♡
8,Why do I cry so much? It was a movie that made me think that I should be someone who acts to warm up the world.
10,I watched it with my family, but it's so directorial. Our kids are giving us thumbs up.
10,It's good. It's goodAh.
9,a story of growing up together
10,There's no time to get bored with the gentle flow.A true well-made movie that had good production, acting, and story
9,It was a wonderful time to get hope and courage with children during the vacation with a movie again with a novel.
8,It was as good as a booka warm movie
10,The best warmth that reminds me of my family's face one by one.
10,It's been a while since I watched a moving movieI watched it because an acquaintance recommended it.All the actors are so good at acting. Everyone's nose and eyes are red.It was a great time.
9,The beauty of the earth that I didn't know because it was so close
8,It would be nice to gather people protesting against the construction of a special school near where they live and screen it. I think there will be a lot of topics to discuss if I show them in elementary, middle and high schools.
10,When you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness.  A movie that anyone who goes to school should watch.
10,I learn that goodness is not ambiguous.
10,It was a movie that made me cry. Tears fell throughout the whole time. I guess I can spend my hard days with laughter for such a beautiful come-from-behind victory. Thank you for making a warm movie♡
10,I almost clapped with him at the last clapping scene.
10,It was more touching and beautiful than I expectedㅠㅠ I cried a lot. It's my favorite movie
10,The best movie to watch while holding hands with an elementary school kid!!! My son, who only knows about entertainment, also teared up!ㅜㅜ
10,This is a movie with 10 points
10,It is a movie that conveys the emotions of each character.
10,It's so touching.This cold winter warms my heart.
9,I watched it with my kidIt's a heart-warming movie. It's a story that adults would know, but I wanted to watch it with my child^^ I saw it well
9,It's good to show the hearts of various characters from various angles
9,It's a good movie, but it's common
10,The theater and audience were small, but the fun and touching moments were the best!I don't understand why the audience is so small!It's a movie that makes sense when you see why the audience gives you a perfect score of 10!
10,It's a movie that I really recommendMake sure you watch it
10,It's the best movie evermoving
1,It's to prevent ratings and major evaluations
10,A life movie dedicated to those who do not have the courage to face the world because of the wounds suffered by others.
10,It's the best! Make sure to watch it
10,A healing movie that doesn't need words
10,It's a subtitle movie that even an 8 year old can pull off well. I really enjoyed it as a kind movie
10,It wasn't a movie about torturing and interrogating, but it was an excellent movie that I chose to be touched I strongly recommend it. I hope elementary and middle school students can watch it together It's a masterpiece that warms your heart
10,For a more beautiful and just society! I strongly recommend it!
2,There is not much difference between downloading it on the internet and watching it at the movie theater
10,It's the first movie that WONDER watched while crying from start to finish
10,I hope there will be more theaters like this
10,It was so fun and nice. I thought it might be boring because it was a calm movie, but it wasn't like that at all. I watched a very good movie after a long time and I still feel touched.
9,It's not too heavy. It's fun and touching.b
10,It was a movie that I watched and felt a lot with elementary school children. I strongly recommend it. I watched it in the smallest theater because of commercial movies. It's a good movie, but it's a shame
10,Ah, it is the best movie ever ^^!
10,I enjoyed it. Good, good, good
10,I recommend it! It's a movie worth watching
10,I recommend it for family movies and company group viewing.  It was a movie that reminded me of the basics. It's a must-see movie for adults who are more powerful and powerful than children.
10,This kind of movie needs to get 10 million viewers. I really liked the movie. Daniel Rose Russell So pretty ♡♡♡
10,Personally, I don't think there's a better movie for 20OOO than Wonder.
10,It feels like my heart is melting
9,a heart-warming movie
10,It's touching. I recommend it.
10,Julia Roberts' acting is so good
10,It's a moving movie. I watched it with an elementary school kid. I think the child felt a lot of things.
10,It's a heartwarming and touching movie
8,It was so much funHaha
10,It's touching and touching.Parents who have more than two children will think about each child, parents' pain, children's pain, good people.People who don't.It makes me think a lot.
10,I had a burn on my arm and I didn't like people's eyes, so I covered it with a bandage, so I wanted to watch the movie as soon as I saw the trailer From the beginning of the movie, I understood how you felt, so I cried a lot ㅜㅜJack and Summer are so pretty It's a touching and heartwarming movie
10,It's been a long time since I saw a heart-warming movie It's not a movie that rings like a new wave, but calmly realityYou expressed your humor well in there
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters. It was great.
10,I was both heartbroken and overwhelmed the whole time I watched it.It's good to know what true courage is and how to build a friendship
10,The movie I want to see again, it's even more touching to see at CineCube!
9,I liked the way the story was told, and it's a film that lingers
9,All I have to say is that I like this kind of movie a lot ㅜㅜㅜ
10,If you want to choose between right and kind and kind, you have to choose kindness.
10,The power of infinite positivity Family love and friends. A movie that gives you the courage to overcome it
9,It is a very interesting and touching movie. I think it is a movie that can build confidence for all children.
10,Very touching ㅠㅠ
9,A heartwarming movie ㅠㅠ It's a movie I want to keep and watch
10,Movies that you want to watch when you're depressed or need comfort
10,Touching movie. Warm and
10,Good. It's a touching movie
10,It's a movie that touches both adults and children. If you have a child, I recommend you to watch it together.
10,It's a movie that makes you smile like a mother from beginning to end! They're your family, they're all so beautifulIt's a pretty and pure movie I hope that Julia Roberts' performance will be a great opportunity for more movies like this I highly recommend it!
10,Good job. Good jobI enjoyed it
10,Touching ㅠㅠ Well-made Movie
10,A story is presented from various perspectives. a heartwarming movie
10,I watched a lot of movies. It was the best movie I watched last year
10,Wow! It's so touching.
9,It's a movie where I cried because I was sad, cried because I was thankful, and cried because I was happy. Each and every line was meaningful. It was a good movie. Regardless of age or gender, I recommend you to take a look.
10,It must be the best movie I've seen recently!
10,a film that changes one's mind
10,It was a movie that really touched my heart. It's too bad that there aren't many movie theaters. It was also a time to reflect on me once again. I was so happy to see a good movie.
9,Many truths in the movie shined with a lot of empathyThe inevitable pain of his existence is constantly growing for all of us, forcing ourselves into selfish escapes.It's an unusual family drama that depicts inner conflict in the most natural and emotional way
9,It's calm but not boring. The production is neat and clean. A very lovely movie.
10,It's my first time getting a GPA. It's so touching. It's my life-time work. Please watch it
10,It was so touching. It was touching.
10,It was a warm movie Recommendation
10,a heartwarming movie
10,Everything is perfect. I was able to come back with a warm heart. I'm going to watch it again, and if there's an iptv, I'd like to pay and wait and see.
10,The best movie director is the best!
10,A movie that can be remembered pleasantly, warmly and beautifully. Each one has a good point of view. If you compare Jack's mother and Julian's mother... The home environment is important!
9,It's a movie I want to recommend to everyone who needs courage. People have their own circumstances and reasons, and I feel a lot of things while looking back on these days when it is easy to think self-centered.
10,I was so touched ~♡Jack Will is the best♡
10,The history of our growth. It's been a while since I watched a movie that made me think "I did a good job."
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It's a movie that I watched by chance, so I'm glad I watched it. A perfect movie that doesn't get boring for a second is really the best.
10,He's a wonder himself. You can't judge a person's relationship by the standards of right and wrong.Everyone is in a different situation. But I just feel like I'm gonna have to be kind enough to carry Julia Roberts to her husband, who knows what the last present she got from him was? I suddenly wondered
10,I think it's going to be my life movie.
10,It's the best movie ever. Watch it with mom and dad adolescent girls. I strongly recommend it
8,It's fun. I'm touched
10,a pretty and lovely movie
1,It's not 1 point. It's about 5 points. I'm going to give you 1 point because it's too high I hope there's no one who gets tricked like me.
8,It's a touching and warm movie^^
10,I envy the country where you can make this kind of movie. The principal is so cool
10,All the characters were attractive and the storytelling was refreshing. :)
10,These days, tired of movies and dramas full of power struggles, political events, violence, and conspiracies, I felt warm after watching movies that are pure and family-like for the first time in a long time. A movie that can melt the cold in the middle of winter with calm emotion. I strongly recommend it around me, but why should there be fewer theaters like this?
9,Don't just think about your own situation, but think about other people's
8,You're so cute and lovelyIt's a warm movie about the growth period of Eo-gi calmly. ^^
10,There was no room for the tissue to dry.
10,The inner side is more important than the outer side of a person
10,A really good movie that gives hope and courage and thinks from someone else's point of view. A movie with many things to watch, talk about, and think about with children.I think I need to look at others and live my life. It's a shame that there aren't many screenings
10,Can you give me 11 stars? It's the best.
10,A classy work that reveals the difference from similar Korean movies
8,It's good for a New Year's movie.
10,Good. Make sure you watch itL
10,It was a touching moviecrying
10,Wow, it's really fun. It's been a long time since I saw a movie with such a calm echo. This kind of movie should do well, but it's sad to see the audience
8,I could get a glimpse of the lives of people with disabilities and the lives of their families I think it's important to understand each other and get through it.
10,It was a good movie that warmed my heart^^
10,My heart warmed in the cold winter
4,Almost as obvious as a commercial film
10,A warm movie, talking about differences.
9,It was touching and I felt that disability was uncomfortable, not strange.I think it'd be nice to watch it with (G)I-DLE
10,It is a movie that I want to watch again. It was touching and it was a valuable time for my son, who is in the lower grades of elementary school, to see me and others without prejudice.
10,It's a good movie to watch with children. "If you were born special, you can't live a normal life." remains in my heart.
4,I was looking forward to it because Jacob and the movie material were good, but I was disappointed. A story that is overly moving. They shared their perspectives like coolness and passion, but their concentration became blurred. If you study English, it will be easy to listen to.
10,It's a movie that makes me think about important things in life
10,It's a little sad that there aren't many movie theaters like this, so we can't watch it a lot.I got healing from watching it with (G)I-DLE
10,A movie that is so touching and makes me think about life
10,It is such a touching movie. It was so touching when I got through the difficulty and made friends around Eogi while always thinking positively even in a difficult environment
10,The kids love it. I cried, too
9,If a child is born, I want to raise him like Jack Will.
9,I wasn't expecting much, but I was going to sleep, but I got into it! I don't like this kind of movie, but I really enjoyed it
9,It was so good. So touching
10,Everyone deserves to be applauded at least once
9,It's touching, but it's a bummer.
10,The movie that seemed like the best gift to me on my birthday. It is embarrassing, but it is the first time to cry the most in a movie theater and to go with warmth when I leave the movie theater. If you want to start this year properly, I recommend you to watch a movie.
7,What is this...Ratings should never be an element of movie choice. Why is the rating so high?  Are you trying to raise your emotions in the cold winter...?
10,How can the kids cry like this?
10,It's my first time using NAVER's rating! It was hard to watch because there weren't many theaters, but it's the best movie. Tears in my eyes and a smile in my mouth. Make sure to watch it!
8,A film for everyone who has their own tough fight
10,I couldn't see without tears. Every line stuck in my heart. Family, friends, colleagues, and other people with disabilities will be more touching because they feel a lot of reality. It was the best movie of my life! Really...!
10,It's like a song that comforts those who are going through hard times
10,A movie that comforts everyone who is having a hard time
8,It was a drama about growing young peopleEveryone has different thoughts and situations!
1,If you can't even see the candle, the second one is this precious
9,It was a touching story that I could see with my child. If this was reality, I wish.
9,Everyone has their own precious stories
10,I recommend the movie "Wonder". It's like a fun fairy tale for all ages. It's a movie that makes me cry because I like it.
10,It warms my heart!
9,A movie that can be seen with a happy dad's smile
10,It was so good. As I expected,
10,It's a movie that makes you feel touched and think about many things. There are a lot of great lines. Make sure you see a house with a child.
1,But this score...
10,It's a movie that will remain in my heart. It's so touching
10,I watched this movie today I thought it would be just the story of the main character, but the main story was about family and friends who had a misunderstanding If I were you, what would I have been like if my old friend was around me? Maybe I wouldn't have approached. I reflect on Jack's actions
9,A movie that makes me think a lot as a parent
10,We are all just wonder in itself.I am so thankful and happy that this is my first movie of the year.It is a movie that has a wide variety of reasons for tears while watching.
10,It's the best movie I've seen in recent years. It's a really good movie. The directing and acting skills were particularly impressive, and I liked the feeling that everyone was the main character. There was no time to be bored in each scene. I don't know much about movies, but I can say it's a well-made movie.
10,It's perfect for the first movie of the new year. a heartwarming movie
10,A heartwarming real movie.
10,Face? You don't have to worry about it
10,Movie recommendation with laughter and emotion!
10,It was a heartwarming and overwhelming movie. I hope there will be more of these people in our reality.
10,After watching the movie, there was a great emotion that filled my heart with something warm. I haven't felt this way in a while since I watched a movie. The story is good, but the delicate directing ability is even more amazing.
10,It is by far the best movie I have seen in the past year.
10,From the beginning, tears and emotions ㅜㅜ
10,Please extend the running time of the theater
10,I really liked the scene where each character showed his thoughts
10,I wish I had a friend like Jack Wall
10,The perspective and position of many people surrounding the main character, and the story of growing together, were touching.
9,If you have to choose between transfer and kindness, choose kindness.
10,The movie is really good~~ It's too bad that there's no theater.
8,It must be a good movie.
10,It's touching. I cried a lot
10,It's the best. All the lines are memorable
9,a sad and touching movie
10,A warm movie! I really enjoyed watching it.
10,I really want to recommend it! It seems like a warm movie.
10,I thought to myself when the ending came up after this movieIf I watched this movie when I was in school, wouldn't I be a more mature person now? I've come to think again about what kind of person I am
10,I'm a man, but I've never cried this much in a movie theater. I want the whole country to watch it by increasing the number of theaters, but it's too bad. It's a movie that gives me that much strength Make sure to watch it. Really... It's my favorite movie
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it from beginning to end, and each line gave me strength as a 30-year-old I didn't want to miss the scene in the bathroom. I held it in until the endㅜㅜ
10,The innocence and sincerity of the children touched my heart, and it was my first time to see a good movie
10,It was so touching.
10,a heartwarming growth movie
9,Warm and beautiful Younghoㅓ
10,It was a heart-warming movieIt must be hard to live with a family with a disability, but I think the actors relieved that feeling wellI had a hard time living these days. I had a lot of complaints, but I need to look around and be thankfulI watched it alone, but I'm going to watch it with my family again
8,It's touching, but it's so straightforward.
10,It was really fun...! When I was young, I could relate to it and it was a movie full of memories, so I think it was more touching. It was so nice to see each person from a different perspective. I miss you again
10,Personally, it's one of the top 3 movies since last year
10,I'm touched. I'm touched
10,Good. ♡♡ The kids are so funny
10,If a child is born, I want to raise him like Jack Will. I agree with that comment. Make sure to watch it! crying
5,I enjoyed watching it in a different wayIt's a movie that warms your heart when you watch it with your family
7,It is much better than OOO and OOO
9,The movie I watched with my mother after a long time.I lived with my weaknesses and hid them, but when I faced other people's weaknesses, I was trying to undermine them and look superior. I hope everyone will respect each other.
10,I think I watched the best movie with my family after a long timeThank you so much for saying let's go see such a good movie?
10,It's a touching movie. Watching movies from my mom's perspective made me cry a lot of times
10,I didn't expect much. But I don't feel sorry for watching this movie. It was such a good movie. It was a heart-warming movie. I had a great time. A movie that makes you want to watch it again.
8,Stimulate your emotions. I just love it.
6,A family movie worth watching.
10,I recommend it. ^^ I really enjoyed watching it with my kid
8,It's a healing movie! I'm going to press "Recommendation" button
10,Everyone is struggling in their own circumstances...
10,It's not sad, but it can be touching
8,A movie that every parent should watch.Especially for parents who have a daughter and a son, please watch it!
10,I like the story method that shows each person's inner thoughts like flip. The movie was very warm, and my deep stress from my harsh life had the effect that everything around me looked good at the moment I came out of the movie theater. Please make a lot of healing movies like this :) Thank you!
8,It's a movie that makes you happy when you watch it even though it's obvious that you're niceHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh The performance of expressing the emotions of the baby by wearing a space suit was also lovely
10,The movie that made me happy and warm my heart. There were so many good lines and I hope there will be many movies like this. Eogi and his friends were so lovely :)
10,The movie that made me cry while watching it. Not only breaking but also telling other people's stories seems to say that everyone is the ball in their life. All the fish in the world.You are wonder.!!
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,It's so touchingThe movie that made me cry the most in my life ♡
10,A warm movie. I cried, laughed, and enjoyed it, and I was happy because there were no forced tears or forced laughter elements.
10,I didn't know the time went by. It was good because it not only showed the main character, but also expressed the situation and thoughts of various characters.
10,It's my first time registering for 10 stars Until last year, I watched the movie with the most satisfaction. Not to mention acting, the story is really good, and my heart is warm. I want to keep this movie. There is no forced part in each character's story and I understand it I really liked the way they told the story
10,Touching but not neo-fascinating
10,It's a heart-warming, beautiful movie that you must watch ~
10,Beautiful story for everyone to see ㅜㅜ
10,It's a must-see movie
10,Laughter, sadness, fun, touching. It was the best movie with a lesson. Parents. Children. The teacher. A movie that students should watch! No, a movie that they should watch. A movie that anyone can watch.  It's a movie that warms your heart-warming
10,It seems to be the only movie that's not that different from the book.It's a movie that I really want to show to kids these days.I strongly recommend it~~^^
10,It's a movie that smiles all the time and warms your heart all the time you watch it. Miranda is so pretty
10,It's better than I expected. It's in the form of an episode, so it's a warm movie that doesn't get boring.
10,A movie that makes viewers want to be nice and nice. I hope there will be more good movies like this. The best since "Love Actually"Love Actually"
10,The first movie I watched on vacation with my children. I was worried if I could understand because it was my first time to watch a normal movie, not Annie. A movie that is easy for children to understand, comfortable, and touching. I recommend it!
10,A heartwarming family movie. It gives a deep impression and echo to our society, which is moving toward an appearance-oriented society. Choose kindness between right and kindAs a guide to our lives!
10,Please let everyone watch this movie! It's such a lovely and warm story ㅠㅠ We're going to shoot the 3rd one before we get off!
10,I would like to recommend the movie to others because it is organized in an easy-to-understand way and the content is good. Also, it made me think once again that having a true friend in life is a wonderful thing.
10,It's touching and very good at acting
9,I enjoyed watching it with my cousins
10,I thought it would be sad, but it was a comforting movie. It was even better because I could feel the position of each character and the lines were so pretty.
8,There are meaningful comments. I think he dealt with the subtle flow of emotions in ordinary relationships well.
10,It's a movie that teaches you the lesson of an ideal family, a child like that, and a parent like that, but it conveys an inexplicable warmth and passionate emotion?! It's a movie that warms your heart and gives you a beautiful impression
8,I liked Hugh Jackman without any information. It was so exciting and fun. The story was obvious, but it was so touching and there were things to see. I enjoyed watching it Hahaha
10,Through this movie, I realized how to live in the world and there are many things to learn! It's a movie where you can feel the maturity of every line that a 10-year-old doesn't say It's a movie where you can feel the love of your family
1,It is not enough to have the highest rating ever.
9,It seems obvious, but it's not obvious and it's a touching story The main character, Eo-gi. Everyone around him is so cool. I think it's because he's such a cool person. So I envied the main character while watching the movie. The production of various perspectives is amazing
10,It was a heartwarming movie.
10,It's my favorite movie. a film in which everyone is the main character, not just the younger one
8,It's a heart-warming movie!:)
10,Rather than giving a big impression, watching the movie was better because I was touched by calmness throughout. Please make a lot of movies like this It was a really healing movie.
10,I wish the movie would be long It gave me a lot of interesting movie lessons and it was funny. It was calm but spectacular by my standards I don't think you have the same taste as me, but even if you have different tastes, I'm sure this movie will stimulate your mind
10,It's a heartwarming movie. I look back on my own life. It's a really good movie.
10,a film that leaves a long lingering impression
10,It was the most touching and lingering movie I've seen recently
10,It's my first time using it. It's a very good movie.Make sure to watch it!
10,As expected, like a wallflower director, Wonder itself is so lovely ^^
10,I don't think it was a big hit because there was no media play marketing, but it's a touching and very good movie
9,It's a good movie to watch with my family. It's just sad, so I think I'm going to cry from January 1st. It's not a sad movie. It's a warm movie. It's a bit teary. Thanks to you, I feel warm on New Year's Day
10,The best! That's all I can say.
10,The best movie ever. You learned a lot.
10,Because I'm not normal either.
9,It was a great movie I was impressed by many things
9,Julia Roberts, a warm and touching healing movie that embraces each other, reconciles, and permeates love, is so old. The acting was good.
10,It's common, but it's fun and warm. It's the last movie of 2017, and at the same time, it's the best movie of 2017. I hope these movies become popular
10,Make sure to watch the best movie!!!
10,I recommend this movie the most
10,I want a dubbed version I want to watch it with my kid
10,Tears are falling down...Cheer up, disabled people, their families and friends.
10,A must-see movie if you want to make friends
9,It wasn't just a good movie to get over the pain. It was very good to solve it by going back to the perspective of each of the main characters. a smooth, well-made film It's worth seeing.
9,Everyone's patience works wonders. Intelligence trumps appearance.
10,There is not much time between the masterpieces, but I wanted to watch it, so I guessed it. It was touching and I was happy to find a healing movie because I felt warm.
10,"Be kind to all who fight hard."
10,I really enjoyed the movie with the flip feeling, but the fact that there are so few theaters is that I hope that Korean movies can be reduced
8,Even if it's hard, you have to take courage and move forward.
6,Each character's position was well harmonized and expressed, but the movie is too loose. I should have adjusted the cut more, but as the story gets longer, I feel like I have four legs. As a result, even the connection between events seems to be reduced.
9,I watched it with my whole family at the end of the year and they said it was the best movie I've seen recently. I recommend it!
8,It doesn't seem like much, but it seeps in without realizing it. The center of the universe is family.
9,It's a detox movie. Repeated daily life and happiness
9,A beautiful and good movie, but it's impossible in Heljosen. It's a warm story that can only be found in American society
9,옳은지 친절한지 둘 중 하나를 선택할 수 있다면, 친절을 선택하세요.
9,It's based on a true story, but ironically, it's a typical story of a good movie (blindside).However, some actors' performances make it feel real (especially Julia Roberts)
10,Rather than sad, I strongly recommend it
10,They said they enjoyed the good
10,Make sure to watch a really touching movie
10,a heartwarming movie It's been a long time since I saw a good movie
7,It's not a movie with such a high rating. It's worth seeing
10,A movie where you can feel the warmth...  That's good.
1,This isn't it... It was okay in the beginning. And lastly
7,It's a good idea to talk from the perspective of many people, but it's a shame that each story lacks depth. It's an obvious but pretty good movie.
10,I can't believe you're pulling tears out of my eyes
10,a tearfully beautiful film
10,It's a good movie that warms my heart. I'm going to try to be like your parentsI strongly recommend it
10,The children were so lovely and they smiled and shed tears all the time. I want to be your parents, Jack Will, Summer.
8,Children are the main characters, but adults must watch this movie!
10,Did you really like it? ♥?A movie that you can watch two or three times!
10,I shed tears of emotion for two hours. It was so warm and pure that everyone's heart was so touching even though they didn'touched.All the main characters are so lovely!!!
10,I didn't expect much, but I really liked the way you told the story, so I sympathized a lot! I hope it's a warm world like this.
10,It's too damming. Make sure to watch it
10,It's a movie that touches children's emotions and family love It's a movie with a beautiful perspective that looks at the hardships of everyday life that can happen to anyone!  I want to see it again.
10,It's not a movie, it's a story
10,Too bad the number of theaters is so small.  This kind of movie should be a hit.
10,My eyes turned red throughout the movie.It was a heart-warming healing movie for the first time in a while!
10,It's so touching!
9,It's a good movie to watch with your family. I watched it with my elementary school kids
8,It's a movie about a disabled person living in a calm way. It depicts such a heartwarming world.
10,It was a warm movie that moved my heart after a long time.
9,Family movie recommendation~I like it's good
10,It was so touching. It was good
10,I liked the fact that I didn't miss "The Neighbor" in the movie. This kind of movie usually doesn't pay attention to 'the people around you'.
10,오기는 그의 외모를 바꿀 수 없어. 그러니 우리 모두가 보는 방식을 바꿀 수 있을지도 몰라. 따뜻한 영화입니다.
8,It's a calm but good movie.
10,It was a nice, non-stimulating, warm movie
1,Movies to watch on TV!    At the theater, it's not that good!
5,To be honest, it's so gross. I respect them in the head, but... It is hard to watch the movie until the end. I recommend you not to watch it if you are squeamish.
10,너 정말 대단하다.
9,It was a movie that made us happy together through directing from various perspectives. I recommend this movie to remind you of the importance of your family and friends
10,A movie that made me start the new year in a good mood. It's been a while since I saw a movie like this
9,The movie that I happened to see became a heartwarming movie that made me want to watch it again. It was really good
10,He's a normal person, so I give him 10 as a normal person.I am just thankful that I saw the most beautiful movie in my life because of the beautiful imagination of the director.
10,It was so touching that I cried the whole time I watched itI think it was good to be able to see from the perspective of some characters and not be bored but to know how they feelI was moved more than I thought and the words from the movie touched my heart a lot
10,A must-see movie. A really amazing movie
10,Although his face is not ordinary, I would like to applaud the small victory of his young age to the courageous and beautiful eogi. And it is good to see the warm appearance of family members.
10,I strongly recommend it! I strongly recommend it!!Everyone in the world is enduring itEven the dog...Everyone who wants to love
10,It's a movie that shows why it has the highest rating
10,a heartwarming movie
9,Our educational reality is abnormal, which feels so nice
10,Facing the world of an unusual child. I want to raise it like this. To make it a normal daily life for mom, child, family, and everyone in the world^^
10,A movie that's touching even if you watch it twice!
10,The composition, the actors' acting...It's an obvious plot, but it's a well-made movie that's not obvious A movie that I want to watch two or three times!
8,Lovely, lovely, lovely
10,Highly recommended! Lovely stories of lovely characters
10,I feel like I'm getting warm comfort and strength during the cold winter♡Jack Will ♡♡♡
10,The meanings and impressions of life hidden between conversations. I'm going to go the way of the heart leads. If I believe, there are miracles.
10,"I can't change my face.We have to change our perspective." A touching movie. I strongly recommend it.
10,It was the most impressive movie I've seen recentlyI really liked the heart-warming storyIt's a movie you should watch at least once
10,A movie that enables you to understand human life beyond touching
10,Make sure to watch a heart-warming movie
10,It's a better movie to watch with children
10,I really recommend it Listen to the children's stories of their own
6,It would have been better if it was more detailed, but it seems like it's only telling the outline It was less touching than I thought.
10,Wonder, who wept the whole time, but was happy to see.It's the first time since Goodbye My Friend.It's my favorite movie.I recommend it to everyone without hesitation I'm glad there's a movie that I can talk about
10,If you were to talk about this movie with 100 people, which movie would you recommend to 100 people
10,Movie that I really want to recommend~ Everyone is special and each person is the main character of their life~ When you have to choose right and kind, choose kindness~ Courage is a movie that makes you think about what strength is and what true beauty is. It would be nice to watch it with children and the whole family^^
10,It was the best movie ever. It was a beautiful movie where I went to see it without much expectation and got choked up several times and thought a lot about life after coming out.
10,It's not as good as the original, but I highly recommend both the original and the movie
10,A heartwarming family movie. Throwing a lot of things to think about
10,I think it's a perfect movie, but the reporters are fascinated. I hope there will be many movies like this. The movie that I watched happily because it showed how important I am to protect myself and how important my family members are
10,May the best holiday for you be Christmas, not Halloween anymore, Happy Christmas - Dear Eogi.
10,A family movie that everyone must watch. We're all special
9,Touching movie? I recommend it as a family movie
10,It was the best movie of my life movie. All the characters were lovely and I think I have a goal in my life. Thank you. ㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,I'm proud of how each and every one of you grows and overcomes in your life.♡
10,너는 나의 경이로움이다.
8,A movie that will cheer you up when you watch it on a tough day!
10,It's a very healthy and heartwarming movie. I can't stop crying throughout the movie. It was a heart-healing movie because it was pure and deeply touching. ^^ Make sure you watch it
10,It's a really good piece of work.
7,It was easy. It was just a normal family movie or drama
10,It's fun and touching
10,It was a movie that satisfied my eyes, and I enjoyed watching it because it was a new kind of movie
10,What a lovely movie! I learned how to love inside through you, your family, your friends♡
10,My life movie. It's a beautiful movie that makes me smile. Take your handkerchief
10,I miss you. A touching story
8,I wanted to be a good person with 20OOO goal this year. I think I found my way.
9,I cried my eyes out It was touching and good
10,New Year's touching story...ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It will be a lovely movie of my life
10,I am glad that I saw this movie as my first movie of 20OOO. It's a warm movie to beat the cold winter. All the characters in the movie shine brightly. (Except for the Julian family.)
10,It's a moving and instructive movie. I think it'd be good for children to watch
10,This is my desire to give 20 points.
9,A heart-warming time with a miracle child
9,Everyone cried and everyone was happy
10,Why did I keep crying ㅠㅠ Healing movie
10,It's so touching that I can't say. I hope you can see it once.
10,I highly recommend a family growth movie.
1,It doesn't make any sense humanly to go beyond Shawshank's Escape
10,From the perspective of each character, I can sympathize with each character's thoughts and realize once again the reason why there is such a idiom. This is really a masterpiece movie
9,A proper family movie for the holidays.
10,A movie that many people want to see
10,인생 최고의 영화를 만나서 행복합니다*^^*
10,It's a touching family drama.
10,There's another life movie. It's a movie that's touching and makes me think about a lot of things.
10,It was touching and I liked to deal with everyday things
10,I don't know why there are so many good movies these days. It was a beautiful movie that made me cry with warm and pleasant excitement.
10,It's such a sad movie that time goes by. It's a heartwarming movie that makes you want the story to continue
10,It's such a good movie that it's hard to understand the people who are trying to evaluate this movie, and it's great to cast the cast where they gathered the cast in this combination.  A good movie that is sad but not new, but with a smile but a bigger echo and emotion than that.
10,There's no need for words. Just look
10,Family, friends, courage, love, consideration... It's a very, very warm movie. I hope there will be more family members, teachers, and friends like this.
10,I lived abroad, so I watched it first, and it became my life movie!!! Make sure to watch it!
10,After watching it, I feel like I'm one step closer to the beautiful world.It's a great movie that really heated my heartIt's the movie of my life
10,A movie that doesn't need words, a good movie to watch with your family!!!!
8,A family movie that warms your heart. Two tears while watching it. I keep thinking of the word that we should look at differently.
10,I watched it at the movie theater, but I'm going to watch it again.If you like the chorus and Billie Elliot, make sure to watch it
10,"Special" movie! It was a good movie to watch in the new year ㅠㅠ The whole time I watched it, I cried and I was so moved by spring.
10,The most heart-warming movie of the winter
10,Being able to give courage to everyone...It's a good movie
10,It's been a while since I watched a moving movie Hah!
10,A masterpiece! It's one of the best movies since my internship. I thought it would be boring, but it wasn't boring. I cried while watching it. I lost track of time It's a movie that I want to watch twice
10,I couldn't help but cry when I saw him overcome his disability and firmly overcome it at the end
8,It's such a lovely story. A movie that celebrates the end of the year!
9,A film with warm humor and emotion.A lot of people... Especially, I want parents who raise children and growing Ani to see them.
10,It's a fact that makes you shed tears naturally, not moved by the heart of a Korean movie
10,Log in to get 10 points...I only slept for 2 hours yesterday, so I was worried that I would sleep more than the movie, but I really concentrated on it.One more thing, people who gave this movie a one-point rating say it was for terrorists, but I don't understand why movie experts' scores are like that.-_-:;
10,What a warm movie! It's not a waste of money. Recommendation!
10,wonder???  more fun!!!
10,It's touching...crying
10,The sun cannot shine alone
10,A movie where you can feel the warmth comfortably.It's so heavy and careful, but it's pretty and comfortable, and it has the charm to accept it as it is without overdoing it!
10,Spotlight on all the characters! It was an opportunity for me to grow myself crying
10,Although he was buried with the 1987 god, lookI usually don't watch the low reservation rate, so I thought about it a few times before watching this.But it's a movie that completely changes my mind after watching it.Oh, my recommendation is that it's a masterpiece.I recommend it to those who are worried like me
10,It's a great movie. Time flew by.
10,I read the book and I was so impressed that I recommended it to my daughter who was in elementary school and cried in similar parts, but it came out as a movieI took the kids with me. The second daughter of the 4th grade in elementary school who hasn't read the book yet cries and I strongly recommend it
10,I thought about it throughout the movie! "Yes, this is my life movie!" What is this kind of movie that doesn't get first? I really recommend it. It's not a waste to pay for the New Year's bow It's organized, it's moving, it's witty.It's really perfect!
10,I wanted to show the kids, so I was moved and came out  I hope everyone has a good heart
10,It's been a while since I watched a fun and touching movie.It would be nice to watch it with your family. Especially with the kids who fight with their younger brother.
8,It's an obvious heart-warming movie, but the directing doesn't give you a chance to be bored.
9,Book Cherum is funIt's a shame that we didn't talk about Julian, but I recommend you to talk about warm family~~
10,It's the movie where I felt the most calm emotion since "Real Steel".If you're curious about him, you just have to look.
10,It's a great movie to watch with your family. I'm going home feeling warm ^^
9,It was really good. Ten, ten, ten
10,It's so warm and touching
10,Everyone has a day that shines once The pain of the baby is slowly conveyed and tears are coming
10,It was the best movie of my life!
1,It was funny and touching, but personally, it doesn't make sense to have a higher rating than the movie of my life, Shawshank Escape I think.
10,We don't have enough time for this fun movie!I strongly recommend it. It's really fun!It's a movie where you can learn touching and life lessons!!!!
10,I wonder if I dare to judge this movie.
10,It's a movie dedicated to all the families in Korea who have a hard life.Julia Roberts is a great actress.
7,- 저, 저는...
10,There is nothing to throw away.  Each and every character is precious.
9,I think it's a touching and great movie.
10,It's the best movie ever. You should watch it
9,Judy of Zootopia, who said, "All we have to fear is fear," was seen in the appearance of the fish, "A clean and wise child is better than ten adults." A great fishing season because you don't know why you're great.
1,This isn't 9.44... Please adjust the score
10,I enjoyed watching this genre. It could be very boring if you do something wrong, but I enjoyed watching it because it went on without being bored. I was able to look back on myself
10,This is what a movie is... Make sure you watch it
10,It's really wonderful. I can still feel the emotion of the movie.
10,Heartwarming family movies are all nice
10,A good movie with a beautiful composition.
10,The movie is sad because we understand and sympathize with each other.
9,It made me realize once again that American parents' education is about talking and making children understand. And the fact that every story has two sides also seems to have been an important message. It's a touching, cute, and heartwarming movie!
10,It's so much fun and it's worth waking up early in the morning
8,A movie that tells and shows the limitations of the material, the process of a child born with facial deformities being mixed into mediocrity. I thought only the story of the sun would be shown, but it was good to hear the story of the planets orbiting around it.
10,I'm going to watch it again. It was touching
10,It's a movie that heals me all the whole time.I think this kind of movie is a real movie
10,a tearful love story of a warm family trying to free themselves from the prejudices of the world
10,I thought it would be obvious, but it wasn't
10,a healing film As the movie was released from each family's perspective, each family sympathized with each other's situation and felt warm fun and emotion. I heard that Zelzak has a lot of theaters.I want my family to watch it together at the beginning of the year. Please increase the number of theaters
10,It's warm. Difference is beauty.
8,I couldn't help but smile as I watched the overall perfection and the still regret of the beneficial-dramatic approach behind me. a loveable baby
10,Just looking. What a great and amazing power it has!
10,I'm really curious that there's a mess in America
10,Eogi, who wore a helmet in most of the early scenes of the movie, always took off his helmet in the second half of the movie, and tears flowed. It's the best movie ever
10,I want to give you at least 100 stars But it's sad that there aren't many theaters showing it
10,It's so warm. It's fun
10,A masterpiece! Everyone can relate to it. I'm reflecting on my life
10,I was happy, sad, and thankful all the time.I hope this kind of movie takes a long time
9,It's like Forest Gump
9,It was a really touching movie I think it's a good movie to watch with your family I don't know what true beauty is. What is true courage and the conditions of a friend in this world? I think it was a movie that taught me a lesson
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie with my family
10,A movie where everything was good. The whole family was moved on January 1st. I think it's time for a 10-year-old son and a 7-year-old daughter to think about each other.
10,It was a very heartwarming and good movie I hope more touching and warm movies like this will be released^-^ It was unique in that they dealt with each other's positions. There were a lot of famous lines. But the number of theaters is too small. I want you to stretch it outㅠ
9,It was sad and touching, said the 5th and 3rd graders
10,It's so touching and fun^^
8,The movie is good, but I can't concentrate because of the elementary school kids who set it up right next to me -- I honestly didn't do anything at the cinema when I was a kid--
9,There aren't many theaters... Hahaha
10,A society in a warm movie, a society where the principle of envy works
10,I've seen a lot of movies over the years and they're the best. A movie that anyone can watch, laugh, and cry
7,It may have been boring for children, but the way they deal with misfortune is very polite.
10,I saw it yesterday and it was the best movie I saw last year. It was so warm and I was happy!I really recommend it!!!
10,The best movie of the year
10,The kids were so pretty.I think it is a movie that I realized a lot that my eldest son can overcome any hardship and adversity in my parents' love.The innocent feelings of the young friends were so good to see.It was so touching.It's so nice to start the new year with this movie
10,I hope everyone watches this movie A really warm movie
8,I recommend it as a family movie^^
9,It's a masterpiece with the actors' long acting skills
10,I guess he cried 5 times while watching me. He's so into it and he recommends watching it
10,This year's movie was the most fun
10,I liked the way it was reflected fairly from the perspective of the characters who appeared
9,a heartwarming movie
10,If you have a child, I highly recommend this movie!
10,Tears kept falling from the start to the end of the movie. It's a really good movie that you can relate to the emotions of each character. It's by far the best movie in recent releases.
10,It's really great Words of comfort cheered me up
10,You and the kids are so cuteI never get bored Make sure you watch it
10,It's really touching. The best human drama I've seen recently
10,"It looks weird, but it's okay"
10,The best movie of my life...
10,The best movie of 2017 to me...
9,It was nice to be warm and light on each other's positions
10,A movie that's touching but also telling you that you might be discriminating
9,Miracles of kindness, stories of beautiful people
10,It was good. I had a lot more fun watching and crying than with God Oh my god
10,It's a good movie to watch with family, friends, lovers.I strongly recommend it
9,The warmest gift box I got at the beginning of the year
10,It was a movie where I could get a calm impression with my family at the end of the year!
10,The only thing that's disappointing is the small number of theaters. Another movie of my life worth 100 points
9,A heart-warming movie...
10,It's my first time getting a star. I was happy to finish this year with this movie. It's my favorite movie
8,Oh, this is so calm. The person keeps on making me cry.It was hard because my nose kept getting stuffy...
10,The movie, Wonder, was really touched my heart
10,It's my first time to leave a movie review. I'm going to watch it with my mom again. Thank you for making such a heart-warming movie.
10,Right or kind?Kindness! I wish there was a teacher like this in real life
10,The most heartwarming movie I've seen this year is heartwarming
1,There are so many unnecessary scenes and it's a boring movie
10,I looked forward to it, but it was more than I expectedThe story was solid and touching!I don't really use my GPA because I'm lazy, but this was the best movie of the year!
9,The best movie of 2017, family recommendation movie, Gangseo-gu residents recommend movie ^^
10,It's a really touching movie ㅠㅠㅠ I deeply sympathized with everyone's pain and supported them  I felt a strong sense of family love^^ Life movie that many people want to see
10,Regardless of the quality of the work, the eyes of the kids are teary
10,Tears and runny nose are all gone.
1,I can't remember anything because I slept while watching it
10,I'm logging in because I want to leave a movie score for the first time in my life. I watched the movie because I thought it would be the last movie ahead of the birth, but I cried a lot because there were many touching moments with each line. It's a movie that reminds us that people are precious and that their existence is "wonder."
10,It was touching and fun. Good, good!
10,I've been looking forward to it since the previewI was deeply moved for a while in my seat after the movie was over Thank you for making a good movie It's the best.
9,It's been a long time since I paid for the ticket. It's so touching
10,The overall movie story line, acting, and OST were all good! The best movie in my life!
10,It's such a nice and pretty movie *_* Thank you for crying and laughing. How long will Julia Roberts be pretty? I hope everyone has seen this movie Crying
10,Wonder는 정말 감동적이고 놀라웠다. 가족들과 함께 봤는데 다들 그 영화를 좋아했어요. 나는 이 영화를 모두에게 추천한다.?
10,It's not because I'm sad. It's just a movie that makes me cry
10,I usually don't get a rating, but I really like this movie.I didn't understand that the audience was only 600,000, and I really liked the way the movie was edited (?), and although it had nothing to do with the movie, the room in the room looks very cozy (?).
9,A warm and kind movie. It's nice to see you with your year-end family
10,There's no one who's not the main character in this movieThere have been so many good movies this year, but it was the best movie of my life. "Everyone deserves a round of applause." That's a quote that can't be made!
8,It's the most worth seeing out of all the movies that have been released!
8,I watched it without any expectations and it made me emotional
1,Naver ratings are simply unbelievable. Sigh... Even if it's not good enough, it's cringe-worthy and if it's touching, it's generous
10,All the actors in the movie that made me feel the warmth of my empty heart are so cool!
10,A movie with warmth, emotion, and love!
9,As soon as I saw the preview, I said I'd watch it and I watched it todayI hope more people can see usIt's not spicy but it's touching and comforting. I enjoyed the warm movie
10,This kind of movie needs to be popular :)
9,What a lovely movie.
8,It was my daughter's 12th birthday and I showed her to the movies for the first time in her life.There was an incident in which children bullied a child while playing with germs at school, so it was a movie that was chosen with the intention of the mother. I strongly recommend this movie to watch with your child
8,I'm happy that this is the last movie I'm watching in 2017
10,It's a warm and nice movie.I recommend it
10,I watched about 20 movies this year. If I had to choose the best movie of the year, it would be wonder...I was overwhelmed the whole time, and there were so many brilliant lines...
10,It's the first movie I've ever rated. I was going to watch another movie, but there was no place, so I watched it. It was really lucky. I cried because it was so touching.I hope this movie becomes famous and I hope you make a lot of movies like this
9,Good. All the characters are alive and the content is neither too much nor too little.
10,I hope everyone can watch the movie again
9,Julia Roberts, you're such a master. You're a great actor.
8,This movie is really good for Christmas and the end of the year.The movie is also touching, but I think that children should be educated in developed countries
8,If you're looking for a drama that the whole family can watch together at the beginning of the year, I recommend it.
10,It's sour, but I can relate. Let's be nice.
10,I enjoyed watching it with the kids.
10,Disability is prejudice, but judging a person by his appearance is despite his hurtful arrogance
10,I hope Jacob Tremblay's future doesn't resemble McCurry Culkin's present
10,I'm already focusing on it
9,It was good. It's a dream family
10,Even though it's not a sad movie, I was with tears throughout the movie. I think it was the most touching movie I've seen recently
9,The meticulousness that doesn't throw away a character ^^
10,A movie for a daughter and son-in-law who just became parents
10,There is no need for words. most perfect film of 2017
10,It was touching To the kids?Especially, I think it is a good movie that can be shown to children who are in trouble with school violence these days It's the whole group, so I watched it with the kids. I strongly recommend The close-up of each person was good, too
9,I cried a lot. My mom's acting was the best
10,It's a movie that doesn't break the prejudice and melts it carefully!
10,I want to give 20 out of 10.You are a WONDER!We are a WONDER too!!
3,It's a poster like this. "Begin Again" or "ONCE"
10,After the movie, my mom said thank you for watching this movie L
9,It's a great movie to watch with kids^^
10,It's a miracle movieI recommend it
8,It's a movie that's worth watching
10,Everyone has their own story. I hope everyone knows that story
10,Touching ㅠㅠ Great composition ㅠㅠ Time to understand everyone
10,There are a lot of words that come to mind when I see them, but I can't write them in 140 letters My heart is warm and touching. I laugh a lot and cry a lot I don't understand why there are no theaters, but please watch it a lot!
10,당신은 정말 멋져요.
10,It's a warm and fun movie without any provocative and forced scenes! Thanks to you, I wrap up the year with a warm heart
10,Characters who are alive?It was a warm and grateful story
10,I'm leaving the movie theater so happily^^
9,It's coming out of the rating...
10,Touching... I'm touched
10,Please show them a fine film
10,The best growth movie!!!!
9,There were clichés everywhere, but it was a good movie. It was great to make a chapter from the perspective of many people. Everyone has a story... The characters are so lovely that I cry again as I write this rating. Kindness was right, too. Thank you, baby
10,I hope it'll be shown a lot.It was a good movie that was warm and learned a lot after a long time.
10,I strongly recommend it! I hope you all watched it
10,It's been a while since I got a rating. As I followed the eyes of young children, I saw, heard, and felt a lot, and my heart melted. The scene where the light shines on the camera in the ending cut was so beautiful. We all deserve to be applauded. The existence itself is a miracle.
10,I lost track of time.
10,The audience seemed to have cried in unison throughout the whole time.
10,Tears welled up throughout the movie.It was necessary to be kind to everyone who fought hard in their own universe.I was moved by Mammy's heart that I couldn't give up and felt courage, my friends, my dad, and my sister all sympathized with me.I want to be a parent like that.
10,I was really looking forward to the movie. But it was better than that. The movie that I watched with my child and liked even my child, it was so touching and respectful to Eogi and his family, and Eogi's friends' warm hearts were so pretty
10,It's my first time using this. I personally think it was a movie that resonated so much that it made me write this. I liked the natural story development without causing forced laughter or tears. I think it's a movie that gives comfort and advice that fits each person's situation.
10,It was a heart-warming family movie. I highly recommend it ^^ I didn't cry as much as I thought.
10,The warm story of the fishing season moving toward the world. It was good to see not only the stories of Jack, Via, Miranda, etc., but also the hearts of teenagers with warm eyes.
10,It's such a warm year-end movie! Strongly recommend
10,La La Land, Wall Flower, Wonder. These are my three favorite movies.   I hope that school and society will no longer be ostracized by their appearance.
9,My face flooded with tears
10,The masterpiece is a masterpiece that is comparable to the current top three Korean movies, but it is definitely a movie that can be uncomfortable for immature schoolchildren who act like Julian
10,It was the best movie to celebrate the end of the year.I go to Chimaekha with my girlfriend thinking about her cute space suit
10,It's so much fun and makes me think a lot.^
10,It's such a happy movie. It's great to see your family Everyone, be happy :)
10,Movies should watch movies like this!!!a moving and lesson-learned film
10,A movie that shows how important the role of parents is. Rather than "I want to raise a child like Jack Will," I want to be a mother and father like a parent.
10,a heartwarming movie
10,It's not a movie that's forced to impress. It was a good movie the whole time I watched it.  Of course there is a bump in relationships between people. How to talk, solve, and live a relationship... It was a happy movie that had no time to be bored.
10,It's a warm movie to watch at the end of the year. You're so cute, lovely, and I'm proud of you!
10,It was a very touching movie. It's a movie that shows the prejudice against appearanceOut of 100, I highly recommend this.
10,I hope everyone has seen this movie That's how touching it is and it's a movie you'll regret if you
10,I watched it with my 3rd grade son and 1st grade daughter. My son was so focused that he watched it. A drama with laughter and emotion...It's a rare movie these days. I think it's a movie that captured both education and interest. It was a proud day because I chose a good movie!
10,It was a heartwarming movie.
10,As the title says, the movie is amazing and beautiful. I barely held back my tears. He's 33 years old.
9,If you choose between transfer and kindness, choose kindness. If our views change, I think the world will change if we truly treat them
10,It's not worth the money. It's not worth it
10,It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie I strongly recommend it
10,#종류를 고르다
10,It's a movie that combines fun and touching beats. I strongly recommend it!
10,I watched it without much expectation, but there were so many impressive moments while watching the movie, and I cried a lot and laughed a lot. I think it's such a beautiful movie. Life work...
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase... And I hope everyone will watch Wonder and wrap up the year warmly.
10,I'm going to watch it twice. It's a really good movie
10,I thought the theater would be gone soon due to my busy schedule, so I took my time to watch it. If I had missed this, I would have regretted it. I'm leaving a review so that a lot of people can watch. Make sure to watch it. I'm happy all the time I see it.
10,The best movie of the year! There were a lot of parents who brought their kids. It's a great movie to watch with your family. I'm so touched
10,It's so nice. The lines from the movie make my heart cry
10,This movie will make life very happy
10,It's a movie that touches your emotions in a calm and pretty way
10,It's the best movie to watch with children. I watched it with my classmates, and I was proud that they let me watch a really good movie^^
10,I really lost track of time
10,The kids are so good at acting. ㅠㅠ Thank you very much.
10,All right, it's the best movie.
10,The best! The best! The movie that makes you happy all the time
10,I didn't want this movie to end. I missed you for 10 hours.
8,A very, very warm movie. "It's impossible for a baby to change its appearance. So we have to change our perspective." If I were you, would I be like your parents? Can we lower prejudice and approach like Jack Will and Summer? Will I be able to love my younger brother like Bia?
10,A nice, good movie. What if it's ideal? There's always a twist to the McGuffin... Among them, I like this kind of movie. Among the movies I've seen this year, I'm putting them on the top tier as Logan and Gunckerck.
10,You should watch a movie like this in the theater.
9,As I came out, the kid gave me a thumbs up.
10,I watched it as soon as it was released. I was happy the whole time I saw it! The babies are so cute ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
9,I want to let my children take care of a school with these teachers!
10,It's my first time leaving something like this, so if you're wondering if you should watch it or not, just watch it. This movie makes me really emotional and happy. Make sure to watch it!
10,If you want to know who he is, you just have to lookIt's a movie that shows that watching is the most active expression of interest
10,I've been under a lot of stress, and I feel like I'm healing.
1,It's not funny. I was immersed in the beginning, but...The story loses interest as the story is dispersed into the surrounding characters.I'm not impressed.I think he's trying to be forced to do something.Flip is much better.
10,It's a heart-warming movie!
9,It's not fancy, but cute, and it's spacious, although it's spacious. It's obvious, but there should be a happy movie like this at the end of the year. Thank you.
10,Everyone in this movie was the main character. It's been a long time since I cried because I was touched.
10,Everything is literally the best movie of your life. I sincerely thank the director for giving me this precious time to learn. A movie to recommend to everyone in the world
10,A movie like a warm cup of coffee on a cold day.I'm about the same age as my son, so I smile at him.I was heartbroken. I couldn't get up easily even at the end.a gem-like film at the end of the year♡♡
1,As expected, there are various tastes, and the fun I feel doesn't follow other people's horoscopes. It's warm, it's lame, it's no fun. Far from being moved, it's dullness + boredom.
10,It was hopeful and touching, so I cried a lot while watching it. It's more fun because each person's eyes and thoughts come out. ㅠㅠㅠㅠMake sure to watch it! Please!
10,The movie made me feel overwhelmed, smiled naturally, and cried naturally
10,Every word of the line makes me cry ㅠㅠ It's a movie that I can't watch without tears ㅠㅠ!! Becoming the movie of my life!!!
10,I didn't expect much at first, but it's so much fun the more I watch it! I think it's a warm movie where people with low self-esteem or a special environment can learn a lot of lessons from it. I enjoyed the movie and it was the best!
10,Jacob is usually pretty... I think it means don't judge people by their appearance It makes me reflect on myself I won't judge people by their looks I think it's a really healing movie. And Jacob, I love you ♥ I saw your room
10,It's my first time to use it on NAVER's movie evaluation. Please watch itHahaha
10,I don't know if it was because I had a hard time during my senior year, but it was a healing movie. The fact that there aren't many movie theaters like this... I could relate to it every five minutes, so I cried because I was so touched. Best Movie of the Year
9,It was so nice to see the movie about "Hospitality"! The story of changing our eyes for the people who exist with us is such a big movie, and I thought there was a little hope left when I saw the great actors talking to me.
10,If you have to choose between right and kind, choose kindness
10,It was the best movie of the year! Tears, too...
10,It's good that there's no contrived emotion that makes you cry. The most ideal society where the weak live in harmony. Disabled movies, not moving movies, but dramas. our daily lives Things that you overlook in your daily life.
10,A movie that you want to keep taking out when your life is tiring
10,It was a great movie to watch with the children.It's warm and touching.Make sure to watch it! ^^
7,a film of unhyped calm emotion
9,It's a very moving movie
10,It's the best movie of my life. Seriously.
9,It would have been much better to call the film title "Eargh"
10,The running time passed in a flash. It's so touching, fun, cute, and the best! I hope many people watch this movie! It's like a story for us living in modern society.
10,A family movie for a world where we treat each other without prejudice. A movie with hope, freedom, peace and happiness. I recommend a great movie
8,I saw it on the day it was released.  Kindness is the best♡ It's getting warm
10,Touching and hopeful 부모 The role as a parent is great.I respect you.
10,19 따따따따따따 CGV Open premiere Doctrine Room Wonder December 2013 faced my ddangkomI saw the magic of love as great as Bout timeIt's a baby, and it's a family of Belnate Via Pullman and Justin MeJack Will Summer and others overcame difficulties in their eyes and saw the transformation of school into a kind universe where the high walls of school ran over each other by trying and loving each othera wonderful movie
10,I think it's the best movie of the year.
8,The story of each family friend, including the main character, showing and thinking from their perspective was interesting.  It was also a time for me to put myself in other people's shoes. It was a heartwarming movie with fun and lessons, overcoming human relations problems well and ending with a happy ending
10,I dreamt of a world where children grow up beautifully and healthy without prejudice
8,I often cried while watching this movie. It's a great movie to watch with your family. It's not a true story, but I think it's a movie that people with disabilities can watch and gain courage. It's a heartwarming movie. It might be an obvious story, but I recommend it.
10,"Masterpiece." It's a movie that I want to watch many times in my life.Thank you for the production.I think it's a movie where you can feel the uncomfortable discord between a hurt person and a hurt person, and yet you can feel the natural beauty of a person who has to overcome each pain.
10,I really want to see it, but there's no screening place in Andong. Since Wonder isn't showing, I should at least watch the great showman.
9,1THE is "Wonder"!
10,I can't believe I'm not showing such a good movie
10,A really good movie that parents must watch and envy their educational environment and educational philosophy.
10,If I have a chance, I want to see my child again. I don't know if there are any warm movies like this.I shed happy tears and realize that this is what family love is all about.
7,Healthy self-esteem is created from the warm love of the family, but it can be shaken if the eyes of society sting. However, if there is a person who fully acknowledges himself or herself around, he or she will have boldness toward society.
10,Tears of emotion. This year's best movie that warms up the hearts of all families
10,A movie that warms your heart in the winter! I strongly recommend it
10,It's the best movie of the year that I want to recommend to everyone  I watched it with (G)I-DLE, and it was so nice
10,I watched it with two elementary school children yesterday. Calm emotions, laughter, family love...It was a healing movie.^^
10,Watching a good movie makes me feel good.The whole world looks beautiful and I'm excited on my way home. It's been a while since I watched a movie. It was a good movie.
10,Personally, it was the best movie of 2017.I paid 5,000 won for Culture Day, but it was a good movie even if I watched it for 11,000 won.
8,It is a healing movie that solves problems that anyone can experience at least once in their childhood and adolescence with warm eyes.
10,The best movie of my life. A beautiful and deep emotion that cannot be found in the emotions of gloomy, obscene, abusive, violent, and propaganda of Korean films. Such a beautiful movie.
8,all sorts of beautiful eyes
10,Maybe it's an obvious story, but it's a touching movie. I don't have many movies after the movie, but I like movies that make me think. I highly recommend this movie!
10,This is a must-see movie!!!! I'll keep it for myself. I'll have to send you a hopeful 20OOO thinking about you.어 Hey, you're such a nice guy!
10,A healing movie. A movie that makes you cherish the people of the state once again
10,I saw JoJo and it was good and touching to tell the story from the perspective of not only the main character but also the various children.  I cried the whole time
1,A heartwarming and warm movie...
10,It's a really warm and touching movie. I think each other's emotions are well.
10,I watched it alone among couples, but it was still good. It's such a pretty movie.
10,It's a shame that only four of us can see such a masterpiece at the theater
10,I rarely shed tears from the beginning of the movie, but I kept crying. It was a movie that I wanted to watch whenever I had a hard time keeping it.
8,I should've seen Wonder twice when I was with God
10,I recommend it. It was the bestcrying
10,Everyone deserves a round of applause at least once.
10,It was calm, but I couldn't take my eyes off it for a moment, and it was touching but not boring.
10,More than a warm, moving film, naturally flowing tears.
10,It's a must-see movie of my life.
10,It was a great movie. I hope you all watch it. I think the movie evoked my thoughts  Please watch it.
10,I watched the movie without much expectation, but I was touched that I couldn't say after the movie. I'd like to thank everyone for allowing me to watch such a good movie. It was so fun to watch a movie that gave inspiration and strength to many people by overcoming difficulties and hardships.
10,It was so, so touching.I think of good people around me, and I also reflect on my resolution to be a good person.
10,After the movie, tears really came out
10,A movie that makes me think about my family, friends, and colleagues. I was very impressed after a long time.
7,A warm and caring gaze comes to me pleasantly.
10,This is the number one movie that I really need to keep!
10,It's such a heart-warming story. Yes, it's shown in many ways.Strongly recommend
10,It's full of fun and touching moments
10,I cried because it was so sad and cute to express the feeling of being so happy to have a friend for the first time in my life while running down the hallway in a space suit in a weightless state. Chuu, who appears like a baby, is cute too
10,I saw it today and it was the bestㅠㅠ 히 It's a healing movie! Make sure to take your handkerchief! This is the best movie I've ever seen in a year ㅜㅜ I never regret it!
10,How many times do I get choked up... I learn more from children than adults. I don't know if I was a good boy or not, but I'm pretty good now. I regret it I hope everyone who watched this movie will welcome the warm 20 OOO
10,It's really crazy...I cried about 20 minutes after the movie startedIt's like a perfect movie!Make sure you watch it I don't regret it
9,A heartwarming movie for December
9,Our daily lives that endure under the principle of appearanceism
10,It steadily builds up the story and gives an impression that is not new at all. The story of all the characters as well as the main character is harmonized
10,I didn't expect much. I was so touched
10,My favorite movie. You should watch it.
10,What a touching good movie! It would be great if there were people like fish, family, and friends!
8,I'm so touched that I can let go of this coldness!
9,Some other movie that just isn't.
10,Thank you. Very good
10,It's such a clear and clean movie. Not a single place is warm. It's a really miraculous movie. I recommend it.
10,I think the best movie I've seen this year is very awesome
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a great movie
10,Good. Make sure you watch it with your family
10,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it with your family!
7,It's a movie that's interesting like a novel so that each character's point of view is not boring! It's a movie that you can share with your loved ones at the end of the year^^ Makes the New Year lively
10,It was a touching and touching movie
9,I recommend a moving movie that's natural
10,It was a heart-warming movie It's a really touching movie
10,It's a wonder that's deeply moving.All the characters are great.It's a movie that you won't regret
10,It's a good movie that teaches adults a lesson It was great.
8,Touching! A movie where you can think of yourself while watching it
10,It's a touching movie with a special and beautiful story! It makes me think about my loved ones around me again! Thank you for the good movie!
10,It was touching.
10,I think I cried from the start. ^^Haha, make sure to use tissue.
10,It was fun! It was such a warm movie
8,It's so touching^^
8,A warm look at the socially disadvantaged. After all, it's about people and relationships. It was very good to deal with the eyes of family and people around you. It's a well-made drama that's not too much.
9,I'm so touched. It's so much fun
10,I watch it lightly and go out happily. :) I strongly recommend it!
9,I've been thinking about a lot of things.The movie that makes me feel...It's a good movie
10,Everyone has a reason. A movie that tells us that no one is wrong from the beginning and that nothing is more meaningless than the word ordinary. I wanted to be a good friend.
10,It was a very meaningful movie Highly recommended
10,I think I shed tears of comfort and growth, not sad tears, a movie that gave me great strength and comfort in my heart. I'm going to become a mature adult! For the kids, for me
10,Enjoy a good movie thanks to my daughter ♥
10,"Be Kind to All Who Have A Hard Fight" was a movie that allowed me to think about mediocrity and unusualness. I want many adults to watch this movie
10,I came to see it with my child.  It's so much fun. I really want to recommend it Haha~~^^
10,The most touching movie of the year! Thumbs up!
9,I thought it would be boring, but it was touching
10,It's fun. I recommend it as an end of the year movie
7,They're so cute
9,It was so good! It's a story about the growth of fish that's touching! You can also feel the stories of people around you as well as the fish! It's a shame that the book was abbreviated because it was the original.Haha
9,The wise sayings are touching. Everything in the world is a miracle
10,It's fun! It's a movie that warms up the end of the year
10,I wanted to clap together at the end of the movie~~ A movie that everyone in the family should watch ^^*
10,My story, not yours.
10,I just saw the preview. It's a touching family movie It's a movie where you can look at and think about the disabled.
10,Make sure to watch it! It's touching and healing
10,Best movie of the year!!!
10,I want to see the best movie of the year again
10,A totally warm movie! It's perfect to watch at the end of the year. It's comical!
10,It's not easy to raise a different child, but it was really touching^^ Parents at the best and happy by themselves because of their beautiful family love**~~  You're the best
10,It was a really touching movie and it made me feel a lot.
10,It's really the best! They're so pretty
10,It turns out, the fishing season, which is a normal kid. It is an open season to make an open season to another child's face, not heads. The story of supporting roles as well as an open season story is also coming together was good. Movies that make you feel happy than sad, and pleasant than I thought.
8,Thank you for the warm movie!
10,A movie that makes you look back on your life!
10,It's a heartwarming movie!!!I was able to see and learn a lot from children!
10,Crying, laughing, crying. It was good.
9,I was very impressed by your family, even though you broke the rules, and I dreamed that I wanted to form a family that looked like that as I saw your family without any lack of effort, sacrifice and love! :)
10,It was fun! It's a movie that conveys my heart
8,familiar but happy circumstances
10,Various eyes, various emotions
10,The production is so good. The main character is so good at acting. More than anything, I want to see the growth of the main character  I recommend movies!
9,Every line is so cute
10,ㅠㅠ A touching movie that you must watch as you wrap up the year and prepare for next year!
10,It's a movie with no stars. I saw the best movie at the end of 2017!
10,It's the best healing movie. It's calm, fun, and touching.It's more attractive because there's a story of all the characters.
10,It's a movie full of fun and touching moments
10,This kind of movie has to go to 10 million! Best ㅠㅠ
10,The movie gives me courage
10,A movie like a miracle that gives you happiness
10,It was a touching movie that gave courage and hope to people with disabilities^^ I recommend this movie to many people
10,My eyes are burning. It's touching.
7,A warm movie. But after the movie, I saw the faces of the children in the theater after the lights were turned on, and I don't know if I felt anything. The adults who came with me looked happier than the kids. Anyway, it was nice to see Jacob from Room again.
10,I saw the trailer and went to see it as soon as it was released. It's like one of the best 3 movies of this year.It's so warm and there are so many funny scenes. When there are touching and sad scenes, I keep blinking and watching. I've never used it because I'm too lazy to write a rating even if I watch a movie, but I can't help but use it.A movie that I really recommend.I want to buy a book and read it.
10,It's touching. The wise sayings touched my heart
9,It's nice. The composition is unique
10,The movie of my life. I loved it
10,I was touched. Everything was the best
10,The movie is full of pure and lovely children! The role of a warm family that embraces the main character with love stands out!
10,a film of appropriate fun and emotion
10,It's as fun as I expected~~
9,Let's take care of our marginalized neighbors.
10,It's a very moving movie  ^^
10,A boy with a deformed face and his family gave him an amazing robber
8,I don't think there's a need to shrink because not only your appearance but also your personality and values are different from others.Fighting!
10,This is the best movie to watch with your family at the end of the yearㅠㅠ Make sure to bring a tissue!
10,If you change your perspective, it's a warmer world. Is Park Pyeongsik going to say anything?
10,It was a touching movieㅠㅠ In the cold winter, I touched my heart with warm stories
10,^^ The movie I went to see because of Jacob ^^ For all the Ernie in the world. And for you, the only one in the world. Because you are wonder itself!
10,The most touching and sad movie I've ever seen ㅜㅜ The best movie that makes me think a lot ㅜㅜ
9,It was good that the process of unraveling the story was not simple.
10,I met a good movie without any expectations. I thought a child with a different face was the main character, but the story of each person around him is dealt with, and everyone can relate to it. It's a movie that doesn't go overboard or cliche and makes you feel good.
9,The whole time I watched it, it was so touching. It was a warm movie with a smile on it not only at the end but also in-between
10,Lotte, why isn't Megabox showing this movie?ㅠㅠT
10,It's touching. I almost cried in between.I like warm stories
10,That's so cuteHaha
10,A treasure movie of the end of the year. The directing, story, and acting. It was a greatㅠㅠT
10,The whole time I watched, there was a smile around my mouth, tears in my eyes... Everyone deserves to be applauded at least once, so I felt a big echo a very good story in many ways You just have to look at me
10,If a child is born, I want to raise him like Jack Will.
10,I've been waiting for this movie crying
10,I enjoyed watching it. I was looking forward to it because it was made by director Wallflower, but it's a moving movie. I hope you can increase the number of theaters
7,A warm fairy tale to watch at the end of the year
10,It's a really good, fun, and happy movie. I strongly recommend it! I want to do it for myself!
10,"Be kind to all who fight hard."
10,It's calm, fun, and touching. Each and every character is charming and has a story, so I was immersed in it
9,I can't forget the feeling of deep emotionI recommend you to watch it
10,It's the best healing movie of the year. Hey, you were the best ㅜㅜ
10,I hope you watch itRunning shoes as beautiful as Julia Roberts' smile
8,Let's wrap up this year with "The Greatest Showman, Wonder"
10,I don't watch a lot of movies, so I haven't seen a lot of movies this year, but I think it's my favorite movie. It wasn't boring and it was touching, but it wasn't vague, so it was good, and I hope many people will gain weight. :)
10,It was playing in theaters before it was released, and it's a must-see movie.
10,It's not because I'm sad, but because I'm moved, it's my first time crying! You're the best!
10,It's a movie that I want to watch with my parents again XD
10,It was a movie like Hot Cocoa that melted the cold weather. I hope this good movie will be more successful!
10,It was a healing and heartwarming movie in this cold winter. Watching the movie made me happy♥
10,Watch the movie at Sangsang Madang before it opens
10,I watched CGV hot deal before it was released. a film with a flick-like sensibility. The flow of the story from the perspective of various characters was great. Not to mention the actors' acting, I lost track of time. It's a movie that's filled up.
