살인의 추억
6,It wasn't as fun as I thought. I thought it would be thrilling, but it felt like watching a documentary
6,It's the first movie I've ever seen in a movie theater. However, I am concerned about the director's overly cynical view of the world, which refers to "murder" as a "memory" then and now.
2,Considering the deceased who were victims of Lee Chun-jae's serial murder, I can't give a rating.I pray for the repose of the victims who died brutally despite their desperate struggle in pain.
1,The story is just a common third-rate movie. I read the interpretation and found that it was a movie that was intended to make a mockery of the military dictatorship, but other than that, it was a movie with no nutritional value
2,Now, we have to change the evaluation of this movie, which is a movie that we tried to turn into a criminal in an ignorant way because there was no forensic investigation that caught an innocent person
1,Oh, my God.a;;;;
6,According to the U.S. test results, Park Hae-il's DNA is different from Park Hae-il's, so there is no possibility that Park Hae-il is the culprit, so why does Kim Sang-kyung want to shoot and kill him after confirming that?
1,I was so moved to see that the judges were incompetent and confessed to violence
3,I was so angry when I saw that egg today, so I purposely came to write. I don't think I'll ever see a movie like this again. He caught Yoon, who was innocent, tortured, got a false confession, and let him live in prison for 20 years. In the process, he caught a person who was innocent and forced to confess falsely, causing four people to commit suicide. After that, even though the body of Kim Yang, an elementary school student who was reported missing, was found, he buried it in the hills again to cover up the case for 30 years for their special promotion. Not all detectives are, but the detectives involved, including Chief Lee, are not even human. No different from the criminal -_- 3 points are given because I heard that the director used it only from the detective's point of view in the process of writing the scenario and did not seek the consent of the bereaved families, but I wonder if they really thought about the position of the victims.
6,Now, the movie highlights incompetent and illegal police.
1,Kanada Ramabasa Azacha
1,the glorification of a low-key movie killer
2,You know, a guy who made a movie about a guy who killed a victim as if he were playing a joke, a guy who liked it, a guy who's the same kind of jerk, a guy who's teaching you to do that, you know, get out of here
6,A movie that showed the old police culture well. So I don't understand whether it's dealing with criminals or watching stories
1,It's just so-so. There's nothing special
6,I think Song Kang Ho and Kang Hodong are twins
4,I'm disappointed if I expected too much. The frustration of realizing a true story but not catching the criminal is not compatible with the movie.
1,Memories of murder? What memories?
1,This movie is playing on OCN now. He probably wants the Academy Award of Parasite directed by Bong Joon-ho. Where is the movie now that Lee Chun-jae was caught? Park Hyun-kyu, who was identified as the real culprit of the unknown in the movie, died. Applying the police's investigation techniques at the time, his cause of death would be harsh torture by the police. I think I should drop this movie anywhere now. What will director Bong Joon-ho say now? How did Park Hyun-kyu's family feel when the movie hit the box office?Is justice alive? http://ilyo.co.kr/?=article_view&entry_id=349808
6,I'm worse off than a serial killer. He caught the intellectually disabled (Hyangsuk was pretty) to make a profit and made a forced criminal.This is more angry.The checks are very consistent in 1986 and 2020.I recommend someone who's tougher than a murderer.I hate detectives who killed eight more than Lee Chun-jae.Lee Chunjae doesn't take money.
1,A movie that showed men that serial killings are nothing more than an interesting playground, a fun one. The way the woman's body is on the screen, I can feel her voyeurism. They're not gonna be victims. The scene where women play with each other at a bar is the best.
6,The culprit is Lee Chun-jae. What did the detectives do at the time? Watching the movie again after the real culprit is caught, it feels different.  Detectives are like neighborhood thugs
1,The movie itself is great, but the reality is so different from the movie that it is hard to get into it and watch it. Known as a rare killer, the killer is just a nerd in the impotence neighborhood. It's not that we didn't catch the criminal, but we didn't catch him. The police rather suspected the person who named Lee Chun-jae as a suspect, put him on the suspect list, imprisoned people who weren't involved in the murder, and even received an award.It's hard to give a high rating to this movie, which is described as the best of the police, considering the people who were imprisoned unfairly. It was a movie that I really liked, so it's a shame.
1,Park Hae-il is not the role of Lee Chun-jae or the person who was first found to be scientifically not the criminal. Sang-kyung inserted the person to express that he wanted to rely on non-scientific investigation when the criminal was not caught
1,The difference between reality and movie...
2,Park Haeil was the culprit
1,The reason you guys died is because you were dressed like that
1,Funny how someone's family was brutally raped and murdered? It's a masterpiece? Why are there so many crazy things? Let's see if your family can do that
1,The victim with the panties on her head... The unsub once violated... The movie was once more destructive.  Do you like this kind of movie?
1,Judging from the review, it is a pity that it seems to be a thrill to consume other people's pain. Will your family be able to enjoy this thrill even if it happens?
1,Don't consume murder as a memory And I want to make a movie like this with Yoo Go-jung!Haha
1,Is it true that Song Kang Ho is 37 years old?
1,Rubbish I don't even want to play pranks on lol
2,It's Korean, but I can't understand his voice
2,It's okay for ignorant detectives to beat someone who's not a criminal, and it's unfair that they got hit, so they investigated him as a jerk and got him imprisoned
1,It's a masterpiece if I did it's a masterpiece, right?
1,Oh, you finally got it!
4,It was a movie about killing innocent people
6,From a masterpiece to a movie like that
5,I got the corporation. Let's go for the second round!
2,I'm sure it's a great movie, but...Clementine is no better!
1,I didn't watch this movie
1,Director Bong Joon Ho must have really liked Seven. If you didn't watch Seven, you can't see the miseonsen and atmosphere. If you add the true story of the domestic mystery murder case, scramble fusion bibimbap cooking is over. Watch this movie after watching Seven^^
1,You can feel the disastrous level of dung Joseon in the 80s stuffy
1,It's not funny... It's not lying...
1,My cigarette increased after watching this movie.
1,It's a pure bubble because it's such a rave. --Development cancer movie
6,Hmm... It's a little...
1,A movie that defends a cop who is no different from the constant sexual abuse and the stupid thugs who catch citizens with no guilt or clear evidence! It appeals to the audience with constant stimulation, but in the end, it will only accelerate the collapse of Korea, called Sajo masochism.
6,The movie is really good. However, due to the highest rating, Song Kang-ho is still Song Kang-ho.
5,The last scene lingers in my mind, but...  I recommend you to take into account that it doesn't match the true story and the modern sensibility. Non-scientific police investigation is a little less immersive because it doesn't fit the emotions right now
1,Now that I see it, it's a movie that shows the incompetence of a bunch of jokers, trying to catch this guy and that guy and make him a criminal
1,The rating is overrated.
4,It's sad that it's a true story, but as the title says, the unsub will live and remember what he did. I don't know if you call it the best because it expresses the movie realistically. I only get angry after watching it. I don't know if the detectives at that time ate...I can't give a high rating to a movie that I made well because I was angry.
6,This movie is based on a true story, not nonfiction. It's the best movie. Black comedy. I don't understand you talking about this. If I had caught the criminal, I would have been less angry while watching it, but I didn't expect the investigation in Korea to be this bad
1,A rating of a typical Korean trash movie is a waste
1,It's just that.I don't know how many minutes you've been eating an ignorant cop violence scene.- HJ: Yes
1,It was just a movie for an ending scene for me.  He just kept the incompetent police in the angle. If you wanted to pin down the circumstances and the rhetoric at this time, you'd rather know it in a documentaryI think the same platform would be better.
1,I don't know if it's that good
6,Director Bong Joon Ho's unique sense. The last ending scene
1,The police only serve as a camera to show the silhouette of a criminal who does not reveal himself or herself, without obtaining any evidence from the victim. The only thing I can do is the last poo-popping game. a film that greatly simplifies real events and is frustrating, boring, and cawing at the end
1,Old Boy, if you give me a rating on the memory of murder, am I just a movie buff? I watch some movies, too. However, the memory of murder is a movie that I can't bear to watch from my personal appreciation, except for all the bubbles and all the stories I've heard. I don't know if it's a masterpiece. It's just not good.
1,Do you have 123456789011?It's not a joke. It's a masterpiece that makes you hesitate to give a score
1,I'm watching it on cable, and Song Kang Ho looks so young
1,Anyway, it's hard to skip the oldies saying it's fun.  A Typical Kimchi Wood No Answer Movie
6,I'm sorry for the ending. I'm very sorry. It was for killing time, and then the last part was about being discouraged. It's nothing more than to spend time like a monster. I still don't understand the rave reviews
1,Disgusting and dreary -- only mise-en-scene uses the crime of remembrance
2,To be honest, I looked forward to it so much that I looked forward to it, thinking of an unexpected twist. Personally, I didn't think it would have been fun if you watched the movie without reviewing it
1,Don't look at it as a waste of time
2,You said you were 15. ㅠㅠ I was watching it with my mom, and I was surprisedcrying
1,It's fun!
1,I feel like I've got a reason to live, even though the detective who did the job is still aliveI feel sorry for Baek Gang-ho
1,All I could think about was that Kim Sang-kyung is really handsome. I want to give you about 8 points.
1,I think this is too high
1,It's not fun. Fill in 10 letters
1,I heard it was fun, so I watched it, and it was a total bummer. A boring third-rate movie
1,I have no idea why I have higher horoscopes than historical masterpieces such as Lord of the Rings and Saving Private Ryan. It's a good movie, but it's never that position.
1,Do you eat?
6,More than Song Kang Ho and Kim Sang Kyung's acting skills...You must have said that you saw director Bong in the movie that made a strong impression of Park Hae-il
1,It's a crap movie.I'm so angry. So annoying
6,In name and reality, it seems to be one of the best movies in Korea. It's a meaningful movie that has meaning in the composition of each story.
5,The content is cruel and there is not much left. It's only remembered that there was a cruel true story.
1,Bad movie of Chiak...Three of the suspects killed themselves, and they were laughing at me when I was a cop.
1,It's not that big of a deal
1,Isn't it too overrated?
1,It's just a boring movie
3,A movie that makes you feel bad after watching it
1,Tragic and stimulating elements were so strong that I felt burdened.
6,I was a little bored, I wasn't alive, I was just a little sad, I couldn't find the unsub. Pity only for the two suspects
5,a mediocre and plain and plain Not bad
1,I don't like uncomfortable movies after watching them
6,It was a movie that didn't fit me personally.
1,I don't know what the hell it's about. It's so boring that it's hard to see it through. Why is the rating high?
1,Well, I saw it because it was a masterpiece, but I don't think so There are too many meanings and honestly, the movie itself is okay, but the best masterpiece is a bubble. It's not a movie, but it's more like playing hide-and-seek. It's not a masterpiece just because it's a double-track
1,She's sour. She's sour
1,It's a seaweed eating show. I'm embarrassed
1,A really frustrating movie...It's boring.
1,The rating is too high...
1,I don't like it
5,I don't know. It's not very...
1,징그러운...
6,I think it's overrated
2,There is no lesson in the movie.
6,The director's various devices were rather a factor that halved the fun.
1,Personally, it's
1,After watching it, I get irritated!
1,I can't even give you a point. a movie that used a tragic true story to make money
2,I thought it would be fun because it was popular and had a high rating, so I felt like I was swindled.
1,Too much bickering and quite vulgar! The final weapon bow is 100 billion times better than this!
1,This is not very good.
1,I don't like the content.Too stimulating, peripheral and emotionally bad.a movie with nothing left
1,the bubble itself
1,I watched it in the theater a long time ago and it wasn't good...
1,Why are you so childish and boring?
5,How can this be over 9 points?
1,This kind of material should be realistic, but it's too much. Boring
4,Four points
1,They say it's comparable to the movie Seven. I like Seven a lot more
1,The movie is too complicated and hard to understand You want me to understand this without looking at the reviews?
1,I didn't like it because I had high expectations
1,Korean movies are still lacking
1,I don't like the title. Why is killing a memory?
6,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? -,- I saw it at the theater, but I didn't... It's already been seven years
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
6,I was so disappointed with the score... True stories, good acting, but eventually the unsub didn't catch it
1,It's been a while since I saw you. That was cliche
6,8 points among Korean movies and 5 points if tied with foreign movies?
1,What's wrong with the rating?Are you crazy? It's a trick, but it's not a masterpiece.
1,Kim Sang-kyung's casting is a bit off -- a good movie except for the miss-casting!~~
6,a realistic performance
2,a movie that's already boring but more irritating by a pastel review
1,About eight points...
1,Wouldn't there be memories of murder because there was a movie called Seven?
1,That's not good
1,What is it?
1,Where is the crude sense of criticism, sophistication?
1,One point is a waste
6,Detectives are so silly. I'd be better than that
1,The score was too high. It wasn't as good as I expected. Park Haeil stood out
1,The score is too high... 8.7 is just right
5,I watched it because I heard it was more fun than Old Boy, but I watched a movie with one scene like Old Boy
5,A very ordinary material, after a very ordinary reasoning, has a very ordinary ending. Five points...
1,It was so boring that I was watching it and went out to the movies.
1,10 points is too much
6,Director Bong Joon-ho is far from my taste. The emotion he unleashes is so typical.
3,It's just a little uncomfortable
1,I slept because I was bored.
1,After watching it, 8 points...A movie that you want to give a rating after watching a movie commentary...
1,Let's not make a movie where the culprit is not caught. It's uncomfortable
5,Just get half of it... That's a good thing I got it.
1,It's messy
1,Top
1,I don't think it's fun to watch such a silly movie that I've mixed the concept with my mom
1,There's no truth. There's only fiction
6,I don't know if he's better than the chaser. The chaser bore me to death.
6,Good
6,It was worth watching, but I don't think this kind of movie is my type
1,A movie that would have been ruined if it weren't for real
1,I can't believe this movie is the best in Korea.
1,아무 것도 없어요.
6,It's a little overrated
1,One point
3,I didn't really feel much fun or thrill
5,It's a thriller with a bit of exaggeration
6,I don't remember Byul Siri.
1,The impression that he criticized Christianity.I don't like it.
5,somehow
6,I saw the comments and looked forward to it. It's too much. It's so calm. There's no tension at all
6,In the tension of one of the biggest elements of the thriller, one is pushed back by the chaser. Just a good movie
1,It wasn't fun
1,One of the few Korean films in history that missed three beats: popularity, success, workability
1,The rice in the net
1,..Obvious.
5,It was worth watching, but this kind of thing isn't my cup of tea
6,The actors had the best acting skills, but there were a lot of boring things, and the endings were not that...
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
6,It's worth watching
6,Honestly, 10 is too much, and 6 to 7 would be appropriate, seriously
2,It's not that bad
1,It was boring
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,The actors worked hard
1,I don't think it's a masterpiece...
1,I'm disappointed at the really sloppy ending ㅠㅠ
1,This director's movie doesn't suit me. It's not touching or fun
6,The reason why it became such a hit is a bit ridiculous to me
1,Cheeky Bong Joon Ho's movie is no longer a movie
1,It wasn't funny
5,I give 5 points to the actor alone.
1,I had a good night's sleep watching Director Bong Joon Ho^^ I don't have any sleeping pills
1,Director Lee, what's wrong with all the movies? I'll give you 1 point for "Song Kang Ho Sweat Poem"
1,If this is fun, everything is fun
5,This is fun? Korean movies need to improve a lot. Actors scored 5 points
1,Why do I look so childish?
1,Honestly, I don't know what was funny.
1,I can only think of the fish bun that Hyangsuk is looking for, but the buzzword for Hyangsuk after the movie
1,It's not 10th place
1,Why is this movie the best movie in Korea? In conclusion, I couldn't catch the criminal, so I tried to give blood to Hyangsuk
1,Everything changes!!
1,How long are you going to be reminiscing?
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
5,I think it's a little too much for the family to watch together
1,Nightmare of Murder
1,So what?
6,Why am I not funny?
1,That's not funny. Is this a movie?
5,It's no fun as it turns out it won't be caught. Why do I hate director Bong's?
4,Director's directing skills who knows thriller well + 4. But the distribution of characters in confrontation = imbalance
4,Did I not watch it properly?
1,so, that
1,A dry film that goes to prepared meaninglessness. Other than the actors' acting...
1,It's not as good as pie.
6,Not very interesting???
1,I thought I was going to die of sleep
1,The worst movie of my life
1,Oversized rating..
4,The rating is good, but it doesn't suit me
2,not much
1,A movie that doesn't suit me.
5,Is it because I'm young?
1,To be honest, it's below my expectations...
6,It was a movie worth watching
1,I can't believe it's 9.21...;;
1,It's good, but it's not a big deal in the NAVER rating list, so get back on top
1,I liked the last scene, but...
1,It's this bad
1,It was fun, but it wasn't a movie this high rank
1,I don't really...
1,Korean movie 凸
1,Why on earth is everyone so enthusiastic...
5,-_-;;; The second half is getting sleepy
1,My acting skills are good. But I don't like the movie itself.
5,Song Kang Ho's restrained acting...
1,Score bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble bubble
1,It's worth watching. There's some foam. 1 point is appropriate
1,It's not very interesting.
1,It's just...
1,It's not good.
1,But I enjoyed watching it
1,In a word, good!
1,This isn't right.
6,I've seen it a few times, but it's not very... ...the ending is in vain.
1,It's too high for the level
1,Are you kidding me?
1,One step below the pie.
1,Why do you ask me if I eat?
2,a masterpiece for a Korean movie
1,Watch it if you want to know what a foot movie is like.
1,I'm disappointed by the hype monster.
1,Just in case. As expected,
2,It ended in confusion, so 2 points. If it ends with the standard score, 1 point.
1,Elementary students can make it better than this.
1,If he's mad, you're the ones who's going to suffer more"LOL"
4,I'm not really doing this. This movie has four points.
3,You're so mean. But it's a Korean movie, so I should give you 3 points.
1,It's boring, it doesn't have any content, it's made of feet?
2,If the culprit is caught and it's over, it's a normal loser movie.
1,This isn't right
1,This is fun
6,I don't want the rape story!
1,한심하고 미안한 영화 핑계
6,Well, I think it has a high rating because it is a Korean movie.
6,It's okay to say you don't know how to watch movies. This is so boring.
3,The play Come to see me is better.
1,I'm sorry. 1 point man is here
3,I'm curious who the culprit is, so 3 points.
3,I need to remove some foam
2,For me, it's not very...
1,It wasn't boring, but it wasn't. Acting is good
4,It's not a big deal compared to many foreign crime movies.
5,Korean movie that I want to show to foreigners
1,I don't like this kind of thing
1,It was good, but. 9.23 is a bit... 9 points is appropriate.
2,A movie that's not that fun...I really don't...
1,I think it's a fake on NAVER.Why do you think it's fun?
6,132 minutes for the last scene...
2,It was a movie that I couldn't get into
1,Old Boy is way better
5,I was really looking forward to it. I don't think I'm the type
4,More than I thought...I'm so disappointed
3,I'd rather watch Old Boy. Why am I so bored...
1,It wasn't my cup of tea.
1,It wasn't fun for me either
1,Is this fun?
1,I don't like people who really don't know how to rate themselves
2,When 98% were praising me, I became a sleep-deprived 2% audience.
1,It wasn't funny--
6,There's nothing to eat at the famous party? The expert score is the best.
6,The title is "Error" and it's not very...
1,The movie's score is too high for rain
6,^^Perfect satire of the times + Combination of humor and murder
3,A movie at the level that I guessed.
1,What's the best?
6,Memories like that (the award and the lead actor had to eat to protect the earth)
2,garbage in the garbage a movie that shows the level of Korean audiences
5,..........not really.. I don't think the rating is 9.23.
1,A movie that's just like that
6,It's our best movie, but why is it not good for me?
5,I liked the wild card better.
1,a cc.
1,It's a bit...
2,It's overrated. I saw the ending
6,I feel like I'm being overestimated.There are many good Korean movies...
5,Thriller? That's funny
4,It's a new genre of Korean film, but it's a very difficult work.
5,I went to the most interesting Korean movie I have ever seen
1,You can't get a higher rating than Old Boy.
1,Poor Kim Sangkyung
4,The material and composition that can be shown in Korean movies...
6,A movie that enhances the quality of Korean movies, but...There are so many curses...
1,It's boring and messy. Don't be fooled by Song Kang-ho's comic acting and director's directing skills
1,It's a real trash movie
5,It sounds like a good movie, but personally, it's not...Especially a few scenes.
3,You're talking about you.
6,Bong Joon Ho... The master of late night filming...The night scene is very impressive
1,I didn't like it. It's just that kind of movie. You can't overestimate...
1,It was boring and boring to the point where I didn't want to give stars. What a disappointment.
4,Song Kang-ho's acting is good, but Kim Sang-kyung's acting is also excellent
5,There is a bit of that in the eyes of teenagers; and it's a shame that they found the criminal after all.
3,This kind of thing is no fun.I made it well, but isn't it too obvious because it's our country?
6,Korean movies are creeping up!
