마지막 황제
1,An evil movie that wants the people to feel pity for the emperor who trampled on the people and enjoyed wealth and glory. 'Oh, the emperor is a human bugger who is nothing like us.' Doesn't it remind you of some people who feel the same and like Lee Jae-yong who was released because he ordered chicken?
1,First of all, the fact that Chinese people use English is unfamiliar and annoying, so I can't get into it... And the direction is so weird and weird. The taste of the bottle
6,You can't get involved with the shaggy. There are no dogs traveling to Japan, right?
1,It is a movie that symbolizes the victory of the West through the large size of the East, which seems to be Chinese history but is being violated by white people, and the view of Yang, who has no distinction between the Han and Manchurians, is pathetic.
6,20 minutes is short, and there are a lot of masterpieces and boring things
6,The movie's contents and video clips are the best, but because it was the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty, there were more beautification than I thought, so if I had to watch a movie, I would take a character named Pu, and if I had a Japanese officer, I would throw a newborn on fire and hit eunuchs
1,It's not that goodI'm really ugly
1,Nuclear states are amenable to commitment and commitment.
1,I know it's a masterpiece, but why did I have to say the lines in English? That's the worst part. Coco is talking about Mexico. Should I do it in English and destroy the details like this?
1,It's boring and boring
1,It's not funny. I don't know what the emperor is trying to do, and the whole story is out of the blueI'm disappointed because I played separately from the famous BGM scene
1,I never recommend a boring movie
1,It's the most boring movie ever, but no one watched it, so I lowered the rating^^
1,Very boring if not fun
1,It's a movie that makes you fall down
2,It's ridiculous. At 23 o'clock in CGV Pyeongchon. At Lotte Cinema Yongsan, at 8am. It is suspected that it is a "trick opening" to receive 10,000 won for iptv under the title of "Theatrical Simultaneous Opening." a commercial tantrum that pours cold water on the excitement of meeting a masterpiece
1,Just one word. That's no fun.,
1,It was nice to have a little bit of a cut of Japanese war crimes, but overall it's boring
6,a soulless filmI can't feel the emotion anywhere.Only the Chinese era has been spread out, and nothing makes you immerse yourself in that era.It's a very ironic movie with 95% of English lines even though Puyi is the main character.
5,It was a good content, but the movie is too long.
1,The evangelist of civilization, the uncivilized and perverted East. The Orientalism delusional in the eyes of the conqueror was disgusting
1,There are a lot of part-time jobs
6,Just the cheeks. But the rating is too high
6,The fact that the director is a foreigner and the lines are in English makes me feel strange
1,This is obviously an overestimation
5,The impact of the times was too great to change fate.
6,I don't quite understand what you'
1,The best movie I've seen many times
5,The story of a man who lived an unhappy life as a puppet of history. Let's stop the historical approach.
2,I saw that NAVER score is over 9 points.In a word, it was boring.
1,It's a movie that's been boring with obvious stories and obvious results. the last emperor
6,A work that sheds light on modern Chinese history from the perspective of Westerners It is an ordinary work from the perspective of Asians
1,Are you kidding me? Your fishing comments are amazing
6,It's a bit disappointing.
5,A long time was a bit boring
6,Although he was moved, he did not gain deep sympathy due to the subject of the very few emperor.
5,A slightly upsetting film that is frankly Orientalist.
1,Honestly, it's not funny.It was so complicated and the screen was boring that it wasn't good
1,a rubbish movie
1,a trash movie
5,Boredom itself. Is it because I saw you when I was in elementary or middle school?
1,It's not 9 points, but 8 points is enough.
5,I don't care
1,I don't think it was good
1,What's this?
6,I think it's lower than Shawshank
1,Totally three
5,People who say this is the best...I respect you.Do you want to pretend to be knowledgeable?
1,The elementary student on the poster looks like a jerk
1,Why is this first place...
1,It's nothing.
1,That's not funny.
1,Why is the rating so high?
1,I was bored to death
4,I admit that my work lagged behind, but I can't help being bored
1,It's a good movie, but it's not number one.
1,I agree with the person below
1,There is no first prize in this movie
1,How will this be first place?;;
3,It's not a bad movie, so I'll give you 3 points
1,It's just a trash movie
1,Will this be able to keep up with Shawshank's heels?
1,It's a touching movie, but the rating is so high -_- I got 9 points
6,The director's willingness to aim for light in the dark dominates the screen.
1,The pressure of time that was really boring.I wish it was a Chinese movie.
6,What kind of disease... What kind of 10 points? Objectively speaking, 6 to 7 points are correct
6,It feels like I'm going to pay for my house? The last scene is bitter.
1,It's fun
2,It's so boring to watch it again. If you don't know the movie, don't watch it.
5,I feel like the flow is persistent even though I'm immersed in the story.
6,Scene descriptions and art are good Western directors, so there is nothing more than a book
1,For 219 minutes, I'll have the principal's speech.
1,It was kind of boring but fun
