야쿠자와 가족
2,I was so immersed until the beginning of the movie, but the story has been gloomy since the middle of the movie. My girlfriend recommended it to me and I want to kill my girlfriend.
1,The film depicts a Yakuza tragedy. However, the film does not criticize the life of the Yakuza, but rather says that the Yakuza spirit is right to commit murder to avenge the organization. When it became known through the Internet that Genji and Hosono were Yakuza in the past, Yuka was fired from the office workers' city hall and her daughter Yuka transferred. And Hosono's wife leaves the house with her baby. When Yuka, who was fired, shouted at Kenji, "Why did you come to him?" and asked him to leave, Kenji's heart must have been in pain beyond words. Kenji's revenge on Tsubasa's behalf seems to be to protect Aiko and Tsubasa's family before Tsubasa committed murder and suffered what Genji was suffering. Kenji hugs Hosono who stabs him and says sorry, which may be because he understands Hosono's mind because the suffering he feels is the same as Hosono's suffering.After it became known on the Internet that Genji and Hosono were Yakuza in the past, the corrupt police said to Genji, "You have no choice but to live with the Yakuza label for the time being," and Genji said, "What can you buy? You're the one who stole the right to live." What Genji said to the corrupt police is probably the point the film wanted to say.And at the end, Aya asks Tsubasa what kind of person his father Kenji was, and Tsubasa looks at Aya with mixed feelings and tells him to talk for a while. Tsubasa, who may have a good feeling for Kenji, would have made sure that his feelings for Kenji were fully conveyed to Aya. Through the dialogue between the corrupt police and Kenji, and the scene where OO and Aya meet, the movie seems to have wanted to say that Kenji is the victim of a society that despises and penalizes Yakuza and that the spirit of Yakuza should continue.
6,Yakuza's dream and reality that didn't come true
6,The movie I watched with Ayanogo.
6,I think Ayanogo's acting is the best among the recent Japanese movies
6,It wasn't bad. The calm Yakuza story
2,Are all the kids who write flattery Japanese?There's no tension, the action scene is sloppy, and the rating is high, so I watched it, but it's a waste of time I even went to a part-time job in Japan
6,Well, it's just
1,I stopped seeing the main character for a moment when I found out that he was raising his child after his first love was released from prison. But I didn't know that it's a sense of two to eight years...
6,The ending is so ridiculous and the content is messy.....
6,Japanese Yakuza movie. Is this really the best? It's like a Japanese movie
1,The sentiment index is good, but it's too abnormal. Even now, Triad and Yakuza are businessmen, pretending to be ordinary and doing dirty things, and they're doing well
5,The filming was really good, but the script is a serious problem. What was good about it - it shows the reality that the times changed and went completely to the abyss after showing the classic yakuza by putting all kinds of clichés in the beginning. It's very tragic, and it shows the present of Tsubasa, which is similar to the main character's teenage years, but with a different ending, a hopeful ending that seems to live well.It wasn't good. - But Yakuza, who lived well with loyalty, fell down and became an old man, and lived in poverty well, but it felt like "Yakuja is still cool," so it was a mismatch with the theme. Whoops, were you trying to show that people who still think it's cool are living like that?! Then I'll say this part was good. And I heard that the breathing was too long, so the seaweed... I extended the one-hour movie to two hours -_-;;
5,The acting and directing were not bad, but there was a point where I felt bored in the development or composition of the story and it went as expected.
4,It's realistic, but I think I was expecting too much because I believed in the rating.T
2,I don't like the action scenes. The story isn'
1,
2,I trusted the reviews and got fooled~~~~ㅠㅠ
2,
