눈의 여왕4
2,The story itself is very shamanistic. It was an uncomfortable content to look at in public.I don't like the storyline. No fun. A wizard who turns into a dragon. Childish. It's a waste of time. It's not touching or fun. It's good to just sleep.
1,In "The Snow Queen 1" and "Two" are better. Anna and Elsa look so sensitive and scary. I'm watching right now
6,So if you fight, who wins?
6,It's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun
6,It's fun, but I don't want to recommend it. I'm not interested
6,
2,I thought it was "Frozen" so I bought the wrong ticket
6,The kid liked it, but it wasn't fun for adults
6,It's boring for children to see. I don't think we should think about Frozen
5,The seven-year-old daughter seems to have enjoyed watching it. Mothers doze off or use their cell phones; however, watch your cell phones in the cinema. Turn down the brightness. In the meantime, the lady who turned on the flashlight and looked for things...
1,I saw it because of them, but I didn't know it was this bad.Naver visitors seem to give too much rating.It's a shame that we can't adjust the rating because we're not Naver visitors.
1,It looks like you need to adjust your rating.
2,I didn't know the reservation date, so I just flew the ticket
4,I was really, really boring and the kid was funny. As for me, the chords were weird and the storyline was kind of sloppy
6,
1,It's so sloppy and pathetic. It's better to see Frozen twice
4,It's unlikely...  It's a waste of money that's hard to find these days!
6,I think it is a perfect movie for children on Christmas^^
6,I had a great time watching my daughter on Christmas Day
1,It's a fake Frozen, but it has a higher rating than Frozen?
6,He said it was fun I think it's a series, but I haven't seen the other one I missed it in the middle
4,Unprobably Russian steampunk fantasy entertainment family sublet
2,The graphics are very good. The story is usually. The world view and civic consciousness inside are very backward.a very poor underdeveloped drama for children
