록키
6,"Masterpiece" has faded over time
6,I saw Rocky, the father of boxing. Memorable movies are left as memorable movies.
1,Weapons Depot feels the same way. What excuse?
1,Most people think the first one is the best, but I think the fifth one is the best. The contents of 1 to 4 movies are common in other sports movies
1,Dongting Lake Fire Phoenix Project Country
1,The piranha immediately confronts the skull.
6,록키, 1976년
2,A movie that doesn't even know boxing.
6,I was looking forward to it. It wasn't very touching. I feel like the ending scene ended so suddenly. The actors' acting skills were excellent. I personally didn't like the ending.
4,A movie that brings back memories with familiar music
1,All I think about while I was watching this is that I got stimulated when I was doing rockies. It doesn't feel much different
6,Other than the familiar OST, it's not that...
1,the sentiments of those days steeped in the fantasy of the American dream
1,It's a more cliche story than you think
1,It's worth watching, but it's not a masterpiece
6,a work in which pawns and gulls coexist
1,The boring development of the obvious ending and no emotion...I gave you 1 point because the rating was too high
1,I really don't know for fame.
5,It's definitely an old movie. It feels like the scenes are being cut off so badly.
1,The rating is too high~~~^^
4,The sweat that comes from the weak fist of the camera on the outside
1,Rocky Balboa is no fun
6,I'm a little bored
6,Music is good, but... This is an Academy Award for Best Picture, Best Director?!
5,A movie that gives hope? It's just a delusion of the American dream
6,It was mentioned so many times that I looked forward to it, but it was worse than I thought
1,It was unimpressed, uninteresting and boring for me
4,It's a movie that I don't understand because I was born in 1992.
1,What is it... Cold War relics movie
4,I'm not impressed by the excessive deterrence. Academy Award for Best Picture is just a reflection of the times?
6,It's been a long time
6,the final version of the American dream It's tacky, but it's definitely fun
6,I saw it because I heard it was a masterpiece, but the content was good, but it was 76 years old. I don't know if it's because I'm still young.That's what happened.
3,I still don't understand why this movie swept the Academy after defeating Network.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,It's boring
5,I didn't like it
4,Rocky Waters Scorsese
1,Godfather 3 should be number one
5,Boxer's efforts are heavy
2,I don't know at that time, but from the current point of view, it's a bummer. There'
1,Why is the rating so high?
1,The Rockies
5,Die Hard 1 has 9.43 stars.Rocky is number one.-.-;;ㅡ.ㅡ;;
1,No, let's make Titanic number one
1,Is this also a movie?
1,It's not a one-point movie, but it's not a movie to win first place
1,A 9-point movie! The rating is too high -_-;;
1,I saw him in elementary school, so I don't remember...The rating is too high
1,Then...
1,Let's get off
1,a rocker
1,This is a bit off. It's not a movie that can win first place
1,It's on the top. I think you need to adjust it a little bit
1,It's such an old movie.Ten points...It's not a movie where I can give you a point
1,I can't believe this movie won first place. You have to be in the right order.
1,I don't think it's a movie that Rocky can top the ratings.
1,Shawshank is 9.21 - Rating Board -
1,9.72 was too much. Shawshank is 9.21 - Rating Board -
1,Shawshank should be the winner
1,Here we go. Follow me!
1,I got 1 point because I thought of Hongrokgi
3,Too much time has passed to feel the emotion of the time.
5,In the 2000s, stories, videos, and so on...It's simple.
6,It's boring. It's worth watching the last training duel
6,All that's left is music. It's boring.
6,Why do people go crazy about this movie, which has a simple story and a simple screen?
