마이너리티 리포트
6,It's quite messy. It's almost the middle of April
2,Frustrating and stupid John Wife
6,The playtime is quite long, 145 minutes. Nevertheless, the directing and storytelling that was not boring deserve applause. However, it is regrettable that the beginning of all events was only due to individual selfishness. It was a good material that could show the inside of the case more interestingly and the dark part of the controlling society. The ending, which kills endlessly to cover up one's disgrace, but avoids in the face of the truth that is finally revealed, even makes me feel uncomfortable. It feels like I only put a few pieces of beans in a great bowl. It's too bad.
5,It's really boring. The story wasn't that bad either
2,Wow, it's over 9 points?It's a crazy twist, story, story, story, story, early 20th century movie, it's ridiculous
2,It wasn't fun, so I yawned while watching it ㅠㅠ
4,Well, I was just...
2,I fell asleep three times while watchinga delusional film
2,The development of the ending part is more disappointing than expected.
2,I can't shake off the idea of rushing to an end.It's not the end. It's the end of the gameThe point of this movie is to catch a criminal who believes he kidnapped his son, and to dig into the holes in the crime prevention system. It just feels like I'm skipping
1,He's not the one I thought he was. He's just a nice guy who works so hard
5,Personally, I don't think it'
5,It was... it was okay
1,Old movies aren't worth watching
1,horse imitating peasant herdsman's peasant serf noodle
1,Leonick, the expense of Sun Island.
1,Nickelodeon and Contract Korean
1,I'm bored. I'm so bored that my body is twisted. What a 145 minute movie. A law must be made that a movie must be made within 90 minutes. I'm bored to death. I wouldn't be bored if I made it 90 minutes long!
1,It's really hard to watch until the end.
4,Personally, there's a problem with the grade problem It's something a 20-year-old should watch. Brutal, selective, sweaty hands
3,an absurd American-style imperialist film
5,A movie that's good for elementary school students
1,When Tom Cruise was first cornered, he told me to run away, so I thought there would be something, but there was nothing, and I thought I couldn't catch a fight They're not mannequins. They're predicting the future in 2050, but they don't have tasers
6,a conflict between open interpretation and error
5,What is this... The main character is accused of murder and runs away, but he runs away and commits all kinds of crimes...
6,I liked it because it wasn't tacky even though I saw it in 2015. It would have been more fun if I watched it at that time.
2,Thank you for insisting on a happy ending^^ And I tried to make a twist while watching it, but if it was all within the audience's expectations, I hate the last happy ending
5,Compared to the interesting beginning, the second half of the combination is sloppy
3,I really can't focus...It's boring
2,I read the plot three times and I didn't understand what you were talking about, but it's a difficult movie
6,The content is good, but the action is a bit;;
5,The live-action version of the Shell Maneuver, not less than that
6,I think I've been looking forward to it. It's a movie that's not as good as you think
6,I looked forward to it, but I don't think it was fun enough to get 9 points
5,Few reports. It's not good for people who like movies that have more things to see than stories.
1,There are many rather elusive errors and poor perfection
6,I just don't like it.
5,Honestly, it's really boring.
5,Honestly, I don't know...The story is really good, but you don't understand?It's a little boring
1,Ah... one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life...
5,It's a movie I saw before, but I search and register it. The content is hilarious. But there are so many ridiculous errors in the setting of the content. Although the completeness of the work is poor, it is worth seeing because of the tension and interesting development of the content.
3,It was kind of boring and a bit obvious. As a movie buff, I just can't give you a high score. There wasn't much left except for a great video
4,It seems to be a typical type of movie that is seen roughly over time.-_- It's so boring, it's obvious. Well...
6,Honestly, none of the movies with high ratings on NAVER were disappointed. That's an exception. Is it because it didn't suit me?The material is definitely good, but it was very boring and I don't like the scene where Tom Cruise fights.I'm the only one who's weird, right? A thousand people liked it. Anyway, that was my review
2,It's a well-made movie, but I think 9 points is too muchThere are some boring things until the middle of the day.
1,I don't think it's a 9.21 movie. It's so boring
6,People say it's a good movie, but I honestly didn't enjoy it.It's kind of boring in the middle, and there's just a twist and a twist.I have something to think about, but it's
5,That's very annoying.
1,The rating is too high
6,There was a unique idea and twist, but something went the way it was set.
6,I am Lee Junyoung from Anyang, Gyeonggi Province!
1,It's crude, verbose and gross.
5,It was boring.
1,It's not a nine-point movieIt was boring to believe what the prophet said
1,I don't recommend it
4,Good production, but too much error
6,It's a long story? I can't believe what Grandpa did. It's no fun
2,It's so futuristic. It doesn't seem like a movie with a rating of nine. Spielberg's Mess
2,I don't understand the content and I don't know
6,Is a sleepy masterpiece a masterpiece or a failure?
6,A movie that makes you understand why it's Tom Cruise
6,Tee-laden movies, but the surveillance society raises the question of whether it is inevitable.
5,After watching the movie, I feel uncomfortable and frustrated.
5,The future world was very worth watching, but it was too sleepy for me
6, average, ordinary, usual, normal, regular, general, common
6,The setting for forebears is rather uncomfortable.
6,Why am I not funny? Everyone says it's fun.
6,Honestly, it wasn't a good idea.
6,Childish future from old-fashioned ideas, now Spielberg SF is boring
6,I watched it because of Tom Cruise. Honestly, there were parts that I didn't understand, but it's okay
6,The forecaster who said he only sees murder is predicting the future. I think there's a lot of flaw in jade
5,It's fun, but... A movie that feels empty
5,Spielberg... always the issue is the flesh is the problem.
6,I like Spielberg, but SF doesn't suit me
6,Well, it was good, but it wasn't like 10 movies
4,좋아요.
6,If thinking doesn't develop in the development of civilization, the setting... (Coughing)
1,Are you kidding me? Oh, my God. Spielberg engraving Spielberg
4,To be honest, it's too much to go over 9 points
4,It's worth seeing a little bit of the future city, and the rest of it... It was boring
5,Imagination was great, but the movie is boring
6,It was childish
4,It doesn't feel right.
1,The rating is too high compared to the movie
6,It's worth watching...It was a little boring.
5,It's as much fun as I expected.
6,It's worth watching
1,Is it fun?
6,In the middle of the movie, it starts to deviate slightly, and it gets worse and worse.
4,Steven Spielberg's gone. He's gone.
4,It was a bit obvious and boring
4,쉬움 easiness, facility.
5,To be honest, it was boring. I can't relate to it's hard to understand
6,I focused on it, but...
6,It's just
3,네 알겠습니다
5,It's just... it'
5,What is this movie that I don't know?
1,The whole thing is far-fetched.It's not fresh, it plagiarized the L.A. credentials.
5,I'm average
4,The future is not fate but choice
1,It wasn't funny
1,Don't you feel sorry for the original author?
1,one of the poor works
6,Your imagination is amazing. Good!
1,Rubbish. Really trash
4,Personally, I didn't think it was funny.
6,Well, it's fun, but the story isn't fresh.
3,Science based on mysticism?That's weird.
5,Sadly, why am I not funny?
1,a clever representation of the original work of Philip K. Dick
5,My head hurts so much...I don't know what it's about.
6,It's a movie that's boring and leaves nothing behind
5,Steven Spielberg's film defies expectations
1,It wasn't funny--
6,I don't like it, but people's ratings are very good. - -;
6,It is said that the game will be played with fine details.New wine to the new unit...
6,I don't know if it's such a fun movie.
6,It's fun, but it's a shame, we could have talked a little deeper.
6,The script and direction were good, but there were no boring aspects.Why is that?
6,I watched it with interest, too
1,As expected, "Unbelievable" is a movie
1,-_- It's not fun to watch it again when it was released a movie that even kills Tom Cruise's acting ability
6,Honestly, it's not fun
6,It's interesting, but it's so damaged in Hollywood style.The original plot twist is better
6,I can't remember the story...^^
1,I don't know if Mo is funny, but the action and the story
4,How did he know he was coming to the place and planned the murder charges? Curious?
