굿바이 마이 프랜드
6,.,.. ..I saw it a long time ago, but it seems like I was touched. I want to go back to the time when this movie was released.
1,Because it didn't touch me
1,an easy thing to like
4,The story was so calm and smooth that I was disappointed, but I could see the heart and dedication for my friend
5,Just, just, just, just, just, just, just
6,Simple but beautiful. The development and story are normal, but the emotion of this movie fills the lack.
6,It would have touched my heart if it weren't cliché.
5,The case is reluctant, but the solution is too monotonous.
1,I don't think this movie will get 9 points.I think the mid-to-late 8-point range is perfect
2,The ranking is too big
1,You're so cute. Hold on
1,It's boring. I guess it's not for the kids
2,It's too high... I don't like it
1,This is not a friendship.
4,NAVER users' ratings. How can this be in the top 10 for Korean movies?
1,Are my feelings dry? Why am I not sad?
1,Good bye, my loyalty
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
6,a quiet, trivial and neo-faith story
5,It wasn't sad, it wasn't touching. It was boring
6,It was just a simple movie. I don't understand why the rating is so high
5,a movie that I don't like the way it's boring but squeezing out
1,A movie that holds out with a single shot of shoes.
6,It's too obvious and the director's directing skills are lacking. It was a good material, but I'm sad I couldn't save it
5,I looked forward to it because it had a high rating, but I personally don't like the obvious story Not a drop of tears
5,No unnecessary but too typical of the development and story.
5,Sadness is touching, but I'm not sure.
6,I don't think it's that big of a movie...
1,AIDS abuse
1,I had a nightmare
1,Obvious movie... Is my emotions too dry?
3,It's neither sad nor fun
4,It's fun
1,I want to lower the rating
4,It's boring.
6,A movie that is rather tearful because it is no longer pure. I really wanted to hug Dexter and Eric
5,I have a lot of tears, but this movie is not sad at all. It's strange
1,a cliche story
6,an uncomfortable movie
1,It's corny and popular.
6,It's just a sad movie.
1,The national team is much more sophisticated and moving than this old movie
1,It's not good.cliché
1,I'm from the national university fan club.
1,You're a poor student compared to Korea University.
1,a cliche story
1,The best in the best
1,Pyozzang of Korea. Old 1 point
1,The rest of the national team scored 1 point
6,The fear of AIDS that destroyed a man's close friendship.
6,To be honest, I don't shed a tear a bit
1,a wistful hope
1,I trusted the rating. I almost slept because I was bored, let alone tears. It's the worst movie of my life.
1,I like it but I don't like it!
4,There are a lot of movies like this in Korea
1,I can't believe the score
1,The Cure is not this big of a movie.
1,It's a movie like OOO
6,If you touch Eric again, I'll kill you Do you understand?
5,To be honest, I don't like it. I'm more touched by Amsem
5,Am I an ice heart? I can't get into it. It's like acting
1,Children's movies
6,I was so cold-hearted when I saw myself to shed tears.
1,  warm
6,I hope it was touching...
4,It's worth watching, but...It's kind of boring. It's kind of hard to get a nine-point rating.
1,It is a good movie, but it needs to be graded.
6,It's fun, but it's just... I think Knock on Heaven's Door is better
1,To be honest, the storyline was boring
6,You didn't make me cry, you didn't give me the greatest impression
1,I want to give you 0 point I'm not impressed...
1,Boring story, obvious touching
1,Maybe because the emotions are dry, it's just funny, but the rating is too high
1,Why isn't it sad?
1,Even his girlfriend who cries a girlfriend who cries a lot
1,Boredom
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
5,I'm disappointed as much as I expectedYes, yes
4,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,I looked forward to it, but it's too obvious and there's nothing sad. It's too
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
6,It's not a movie to watch twice
5,You know what?
6,It's not a sad movie
5,Well, I don't think it's funny at all. I'm not sad. The music was good
6,The meaning of a friend in a sad emotion... A tear at the pitiful appeal.
6,It was obvious, but it was good
3,It's touching, but it's not natural. It's fake.
4,I'm just so moved
6,This isn't right
1,Why was I so bored? The last scene was just like that, too. A movie that was a waste of time
1,That's cool, but
5,???? New Pazo...
5,I can't believe that I'm in the top ranks.Oh my god
6,A 1996 video clip.
1,I am generous
5,Will I cry now? Back then, it was just a terminally ill movie
1,It's a waste of time spent on this movie. It's a rubbish movie that's worth a point.
1,Good bye score...
1,If I have a friend like Eric, I refuse. It's totally unconventional
6,Thank you is even more touching.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
3, well
2,It wasn't touching.
1,No, no, no, no.
1,It's touching, but it's not Lee Jung-don
2,A fatal error in growth is not being noticed.friendship blossoming amid brutal discrimination
4,Only the title is cool
4,It's not touching, it's not fun, it's boring
6,It's just that I wasn't impressed. Was it too restrained; it wasn't funny and sad
6,Am I emotionally dry? This kind of movie is not very impressive.crying
6,It wasn't that touching, but it was a movie where I tried to squeeze out tears.
5,a tear-jerking movie
1,It was sad
3,It's really no fun
1,Do I have to give 10 points if it's touching? Lunatic.
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
1,Top
1,It's fun and touching, but the rating is too high
1,If you get AIDS through a blood transfusion, you'll be really mad.
1,Everyone has different listening skills. If 53% of teenagers...
1,Well, it's fun, but ^^
1,It's not number one
1,I think I'm looking forward to it too much. About 8 points for the movie?
1,A good movie... but the rating is too high
5,Why did it suddenly come up?
1,It was fun, but... I'm not first place
1,I'm touched, but
1,I was impressed when I was young, but it shouldn't be first place.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
6,Except for the typicality of a calm, moving form
1,I was tricked by the score ;;
5,I should've seen you when you were a kid, but now...
1,I was fooled by the ratings; I'm tired of the forced story
1,Where the hell am I supposed to cry?
6,For the last 10 minutes, it's a bit touching. It's so boring.
6,a good work for children
1,a movie that doesn't fit this era
1,the worst movie ever
6,a film that is common and lacking in depth
