이티
1,.. 역겹다...
1,And so these families lost a state lawsuit for a felony that cost them a lot of scientific research, resulting in huge damages and life imprisonment... but later Etty came back and saved them, burned the ship, exploded the earth, and went into space.
6,A warm movie. It would have been more groundbreaking if I had seen it then. The production is great.
1,Chinatown opens on June 1st
6,I've seen it many times when I was a kid
6,A film that shows Spielberg's organs best. It's a pity that I couldn't give you another star because I couldn't see it at the time.
1,It was worth watching at the time of release, but it's not a masterpiece beyond the times
5,childhood memories Just that one.It's one of the useless dreams of adolescents dreaming of becoming alien friends.
4,A family movie about childhood, alien encounter, and friendship. It is a monumental work that contributed to the alien craze of the time. However, after 2000, the playback time is long and quite tedious compared to the content.
5,It's quite childish in this era. It's just for killing time
2,A strange doll came out, ate the refrigerator, got sick, got a biopsy at the hospital, died, revived, rode a bike to the moon, what movie is this?
6,It doesn't feel great by current standards. I feel like I've made up a lot of the shortcomings of the movie with John Williams' music.
6,When I was young, I watched it in the early 90s and again in the early 2000s.Not such a high-scoring movie.
5,"My Love from the Star" STAY
1,It's a brilliant letter in the movie, but it's a letter of misfortune in the game.
6,Some scenes caught my eye, but as if they were not enough to satisfy the adult fantasy as a whole, I cheered for Etti's safe return
1,It may have been great at the time of its release, but now it looks like a cliche, classic quality, and bad acting by actors. Personally, I'm a Spielberg fan and I know it's a famous movie, but it was so boring ; What makes you cry like crazy?A movie with bubbles on its rating
1,No matter how SF it is, I don't think there' It's just an alien coming in, fixing the disease, riding a bike, flying in you, and flying in a spaceship --;ㅡㅡ;
1,A movie about aliens with innocence. But I was bored because I watched a lot of movies with stimulating material. A movie older than my age. Drew Barrymore's childhood is so cute. It looks like Pixar Annie Wall-E.
6,A sad movie + toys...;;;
5,The review is so funny. Except for the blank space, you have to write at least 10 characters to register
5,Even in the famous finger-to-finger scene, I couldn't feel any emotion.A movie that doesn't appeal to me personally.
1,It's not fun
1,I watched E.T. but it wasn't fun and I wasn't impressed. If I have to say something memorable, I think the main character's younger sister was cute?
1,This is Lucas rather than Spielberg.
4,Thirty years later. This movie without seasoning gave me no taste, accustomed to all kinds of stimulating flavors.
1,Mr. E.T. 1 bird 1 meal is so gross. OOO 1 meal--
1,an anti-Christian film disguised as an alien and a friendship
5,It was too much for me to overcome the 20-year gap
4,ET Let's not do anything to ruin our memories.
5,Re-release... This isn't right...
1,It's far away, but it's showing again.Don't you have any movies to release?
1,When I was young, I was fresh and good But it's going to be a good memory. Are you opening it up again?
3,Is it being re-released?
4,Wow. Because it's famous. I saw it.This movie. It really doesn't suit me.I'm not bored at all.You fast-forwarded it
1,As expected, it's boring and unlikely because it's an old movie, but it gives me creativity.
6,Is it because I watched it after I grew up? I don't see anything but the ones who helped the aliens.
6,Spielberg is a genius.a sequel to the encounter with the unknown
1,The rating is too high...Kids who give 10 points, don't overdo it...
1,E.T. shows human cunning, eerie cruelty, and low-grade humanism.
1,E.T. is ugly
1,The rating is too high
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
4,It's not that...
1,It was a waste of time with popcorn when I saw it after a long time
6,I know it's a good movie, but... Honestly, it's not funny.
4,It wasn't fun. It's not boring, it's not touching. E.T. is ugly, too.
1,It's so boring
1,I was disappointed to see this image of OOO movie E.T.
5,Spielberg's own perfume that will last as long as Etty's long neck.
5,It would have been fun to watch in the 80s.Looking at it now, it's very
1,I'm sure it's impressive and...I enjoyed watching it.But... Spielberg...
1,It's definitely not funny, old guys
1,Don't trust NAVER's score. Find a movie in the eight-point range. That's the movie.
1,What's wrong with the ratings -- Shawshank did something wrong?
1,I don't watch movies
1, substitution, replacement,  substitute , replace ,  supplant
1,I can't feel Etty's emotion when I look at it again.
1,Let's not joke around.
1,It's definitely not in the 9-point range.8 points is just right...
4,I don't think so
1,What's this?
1,Now that I look at it again, it's 0 point
1,What was interesting? I saw him when I was young, but...
1,Shawshank is the best
1,Alive movies have higher ratings
1,ET is so gross
1,It's too high
1,Hey, E.T. is too much~~
1,The rating is too high.
5,ET's No. 1 is too much ;;
2,It's a good movie, but for Shawshank...
1,Chicken and Shawshank
6,It's nice, but it feels like it's all of a sudden. Is it just me?
5,I don't know if it's because I saw it for the first time 20 years
6,Very nice to see the kids
1,It's a friendship between aliens and humans
4,It's a moving feeling that comes out from the bottom of my heart
