소원
6,be heartbroken beyond words
5,Unnecessarily too long running time. It's a cringe-worthy OST
6,Why does it have to hurt so much?
1,Why do you make a movie like this? He doesn't think about the victim at all. The psychopaths...
1,To be honest, my dialect acting is the worst.I use actors who speak Gyeongsang-do dialect well to film a movie, or I will change the area that the movie represents. I can't get into it at all.
6,You're gonna die
1,Scandal Makers Using Victims to Make Money
1,Scandal Makers Using Victims to Make Money
6,Wow, I can't listen to actors especially actresses because they are awkward with Gyeongsang-do dialect.
4,I don't know why I made this movie. Why?
2,Why did you change what happened in Ansan to Gyeongsang-do? I can't believe it
6,
5,Let's just put the Korean law trash thugs to death
1,[Good comment] Nine o'clock, you can't touch the people. You can mix up people's scentsK
4,I'm not good at acting in dialect. It sounds like a Korean accent
1,If you really wanted to kill her, you shouldn't have made a movie like this in the first place.
1,to feel empty////
1,Sci-Luya Quinta: Surprised and excitedly
1,Import Protection State statistics enrichment
1,I know it's a true story, but honestly, the movie is not very interesting.lol
6,Why can't he tell her he did it to her in the church bathroom? / I did it by seducing the kid who went to school to go to church
6,Cho Doo-soon, you will curse the whole world even if you live or die. a piece of crap
4,What do you mean you don't even want to remember? You're hurting the victim by listening to the movie
1,It's a sad story, but the old movie...  If it's a true story like this, the set score for 10 points is pretentious.I wish I could stop making box office profits from this. Except for the true story, it's not fun at all. Let's cut the score.
1,It's not fun at all.
1,What a fifth-rate king...We must never make it again.
5,Cho Doo-soon was a very devout dog. That part is missing from this movie. Then, about 40 percent of the cases are missing from the essence of the case. Cho Doo-soon asked before the crime. "Do you go to this church?" This is a very important point. So I cut the score.
1,Korean movies are not fun.
1,Why do you have to turn this into a movie to bring back painful memories? Is it okay to make a movie while desperately running away after seeing reporters flocking to the movie? What nonsense is this, Junik?
1,It was not supposed to be a movie. It is good to send a bright message to society, but the victim will be accompanied by the memory of that time for the rest of her life whenever she sees the poster. Many are important, but a few victims deserve to be protected.
1,Is it a 12-year-old movie? The last line of the movie was good. It's about strengthening the law that comes out in 10 years. I don't think it's a 9.32 rating. It's compared to the gift in room 7. You don't know why it's a 10 million movie, do you?
1,Not really... just a rating from people who are sympathetic to the public anger and mob mentality
1,It's not fun. It's a shame
1,Let's not play with the ratings
1,No, Cho Doo-soon is from Jeolla-do, and the place where the incident took place is Gyeonggi-do. - Are you telling the people of Gyeongsang-do to screw up?
1,It's for 12 years old. Is it a movie that kids can watch?
1,The director's commercial purpose in choosing an actor seems to be too obvious
4,What I felt after watching the movie is why people who have sinned like that are not even first offenders, but I will continue to commit crimes after living for about 10 years, but the law of this country is strange and I only sigh. The movie is coming out with a happy ending, but I feel bad for a while
6,It's my wish that movies like wishes don't come out anymore
1,Do you eat?
1,Who is this movie for? Nayoung will know that there is this movie. Maybe you don't even dare to see it. I'll only remember those moments. It's for you and the audience.  Would it be comforting, if not healing, if someone made a movie of your terrible?
6,You have to keep your score straight. It's not 9.32
1,It's unpleasant. It's uncomfortable.It hurts. It's sad.I have a scar on my mind.In some Korean movies, he steals with a knife in his chest.Cry, rage, flip. Looks like you're brainwashing it's your job. Maybe the heart of the person who purposely looked it up was made of cement.
1,I'll cut it because it's higher than the memory of murder.
1,Commercializing with someone else's wounds you want to forget.
1,a lucrative subject for commercializing a case
1,Did we have to make a movie with this kind of topic? It's a shocking news story.
6,The child actor is so pretty
1,Dear Sir. ㅠ.ㅠ My heart aches
1,Boredom story is unfortunate, but when you see it in a movie, it's ㄹㄹ
6,The movie itself is not very interesting. But it makes me think about sex punishment one more time.
1,The actual incident is a pity, but I don't think the movie itself deserves such a rating.
1,It's touching, but the rating is too high
1,The last time I tried.This rubbish movie defames justice.Seol Kyung-gu's acting ability is admired, but his work has been ruined because of the trial.12 years, a year, or a death penalty, they're all the same, right? Sowon's side is all on the side of the police chief's side with the gift from room 7.I'm happy to be sentenced to death
1,A typical new drama, a movie theme that fits the Korean sentiment is good, but it didn't make it work well, and the probability is not smooth, and one star is just right
1,Honestly, it's not to that extent
6,Gyeongsang-Dian and Jeolla-Dian will eat this country up
1,The worst sentimental movie I've ever seen, we've missed the opportunity to learn a valuable lesson, covered by the sensationalist and Cocomong ppl who have no creativity, no real satire, no social criticism, etc. about this incident
1,A movie that emphasizes only emotions. A movie that is not intended for cold and thoughtful people. A movie that is recommended only for simple people
1,As a father of my daughter, I don't see any efforts to come up with strong legislation to solve these problems or research support for strengthening protection systems for children in the future, but it's just a movie made out of materials.The Republic of Korea cried and the person involved died
5,In the beginning of the movie, parents who couldn't take care of their children, and the child who went to the side road that their mother told them not to go...  The nuance of the film as if they had provided some cause for the incident. I was disappointed by the director who didn't say that it was a crazy person's bizarre behavior that wasn't their fault throughout the movie.
1,Because of this crap movie...I'm afraid Nayoung will get hurt even more later.
5,The whole time I watched the movie, I was so angry that I couldn't watch it
6,Midterm music. Ending is weird.;;;
6,It's a night where you have to understand the feelings of your parents and Sowon, rather than lowering the rating of the movie
1,The story is about the failure of casting many actors and actresses, and the role of the movie Da So Won was so good. It was a failure movie by Seol Kyung-gu
6,Human rights? What are we going to do with human rights and put them to death so they won't be scared? Is there a psychopath who commits sex crimes because he wants to die?
3,I think the law of Monga is like me. The law of Korea
5,The wish movie is really touching^^
1,No fun, no touching, Cho Doo Soon. I admit he's a snitch
1,I haven't finished watching it yet, so the movie reviews are a bit...If you don't remember the least execution bracelet and ring, I want to change the law of the Republic of Korea where rapists or criminals can live I'm the one who can't do it
1,I don't want to play the role of Seol Kyung-gu as a father like that I can't get into character. And I can't even speak in dialect. I used to think I was good at acting, but it's not even a movie
1,It wasn't fun for me.
2,Dogani, Han Gongju, and elegant lies were really impressive, but this movie seems to be a really bad movie except for the true story. Rather, it is uncomfortable because the coach feels like he is trying to use the true story. I don't want this to happen again.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun from the beginning
2,He looks like he's had a hard time. He got 1 point!
6,People rave about it, and to be honest, I didn't feel any emotion or sadness watching it in the theater
1,Seol Kyung-gu, you...You keep saying that you're good at baseball.Be a kind father. Is sports so important? That is the spearhead of capitalism. Wake up. Focus on the kid. Be a little sweet. Hey, you...
2,Can I shoot a movie like this without Seol Kyung-gu's wife and children? I wish I could disappear from the movie world. I'm disgusted just by looking at his face
1,If it weren't for Seol Kyung-gu, I would have paid for the movie.
5,I felt more heartbroken while watching the movie
1,Seol Kyung-gu's movie is doomed.  I can't act and I have bad energy
1,There's nothing to see except Seol Kyung-gu, who dances wearing Coco Mong-tal.
1,I don't like Lee Joon-ik. Lee Joon-ik should disappear.
1,The human rights of victims should be eliminated from emotional and lucrative movies due to such criminal reality. Disgusting.
1,I paid for this a long time ago, but if you're going to look at it, you're going to leave a rating. Look at the crucible. There's no content. I'm just trying to squeeze tears out of it, so people around me, I'm shining useless things. I've never thought that the worst part of acting was done by a crucible, but I was amazed by that
6,Don't give me touching or stimulating words
5,It is worth living high that it made social problems a little more differently by making them look at them in a different way, but the actors' awkward dialect makes themselves. Did I have to speak in dialect?
6,a heart-warming film It's a movie that the whole nation must watch
6,It's a real story, so I feel uncomfortable like I'm watching a crucible.
1,I regretted it. The preview showed the ending, and I was wondering if this was a movie.
6,Is it a world where alcohol laughs?
5,Did you get permission from the victim's family and the person involved? Did you get permission to poke me? To be honest, when such a movie is released, the pain of the victims will only increase. The movie itself was like an emotional attack, so it was worth watching for the 5 points
2,I can relate to the movie as it reflects the reality of modern Korean society, but I don't like such a movie without a special story
5,I don't know how far it's a true story or a cinematic exaggeration. There was a sense of alienation and atmosphere throughout the movie because the criminal was portrayed so wickedly by exaggerating the criminal. It's an interesting movie based on a real famous incident, and as someone wrote in the expert's review, it's a movie that you can't watch twice because it's not fun
6,I think it's much better than forced third-rate comedy forced emotion like room 7. But I don't want to see this twice.
3,Personally, I don't like this forced tear-jerking movie. It's good for Nayoung to use the incident as a motif to raise awareness and promote the sadness of the incident, but I thought I was watching a commercial for Cocomong all the whole time
6,Dramatic mediocre movies based on real-life events
1,Your rating is too high I was gonna give you 7 points, but I got 1 point for leveling up.To be honest, it's a true story and it hasn't been long, so many people will sympathize with it, but if it's not true, I don't think it's much different from the gift in room 7
1,The clumsy production spoils the performance.
6,Director Lee Joon-ik is really talented
6,A vicious story into a fairy tale.
2,Dogani watched angrily, but Lee Young-hwan personally was not too much. The true story was more upsetting, and so boring. My mom was bored, too. It seems that the director's discretion is different;;
2,Well, it's not sad, it's not scary, it's not happy, what the hell is it?
1,I don't think so.I think it's in line with the family's idea that a man who commits a crime against a woman should be severely punished or executed, regardless of whether the crime is large or small.12 years less in prison?Does that mean that if you think the punishment is weak, you should at least put him to death?
1,Was it a movie that will become an issue unconditionally based on public sympathy?I think I failed for that.The biggest reason is "Snow Kyung-gu"!It's not a child sex offender or a human being who's blind to a young man and abandoned his daughter and wife!
6,It's a little boring, but sad and very sad
1,Women's Gyeongsang dialect is so strong that they can't understand the lines and can't concentrate on the movie. Is this a movie for people in Gyeongsang-do?
2,First of all, the actors' Busan dialect is really awkward, so I'm annoyed.The movie is more about anger than emotion.Director Lee Joon-ik seems to have lost his touch.It's like a rookie director
6,Something I don't want to think of again, but something I should never forget
1,Why did he have to be an actor?
1,It's not that sad. Cho Doo Soon will be beaten to death on the day he gets out of prison
1,I don't like Seol Kyung-gu, so I got 1 point
2,I got 5 stars for my acting. Especially Um Jiwon!The movie's completeness is three stars. But why do I want to give one star? Because it was uncomfortable... What is the law of the Republic of Korea that is generous to trash who ruined other people's lives?This movie is hard to watch twice.
1,After Cho Doo Soon is released from prison, we will kill you It's not a contract. I don't want anything Please tell me the address of Cho Doo Soon's residence You just have to kill a guy like that I'll keep posting related articles until I get out of jail. Please contact me
6,The issue of social issues, high horoscopes for dealing with problems, and for movies, it's just that.
1,Well, it was not bad, but I think 7 points is enough.Rating...
6,I'm glad I got 12 years. Get out of here quickly, your anger will go out of your way to those who will be waiting for you.
1,I can see everything you're trying to get paid for by the Cho Doo-soon incident. You dirty birds, you're nothing more than a movie about killing people directly involved in this incident twice.
6,I don't know... I've been dealing with this material so much that it's not fun and touching.
1,I think about 7 points would be good.
6,The topic was heavy to impress, and it was a subject that couldn't be taught a lesson. It's just something that makes you angry. And it was boring, so I can't give you a good rating
5,These days, I am tired of movies that are made only seriously, but it was okay because Junik Lee had to shut up and heal. If you watch it twice, you'll get sick of it.
6,It was okay to be touched, but... The story was so full that it was boring, but it was fun. Above all, I thought that the Korean law was only this much.
5,Let's not forget about Cho Doo Soon and the judge
1,I enjoyed it. I've been listening to the OST.  It's been a while since I saw a good movie.
1,It's like a promotional movie for Cocomong. I can't get into it because of Cocomong. It's not short, and it's not because of the psychological approach, but because of Cocomong, it's so unrealistic. I want you to study a bit before making it's a bit disappointing. I think the title should be changed to Cocomong country
1,Please, Korean movies need to get a hold of themselves now.
5,The movie itself is good, but you know it's based on a true story, right?  This case.    But when I made the movie, I made it without discussing it with me.  And then a Lori Rapeman like me who sexually assaulted him comes out after prison and kills him, and you make this a movie?
1,Hope is hope, isn't it? Why is the title "Sowon"?
6,You can enjoy it at least once
1,The score is too high. It's not 1 point, but it's too high, so the topic of giving was okay It wasn't enough to squeeze my tears out
1,Money was made operational. I don't cry, it's not fun, it's not touching
1,It's just an indirect advertisement for Cocomong
1,I don't like this kind of film festival.
1,To make money, someone's pain is just an interesting subject
1,Can I laugh with God at Lotte? I don't want to lose a point
1,1 point for many part-timers
1,8 points or more is too much, so the rating is adjusted.
1,In fact, it is not a movie to be filmed by Seol Kyung-gu, who turns his wife into a one-time thing.
1,Eight marks are good enough. It's too high
6,I understand the message you're trying to deliver, but...I'm not sure about the fun
5,It's all good, but the dialect seemed to be exaggerating and exaggerating, especially the most annoying thing was my dad and my mom. I can't get into it because of this.In Gyeongsang-do, I use the word "oppa" or "nuna" or "hyung" but it's my mom or dadI don't use this
5,It was too heavy a subject for me as well for me.The crucible and the 7th room didn't cry.
1,The cliche of the story... Father who works in a poor house and a factory, a stubborn mother... Acting for a family drama... It's similar to Haeundae. There were a lot of things that were forced like crying and honestly, I knew how the story would go. It's just an emotional appeal for the problem
1,Did you open up what you already knew and make it thinking about Nayoung, the victim of Nayoung's case? The crucible is to put the buried fact back in the media, but the whole nation already knows about Na-young's case. I think it's very commercial
1,I watched it very boringly... I don't think I can't watch a movie.
4,But why do I hear Streets of Philadelphia? Isn't it plagiarism? It was a good movie... I'm going to take out 2 stars because of that.The dialect description was so low. It was a good movie, but...
2,It's not touching, but I'd rather take revenge ㅜㅜ Then what happens to Sowon? There must be many people in the real world who have the same wish, but should Sowon be sick for the rest of her life and the people around her be sick for the rest of her life? You can see him again because he's short
1,I didn't hesitate to choose because the review said that I was more angry than "Cutie" and cried more than "Gift in Cell No. 7."I can't ignore individual differences, but it's worse than the crucible or the 7th room.  I think the 9-point range is too much, and the 7-point range is enough, but to adjust the score, I picked up 1 point
6,It was a pity that I couldn't get over the tears.
1,The rating is ridiculous. How can a movie that can only be made with this kind of development be touching? It's a movie that makes you cry when the point of tears comes. a film rated high for its simple true story
2,It's a weird movie. 123455
4,I wonder why you have such a high rating. Is it a great movie just to stimulate the tear glands? As I went back, I felt that Na-young's case was too cinematic and glorified. The details of the movie's directing and the actors' acting skills saved this movie.
1,I watched it because I heard it stimulates the tear glands. I'm very disappointed. It was a good attempt to raise social awareness of sexual assault on a minor with the motif of Cho Doo-soon's case.Anyway, this movie is disappointing. I doubt the reason for the high rating. What a waste of money.
1,Where the hell is the crying point?
5,Casting miss.. Seol Kyung-gu -> like a hot-tempered steel detective (I have to play a new character but I can't) / Um Ji-won -> Original acting ability (Feeling outstanding character 메멜로 멜로드라마드라마) The purpose of the movie is good, but I could have lived up to the dramatic factors such as the trial result.Don't try too much. Try
1,-- Don't watch the reality show
5,Now, when I look at Seol Kyung-gu, I can't concentrate on the main character of the movie because the word "fidelity" comes to mind first. Not really
1,Why would I watch it? It's amazing. It's a waste of 1
1,I saw it because the rating was high.Honestly, it's not that...
1,The score is too highIt's a movie that's forced and unrealistic. It's not realistic enough
2,Honestly, I'm bored. I don't know if it's touching, but I just turned it into a movie. I was bored.
2,The topic is not appropriate for fun, and there is not enough impact to convey the message. I can only see Nayoung's case as a commodity
6,It was a bit ridiculous, sad, and sad, but it wasn't a movie that made me cry
4,I cried the whole time I watched the movie.As a parent raising a child, how painful would it be for the child and his parents to be the subject of this movie? I don't think it'll hurt me again.I thought I had to turn this story into a movie. I thought that the commerciality of adults was scary.
1,He made it easy to make money out of the victim's privacy
5,It wasn't a movie that taught me a lesson, and it wasn't a movie that felt like it was memorable for a long time. Such a subject is too common to watch without acting skills, but I think I bought it thanks to the actors. I was disappointed with the law of our country and disappointed with the level of Korean movies.
3,The movie that squeezes out tears and runny nose is OUT!
1,I'll tell you when I'm not gonna make a cheap movie like this, but I'm gonna tell you what a movie is like, so tears are the best thing for Koreans to crybaby Koreans
1,To be honest, it was a heartbreaking movie because it was a true story.When I think about Nayoung's case, my heart aches and my sentence should go down.But I didn't feel it in the movie.I think I wasted a lot of time in Cocomong.I only looked at the phone when it was over.The movie was not good, but Nayoung is rooting for you
1,It's a movie that makes me cry, but it doesn't come out even if I try to squeeze it out -- oh, it's not fun
1,I can't feel Seol Kyung-gu's acting more than acting.
1,Since Seol Kyung-gu came out...
6,I don't know why my score is so highIf it's like this...I think it's better to just watch the newsThere's no twist. There's no sauce. It was too bland for a movie
5,Um Jiwon, is there an actor who doesn't act that well? I accept Seol Kyung-gu's acting. It's not the time to wipe away tears.It's just a pity...I could have been tricked if I took it myself
5,There are too many part-timers. Looking at the comments, it's ridiculous to compare it to room number 7 and use superiority expressions. The emotion of the 7th room and the emotion of this movie are different. And the fun and immersion level is also a landslide victory in Cell No. 7. It's just a two-cornered... Stop setting up part-timers.
6,What can I say if I exclude acting skills? It seems like some abuse to have a child play this stuff
1,Is there a lesson from the movie? Let's not rape her? It's like a movie about making money by raising pot grit? Isn't it like a Korean movie? I'm sick of it;;
6,He said he felt sorry for me.;; It's not that interesting;;
6,It wasn't that sad.I don't know what's sad about it-- it's sloppy
1,Look at only those who like sad things.
3,It's not fun at all. I almost fell asleep.;; If you want to know where to cry and be sad, just download our criticisms and sentiments
1,Rating too high...
6,Why is the rating so high?I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it too much.I dozed off in the middle
1,All of these films are rated too high for the part-timers to give them a point
6,It's fun and the story is solid
1,I don't understand why the rating is so high. What a waste of time.
1,I was so sleepy that I slept. Kyungsung is always the same
6,If the law of our country was strong, this kind of movie would not have come out. I don't understand that this movie has a rating of nine
1,To be honest, it's not 1 point, but the movie is worth 6 points, 0 percent touching, 0 percent interesting, 0 percent dozing off in the movie theaterI did it.
4,Come to think of it, when Na-young's case was about to calm down, Na-young, who had calmed down again with the movie "Sowon," burst out the case. I don't know if Nayoung made this movie without thinking about her parents'
1,It's a touching movie
6,The content is good, but it is not very boring
1,It's really a part-time job. What was touching and where we cried together?Score. Part-time worker wins
1,In the end, it is a trashy movie that makes a commercial movie with other people's pain and fills someone's stomach. If you give the entire profit to the victims' families, you will watch it twice or three times, but it is too wasteful to pay the director and actors.
1,A Korean movie that's obvious even if you don't watch it... How can I force it to ring this time?
1,If it weren't for Seol Kyung-gu, I would have been more immersed. That's too bad The child actor's acting is good, but his innocent appearance makes me cry
4,Why wasn't it fun for me?It's like the gift from room seven was better
1,You're so bad. ㅠㅠ Judge, please destroy the solar plexus, the lawyer
5,The story was really good and sad, but it seems a bit boring.
1,Please refrain from it. Please, let's control ourselves
1,After watching this movie, I felt uncomfortable thinking about how my family would be hurt
1,Don't make things like this for your family
1,To be honest, how can this be a movie with a score of 9? To be honest, it was an obvious story And I don't know where to cry I was looking forward to it and got disappointed and came back home
5,Korea's No. 1 job site, R.B.Cheonguk ♪
5,I don't know. Room 7 is more fun and touching.
2,Unfortunately, there was nothing to watch except the child's acting ability
5,If it's not a bad thing to do, you're gonna kill someone for an umbrella. You know that, but you're pretending you don't you? Honestly, isn't it a court of law? Please, let's go back to the trial
3,Don't just use the material and donate the proceeds to the movie company.
1,Are they all part-timers? How can this movie get more than 9 points?I can't deliver the message, and the story drags on. It's boring, it's boring, it's not fun.
1,How can this movie get 9 points for such a boring, storyless movie?Of course, the actors' acting was so cool that it was a waste of money and boring movie money. But do you want 9 points?I won't be fooled by the ratings again.  Stop acting like a dog. I don't want to watch Korean movies anymore
5,I don't think it's as good as I expected.
1,It is very sad and sad about the incident, but the movie itself is too obvious and boring
6,It was hard to understand that Korean people liked such movies. When I saw other people's pain, I thought, "Is it righteous enough to suffer together?"  The conclusion is vicarious satisfaction. a feeling of satisfaction with a movie
1,I'm sure those of you who are going to watch the movie will be disappointed It happened in my neighborhood, but the movie wasn't as detailed as the reporters' writing
1,An obvious story and an obvious development.
1,I can't believe that an affair man, Seol Kyung-gu, is starring in such a family movie. Please refrain from it' I can't get into it
1,Director children, such as "Doenjang," a trash movie directed by Garbage, capitalize on such things and attract audiences with shallow appreciation. This sword-dog shuqui was worse than Cho Doo-soon, but not less. Destroy his three tribes
1,I think making a movie with this content is another mistake of adults. I don't think there should be such a thing as filling someone's stomach with someone's pain.
5,Honestly, I don't know why this movie is getting such high reviews.Although it is said that movies that cause great personal feelings are attractive, let's not focus too much on them to cloud our judgment on film reviews
1,I fell asleep because it's obvious...I don't understand the rating
1,This can just come out as a drama.Is this a low-budget trick with another female audience?Until there's only one Korean movie in the theater...
6,Everything was good. Casting Seol Kyung-gu... I can't concentrate...-- Because the ex-wife case kept overlapping...
3,Was it posted by part-timers with a rating of 10? Honestly, it wasn't a movie with a rating of 10 points
1,I don't want to see it again...
1,It's a part-time job heaven for netizens' ratings
1,Netizens' ratings are amazing.
1,I think 9.27 would be hard without a part-time job.
2,I'm not a part-timer. I saw Sunday yesterday. I mean it. I was forced to cry. But it's better than a cold. So, the advantage is
1,Well, the obvious story ㅠㅠ The lines are usually...
1,It's not that sad, it's just that the whole time I see it, it's awkward, there's no lesson, it's just that the whole family is upset, so don't watch it
4,I'm more angry than moved What's the standard for making this movie? Do you want to prevent it? I don't know if you've made a movie to help that kid.I think I'm hurting her again because of this movie
1,10 stars is a bit too much. Of course, it's pitiful and heartbreaking, but it's not a good movie, but I was fooled by Naver's rating again
6,When you want to cry, it makes you sad
1,If you're tired of movies like this and stop coming out, it's always a true story. If you do that, there's no content
3,It's me who's angry, but it's obvious.
6,No fun. I know that Cocomong is a sausage, so I give you 6 points.
5,The movie is too heavy and frustrating
5,The score is higher than I thought I shed tears all the time, but my Gyeongsang dialect is so clumsy that I can't concentrate on the movie
6,To be honest, this kind of movie is obviously a sad and teary movie, but I don't want to see it again because it's a movie that makes me feel frustrated because it's a true story when I don't want to see it again
2,To be honest, I fell short of what I expected.
6,There are some sad scenes, but it's not to the point of crying. I was bored in between.I'm really looking forward to it ㅠㅠ Anyway, I think the acting was good
5,It's so obvious. It's boring
1,Seol Kyung-gu is acting the same whether he's coming out as a father or Kang Chul-joong. He's terrible at changing characters
1,I want to watch it, but if you think that Seol Kyung-gu is your father, does it make sense that you can film this kind of movie in your family?1 point for not letting me watch the movie
2,I don't think that was very interesting It wasn't as good as I expected.I don't think I've had a lot of fun crying
1,The worst trash movie I've ever seen in my life... Ah... This was the first time I really wasted 9,000 won. crying
1,Room 7 is sadder
1,I need to adjust the rating
2,It was fun to watch with Siri
1,The movie was okay, but the people at the bottom are all part-timers. The acting is okay, but Seol Kyung-gu is acting as a father, so I'm annoyed. I don't know if someone who got married to another woman can shoot a movie like this. I guess he got cursed at it less when he went to the healing camp
3,A movie that is full of tears
1,A typical opportunistic movie that takes the justice of the audience hostage and develops provocative material. It may be possible to give all the profits to the actual victims of the incident.
3,Unfortunately, I am not sad at all. How does this movie get more than 8 points?I don't understandHowever, I give at least 3 points because of the actors who are good at acting.
1,Lee Joon-ik, make this kind of thing to be popular with Seol Kyung-gu Femi. Make a movie about a man being sexually assaulted and cut off in 2003
1,How can you commercialize it with someone else's hurt?
1,It's true that the movie message is good, but the touching one seems to have been squeezed out, but everyone is sad, so I wonder if there are only part-timers.
1,Seol must have a presidential back. I can't even act on my face. Why does it keep coming out? In a word, unlikable. Unlikable
6,Most of the comments say they cried a lot while watching the movie.- I didn't know where to cry. - Even if it was forced tears, the gift in room 7 was more touching
1,The rating is overrated. One point. Personally, Room 7 sheds more tears, and this is...Something was lacking. Natural tears are the best movie praises, but I don't think it's to that extent. There are a lot of forced tears. Of course it's intention and material. It's warm and nice, but that's it
1,I don't know why it's so popular. I think I wrote a rating part-time job. I cried while watching it, but that's the end. The director only thought about making the audience cry and watched the movie. There were only lines that weren't like children. It's a shame that my GPA is 140 letters
5,Korean movies... There are so many things like this, honestly...It's such a waste to pay for it at the theater! It'd be nice to download it on a computer There's no interest in the theater! Stop making teary moviesLet's do me a favor
1,It seems inappropriate for a 12-year-old to watch.
1,I don't think it was bad for a movie. I'm sure you got the victim's consent in advance. Still, I don't want this story to be made into a movie because it seems to reveal the victim's painful memories.
1,I thought of this when I was coming out of the movie.I'd like you to do that now.People who watched the movie get annoyed and angryThen let's actively cooperate and send those human beings away.When the movie is over, I want you to sign and execute the sentence again.And family, cheer up!I'm sorry
5,Even after such a terrible thing, my sincere and sincere wish isI'm gonna take care of my dad.There are so many angelic and warm people around me.The movie setting is not enough to reduce the sense of reality and create anger and issues like the crucible.Director Lee Junik, who was too careful with his body! Still, the discovery of monster child actor Ire is the greatest harvest!
6,Honestly, I don't like it. It's a bit touching, but I think it's mostly sad and there's not much added.
1,Boring. Did you copy the gift from room 7? Why is Hwi so childish? You're like a 7-year-old kid
3,I watched it because they all said it was fun, but it was less than I expected
1,노잼 노스트레스
5,If you look forward to a movie that's perfect to watch without anticipation, you'll regret it
5,Honestly, I looked forward to the score and went...I think it's worse than the gift in cell sevenI was worried that the incident of five years ago would be remembered again, and that it would make the victims of the incident.Don't make it into a movie. Phew~
1,Hmm... I heard it was more touching than the present in room 7, so I saw it, but I don't think it's good. It wasn't that fun and boring, but why is the rating so high? And leave the victim alone. Ali Nayoung's song, too. Are you emotional? I don't know why you have to make a movie on this topic.
6,The whole story is sad, of course, because a child is being misbehaved. But I was looking forward to the reviews and stuff, so I didn't know if it was because I was looking forward to it, but I just laughed I feel sorry for Sowon but it was like a movie The overall content is sad, but I don't think the movie itself is that sad
1,Don't be fooled. I can't get into it. It's not good
1,It's a sad subject, but it really made it like a Korean movie. An hour and a half is really boring and when the rest of the time is going to be fun and touching, the movie ends. The film's perfection has dropped considerably.
4,The real view and snowpiercer are also the power of marketing. It is true that Internet people are manipulated or part-timers are used to trick them, and Korean movies are downloaded.
6,I don't understand why the rating is so high A series of boring movies.
5,Maybe the victim of child sexual assault should be hushed and shamed by rumors, but it became a hasty movie because even the movie treated it like that. The movie was too plain and not very interesting
5,Child sexual violence is so uncomfortable/Why are all these movies so mature and not like children? So, Cocomong, the country of refrigerator, is uncomfortable like the main character of this movie. Watching a serious movie, kissing the couple next to me and wriggling around... That's why it's more uncomfortable
5,I'm always looking forward to it.But I was disappointedIt's not a true story. It's a great thing. Is it just me who thinks about it?It's really...
2,Obvious content and obvious ending Shouldn't you be making a movie with a common theme from the beginning so you can be immersed? I think the movie was made to make some money with the topic of issue
4,It was a rather boring movie. You're over-reactingI think room 7 is better.
1,I'm telling you, I want you to leave the victim alone, not some kind of emotional prostitution, not some kind of pain, let her go, whatever happens, they're making a movie out of it, and they're asking the victims for justice? Or did you film it on your own?
3,The movie material is fine. But even though I got permission from my family, is it necessary to make a movie of the past? At that time, I heard that the cost of hospital treatment and the money problem with a lot of help don't matter.It will remain a trauma after the child grows up.I can feel family love well, but I can't be moved.
5,Room 7 wasn't fun either The crucible wasn't fun either This wasn't fun either. The acting was good
3,The movie is too simple and has no story. A movie made up of young children who have no message to convey, and people who are just committed to healing their wounds.
1,Recommendation for those who got cursed at. Hot6ㅣ노노 no
1,Just sentimental movies are not fun
3,The story is boring and cliche...Great boast and small roast.You're only promoting Donnie so much!
6,Too bad this is a true story. However, it would have been less awkward not to speak in dialect in the movie. As a dialect speaker, I was distracted throughout the whole time. And the laughter chords that come out of nowhere in sad scenes were not so harmonious.The video was pretty.
3,Well, I felt sorry and heartbroken all along, but tears did not flow and there were many boring parts, so I yawned.
1,It must be a movie with a message, but it's too high, so many people will misunderstand and give you a low score. The overall rating of the movie is 7.5 to 8, but the rating is too high. There are a lot of boring parts of the movie
1,I came out because it was so terrible I feel dizzy, I feel like throwing up, I feel like my whole body is drying up, so it's my first time in a movieㅜㅜ
1,I know it's a movie I can't download, but the rating is too extreme. It seems like a movie with 8 points, but I have no choice but to give you 1 point to adjust the rating.
1,This is how men become animals.a film that only builds distrust and disconnects men and women
1,Seol Kyung-gu's acting was good, but seeing a man who was crazy about a woman and abandoned his own child, I felt uncomfortable because of the feeling of pretense... It was okay when I watched the movie spy, but I was wondering if this kind of movie could not come out... Oh, and Um Jiwon was re-evaluated... Your acting is the best.
1,Why did I see this? It's Eun Ji who's been there for years
6,To be honest, if there was a little bit of a shame, even if there was a little water level, it would have been more touching if the criminal had described what he did to the child like a crucible in the movie when he was kidnapped. The movie has brought him back to the investigation, and he doesn't seem to believe it.The extent to which the family gets over it
1,It wasn't very interesting. It's not touching. It's not 1 point, but the reviews are too high
5,After seeing the false ratings of the part-timers, I regret it. From start to finish, I'm sad and then I'm sad
1,What do you mean by rating part-timers?
1,Seol Kyung-gu is coming out as a father?
1,a movie that is typically rated
1,Sigh... It's not good. I'm really looking forward to it
1,What's the point of this trash when part-timers raise their ratings? They say that 34% of teenagers go to the theater. There are a few people in their 20s and it's hard to find teenagers In conclusion, part-time job
6,I was really looking forward to it, but it is a typical movie that brings out the anger and sympathy of the parents' generation, which eventually criticizes the dark side of Korean society.I hope the court scene is no longer a climax.It would have been better if we focused more on the wishes and family's hopes.
6,I really don't get fooled by the comments part-timers anymore.No matter what movie it is, it's a movie that confirmed that there's a part-time job in the comments
1,It's not a touching movie, it's a painful story. My anger, my anger, my anger, it's not enough, it's just cursing all the time. It's a true story, but I'm only cursing. The actors' acting was great, but I don't want to see or think about it again. I don't like the word family movie. It's just a movie that makes me cry.
1,I can't relate myself to the love affair.
1,It is my first time to go to sleep while watching a movie with expensive money.
6,Suspects cannot sleep with their legs stretched out in a movie that accurately shows the reality of this dog-like era.The judge perpetrator is so angry throughout the movie.Does it make you guilty if you don't remember after drinking?  I feel more frustrated after watching this.I wish I had killed the perpetrator at the end
4,After watching the movie, I felt bad.Forced touching...crying
6,Um Ji-won's dialect acting is awkward and wrong. Overall, the story is boring and boring. It's a true story, so I'll take it into consideration.
1,a forced movie that commercially uses a sexually assaulted girl
1,Honestly, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
1,As a child sexual assault victim, OOO is still passed... Because of this movie... Whenever I see a trailer or an article, I feel like I'm going crazy. The movie may be touching, but the reality is not a happy ending like a Disney movie
1,Boring and forced. Cocomong is the best
1,There is a part that is regrettable because there is a forced emotion and a lack of necessity. However, it was the best scene to see the father communicating with his daughter while wearing doll clothes.  Objective score: ★★★☆☆ 8,2
1,It must be a sad and sad movie That's for sure But for the 13-year-old, the film is likely to make you keep remembering things you don't want to remember So Nayoung gave me a point
1,The whole time I watched the movie, I was so immersed in the thoughts of Nayoung that I was dying.While talking about the pain that Sowon will experience in 9 years and 10 years from now, what about Nayoung?When Nayoung grew up and watched this movie, did she think about how she felt when she made it?A provocative and unpleasant movie.
1,If I were an adult, I would think... Do you want this movie to come out? In our conservative country? He's got fiction on him, but he obviously thinks it's his story. I am worried that it will be a work that adults who are in a hurry to make money will abandon human beings too commercially...
1,I was fooled by this movie's rating, but it's not this much. I think I've solved my part-time job. I'm getting a bad grade. So that there's no one like me, I gave you 1 point to adjust the score
1,I saw it in the preview, but isn't the rating this high? Did I expect too much? 1 point zoom for rating
1,I watched the preview, so I just... I don't think I'll pay you to watch it. But the ratings are so high that it's a bit weird... 1 point zoom for rating
1,Kkangchul will watch it. Kkangchul will watch it
1,Raise it to adjust the part-time rating.
1,Don't be fooled.  It's a relief that you're watching all the free popcorn drinks on the counter. You'd be mad if you paid for it. You'd be better off watching the criminal and being sad or something like that
4,It's a heartbreaking movie, but I'm sad that the story unfolds as if I've seen it somewhere
1,Don't be fooled by part-timers who don't be fooled by the movie part-timers
6,I'm a man... It's just sad.I cried when I saw the presents in room no.7
1,Bubbles on the rating.  It's just... Compared to the 7th room, the level of emotion is low. It's just... it's sad, it'  It's kind of boring...  I think it's easy to get 7 to 8 points.  A movie that only remembers Cocomong. I sniffled for a bit.  Well, it's not that good.  I give you 1 point to adjust the rating.
1,I almost ran out of the movie after a long time.Angry at the thought of being tricked by ratings.I thought I was going to die of discomfort the whole time I watched it.
1,The movie that I was fooled by the ratings...It's not that touching. It's a movie that makes you look at the clock;; I don't think men should watch it.
1,I don't want to change or improve my movie style, I want to make money by making movies like this If Nayoung watches this movie, it will be really niceShe's hurt, but you don't think she'll get hurt when her story comes out in the movie and Nayoung's case comes out again?K
1,What's fun about Solka?I'm forcing you to cry
1,It's not fun. Phew...
6,I'm sorry. I was a little bored
6,You're trying to contain too much content at once, and everyone's angry and sad about Nayoung's case
1,ㅜㅜ You'll see a gangster...
1,Forget it. Does Seol Kyung-gu deserve to play this role?
3,Regardless of the subject matter, the movie is not fun I think it's the result of complacent directing I thought he would be touched if I touched him like this.I'm bored. A lot of people are sleeping.ㅉ
1,Wow, it's such a waste of a star. How can there be such a movie?It's not fun. I don't want to see it again I almost went out because it wasn't fun while I was watching
5,You don't have to be angry here, evaluate the movie itself! I don't want to see a movie like this It's enough to hear about such incidents in the news! It's a movie to show criminals in prison. How helpful would it be for the public to see it! A movie that will be released under stress!
1,It's been a while since I cried a lot at the movie theater. I just threw away a bunch of tissues. It's different for each person, but I don't know if it's funny
3,The part-timers are working really hard.
6,I cried a lot in the beginning and I was very moved, but the ending ruined all the emotions I had.The director seems to want to catch both the need to improve the nation's laws and the need to be moved, but let's catch one properly next time.
2,I looked at the ratings, and I was disappointed and bored.
1,It was so fake that I didn't like watching the movie all the whole time.I regret watching the movie.
1,Personally, I wish only Seol Kyung-gu didn't come out
1,I wanted to see you, but I don't want to see you in room number seven because I'm disgusted
6,I am no longer immersed in Seol Kyung-gu...
1,Is this movie fun? Why is this movie fun? Why is this healing? How can a movie that deals with the Cho Doo-soon incident itself be interesting and healing? When it comes to this horrible movie, it's got to be a big hit or a message, but what is this?
1,It was a part-time job. I trusted and saw it, but I fell for it. I'm going crazy. How can you make a movie like this? You shouldn't have just made a movie like this. What did you intend to make it? Did you make it to make me cry? Failed to squeeze tears.  I failed at being touched. All failed. Just the case of Cho Doo Soon. nothing more than that's all
1,I'm going to cut the score because of the part-timers
1,I can't believe I can make such a big event so ordinary -_-. I can't get the emotional point where I'm moved or where I'm supposed to cry. I try to move my emotions, but every scene is awkward. It's perfect to get minus 5 points for Korean movies
1,Oh, my
5,It's sad, but it's sad. There's no strong punchcrying
1,I think it's my taste... I was watching and came out because I was sleepy
1,I don't want to watch it because I don't like it because of the marriage problem, but I have to trust the story... When the DVD comes out,
6,It's obvious, but I'm moved to tears.
1,It's a waste of 1 point. What if the story is sad? If the victim of the case grows up to watch a movie like this later, who is responsible for the mental sadness? You've already been sentenced, and you can't increase your sentence, so re-examining it will heal your wounds, or you'll only touch your sore wounds
1,I want to go see a good movie because I think it will be a good movie, but I will download it later because the main character is Seol Kyung Gu. That's too bad. If it's this popularity, it could have caused a box office sensation like a gift from room 7, but why is the main character Seol Kyung-gu... What a pity, Lee Joon-ik.
1,I was going to give him 6 points, but maybe it's because I'm a part-timer or because I'm simple, but I got a high rating on a movie that's not that fun ; Please don't be fooled. I should stop watching movies based on my GPA.;
5,I heard it was sad, so I thought I would cry a lot, but it wasn't sad at all.  It's much less sad than the gift in room seven. Only a few specific scenes were sad movies. Just a reminder of the idea that you shouldn't go down the alley.
5,I'm suspicious that my score is 10 points. I said I wouldn't watch it because I was so sad, but I'm sure there's a part-time job
1,It was so sad and complicated that I was more stressed.
1,Making a movie of child molestation? It's a stretch to heal something that shouldn't happen
1,If you can hear the snoring in the middle of the movie...  forcedness
5,It was all good, but the last part of the trial properly poured cold water on it, and the excitement cooled down
1,I slept while watching it. I was bored
1,Hmm... How much is the part-time job?
1,Are you hurting Nayoung again? I don't want to remember, but I am worried that I will get hurt again if I happen to watch this movie. And please refrain from working part-timeI'm confused whose comment is real
1,You've got an Alba-Chun-Ji rating
1,Alba-Chen-Ji's Children's Sexual Assault Is a Movie?
1,What a waste of money! Are these two movies?
5,Compared to the crucible
1,I'll give you 1 point because of Seol Kyung-gu
1,Have you got permission from Nayoung and her family?
1,That's too much of a part-time job.ㅜㅜ That's why..Can you believe it?I've seen almost all the movies that have been released recentlyI hope you can see it as you want.That's the answer
1,My score is -10000 even if I get paid to watch the worst movie ever.I've wasted all my time. I hope you only see rich people with plenty of time
1,I don't want to see the movie starring Seol. You abandoned your son. What paternal love? ㅜㅜ
1,I'm going to tell you a sad story about a childT
3,Snow Gyeong-gu and paternal love don't go together. As most people know... Seol Kyung-gu and paternal love... I don't know if I should laugh or cry. It's the power of directing. Whether it's real or in a movie, Seol Kyung-gu lives as an actor
1,It's a shame that you don't have 0 points. 10 points for movie spies, which cost more time than money, is 1/4, the first review is 1/4, the movie rating is 1 or 10 points is 1/4, and the audience is 1/4, compared to the gift in room 7
1,Not really. It's not...I don't know
6,Except for rapists, only nice people come out and it's too calm. It's a boring movie. It's a movie that's trying to impress rather than fun, but I can't feel the emotion.
1,What's the point of making a movie and making people talk big again after saying that people shouldn't know about it? I can't believe you're using this wound commercially.
6,I couldn't concentrate on my mom and dad's acting from start to finish, and the music was really slowThe situation and the acting of people around me make me cryIt's a movie that made me watch Seol Kyung-gu and Um Ji-won again
1,Come on, part-timers. Think about how you could use other people's pain to make a commercial movie and help heal that pain... Organized part-timers comparing these movies to room seven... I hope you reflect on yourselves!
1,a typical box office junk movie
1,Do you like it? Are you satisfied with making it into a true story?No matter how good the money is, if you think about the victim's family, don't try to make money out of this, but come up with a scenario to help the victim'
1,If the main characters seemed exaggerated compared to the child actors, the role of a friend seemed more immersive.Maybe it's because of the limitation of true stories, but the story composition is very unfortunate. Why is the score so high?
3,I don't know why the rating is high. In a word, it's not fun.
6,It's just worth watching. Emotional stimulation like a gift from Cell No.7?Father and daughter?But I wasn't touched and tears were weak.Room 7 is too fast.
5,They want to see a bright movie~~
1,The part-timers here are so obvious.I can't believe I got 10 points for a movie like this
1,-- Not really. It's MAAMADE
1,I was a little bored, so I looked at the clock a few times. Just a little bit of tears... The intentions were good, but the movie itself wasn't good
4,All the words are so grand that I'm going to look at them and decide on the score
1,It's funny to say this here, but...If you don't use snowscapes, you'll hate to see him even if you want to see himHow funny and ridiculous would my ex-wife be to see such snowballs...
1,It's an obvious story. Um...
4,It's true that Sowon is so pitiful and hateful that Cho Doo-soon can rip it to death, However, I think it will be difficult to give a high score to this movie
1,The movie I watched before the release is very different from the rating I think
4,The typical Korean style. It's boring. I think there are too many part-timers in this movie. Watch it on TV later It's obvious. Don't throw away your pocket money
1,Can you believe the rating?Just watch what you want to see
1,Overrated...!
1,It's not a nine-point movie--
2,The message from the movie is good, but there is nothing good about script and directing The climax of childishness... The actors' performance was good.The movie is really bad.Is Cocomong the main character?
6,I watched it with GFRIEND.I cried and my girlfriend asked me why I was sad.I was so dumbfounded.But it wasn't that sad. Sometimes it's funny and sometimes sad. I don't understand that rating.
5,I think Cocomong saved the moviecrying
1,It's not fun. It's not that sad. Why is it 9 points?
1,I'm disappointed that this material is this much
1,Oh, it's a waste of money. How many times I saw the time on my phone
1,I didn't expect this movie to be so bad
4,It's sad, but it's not a movie that can be remembered deeply. It's too ordinary
5,It's not fun. There's no twist. It's not like I'm going to run away
4,You gave me a low score on the Snowpiercer, but you're dragging me out, so I'm giving you 10 points?The level of culture in our country is like that.If it's sad, it's 100 points.
6,I'm sad, but personally, it's not like room sevenIt's just a very obvious story.
1,I'm getting cursed at. That's too much
1,One of the movies I watched with regret
1,A movie that you can't see twice.
1,What a waste of money! Pay for it! Oh, my. I was fooled by the comments. Why is that--
1,Too high... and I personally don't like Seol Kyung-gu
5,I made the movie well, but I was sad, but I was annoyed, but I don't think it's a perfect score, but I don't really play the role of Mr. Seol Kyung-gu. I just came out with a mask. ^^ Everyone, enjoy watching it
5,The part-timers for the part-timers  If you press the ID, you can know everything~~~ How can you give me a rating for gangster movies and everything? The same ID is 10 points. I'm going to see your wish, too. Not thisThat's why I'm leaving a message
5,Heartbreaking movie? I can relieve stress with tears from the audience's point of view, but it hurts me to think that I will make a movie and live with sadness for the rest of my life
3,Honestly, it's boring...It's not fun either...
1,1 point for Seol Kyung-gu
1,That's childishThis
5,There are a lot of Korean movies based on true stories, but no matter how good the acting is, I think it's a bad past and a movie that reminds me of memories. The movie is sad, but how should I say it? It's kind of uncomfortable ㅠㅠ
1,It's really not fun. Don't be fooled. I was bored to death. It's just a very ordinary drama-like directing skill. Don't look.
1,How many movies does Seol Kyung-gu shoot in a year? I'm tired of it
1,I shouldn't have watched it. It's my first time watching it while I was
1,If Nayoung couldn't make a movie because she sold it, she shouldn't have released it because of her conscience.
1,I solved too many part-time jobs.
1,an uncomfortable and unpleasant movie
1,Director Lee Joon-ik... After the King's Man
1,It's not as good as I expected The material is uncomfortable, too.
1,I just don't like movies like this
6,Although my dialect was very awkward and clumsy. The children's acting is great. It's about a heartbreaking story.It's not fun to say it's not fun...
1,It is an uncomfortable movie in which there is no courtesy for the victims of the actual incident, and the malicious intention to make money by making the audience cry is reflected in the movie.
1,It's really not fun--Wow…the Liberation Day special is more fun
1,Since Seol Kyung-gu is doing it, his sincerity is not good
1,A little obvious movie...
1,I wonder how heartbreaking my family will be if they watch this movie.
1,I don't know where the Korean movies are going... I don't know. I don't want to understand and I don't want to hear the directors' clichés... The Korean movie industry is becoming a landfill. It's not even recyclable.
6,The content was good and it was a good movie
1,I like director Lee Joon-ik, but this movie was honestly just...
5,The less sexual violence there are, the less these movies come out. I hope this kind of movie doesn't come out often.
1,There are a lot of part-timers. You want to tag Nayoung and sell tickets? That's so touching.
2,Film Interest Scared...Live a good life! Be nice
2,It's a tongue twister
1,In the movie, parents make every effort to keep their children from being known because of the hurt they're going to get. Why bring it up now and again?Did you ask for consent from the family and the parties?Who is this movie for?
1,If it's funny and it makes you cry, the Korean audience will give you 10 points.Does this rating make sense?And I'm going to cut down on other movies.Unless it's a true story, they're all childish.
1,Your own family destroys it? A warm movie? Kneel down and beg the guide
5,People who say this is a healing movie can't understand.I've had a lot of heart-pounding pain throughout the whole timeI wonder if it was necessary to make it into a movie, and I just pray that the victim doesn't get sick anymore ㅜㅜ
1,Not really. 10 letters.K
1,The word "moved" is not used in this movie. Touching is a word used when you are happy This is sadness, lingering and anger.
6,My name is Sowon, but I'm so stressed out these days because of Yeohwa.crying
1,Director Lee Joon-ik said he's retiring. Why are you coming out?
1,I just watched a movie and I regret it
1,a movie that brings back bad memories
4,I'm upset after watching the movie.
1,A typical emotional movie came out again.
2,It's a part-time job.  I'll talk to you when I see you. And part-timers! Don't compare it to the gift in room seven. It feels weird
1,You solved your part-time job again. Receipt system value evaluation...Movies...
1,I'm sick of this stuff.
4,From when, Seol Gyeong-gu doesn't come as a good work, but just the number of works.  And I miss that characteristic acting in the past. I hope I can meet you at the theater with a good work of self-respectful.
1,Director is "GOOD", material is "BAD", message is "GOOD", and learning "BAD"
1,The material is uncomfortable. It's a good movie, but I don't like the pain.
1,This is
1,Director is "GOOD", material is "BAD", message is "GOOD", and learning "BAD"
1,The material is uncomfortable. It's a good movie, but I don't like the pain.
1,This is
