월-E
2,
5,an interesting setting An obvious story.
6,I can't really relate to the machine's feelings
1,I slept without realizing it.
6,It's different, but as expected, it's a Disney movie
1,Just a children's masterpiece movie. a rating adjustment
1,A perfect movie to watch on the last day of Jeju Island
1,I hate robots that don't talk to me
4,It's so boring. Why is it so fast?
1,Every time I saw it, I felt uncomfortable with cockroaches
1,I dozed off while watching it, but it's so boring
6,Warm robot. More human than human
5,Elementary school students will like it
1,I know it's suggestive and instructive, but... It was really boring and boring, not like a robot pacing around and creating a special sympathetic story... I paid for it at the movie theater, and I went there comfortably, and I felt uncomfortable. Why do we always try to get something when we do something?
1,Walle, you cancerous, love-deficient bastard
1,Manipulation, but rating adjustment
6,I know it's a good movie, but I just...How should I say this? My heart aches the whole time I watch the movie.I used to watch it when I was young, but when I grew up, I felt heavy watching the movie.
1,I watched it because I heard it was fun I don't really like 7 points, but I adjust the rating
1,I don't know why people say it's fun.
1,Does it make sense that it's higher than Toy Story?
6,It was so cute and the friendship of my friends was cool and I slept well
1,It's just fun, but this is too much
1,a film with a huge rating bubble To be honest, I wasn't funny and I was bored
1,Why is this rated high?One point is a waste
1,It's not as fun as lol
5,If Toy Story was a beacon, Wall E is a milestone
6,No matter what you go through with Disney...
1,Maybe it's because I watched it while playing Hanfen. It's not fun  I enjoyed Zootopia.  Maybe it's because I watched it as a dubbing, but I'll watch it again with subtitles
1,For rating adjustment. Annie is basically an entertainment personality, but she finds Pixar's Nemo, Toy Story, and Inside Out. Inside Out is the best, followed by Toy Story 3. This piece is definitely not this score
1,It's like a movie, but it's not a masterpiece. It'since it's a movie
5,In the past and now, stars... It's not that
1,I should give you 1 point, right? Yes, yes, yes
1,It's not enough for Toy Story. Toy Story is Pixar itself. The perfect trilogy.
1,I've never seen such a boring Annie without telling me...If you see it, you'll regret it 100%
1,I'd say it's the worst movie ever.
1,It's not a one-point movie, but it's not a 9.35-point movie. Lost Key Messages
2,Even elementary students don't watch this.
5,What... I was bored and boring. I know what you're trying to say, but the directing and the story isn't very...
1,Bye bye bye bye bye bye, the end... There aren't many lines...
1,I don't think it suits me. It must have been boring because there were few conversations in the movie.
6,Out of Pixar's animations, it was the worst. There were so many parts that didn't match me
1,Technology is good, but boring and boring
6,I was touched, but I was bored at the beginning.Why is the graphic not so delicate and the rating is so high compared to other animations?
1,a sleeping pill-like film Thanks to you, I slept well
5,I've seen many masterpieces, but I don't think this movie is memorable compared to the rating. Anyway, based on my standards,
4,Image posters of Mirae and abandoned robots are reminiscent of "AI," but in reality, less than 10%.  What's the most interesting thing that looks like the character in "Junghoon's cartoon"?  A few little humor everywhere isn't enough.
4,Personally, I don't remember much.;;
6,It's a bit touching to say that it's good and cold to say that it's perfect.
4,It's fun when I see my wife, but after the second time, I fall asleep
6,The setting was good
1,It's the only movie with a high rating that I don't understand why it's high.
1,For fun, Ratatouille is OO
1,slept
1,It looks heavy, but it's light
1,Pixar can do more, but why do you always go that far? Character. The end.
1,The love of robots... not yet...
1,Eva! Eva! Eva!It's
1,I fell asleep while watching this with my mom.I can't hear your voice.ㅠㅠ;;;;
1,I can't believe I got a higher rating than my avatar.;; It wasn't that much.
4,It was a bit of a forced.
1,It's not fun
1,a dog-eat-dog
1,There are good things, but they fall short of expectations in many ways.
1,What's so funny about this? --;;ㅡㅡ;;
1,It's a movie that makes you sleepy.That's ridiculous. The rating...;;
1,Honestly, I slept while watching it.
1,A good movie, touching doesn't mean it's more than nine. The beginning is so boring. I need to adjust the rating
2,I wasn't having fun.
1,It's fascinating and there are many things to see, but the story is so boring
6,a philosophically significant film
1,Let's not be fooled by the ratings
1,I swear at the person who made this. I don't want to see this.
1,I don't give you a rating, but it's not fun Don't be fooled.a person who has been dealt with
1,I don't think it's a movie with a high rating
5,It was a bit childish but fun
6,It was okay, but it wasn't worth the grade
1, as it is
1,It's kind of... No big deal
1,Oh, well, I'm just a little...
1,What is this...
1,the worst
1,It's just ridiculous that I got more than 9 points
1,I'm so sleepy that I'm getting cursed at
6,a masterpiece that reveals Pixar's limitations
4,What is this?
1,What is this?
1,Is this higher than the national team?
5,Pixarini's rating is very high regardless of the story...
1,I don't recommend it
1,Eva? I enjoyed watching it, but the rating... I think 8 points is enough.
4,I'm bored. When I can't see anything else... An appropriate score of 6.2?
3,I can't feel much attraction except for the visual effects that are like live-action and colorful.
1,I watched it after watching it on NAVER, but it's so boring.T
5,I like animations, but personally...
6,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
4,To be honest, money is a waste
1,be in a rush
6,More fun in the eyes of a child ^^;;
1,I don't like this kind of thing
1,That's not fun.
5,Honestly, it's not fun...
1,I can't watch it because I don't have any lines.
6,It was a bit touching, but why is the robot love scene so cringeworthy?This is a bit...
6,What are you going to do in the first half hour?I think it'll be fun to watch from the middle.
2,It's too childish for a middle school student to see.But it was cute.
1,It's not that funny. Everyone else is laughing, but I don't know why it's not funny.
1,It was really boring. You don't know anything
6,The rating is too high, but it's not as good as I expected. Rather, Archie and OO are better
1,It was a bit boring for me because other people gave me such a good rating.
6,It feels like it's filled up, but it's lacking a lot
1,Is my childhood innocence rotten? It's so boring
6,The material and content were good, but it's a shame that it's childish and poorly organized. It's worth a look
1,Good, good!
1,Good
6,She's so innocent.It's not funny
1,Boredom
1,The worst animation of my life that I don't know what the best is. It is waste of money.
1,There is a lot of foam.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,Extraordinary 3D Animation Extensions After Toy Story
1,gut, exorcism
1,It's not fun, it's boring.Is this the rating of 9.24? I don't to say
1,Dozed off ㅠㅠ Children's Annie
1,There's not much to see except Pixar.It's boring
2,To be honest, it's Wangjiru
1,I don't have jam.the worst
6,Boring, but touching at the end.
6,Gradually improving graphics, but a very boring development.
1,I watched it with GFRIEND, and I can't forget the look of resentment towards me...
1,I don't know what it's about
1,It's not funny.
1,It's not fun at all.
1,It's really boring and boring;;
1,It's for elementary school students.It was boring for adults to see and I slept in the middle of watching
1,It was worth watching, but I can only sigh at the ridiculous rating. Is it the limit of Naver people who are generous with animation?
1,It was fun for people who watched it only for color time, but it was really boring.
1,It's fun! But it's around 8.5 to 9th half.Don't just give me 10 points
1,It's so much fun
1,Yves and Eva. Is it the limit of Disney?
4,I'm tired of it. ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,Oh, I'm touched
4,The storyline is very vulnerable. I watched it comfortably, but it just doesn't seem to have any content.
1,I didn't... I slept...
1,This trash movie
4,I don't have a pure heart.
1,More often than not, I see it like this today. Jinja, I don't know if I've memorized this lol
1,The height of boredom... If you're going to watch it for fun, don't ever watch it! Ugh --
1,Childish story, forced touching... But computer graphics are great
1,not much
1,Are you kidding me?
1,It's a movie with 8 points
5,I dozed off a little bit because I had few lines.Well
1,It's so boring... I'm annoyed. I was completely fooled.
1,That's not good. Only my brother likes it.
1,The rating is really high. It's the most boring movie I've ever seen, but it's not fun to hold back my sleep
5,It's fun, but I want the robot to fix the story.It's not avi. It's... Pruna
6,Amazing combination of imagination and graphics
1,I watch a lot of movies because it's vacation, but to me this is...
1,The story is a bit childish
1,a movie worth watching by children
3,10 points for being cute and creative. [7 points for being childish]
4,He said he was touched, but why do I feel antipathy?Sorry, honey!You just threw me another score!
5,Was it over-expectation of Pixar... or over-expectation of Wall E...
1,The love between robots... is hard to understand for me with a stiff head. The kids like it.
5,This movie left me nothing
1,Please don't look at the real trash. I regret it
4,a story that is not very nutritious and obvious
1,It's about 7 points, but why is it so high?I think it'd be fun to watch it when I was in elementary school
1,I was fooled by NAVER's score. It might have been nice to see you when you were young.
4,CG technology is definitely improving...But it's no use if anything else is in place.
1,Where the hell is the fun? Oh, I can't believe it
1,Honestly, I don't like this movie ;; Nemona Ratatouille is better
1,Um... I'm sorry to those who gave me 10 points, but... I turned it off while watching it. I don't think it suits me.
6,Perfect for expression and visual beauty. Disney only wants the world to be beautiful.
5,Only the eyes were happy... The story is...
6,A fitting encounter between cuteness and childishness.
1,I usually like animations, but this is boring from start to finish...
1,If you look at the score, you'll regret it. It was really boring at the theater.If you like animations,
1,To be honest, it's not fun, but it's a movie for elementary school kids in kindergarten
1,I watched it with my nephews and nieces and nephews.There's a lot of fun... I think it's a movie for kids.
5,Compared to Finding Nemo, it's distracting, in-depth, boring and unsympathetic
1,To be honest, this is fun-?
4,I'm bored. Was my expectation too high?
1,I almost fell asleep
1,Top
6,It was too big to be touched by this. I think it's good for the family.
1,I bought it on the computer, but if it was a movie, I would be so disappointed
2,Was I the only one who didn't have fun?
4,I really don't have much fun.;;
1,It's fun.
2,There are no lines... ...no content... ...only robots.It's really not good for me
1,Is there a zero point for the most sleepy movie?
1,Oh, the moon is for 2 hours! Eva! It's annoying to hear the machine sound
1,The rating is too high, about 8 points
1,Interesting story, very boring development...
5,a movie worth watching
1,What Annie...
1,What else is there besides being cute?
1,Honestly, it's not fun. The rating is too high
1,I'm having so much fun--
1,Tell me, Will or Will, I pass out in frustration halfway through
1,Talk to me. Talk to me
1,I can't be touched without lines
5,Boredom that overwhelms the occasional fun and emotion...-_-
6,Honestly, I didn't feel anything
1,I admit it's a good movie, but it's too high a rating. About 8 points is enough
1,Not to this level of rating - - -;
5,Honestly, I don't know what I'm talking about. It was just whatever
1,It's a good movie, but I personally don't understand such a high rating. Score shaving required
1,It's not fun at all
1,Honestly, it's not this bad.
6,It was pretty fun!
1,It's not Annie
1,It's not fun... I don't even understand a robot alive
1,It's fun, but honestly, it's not like I'm in second place overall.
1,I don't think it's second overall
1,It was good that there weren't many subtitles. Isn't the rating too high?
6,New hope... It's an animation that's warm and has a good story.
1,a movie not worth watching
1,This is also a movie...? Oh, I feel so bad for you
1,I think this is a movie, too. What a waste of money. Pathetic
1,Is this kind of movie number one on NAVER? Are you kidding? Godfather is not in the list.
1,Even if I make it, it'll be lower than this
1,That's not fun.
1,It's not as bad as Shawshank, honestly.
5,It's like Janggang 7.--;;;ㅡㅡ;;;
6,For me, 3 points... I guess my expectations were too high... It almost ended...
1,There's not much to it. People don't know how to watch movies
6,Let's save the earth. A simple theme. It was fun. Ddaeng
6,It's okay, but in the beginning, it's so boring... Yves! Since this line comes out for 40 minutes, I almost fell asleep in the beginning.Later, it will be fun
6,I like Annie, but I don't think she's very...
3,I am generous
1,It's really not a movie without unnecessities, but it's a movie with unnecessities. The concept doesn't match.
6,CG is good, but why did it have to be romance? It's not funny.
1,It wasn't fun because there was it wasn't fun
1,It was fun, but I need to lower the rating
1,It's fun. ^^ 10 points. Go, go!
1,Forced, message evaporation, Disney happy ending, Pixar disappointed.
1,I was so sleepy that I suffered a lot of trouble. You need to watch movies with 3D technology
4,I trusted the ratings and got hit on the back of my head.Never watch anything more than a movie that elementary school kids will like
1,Childish.
1,I really didn't enjoy it
1,I personally don't like it
4,At the end, disappointment... "Planting pizza." What is it?
1,The people who gave me 10 points seem to have low standards... It's not 10 points!!!!!!!!!
2,I think it's the end of the world? But come back, what, touching?
1,Ah... Why did I watch it?ㅜㅜ
1,a movie that ran out of the box
1,It is hard to admit that this movie is the highest rating for the whole movie.Just a movie worth watching
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,I don't understand why the weird thing is that the childish ones get more than 9 points~~
1,I thought I was going to die
4,The video is very good.The story isn't very good.The process of returning to Earth after being bored went too fast;
1,Disney... It's finally back to normal
1,Anime, SF, Family, Comedy, Melo/Love/Romance - This movie Jjamppong
1,It's not good, but it's a masterpiece that I can't tell you
1,Well, the ratings are too high. I think the eight point range is appropriate.
1,That was the best movie ever
1,It's good, but the score is too high. Actually, I want to give you 8 points
1,In fact, it is a movie with a rating of 7 to 8 points, but it is strangely high.
1,I am generous.
6,WOL, WOL, Yves, Yves. This is all that's left.LOL
6,Cute but boring...
4,Well, I don't discriminate.
1,The story was too obvious.It's kind of boring.
6,I don't think it's that touching, but the quality of the work is excellent
1,It was boring
1,Fun.
1,It's so childish ;-; Oh really only elementary school kids have seen it ;-;-ㅅ-
6,I made it well, but "Robot's Love" is a bit... Maybe it's because I lost my childhood innocence
2,Emotional, boring, in a nutshell
1,You're so funny!
5,It's a good story, but it was boring.
6,The only American animation that I could understand without subtitles -_- is not fun
1,It's too rough. For low-quality Koreans, if it's quiet, it's definitely a scar movie
1,an emotionless person
1,I saw this with my friend. I got cursed at
1,If you're going to show her the theater, watch it.
1,It's no fun. It's boring
1,It's not fun. Dark Night is fun, too
1,Seriously boring.
1,Worst movie I've ever seen...The animation doesn't have any lines! Don't be fooled
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,I was tricked.That's so childish.Are all the funny people young and young?
5,The character is good, but it is regrettable that the main character feels like a captain as he goes into the second half.
3,It's not content, it's like it's made up, in a word... ridiculous
1,I enjoyed watching it, but the rating is so good compared to the work that I am dropping it. Actually, eight
5,It's not fun...
1,childishness
1,I give you zero because... Dark Knight
1,As expected, animation is not my cup of tea
1,Why wasn't it fun for me?
1,Everyone was sleeping and only they liked it. And the rating is too high
6,I think the rating is too much.It's just something to watch
1,Honestly, the rating is too much
6,I dozed off, but my brother cried because he was sad at the end
1,It's a pity that our country thinks this is fun
1,a superlative film of boredom
1,The story is kind of like that
1,Ideas are the best.But if you can't stand Disney's one-track story that gives you unique dreams and hopes...
1,a rotten movie
1,Transformation robot is worth watching^^
1,It's so much fun It's been a while since I saw a good movie
6,It's not childish for adults, but it's not a movie with a 9 point rating 6 or 7?
1,I don't want to waste my mole
1,That's childish
1,I'm so sleepy
6,I watched it today, but I don't remember
5,It's fun but childish
1,Boring all the time watching movies for young children.
1,10 points in your imagination, but in the story, it's boring
6,I saw it clearly because the story was so right with what I expected
4,It was just... it was worth watching... but it was a little boring ㅠㅠㅠ돈It's a waste of money...
5,I miss Nemo and Ratatouille.
5,Poor composition, that's where it comes from the back
1,It's not that...
5,I got in trouble because I was boredI can't come out.It was such a waste of time and money.crying
6,The end was too short for a movie that took years to produce.
6,I can't understand this ratingIt's not that bad. It's boring if it's not fun
1,Thrack
1,I can't believe I paid for this.
1,It's totally for kids.
1,Give me 1 point to lower the score. To be honest, it's obvious, it's far-fetched.
2,A robot like a scrap robot and an egg ghost Untouchable
1,a boring movie to watch
1,Break down a mute, speechless robot you can't speak
6,Disney cartoons for kids...Just Pixar made it...
1,For the kids...
6,That's not funny.  Only the character is cute... I held it in and watched it. I think it's for children
1,It's 9 points.I thought it was fun, but I was completely fooled.Don't ever look at me
4,Age is under 13...It has a little childish taste.But the saddest thing is that Walle and Eve are voice actors.;;
5,It's fun out of all the animations.
1,I've never seen a movie where I felt that the rating was fraudulent. And why are there useless cartoons?
1,If you slept in the theater, the chair is comfortable
5,I dozed off because I was bored in the middle. It's not that it's not boring, but the rating is too high!
4,I didn't see it all ㅠㅠ I just woke up ㅠㅠ
2,It's a movie that's funny and has a message.Honestly, I was bored and sleepy.
3,It's not fun
1,be dull and childish
1,The movie I don't understand the most. I watched it while dozing off
1,It's fresh, but... No lines, no boredom itself...
1,It's an obvious story and childish.It's not fun.
1,It's so boring Whoo! Whoo!
2,Why is a movie that's not fun to watch when you're an elementary school nerd? I'm annoyed by my part-time job
1,Throw it away
1,It's boring
3,What's this movie? This is ridiculous.
6,It's just a normal story. ;;;
1,Robots are robots. People are just people.The absurdity of trying to portray robots as too human
1,It's so much fun!
1,Because it's not fun
1,Finding Nemo and Ratatouille. It's very similar to an animation. ㅠㅠ
1,My mom and I doze off, and my sister likes it
1,Humanization of insincere robots.
1,Do you think this movie is comparable to the Dark Knight?
5,Honestly, I'm bored
1,Why aren't there zero stars?
1,It's a movie like elementary school student.
1,Is this a movie?
2,I got a high rating, so I seduced the kids and took them. I'm sorry. I thought I was going to die.
1,XiaoWi, I love you
1,I thought it would be fun like Kung Fu Panda... to be honest, 1 point is a waste ㅠㅠ boring...
1,I don't need words!
6,Honestly, I was fooled by the score
1,I think it's way less than Ratatouille
1,I think it's about 8 points. Why is the score so high? I'm worse than Ratatouille
1,It's not that...
1,I heard you're going to jump over Ratatouille. Ratatouille is only 1 minute... I'm sleepy... I'm not that touched...
1,I wanted to go home
1,I was bored so I came out in the middle...
1,If Toy Story 3 came out,
6,a series of disappointments
4,I looked at the ratings, but it wasn't fun. A rating of 7.5 would be good
1,the height of boredom
1,I shouldn't have seen it
1,Not good.
1,No matter how funny Annie is...It doesn't make sense to have a higher score than the Dark Knight, so I...
1,I think you're really considerate of money
1,It's touching. But is it about 30 minutes in the beginning? I really fell asleep...Phew = 3
1,This movie makes me log in a film with a perfect rating
1,It's really nice and touching ㅠㅠ But it can't be higher than Dark Night ㅠㅠ
1,This movie isn't that great...It's not a movie that will get more stars than "The Dark Knight".
1,It's a little...
1,That's not good...
1,The rating went up too high.As someone who's disappointed with the score...Let's not manipulate the ratings...
5,It was so boring because there was no conversation.
1,Just.
1,A little bit of emotion and boredom...
6,Not a lot for adults to see; I trusted the ratings...I feel like I've been tricked? Anyway, the graphics are killing me
1,Excellent graphics only. Just look at the children.
1,1 point because it's just a solo ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ ㅠㅠㅠ The content is 10 points ㅠㅠㅠㅠ. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,I was fooled by the ratings. It's a movie for kids, but it's not that informative
1,I was fooled by the perfect score.Just wanted a touch.What's this? It's a kid's movie!
1,Don't look over 15 years old. The more I think about it, the more depressing it is
5,It's my fault that I was looking forward to the family animation... The running time was short, so I let it slide.
1,I was so bored that I went out while watching it. It's so boring
2,That's amazing. I can't believe the score. Bored... for children.
5,This isn't it...
3,Honestly, I didn't expect it. It was so boring. I dozed off next to my boyfriend. It's just a baby movie.
5,It's definitely heartwarming to think about it, but it's also simple.
1,It's so boring
6,For children...
1,It's hard for kids to see and boring for adults.
1,Ah, that's interesting.
5,It was very boring at first. That's a lesson. You know that, don't you? Let's not throw away the trash.
1,What a waste of money
6,Is it a story about finding Nemo and other Pixar's reputation?
1,I'm bored to the point where I can't speak. The one who says it's funny is a baby
1,Very boring. Is the director sleeping? I'm going to make it work. I don't watch movies like this again.
1,I saw the digital subtitles on Yongsan CGV and it was not very impressive. I shouldn't have seen it.
4,I think it's meaningful, but it wasn't that fun
1,I didn't like it.
6,Anime without lines is so boring. The desolate earth is so shocking.
6,Wall-E. It's a cute movie, but... There's no lines. The first line is...I didn't expect that
6,I was disappointed with Pixar for the first time.
6,I didn't think it was funny
6,I looked forward to it because the rating was good, but it wasn't good!At first, there was no line, but it was boring and the content was low;
1,What do you mean funny? I don't think it's funny.
1,They just saw it. What's that? Jam? Money is a waste
1,I was sleepy. These high marks are Dodecce Moira &gt. &lt;
1,Bored... Honestly...
6,Romance of an unspeakable robot?
5,I was looking forward to Ratatouille.
1,Robot... you talk... talk... talk...The movie was so heartwarming that I fell asleep...
3,There was a boring side to it.
6,I enjoyed watching "Ratatouille" but it wasn't fun because I was looking forward to itT
2,Everyone came out and said they were sleepy.Only children are excited.
1,That's not funny
5,I'm not sure yet.
2,It's not that...
6,Kim Hye-ri, an expert at the bottom, just hates profound movies and seems to be looking for something light
6,This is just right. I'm not impressed. I'm not funny
3,The yanks are trying to make money thinly. It's an animated movie.I don't know what's funny.--ㅡㅡ
4,To be honest, Pixar was really looking forward to it... but I would remember it as the most disappointing Pixar piece
6,It's worth watching, but it's boring;;
1,I couldn't watch the movie properly because I was dozing off.
1,I shouldn't have watched it because there were only kindergartens
1,It's boring and boring. What other lyrics are there besides "Wall e" and "Yves"?
5,I'm a little bored ㅠ_ㅠ
3,Not really...
1,It's really boring, has few lines, and it's the worst
2,It was really boring...
3,It doesn't suit my taste. Overall, it's boring and there's not much laughter in the theater
1,Childish and uninteresting.............
4,Adults, don't watch it
1,It's not very...
5,Honestly, I don't like it.
1,I'll cut it short. I fell asleep while watching.
6,Kung Fu Panda is much better
6,I expected a funny AnnieBut why do I feel like I came out after watching the public service advertisement?Dark Night Ball girl
1,I shouldn't have seen it
6,I feel like it's not enough. It's good for the kids.
1,That's very annoying.
6,Well, the content is not very funny, and the future life is fine.
1,The rating is ridiculous Pixar, I'm so disappointed
1,I don't even want to give it a point. The worst movie in my life, the movie that will be in the best 3...-_-;;
6,Honestly, I was looking forward to Pixar's movie, but it wasn't as good as I expected. Something is lacking...
1,I should've seen Batman. A movie that shows the limits of animation, not live-action
1,-_-; No words needed. Is this a movie?
1,That's childish... Really...A subjective opinion.
5,This is fun? I'm so sleepy, but...
4,Ah... boring... ratatouille or kung fu panda is much more...
1,Don't watch this, watch Korean movies. It's not fun. It's a waste of money. It's illegal downloading
6,WALL-E: I want to sprain my neckLOL
1,Why did the Stars and Stripes come out?
1,If it was really not good -_- Sniff sniff
6,Pixar... It's flat for a flat... But if you watch it with your girlfriend or lover, it's the best masterpiece...
1,I don't like this
5,A movie that is not allowed to watch over 7 years old, not a movie that was just a boring movie
1,It was an ordinary movie.What?
1,All the people who posted here are lying. Pixar is doomed. If you look at this, you're a fool
2,Not really -___
1,I was tricked by the score. I hope only those who are going to sleep for 8,000 won will watch.
1,It's really boring... Eevee!
6,It's just a movie for kids to watch
4,The video is beautiful and the robot is cool. But it's not fun. Genie 5 is better
1,I slept the whole time I watched the movie ㅠ_ㅠ I can't believe the rating...
1,To be honest, it's better not to watch... ...no stories, no fun
1,I don't have any lines in the beginning. It's kind of like writing
1,I'm not interested in animations.Laughingering) Laughingering)
3,It's just loud and silent. I was bored to death for the first 30 minutes and the sound was so loud that I was annoyed
1,I thought I was going to die of sleep.ㅜㅜ Totally disappointed. Money was such a waste
1,I've never thrown away my money like this before. What sf?
2,I didn't want to waste half the stars, I raised the score because it was the first time login, and I thought it would end, but I was bored until the end
1,Honestly, it's childish
1,Well, I don't believe in Netizen ratings anymore.
4,Honestly, there are a lot of part-timers.7 points would be perfect. Graphic animation is good, but it's a bit obvious and plain
4,The introduction is too long. Phew... Boring.
1,Are you kidding me? What kind of movie is this with a rating of 9.5? Dark Knight is hundreds of millions of times more fun.
1,I can't believe this movie has a good rating. Mummy 3 is...What is this?
1,It's not funny --;;
3,It's boring. For elementary school students
6,I just saw it like that. One video is really awesome.
1,Children's cartoon goods!
1,not much
1,Animated films... are not realistic, I don't like this sort of movie, so it's appropriate for people under 15
6,A family movie that's easy to watch with children
6,Well, it's worth a look, but...Even if the story is solid, I think it's 2% lacking
6,It wasn't fun, but it was worth downloading
1,This isn't even a movie. Don't watch this movie Please, just look at the mummy Please, please
1,What do you mean, this is a trash movie again? A robot that cleans up trash meets plants and gets hope. Is that it?
1,an unspeakable film
1,It was boring from the beginning without any lines I really don't like it
6,I was a little moved, but I was disappointed because it was just a movie made of Papillon
1,It's not that...
1,below expectations
1,It's totally invincible
1,Johnnie 5 Destruction Operation Slaughter
1,Don't waste your money on a depressing, dull movie
1,To be honest, there's no conversation. This is a movie that's totally ruined by Mon Movie
1,It's fun
1,I made it well, but this is not it. The rating is too high...
1,It's well made and fun, but the rating is excessive.
1,It wasn't as good as I expected
1,I don't think it's right, but the rating is too high
1,It's unrivaled
1,Animated films... The children will love it. It's very high. Is it the power of elementary school students?
6,Kind of elementary school? A little touching fun, I don't know... -_-?
6,Look until you're 15 years old...
