소년시절의 너
2,Boring Jjangkae movie...Are you worried about me?
1,A heroine who is like a sweet potato with a cliche story
1,A movie full of viruses;
2,The ambassador is very childish. Other than the main actor, the lines of other actors.... It's just obvious. Not good at directing.
1,Jjanggae Jjanggae Jjanggae Jjangga (Jjanggae Jjanggae Jjangga
6,The background is beautiful and the story is suitable for tears. However, the absurd probability of the inevitable characteristics of Chinese films.
6,In the beginning, the story was very disconnected, but in the second half, it became less and more immersive and empathized. Not only did it remind me of the seriousness of school violence, but it also added romance, so I was moved
1,Who watches Jjanggola movie? Only Korean and Jjanggola will watch it. Look at all the Korean Jjanggola going out and scoring it
1,The main actors and actresses are the ones who are criticizing Uighur labor
2,
1,I watched it because I'm a fan of actor Joo Dong Woo, but it's so boring
1,
6,If the lines were too cheesy...The acting as the heroine was good
1,Jjangkae Pneumonia Species Video Chops
1,Tell the Korean people to watch the Wuhan Corona movie.
1,Why are you watching a movie because there's nothing to watch?Did you apologize for COVID-19?
1,Considering the Chinese obsession with hope ending and the compulsive state violence that China does, there is no contradiction like this contradiction
1,It was worth watching, but the ending was definitely China
1,You're working hard to raise the rating of Korean-Chinese Jjangkae
1,Plagiarism trash. It's just a movie that ended up in the air
1,a film celebrated in the Global Times
1,I dozed off while watching. Thank you for a good night's sleep
1,It's too neo-Confident
1,The ones who gave me 10 points get paid or are they Chinese? It's really so boring that I just sleep ;-;
1,Overall, it's not good^_^
2,Jjangkae movie OOO haha
1,I think all the people here are Chinese.Why does it sound like I'm reading a script?
1,The Chinese Dream Should Go Away
1,Jjanggae out! What kind of movie do you not even know?
2,It's not fun. It's not funny
1,Why are there so many Korean-Chinese part-timers?
1,Disband the Hanhanryeong. It's a nuisance to China
1,I'm skipping Chinese movies
5,Oh, I'll tie you up. It ends with a public advertisement
6,It's not my style, but my favorite message
1,Oh, it smells like black bean paste. It's a bit
6,더 나은 날들
2,Tsk, tsk, equality between men and women. This old-fashioned story
1,She's the best actressMaybe because the movie is dark, the rating is too high, so I give you 1 point, but your acting is good enough to give you 10 points
2,Jjang-gae doesn'tellings!The moment I hear Jjanggae, I get annoyed and can't concentrate
4,
6,At the end, it was like a public service ad.
1,a country of coronavirus manufacture Don't be sentimental. corona china
1,I'm good at zooming in 1 point, but I can't relate to the content because I'm searching for the director's new movie and I think the score is too high
5,We're still young. That's possible
1,It's too loud and I don't want to hear Chinese.I've never liked it before, but I hate it after COVID-19...
2,There are a lot of Chinese people in the country, so there is a reaction even when Chinese movies come in
1,A movie full of jjangkae reminds me of a disaster
1,In the end, it is nothing more than a work adapted into a Chinese background after copying and weaving Higashino Keigo's novels. It is even more disappointing because there is an interesting beginning. I even feel betrayed. The screenplay of this movie is complete plagiarism.
5,The movie about school violence, the pure image of Yeoju is beautiful, but there are more uncomfortable and difficult scenes to watch The movie seems to be a bit of a drag on the inside and running time. Anyway, it's a movie that points out the school violence problem
4,Why did Pyeongsik give me 6 points when it's Zola Shin Pa Young Hwan? I've only seen it until the end. Hong Kong Film and School Bullying in the '90s
6,Those who write "life movie" are really part-time jobs? If it weren't for the detective, Yeoju would have thought of that even when she grew up, there was a way to avoid it even if she committed a crime. All she had to do was lie. I only thought it was OO like 같은 in the second half. Of course, he's a victim of school violence, but no reason can be justified in taking other people's lives. China could even have a real rape and murder charge, and it's really like trying to ignore it until the end. Without a detective, it's really Namjoo's death penalty. Although I watch the movie, I think it would have been more beautiful for Yeoju to confess directly without criminal pressure.
1,First of all, it is not recommended for people with bad back or hemorrhoids. I watched it with my girlfriend, and it's really ridiculousI was angry when I left. In the beginning of the movie, when we caught meaningless malatang with an angle, our hearts were boiling as we watched the boiling malatang. I just spent my time with a meaningless script. And in the last part, the orthopedist said he had been sentenced to death by a man and said it was a lie, and I was so speechless with my girlfriend that I was going to call the director and curse him. Are you a friend of Director Oh Moonhee?
4,I thought it was so popular, but it wasn't it?Hah!
5,Spraying Jungppong on a finished movie
1,Jjajangmyeon is pooing... A low-quality movie that you'll love
4,an impressive performance
2,Joo Dong-woo's acting drags the movie out. The scripts and directions that are supposed to be barely made are so simple. Joo Dong Woo's acting is only one star.
2,It's a very common jigsaw-style Shinpa thriller
1,I don't like it
4,I've been fooled by the ratings. Too many jjamppongs. No probability. Why did you enjoy everything? It's a good production. But it's too much because it's China. It's too much. It's not a real rape attempt. Tell the suspect the same thing
1,Are all the comments part-timers? The emotional lines are so childish and I don't know what the movie is for school bullies. Do you want me to do it like Jae-neh?
2,Don't ever look at it ㅜ 돈 It's a waste of money ㅜㅜ점 Totally rated ㅜㅜ 사기 Cheating ㅠㅠㅠ The emotional lines are so childish ㅠㅠ Don't pay for them in the movies
6,After watching the movie, I was like, "So what?"
6,The female detective is right, although he plays the villain in the story. I don't think you'd be stuck in the lethargic, pessimistic thoughts of remaining a victim, but if you'd made good use of your elders, you wouldn't have had this tragedy
6,Did you rent the students who watched Nowon The Forest Art Cinema with you? Why are you talking? I couldn't concentrate
2,Are all the comments part-timers? No fun at all over
6,It's a common story about school violence, but it's a movie with good visual beauty.
6,The ending is empty...
5,No wonder it's too bad. Only Joo Dong-woo's acting skills are memorable.
4,I've been trying to tell you too many stories, and it's gonna end. It seems like it's going to end... It's not ending, but Joo Dong Woo is dragging it with tears. I wish I had taken a little out of it out.
5,I don't recommend those who will see us in the future. The story of social issues is of great importance. Bored. He's really good at acting.
6,It's too much.
5,If you thought of a Taiwanese-style high-teen romance movie, I recommend it. Except for that, there are many people who cried a lot, but they didn't sympathize because they were too emotional. a film about school violence And the angle and production are also complicated.
6,Chinese movies have their own sensibility
4,It's too high, so I purposely gave it low. a seven-point movie It was a romance movie. It's just a true story, but maybe it's because it's a true story.
2,If it's not fun, don't watch it ㅠㅠ It's a waste of time. It's just a baby about school violence. It's a good
1,The rating part-timers are so bad...There were so many Jjangkae in Korea.In China, where there is no freedom of expression, how can you deal with school violence? All the caterpillars who will be crushed by Xi Jinping's words.Don't you guys do a movie. Disgusting.
1,Even so, COVID-19 countries...
6,Well, it would have been different if I saw you as a teenager. They're good at acting. You did a good job with your character. But it's like a sloppy cliche made with good ingredients.
2,Skip the jjanggae. If it's a person...
6,The story is corny. The acting and music are great. The screen has a good texture. I can't get rid of the feeling that the final finish is the director's over-enthusiasticity
1,I feel like I went to see a school violence prevention campaign.
6,But the only way to remain a good 'movie' was to finish the movie in the scene when talking in the transport vehicle. China's unique crudeness and last-minute male narration is not a UNICEF commercial. A sample that illustrates how over-explaining can ruin a work. The actors' acting was good.
6,the role of adults
2,I'm waiting for the movie to end. It was hard to hold back my laughter when I saw the public service commercial in the last credits
1,I guess I will go to the Chinese movie theater again.The acting was good, but the probability/story...hopeless
6,July and Anseng, if you look forward to us, it was boring throughout the running time. I have been studying in China for a long time, so I found it interesting to watch it, but I was disappointed that it was mainly school. I trust Dong Woo's actingBut it's a shame I can't explain what it is
6,It was surprisingly good. I thought it was a simple story about saving and loving a child who was being abused, but it was more interesting. It was very immersive.
5,An angry Chinese movie; a love story of a criminal
2,It is shocking that this movie's horoscope is this high. There's nothing to see except the heroine's acting and background music. I can't understand how she opened her heart to Namjoo. I don't like the ending of making the victim the perpetrator. Apart from the violence of school violence, the violent scenes that are revealed countless times, lines that cannot be imbibed, and absurd storytelling; even considering the cultural differences of the country, isn't this crazy?
1,The worst movie in my life, I had a headache from the first 20 minutes of the movie to the end. The movie shows a message of comfort to those who suffered school violence, and if someone who has been bullied or sexually assaulted actually sees it, it will be more difficult because it only triggers, let alone consolation. And I don't really understand what the message is that I want to say. And it is a little uncomfortable because the material of school violence is common, and the content is predicted to some extent, and it is not the expected cider ending. It was a serious and heavy content from the beginning to the end, so I was tired all the time. I expected it because it had a high rating and a good reputation, but it was so bad.And it was hard to immerse myself in the sudden deep bond between male and female characters. If you looked forward to a sweet romance, you would be disappointed. A movie that I don't want to watch even if they let me watch it for free.
6,I think I underestimated Chinese movies. Throughout the composition, usually Korean movies will lead to a new drama.I was surprised by the unexpected way of developing the story even though I thought about it.Was it that most of the new drama Korean films were simple?It's a movie that contains emotions beyond obvious Korean movies, but I don't think I can watch it twice because it's uncomfortable because there are depressing parts in the play.
1,It's just boring.  It's obvious. I saw him a few months ago. Is it playing now? Directed by: Normal acting: I don't know because it's Chinese. Image beauty: None
6,It was amazing to be able to talk about teenage love like this.Short-haired Joo Dong-woo's face without makeup and tearful looks will remain in my memory for a long time.
1,I just saw it and came out. Do you work here?I was looking forward to it because it has the best reviews among the recent movies.I thought I would have seen half of Kang Dong-won's face throughout the entire time. I understand the message of the movie with a cheesy story and a Chinese sensibility without probability, but the content was obvious and cheesy, so I thought it would be a waste of money, so I had a hard time holding it in with the end.
6,Joo Dong-woo's emotional acting was good. I'm angry to see children bullying me for no reason.
2,Other than acting, I really don't know the movie... The movie that I didn't know from beginning to end.Maybe I don't understand Chinese sensibilities.It's a horror production, but I was flustered because it was a romance movie, and the latter part was a lot of unnecessary production, which prevented me from getting into characterAnd there are so many points and emphasis pointsIt was a chaotic and distracting development because I had all the implications.My friend who watched it with me said it was boring.
6,A Chinese movie that introduced the unique sensibility of Taiwanese films. Unexpectedly, the acting ability was excellent. However, the story is too improbable and suddenly falls in love with each other. China and Taiwan should quickly get out of this kind of B-class emotional movie. This kind of movie was perfect until 'My Girl's Generation'.
2,I lost money and nothing to see but smoke. I almost came out sicker than him.
6,Am I too old to agree and feel this love? There are so many full shots of my face that I feel tired... The story isn't that great either. It's so forced that I'm sleepy and I can't concentrate. Everyone says it's good, but it's not my cup of tea.
6,Well, there's no visual beauty at all It's a dark movie, and I really want to hit the bullies. It's not a fun movie to watch. What was interesting about the movie was that I was able to see Chinese test takers I thought it was only Korea, but China seems to be worse;; And the school uniform is so weird.
1,Go away, roaches
2,China's Unique Educational Film
1,From start to finish, clichés are full of clichés, Japanese animation copies, excessive music, continuous new wave and enlightening ending... It's only worth watching the actress act!I was completely fooled by Kim Seyoon!
6,The actors' acting was good for a Chinese actor, but the story is Shinpa.Personally, it's better not to watch Chinese movies than to buy time.
1,All we have to do is collect the nuclear bombs and spray them on Jjangkaeguk.
5,I don't understand the two main characters' acting was good. Among the contents I've seen before, it's hard to recommend unless you like it
4,It's kind of boring ㅠㅠ..
4,I'm falling for another tear-jerking real-life enlightenment movie, tricked by expert ratings, experts, let's raise our eyes
1,I won't be fooled anymore. Give me an honest rating. Now I just skip Korean movies.
6,Is it just me who doesn't like it? I liked it in the beginning, but I didn't like the latter half and the ending. Is this a promotional material made by the Chinese government?
6,If I hadn't added a new wave,
6,The brutality of school violence, the fierce competition of college entrance exams, and the true love story that blooms in it
4,Actor acting was the best, but I don't think it suits me If you look forward to sweet romance, you'll be in big trouble.It's a very heavy and serious story I watched it for 20 minutes and came out.:^^
1,It's not that fun. Money waste
5,I think the movie was trying to catch too much. The first caption in the movie said that I wanted to eradicate school violence. .  The themes that develop are melodrama, crime, and excessive competition for entrance exams.And so on... Of course, there is also a content about school violence. The message and the content of the movie are so many things on the screen that it feels like it's not in harmony. The word "too much" came to mind. Each story was well delivered by dramatic production and actors' performances, but... After watching the movie, the moment the ending credit comes out... There wasn't much left in my head except for a few provocative scenes.
1,a Chinese-style movie
5,The process of helping is a little unlikely. The running time is too long
2,The actors' performances are good enough to show the reality of the Chinese movie
1,Don't watch "No Fun" a waste of money
1,A confusing movie about what to focus on. I tried to pack too much.
2,Don't look at it ㅠㅠ
1,I'm afraid of infiltration.
2,Is this really a good movie?
1,It's a trash movie.   shivering
5,Let's say bullying is good. But it's boring if you just watch movies. Edit the useless scene for half an hour
6,Joo Dong-woo's face, which shows off even if he is stained and tanned, is the key point of the movie.
1,Detective Conan." For whatever reason, I don't even want to know how the killer feels.
6,It was a big hit in China, so I looked forward to it, but I guess I was too excited. Video beauty and scene production were one of the best, but it was a little disappointing that the relationship between characters was less likely. For your information, the actors' acting skills were amazing!
