페이트 스테이 나이트 헤븐즈필 제3장 스프링 송
5,It's the best painting ever, but when you're fighting with dogs at the end, you'really... And it's been hundreds and thousands of years, but you've got people around you and you're just letting it slide. Kiray's logic was refreshing because it showed what happens when a crazy person has brains and common sense. It's very unlikely that you suddenly appear at the end. I understand why only UBW was filmed. The content itself is closest to the source of the Holy Grail, but it is least likely. The film and directing are really good. If you want to see the beauty of the video, just watch it
6,The first part was messy and messed up, but the second part was pretty good, so I expected it, but the end of the story was too long in the third part, so it was not good. I think the first part should have been supplemented more, and on the contrary, the third part should have been taken out more and proceeded quickly. It's too long.
5,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's not as touching as the 1st and 2nd scenes of Heaven's Feelings.
3,I still don't know what I saw
2,First of all, I don't know if it's because it's Annie, but it's a series of hateful things. It's Annie's limitation,
1,I was wondering if there would be an animation movie version that is more than infinite train, but here it is. Three of them are the best. Unfortunately, I crumpled up the long content in a short time, which is the limitation of almost all animations. Can regular Annie fans understand this? There was a scene that I wanted to do, but since the directing and the plot is so good, everyone watches it in a fun way... It's not because I didn't make it well. Anyway, ufotable is the best
4,I didn't understand this Heaven's Phil.  I like this cartoon, but I don't understand the whole world view, and maybe that's why the action of the movie was good and fun, but I don't understand whether Shiro lived or saw something wrong.  I understood up to chapter 2 to some extent, but chapter 3 is a really unfriendly movie to people who just like it.
6,
6,Personally, I was a bit disappointed
1,I don't know why there is a class setting if the humans who say "Fate is fun" have the best sense of security and archery and are close to each other and are equivalent to spearmen and swordsmen.  Legolas the Lord of the Rings is black and aragon is black and neck and neck
5,It wasn't as good as I expected
1,
1,From the entrance of the hate theater, you come in with a unique smell and atmosphere. Phew. Please live in reality Stop hitting the nail in your parents'
1,I often go to the movies because the sound of Megabox is good, but when I went to see a cave today, I heard 10 baduks talking in strange language, so I went in 10 minutes early
6,The directing and the visual beauty are amazing, but I'm not impressed because it's like a crazy drama. I cried when I was a ghost
1,I'm going to make otaku clouds in the movie theater
1,I almost threw up the whole time.It's not fun at all right
1,If I go to see this, can I see the dance moves of the light sticks?
1,It's not fun. They're giving us 10 points
1,It's a cheeky footie that you can chew on
3,Even if you want to think of it as a lack of production costs due to COVID-19, your head is shaking when you look at the profits of the type moon and the Yuputable.The editing method is unnatural to the point of doubt that it's the same production company. The production itself seems to have worked hard, but it's about 1,000 subscribers to YouTube. Compared to the 1st and 2nd episodes of "Beautiful Days," which I was bragging about... I think I should've done it like this.And it's my first time watching an animation in a theater, but I understand why they asked me to wash my ratings. I think it's really wrong to disparage my appearance, but please wash it.It's the first time I've cried in vain while riding the elevator.When I entered the movie theater and came in one by one, I started to smell really disgusting, but I was in trouble every time I took off my mask for a while to drink coffee.If you're going to smell like that, just stick it in the corner of your room as usual. It's really disgusting
2,You're a bad guy
1,Cumulative audience of 40,000? All seven pieces of rice cake. Normal people don't watch it. How do you watch Annie at 1x speed? Not preschooler. I will watch it when VOD is released
1,Oh my... Look at the score...Everything was trash except for the painting.Especially, I couldn't stand the lines like 8th grade syndrome. It's my first time to fall asleep than Annie in the theater.Otaku fans are saying that they like it after the movie
4,The battle scene was originally a sad scene in which Saber was killed with his own hands, but he didn't seem to have caught the emotional line properly.
1,Why do you watch this?
1,A typical fanboy movie.I can't relate to the original story even if I see it while I know it. Are you really going to do the directing like that? In the climax scene, I couldn't relate to it, and I was tortured with an electric chair, and I almost vomited when I saw a distant man sniffing in the background. Originally, the Heaven's Phil Story itself was not a topic that could be used properly with NAS's ability. The story is directed so that I can't even relate to it, so the only thing I can watch is the battle scene.
1,Keep your manners, the narrator on both sides, the one who kicks
2,I watched all the chapters 1 and 2 and 3 at once, but I couldn't concentrate on the character and I couldn't understand it at all. It was so ridiculous to see the development that only the people who saw it already knew...
1,Wow, 1 point because I can sleep well. I recommend watching this movie if you lack sleep
5,The story is about spring and the beginning of the beginning of the beginning
5,Otaku films
2,I fell asleep while watching it.I should watch it again later
2,I fell asleep while watching it.I should watch it again later
3,Failed to choose and concentrate and ended up with a poor work. I tried to contain too much information, and the story and the topic were heated up. The greed was too much.
4,Difficult lines omitted from the middle, disappointment at not being able to reproduce the original
5,It was too complicated for the previous one. The cheesy lines were also excessive.
2,G and B, please wash up. Don't talk too much. It's not good
4,The 2nd one came out, but the 3rd one, "Shouldn't"
1,Wash your feet and go around. Aren't you embarrassed?
6,The story progresses a little slow (battle depiction) and the prequel was so good that it became poisonous. I was looking forward to it after watching the previous one, but it felt like I was caught in a mess.
1,There were some good parts of visual beauty, but visual beauty is only one element of movie evaluation, and I think it is wrong to evaluate the whole movie with just one element. However, most of the current ratings are rated not by the overall evaluation of the movie itself, but by those who are obsessed with fans. So I wanted to give you about 4 points, but I give you 1 point to exclude falsehood ratings. The story was very heated and boring. The action scene had a good part, but it was too short of the overall weight of the movie, and I don't want to participate in evaluating the whole movie by itself. I'll give you one point.
3,It's just a movie called Death Note New World. It's a masterpiece, but the 1st and 2nd episodes of Heaven's Philharmonic Orchestra have been carried so many things. Honestly, I made everything wrong except for the battle scenes
1,Except for the battle scenes, it's trash
5,Heckle vs. Shiro Scene Very Disappointed Other Action Scene Was Expected to Be Good But Somewhat Disappointed
