언터처블: 1%의 우정
1,Kids who will give 10 points to this movie will be very happy with their lives because whatever they play will be fun and touching
6,I don't know why Koreans give so many points to French movies. In my opinion, the average French movie score is -2.
4,No fun. No fun. I know what you mean in the movie, but the main character is so unlikable. I can't relate to it. If you watch a movie with black and white friendship, Green Book is a much better movie.
3,It's touching and the actors' acting is good, but the story is so out of the blue and improbable. Boring...Rather, a similar movie, Green Book, is much more interesting
6,It's funny, but French is annoying
2,It's like a dog.Why are you paying me to watch this?
1,It's a movie that I watched before, but I remember it being very boring, but it's amazing that it's a true story It's amazing
2,I don't think this is a good grade
6,It's been 100 years since I came this far
1,an easy thing to like
6,I was looking forward to it because the rating was so high. It's just a light comedy. And they say it's a true story, but it's not black, it's white. How far is it?
5,a sentimental humanistic drama
6,The reviews were so good that I looked forward to it, but I guess the expectations were too high. It was good to build a friendship.
6,Rather than when you need this combination,
5,The main character, Driss, sexually harassed once a minute, but if you want to see a different friendship, watch it.
4,It wasn't bad.But it's too highly regarded I think. There are so many movies that make me feel 'good' after watching the movie. No, at least if you are a movie director, you should do that much, but to be called a masterpiece, you have to remember the movie even after watching it.
1,Art and Music Disability Issues Racism Social Welfare Love Friendship I made it simple to watch an art movie that contains a lot of material. Based on the true story, it is more meaningful, but I think the 9 points is too much.
1,It's too much to call a masterpiece
1,There's nothing I can't say to the black saggy master
6,I thought it would be a good movie because it was famous.LOL The level of black jokes was too much. Continuing to doubt that's a really funny joke for the disabled. And you shouldn't have sexually harassed a woman, except for them, you couldn't make the audience laugh? You can't laugh except in the beginning
3,I don't know why that happens.
6,Well, I wasn't as good as I thought. I guess a movie based on a true story doesn't fit me. But why the hell did he use a black man? At the end of the show, they were both of them
6,I'm the only one who didn't have much fun
1,I don't think it's a 9-point movie. That's too much. It's boring, it's not touching, it's black, it's too arrogant
1,This is so touching;; I think people are so fake
1,Black and rich white-friendship. People can be close to anyone, so it's no different. But all the women who dig themselves up are Asian. What are you doing?
5,It's like a French movie. The translation is not good enough. What is this about?
6,It's just a movie. The cliché is too cliché
3,The laughter code is too old-fashioned, the content is far-fetched, and sometimes I don't understand the main characters' actions. In the end, I slept well for the last 20 minutes.The score is so high that I want to give you 1 point, but I honestly gave it to you
6,It's touching enough even if you don't have to say it's a true story. Black characters are especially attractive. The acting is good, too. The friendship between the two men combined with great music to make a good movie. Although there is a problem with the relationship that one side only receives. a delightful film
1,Am I the only one who feels it ^^;
6,I had high expectations, so I don't think it was more than a calm and cozy movie
1,Everyone around me is sleeping
6,It is not possible to see or touch with your eyes, but isn't it more valuable than anything else to be able to get things that exist anywhere in the world?In the end, the essence of happiness that humans feel comes from empathy and communication between humans.
5,I don't know how many adaptations I've made, but the true story is incredibly contrived. 5 points because of the OST
6,Typical comes from the box and small episodes save the movie
1,Spare time... The music is also low. popular music
6,I think I was looking forward to it too much. I like the story based on a true story, but it doesn't seem too obvious There it is.
2,I watched it because it was fun, but it's not fun Don't look
5,He didn't need an attendant, he needed a friend who had a lot of conversation.I didn't get much impressed.
1,The ratings are so high compared to the fun of the movie
5,You've got to see if you have to...
1,It wasn't my style.
1,It's a bit boring to say it's a good movie
2,Honestly, it's so boring It's so different from other masterpieces
1,It's not that fun. I don't recommend it
1,I can't believe it's 9 points. It's fascinating... I think the early 8 points range is appropriate.
2,Even if it's real... I think the rating is too high. I'll lower it
6,I don't know if I have to watch it twice, but it's a movie that I don't really know. Other people's ratings were very high, so I expected it, but it wasn't as good as I expected, but I didn't feel good personally even if I tried to think objectively. I don't think it's my type
6,A warm, beautiful message, but obvious flow.
1,Is the movie consistent with this obvious touching chord in the 9 points range?
6,Who put the 1% friendship subhead?
5,It's just... It's just...
5,A little bit of a cliche comedy. It didn't really hit home to me.
1,Adjusting ratings...
6,The reason why this movie has 6 points is that even experts are not impressed and only remember the black dance
1,I can't watch it. I've been watching it for 30 minutes, but I can't watch it because it doesn't make sense for me to be obsessed with black scoundrels I'm in trouble to watch the movie "The Hunt" right after watching it.
6,It's a bit of an obvious story, but it's a trick for a smooth French film. Good background piano performance
1,Wow... To be honest, it was so obvious and it wasn't that touching. Everyone said it was fun, so I watched it, and it was a waste of time for me. I only had regrets after watching it
6,It was a good movie, but it was boring
5,It's simple and simple, but the dramatic impression as a movie is
6,Isn't it too cliche?
5,Oh, I don't know if my taste is popular.It's been a while since I couldn't relate to the netizens' ratings;;; It wasn't good.
1,No, where the hell is this moving. It was really boring, boring, and unimpressed
1,The rating is too high for the work. There's not much affection or emotion. It's not fun either. The last holiday is more fun.
2,I was really bored with this movie. I know it's a good movie, but... This is the only honest rating I have.
1,The second half is a shame
1,I think it is a good movie, but the rating is too high compared to the movie.shivering
1,It's fun to watch, but it's annoying to do homework with this.
1,......................Untouchable: 1 percent
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it? It's no more than killing time.
1,I'm not up to my mark.
4,It is calm except for a burst of laughter
6,Why is this 9 points?
5,I don't know... Is it because I'm looking forward to it?It's boring
6,I remember one thing after I saw it. Black teeth are very white
6,It's not bad, but it doesn't seem to have enough persuasive power to be a dris.
1,I'm sick of the obvious.At first, I thought you were seeing a cute girl.The actual main characters are white people, and they seem to be exaggerating a lot for the fun of the movie
4,The material is good, but the movie itself doesn't seem very well made...Do female massagers really need to use Asian to balance their race?Is the story of sexual minorities unnecessary real?Is this French spirit?LOL
1,It's a black hyung's punishment!
5,I can't believe you're imitating American impressions. It doesn't look good on French movies
1,Personally, I was not interested or impressed by this movie
1,It's so far-fetched
2,It is funny and touching because it is a true story of a documentary, but it is a waste of 1 point for a movie. Sublimation of sadness into humor? as if one's sun is high
1,1 point for fun
1,The most boring movie I've ever seen
6,I also felt like I was talking about something touching or perhaps obvious. It's a true story, so it's a plus
1,I'm so touched
1,Personally, it wasn't funny or touching.
1,The rating is ridiculous
1,Good movie but high rating
6,I think it was okay...I've seen it a long time ago, but I don't remember
6,It's a good movie, but the cinematic perfection is a bit disappointing.
1,What's funny about this? I slept
1,It's similar to "Show Shank Escape"
2,The uncomfortable truth that turned the main character of Middle East into a black person even though it was based on a true story, eventually doubts the authenticity of this movie
1,French
5,He's so arrogant
1,It's not fun at all right? It's so boring and boring. How can this be 9 points?I'm so touched.
5,I don't think it's 9 points. It's not like I manipulated it
1,a forceful impression based on a true story
4,솔직히 Honestly, there's not much to it. The rating is high. I watched it half-forced because the school played it
1,I was so touched, but I think the latter half of the 8 points is good
6,I don't know why the ratings are so high, and it wasn't that touching.Why are you making such a fuss about a plot I saw somewhere?I never agree with the best movie, I was fooled by Alba...
5,It wasn't that fun...
5,I gave up watching halfway because I was so bored. But other people say it's funny. The bottom line is that I was a hypochondriac. I couldn't even keep up with the story. Damn, I enjoyed watching Remember Titan and Blindside
1,As expected, I think I repeated it about three times while watching and sleeping, not watching the movie theater. That's how boring it is. I didn't watch it all.
1,It's not fun. Where's the touching point? Solka said it's the saddest thing to not be able to live with her grandfather and wife, but she likes it a lot when she meets a girl. French movie. It seems like it doesn't suit me. Black people were the most annoying. They just talk recklessly. Anyway, it's the worst
1,주식 이야기...
1,It was boring the whole time  a rubbish movie not worth watching
5,Knocking on Bucket Svetman referred to only 1% of the true story
5,The content and material were good, but the process of developing it was too dry. a typical European film
6,Is it the friendship between two men who have no prejudice and have a good heart? It won't be easy to be like that in this day and age. It's a world full of prejudice and stereotypes. But it doesn't seem like the tsunami is moving or the main character's humor is funny! Is it because the theme is good? That's a high rating
5,I don't know where it's fun or if it'
6,Like a friend who can laugh without saying a word even though it's been a while.
3,I think the rating is too high...I think the expert rating is right.
5,I was looking forward to the moving and comic scenes, but I had high expectations
1,Boring. Unbelievable rating
5,I didn't like it
1,What is this?
1,What is this? Is this trash?
5,좋아!
1,Don't fall asleep, Areum-yeo!
1,It's not good. How can it exceed 9 points?
1,A movie that was like a beggar...Others say it was touching, but why don't I know?I fell asleep while watching it and I don't understand the intentions of the movie.
6,The same feeling that Driss had when she was watching an opera.
4,It doesn't impress me, it's just that I take care of old people. There are a lot of people who do this kind of work, but the movie "Untouchable" came out, so I got attention
1,To be honest, if I had that kind of wealth and was crippled, I'd have that kind of funny guy as my friend The friendship with 1% is exaggerated. Maybe it's because it's not the same expression as I think
4,It's a movie worth watching, but two stars.
6,It's a bit obvious that the rich are attracted to the weak... but maybe because it's a true story, it's heartwarming ^_^
5,....It was a bit of a cliche. Boring and drooping; French movie, I don't like it
6,It's calm.
6,It's so nice to watch That much
5,a good true story
4,Maybe it was because I expected too much, but there was little sympathy at all for me.
5,It did not overcome the peculiar dwindlingness of French films. If I put it in 90 minutes, it would be 8 points, but...
1,Honestly, the rating is ridiculously high. I think it's just 7.5
4,I don't know why this movie has a high rating...
2,Their true friendship is beautiful, but the movie doesn't suit me. I was bored to death
6,Is Philip a Buddha? Unreasonably generous to the rude and insincere Dre.
2,In the beginning, it's kind of boring...
1,It was fun, but it wasn't a 9.35 movie. About 7.5
6,Well, I lost track of time, but I'm a little disappointedLOL
1,The most complacent film director in France, a film with no trace of believing in only one subject
2,It's a waste of money. It's not touching. It's better to have a bucket list
1,It's an obvious genre and it's obvious. I don't want to be forced to be touched
1,Is this really funny?
3,Touched by the obvious, the insistence of avoiding the obvious. Disappointment itself.
2,It's touching, but it doesn't suit me.
2,I went to see my family's torch like crazy, but later I felt sorry for my family
5,Like three idiots, looking forward to it.I was bored to death.
1,I think a rating of 7 to 8 is appropriate.
1,It's more like a documentary than a movie
5,Agreed...
1,I think it's just a commercial movie that expects attention and favorable reviews from society. I can't write long.
1,The most boring movie among touching true stories. I fell asleep while watching a blind date.The scores below are "do-de-che"?
2,I was looking forward to it because the rating was high. Big disappointment. Just Lee Jisoo...  I can't relate to the cliche
3,Except it's a true story. It's a bit boring, I don't really relate.
6,It's not a movie that moves you to the point of making a fuss. Except it's true.
1,It's a preview. ^^I watched the preview and it was just like the preview
6,I'm sad because I watched the movie with high expectationsI can watch a calm movie
5,It's boring
6,A real touch from a typical story.
5,Is it because it's too calm? But the music is good
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
5,It's definitely a great movie, but if you watch it when you're tired, you can be a slave to sleep.
1,It's a heavy but light movie. Something that's full of anticipation and emptiness. a movie worth watching
6,It's calm, but sexual jokes come out in the middle, making you frown. It's easy
6,Even if it's true... Without an incident, it gets boring
1,Blackie and leggy-- I want to give up sight
5,I should've watched Titanic one more time.My friend insisted that I saw this, and I was disappointed.
5,I was fooled by the rating. I'm sleepy and bored Sometimes it was funny. Not really!
2,Do you think the obvious friendship between men still works?
5,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it.It was boring...It's touching, but...
1,It's just to kill time, why is it so high?
4,Can't you hear the bubbling sound?
5,UJUNG is not an episode
1,Very boring...
3,A man can regret it. Everyone around me is disappointed...
1,It's a good movie, but it's overrated I think it's about 8 points
1,Even more interesting and touching movies were in the eight-point range. 8.8 is appropriate, not 9.3
1,10 points for a heart-warming movie? Some might think that Koreans only lived with discrimination
1,The score is too high
6,There is a calm smile in between, but there is no lingering feeling and I don't feel much fun.I was tricked
6,It's been a while since the movie was neat and sound, and it seems to have a high rating because of its cheerful content without much tragedy.
6,It's small but fun, but the score is too high
6,Well, I wasn't very impressed.It was calm, but...
6,It's not that interesting; it's a movie I don't know why I made it and it's been boring all along
6,Sleepy
2,Is this a movie for those over 12? It was a childish movie.
1,I enjoyed watching <9.0~9.2>. But now the score of 9.37 is a little too much.
6,Driss is so lovely and I got to listen to Earl's Wind and Fire again. I feel sorry for the person who bought that picture
1,I took my friends with me, and I was so sorryㅜㅜㅜ ㅜㅜㅜ
3,It's just, what is this? It doesn't have much to say it doesn't matter
5,It was a pity to see the ending, but it was a movie that touched the heart. I love the way he smiles^^
3,It's not fun. It's too obvious
5,Am I too crooked?There's not much conflict in the movie, so it was plain
1,If you look forward to it more than you can expect from the poster picture, you will regret it.
1,The reviews were so good that you went to the family ㅠㅠ?I was touched by the good content, but honestly, I was a little bored.
1,One person who was led to believe that there were real GPA part-timers; frankly, there are some laughing codes
5,I don't know if it's because I have high expectations before watching the movie. I'm not that touched...Car? There's a freight car
2,Not so good. Very plain content and a dragon-like conversation. France's vulgar conversation--boring without climax
6,It's a heartwarming movie, but it's not like Titanic or Sound of Music!
5,It's a moving and decent movie, but it seems to have an excessively high rating. I think their friendship came out too short
1,a double-track story a black one-man show an unnecessary frame composition; a simple film. Let's lower the rating
4,Did I expect too much? Everything you showed on the TV movie program...It's like a one-act play on TV
6,Funny. That's the end of it. It's boring outside of funny scenes.But if the acting was good, it wasn't that impressive
1,A ridiculous deviant 1% of wealth. Don't be fooled by their ratings. No fun.Well.
6,Is it because I'm expecting too much because of the high rating? It was a little boring.
1,I was fooled by the score. Oh, money is a waste, time is a waste, no emotion, no sadness
3,I don't really like movies...I've seen two. I'd rather recommend an introduction to architecture
1,It's not very interesting and touching. A fully anticipated story. I've always seen movies like this
1,Damn, I fell for the French movie again.
3,This is fun...Really!! Ah...my money
1,It's just a documentary that made 1% friendship into a movie
6,It doesn't feel bad as if you're watching a documentary
1,It's fun sometimes, but the score is 7.5 points
1,My part time job is awesome! I barely got it because of my 8.5 girlfriend.It's not fun when you see guys.Calm, normal, normal...
6,Part-time job. Just as much as I expected. Maybe it's a true story
4,If I had restrained myself from making artificial images, I could have seen it if I smiled naturally. a good movie
1,I was going to look at the introduction of architecture, but I trusted the grade!! Tintin: It was the most boring movie since the unicorn's secret!
1,Oh... it's not funny
1,That's awesome. It's not 9.4
1,The rating of 7.5 is correct. I wanted something touching. Boring like a European movie.
1,What are these people... Are you all part-timers? Honestly, 7 points for the movie... I'll give you 1 point for the downward adjustment
1,Frankly, it is not a nine-point rating.The comments below seem a little too much--
3,It's a true story, so it's just calm. I was really looking forward to the rating.The funny thing is, the body's back.
1,I disagree that this movie has the highest rating. Score management..
4,Maybe it was because I expected a tearful storm move because I advertised it as if I was moved, but I wasn't moved much.
6,It's just calm...
2,He said it like a touching ox knee soup below, but there was no particular emotion.
5,Good movie, but don't look forward to it. 8 points if you didn't expect it
6,A friendship of one percent is made of 99 percent setup and cliché
6,To be honest, it's not in the 9-point range. Let's not be fooled if you download the movie after reading the ratings
1,I was not moved by the contrived laughter, and it was a waste of time so I came out from the movie... I was fooled by the rating.
6,What's so touching about this?There's only a comic element in the middle of a really empty ending.Please look forward to it
6,Reflect on your departure video trip. That's all it says
1,I trusted OOO GPA and watched it, but it seems like that's it
6,I could have made it a more interesting and touching work, but it's a shame, it was just worth seeing
1,Are you kidding me, part-timers? If the movie goes down, the ratings will go down. I saw it. I want to kill you
3,It's okay ^^
1,It's not fun. I'm sick and tired of it's boring
5,Why did I feel sad rather than funny in every scene?
3,It doesn't seem like a nine-point movie. A calm movie. The story is not natural.a movie with individual differences
1,Don't watch movie lovers who like to smash it. Bored...
1,Maybe because I was looking forward to it too much, it wasn't just comedy or touching.
5,Did I expect too much from the rating? It's so boring.
5,It's not friendship. It's something that satisfies your instincts and symbiosis with each other
1,You're a part-timer
1,It must be a good movie, but the rating is too high. I think it should be about 8.8. one's personal opinion
6,Two so different people met and found laughter together, and before we knew it, we became two people who looked so alike
6,The warmth that you can feel even if you don't try to impress them! It was heart-warming.
1,It was fun, but nothing to remember.
4,The point is only music. 10 points is a lie! Really!!! I think I lost my time, but I liked piano music
1,Why isn't there a zero point?
1,I can give you 8 points for fun, but the overall evaluation for moving is very high, so please download it
1,Are there only part-timers here?Are you serious? Stories are lame and puns aren't fun.The movie that only slept after Dear John
1,The person who recommends this doesn't understand. It's so boring if you just slept
6,The development itself is so ordinary that the word "real story" is overshadowed.It was not enough to feel the noble friendship between the two.
1,The trailer was very funny and funny, but the actual movie was funny in the trailer
1,I was bored the whole time In a word, it wasn't fun
2,If you downloaded it on a shared site, it's a movie.
3,I was able to concentrate well in the beginning, but I think it's a bit boring. I fell asleep while watching it
1,The rating is too high... It was worth watching, but... Weak to be touched.
6,As you said, it's not fun or touching. 9.41 is too much.
5,It's not fun. The conflict doesn't end.A movie that wasn't even touching
5,I don't know what kind of fun this is...I'm at a loss.
1,I think I'm using my GPA part-time job. It's a good movie, but the rating is more than 99 percent manipulated.
1,I thought it was an art movie because it was so boring. The rating was so high that I got off!
2,It's a touching story. Two stars. The movie itself is not good.
1,I don't know what it's about.
6,It's been a while since I saw a heart-warming movie Heartwarming ^^
5,Well, it's funnier than a new angle More than touching! Fun!
3,My friend said that the ending was good.They want us to see you later;;
1,Philip is acting like Han Seok-gyu, and Driss is laughing virus Gagcon. Yvonne is Kim Hye-sook's best movie of the year
1,It's been a while since I saw a movie that makes my heart warm. I'm touched...crying
1,OOO out of OOO...I haven't seen such a childish movie in a while.
6,I looked at the rating, but I think the rating is exaggerated as a part-time job. an ordinary movie
3,It wasn't that interesting, but it was a pretty normal, predictable movie
6,It wasn't too fun or sad
1,I'm sure it's not going to be fun
1,The movie is a really good work, but it's a contradiction with a good rating ^^
6,I was looking forward to it. It's just a calm movie.There's nothing particularly touching about it
1,Ah..the reality zero movie that I hate the most.. I want to kill a black bird
3,It's true that there's calm emotion and laughter. But that's all. I was tricked by a rating.
4,It's not a movie that's worth 10 points
6,How should I say it? It's a really calm movie  Just a movie that you can watch without thinking.
6,Bucket List followed by a set of 1% rich white and black caregivers, who aren't really black...
6,Why is this a 12-year-old viewer... I should raise it to 15 at least.
1,The rating is like puffed rice.It's a little fun, but there's no story.Don't look
2,Does the first scene really make you look forward to it?I'm getting bored. I don't care about the ending
1,As expected, disappointment is the end of the friendship between people who are not perfect with money and people who are not perfect with their bodies.
4,It's not fun
1,It's fun, but it's not in the 9s.
5,It's not fun... There are so many part-timers...
1,Too boring
1,Why did I watch this movie?I regret it. It's a boring movie with no emotion
1,They said they watched the movie after seeing the rating. 9.5 is definitely not. 7.5 is a movie
2,I don't really... I don't doze off.
5,Honestly, it's not a moving subject. Yeah, it's just an OST that's fun
2,I'll give you 1 star for overpackaging and fighting spirit marketing
6,진짜요?
1,I didn't pay for it at the theater.If you do it on TV later, it's a good movie to watch
1,Even if you wrap up the obvious, it's just a cliche...The ending is more obvious and I don't recommend it
4,It's boring...
3,It's a minus that I pulled it off because I'm so moved
5,Just a two-boys? Honestly, I can't tell you to go watch it ^^; A good movie to laugh about with killing time.
1,I feel like I was tricked by the part-timer's rating. The movie is as easy as a TV human theater.
1,I want to give you 0 point
1,I don't know why the rating is so high.I don't like it because there are only female jokes.It's not that touching either.
1,This one has a high rating, too.It's worth watching, but it's so touching.To be honest...
1,Isn't this too high?
5,I think the theme will be in this year's best five.
3,Emotion's explanations are too inadequate
1,It's fun, but it's not touching, it's just funny. The ending is a little weak...
2,Gwangmyeong CGV] It felt boring and quite racially, it was unimpressed and just boring.
5,I watched it today and it would be nice to watch it with my family, but it's not that fun...
6,It's a bit disappointing in the second half
5,The unnatural harmony between the awkwardly gentle rich and the awkwardly arrogant poor
6,I guess he had high expectations.below expectationsExtreme flow, lyrical. I can't see it
3,Comedy movie? Not fun How many people went out in the first 15 minutes? Why is there so many 10 points? A movie for TV
3,Am I weird? I didn't like it, honestly ==;
3,beyond the protection of anything It's a bit too much, too much, too much, too much, too much.Although it's a true story,
3,Honestly, it's boring
5,It's a touching story, but I fell asleep while watching it
6,It's just normal. I don't think it's 10 points...
6,The moment you look at it, you'll see how bubbly the current rating is. Just a movie like that.
4,I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't that touching or fun, and it felt like I couldn't connect
1,I strongly recommend a movie where you can feel both fun and emotion
1,Don't be fooled. It's not good. It's a cliche.
1,a poor work of the times
1,That's so childish
6,It was a bit loose in the middle, but the special friendship between the two men warmed my heart.
6,The story is good, but it lacks dramatic elements, so I was moved and left.
1,The rating is too high.I think 8.5 is enough.
1,so, that
6,Boredom
4,I saw it with Korean subtitles, but it didn't meet my expectationsㅜㅜ
1,Boredom No special story
1,What is touching? The best movie of my life is really too much
1,It was so fun and touching
6,Well, in a multiracial country, some consensus is possible.In foreign countries, it's just like that
1,It's fun, but up to 10 points...
6,Let's believe in the power of positivity and laughter
