보헤미안 랩소디
1,Rami Malek's clumsy imitation of Freddie Mercury, pitiful struggle. The other band members' cast was excellent. Freddie Mercury's performance seems to have been practiced and roughly arranged. Rami Malek is not good at acting.
6,Well, would you have been more immersed if you didn't know Quinn? Would it have been more touching if you hadn't known Freddie Mercury in your life? I think the production was impeccably great, but the main character interrupted his immersion, and Freddie was delicate and sexy, but he wasn't as intrusive as an ape, and his looks were masculine, and I can't hide my sadness. Of course, I was impressed by his directing skills, but when Ramimalek's solo acting scene, especially the close-up scene of his face, he bursts into laughterㅜㅜ
6,As expected, music movies are not good.
6,To be honest, I don't know anything but the sink of the cast. One advantage of being able to watch Queen's high-definition concert video? Even that was lip syncing in the stand-in lol. But it seemed like they were only listing the performance videos, so I pretended to give a narrative like Heo Seop OOO, but I was very disappointed... It just makes me think that Queen is a really great band and Freddie Mercury is nothing less than being carried by an unprecedented genius.
6,I wonder if we can look forward to Jami Malek's Michael Jackson story
1,I'm so bored. I'm sleepy
6,It's a rating given by someone who doesn't know much about movies
2,Is Freddie Mercury such a small, crude, nasty-looking character?
6,It's fun.
1,It's so boring. Just sleeping pills
3,I like it all, but I'm happy to have a kid playing Freddie, but my eyes are uncomfortable
2,I love acting, but I don't look like Mercury at all.It's more like Lee Kyung Kyu.
2,In the end, it's a gay movie, a prodigal life, and a story about dying of AIDS, like a hero story, ㅜㅜ music should also listen to music that saves people.Don't try to wrap up your sins beautifully.
1,What photo did you put on gold pieces? Can't you zoom in? Is the iPhone trash?
6,To be honest, I couldn't have fallen into rock if it weren't for this movie. (But I don't listen to Queen's songs, I just listen to other bands who were active in the same era as Queen.) But I don't think the movie itself has a huge impact except for the Live Aid scene.
6,I wish I'd gained more weight. His lip-syncing acting is a bit disappointing
4,I don't know why the score is high. A four-point movie
2,It's funny, but I ruined Freddie's life because of that gay saki
6,The performance is good, but why do you emphasize that the movie is gay rather than musical?
6,Live Aid is worth more than two stars.
6,Except for the last concert scene, the completeness of the other parts is not clear
1,I'm a Queen fan, so I watched it at the theater, but the movie wasn't good, and I prefer to watch documentaries
4,It is surprising that such a lousy movie is highly regarded. A movie that failed with a music movie or a documentary about Queen's life. Why didn't you let me hear your song properly?
6,Freddie Mercury successfully got on the bus!
1,There's no zero point. There's no zero point
1,No fun at all The worst movie of all time The quality of the movie is too old It's too analog and the story is all old songs
1,Gay is a mutant, but he doesn't compare
6,I downloaded it from the web hard and watched it because it was so good. It was nice to be able to listen to Queen's masterpieces all the time, but the movie didn't suit my feelings Freddie Mercury's bisexual scene made me sick. Why is this a masterpiece? Because it's a famous British band? More than 9 million Korean movie fans watched Freddie Mercury's private life in theaters.
1,Green Book and this... I don't understand that gay movies are overrated
1,Boycott the Hollywood Pedos!
2,Why are these singer cosplay movies so overrated?
5,Freddie Mercury's excessive behavioral expressions ㅜㅜ It's not a very well-made movie to give a rating of 9ㅜㅜ
5,The Beatles John Lennon is greater than Freddie Mercury with AIDS
1,The most boring and boring movie I've ever seen. Every movie has people's likes and dislikes, but everyone says it's the best movie, so I wonder if it's just me or if everyone is hypnotized in a group...I looked at the clock every 10 minutes for 2 hours and thought I would just go out because it was so boring. I'll have to see you again in 10 years ㅠㅠ I hope I can feel the emotion that many people felt back then...
1,The most boring and boring movie I've ever seen. Every movie has people's likes and dislikes, but everyone says it's the best movie, so I wonder if it's just me or if everyone is hypnotized in a group...I looked at the clock every 10 minutes for 2 hours and thought I would just go out because it was so boring. I'll have to see you again in 10 years ㅠㅠ I hope I can feel the emotion that many people felt back then...
1,In other countries, it was not as popular as in Korea, but strangely, I didn't understand why people were so enthusiastic about the popular movie in Yuri country, which is already out of the world, I didn't even live in that era
1,I've been taking a long, long shot of this dirty AIDS guy, and it's not even funny
1,I can't wait to see your acting skills
1,What's so good about gay people with AIDS?
5,Story. "Roll it in and eat it." "Yum yum"
1,Why is the movie gay died of AIDS so high?In the middle of the movie, he touches the back of the butler with his hands and curses when the butler is angry and deep kisses. Are you out of your mind crying over this movie?
5,Homosexuality and AIDS have ruined the lives of outstanding artists
1,It's worth watching Quon Live Ade on YouTube
1,It's embarrassing to say it's a movie about Queen, but the fact about Freddie Mercury, Queen, people around her and the fictional adaptation of the movie are so different. I don't know about the story or the directing. It's like watching a video clip of Queen's music video.
1,Why is it famous?
5,I only remember being very disappointed when I had very high expectations. There's no story, so I just listened to Queen's song.
1,My hero Mercury is only feminine, but he's more of a man on stage than anyone else Mercury's Gay Acting The Worst, Worst, Worst Movie The Movie That Ruined My Hero
1,Freddy is so different that I can't get into it. It's not like Freddie's life was melted well. If it weren't for Queen's music, would she be this crazy? It would be better to see the real concert.
2,The music was good, but only the music was good, but the storytelling and the emotional part of the movie were not so much a movie to watch the last performance
1,도Even Doonya becomes Hot돼
6,I'm touched to see Live Aid again, but the movie itself is sad
3,Not fun, boring video CG is too obvious to impress..
1,It's my first time to fall asleep while watching a movie
1,I don't know why it was boring, but it was boring.
2,It's not good. It's boring and it's a waste of time
1,yes
1,A movie that only Koreans were enthusiastic about. The movie that was only hit in Korea all over the world. The level of Korean movies is very...
6,Not only does Queen's masterpieces barely support the movie, but the main character cannot keep up with Freddie Mercury's charm, but the director only dealt with his human agony in a superficial way.
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's not as good.
6,The performance is weaker than expected, and there is no screen of how I got AIDS due to the blockbuster in the middle. The probability of being cut off for a blockbuster.Maybe it's because I haven't been to the theater, but I'm not impressed with the OST
4,"It might not be good for people who are not interested in bands"
4,I like Queen's songs, but it wasn't touching or fun.
4,I don't understand why such a movie is highly regarded as a music movie and attracts a lot of audiences.There are many more touching stories than this. I think it's purely because of Gurabal SNS. 20th Century Fox is no longer a big deal.
1,I want to give 0 point. I thought I was going crazy
2,There's so much distortion. I don't recommend it. I'm so touched.There are a lot of good songs
5,I thought the last concert editing was done on Mnet. Too many cuts
6,the mastery of characters and music
1,It's in the top 10 movie ratings? Either way, it's an extreme nation
1,It's a dirty gay movie except for the song;;
1,It is a poor work in terms of workmanship. a concert movie
1,It's the worst music movie ever.
6,What's great about it?
4,Hold out until the live ade scene.
1,The worst of the worst in the movie.I like the last part of the concert, so I give you 1 point.
1,A film that is so overrated. The movie is about not only praising Freddie Mercury's good points but also explaining his bad points in an ambiguous way.
1,The rating is too high. What is clear is that a well-made movie is right. Eight points is appropriate.
6,Freddy's face is the story, and the performance scene is so catchy, and I hate the face so much that my eyes are so puffy and my mouth is so big that I really don't like Mercury
5,a film that encourages coolness and excitement
4,Freddie Mercury had the same ripple effect as the picture taken during the performance and there is no more storytelling than that, so he made it into a movie.
6,A movie that's good to watch if you have time
2,The song was good. It's not fun and I don't know the story.
1,This is fun? I can't watch it because it's dirty. There are a lot of weird people
6,I didn't like it. Freddie Mercury is a lot nicer.She's short, and I only looked for Freddie on YouTubeability
2,I didn't like it since I grew out my hair, but after I cut my hair in the middle, my figure looked more alive I've seen it closely, but it's not fun anymore.You don't like guys who are gay and you're touched?I don't know if it's that. I'll give you one more point because I like it a little bit during the last concert
5,Not bad, but it is also true that there are too many bubbles in the rating.
5,The first part is too cliche. All you have to do is watch the last concert scene. Or you can just watch the actual Queen performance video on YouTube.
6,I saw it because people praised it, but it wasn't ^^;;
1,Seven is a good movie, but... It feels overrated, so I give it 1 point to adjust the rating.
6,I heard that the song is good, but it's not at all.It reminds me of the original song.The last ending song. Don't stop me now was good.I think this is the only original song.The rest of the songs seemed to be somewhat weak.
2,People around me recommended me to watch it, and they all watched it, so I followed it and watched it, and it was the worst. Personally, I don't like movies with music, so I think it's more like that.
1,It's not fun, but Koreans go crazy when it's a music movie.
3,I really want to watch a rock music movie ~ Not something funny.
1,A movie that didn't really appeal to me. It's a movie about Freddie Mercury's life. I'm not a queen, and I couldn't find the movie interesting or moving. The rating is very high, but this movie seems to be the best part because my subjective movie reviews don't match at all ㅠㅠ
1,It's a very highly rated movie. I dozed off while watching it. The male kiss scene is disgusting. It's much better to look it up on YouTube.  I don't know why it hit the box office with Interstellar. Whether it's trendy or characteristic of Korean people.
6,Genius is always a psycho
5,I think the old Ray is much more fun
6,2018.11.7 CGV Yeongdeungpo, a good movie for those who know Queen's masterpieces
6,Personally, it's just a normal movie compared to the previous one. I don't know why people were crazy all of a sudden. I like the song like a function, but I think it's a temporary craze, so I rarely Queen songs these days.But why is MC머 You Can Touch This in the movie?
6,I don't know if it's because I listen to music often...
6,I dozed off in between because I couldn't relate
1,This is an insult to Queen.
4,As one of Queen's fans, I thought it would be better to watch Queen's music video than to watch a movie.Freddie was drawn weakly and ugly and uncomfortable the whole time I looked at all the time.I give you two stars to listen to Queen's songs again
6,I like Queen's songs, but I don't like directing movies
3,Queen is good, but I don't like this movie
6,A late movie, why are you so slow now?
1,Gay movies that waste time
1,Hmm, it doesn't suit me
6,Maybe his life was ruined and changed by people around him. The love affair with homosexuality was absolutely appalling. The music was good in the second half, but the feeling of gayness was so strong that the movie itself was halved.
4,I was watching the last live ade ending scene, and I saw Freddie singing his heart out on YouTube. It feels like I'
6,It's fun. I really like it And
3,Am I the only one who's not funny? I regret seeing it.
6,I think it was fun
5,Queen is great. But the movie is not worth watching.
6,It's just that I'm just so-so. There's a song that I can't relate to and I know the songBut I don't think I've got enough to lift anything more than emotion.
6,.... I don't know what to say.Hah!
1,The rating is too high.    Lower than Shawshank
6,A screen concert with songs that everyone knows about, even if they don't know Queen and Freddie Mercury
1,The movie itself is evaluated.  It would be better to just watch the performance video.
1,It's a good movie, but I think it's a movie that will be highly regarded. I hope you find your spot in the movie rankings. 1 point
2,No fun
4,Overall sacrifice for the final scene. I personally don't like gay stuff
1,I've seen Ddongkko's movie well.
1,I don't understand why this became a hot topic.a simple list of fsodsa contextless narrative development It's so boring that I'm angry.Even though I like Queen's songs. It's fortunate that I didn't watch it at the movie theater.  Save even a little money haha
1,Except for Queen's songs, the story is so poor and the story is like a third-rate movie. A movie that doesn't have a high value as a movie... It would have been much better to watch the Queen concert video. And I don't understand that close to 10 million people have seen this kind of movie.
6,The music is good, and I have a good account of it's...
1,Honestly, Freddie Mercury doesn't look like him, so I can't concentrate at all
6,The song was good. It was good at the end, too
1,Well, I'd rather watch a performance video
1,If you watch a movie with the Rising Sun Flag on in the teaser, or if you like it or if you go to the movies through word of mouth
6,Is this a movie that deserves such high praise? It was a movie that wasn't special compared to other musician movies, but there was nothing new at all... I'm finally watching a movie today. It's just normal. It's just an obvious movie that's following a normal musician's movie.
2,If it wasn't fun, the story goes like that, too
6,No matter what it was before the movie, people around me watched the movie and at some point, Queen was a legend
4,Did you look forward to it? The concert scene is good! Failed to relate to the story!
6,Have a higher rating and the main character dies a film
6,Good. You're the best HJ: Ugh
1,It's just a rumor
1,A movie that shows how pretentious Korea is. You think I'm a dog or a cultural person because I see this. To be honest, I didn't know who Queen was and I was so bored.
6,It was a bit weird. Everyone saw it, so the atmosphere.
1,The rating is crazy. Crowd mentality... lol
1,Homosexuality is unpleasant, no matter how good I try
1,A tasting cannot be a meal
1,The movie about legendary Queen. But other than the last performance scene, it's boring. It's not a movie that will attract this much audience the day after I fall asleep. But the last performance scene is a legend
1,Are you interested in watching Solka's gay life and drug-ridden life? This is why the people of Korea hear hoops.
4,"If you were a fan of Queen, you would get 1-2 stars, and if you only knew the songs that Queen didn't know, it was fun and touching."
6,It is difficult to correct a mistake. This is because they forget that they have a chance because of their foolish stubbornness, foolish pride, and foolish greed. Freddie, who took courage before every opportunity disappeared, is cool.
1,It's still showing for a million
1,People who don't even know what Queen is, who have never been to a concert hall, are so moved and overwhelmed by the set content, Koreans. I'm ashamed that the people of that country were also killed and ruined, but Interstellar is so touched. I'm really ashamed of your pretense
6,The music, the acting was great, but the directing was ruined...
4,The birth of Bohemian Rhapsody was more normal than I thought
2,It's really boring and I'm falling asleep--
6,It feels like I went to a concert
1,I can't believe I paid for this crap movie.
3,Amazing TV surprise high-quality version
2,Feels like I lost money... I think the movie is overrated because people watch it and follow it a lot on TV.
4,It's a memory fly if only the song is good
6,The actors got 10 points in sync and the rest...It was just like watching a calm documentary. It's nothing new as a generation of queens. I think it's one of the overvaluations brought by vague awe of geniuses in our country's unique unfamiliar fields
2,I saw it on a Korean Air flight.My favorite image since I was a student on 19.1.31 is a homosexual and dies of EZ, so I wake up from the movie.When two guys come out in public and see a kiss scene, who's going to look at my monitor?Two kids across the street.It was disgusting to know that I respected Andersen was a mobile man, but it was also disgusting.
5,I don't know why this is so popular. Only Queen's song, perfume. I agree that the synchronization is amazing, except for the main character
1,Eventually, the dung beetles get AIDS and die.These days, I don't die quickly because I like medicine, but for each AIDS patient...It's a nuisance to have to support 100 million won a year with taxpayers' money.And it's not a very good movie even if you look at it.
1,Gay people are not worthy of respect
5,Watching Freddie Mercury documentary on YouTube is a hundred times better
4,Too much fiction Confession of AIDS in the run-up to the live ade is a total fiction lol and I'm disappointed that my three favorite songs Play the Game, Bicycle Race, and Good Old Fashioned Lover Boy are missing
1,an insult to Freddie Mercury
6,Queen was good and the song was really good, but the story was not good.
1,I also liked this movie, but I think people's reaction is too much Of course, it's up to you, but I don't think it's a movie that'll get this much halo, but it's not a one-point movie, so I just give it to lower the rating.
6,A movie that makes you look for music from the '7s and '80s
1,Freddie looks so pathetic
6,Personally, I only liked the song.
6,Why is it still playing? He's trying so hard to get 10 million hearts. I gave him 6 points because it's disgusting
1,Trying to save the little detail and the music is satisfying, but what's left of it? It is clear that the music is played by those who grew up listening to Queen's music, and the introduction of Bohemian Rhapsody is heart-pounding, but nothing more. The limits of Brian Singer.
6,Music is the best because it's a queen song. It's not a bad idea for me as a movie
1,What do you like about it?Do you want me to understand homosexuality?
3,It's not fun to death of it's not fun
6,Honestly, it's not that bad, but it's not that bad, but it's not like I watched a movie of my life
1,I don't think it's a movie that will get this much rating. The concert scene was good, but the story itself was...
2,I don't understand why 9 million people watched this
6,I don't know anything about Queen, but I went to see her and found out about her
3,Emotional Zero, I know some music, Freddie Mercury's anguish, serious content about music, and a turbulent history. I don't know what the producer is trying to say in making this movie. I don't know, I don't understand why this movie has a high rating.
6,It's just that. The song is good
6,Music doesn't mean it's not a boring story.
1,That's right. They're saying it's definitely good
2,What's so funny about this?
1,I'll give you 1 point because you're trying to get 10 million hearts
1,People who miss Queen's nostalgia seem to think highly of the movie as well.I can't believe that the only result of the character analysis is the protruding cavity.Only Ramimalek's over-acting performance was memorable.
1,I don't know why it's so much fun. It's more burdensome than Mercury, and when the song is about to heat up, the gay thing is too urgent, fast, sudden, and the probability doesn't matter, and the last live feels like I just copied the actual performance
4,It's not a good idea. As a person who has loved Queen's songs and music for nearly 30 years, I watched Freddie Mercury's movie until the end, but I needed patience.
6,When it comes to dramatic elements, Freddie was a bit like this I don't think a movie is a masterpiece because Queen's music is playing. It is surprising that the audience does not dislike the music that appeared even though the situation and emotion of the time were not there. Freddie's half-crazy facial expression is annoying throughout the movie.
6,I watched all the movies except for me, but I don't have anything in my head except for the performance scene
1,What's this? A gay movie like OO
1,If it wasn't for the same sex, it would be the best movie ㅜㅜ I feel nauseous
6,I think I've been to a Quon concert that I've never been to before
6,It was okay, but it doesn't seem to be a movie to watch over 9.9 million people.
1,It's only fun in the beginning. It's so boring. This is a movie
6,It's boring until the end and only the last part is fun.
2,I like it so much that it's not funㅜㅜ 10 points I don't understand
6,I watched it because I heard it was famous, but I couldn't relate to the characters' behavior and felt rejected. The last concert was worth watching.
6,A work worthy of respect for showing that light is everywhere, with good material, great songs, and overly boring storytelling.
1,It's been almost 2 months since I saw you, and I felt unfair and I wanted to waste money, so I came here to give you stars nowReally
6,I was just like that. Queen's music is good, but...
6,I was looking forward to it, but the movie is not perfect
2,I was so embarrassed while watching it with my son.
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,The rating is too high. I don't know if you know that I get paid 100% by national tax or 6 million won a month for AIDS in Korea. Ninety-three percent of AIDS patients are gay. a male homosexual
6,I don't know if this movie is going to be this crazy...It's better to just watch the live ade on YouTube.
1,It's okay, but it's not up to 9.45
3,If you're British, you'd be crazy. I don't understand domestic box office hits. I've been listening to Queen's songs since I was in middle school. A few people who didn't care much about Queen suddenly made a fuss... It feels like this is pot soup.
6,It was great to show the reenactment of the live performance such as Live Aid and the composition process of the songs, but overall, I was disappointed with the distracting production and the deep story. Brian Singer is good at it sometimes, but the movie shows that he is very weak in the narrative. What would it be like if another director did it?
3,Life movie or whatever. A movie that is hypnotized, or a movie that is said to be fun because others say it is fun.a homosexual filmㅜㅜ It may vary from person to person, but personally, Eminem's 8 miles is a much better movie.
1,Please, Gay, I think I'm gonna hate this
1,I don't know. The song is good but there's no story
3,Three points is zero percent. Haha
5,It's a story about a person named Freddie who succeeds smoothly, and you have to feel great joy about success. It's going to be a fun movie, but it's just a success
4,It's fun, but you don't look like the main character at all
6,I got a high rating. Just a documentary about Queen walking.It's not that touching or fun ㅠㅠ
4,It was more boring than I thought
1,Worst... Choi! Ah...Is this a movie? It's not a documentary, it's not a movie, it's not me, it's the worst video It was hard for me to watch it until the end even as a fan. You cut the seafood soup with a bowl of rice.
1,It was all popular and imitated on TV, so this movie is life movie and crap, and I don't know who Queen is, and people say it's fun. Is it not fun? Wow, you don't even know Queen? I don't want to hear this. It's a movie that's in love with yourself because it's fun
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it too much. Honestly, it wasn't that fun
1,1212131355 Rami Malek's mouthpiece does not match the worst music and actors' performance The content is not true, but I don't understand that it is especially popular in Korea
6,Queen Val... the main actor. Good acting.Other than that, it's not that...
6,People aren't rating movies, they're rating queens. In terms of movies, it's not good for general biographies, especially mentioning the best actor is a real nonsense
5,He's a great musician, but he's so unique that if you're not a fan, the movie might not be fun...
6,The song is good, but the movie itself wasn't fun The development of the movie is very entertaining and the probability is very low.
6,Compared to the rumor, it wasn't as good as I thought
1,I can only see the armpit hair
1,Bohemian Rhapsody is an Oscar nominee
4,Fun isn't that... Honestly, it's not fun. Queen's songs are good,
2,I don't recommend it to people who are critical of homosexuality. It was disgusting
2,There are more people I like, so I think the ratings and box office hits would have been good, but I just saw it as normal. Only the music was good. And I don't like the reason why I've been occupying the screen for a long time
2,I like Queen so much, but the movie and the roles are so different.Also...the music was strangely unimpressed.Something distorted about his life and music I felt his sincerity as a musician.I couldn't even feel his music that touched me.
4,I don't think it's as good as the average score
6,I've liked Queen since I was young, but I don't understand why this movie is 10 million in 9 points. It's similar to many recent musician life stories, but the last concert doesn't even fit my mouth, and I'd rather post the original or directed it than a domestic movie
1,Queen's songs are great, but... The movie is just... First of all, it's not that fun...I gave you 1 point because you got a high rating.
4,For fans who are sad that they can't watch Queen Live, it's a great opportunity to enjoy the big screen and loud volume. If you're not a fan, the drama is normal. My buckteeth are so strong that I keep thinking about it
1,Personally, I didn't think it was funny.What is it about?
6,Honestly, this is 10 million evan
2,It's so boring and it's hard to get into character
6,A fun movie, a simple popcorn movie.
1,This movie speaks for the reason why it stinks.The movie shows Freddie's homosexuality, the agony of the party, but it didn't make it right, and it's too heavy, so the story gets loose easily because there are so many performances.
3,The development was so on and off because I was putting in this and that; there was nothing to see except the second 20 minutes, and the second 20 minutes was just a reproduction of Live Aid. It's not a very bad movie, but I really don't understand a single audience like this
6,The song was nice to listen to, but there was nothing touching about what people said. Honestly, 9 million people couldn't understand the movie.
6,Just a documentary movie. So far, there have been countless movies of this kind, and they have been using sharp standards, but they are enthusiastic, over-reacting, double standards just because Queen is the target.
6,Everyone cried and said it was fun, so I watched it with my mom.It wasn't good
2,I don't watch it because it's a queen movie with Japanese idols.  I will tell you to evaluate the movie itself, but I hate Japan so much. I don't even like Queen who idolizes them
1,For your information, men would rather watch Pleasure Dance
3,I write by revealing that I don't know Queen, I'm not reading, I'm not gay. I thought it was a music movie, but there's no drama that I can't understand unless I'm a Queen fan. A low-grade movie that packs attention-gay drug criminals like artists + a national character that turns into "all the best" when it comes to fashion
6,I was offended by the way you described me as gay
6,Queen's songs are good, but... If you only watch movies... To be honest, I don't understand 9 million.
2,I'm so tired of being gay...
4,Unfortunately, I watched Live Aid first. Touching antipathy. The movie ends well and is full of love, but the reality is not. But if the last record is true, Freddie wouldn't have died of hatred.A contrived but heartwarming film in conclusion. satisfied with it
2,It was the best movie of my life
2,I want to give you 78 points, but the rating is too low
1,I dare to talk. I like some of Queen's songs, but... Separately, the worst movie I've ever seen in 2018.
1,It was a craze, so I downloaded it and saw it, but I slept well. Why is it over 9 points?
1,A movie that gay people love. Come on...It's disgusting and dirty to kiss men in the middle and then homosexuality as if to take it for granted.When I looked up Mercury's life, it was a waste of a single point for gay himself.
6,The strategy of sacrificing the movie and putting everything into reproducing the performance
1,Except for the good songs, the content is a gutter.
6,Crazy- It's still stuck to make 10 million. - A true zombie queen
6,Despite the familiar Queen's hit parade, a simple drama with no emotion. The director's specialty is directing gay scenes, so it's especially good.
2,Just an ordinary movie. a homosexual film  In Korea, I don't know why the rating is so high when a movie about homosexuality is released. I don't like it.
5,The movie itself is just a flat piece... I wonder if this is a movie that will hit 10 million hearts. If it's half crazy and trendy, it seems to be due to the national character that goes crazy.
3,If you don't know much about Quinn, it's just a normal movie.
2,Gamification movie The Korean people are too sentimental, so this movie has a high rating. Although it was not very popular overseas, it was popular among sentimental Joseon people
1,It was so boring that I turned it off after watching it for a while. The main character was filtered out by In Seong, betrayed the team by homosexuals, and it's a mess.
2,Ugh! I hate it!
1,Personally, it's a waste of money...
1,I don't think it's funny, and I think it's dirty. I felt like I knew there were people like this
3,The acting is good and the song is good, but I wonder if the audience should have watched it this much. Is it necessary to show again that musicals, bands, and music films cannot fail in Korea? The movie is just a chronicle of characters...
6,Well, the synchro rate is good and the actors are good at acting.I don't know if it's funny enough to be praised by people around me...This is what Queen Freddie Mercury was That's enough.
2,I don't know why they're so enthusiastic about this movie. It's not good... Watching Freddie Mercury live video on YouTube is a million times better and exciting.
6,That's a good way to play a bumper harvests.
1,This is called a movie. ㅉ an awkward performance a silly computer graphic An uncomfortable overaction, etc. I heard that we got 10 million viewers in Korea. In the U.S. The UK must have seen less than 10,000 people.  Apologize to Freddie fans.
1,The tragedy of homosexuality...
4,The legend is not to be touched recklessly.
2,Is there really no actor who would play Freddie who is macho masculine yet beautiful and confident like a sick Freddie Mercury? What's with his tone and voice?Other members are amazing
1,Chocolate cream purapuccino
6,I leave a rating on Mercury's life history rather than a rating on the movie.
3,the curse of homosexuality
1,Musical success, but dirty bisexual.In the end, with AIDS...I was watching a movie and I was bisexual in the middle...Horse comes out, vomits, and runs out...I think it's right to ban it
2,I was looking forward to it. I don't know if it was a movie I don't see you again
2,The real queen of music movies is Hedwig
1,It's not worth a point. I slept well
4,I can't believe I'm ending the story in one line when the main character dies
6,Queen's music is wonderful, but is the movie itself outstanding? Applause for Queen's star
6,To be honest, it was hard to see because there were so many homosexual expressions in disgust
6,It's just that kind of movie. I wasn't funny
2,a GATS movie It's a hit because of the name value of "Queen," and the movie has nothing but a poo; it's a point, but it's a two for Queen
6,Why is it a pop song from the past?
3,Is this what he wanted, like a movie about Freddie Mercury pulling out of a coffin and destroying my body?
6,Answer the Hollywood version.
5,Live Aid is incomparably better than the actual performance video. It was highly regarded thanks to Queen's music, but the movie itself is for killing time. This high rating right now is... It seems to be confusing the rating of music with the rating of the movie itself.
4,It's a box office effect on Queen's reputation. The movie itself was a poor piece that couldn't keep up with him.
6,Honestly, it's not a movie that's going to reach 9 million... Did I expect too much?
2,I turned it off because it was dirty while watching homosexuality. I understand, but I don't want to see it with my own eyes.
1,I can fully understand why the rating is high after watching the movie. And I saw a fanatic.
2,a film that glorifies the dead with dirty gay venereal disease
1,It's not fun. - Lee Yeol-moo
6,It feels like I'm forced to fit music into the story
6,I'm sorry for the level of completion.
2,Homosexuality is the cause of AIDS
2,What are all these weird lyrics?Mom, I killed a man? What do you want me to do?
4,You're a bisexual or a homosexual?I stopped at AIDS than I did in the middle.
1,It's so boring... Bisexual? I don't like it
6,A style where expectations were high and disappointment was high
1,The parody of the music video came to the movie "Jeanor" and got an excessive rating
1,I like Mercury so much that I have several figures.Other actors show extreme synchronization.Mercury is a little punk.Where is that Mercury? It's a smurf, right?
1,You're so generous! Ha ha.
1,Give me back my time...
4,The movie was good, but the director's controversial
1,Is it mob mentality?I can't relate to gay stories
6,It wasn't as good as I expected. But Queen's songs are really good
1,It's dirty. It's a waste of 1 point
5,I really enjoyed watching it and I've been to the theater twice, but isn't it time to come down? I want to feel that emotion again through VOD at home.
1,For the last Aid concert, it's better to watch Queen on YouTube
6,Good, good, good, good, good, good
4,It's disgusting. Homosexual dirty anchor
6,It was so fast and chaotic
1,I can't believe it's a dirty movie true story all the time, leaving the vibrational music behind
5,Personally, I think it's a boring movie. I don't know what Queen or Freddie Mercury's "fan" would look like, but...If you're not interested in Queen's music, it's just a two-hour...Concert making film.
4,There aren't many detailed explanations, but the big ones feel like they're cut from Donggang River
6,For me, who knows nothing about Queen, a simple Bible without such a narrative is boring. Even when I looked into it, there were many false elements, and it's a Bible about God called Freddie Mercury. This is a boring myth, not a movie.
1,Why is the rating so high...   Is it that amazing?   The story is okay, but the fact that I tried to do the same thing is negative...   Freddy is Freddy...
2,The movie I don't like to watch at home. All the best songs I know are Queen's
1,Director GJ is a movie that the people will like
6,I love Queen and I feel good that her music is well known, but the box office success of this movie is just a marketing success...
6,A film about the life story of the legendary group Queen. Queen's music, which lasts for two hours, is also a masterpiece. The actors' passionate acting, reproduction, and the final sequence of the performance are quite good. However, it is hard to say that the movie has the charm of a darker queen.
3,It was a disappointing movie.  It was such a disappointment!
6,If you solve the big picture wrong, the movie becomes stale.
1,It's just that it's fun. It's boring and boring. It's not fun. It's a movie that I watch because I want to be an insider. It's not fun, but it's a movie that made me lie to people around me
1,I don't know how many times I closed my eyes while watching it
6,Mercury has zero synchronization  I'm not small and small like that actor My teeth are exaggerated. I can't get into it, it's not fun
1,Movies that only have good music...Especially, my teeth were exaggerated all the time, so it bothered me the most with the Gagcon and Cobic vibe
1,Listen to Queen music a hundred times rather than watch this.The actor is following me, but I can't follow the original singer...I think lip-syncing would have been better if the notes were slightly twisted
1,The movie of the soulless people trying to show off is a movie that's supposed to be touching. It's a movie that's distorted all the facts, but it's a dog pig national movie that thinks it's real. Raise your self-esteem and the movie is not true from the beginning to the breakup of Queen
2,It's not funny at all.
1,I don't watch movies made by child rapists ^^
6,It's not about Queen, it's about Freddie Mercury. Of course, Freddie Mercury had a great presence as a frontman, but the other band members were just assistants and friends in the film. Is my idea of wanting to hear the whole band's story just greed?
1,I'll give you 1 point because of your nose
6,A false example of word of mouth, a craze, but the movie is disappointing.
3,I didn't watch the movie because I was bored, but the reviews were so good that I watched it later, but it's not good
6,It's not as fun as I expected.
1,A movie that made me realize that the end of homosexuality is AIDS
6,The music was good, but the content wasn't good
5,Queen's song was so good, but I think it was too short to film Queen's life...
5,The movie itself is a well-made movie.  Five points off because homosexuality is glorified.  There's no poking scene. Can a 12-year-old watch it?
1,It's not fun at all. It's better to watch the music video
2,I don't usually sleep well, so I take sleeping supplements...Even if I don't take sleeping pills, I fall asleep while watching this...
1,It's a movie where you sleep well after 10 minutes
1,I saw that the issue was too bad on SNS YouTube, but was the expectation too much? I don't know what to be touched by
1,Who casted Namjoo? I don't look like him at all
6,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it so much.^^;
3,I don't know what's funny. The flow was cut off and the sudden scenes felt uncomfortable. Just a YouTube performance video is better.
6,a film dedicated to Mercury for Queen
2,I watched the performance video many times, and I didn't want to go see the fake main character in the trailer. I listened to Queen's songs many times. I was so happy when Queen's song under pressure came out on the street once. Why is Korea particularly obsessed with movies? I don't like it
6,Should I do it again? I don't understand the rating. Except for the last charity concert, Hong Joon Pyo, like you said, gay movie. I was touched when Freddie said, "MAMA!" My review is... It's just famous rice soup
4,You're really doing it until the end to go over 10 million!
1,I don't understand why the rating is so high It's just boring.
1,The rating is too high. I watched it on TV because it was so noisy, and it was so different from Mercury that I knew, even though I imitated Queen. The song has a different voice, but people who say the same thing cannot understand it.
4,All these low-key movies, they promote themselves as if they're in religion
5,Awkward flow of direction, lack of charisma, excessive front teeth
1,I watched it because people who don't know the music kept sucking it, but I turned it off after 20 minutes of looking at the past
2,The rating is too high. Did you work out? It's a movie rating, not a character or music rating.  Nam Joo's front teeth make her expression and lines awkward, and she looks stiff and not natural in copying Mercury's gesture.  It could have been made better, but the director's lack of ability.
4,Besides the fact that it's about Queen's life story, I can't give you three stars because the movie itself has poor visuals, story composition, etc
2,Let's stop. I'm about to cry
6,Honestly, it's not a 10-point movie It was just worth watching. If it wasn't as good as I thought, lip-syncing was like that
1,I don't know why this movie is such an evaluation. When Freddie Mercury pinched Jim Ngding and they ended up kissing and gushing, I wondered what this movie was about.
1,It's worth six points, but it's just to adjust the ratings that the Queen buffs messed up.
1,I've only collected what women like. Gay conflict, male friendship, male bands, concerts... It's a female queer movie pretending to be a music movie, right? Search for Sugar Man sounds more dramatic and fun
2,I don't know why they're throwing unusual movies at the public and hurting their mental health The movie doesn't resonate and the media is ruining all the growing teenagers, so wake up before you get a hell of a punishment later on, underneath the eagle, under the thumb, homosexuals
1,It's crazy that this is ten million.  I got it for 300 won.  Five points are perfect.  1 point for a high score
2,I don't feel so good after watching the movieno lingering feelings
6,Good. The song is good, and the background and props are great
6,I didn't expect it to be this big of a hit in my point of view
1,Knowingly, drunk see, did a line.
6,It was good to listen to Queen's music evenly, but the movie was not that good.The storyline is distracting and shows a sloppy editing by skipping.A movie that disappoints director Brian Singer.It reminded me of Oliverton's "The Doors" in 1991 and I looked it up again
1,The producers say they cast a movie star who looks like Freddie, but it's a completely unbecoming miscast. Freddie in his prime is masculine and tough, but the main character in the movie is childish.It's just Yoo Ah Tik... Starting with the height ratio... eye attack
1,-- It's not fun. I only remember sleeping
1,Korean people feel so caught up in rumors.
2,There are many things that are not easy to relate to
3,The movie was made by OO I felt that it was OO because of the forced development and editing I don't know what the movie was trying to show Freddie Mercury and I don't know what the focus is on Freddie Mercury is great and the movie looks good
6,Although it is a decent movie, having 9.8 million viewers shows how sensitive Koreans are to crowd psychology and how many perversions watch one movie more than five times. That's 9.8 million. I think it's about 3 million, except for those perversives
1,I was sleeping for 30 to 40 minutes and came out of the theater in disgusting scenes of homosexuality. It's amazing that we get 10 million hearts
3,The movie doesn't have to be a documentary, if you like it this much...But it's so different from the real thing that it's so distracting.(Laughing)
1,Did I expect too much from the positive reviews?Not really... 40 minutes is so boring, it's fun only when Bohemian rap sounds and We Will Lak You come out, but I hate the obvious conflict stories in the music movie and the miserable words of homosexuality. The last performance ends after trying to be fun for 14 minutes.Tired of being a star isborn, unimpressed as a great showman
1,Rating required not more than 9 points than
1,That's not funny I got in trouble because I couldn't concentrate
5,Solka Freddie Mercury doesn't look like him at all...Your voice is not at all of a sudden! All I could think of was Bournemouth, 질zil
1,The achievements of Queen and Freddie Mercury are really great, but the movie is really boring and boring. Even Freddie's life story should have been more interesting.
5,It's really touching to see your passion for music. My armpit hair was so annoying. (Laughing)
6,■ Great songs The content and story progression are simple~ Becoming a star, going to ruin, and making the last fire~ ■ Park Pyo-gi, do you eat? LOL
2,It's a movie with a lot of bubbles. Korea is a strange country. a fashion-conscious and self-conscious Many people may have been fooled by the advertisement, but the story is corny and low in perfection in a typical packaged commercial film. The number of Korean visitors is particularly higher than in Europe. Let's live individually like a band queen.
1,gay and gay
1,What masterpiece... The development itself is something that elementary school students can make
6,It was kind of boring and bad to express Queen, but it was nice to know that she was a legend once again
1,Mercury's music is good, but I don't think he's a legend. Legend is the title that both the social self and the personal self are given to the perfect person. It's not a secret that there are a lot of exaggerated parts in music and performance.
4,Honestly, it was the best. a movie that is overrated because of the trend
2,It's not fun. It's just a movie that shows Mercury
6,A true artist! The melody that still lingers in my ears
5,The story is not good.Unprobably boring.
6,It's just a movie where a gay man with a natural talent for singing ends up dying of AIDS? ...I don't know why he's crazy about this movieDid he want to tell you that his life as a gay is lonely?Life on a dirt spoon is 100 times sadder and lonelier
6,It's just a movie for the last Live Aid performance. Overall, it's not good
6,If I hadn't been gay, I wouldn't have AIDS and I would have lived long ㅠㅠ
1,Never watch anyone who likes Queen. I should've known this movie since the paps set it up, but it's not the Queen movie. I'm so disappointed
1,1 point that's too high
1,My eyes are so high after watching the great showman, it's so boring And the gamification poo hate AIDS needs to go away
3,If you enjoy this movie at the concert hall, it's not even a song, but a movie is less fun than the animal kingdom. It would be more fun to listen to Queen of the Animal Kingdom. I listen to a lot of songs, but it's kind of lame to watch a movie. Let's just enjoy Queen's songs with our ears
4,As a movie, its value is zero. I'd rather look for live performances or music
5,To be honest, it's not a good movie. I think I'll just say Queen music or Freddie Mercury.  I couldn't even bring the music to the screen. It's much more touching to watch a music video with Bohemian Rhapsody
1,Do you think you're special?Where in the world do you get 10 points?Directing? Touching? If you sing well and write songs well?Is there a lesson in his life?Michael Jackson of the Beatles is on the move. I don't agree with one thing, just admit Mercury's passion
1,It's disgusting to eat poo worms and beautify and chew. I feel pretty, too, and movies with PC on them always have high ratings. Does giving 10 points to a movie with a PC on it improve your personality?
1,Is it because the reviews are so good that I looked forward to it?It was so bad. The movie felt so cool.There was no proper explanation, and the last concert scene was too lip-syncing and the shape of the mouth was so weird.It's just a movie that blames the Queen's name
6,The last scene of the concert worked hard.It's not fun at all
1,an insufferable gamified movie
1,Galileo! Galileo!
1,I saw it because it had a good rating, and I thought it was definitely not in the 9th grade. The second half of the movie was personally very unpleasant--
5,I wish I'd focused more on Queen's music than on Mercury's life history
5,I don't think it's a movie that will give you this high rating. Queen is great, but. The story of the movie is a bit sloppy. You just gave a rating to people who don't know how to watch movies with just one song?
1,Can't you smell Ddongkkko?
6,As expected, 10 million movies become moderately good, moderately sloppy movies.
2,Gay advocacy film wrapped in a music movie. It was unpleasant throughout the movie with male kissing scenes
1,This movie can be defined in only two letters.." Gay "
3,I don't know what's funny. I just downloaded it and watched it. - I'm sleepy and I can't relate to it. I've heard a lot of songs, but the movie is very boring and sleepy. Why are there so many people watching this at the movies?  If I went to the movie theater, I would have regretted it a lot.;  Frozen is more fun
1,be boring and boringAh, ah, ah.
5,Personally, it was just so-so Maybe it's because I don't know the times.
6,The movie was definitely out of 10. If I had known it was BL, I wouldn't have seen it. It was a bit disappointing.
3,It's just so-so... It's not a movie that'll get 10 million viewers, but the number of viewers keeps building up because Sing-along + fans are buying 10 million tickets and not actually going.What's the point of that? It's crazy on the Internet, but there are no people around me who actually went to see it. Everyone says it's crazy
6,Maybe it's because I watched too many previews and parodies, but I think I'm less into it.T
4,Well, the discomfort throughout the movie is sloppy at the end and what was the movie about? As a fan of Queen for a long time, I was full of regrets I think it would be better to watch the live ade video on YouTube.
6,Like a burning candle
1,The ending is kind of empty. I don't think it's a movie that can be this popular
1,Let's stop getting off now. Download it.T
1,I shouldn't have seen it. It's just
4,I think I know why it didn't hit the box office except for England. It is regrettable that director Lee's directing ability, which is a chronic problem. The live ade scene wasn't very impressive either.Not as good as other music. The Queen is nothing less than a senseless movie.
6,A movie that Queen fans would like. If you know Queen's music in moderation, you can watch it in moderation. It's just a movie that doesn't make a difference in itself.
1,He said he was the one who got trailed for doing too much dungkko.You've been watching gay people
1,6 to 7 points is enough, but the score is too highQueen and the movie are separate
1,I was a little uncomfortable because I focused too much on homosexuality (more than half of the male actors were gay
1,I think this is playing for too long.
3,It was just like that. There's no cinematic dramatic element. It was difficult because I was gay. The story is a little weak to film. It might be fun if you like Queen music. I don't like Queen's music either.
4,Only Queen's music is memorable.
6,I don't think it's enough for me to rave about it. No matter how many times I looked at it, it was just as good
6,It's good. It's a late review
6,Brian Singer who took Queen, the best rock band, and made a queer movie!If the other director was in charge...
5,I don't know if I'm the only one who's going to be weird.Honestly, it wasn't that fun.There's a lot that's different from what I know, and there's a lot of confusion, and... It's kind of weird that Freddie Mercury is the only one who's getting attention. Well, I was just like that
1,Is it a gay movie? Why do the directors and actors keep making gay movies and creating an atmosphere of media support and advocacy?
6,I was a queen fan, well made and worth watching, but is this a movie that's rated at 9 and worth 10 million people?Korean new keys are amazing
2,Unbelievably fast development. Team composition and songwriting are unbelievably fast. Live ade scenes are not good either. Bohemian Rhapsody, which is also written as the title, is less than a few minutes long. I've been here for years. Too bad. When others say so, the rats are overflowing. It's something that pigs would like
6,Oh, I'm on my way to Redio, goo, goo, goo! Diroro lorora lol ooh all right! Mommy! It keeps ringing in my ears
4,I didn't know it was a gay movie ㅜㅜ My eyes ㅜㅜ
1,A low-grade movie that makes life sound like a gay man with AIDS
1,I really agree. Although there were many disappointing parts, such as cinematic perfection and psychological portrayal of Prady Mercury, the queen paps press the public sentiment like crazy if they only get one point of comments. Put your hand on your chest and think, is this a movie with a rating of 9.48?
4,I like Queen's songs, but is this a movie that will get more than 9 points? An objective evaluation is required.  Fans are just fans.
6,The movie isn't that attractive, but I liked the live ade scene
4,Music difficulties, 10 letters, 10 letters
4,Everyone said they enjoyed it, so I was really looking forward to it, but it wasn't that fun. I was rather bored. But I realized that Queen was amazing. It's a movie about a person and a group's life, so it can be boring
6,It was an opportunity to bring back memories
4,The song is really good~~
6,The gay code didn't work, but the concert was overwhelming
1,You don't know English. You made a drama game. You'd rather watch the performance than watch the movie
1,I'm not impressed. Maybe it's because I don't like movies like this
1,The kissing scene was disgusting. It wasn't a 1 point score, but the rating was too high
4,It's like arson. The blood of the Korean people flows in the movie
5,It's just a small thing
6,Acting, music, directing was good, but the story was somewhat... If it was disappointing...
1,It's been three months since I've been playing it for more than 10 million
4,Was my expectation too high?Huh.
6,There's nothing special about it
6,Will it be 10 million or not?
2,Why are you watching this? It's not fun
6,I like artists, but I don't have much empathy for homosexuality.
1,Personally, I don't like gay people, so I was offended by the homosexual scene. Oh, of course, this is my personal opinion.
1,It wasn't fun because it wasn't my favorite genre
6,The documentary about Queen from the BBC is better
6,Let's just get the song out and go. Let's not look alike in life.
4,It's nice and thankful that there are 10 million music movies
2,No way. This movie is looking for 10 million? Is this fun? Hah, hah, hah.
1,The case of movie perfection is very low, but it became a masterpiece because of masterpieces
6,a shallow attempt to make up for the shallow depth and lack of film with masterpieces and stage reproductions
1,It's a waste of half a star. Nosamo or Korean traditional "Everyone" and sing along
1,Bohemi Absodi isn't doing it for too long
6,It wasn't as good as I expected, but good!
4,Joyo(((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))oo((*^▽^*))o
6,This is the only thing I could do with Queen. A work that shows too much of a low intention to just ride a PC coin with a legend that commands infinite respect from the bands. And it's just Freddie Mercury's life story
4,I like Queen music, so I watched it, but it's not more than I expected
6,I think it can disappoint existing Queen fans. But it's a movie that's more than the last 20 minutes to make up for all that. I didn't expect to watch the live ade for 6,000 won.
2,No matter how much you think after the movie, I don't know what you saw.
4,It's just a re-enactment of Queen Concert. 20 minutes before the movie started to stink."But the music is good." "Spring."
1,There is no probability in the story and no emotion in the concert.
1,Gay movies... ㅠㅠ Hate
6,No, this isn't a movie that's going to hit 10 million. This is crazy. What's wrong with my kimchi grit?
6,Other people must make it
6,It's a good movie for those who knew Queen and those who didn't
1,I don't really like this genre.
6,9.47 Look at the level of bubbles. The level of sensitivity manipulation of the thumbs up... It's a six-point movie
6,I guess my expectations were too high ㅜㅜ
1,To be honest, the content of a good movie is no fun yawn a lot, so I don't recommend watching it with my family or lovers. Queen is a baby boomer born in 50s. After watching Cho Yong-pil's movie, teenagers go crazy. Conclusion: Gay no fun, listen to music for free on YouTube
4,I'm trying to force myself to reach 10 millionI just enjoyed watching it, but...It's not true that I'm going to watch it twice or three times
5,I guess I exceeded my expectations. I don't think it was as fun as I thought.Yawning in the middle.It was a shame that I couldn't say much because it was a short time.
4,70% queer, 20% drama, 10% music
5,There's not enough narrative. The music video is good.
1,It is an industrial waste film by Brian Singer. At that time, it was a movie made by the perpetrator of the Me Too movement, so I cut the horoscope with one point. It's annoying to see a movie made by the MeToo movement perpetrator hit the box office. It's not going to work like this. It is an industrial waste film by Brian Singer.
1,What the hell did you do that for? You don't want to talk? We don't want to see each other anymore?
1,I looked forward to it after the grade, but it's not good enough
4,It's not fun, but I'm raising the score
4,The story part of the movie is not enough. The musical part was nice to listen to, but... I don't think it's too bad. But is it Singalong Hall? The last-minute crazy girl?They jumped out in front of the audience and did OO, so they couldn't even watch the last 20 minutes. Don't you manage it at the theater?
1,I like Queen's music, but Freddie Mercury's personal story is abhorrent
6,The story is not fun. The setting is too childish. All you need to see is the live ade performance
6,The song was fun, but the story wasn't good enough.
6,It was worth watching.
6,A boring movie for those who don't care much about Queen.
6,The movie itself is...
1,People complimented me so much that I wasn't going to watch it, but I just got on the last train and it was really boring 1 point is a waste
2,Can't you see this? Yeah, I don't watch it's
6,One of the overrated films 'Queen' Vocal Mercury's life isn't the focus, it's the music, it's not the focus, it's the commercial film that focuses more on Mercury's sexual orientation and sex life
6,It feels like the production is cutting off. I agree with the last performance
1,It's okay, but the reactions of the comments are disgusting, so 1 point
1,It's totally no fun. ㅠㅠcrying
3,It's too long. I was sleepy. Except for the performance scene and making good music, it was just so and so long. I thought about getting up and going. It would have been a waste if I paid for it. The rating is too high. Why do gay people have beards there? Is it a trend?
6,It wasn't my cup of tea, but the story was good and the movie was easy.
2,It was a documentary music movie. I didn't go to see the concert. Too bad
1,No fun. What kind of movie is going so smoothly? There's hardly any crisis in the middle
1,I'm sure it's not funny at all, but I copied Rhapsody in Hungary
6,The music was good, but the actor who played Freddie Mercury is so awkward.
2,Ah, I remember when Huredy hyung came to Korea, it was like a playroom.
1,Trash movie... Don't look
1,No fun... Why is this disgusting gay movie going for 10 million?
6,If you liked the song, you would have enjoyed it, but personally, the story isn't that fun... Singing while kissing. Touching your butt. Like this. But I'm pretty good at making it, so about 8.2?
4,I agree that the movie queen was a legend, but the movie is not a legend, but the last performance is a great scene!!
1,That's too much foam. It's not 9.49 points honestly
1,It wasn't as good as I thought, so the score was too high, so 1 point
1,Am I the only one who didn't have fun?I slept before the concert.
5,If I'm not impressed, there are many scenes that are difficult to watch because it's a gay movie, and I think it's just a concert rather than a movie.
1,A very bad movie that encourages you to be gay, bad for teenagers
1,I'll give you one point
1,I'll lower the rating.I should've seen Aquaman ㅜㅜ
6,As expected, Queen's music is so cool even when I listen to it now
6,Stop getting off now!!!
6,The content was a bit boring. I'm so touched when I perform!
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it a lot, but it wasn't as fun as I thought
6,It's fun. But the movie theater was so noisy that I was disappointed.crying
6,Actually, I like Queen's music, but people around me said it was fun, so I watched it, but it's very boring. I'll give you 6 points because it's well-organized. And homosexual Neuhara Tonaum.
1,Everyone says it's fun, but I'm the only one who didn't watch it, so I finally watched It was really bad. Is it true that you saw this two or three times?  I only remember my front teeth. I hate it
2,No fun, no fun, no fun, you're not fun
5,a case of failure to seal the poverty of narratives and characters with music
1,be nothing more than a celebrity
6,The movie is corny, but the music is the best!
2,The arrogant and debauchery life of a genius singer and AIDS...I was lucky to attend a strong concert...That's all it's got to do with a crap movie
1,Ah really boring movie...I don't understand how this is over 9...I saw the movie review site in the U.S. and it wasn't that good...I was so into NAVER's bubble rating is amazing
6,[2018-12-30/23:00] The film's texture is not good enough, but the joy of listening to Queen's songs and the last Live Aid performance really hit the spot.
1,Queen's legendary songs are good, but I regret paying for this stuff, such as drugs in the game. I couldn't get immersed and disgusted because of the main character who lived such a dirty life.I can see why movies are not interested in the mainland either. It's a victory for Korean marketing. a rubbish movie
4,Until when is it showing?
1,Your rating is too high
2,The worst movie in my life.I don't know if it's a gay movie, but there's nothing to watch except the last scene... It's a waste of a star.I should've seen you at home. Spend your time. Spend your money. ㅉㅉ
1,Don't go to sing-along (Yongsan, Yeongdeungpo, etc.) unless you're a Queen fan I can't concentrate fully on the movie and Queen music. And I'm not sure if he's going crazy
1,The trailer was over, and the YouTube live was more fun, tambourning in the audience, and the Queen couldn't concentrate at the end
1,Don't watch it unless you're a Queen fan or a LGBT
6,I'm bored ㅜㅜ Only the last one is cool
6,The monotonous storytelling was for the final scene.
4,To be honest, I think it's terrible in terms of film. It may have been because the story was captured in a limited amount of time, but I can't keep up with the actors' emotions and the story's probability.If it weren't for Queen's music and popularity, I wouldn't have succeeded. I liked the song, so I got 4 stars
1,King over Queen. King Booker
4,I haven't seen it yetcrying
6,It's not that fun. Bubbles, s1var
5,Honestly, it's not a movie to lick. Nor is it a group that should be. Artists shouldn't be Jesus, but critics are now licking people for fear of being culled if they don't lick them, and the public is brainwashed to be a fanatic and have to lick them
1,Bisexualism is coming out. I hate it
4,It wasn't fun except for the last one
6,Except for Mercury, the other members' synchronization is amazing. The live ade scene really felt like I was on set  It came out even before our debut, so I felt a bit distracted because the story was so implied. But in Live Ade... Wow!
1,It's a documentary that saved the last 20 minutes. You didn't know what everyone knew, did you? He asks. A movie that was all over Brian May and Live Aid, of course, wasn't a waste of money just for Live Aid
5,Mercury is a piece of human waste. 1)Late appointments, 2) scruffing without parental consent, 3) betraying group members for money, 4) dirty homosexuality, AIDS, alcohol, and drugged Payne. Why do we have to see this guy as a cool guy?
6,I don't know if it's because I saw it with too much expectation, but it felt like the plot kept cutting off.
4,How can it exceed 9 million? I admit it's a masterpiece
6,I think the rating is too high. I don't think the actor who played Freddie Mercury did very well. It's so feminine and funny that it's not enough to feel cool.
4,It's cool, but it's a movie about a musician's hero. A movie to watch the last scene
1,Is it a sleeping movie?
6,Good. If it's so fun, it's lingering.Stay
1,I watched it because I liked Queen's songs, not because I wanted to know Freddie Mercury's gay life.Half of the movie's content is useless. Just a few songs, like a gay story, a queen songs
6,It's good for your ears. But the homosexual part is not 12 years old
1,I'm not going to reach 10 million, but I think the timing is good
6,I'm a bit sleepy in the middle. I can't get into it because the main actor doesn't have much synchronization
5,To be honest, it's never a 9.5 film. I was so bored.I dozed off while watching.But the last half hour was good. There's no movie to watch except for the ending
6,I don't think it's enough to make a fuss I know it's hard to express everything in 2 hours and 24 minutes, but it's disappointing.The music is just fun
1,It's not a 9.5 point movie
1,Boring...
4,I don't know if the song will be good... It's just a crazy story about a good singer.
4,We'd better raise the ratingIt's like a good idea.It's a shame that the conflict with gender identity was highlighted. It was nice to listen to Queen's music
6,I watched a movie~~~
6,I enjoyed it. I wanted to see you perform more
1,What is this? A bisexual movie?Gay movies? Packaging and spraying
6,The last scene was so good. But a movie that doesn't fit me
6,I feel like I'm more into Queen than movies
1,It's not fun... Don't watch it. Everyone says it's fun, but it's not fun at all
6,I can't believe there's a family movie starring Freddie Mercury!
1,Personally, I didn't like the movie. I knew it was famous, but I didn't know what it was about. It was like the autobiography of Freddie Mercury, the lead vocalist of the band Queen. A film to commemorate one person or a group.
1,If Quinn were a Korean band in the first place, he'd be treated as a pervert killer just because he died of AIDS.
1,Is this worth 10 million? LOL
4,Bored and unimpressed
1,It's just the Queen ElectricThis song was their song. It was a good song
2,It's boring, but Queen's songs are good
1,I regret watching the dog trash homogay movie
1,It's a fairly high-rated piece of gay rubbish. Only the music is good.
6,Well, I'm sure it's a legend, but I'm sorry the process isn't very expressive
2,It's not fun, but I keep singing. I'm so touched that I'm dying
6,I don't know if it's great in terms of cinematic quality. Just enough to watch
6,People say it's a life movie.But it wasn't my favorite movie.However, I didn't want to know Queen in detail after watching the movie. Respect for personal taste
4,You should know that this impression is not from the movie, but from Queen.
6,Good, good, good, good, good, good
1,Nine out of ten men with a mustache are gay. I don't know the reason for the hit, as if it's just a movie to listen to music
6,It was worth watching. It was sad that the music was cut off
1,Running and mustache. I don't want protruding eyes
6,It's just so-so. Honestly...
1,Freddie Mercury Gay Dies From AIDS
6,It's not my favorite movie
6,The directing of simply listing the episodes has become so lazy, but the impact of the final performance is clear
6,Queen's songs are amazing
1,I've liked Quinn since I was a kid. If you look at the movie itself, it's... Anyone who knows Quinn... That's what everyone thinks.
6,To be honest, the movie itself was great. The Korean people are leaning towards me... At the time, Queen wasn't that popular in Korea
3,Honestly, except for the last live ade, it was boring This is "R"
6,The synchro rate is all good, but honestly, it's obvious that there's a scene where you can't help but get bored and conflict going. Of course, it's a movie like that. There's no thrill because you don't know any Queen songs. If you really like Queen, go!
1,Don't look at me. I can't go over 10 million.
6,It was nice to be able to see Queen in a kind movie, but the sound wasn't that loud.
2,The story that drags on is really fun??
1,I'm bored.. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
6,The song is good, but the story is just...
4,I don't know why this is such a hot topic and a hit.The movie is just a main character who can't get immersed in the secret...Are you impressed with the sound and screen because you've never seen a band performance live?I love Queen rock music and I like it, but I don't know about movies
2,A glorified movie~~~~~B.B
2,It feels like I brought back the forgotten memories
1,Gay guy is coming out. Where is this?
4,Honestly, the movie itself isn't very interesting. It's like Queen Pong
1,Freddie Mercury, a gay documentary
1,A movie that praises gay people apart from music.ㅉㅉㅉ
1,I really don't know why it's fun. Sleep ㅠㅠ Spring for no reason
1,--...,...ㅈㅈ
1,I expected something like La La Land, but shocking homosexuality and shocking AIDS. I expected it because my friends said it was touching, but I was confused
1,AIDS, the height of corruption, is not art, but money-making...
4,It's definitely not a movie with such a high rating. It's just that I'm burying in the Queen. I would rather watch the live performance of Live Aid.
2,I guess I'm the only one who's not funny.
4,This is the number of audience because of one performance production
6,Performance directing lacks the ability of directors and writers to interpret and reproduce perfect scores or characters. It's hard to follow the story and I can't understand it. Sleep in the middle.
1,I don't know why it's so funny.I really didn't want to waste time. It's a movie about an unknown star singer suffering from star disease and AIDS, is it that fun?
4,I don't like it, honestly, but why did you put it up? They don't even watch 100,000 movies.
6,It's not a movie to watch twice. I'm glad the heroine is a goddess
6,Is it that bad? You've seen more than the UK?
5,The last 15 minutes were good. Boring movie.
6,The score is this high? I didn't like the directing was bad
6,The rating is too high. It's just a normal movie.
1,Mary doesn't understand - what's the point of going to Mercury and giving him room?I mean, she's lonely, but she picked up a fire, caught AIDS, and died prematurely at 45 because Mary was pregnant with another man and had a family, and she was the only one
6,The music was fun but not fun.
2,- The worst. - The worst.Ida.
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,Sigh... Please do this. I wish you'd stop making it.It's 5 points, but it's 9.5, so I give you 1 point to get the rating.
4,Not really. It's better to watch Freddie Mercury live on YouTube.
1,It is popular only in our country. It was not Lee Jeong-don, but it is true that it is a real country
2,A life that wrapped up homosexuality looking beautiful but ended up with AIDS.
6,It's okay. It's okay
1,I wasn't touched. Honestly, I don't think it's a good grade.
1,I'm not a fan of Queen, but if I was a fan of Queen, I would have been angry because I felt like I used Queen. The song is good and Queen is good, but the story is really cut off
1,I've been watching shows and stuff, but it's not fun for me
2,I dozed off and woke up when the song came out.
1,I saw it a long time ago. You don't look good right now.
6,The music is good, but I can't really relate to it
6,The movie wasn't as good as I expected. Only Queen's music seems great.
6,The musical part was good but boring.
5,It's not fun, but the song is good.
1,The music is just good. The movie itself is a bit disappointing
6,It was so boring Boredom itself
6,Music is widely known, so it will give you the best rating. But it was a pity that he seemed to focus his life on being too gay and too colored.
6,I felt a bit pressured T
6,Good, good... If there was more music...
6,There's no queen. There's only Freddie Mercury. Is it because I was looking forward to it?
6,The last one was impressive, but if it wasn't, I guess I was looking forward to it too much
4,A movie that Queen fans wouldn't like. As if Queen was all Freddie Mercury, as if the rest of the members were nuts
6,It was a good performance, but it wasn't a good movie.
6,I wasn't as good as I expected, but I don't have an eye for watching movies
2,If you don't know the ball queen, you can shudder, but that's it.
2,I don't like it. I don't like it's not good
2,Blinded by dirty movies; regretted watching a film that had hidden and distorted Freddie's bisexual debauchery life from Queen members. Just listening to music is enough. If you watch it again, even if you give me 100,000 won, I don't want to remember it. The worst movie I've ever seen.ㅠㅠㅠ
2,The song was good. I couldn't understand the characters' choices and judgments. The story was a mess. I was disappointed because I expected it to be as good as La La Land
6,The adaptation of the movie was so bad that I felt uncomfortable. Brian May's performance of the opening song of 20th Century Fox was the most impressive.I think the movie is just a preview that makes you wonder about Queen.
1,one of the overrated films
6,It was just so- Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?
6,The movie that has the best ears this year! 100% touching story with songs...I'm not sure.
1,I avoided the drug lord, but I couldn't avoid it
6,I think I went to the concert
1,It was all good, but the AIDS kiss was disgusting.
6,It's fun. If it's fun, it's okay
6,It's a rated puffed rice movie.below expectations
1,Honestly, it was a bit boring.I don't understand, I don't want to understand why I got 12.I really like Queen's band and I love their songs, but this movie is disgusting.I've been watching this movie with my girlfriend for three days
6,The word "boiled egg tang" in caviar would be more appropriate for this movie
1,Poor story. Freddie's mouth is so protruding that I can't get into it
6,The content was really boring and the song was really good. It was amazing that the female character of Sing Street came out here, and it was pretty
5,Freddie Mercury's musical talent was outstanding, but I was saddened and moved to tears by the way he regretted the end of life he had chosen If I hadn't lived like that, I'd have lived a long time
6,The story of the song is good, but gay kiss is 12 years old, right?
6,A dead body movie without a song. If the song isn't original, isn't it worse than The Greatest Showman? The sublime meaning of remembrance of a great person does not make the film sublime.
1,I tried to give him 7 points, but the rating was too high, so I gave him 1 point.
1,I didn't know a guy named Freddie Mercury, but I didn't want to know that he was gay and died of AIDSFreddie Mercury TMI movie
6,I don't know if it's a music movie.
1,I watched it because they said it was fun. But it wasn't fun for me
4,It is not good for movies such as story and acting.It's not touching, it's not fun.It's like I'm reading an autobiography. That's not fun either...I like Queen's songs, but...
2,What's so touching and funny? Bubbles. I admit that music is good, but is it a gay movie?
5,The song is really good to listen to even now.
2,There's a lot of errors. Before the live ade performance, Freddie didn't know that he was an AIDS patient. If EMI representative didn't oppose the fictional queen work, it would have a good dramatic effect, but there's a lot more to say it differently
6,In the most important story, the movie alone scored 6 points due to lack of impact, but as a fan of Queen, it is meaningful to be able to watch Queen's performance for the first and last time in the place where the base rings
6,The critic's rating is correct.A movie that's not very impressive.I think those born in the 1960s would agree
4,Hard Bill Steps for Live Aid
2,Why is this so touching? I don't like it
6,I wish there was more music.It's a bummer
4,The scenes weren't as smooth as they got The similar music movie Star Is Born was scripted for each scene, so I could understand why it was like this, but this movie was a rock band, a concert, and a homosexual And I held it in, but I slept at the end
6,The music itself was good. But it was hard to watch because I put too much effort into homosexuality, AIDS, and promiscuous life. It's a shame that all the family would have enjoyed it if it was directed in a brighter atmosphere. My family has different likes and dislikes.
2,Honestly, it's not a movie worth watching two or three times, but behind the spectacular scenes, it's a cigarette that I didn't let go of my wild life. As if I'm suffocating, I end up getting AIDS. I don't know what's touching
1,Worst movie ever... Wake up and be sensible.
2,I should have seen something else.
1,It's a movie that doesn't taste good.
1,I don't think it's a score like this
6,My feet can't stay still22
1,A movie that was so boring. I fell asleep while watching it with my friend. Only Queen fans will like it. Literally, it wasn't funny and touching.
1,Interstellar, Bohemian Rhapsody, both of which were exceptionally popular in Korea. Crowd mentality: "If others are funny, everyone is funny." Bohemian Rhapsody = a dung-kko movie.Only the last part was worth watching, and four of the five high schoolers sitting next to me slept 20 minutes after the start.I'd rather watch Peach Perfect 1
6,The part where I lost focus in the middle was too long
1,It's not good. It's not as good as I expected
1,Don't be fooled by the score It's the second time I've been snatched since Clementine.
6,It brings back old memories
5,It was fun in the early and late stages of the movie after more than two hours, but it was quite boring in the middle, so I took out my watch to see when it would end.
1,1 point. It's so boringThere was someone who left in the middleI was going to go out, but it was a waste of money so I watched itI slept for about 30 minutes in the beginning, and I couldn't sleep
6,The movie is just worth watching and it's fine. No, it's fun. As far as I'm concerned, an old bonehead fan of all Queen's By the way! This movie reminds me of Dewar of a Korean who is obsessed with sensibilities, collectiveism, and totalitarianism as if she knew everything about Queen and Freddie
6,I didn't like the rest of the movie where the song was just fun
1,Bohemian Rhapsody, a song full of fears about the upcoming referee, is making this movie because dark forces, like Freddie, are afraid of the upcoming referee, are trying to create as many companions as possible to fall into the abyss. I'm blindly in love with you know
6,I guess I was really looking forward to it. But it was fun
2,I don't know.
1,People who say this is fun. ㅉㅉ
4,People who say it's funny are dogs.Everyone is saying that it is fun because everyone else is having fun with Flexibo. It is not a popular movie except in Korea and England, but it is said that it is fun to ride water. It was worth watching in the beginning, but it was so uncomfortable to see the main character swept away by Gay.
6,A movie that fills the poor cultural consciousness of Koreans because they don't want to see Queen Mania
1,It's not funny. I don't know why you compliment me so much
1,I think it was boring.
6,I don't like the drama of the queen.To be satisfied with the queen's music.
2,It's not as good as you think. If you look forward to it, you regret
6,It was not my generation's work, but I was less moved, but I enjoyed it because there were more songs I knew than I thought.
6,It's a movie that lingers in my mind, but it's not that fun
6,A movie that is only popular in Korea.Personally, I wish...Everyone says it's so much fun
6,I like Queen's songs, so I watched them out of curiosity. All the actors and staff worked hard, but only Queen's songs were good.
6,The cat is cute.~~^^
1,It's a movie where gay people sing
1,First of all, I want to lower the rating because I'm disappointed with the main actor's face.
6,I'm so moved. I'm so into it
6,The reviews are so good. Queen has 200 points, but the movie itself has 6 points.If it wasn't for the last 20 minutes of concert, I would have been in big trouble!All the songs were great
6,It's not going to be awesome. Breathing at the concert? A hero's life story? Precious music? The queer part? Everyone feels a little lacking
6,Did I expect too much? I watched it without worrying about what would happen if my shoulders would move on their own, but it wasn't to that extent. I can't get rid of the feeling that the marketing and queen craze was right and I was tricked
6,Queen's song is good, but the movie isn't that good. If you don't care, you get 6 points.I'm thrilled. I love the song.
1,Now that we clapped, let's let them go. Don't tell me we're going to be hanging in the movie theater again in 2019,
1,Others say it's good, but personally it's not fun. 20 OOO is the least interesting movie I've ever seen. I'm glad to hear a song that I only know
4,It's good that the music is good and the performance is expressed well, but the gay material and the story is real, so it's predictable... Everyone says it's their favorite movie. I don't know...
6,More than you think... It's a bit... For a syndrome,
6,The song was good, but it was a bit loose in the middle
6,I've been a huge fan since I was youngIt's a shame that Queen's story is a little different from what I know
2,I was bored listening to music
1,I fell asleep because it wasn't fun, but when I woke up, I was gay
2,If there wasn't a gay story...  It's too bad.
5,I could see how easily people were instigated
1,It's a boring movie. It's a waste of money and time
6,Less than expected~ I don't like movies
2,Ten pigs upstairs who didn't even know pop because of this movie are playing "Bohemian Rhapsody" over and over again. It's crazy -- I hope it cools down as much as it boils
1,It was nice to be able to listen to the performance and music, but... an uncomfortable movie
5,I didn't... I almost fell asleep. It's my personal preference
1,Everyone was looking forward to it because it was so much fun
6,I was excited and happy because I felt like I had been to a concert, but I felt that the story was not convincing and lukewarm because it did not directly illuminate the main character's agony or the team's growth process.
6,I can't really relate to it.He's good at singing
6,I can't get out of my mouth.
6,I think I was looking forward to it because the reviews were so good. But everyone watched the movie, so I joined the trend! ~~
1,Is it not fun?
2,I was so shocked to see two guys kissing each other who looked like they could cut meat well. If it was more shocking than watching a woman in a movie theater, she would have died early because she said she wasn'
6,It's as vivid as watching a concert in front of your eyes!
1,1 point. Sona's Rhapsody
6,Well, it was really good to play music, but the content was cool, so it's not bad to watch it once on the weekend
1,The music was good, but... To be honest, I don't understand why it's such a boring story. I'd rather watch it as a documentary The song is coming out
1,It's not fun. It's boring. It's childish. It's touching
2,It's just...That's right. It's kind of fun, but...
6,I don't recommend it if it wasn't fun
6,I dozed off in the middle, but it still lingers
1,The ratings are so good that I don't want to watch movies with these ratings, and I'm not a fan of Queen music, so it's not fun Overall, I was bored and didn't feel much emotionI like songs more these days. It was a movie that I don't know why
2,Bubble movie. I don't understand the enthusiasm in Korea, not even England.
1,It's not like a movie. Just a concert
6,The song is good, but the movie isn't that great
4,A slightly uncomfortable gay movie.
3,If it's a movie that disappoints you, the song is just good
6,I trusted NAVER's score, but I'm disappointed. It's a landslide victory for Starisborn
6,Well, first of all, the gay part was a little uncomfortable Maybe it's because I didn't know about Queen, but it's not that touching, but the last show is the most memorableNext time, make it an Ava moviecrying
2,I bought a ticket and went to see it today because it is very popular.Well, I guess I was looking forward to it too much. It was just too boring and disappointing
1,It's too difficult for me who doesn't know art.
1,It's not in the 9-point range There were many unpleasant scenes;
6,I won't be a star, I'll be a legend. - Freddie Mercury
6,I don't cry a lot, but I cried because I was moved.
3,It's boring. I only remember the front teeth sticking out
2,It's really loud and boring.0 points
5,Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation Women's Generation
5,It's not a musical. It's just a B-level movie
1,I'm in my 40s who can still memorize the names of Queen's members. It's a movie that brings back memories. I enjoyed it so much, but one rating is a protest about how the movie is a 12-year-old viewer. Does the rating go up only when a cruel and sensational scene appears?
3,I'm disappointed that it's so different from the real story
1,Except for the last concert, I think it's trash
6,It's boring except for the live ade scene and singing. Roger, Brian, and John don't have much footage because they're focused on Freddie. Freddie is better in person than an actor. In the movie, Freddy felt that he was overdoing it on stage, but the actual Freddy performance I looked for didn't feel overdoing it. It was the limit of acting
1,Old pop is a stinker. Trap hip hop is a must these days
6,Subjectively, I was just like that. I think it's because I've never seen a movie like this before If you're a fan of a band called Queen, I strongly recommend it
1,I don't like it. I don't know why.
6,I don't know ㅠㅠ.. It's just fun and...
2,Brian Singer, I hope this man doesn't make a movie.
5,It was a really fun movie
1,I watched it for over an hour after receiving a recommendation and came out in the middle. The song was good, but only the song was good. I don't know what I want to say. Maybe it's because I didn't watch all of them, but I don't know why the ratings are so high
1,A movie that sentimental people who don't care about story acting will like
6,I was sleepy in the middle. Music is really difficult and mysterious
6,How could you use actors who are uglier than real people? Actor Brian May is a pass!
5,Except for the content, I'm satisfied that I went to listen to music
6,If you're over 15 years old, you're going to see homosexuality
6,The last 20 minutes of performance was so touching. The story is boring because it is a realistic movie. But the movie that you can watch because it's "Queen."
1,I saw this, but why is Ddongkko so uncomfortable?
1,^^ Thank you... Fun is just...
6,I like music movies.ㅜㅜㅜㅜ But I watched a famous movie ^^
2,I used to be crazy about gay pots
5,I was just like that. Why is it so popular?
4,If it wasn't as good as I thought, maybe it was because I was looking forward to it
6,I've seen a challenging artist's life. I cried a lot because I felt sorry for her love with her. ㅠㅠ
6,The song is good, but I can't relate to the movie.
4,Honestly, it was so boring and boring crying
4,I have a Queen song in my collection, but this movie is not touching, and a movie where a genius musician became a big star with a new idea in that era. Where the hell am I supposed to be touched?
1, course, path
2,A strange movie where a bunch of people who didn't know Freddie Mercury watch a movie and become a fan
5,A movie that tells you that you can get bored while watching a movie
1,Let's watch Korean movies properly
4,I found out after watching it, but most of the touching parts were distorted. Compared to reality, it is so different that Korea is only reusing movies that have been shunned by the local community.
2,It was great to see Freddie Mercury, who I loved so much, like this.Thank you.
1,I slept for more than two hours. I think it's the best sleep-inducing movie.ㅗ
1,Except for the last scene, I was bored and thought it would be 7 points, but it was too high. I didn't understand the character of Nolam Freddie Mercury. I wanted to go out in the middle of a movie that I couldn't relate to the main character like this is my first time
4,If you look at the story, it was boring. I agree with the liveliness of Live Aid!
5,If you like Queen, it's a fun movie to watch
1,The last scene was good, but I can't relate to Freddie Mercury's life
6,It's a movie that's easy to watch, so it's not a movie with 10 points, but it's only good when the song comes out. The rest is just
6,It's like a musical, and it's nice.
6,The sound is too bad.
4,It's worth watching. It's not that fun
1,The levels of sucking and reusing are uncivilized;;
6,Brian Singer, head of the head, what a waste of Queen's songs and actors
5,I feel the generation gap again. A movie that I can't relate to
6,Queen's music is touching at the last concert.
1,As a movie, I think I got 1 point
2,Why is it more than 9 points? It's obvious and copied and pasted
6,People around me compliment me to watch it!
2,OO no fun ^^ I don't understand what's funny ;-; I was expecting too much ;-;
2,I really hope you don't watch it. I don't know why people give this movie a good review. I was fooled by the rating. I don't want to see a movie like this again.
4,I think it's a movie that everyone likes and dislikes
2,My hair is falling out. So boring. So boring
6,I enjoyed watching it, but why does the browser identification not exist?It's nothing
6,The latter part was fun and the song was good
1,What a waste of points. Trash for the fans
6,The movie was not very interesting. I didn't know what Queen was, so I just felt that the song I listened to often was Queen's.  I saw it on screenx, but I didn't feel the power of the concert hall. In particular, the screen change in the middle of the performance interrupted the song.
1,Don't you think I can't watch movies?
4,Freddie Mercury is an outstanding musician, while the film seems to lack completeness
6,First of all, the movie is so good. The actors are in sync. Please keep your mannersIt's a movie theater, but there are people who are new to it, so they give spoilers; I understand clapping When would I ever see a performance like that?But why did you go to listen to your song? I listen to Queen's songs
1,I'm so disappointed. It's just dirty and I hope this movie goes down soon. I don't understand people who say this is funny. It felt like I lost 9,000 won and lost time It's a trashy movie that doesn't have any content and just tries to make money using a band called Queen. It's not fun at all
6,Hmm... I don't know this song but I know it
6,Honestly, it's chewing foam. Is this fun?
6,Freddie Mercury's genius is not a waste of praise, but I don't want to know much about his gay past. And the exaggerated front teeth makeup of the main actor is very uncomfortable. It just gives meaning to letting me look up Wembley's performance on YouTube. Satisfied with listening to music through Screen X
1,Why is he so crazy? not much
1,The evaluation bubble is too much.  Homosexuality was uncomfortable, and I had to go without knowing what Singalong was and have a more uncomfortable experience. Children born after Freddie's death can experience a cheering singlong. In one theater, the person who enjoys singing and the person who receives it coexist.
6,It was just a rough documentary movie.
1,Actually, I think the rating is too high.About 7.5?
6,I don't know if it's because we're not queens
6,It was a very interesting movie
1,The story is not very likely
2,Except for the last five minutes, I don't like it. I'm curious which part I should sing along to
2,I personally didn't like it. I went there with my friend and he said it wasn't fun. He said it was a waste to pay for it. He recommended it to me and I looked forward to it
5,As the movie tries to show various episodes of Freddie Mercury and Queen during the running time, it feels like the content is breaking off and boring. I was really looking forward to it. Unfortunately, I would have given 1 point without the last 20 minutes.
6,I don't know well
4,Was I the only one who didn't like it?
6,We saw an amazing concert
1,Search for "Bohemian Rhapsody" on NAVER.If you're really disappointed, you're still watching because you like it.
1,Originally, I like movies, so I watch them without looking at the plot, but this one is really bad.  I kept looking at the tickets because it was such a waste...My acquaintances said they cried, but I was scolded because I was the only one who was not funny.
6,I watched it with my parents. It's so niceHaha
1,Why is the movie like this?Are you trying to glamorize the same sex without ever trying to touch it?You're a real beggar. Raise it to 15, not 12, if you like the worst movie, gay people
6,I listened to Queen's song again
4,a film overrated by good marketing The worst movie ever made by a musician. A movie that played a big part in promoting Queen's music.
6,People who watched the movie were embarrassed because they didn't even know what it was about, especially men don't understand that part. I was moved by the end of the movie that could go out in the middle, so I watched the movie, but this movie is a movie that could attract so many people
1,It's just not fun. Only their fans watch it
6,I guess I was looking forward to it because people around me complimented me In the first part, the story was so light that I wondered what it was
4,There are a lot of part-timers. It was just worth watching
6,I'm bored. I'm sleepy. I'm dirty
2,I'm bored from the middle. Who are the supporting actors? What does Miami do? Besides, if you can't get your head around the characters and the story, if you like the production when you ask Freddie, if I'm distracted, it's not a big compliment
4,You only have to watch the last 20 minutes.
6,Brian May's synchro. What?
2,Oh, poor old man. I feel sorry for the confusion
1,I watched a movie that only the fans gave 10 points and came down. I'll post on the fancafe that the ajumma unit saw it againHani, someone else said, "I'm the 8th."~LOL
1,There's a reason why critics stay in the six-point range for no reason, like Koreans who give 9 points to music movies that are 9 points in La La Land
4,Not really my style.lol
6,If you like Queen, you like her, and if you don't like her, you
1,If it's just a music movie, it's a Korean movie where you get emotional and rated
1,It might not be fun for middle school students to watch. I watched it with five friends, except for one, and they all fell asleep while watching a movie
2,I guess I was looking forward to it too much^^;;
1,I fell asleep while watching it. It was the first music movie that didn't fit. Don't just look at the ratings because there's nothing to see
4,I like Queen, but the movie... I guess my expectations were too high --;ㅡㅡ;
1,Oh, will I ever see such a boring movie again?
2,He's good, but he's gay, and he's a total psychopath, and the country is gone ^^
6,It feels like EBS, but I still feel sadness in my life
4,I didn't like this kind of music, so I was a little bored
2,It's a movie that made me realize again that I can't believe the real rating
5,It was more boring than I thought. But the song is really good ~~
5,Was my expectation too high? Just that much
1,Sigh... I was watching a movie and came out in the middle Don't ever look at anyone who doesn't like gay people I came out because I was disgusted when I saw guys kissing each other The story is interesting But I'm gay
1,Bubbled Gossip No Fun is not fun
6,The 20 minutes of the second half made my heart beat so fast that I felt like I was at a concert, not a movie. However, it is regrettable that the elements such as the story development process and the birth of Queen in the first half were not fully expressed.
6,a disappointment in anticipation There was no story, no emotion.
2,The song was great, but the movie I never want to see again.
5,Other than musicality... Sex education?
2,A perfect film of misogyny. Perfect male supremacy
2,I just like the music. I don't know what it's about it
6,What's wrong with Queen? There's more than a hundred distortions, and the audience can't think of Queen like that, but the song's a good movie, Freddie's not like that. It's a movie that's made wrong just for fun
6,If you're going to listen to Queen's song with the boring movie theater sound, I recommend it
6,It's boring. A movie for the last 10 minutes
6,Bisexual! I feel repulsed. The movie keeps showing me bisexual material...
2,It was just a movie for the last ten minutes...To be honest, elementary and middle school is boring...
1,It's not funny. They don't think it's funny
3,Frankly, the content is boring;;;
6,It's just a killing time
4,The song was good, but...The movie was just...It's my personal opinion
6,Honestly, it's not good. 10 points is a waste
6,It's disappointingT
1,I don't like the band that carries the war criminal flag, but my friend begged me to go
5,ㅠㅠ As a person who values the story, I felt so sorry. Would it be better if we sang and watched it with the audience?
6,A movie that all generations can relate to
6,It was fun, but it was a little different from the Queen stories I know
6,a strange phenomenon that was especially popular in Korea
6,a strange phenomenon that was especially popular in Korea
6,It's because Queen's hit song makes me feel musical pleasure, but in terms of the completeness of the movie, it's not such a fuss.
1,There are some hateful scenes, so I don't really like it
4,I don't know. I don't know where to focus. I liked the song
6,Fooled by ratings. It's not that touching. It's been a while since we watched a movie. It's just what we know. No more, no less.
1,The movie really hit the bottom of my expectations, but I think the song saved a little bit.
1,It's not fun. It's too much
1,I don't know what's funny. I watched it while waiting for time
1,A hero of their own hero. If I hadn't listened to the last song of one of the worst movies of my life, I would have come out of the movie theater for the first time
4,The acting was somewhat awkward and the story was not immersed
6,It's a biopic of Freddie Mercury. Queen's music was still great, but it didn't have much impact
5,It was fun, but I can only see the mouth
1,The movie itself is not good...
1,I think it's a movie that's just 7.2 points. In our country, we sometimes overestimate too much music movies and Hollywood movies that are reminiscing. This movie is like that.
6,134 minutes of journey for the last 20 minutes
6,If you don't have much interest in a singer named Quinn... A movie that can be boring
1,Of course it's not a rating of one, but it's not really 9.5
1,Queen is a very annoying unit in Starcraft... My precious Dragoon Gilot Hi-templar was not funny at all
6,I waited for 2 hours to see the last scene.
1,Gay and pro-Japanese... Worst... Is this a fake score?
3,Typical of movie populism. That's it. the vanity of ratings created by mob psychology
6,It's a little too much for a 12-year-old.
1,Why are you opening your top when you're singing?LOL
1,A movie that's below my expectations.  Why do they put this movie up? I'm worse than a documentary.
1,The actors held up war criminals, took pictures, and posted them on SNS, so I don't think this is right?
6,Now I know the legend. sincere homage to their musical achievements
4,It's a sad movie, but it's the first movie you can't see in the 21st century, but I knew how the music made it through the movie   I hope a lot of people can go see it
2,The movie itself was perfect, but I got upset when I heard the story of the war criminal, so I gave him 2 points ^^... I feel betrayed.
