빠삐용
1,Year of Bull Germination and Mano's Bovine Germination
1,,,.,..,,.,.,。The division of labor, Cliff and Kirk.
6,The Essence of Escape Movie 1974 OST is a masterpiece
5,I don't know why this phrase was inserted, guilty of wasting life honestly.There is no reminiscence scene that Papillon wasted his life, but I don't know why Papillon is a masterpiece without trying to waste his life after that scene. Just because it's a true story?
1,The power of the state is sometimes this harsh, the desire to be free of small citizens to resist to the end
6,Compared to the scale of the movie and the good performance of the main actors, it's not that fun. It's a movie that needs to be seen as a work...
1,Am I really enjoying my freedom?
5,A waste of life? A waste of life is just a nudity about yourself in this kind of situation, and a false entry. I'm just saying that the victory of tenacity is so empty that someone compares it to Shawshank, but what is the waste of life really? Before or after you come to prison?
5,It was boring because it was a classic movie. A movie that gave me something to think about
1,It's a movie I saw a long time ago. Something like this...
1,A movie that you never understand unless you watch a two-and-a-half-hour movie from beginning to end
1,It's not fun. I've never been this boring
1,The famous painting is correct, but the rating is too high. rating adjustment
1,Rating adjustment
5,What is this?
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,NAVER's rating is exaggerating
6,Papillon, who longs for freedom, is great. For fun, there is a sense of course
6,What was it like to spend the rest of my life on the island? Was I more unhappy than Papillon?
6,Is it because it is too old movie? It was kind of boring for me.
6,It's almost 40 years ago, but honestly, it's not this bad
6,I don't know the fun of masterpieces. The acting is so good
1,Dustin Hoffman's best movie ever! I fell for Dustin after watching this movie!Becoming a fan.
1,You're so boring Is the rating bubble good?And I don't want Steve McQueen looking like a country bumpkin!
6,Life. It's freedom.
1,I don't like this kind of movie
5,Freedom has become a desire, a longing, and a dream.
1,I don't know if it's because it's an old movie
1,Memorable Masterpiece 2
1,It wasn't fun...
1,It's not a movie that deserves the highest rating
1,A masterpiece. Good
1,The Shawshank is out of sorts
1,I can't believe it
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
1,Are you kidding me?
1,Objectively, about 8 points is appropriate.
1,A movie with 7 points...It's not that...
6,I don't think there's anything but a famous line
1,Show shank, fighting!
1,What is this?
1,Let's work harder, Shawshank
4,It was really fun in the beginning, but I couldn't stand the boredom in the second half.
1,Are you kidding me?
6,A work that depicts the importance of freedom well is a bit boring
1,I don't like this...
1,The poster is dirty
1,Everyone has a different perspective. I got 1 point for a bad movie
1,All of Magatron's strength
1,It's been a while.
1,Cockroach! Ugh! ㅠㅠ
6,Dustin Hoffman's Degas character was very impressive
6,Even if it's a masterpiece, can't it be fun to look forward to it?
4,I don't know
1,rusticness
1,It's because I look at it so much
