클레멘타인
1,Don't look. I'm the only one who wants to see it'
1,I won't say much. Get out of there!
1,This is a masterpiece that we can't evaluate
1,It's not 1 point, it's 11 points.
1,World film history is divided into BC Before Clementine AC After Clementine. The 1 point I gave you is a system problem that I can't give you 11 points
1,Why is it "1 point"?Why? Because masterpieces are the only thing in the world.
1,Hey, you bad guys! Is this what a person would do? I was watching a movie, and my whole family, including myself, almost lost their minds What movie can you recommend that is the worst of all?
1,Wow, did you really make this into a movie? The background sound was so loud that I couldn't hear the lines, and the story probability left for Andromeda. What kind of character is Kim Bo-sung and Hwang Ki-soon, and Stephen Segal? The last time you yelled at your daughter was the best
1,Let's be honest now;; please!
1,I was fooled by the rating. Don't be fooled. One rating point. It's "Oyeonghwa.Oh my god
1,It's not funny. Don't look at it
1,It's not 1 point. It's 1 point
1,I don't think Steven Seagal has seen this movie.
3,Dongjun Lee's acting is not as bad as I thought, so I checked and found out that you shot quite a lot of movies.I am embarrassed because I see a lot of comments saying that this movie is a masterpiece and is good at acting. I want to kill the music director especially because he's so emotional while dragging the obvious story. It is also great that the background music that does not even fit after the middle of the game continues to flow, and the immersion is greatly reduced. Did you cover the actors with music to hide their acting? I can't concentrate on what the lines are saying, and I can't direct them, and the story composition is so bad that I lost my words for acting. That doesn't mean there's an action, and it's a genre that's not that, but I recommend it. I don't want him to be fooled by his rating. He likes Lee Dong-joon and he's like a fan. Six stars are appropriate, but the rating is too high, so I give you three.
1,I want to impress Korea's worst movie, but I will never watch it again
1,Why is there such a thing?  Is this a movie?  Even if I give you 0 points, I can't give you 0 points, so I decided to give you 1 point. This is the most ridiculous movie in my life
1,The fishing level is coming. Please refer to Namuwiki I almost fell for it ^^
1,Don't be fooled.Don't be fooled by the ratings. If you look at it, in many ways... Ha...
1,Guys, don't be fooled like me.
2,Dad, wake up. Sarang is here.This is Clementine, a masterpiece of the rare, because I tried to put the story back and forth more than I thought. Nevertheless, things that don't make sense. Why did Kim Hye-ri visit Imho?After setting the mood like that, Sarang's teeth don't match. How can Sarang cry all the time? Amazing acting skills. You're going down. 1 hour and 27 minutes after the movie started, we shot the 3rd episode with 10 minutes left. Thank you for watching.Oh, and I thought Yoon Kye-sang came out.My love, Clementine. Leave the old father alone, and where is he forever? Clementine was Kim Hye-ri?Hah!
1,That's why people make fun of me Lee Dongjoon, are you really an actor?
1,Are you serious? This crazy movie is number 50--
1,Hey, you bad guys!
1,A movie that only deceives people, but not deceives people.
1,They gave me a high score like, "Honestly, I want you to be fooled too." Don't look at it honestly. I'm angry.
1,Please, please. "".
1,I give you 11 points^^ Legendary masterpiece
1,It's good to have Chivas Legal painted on it, but what's wrong with that child actor in elementary school production?
1,The passing dog knows this movie is a masterpiece, but I'll give you a point
2,Will the reviews be a part-time job? Are they really moved? Are they giving me 10 points just because I'm the only one who can't beat them?
1,The monster seems to be a monster. The class of monstrosity lasts forever.
1,I didn't know I was fooled by the rating. ㅠㅠ Whoo... But it's worth watching...^^
1,My precious 100 people, comment manipulators
1,I found out after watching this movie that the comment manipulator is real.
1,Kim Hyeri, you were so pretty  What about artistry? Lee Dong Joon has a good relationship, so he got a high rating from people who want to help him
1,Come on, you crazy scammers
1,5 Billion Ratings Playground
1,Don't look. I'm screwed.
1,I hope it's ironic for those who gave me good grades.
1,I feel sorry for people who are fooled by the rating of 9 points ㅠㅠ
1,Wow, it's like a movie. Is this for real? It makes my heart grand...
2,It's not bad, but the rating is too highThe direction is not good either... 7 points is appropriate
2,Why is it 9 points? I can't be the only one who gets it
2,A movie that Hanwha fans must watch
1,a change of movement
1,This is not a point.It means number one in my heart.
1,I was going to get a perfect score, but I went one step forward and this happened
6,It's touching, but it's a little different from the Clementine I know. My dad's a miner, and my daughter got stoned and fell into the sea, and he couldn't swim and lost her, so I thought it was Clementine. It's very different
1,I really don't want to give a high score as a joke. After watching the mart calculation scene, I wanted to beat the director who wrote the script. That scene cannot come out unless power abuse is a natural routine. When I meet a mother with a kid like that in my life, I'm gonna hit her like a scriptwriter and a director
1,Is this a movie? That's funny
1,
1,Why is the story so boring?
1,It feels like I'm reading an imaginary novel while eating a whole Cheongyang chili pepper.
1,I don't care, don't care
5,He's very rustic. I think you can easily get into it and watch it's like that. I think acting and movie music are good.
1,It's obviously touching and boring, so 1 point
2,재It's not fun
1,But the movie doesn't have a lot of audience and I'm afraid of the evaluation
2,Why are you making such a boring movie like a con artist? Let's stop it. It's 2020! How many years are you going to make a mistake? You're proving to be a con artist
1,Wow! I didn't watch it yet, but I don't want to watch it until the
1,I give 1 point because I want to give 1st place out of all the movies I've seen. 10 points, 100 points. What's the point? In my heart, it's the first place... So I give you one point.
1,I know Clementine has a lot of fishing comments in the NAVER rating section, but it hasn't changed yet
1,Don't mess with me. It's not fun.
1,When I saw this, my cancer cells got cancer
2,I don't know what the plot is about. What are you talking about?
1,First of all, a movie with no sincerity... It's childish and the new wave is awesome.
1,It wasn't fun for me, but why is my rating high?
1,It's more fun to make short films for college students, Dongjun
1,It's a real score. People wrote it because they thought it was unfair to see themselves I hope there's no damage like me
5,I was tricked by the netizens' rating I'm logging in with a cold evaluation I think some of his heroes are above him Each person's time is precious, so I hope it's helpful. The end
1,It's a real wave of emotion. Watch it twice, watch it three times
1,Don't be too harsh on me
1,Stop making fun of this movie. It's a five-point rating
1,It's an advance team. It's a ruined movie Don't ever look
1,The Satanites!!!
2,I love the movie, but I don't understand that it has a higher rating than three idiots, so I gave it 2 points
1,Hey, you demons...
4,I was looking forward to it, but it's not fun
1,This number 1 is never 1. It is the realization of the thought that this movie feels like a star shining in the sky.
1,If you want to give 11 points, it's 1 point
1,11 out of 10!
1,It's just a pity that there are only 10 horoscopes that you can give the best...
5,The director is cute
1,I don't participate in the old man's fishing and give a fact rating.
1,I'm going to watch it when it's re-released. I'll change it to 10 points after watching it!!...3D?!
1,It's 1 point. In my heart, no. 1...
1,Dad, I...So I gave him 1 point
1,I really believed you, you've got to believe me
1,You don't watch a good movie at once like drinking a good drink I will fill up the stars whenever I am moved and I watched the trailer today.
1,It's a movie that deserves applause at the Cannes Film Festival
2,I can't read Korean comments because they're so childish. Are there only otaku-saegi?
5,I gave this movie five points because it didn't have a stain on itself
4,Kick... more fun than the Dark Knight
1,This is not a point. It's an expression of my heart that I want to give 11 points.
1,I'll give you 1 point because you miss me
1,I've never written a review before. I know it's really fun, but don't ever watch it. It's all fishing. Is it fun to waste your time like this?
2,Turn up the actual start-up Turn up the actual start-up
1,It's OO, but why is this fun?
1,That's like NAVER's rating! be full of energy
1,Breaking the real no-fun flow
1,Please don't look. You really can't watch this movie. I want to save this movie DVD even if I die, but as soon as I see it, you'll be my competitor to save it.
1,How hard must it have been for movie investors like a bully?
1,10 points. Is terrorism fun? That's why Korean movie culture doesn't develop
2,This is not two points, I want to give it 12 points
3,I'm serious. It's fun The important thing is that every scene is so fun. I keep on wasting time and it's just a comic movie. It's fun
1,Hey! After watching the movie for 5 minutes, you punk!
1,Someone said "10 points terror". "Kidding"
1,LOL. I leave a real rating for normal people. Everyone, avoid it.
1,Wow, the best movie in my life
1,Olackney;a word for a lotus root.
1,I have been training to open my eyes for 1 hour and 40 minutes for 15 years because I don't want to miss this movie for a moment.
1,I want to give you 11 points, but I can't, so I'll give you 10 a masterpiece that will remain in the Korean world
1,This score is not a score for this movie, but a point for me who looked back on myself after watching this movie and felt my lack deeply... The masterpiece itself
1,Pyeongsik... Is it not coming out?
1,a waste-like OOO plane I don't want to waste this kind of film
1,Do people who think it's funny signify people? I heard it was fun, so I ordered a DVD to keep it, but I broke it
1,With the mindset that I can't be the only one to be beaten, 10 points terror
1,God recognizes the best movie in the history of the universe
1,Let's not do this. What's wrong with the rating?
1,Oh, I was tricked.I didn't even suspect that fishing is so common.I've been watching and checking.Did I find the right movie and watch it?Crazy... I can't believe Korea has such good teamwork.I'm so upset. Disappointed.I can't believe I used this movie for my short vacation.Take it apart...
4,But hold it in until the end and watch ends.  It's over after holding it in and it's over.
1,It's not fun. It's like a Korean movie
1,Project Depot and National Educational Worker 6 persons
1,I think it's my first time not watching a movie because I gave up in the middle. I didn't even want to rush through.
1,Don't watch this movie because you believe in the ratings It's not fun at allI'll give you 1 point if you can't see me
1,Stop it. I thought you guys were losing your mind the whole time I saw you
1,Since I scored 1 point, I reported it and erased it -- What do you call a 1 point one point? --ㅡㅡ
1,Who wrote the plot? If you don't teach me how to do it, who will go to see it?
2,If you don't watch this movie, you will live longer than me
1,re-combustion of cold personnel and friendly ash
1,Seriously, how can this movie get more than 9 points? Why do you all enjoy fishing?
4,There was no such movie in the 7s and 80s. It is a movie like Death Note that shortens actors' acting lives. The fine lines are a bonus. Still, his foot skills are good, and his hand skills are good. I waited until now to see Sigal, the master of handcraft. Damn it. It's a masterpiece. Oh, my.
1,Lung cancer is cured after watching this movie My eyes are wide open and I lost 25kg
5,This movie is worth 5 points. Of course, five points are perfect.
1,There's no way to express it with 655551588435 points, so I'm giving you 11 points
1,He worked hard to raise the score.It's a waste of one point
2,When I saw Eom Bok-dong, the bicycle king, I thought about it. You've been here a long time. Now come down from the throne.
1,It's such a masterpiece that I can't dare evaluate it. The meticulous development and solid storytelling made something boil and my heart was full, so it was difficult to watch it until the end.
1,It's the worst movie ever. I don't want to give you a point
1,If you haven't seen it, nice!
1,Wow, these people are very united. Really. Just looking at the poster, it feels like a cheap B-class movie that is soaked with old emotions even in 2004. I was going to look at the reviews and the ratings! Fishing ㅠㅠ
1,There are so many bad guys
2,Are you part-timers? That's the worst movie ever
1,I have cancer. Korea should not make movies, dramas, or games.Somehow it's all causing stress
1,The loser gives 10 points to fish!
6,You guys don't know the first verse
1,I watched it because I heard it was fun, but it's like a dog
1,Give it a rest you bastards!!!
1,I was so curious to see how bad it was when I saw all the ad-libs, but I only looked up the highlights, and I realized that I was conceitedEven though it was a short clip, I couldn't watch it until the end I think we can make a bet The person who gives up first loses the game. Wow, my goodness
1,I didn't see it, but it's definitely 1 point.
1,Don't watch this movie because it's a waste to give it a little bit. I don't know if it's a part-time job or the director himself, but if you enjoyed watching below zero, it's probably those who lost their brains because they couldn't melt. Don't look
1,What is this? Are we all fishing?
5,I'm asking seriously. Can I get married if I watch this movie with my girlfriend in 2019?
1,I want to give you 11 points, so I'll give you this
1,Christmas Eve on the 24th. I took my girlfriend to the DVD room and watched itTake responsibility, selfish thingsI almost got hit in the ear...
1,Everyone, this is it!~~
1,Does this film need a rating?
1,I was fooled by the rating and reputation. I'm going to write seriously. Just the most precious thing in the world is my wasted time to watch this movie.
1,I can give you a generous rating, but I really can't stand this
1,To be honest, I'll give you 1 point. The director might think that he made a masterpiece
1,Worst movie ever! Too bad I can't give you zero points.    I was looking at it and turned it around. Oh, my
5,It's a movie with 5 points
1,After watching this movie, I was able to take off my pants by myself.
1,A monster that can't hit "SHIELG"!
1,What is this? Why are all the reviews so funny? I have to look at it
2,I have nothing to say about this movie
1,I really knew that OO was not interesting even though I watched the movie when I was young, not at the age where I can evaluate the movie coldly like now. This is really not fun
2,Out of all the comments, I can see one by one... "Hey, you guys, I really saw you guys because of you!!! "  Laughing
5,Most of the main actors say this is the last movie
1,The Earth will be clean even if we catch people who gave us more than six points here.
1,After watching this movie, I got cancer at first, but I couldn't even endure the cancer cells, and I got better again.
1,Don't look at it, by any chance I didn't see it ^^
1,I will do 1,000 no fun Soraka in this movie.
6,Are you saying it's funny or not? Someone said, "Cancer gave birth to cancer. I thought I'd get married."I have no idea
1,Don't be fooled, you can see how many scammers the Korean people are. I asked her about her first year of civil defense, and she was the same seed as the baby birds who told her to wear military uniforms
1,What's wrong with this crap movie rating? I'm so annoyed. I got tricked and paid for it
1,I was tricked by the whole nation.
1,Let's lower the rating. 10 letters. 10 letters
2,I found a movie against this Call of Duty - Last War. Make sure you watch it Clementine's cancer is back
1,If the score exceeds 100, it will be changed to 10 points.
1,I read the comments and watched the movie, but I don't know what's so touching. It's just an old movie with an obvious story, but I turned it off in the middle. Actually, it wasn't that fun. I give you 1 point so that you can get a proper rating if the comments are deceiving me.I think this movie needs about 5 points
4,I haven't seen the movie, but I wonder why you cured your cancer after watching it
1,Let me say somethingWhat a stupid movie...
1,A movie that gives a lot of enlightenment about humans. How human is it to see the end?
1,I watched this movie evaluation on Namuwiki, so stop walking on the tightrope
1,No, you demons! Don't fool innocent people!
1,After seeing the multicellular girl, Clementine is no longer a masterpiece. That's why I gave you one point.
2,Why is this a hidden masterpiece, NAVER KK?
1,Clementine... The result is different from being curious about "this adventure is great for me."
1,Is this movie fun? I heard it's not fun
1,I'll give you 1 point because you're number 1 in my heart. I watched it accidentally after breaking up with my girlfriend. I was so sad that I got depressed. Where are you going? Start...
1,Don't play with fake appreciation. Are you playing Ilbe?
1,Are these people crazy? What kind of ten points is this stupid movie?
1,After watching this movie, my object, which has been diagnosed with erectile dysfunction for 20 years, just woke up.
1,A movie to watch when you want to throw it away for 2 hours in your life
3,I've seen a lot of talk a long time ago, but it's not a 2004 movie, but a movie that's worse than the movie in the early 90s. It's worth six billion won
1,When mother and daughter were throwing coins at the mart, the word "those OOO babies" burst out of my mouth
1,It's not a point, it's the number one of my life.Recommend.
2,All that's left is anger at the mother and daughter who were at the supermarket
1,I'm a fool to be fooled.
1,Why do you watch OOO movies?
1,No, why isn't there a dot? I'm the only one who's telling the truth.
1,That's a ridiculous score
1,I'm so proud of myself for not watching this
1,I'm cringing because of my poor acting skills, and I'm selling like 10 movie tickets
1,Let's not do this. You really got me. Damn it
1,I trusted my friend and saw him. This is the den of demons...
1,It's not fun. Don't watch it
1,넌 여전히 내 넘버원이야...
2,Why is this flat land so high? Is it crazy? This? No fun
1,Everyone, stop cheating...
2,Don't make a joke, you stupid sissies
1,Looking forward to the rating, you'll be robbed. - I actually experienced it today. Only those who have nothing to dust or have no regrets about life
1,Am I weird? a dull, childish cartoonist
1,I gave you 1 point. Because I'm a comment worker
1,All the people who left comments are rotten
1,It may be touching to see the emotions of the movie, but there are so many forced emotional elements besides pouring coins out of the mart. Honestly, there are so many forced emotional elements. There are so many ridiculous elements and acting is cheesy
1,Don't be fooled! These guys are all in the same boat! I'm trying to take you to hell.What is this? Let go of me! Ugh! Ugh!
6,Even the critics refused to evaluate it. There's no critic's rating
1,After watching this movie, cancer cells got cancer.
1,This horoscope is a score for me who hasn't seen this movie yet.
1,I really want to beat the guy who made this movie His tears... I couldn't even look at the screen, so I often looked in the air I couldn't even make a mess  The sensibility of the guy who made this movie...
1,Gukppong story. What is it?LOL
1,It sounds strange, but I hate myself for watching it for 20 minutes because I thought it was a masterpiece
1,I saw it because the rating was high, but I can't trust the rating
2,What the hell is wrong with you?
1,This is not a movie.  Childish.
1,3,500 visitors, 18,000 ratings...As expected, the market for IPTV in Korea is big
1,I have to watch a movie to see how I feel when I write a rating after watching a movie, but I don't want to see it.You should be treated as well. In the midst of terrorism, some honest and honest comments protect my mental health.
1,I want to give you 0 points, but I have no choice but to give you 1 point. Did you make this a movie?
1,I lost my time
1,It's a dump
1,You bad guys!!!  I proudly showed it to my family!
1,It's amazing that there are people who think this is a movie, but they eat probability dog food, and the volume is 인데인데, and they speak alien language, not English, and they want to show it to the children, how badly are they trying to get into a double whammy?
1,I found a meaning to live while reading the comments
1,My life's worst movie is criticizing worker, Bible verse, jagged sound, foot acting, Taekwondo promotion, but it has nothing to do with Taekwondo, but there are so many problems such as a messy fight, unfriendly family relationship explanation, and forced emotion. Is it a movie whose name is the same as the famous 'Real' movie?
1,Sorry, I pressed the wrong score. I gave you 1 point because my hand slipped, but my score in my heart is 0. I'm sorry I gave you so much.
2,The excitement of the PyeongChang Olympics is only two-tenths that of the film.
2,I have nothing to say. This is a movie
1,Let's be honest. It's a big mess even among the bad ones. I can see that you're making fun of the comments with this kind of course이영 이영 Each person who watched this movie lost the running time of this movie in their life. At that time, all the people on Ferry Sewol would have been rescued and left, and the Jecheon disaster would have been prevented. a disastrous film
1,My eyes got rotten after watching the movie
1,One point is more precious than Geunhye
1,This joke is not funny at all
1,Um... Oh, my.
1,I'm getting mad after watching it. I'm a fool who believes in ratings
1,Oh my! Oh my!~~  Have I spent my time watching this movie?
4,Korean movies are divided before and after this movie
2,Let's be honest!I really regret it.Don't look. You're being tricked.I'm not touched at all!If you keep watching, you'll be fooled.If you think it's not right, come out right away.There's no more.I don't regret not seeing it.I'm telling you.
1,Just don't get up.
1,It's the first time I've been fooled by the score. I turned it off in the middle
1,Let's stop joking around with the comments. Return to appropriate ratings!
1,--,.,.,.,.,.ㅡㅡ,.,.,.,.,
1,LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL
1,You're so good at it
5,Grand 4123 St. Anton of Waldo, Charlton
2,OOOs, do you want to get hit?Ha
2,I got cancer after watching this movie. I don't think I've recovered from cancer. I want to give you a point right now, but Dad! I'll give you one more point for Eunseo who shouted "Wake up!"
1,Stop joking around with the ratings...
1,This score is given to me who hasn't seen this movie before.
1,It's like a kana, but it's like a kana
1,Honestly, it's not fun... Everyone gives this movie 10 points, but I don't know why it's 10 points. The previous movie of this director, "OOO SALE", is a really bad movie, but this movie is more rambling and incoherent than that...
1,each one of themselves
5,It's more fun to watch my cat eat
1,I had an anger management disorder after watching this movie. It's an informative movie
1,I'm so angry at myself for being fooled because I'm innocent. If you're as pure as me, I recommend you not to trust your ratings and not to watch it. The bad guys purposely gave me a good rating and said, "You should be fooled, too."I was going to watch it with my parents because they said it was a masterpiece, but I deleted it right after censoring it
1,.!$!$#!$##%$!Puppy-like? I came to see some reviews
1,Everyone, don't look It's a public scam
1,I can't help but get a rating. I feel like I've been completely scammed. Laughing out loud. Shim Hyung-rae, who watched it when I was young, reminds me of Champion tomorrow. Damn it! I watched it just in case after seeing the rating, but as expected!
1,Kill him...I watched it because I thought it was fun, but I fell in love with the girl I feel awkward
1,I looked at the ratings...Am I weird?I don't think so many people are going to mess with me.
1,Why did I just find out about this movie? It's the best movie of my life. I'll give you 1 point because you only saw it once. I'm going to watch nine more times. Then, can I know the deep meaning of the movie?  I don't think so.
1,The comments... Really...
5,I suddenly wanted to cry today, so I watched a masterpiece again As expected, with the tears I shed today, a bag of Shin Ramen is easy to swallow
1,A trash movie. A trash movie
4,Am I the only one who doesn't like this?To be honest, I expected a lot because the score was too high. I was worried because I usually cry a lot. (I cried right away) But I didn't shed a single tear when I saw this...I think the rating is ridiculously high and too high
1,Let's be honest, humans
1,I'm going to give you a point because I'm angry that I haven't seen this masterpiece yet, which has a rating of 9 points even after 13 years... I'll give you 10 points after you find your true self after watching the movie
1,I'm still mad... The dogs...The comments are really
1,o.m.g..I'm nervous
1,I was tricked by netizens.k.a. Netizens.I finished watching the movie in 5 minutes. It was boring from the beginning, so I expected the fun part, and the movie ended.
1,Is it a game of ratings by the majority?Or am I the problem?I really didn't like me
1,The level of watching a movie is amazing
1,Netizen's rating is too high.
1,You need to lower the rating. Is it good to play with this?
1,When I get cancer, my cancer cells get sick and I'm completely destroyed
1,(Screaming)
1,Make sure to watch it. It's not 1 point. 11 points
1,No words needed, no fun, waste of time --
1,These guys are kidding. They're not funny
1,After watching this movie, I get antibiotics once a day
1,You know this is all a lie, right?
5,A blot on life (★★.★).Lee Dong-joon's story that left ★★) will be given 5 points.
1,Netizens recognize the unity
1,I don't have anything to say. Don't play with me
1,It's not fun because it's a baby fishing
1,All the comments here are lies I'm just writing false reviews because I don't want to hurt myself. It's a movie that doesn't have any story-action acting to watch
1,It was fun and touching, but the friends who watched it together hugged each other and cried so much that the immersion level was a little low. I guess that's why I have to watch the movie alone.I can't give you a good rating because it's a hard movie to watch together.The movie should be made for everyone to watch together, but the thing that's too touching is this
1,This movie made my life meaningless.
1,I watched it because the score was good, but it's not fun. What do you mean 10 points?
1,I went to see him in high school and I wanted to stop living
1,Let's have a serious talk That's not a compliment. That's a mockery Everyone is talking in unison like, "I can't be the only one to suffer because it's a Korean movie." It's really a mess, so don't regret watching it and press the play button now to stop
2,There are only two movies in this world.One is Clementine. The other one, except for Clementine...
5,Clementine is one of the worst movies in Korea, so why do you have 10 points?
1,The number one in my heart...
1,If Real is just coffee, Clementine is the top
1,I love it. I love it
1,It's obviously a video...
1,No more words needed.
1,I borrowed a tape from a video store in 2004 (at that time, 1,000 won per day) and thought it would be good to watch as Steven Seagull came outIt's a shame that it was a video, Lee Dong-joon must be a killer sent by aliens to kill us.
1,One... Netizen...
1,At this point, it's the rating manipulator
1,I haven't seen it yet, but I think it's the first one
1,Dad, wake up! ㅠㅠㅠ
1,There are so many people who give 10 points as a joke that more people misunderstand it as a masterpiece these days. If you haven't seen it yet, don't be fooled.
5,These days, it's more fun to read ratings than movies. Movie comments, good sense. Thumbs up
1,A movie that shouldn't come out only once in a thousand years.
1,Anyway, if you look at the class of fabrication by the Jocens,
1,Legendary unpaid comments posting fraud ratings on trash movies. LOL. You're so unemployed. If you see him doing this kind of fraud...LOL
1,If you're going to make a comment, do it properly
1,Dad, wake up. Aww~~~
3,If you give a realistic evaluation, it's like this
1,I'm so annoyed. I was tricked.--ㅡㅡ
1,The emotion of this movie is too valuable to keep the emotion in the corner of your heart as your own after watching this movie. I hope many people will watch this movie and feel the value of the emotion together. My cat, who watched the movie together, cried and pressed 1 point.
1,There are so many people who don't want to cry alone
1,I was fooled by the rating and got movie insensitivity.T
1,I was almost fooled by the rating.
1,I desperately wanted to live in a real B.C.
1,You have to end your pranks at the level of pranks. You keep giving me high marks with dog jokes, and it's a waste of time for people who watched the movie
1,That's rightHahaha
1,I watched it after the rating. What's wrong with the movie? Did I have such a high standard?좀 I'm a bit disappointed
1,Crazy people united as a group. How crazy is that to raise the rating to 9.3 and catch people? I can hear p2p site points being blown away Real
5,It's before I watch it, but if it's this high, I can trust it. Thank you.
1,What's wrong with you? You're not funny
1,바How can all these people be together?
1,The reason why the rating is no longer going up is because once the people who gave 10 points erase it again and repeat the 10 points again
1,Clementine >>Real
1,What is this phenomenon? The rating
3,Wow, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 0%. I'll raise it by 1%
5,It leaves a mark of five to not be able to call a mangjak a mangjak, but it's a movie you should never
1,Newstuckbo. Re-lighting the movie Clementine!After 23 years, the whole nation acknowledged that it was a masterpiece
6,Compared to the high ratings, I personally couldn't understand the directions and poor acting.But considering it's an old movie, it's pretty well made
1,I came back after watching the reality show. Real is Clementine's next move, but Classic is Clementine. I'm giving 11 points to this movie, which has achieved great achievements in the history of Korean films
1,Justice is alive!
4,Since I watched it four times, I'll give you four points
1,It's not fun
1,I thought I could really watch it!
1,To be honest, I know you give me 10 points for fun, but it's ridiculous to have a 9.3 rating
5,I came here just in case, because Real was being criticized so much.(Laughs)
1,People are really disgusted. They're a mess because they're a first-year student. Hell's Chosun is not making progress. Just push it down
1,I'm from the future. I'm informing you that your son was born. Now you've halved the amount of blame in half. My son's name? They say it's real.
1,Like, the probability of the story, the performance, was like a lightweight, but... It's too revealing. Well, how should I say it? You know the theory of relativity? If you don't mind that, it'll be more worth watching. It's a scientific movie
1,People are cruel...Are you kidding me with the rating? My rating is real fact. Don't get confused. Oh, my... my precious time for the greatest dog-catcher ever! I recommend you watch it if you want to
1,Is this movie fun or not? If you look at the rating, it's "S" and "J"
1,The part-timers are going through a lot
1,I was trying to catch the touching chord, but I wasn't sad at all, but the filming technique and editing would not come out like this even if I was an elementary school student
3,To be honest, this movie is not enough to be teased and caught by 10 points, but it's just like Myeongnyang. Zoom for 3 points
1,Oh, no. I was tricked properly-- I heard it was a masterpiece, so I drank a glass of soju and watched it for 20 minutes-- No wonder it felt like a review
1,In 2013, when I was a sophomore in high school, my friend recommended me to watch this movie, so I searched it and came in. People are still giving me a rating
1,I saw it... Oh... It's a shoju game. You have to catch as much as you can
1,Are you really saying that it's a century thing?
1,I gave you 1 point because of someone.
1,Thank you for fishing, OOO!
1,Don't play a joke on me
2,Is it a part-time job in the comments? The worst movie ever
1,I thought it was really fun.
1,It's 11 points, but I got 10 points
1,Frankly speaking, it's an incredibly complex story. It's getting less and less interesting because it's sprawling over and over againAnd wake up daddy!I think it's hard to forgive this story with this line
1,I thought it was real. Is this a movie?
1,You guys are so mean... Some foreigners might be fooled by the ratings and try to borrow DVDs. LOL
1,That's too much. I didn't mean to give you know.
1,Mr. Steven
1,For treating insomnia ^^ highly recommended!
1,For the definition of the last remaining pool of land.
1,As expected of Rookie Rookie Ma! Super Rookie Rookie Boy! Ha!
1,It's the rating that I put uplifted
1,You're struggling to die together
1,(0 points) Old-fashioned, vulgar, and mischievous
1,Just write a word. It's the same as Jaerim of the match girl I just thought they were trash, so I couldn't be the only one to do it, so I raised the rating like that. Don't ever look at all
1,It's just the most boring...
3,I've never seen this movie because it's so famous, but I don't think it's going to be fun, so I didn't watch it and I won't. Let's be honest. I heard that the director who made this has a billion debt. Is it fun to be sarcastic? Is there any profit left?
1,What's going on here?
1,National Civilian Drama
1,It's a movie that lacks 10 points, but I want to keep it for myself. I give you 1 point
1,Are you fooling around here? It's obvious that you guys are having fun. This is why NAVER movies get cursed at.Is it fun to play like this? Act your age not your shoe size. On average, people in their 20s and 30s wrote a lot of comments. Be my age. ㅉㅉ
1,There are so many 10 points that I give you 1 point to remove the suspicion that the part-timers manipulated it.
1,All I can say is... ah...
1,I don't deserve to evaluate this movie...
1,Such talented people, great people! Long live Korea!
2,Even if it's filmed by an elementary school student, I believe in it
1,Don't agitate me, you dirty people
1,I would believe it even if it was made by a high school student
1,I was tricked. I was tricked
2,It's not rating 2, it's Clementine wanting a sequel
2,I think the rating is too high; to be honest, it wasn't funny--
1,Gwanggwang Rockfish Tta ㅜㅜ Cross-Cross
1,There are so many little kids who try to make people laugh by trying to fool themselves. If you are confused by the rating, pay attention to the "one-line analysis" at the bottom of the rating table, saying, "The group that likes movies the most is in their 20s." Phew, my kids
1,You guys are so mean. It was my birthday. No matter how mischievous it is, do you know how insulting this behavior is to other movies?
1,I lost all my friends while watching this movie.Because they were all swept away by the tsunami of emotion. 1 point means that it is the best masterpiece in the world.Ten years later, I still can't forget this."Daddy, wake up!"
1,Is this a movie? I'm getting cursed at. I was tricked by the rating. I was downloading Inception to watch it again, and I watched it, and I didn't even want to waste that time
4,4444 points dot 5555
1,Phew... Phew
1,It's terrible. If I had edited it well and made it probable, I would have gone halfway
1,What's this atmosphere?I don't think so. I looked at the ratings, comments, reviews, but I don't think this is it. There are so many part-timers.
1,You know that this review is all a lie, right?
1,Wow, people are so mean. I saw it thinking it was real, but the movie was so bad and the acting was bad. I watched it for 10 minutes and found out that I was tricked back here.Wow, there's a case like this. It's a relief that I only saw it for 10 minutes
1,Ha... I was tricked by my GPA
1,Are you crazy? Play jokes on the humor site.
1,I don't watch movies often, but I've never seen such a trashy movie more than 1,000 times in total. The person who made this movie should give the people who watched the movie an eye transplant When my eyes are rotten and gone
1,I will correct the credibility of the movie rating again.
1,It is a rating that some netizens raised as a joke. It's funny, but there's a fear of wasting other people's precious time.
1,I can't believe this crying
1,Honestly, I don't want to lie. Look at the rating. The reason why I give you 1 point is that this movie has a rating
1,I was tricked. Don't look. The rating is all fishing
1,Why don't you stop? Is it unfair to see this? Now, let's open the ratings. You're the reason I can't trust the movie ratings
1,The worst of the worst, Hallelujah Amenim
1,I got better after watching this movie. It's because cancer cells have cancer.
1,This kind of garbage -- garbage that can't be recycled
1,It was fun and touching, but the friends who watched it together hugged each other and cried so much that the immersion level was a little low. I guess that's why I have to watch the movie alone.I can't give you a good rating because it's a hard movie to watch together.The movie should be made for everyone to watch together, but the thing that's too touching is this
1,Why is this so high? It's manipulating
1,I can't be the only one to die!
1,a rare film in which the whole nation is fishing for fun
1,Wow, you guys
1,Are the NAVER rating agencies really North Koreans?It's just a long time
1,It's a cringe-worthy movie. It's a movie that foreigners are shocked when they play it on a foreign tour bus. Don't be fooled by the ratings.
1,After watching this movie, I got better. The cancer cells died of cancer.
1,Ratings. A gaver movie dominated by part-timers
1,The historical site of Naver's rating humiliation, which boasts an objective movie rating. Netizens mock and the ratings themselves are caricatured
1,This isn't right.Rating manipulation
1,It's a masterpiece. It's a moving
1,That's disgusting. I'd rather play Soranet than watch this
1,Why can't I trust NAVER's peace?
1,This isn't an assessment of the film, I can't evaluate it in the first place, it's a score for myself that I've only just seen this movie.
1,You know that this review is all a lie, right?
1,What's wrong with the rating?  I can't be the only one to suffer Is this it? I'm so embarrassed If foreigners watched it, they would know what the level of Korean movies are like. I really want to curse. That's why even dogs don't trust Naver's rating.
1,A film that proves how poor young men are.
1,I voted a lot, so I can't get out
1,It's one person who's been tricked.
1,Don't ever look at me, scammers
1,Go down, please
1,I'll give you 11 points. No, 1 point
1,Half of it is a waste. Don't cheat, OOOs. Stop manipulating the ratings
1,It really can't be like this. a masterpiece
1,I chose the movie after watching Clementine's Naver rating of 9.3. I regretted it the whole time I watched it. It was so weird that I read the Naver review carefully again.At last I knew. How this great work was born. Oh, this great work was a miracle from mouth to mouth.
1,http://m.post.naver.com/viewer/postView.nhn?volumeNo=2107424&memberNo=55285 15,000 Stephen Sigal-like guys, hoping there won't be any more victims.
1,The beginning of rating manipulation...
1,Why are people so childish? Yeah, it's not fun
1,Excuse me. It's really boring Do you think it would be fun to say that the movie is really fun in irony? Look at the level of Hell Joseon
1,Will anyone be fooled by this rating?
5,I don't know if I'm the only one with a sprained eye, or if the rest of the human eye without me... ...go back to the eight-year sensibilities and get a seven
1,Hey! People think Dongjun's movie is really fun after watching this. Stop it's
1,Stop it, director. He really thinks he made it well
1,Don't ever be fooled. It's a trick to make the guys who gave us 10 points watch I have watched more than 1,000 movies during this time, but I have never seen such a trashy movie
1,The reason why this comment is not recommended is probably because it gave one point to a 10-point movie
1,I was fooled by NAVER's rating A rubbish movie with no tears and no runny nose. It's a masterpiece that's convincing why it's ruined
5,When the Lord of the Rings came out, the quality of the movie was too bad. Eunseo's acting is 10 points!
1,If you think this movie is interesting, you can search for Clementine on the blog.
1,After watching this movie, I realized how scary public opinion is
1,I'll show you something!
1,No, I need to get out of here.
1,I guess there are only OOOs in the eyes here ^^
1,Ah.. It is my first time to leave a review. I am going to stop watching movie after grade. I think it's okay for those who want to see a second-rate action movie
1,You'll know when you see it.
1,[Screaming]Take it out
1,Don't ever be fooled. People who praise you are 100% druggist
1,After watching this movie, I got better.
1,Had a good GPA, so I watched it while drinking beer by myself, and I cursed from the bottom of my heart.
1,I think it's Stephen Sigal's dark history
5,Five points... I don't know what to say about this movie because I haven't seen it before. I wanted to see more, but I turned it off when I was skeptical that I could feel the deeper and deeper meaning of the movie. I hope a blind person like me only sees people who know
1,It's been a while since I saw the news that the movie was ranked No. 1 in the history of the Korean film industry, but it's still rated at 9.29 lol
1,It's too much to expect this kind of movie to be 9.3.
1,It's just a web hard point
1,For the first time, I was worried that there might be people who were fooled like me, so I wondered why the rating was so high. It's not bad, but people who look forward to it will be annoyed.
1,These people are unnecessarily united. They're trash movies.
1,The power of netizens is great.
5,Is this because it's a masterpiece or because it's a low grade?I haven't watched it yet, but I'm thinking about whether to watch it or not.
4,I want to analyze the big goal biologically by splitting the head of the director who made this movie.
1,Steven Seagal, how did you do that?
1,Oh, really... ㅠㅠ I lied to you collectively. I searched for it and watched a movie, but it's not as fun as I like it. I think it's Lee Dong-joon's family, relatives, or the staff of the film production staff! Don't be fooled. It's the worst trash movie ever! I watched it till the end ㅠㅠ
1,Since we had fun, let's get off. If you really have a conscience...Let's not spread the damage ㅜㅜ
1,I just gave Kim Sung-mo one point to energize him.
1,I lost my precious time watching this because of you guys!
1,It's not as fun as I expected.
1,The ratings for a movie that's not as good as nuclear trash are... This is ridiculous. The director who made this movie and the audience who recommended it are all trash
2,No matter how poorly written the movie is, it's your personality that makes a mockery of it when the movie isn't guilty.
1,I'm truly sorry and sorryI can't express it in any words
1,Only child actors are acting properly.
1,Ha...a movie that makes me forget what to say. Ha...
1,I really don't want to see it.
1,????- -ㅣShera shinnotᆺSagi-ku
1,No fun. Totally no fun. Really no fun
1,It's so funny that some people are still fooled by the public scam. I'll give you 1 point to win. The Ddongkko Show
1,The worst movie of my life. It's not a bad movie, but a false comment ㅠㅠ
1,Good job for three years, guys. See you later with a smile.
1,Whenever I feel sad and depressed, I came in today to see a new line review. Come to think of it, you didn't leave a horoscope.  1 point to mean that it's the number one movie in my life!
1,Yerai~ You guys are so mean. I watched it for 10 minutes and turned it off
5,There are only 1, 9, 10 points
1,There are no funny comments
1,Oh, my God-- what about people like me who've seen it without thinking? I just looked through the ratings and... If I get 100 recommendations, I'll change it to 10 points. Are you fooling me after watching the movie?
1,They all took medicine. I'm going to take vitamins and sleep
1,This is ridiculous.
1,I'm selling eyes that haven't seen this. You can trade directly in Incheon
1,One point that I give is never one point! I want to give you 11 points!
1,This is not a single point This means that it is the number one movie of all time! Praise be to God Rementin!
1,Let's not joke around. Let's never be fooled. You have to be wise.
1,Phew... I'm just kidding
1,Don't judge a movie based on the score, but watch the movie to judge it The rating is just a number
1,This is not a single pointIt is to tell you the best movie in my life
1,It's the worst movie...
1,You scammers!
1,Stop fishing, you fools
1,Let me drink some serious bottles.
1,If you look at the score distribution table, the 1 point range is 7 percent. There's nothing left. It's 9 points, 1 percent, 10 points, 90 percent.  I lost 100 minutes because of Korean con artists. 100 minutes of you?
2,a low-rating film   It's never a one-point score. He smirked at the comic under the guise of sadness and seriousness. One point for the child actor because he's cute. If the title and theme match, I want to give more points.  What else can I say?
1,I don't want anyone to be tricked
1,Clementine says there are only people who catch it.
1,Waste of time Why did I watch this is a waste of time
1,https://namu.wiki/w/%ED%81%B%A0%88%EB%A9%98%ED%83%80%EC%9D%B8(%EC%98%81%ED%99%94) 참참참참 https
5,I was neutral because I didn't know if I should give him a limp
1,Group hypnosis here? It's just a typical trash movie. It was made in 2004. It's like a 1970s movie
1,Netizens are not watching because they don't know if we're all fishing or if we'
1,I didn't lose time because of some of the comments that told me honestly 합니다I do.
1,I can't believe I beat Mr. Down because I got 1st place in the action section
1,I don't think this movie is very much. Why is everyone praising me for being funny? Am I weird?
1,Wow, take a lookTrust your choice
1,I wanted to feel the impression of the original work, so I bought a video for 790,000 won in the secondhand country. I'm tearing up on the keyboard right now...I wanted to let the people who want to see it in the order of the lowest score, so I dared to give it a point.
1,Go down, go down, go down, go down
1,This means that the first place is the best, not 1 point The best masterpiece of my life, the name Klein Men
1,I was tricked into seeing the balnyans. I still can't forget the baby's words ^^... Dad!
1,I don't know why Steven Seagull is the main character.
1,My precious time... I was tricked by NAVER rating and threw away 100 minutes of my aroud. People are making me watch trashy movies that I can't understand lol Don't watch people who are tempted by comments All anglers Don't be fooled lol
1,Rating: Don't be fooled. I turned it off in a minute after the movie. I'm happy, too
1,Don't even look at this, you crazies
1,Don't look at it. As soon as you see it, you open Pandora's box.
2,I give you 2 points overall.
1,A movie that questions whether a screen quota is necessary.
1,I'm afraid some of you might be fooled by my GPA. Don't be fooled It's a movie
1,You guys are so mischievous
1,I got pregnant with cancer after watching this movie.
1,Stop kidding me If you really want to watch this movie, watch the trailer and you'll know what a mess it is in 10 seconds.
1,I want to give you 10 points, but I can't see the screen because my eyes are too teary.
1,The poster looks like that. I wonder if there's anyone who gets fooled by the rating
1,They're scammers
1,I'm glad you didn't watch itAh, ah, ah.
1,It's trash. Don't look at it
1,Hey, people...You're so mischievous. I didn't know what was going on and I was just moved. I trusted what you said about cancer and watched it with my girlfriend who confessed a week ago. After about 20 minutes, he stood up and left, saying, "Are you teasing me?"I'm not even answering my phone right now. You guys are responsible
1,I had a nightmare after watching this yesterday. It was worse than I ever dreamed of being eaten alive by dozens of zombies
1,I guess they don't have anything to do
2,I think it's Hyunggon!
4,The number of people who went to the bathroom while watching this movie.
1,It's a movie that makes Dongjun doongkko show
1,It's not funny. Don't look We're all working hard to get high stars
1,Don't be fooled by rating manipulation. It's the worst movie that shines with an IMDb rating of 3.4.LOL
1,Mr. 125foot director, elementary schooler Sae-
1,How can you make a movie like that?Oh my god
1,It's cringe-worthy to write on purpose, saying that I can't be the only one who gets the rating lol
1,A movie with no answer... When Kim Dong Jun sang at the end, I wanted to break down the monitor
1,Everyone's writing skills are amazing
1,This is never a point. I want to give you 11 points
5,Cool. I mean it. Good, good, good
1,NAVER rating. Netizen's teamwork is amazing.It's really not fun Don't watch it. I almost broke the monitor after watching the ending.
1,Why did you say cheesy lines first?
5,What's wrong with the rating?
1,Stop kidding me. Please
2,This movie gave birth to cancer.
1,If you believe in Clementine, it would seem like 10 points, not 1
1,You'll know when you see it.One point is a waste...
1,The unity of NAVER ratings...
1,It's true that it's not fun I don't want to waste even one point
1,I wasted my time joking around.
6,It is also childish to look at as a time-consuming tool. If you turn it on before you go to bed, it's perfect for sleeping.
1,A movie that lets you cherish the fun of ordinary movies.  A movie of dreams and hopes that makes me think that I can become a movie director.
1,Bad people fooling people like this
5,It means my existence with 5 points, peace
2,What's this? I'm the victim of a public scandal. Why did you do that? Why are you all salty? Are you happy to catch him? You like it? What? The reason you're alive?What? Cancer is better? What are you trying to divorce? Why do you have a girlfriend? You guys are.
1,Thank you for letting me watch such movies. I've been feeling bored, but I think I can enjoy watching other movies more now.  Thank you.
1,It's not a movie about cancer, it's a movie about cancer. Don't be fooled by the ratings... It's a rated fishing movie. There's no article about it
1,Don't be fooled. You're so incendiary. You're so mean to me. What's the difference between you and me?
2,Oh, it's driving me crazy, you real crooks, don't you take it easy? What a bunch of crap
1,Hey, you scammers...
1,I recommend you not to watch it
