타인의 삶
1,Did Beasler like Dryman even before the wiretap? It doesn't seem to capture the change in Beasler's feelings while monitoring Dryman. I even felt contrived when I saw Beasler, an agent who seemed to be never shaken, assimilated quickly and felt pity as if he was hypnotized.  At the end, the scene in which Dryman learned about Beesler's existence and dedicated a book to him was impressive.  However, I think the evaluation and rating are higher than necessary. It's not a one-point movie, but... It is necessary to lower the rating.
5,It's like a movie that's worth watching at least once
4,
6,There are many movies about the Nazi and Holocaust, but I couldn't see a movie related to Stasi set in East Germany, so I saw it because I was disappointed. It's a movie that makes you feel like you're holding down and suppressing Stasi's people
6,Did you expect a lot because everyone praised you?
1,Honestly, I don't know...
1,To be honest, it's really crazy boring. In the middle of the movie, I watched it for five seconds. I don't know why the rating is so high. And above all, I can't relate.
6,Just enough to watch.It's like a movie that sees some kind of defeat in East German socialism;;LOL
1,It's a good movie without Hwang Jin-mi, but it's not a nine-point movie. It's obvious that anyone who's interested in German history knows a story that shows love and friendship that anyone would expect. It would be more fun to just read German history books.
5,A Rejuvenation of the Good Nature of the Cold-Blooded Man
6,Humanity is alive even if you steal other people's lives.
6,The person who gives 8 points is a fool...The person who gives 9 or 10 points is either a fool or a part-time job evaluation
6,Agent Cheol-myeon, who received a confession that he didn't know whether it was true or false with a 40-hour relay interrogation in the beginning of the movie, was influenced by a few words whispered by the writer and his lover and played the pino, showing the opposite attitude? I just don't understand. It's like writing a script with the last scene in mind.
1,I've never seen such a crazy boring movie before
6,I thought it was a good movie, but it was not fun.
6,Why should it be? You can't tell just by looking at them
5,Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for this kind of movie?The subject matter is cliche. The acting is cliche.The video was cliche. The production was cliche. There seemed to be a concern about how to end it, but that's it.It's like watching a old German movie.Nothing has changed, whether it's acting or video.Hah!
1,There are a lot of problems with Naver movie ratings.
1,I was bored to death. I turned it off after 10 minutes. It didn't stimulate my interest.
1,It's so boring
6,It was hard to sympathize with Beesler's changing appearance by the lives of Dryman and Christa.Was their behavior and love special?
2,It's really boring. It's not fun.I don't think they made it for the box office.
5,I know what you're trying to say, but I can't help it if I don't agree with you
5,It's touching, but it's boring.
1,It's kind of boring, it's hard to understand.Why did the security guy help the writer and why he said the male writer was dull even though the female lead came out?It's kind of hard for me?!I think the movie has a high ratingI'll give you half a star
1,It's a movie that makes you wonder what it is. It's really boring and profound
4,It was kind of boring, but at the end, it warmed my heart
5,It's a good movie...But I'm not my type
6,I trusted the rating, but it was boring because I often heard and read a lot.
5,I downloaded it because I thought it was someone else's taste, but I can't concentrate because I slept a little yesterday for 27 minutes. Number one smokes and number one looks at it again while searching on the phone.  I'll watch it until the end, right?
5,It's a sad ending
5,It's terribly boring. If I had focused on the movie, I could have found a lot of lessons, but I couldn't concentrate before that, so I was sleepy. It's fun to stay on your butt for a long time.
5,Well, I don't understand why Beazler is moved and starting to change -- lol, and it's so boring
6,Another movie about an individual who can't help but be swept away by the flow of history. It's worth considering the dilemma between reality and art if you're an artist, but it's kind of boring. Most of all, I think the wiretaps lacked a lot of persuasion about how they changed their minds
1,The movie is fine, but the rating needs to be adjusted, so I give it a point
1,A masterpiece is another's sleep. I can't help but sleep all the whole time Is this fun, guys?
5,It's boring. Phew...As expected, Japan is the best when it comes to hidden cameras!
4,not much.
5,I was bored for 2 hours to see the ending for 1 minute.
1,Ratings. Overall, there are so many things to be desired.An impressive ending will last long and deep
6,Honestly, it was really boring   I like dramas and movies, but this is dog-jiru
5,Jam up, go, go, go, pervert!
2,Like the flowing river, I found myself weak in drama genre
6,Hmm... good storage but boring...
6,Why did Beasler do that? What's the tough side of you in the beginning of the lecture? What is he? Xiang
6,Sounds like a good movie, but I don't know what to say
1,It's really boring. It's a waste of time.crying
2,To be honest, I only felt bad
6,I saw it because of the rating, but it's so hard;;
6,Is my soul rotten... Why can't I relate to it? I'm sad ㅠㅠㅠ
1,The rating is too high... I think it's an example of a difference in eye level.
1,It's so boring
6,I think the rating is too high.
1,The whole story is boring
1,An unanswered invasion of privacy
1,What are you saying?
6,I know it's moving, but... Why don't I feel anything?
3,Shin Pazo's Narrow Reality Show
1,We might have different tastes. I think you're worse at cursing people who say they don't like it.
4,It's been a while since I saw him. It wasn't as good as I thought;
6,It's okay, but the name of a German movie is so hard...
6,Commonness
6,To be honest, 9,900 won is a waste
5,Stephen King's movie recommendation? I can't concentrate because I can't concentrate on the movie. I need to find the story to understand
1,Personally, it was really boring
5,an obvious content
6,A movie that made me know that I was extremely emotionally dry. A movie that was so lukewarm.
6,I had to endure the boredom of an hour and a half to impress the ending.
1,It's okay, but the rating is too high
6,I was fooled by the netizens' score.I don't think it'
1,Why am I crying and not feeling touched?
6,Still, I like the heavy German camera movement.
1,For some reason...
1,In a word, it was boring.
6,It's touching, but it's also boring...
1,Boring.
1,without regard for others
5,The front part is boring...
2,I don't like movies like this--
1,I was bored and sleepy
6,Honestly, this is... It's not a special express.
1,Boring.
1,Make sure to watch it!!! I can't be the only one fooled
1,The sweet wrapper of anti-democracy and anti-dictatorship anti-communism they want
5,A film for politically correct, art-loving sentimental fools
4,It took me three days to watch it. I can't stand it. Boring
1,Endless race of boredom and frustration with no consideration for the audience. Don't watch it.
1,I thought I was going to die
6,I can't believe that this movie has more than 9 points... Everyone has a different perspective
1,I thought I was going to die of boredom
6,I'm sorry to hear that you're so talented.
1,I feel like I'm looking at an abstract painting.
6,Why do I think it's a cliche? Why does it feel unnatural?
1,Why is this first place? Why, why, why, why!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,Why is this a current movie?
4,I know it's a good movie and it's touching, but I'm sleepy
6,The food comes out late, so I have to wait a bit, but it's delicious
5,I waited a long time to see the last five minutes. Boringly...
1,A movie I watch when I go to sleep
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,Giroud
1,I'd rather watch the Autobots than watch things like this
1,I don't like Yankee
1,That's right
1,Here's the score management.
1,The Beautiful Story of German Divisions and Unification
1,The score is too high. 1 point. I shivered with boredom the whole time I watched
1,I don't know why it has such a high rating. It was just a movie like that.
6,I was moved for a moment, but I don't feel anything as time goes by
1,I saw it because I was falling for a friend, but it was boring. I thought it was a die.
6,I had to put up with 10 things because of one emotion.
1,not much
1,This is a movie
3,a domino that collapses in a cheerful constructionBut if you were a little more writer, there would be no queer
1,It's a long time ago
3,What is this...
1,Adjustment required..
6,How hard it is to protect your faith with your life as security.
1,It's not fun. Honestly, it's so boring. Why is the score so high? It was a waste of time
6,Why did Beasler do that?
1,It was fine, but it was too boring for the rating. To lower the rating...
6,It's strange that a cold-blooded secret agent suddenly changes and I don't know why I'm moved
1,What kind of life...
6,to impress the audience with a story that seems so predictable and so predictable
1,This is the first movie that I fell asleep while watching it.  It's a movie that's too good to give a point
1, as it is
6,Don't be ridiculous.The whole story is good, but I gained weight
2,Service for a divided nation?Not normal.I am not! I am a professional.DDR
1,Well, roughly...
5,I don't understand the rating.Not my cup of tea.
6,It wasn't fun because I knew the whole story. It would have been better if I didn't know. I was a little sleepy.
1,I can't stand being bored
1,It's a foreign movie
1,Honestly, I don't want to give you a point.It's boring and the ending is pretty cool.
5,It's a little difficult and half boring. I don't recommend it!
1,What is it? I was tricked. The rating... I'm falling asleep. The worst movie in my life
6,It's a touching movie to watch when you have a lot of time.It was boring.
1,What's the rating? -_-; So boring...
5,Oestie was very good, not very good.
1,It went up so fast and when it fell...
3,The content was good but boring. The rating is too high.
6,Personal information + a dramatic movie?
1,What's the difference in nature from this quilibrium? The rating bubble is too much.
6,No tension, boring, German in a word
5,In retrospect, stupid people who struggle with nothing and have a hard life for themselves.
1,It's a good movie, but it's not a rating like this.
1,But first place was too muchFrom what I've seen,
1,It's not a movie with such a high rating
1,This is...
1,Just.
1,Good movie but isn't 9.23 too high?
1,It reminds me of Kim Taekchon I don't care if you make me sleepyThis is it, right?
1,Whenever a calm movie comes out, they say it's a masterpiece. I regret watching it with money
1,Lower the score--
1,Oh, I slipped by mistake
1,How dare you overcome the show shank escape? It's OOO movie
1,Wow, it's the first time I've ever seen a movie critic
4,Honestly, I'm bored. There's a story to it, but... That's a bit too much. Do you really have a part-time job?
2,Only the last look of the person is scored.It's boring
1,Let's keep the score. Your rating is too high. Is it all part-time job?
1,Rating and Administration Committee
5,The movie is a little difficult. It must be fun for people who watch movies.
4,I don't know if it's that funny.- The boredom that came after a long time
3,I dozed off
1,It's not fun... I don't recommend it.
