쿨 러닝
6,
5,The casting of 4 characters with unique characters
1,It's a movie that's at the level of elementary school movies
1,It's not fun. I just turned it off and watched it. As expected, it's not fun
6,It's a ridiculously poor movie now, but I was very impressed when I was young.
1,It can't be helped. It's not fun if you look at it now
5,Nice, ingenious and funny.
5,The Korean national film team seems to have plagiarized this movie a lot, but personally, the national team seems to have a better code
1,This was for real, right?
5,The old movie, Cool Running...
6,It's okay to say that it's the original work of the national team, but it's not smooth, but it's fun and touching
1,It stimulates emotions with forced tears The app, etc., makes app, etc. It makes app, etc. It makes app, etc. It makes app, etc. O
6,The last will of the national team to continue to appear cannot be seen without tears
6,a neat, uncut, angular adaptation It's an easy movie that's easy to watch and overlooked as a popular movie.
6,One of the best sports movies to impress and delight everyone.
2,Well, the national team wrote this anyway
1,The plot tells you the whole story -- what kind of mindless guy wrote it?
3,It's a true drama that doesn't have merit even if you look it up.
1,The national team has no conscience, and the conflict between father and son is the same, and the environment is poor in winter sports
5,It's not that...
6,Just a sports movie to enjoy...
2,Isn't this movie similar to the story of the national team? New stories and developments
1,It's not funny. It's just an old movie
2,I can't watch it till the end because I'm bored
4,I think I'm going to have to take an after-school class because I'm not good enough
1,I don't think it's in the 9-point range.
1,That's not fun.
1,It's just a comedy
1,I'm so touched
1,be far from my taste
6,a maximum of seven films
1,a member of the national team
6,Isn't it boring to look at now?
1,Why are you looking at this?
1,How does this compare to a national team member? The national team is the best!
5,I hope you enjoyed it.About 7 points
1,I guess it's a movie that imitates Korea University.
1,National University of Korea University...
1,The national team is the best!
1,Why is the score so high?
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's fun, but it's not like this. It's lower than the frequency
6,What's more important than "Finish line" is that you overcame it even if it was hard
1,It's hot... It's hot.
1,The ball is in a fit
1,The rating is too high
5,I'm just, like, like that. Why are you all so popular?
6,I watched "Infinite Challenge" and it was so touching and fun
1,Once you start running wild, you can't stop it
6,How can this movie be rated higher than Armageddon?
1,This isn't right.
1,It's not that bad.
6,I'm so touched
1,-,- You're taking off the jamming. It's hard
6,I thought it was really funny, but it's not funny.It's not bad. I feel like I'm fooled
1,A movie with 7 points is appropriate.^^
6,The power of sports to make the impossible possible...
1,Old movies should disappear from the rating standards K
1,I'm going to adjust the rating.
1,If one participant gives 10 points, that's number one... I don't think we should count the number of people
5,Is this a movie that deserves a high rating? It's a normal movie
1,It's a good movie with a score of seven, but I'm annoyed by the people who gave me a ridiculous 10 points
1,Worst movie ever...A movie that's not worth discussing. It's such a waste of time that I'm crying
1,It's a waste of 0.5 point--ㅡㅡ
1,Don't just look at the ratings, just look at the release year
1,I didn't want to see it.
1,I really enjoyed watching it.It's touching.
1,It's kind of weird
1,Casilmang...
1,What... When was this a movie?
1,It's not fun
1,the worst
1,This movie time is one and a half hours long, it is fun, but how can I say it in a day?
1,It wasn't good!
1,Why did I put money on this... Unbelievable rating
2,That's a lot of foam. It's not good
1,I watched it because people said it was fun during "Kidding" but it didn't feel much different...Is this fun?
1,Are you kidding me? It's a faraway trash movie
1,This isn't it. 2
4,Well, it's interesting, but it's not a nine-point movie.
1,This isn't it
1,Oh, that's the worst
1,It's nice, but...
4,It's a mess.
1,It's a good movie, but... 9.7... That's too much
5,Thank God it's not a forced happy ending.
6,I'm so touched. It must have been the best
6,I've seen it dozens of times since I was young, but it still gives me fun
