알라딘
4,It was fun, but it was too unconventional for the values of Jasmine and Aladdin's actions in the beginning
2,Jaffa doesn't suit you. Looks like a drug dealer from Maxico in the back alley in the south of the United States, and why are the servants white?
4,I was a little bored
2,A movie that only those who didn't watch the original animation in the 1990s can say is good. Most teens and 20s who are actually touched. However, it is somewhat disappointing, as critics say, if they expected the level of Annie's original work.
5,It's like a movie that pretends to be awake
6,It's better to be a cartoon when you were very young.Is it a movie that's going to get 12 million hearts?
1,It was like a dog's English test
1,It's so boring. The story is random and loud.In the beauty of stealing...The news is interesting because it is exam period...I like the image only
1,Why is everyone saying it's fun? The video and OST have become fancy, but the color is too much and the OST doesn't seem to be able to keep up with the original. Especially Prince Ali and A Whole New World. Jasmine doesn't seem to be a very progressive character either. It's so funny to call Jasmine a simple Aladdin's helper. The original Jasmine is more active. Jaffa is not attractive either. Will Smith's Genie is perfect, so he chose acting as a point of appreciation.
6,I really liked "Boys and Girls' Dream Disney Aladdin" I really liked the graphic for the live version I'm very attached to Will Smith's appearance. I'm more attached to the family than to adults, so the children like the emotions a lot, but I like the cast and Aladdin themselves, so I'll keep it. I'll come back with a good work I should have gotten your autograph from Dubai
4,It's pretty good to watch, it's kind of fun
6,I don't know if it smells good, but the movie is Jamit
2,Make it make sense!
6,It doesn't go beyond the inspiration of the original, but as a musical film, it's pretty good
1,The most boring movie I've ever seen. Top 1
6,Post-Frozen Aladdin Live Edition. Jasmine and Genie are attractive.
1,I'm bored.Just looking at the time
6,Jam-s fun!
4,It's too long. Cartoons are better
3,It's just not fun, really.
6,Maybe because I saw him once a year ago, I wasn't impressed. What I realized was that no matter how fun a movie is, the fun is halved as soon as I watch it again in the theater.
1,I came out because it wasn't fun while watching Is it a movie or a forced musical? It's so boring
6,But there's a way to hand over the lamp to Jasmine at the end.
6,Genie was too talkative
5,As an adult, it's worth watching. If you don't play songs, I'll fall asleep. A movie that kids will like
6,Movies have advanced, but they are not as interesting as animations 원작 I miss Genie, played by Robin Williams
6,Aladdin's reinterpretation with spectacular CG effects
1,Jasmine doesn't know what she's doing throughout the movie. mental harm
6,A movie for Genie by Genie. Aladdin's presence was weak, and Jasmine's songs lacked great power. As a result, Genie struggled, but the title of the movie is Aladdin. If I had changed casting for male and female actors, I wouldn't have felt like this mess.
1,6.5 would be enough. No fun
4,If the proportion of Genie was too large compared to the existing interesting story, the main characters seemed small and the overall balance was unfortunate
1,Like someone else's rating, I was deluded as if I was really watching a Bollywood movie throughout the running time.
1,If you watch this movie for the first time, you'll see an Akina... I'll think about it
4,
5,The title should be Jasmine, not Aladdin. Feminism. It's definitely a good movement that stands at the center of the change of the times. However, feminism, which has broken into existing masterpieces, is not very welcome. Aladdin, the main character, will become a best man and leave nothing but emptiness for those who want to reminisce about their childhood.Feminism. It's definitely a good movement, but I want them to write their own stories instead of undermining existing masterpieces.
2,In the sequel, the voice actors Sa Moon-young and Shim Kyu-hyuk were Jjala, so the original voice actors Hong Young-ran and Kang Soo-jin were dubbed well, but the acting was so clumsy and the character was not properly saved.
5,First of all, I agree with the visual beauty and OST, but the Aladdin character is almost a folding screen and the story is so boring, in fact, actress singing ability + Will Smith one-man show...
5,I should change the title to "Genie, the Fairy of the Lamp". The main character is Genie. It was not fun until the genie came out, and Aladdin was ugly, so Jaffa was so different, not scary, just imitating. Clothes and walking sticks are like toys. The atmosphere has changed since Genie came out. Still, it was not that fun, and when Genie came out, people's clothes were colorful when they danced. The genie and the rug did it all. The dance at the ending was exciting and the eyes were pleasant.
6,Jasmine is so pretty because she thinks it's not just an exciting movie and deep story.^*♡
6,a rare film with a live-action film
5,It's obviously sloppy, but I don't think there's a way to be sharp even with all the Disney geniuses
1,a film that is not in one's personal taste
6,CG eats away at Will Smith's acting, Jaffa lacks charisma, and the added characters do nothing...There are a lot of weaknesses, but the original movie is "Aladdin"
4,I finished the villain role roughly, picked the original story roughly, put the woman's initiative roughly, and everything was roughly made, but it was a strange movie that scored higher than the original story
1,This S...B... Namjoo is a foreign worker. Women are active gold spoon.Disney always skips it;; It's a money-for-money scandal that's used to incite children to the left.
1,Park Pyung-sik's review is perfect. It wasn't that great... Even if you ask people around you, you can't really like it. It's colorful and colorful. That's all. Forced jokes are a bonus
5,It's fun, but it's not about the story, but about the beauty of the video and the music
6,
6,The music reminds me of the past and the actors' acting is good, but the flow of the play is not smooth and floats around. If you don't know the original story, there are quite a few parts that you might think, "No, why?" Jaffa is especially clumsy
6,I didn't watch the original animation, so I don't know what it would be like when I compared it, but there was nothing to watch except for the spectacular visual beauty. But the visual beauty and the OST were good.
1,I want to give you 10 points, but I give you 1 point.  The Terminator is old enough to start a family?  I think I'm a fool because I kept looking forward to the ending.Terminator 2 is the best ever since the series has been rolled up.
6,A movie that only reminds me of Genie
6,It would have been a good movie without the animation. I was disappointed from the first song. Will Smith's voice wasn't deep enough and wasn't tasty enough to impress. The arrangement was not so good, and it was also short of the original animation for a long time ago.
6,Why does Namjoo look so pathetic? There are a lot of handsome Indian actors
6,About 6 points. For killing time.
6,Jasmine's correction, to a certain extent, was too much to invalidate Jafa's first wish with one persuasion
6,It was fun.My daughter watched it with her friends
2,It was boring and boring. It's a waste of money.
4,It's just fancy without hesitation.
6,
6,Genie did everything. As expected, the omnipotent Genie
6,Jasmine Wakku and Red Tuck got 10 points
6,Well, I don't know.
6,It was so boring
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kids
6,Universal fun. Nothing special.
5,Only the song is good
6,It's disappointing except for Will Smith
1,Annie's antics and unimpressed. Jasmine is really pretty. Jaffa is miscasting. Genie is a hard carry.
6,It's fun to watch...
4,All I can think of is Genie
6,[S5 V8 D5 A5] The more I saw the male lead, the less attractive he was, and the story and development were as good as children's cartoons. Will Smith's genie thought it would go well with Jasmine's appearance. The movie would have been terrible if it were not these two.
6,It was fun. The kids like it
6,
6,Personally, I don't think I was better than the original
6,The song SPEECHLESS was so good. TT sub couple is lovely too...
6,It's just... Ordinary Aladdin
4,unattractive characters It's too lengthy.
6,He is a man in his late 20s.This movie makes me cringe.The actors were singing and...I dropped out because I didn't have enough horsepower
6,It was interesting that it came out as a live show, and it was too bad for Will Smith to fill my imagination alone. By the way, the charming Will Smith...  The outfit was especially unfortunate. I couldn't help but feel like the video was less. Where is the charm of the male protagonist? It was a shame that my review was as bad as my rating. Speachless..
2,I really enjoyed watching the animation Aladdin and I really liked the theme song. Honestly, I was wondering if Will Smith would fit in the role of Genie. I've seen signs of effort, but it doesn't suit me. It's plain. There's no place to stand out from the production, and it's all just plain. The villain role is really important, but he's really bad at it. Is the director's direction wrong?  Are the other actors from India?There was a part that I thought was funny in the beginning, but it's been flat since then. I'm not impressed. I think it would have been better if I had just expressed Aladdin in a completely different way.This movie has 10 million viewers? That's ridiculous.My review is, in a word, boring. It's between normal and low.The old Aladdin animation is a masterpiece, but I think it is a good movie only if there is a special personality in each movie. It's not this movie
6,I didn't have much fun. My son wanted to go see it, so I watched it, but I fell asleep 10 minutes after the movie started.
6,Jaffa was really bad I don't like everything
6,It's fun!~~~^^
5,I'm so curious. I'm so curious for no reason
6,I like them all, but jasmine isn't that...
1,It even destroyed my childhood sentiments.
5,The original animation, Jasmine, is attractive because she looks sexy and sexy because she looks like a cat, but the movie, Jasmine Naomi Scott, has broad shoulders on her puppy face. It's good to have a full chest, but it looks too small and hard. Not sexy.
6,Obvious, childish and boring
4,Too Much Genie's Battle of the Main Guest
5,I enjoyed it. As expected, I'm not good with movies like this Isn't a modern movie a good one?
1,I thought it was Bollywood
2,I've forgotten it since I saw itI write it because it reminds me of. Aladdin was fun.
4,It's hard to watch even if you download the memory score.My energy goes up only when the song comes out.If it wasn't for Will Smith, 1 point.
1,I admit that the OST was excellent if it wasn't fun because I didn't like this kind of movie
1,It's incomparable to the original. But the OST is really good
4,A movie that doesn't leave much behind except for OST and Genie, and Jasmine says she's stealing bread from someone who wants to be a sultan, and she's only trying, but she doesn't have the ability to be a sultan.
2,Did I expect too much?That's disappointing!
1,I enjoyed watching it.
6,Is it fun to watch it in theaters? I didn't have enough fun to understand that it was over 10 million
6,It was nice to see you as a family
6,A movie that is interesting but cannot be touched by the original.Also, it's fun because it's so fun
6,So so so
6,
6,I like the elements that evoke the nostalgia of the animation in several places, and the visual beauty is very pretty. It cost a lot of capital, but it's hard to approach the impression of the original work and it's a shame that it's a little too much.
4,I'm not that depressed. Dark...;;  Oh my god
6,Some say it's over the original, but it's definitely not. Every time I see Will Smith, I think of Robin Williams. Aside from everything else, Aladdin is an actor. I tried to be funny, but I woke up because of his pronunciation and acting skills
6,The hip-hop swag genie that Will Smith interpreted is worth watching, but...
6,It's fun. The setting doesn't make sense. Well, it's a kid's movie, so it's worth considering. The heroine is pretty.
2,The whole time I watched it was so...It was boring...
4,What's fun except for the song? It's a song that I've been listening to since a long time ago and I'm familiar with it. Is this a movie that's over 10 million?
2,He gave two breads without money and ended up getting angry at the owner and singing and running away. I'll see you one day.
1,It's nothing. It's flashy.
5,But if it's this popular in Korea, shouldn't it be uploaded with the original if you type "Aladdin" on NAVER?
4,A movie that's fun but doesn't have a good story.The production is flashy, the development is fast, and everything is good, but sometimes it drags out in the content that's not important at all, so what is this? I wanted to. I'm flattered for adding feminism, but I should've added it in a way that suits me. The feminist point is weird.It should have been the concept of a fully capable woman denying a society in which only men rise to the ruling class and speaking out to become a sultan.But Jasmine was too incapable. He was the main character who could only speak his voice and didn't have much concept.The story is about a woman who has no ability objectively speaking out because she is just a sultan's daughter.I don't understand why you like it when it's a disgrace to feminism.
3,Disney's live-action story. Another failure. 2D sensibility and Robin Williams' genie that you can't overcome no matter how much you use CG. Rather than adding Jasmine, who sings Let It Go, we should have turned Frozen into reality.
6,I'm enjoying myself on a fantasticIt was a fun episode
6,Everything is satisfactory except for the unbecoming Jaffa and the bizarre development, especially Will Smith's Genie
2,Maybe it's because I don't like musical movies.I don't know what to do I?
1,A spoonful of Femi in the cooked rice.
1,It's a movie with 5 points, but there's a lot of bubble coming
6,The Aladdin in my memory was edited a lot.
2,Oh, the storyline is really like "C" I thought it was a bummer
2,It's a little childish
6,So what did Jasmine do other than sing a good song well? I thought you were a real sultan and a girl crush, and I thought you were amazing, but you're nothing more than a daughter born into a royal family, and it's fun, but it'd be perfect if the Femies didn't add a spiritual meaning to it
1,I think the rating is too high
1,How can you still rank 7th in all-time movie ratings? LOL
6,It was just like that
6,Will Smith's version of Genie was the best in the movie.
5,An ordinary Disney movie, for spectacular screens and music.
1,Guy's delusional play that he made because he wanted to do rich
2,When will it be released? I haven't seen it yet
6,The first scene is OO cancer. You stole someone else's bread and gave it to the kids, but you're so confident
5,It wasn't as fun as I thought
6,Personally, I don't like singing. Slept.
5,I think I did a good job with the original. Will Smith was good.
5,I didn't look good I fell asleep
6,There's nothing but Will Smith Will Smith did it all But I don't like PC because I'm a woman and I can't be a king, but I only try to study and study is useless without economic concept, and I only achieved princess, and I don't want to see Disney style pc anymore
6,It's a movie that only shows the song and Will Smith's acting
2,This is a movie worth 12.55 million won.Don't make a fuss about this movie because it's fun because there are people like me who don't like it.I would sing like a musical in between, and the lamp would be taken away several times, so I would increase the running time. Phew, it's just a children's movie
6,(G)I-DLE, it's nice to see you
1,Why do you make Aladdin into a musical movie?
4,A gold spoon with no economic knowledge becomes king with pure blood buffs
1,The animation is much better ㅠㅠ...Aladdin is handsome, but he can't keep up with it. He can't act, he can't play the villain, he's so different from animation
5,It was so distracting and childish. I'd rather watch Toy Story 3 or Inside Out again.
4,It wasn't that funny.
2,I fell asleep while watching a movie that's perfect for sleeping
6,a sharp drop in density from mid to late
1,It's a movie, but I don't know what song comes out so much. Let's just say the lines like a movie. It's not even a musical, but I keep singing and I don't know what I'm doing It was obvious because I knew all the contents.
6,Just watch Disney original animation. Why is this movie so popular in Korea?I don't understand -- lol
1,Isn't that proof that people are getting stupid?Is it because there are a lot of parents who went with them to show their children?It seems serious.
6,I enjoy watching animations, so I watch them often, but I enjoyed watching them
1,Yeah, Guy Ritchie, make a movie for the kids now
1,Did I expect too much from the score? Is the reason why we chose CG and character actors who are more awkward than avatars of 10 years old because of their appearance? Or because they are good at dancing and singing? When I looked at his acting skills, honestly, it wasn't good. I think it's a masterpiece that only remains as the original.
1,Stop it now.I'm sick of it
2,Not really, not really, not really
3,With CG...
5,It's kind of boring
1,I'll take out a song and the rest
3,It was a very boring movie to give 3 points because of the attractiveness of male and female actors
2,It's like a Disney-style musical. The Indian movie has a strong Masala vibe is strong. He lacked the power to immerse himself in the play. The story lacks the power. 1 more point because the group dance was cool. I liked La La Land or the Great Showman more
1,What do you mean? Please look at Aladdin 1 animation and type it
2,It's a movie that made Disney feel that it won't be able to surpass animation in real life
1,I am in my 40s but I like animation and Disney. I don't think this is right. What movie has a rating of more than 9 million? I really don't get it
4,Why is the genie biased Why is the wish depending on interpretation Why is the main character less active than the monkey?
1,I just don't like the movie of singing. That's why I don't watch Indian movies
6,Is it fun? I'm going to tease you
6,Only one Will Smith performance was memorable.
6,It's a little childish to watch after I get older, but from a standpoint of knowing the original, it was like Aladdin, so you shouldn't expect too much from the story
1,It's not a movie that's going to be this highly regarded
1,A princess who wants to be a sultan doesn't know anything about the country's economic and political situation, and she's just saying that she's giving whatever she's selling to the kids, and she's hungry I want to be a sultan without even knowing how the most basic goods are traded You should have studied at the palace
1,The worst movie I've ever seen this year, the ultimate in childishness and boredom, along with Bohemian Rhapsody, was so sleepy that I couldn't take my eyes off it
1,The original distortion of a young woman being sultanated with a typical Disney-style feminist PCism... Laughing sultan? LOL
2,I'm afraid of what they'll learn from the story of a beautiful female protagonist and a thief male protagonist who doesn't pay and gives bread to other children
6,I don't think a live-action movie is bad if I make it like this, but 12 million viewers are interesting
1,I'd rather watch Annie one more time
6,I guess it wasn't fun for the 2nd graders
6,The OST is really good
1,Jasmine comes out enterprising, but there's nothing to do with a song. Aladdin and the monkey are doing nothing but flirting, sitting on the sultan's seat. Is it enterprising to put a spoon on what a man does?
4,Why am I not touched?
6,Honestly, I don't know why it's so popular. The kids would have liked it if they saw it.
1,Fun but requires rating adjustment
1,Why do I keep erasing the rating? less than one-tenth of the original film Lack of control over the press, and control the ratings of the movie? It's North Korea. Totally. I can't even say that it's disgusting
5,The song was good. The song...
6,Reminds me of Sinbad's adventures when I was a kid.I was so innocent back then.Why can't I touch a live-action movie?
5,For children. I guess I've lived in the world too long to be touched.
2,Personally, I don't like coming out like a musical.
6,How hard and depressing is life waiting for 12 million people to see this? A cheerful fairy who makes your wish come true?
6,It's like reading a fairy tale
1,How could that be a pillow like that' There's a live-action because there's an original You can't beat the original Jasmine Aladdin, the original is much prettier and more handsome, Jasmine, dyed hair, lovely, but the real thing is, she's not attractive to you, Will Smith is not a genie, she's just a black friend
4,I don't recommend it to people who don't like musical movies.
4,What's so funny about this? I think middle school would be fun. Am I the only trash? in the middle
3,Boring and brazen. Why am I watching this? it occurred to me that
6,The eyes were pleasant and the altruistic spell was touching
2,- Childish and boring... - I don't understand those who praise himlol
4,Stop it, you guys. ㅜㅜ
4,It's a perfect movie to watch when I was young. It's not fun at all. It'd be better to remake it in 3D animation
5,Oh, the story goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on, it's true that Jasmine was just sitting still
1,It's the first time Disney has ever seen a boring childish movie. I can't watch it because I'm too young
1,I'm not funny and childish.  It's a story that kindergarteners and elementary school students will like. I can't concentrate because it's a musical.
1,I'll give you 1 point. I went to the movies and I fell for the musical
5,Honestly, 9 points is nothing more than a time-killing movie
4,It wasn't my cup of tea.
6,More than expected? The score for the female lead's song
1,He's the most boring person in my life
6,Just a comfortable movie. Why is the rating so high?
6,It was just like that. It's not that it's not boring, but it's definitely not this high, but it's a part-time job.;;
6,To be honest, it was boring.  For adults, it's not very...
6,one's place where everyone deserves to visit
4,It's childish for an old man
6,I watched it as dubbing with my daughter in second grade, but it's not that impressiveI think Will Smith did it all^^ It's been a while since I saw a movie, but there's a song and dance, so it's fun and the screen is fancy, so I'm enjoying it^^
1,... It just comes out...
6,There's nothing to see but Will Smith's laugh code
4,I can't believe there are so many people living in this world who are impressed by this kind of film
2,It's just a movie for elementary school students.The story is childish, and that's it.People who say it's really funny are just old memories.
1,This is 12 million?? Wow, that's amazing.The songs are all good, but the story is completely logical
6,With the soundtrack and happy ending that everyone knows, and the charm of the cute Genie,
5,I don't like the story, but the last one is fun
4,Is it different from Fordy? Did I expect too much?
3,Rotten 57% Man in Black 22%. Trite and childish.
6,He's going to watch it with his kid. He doesn't check if it's dubbed. He only watched the first 20 minutes, so I don't know what it's about (Crying
3,If you watch Rotten Tomato in the U.S., the movie has very low rating. It's hard to understand if it's only popular in Korea.
5,It's a shame that a well-made movie for killing time, Genie, becomes a human being. The director misses the body of freedom. It's sad that Jaffa is missing the song. ㅠㅠ The original is not going to be able to jump over
6,a Disney movie that I knew
5,Whether I'm behind the times. It's not fun. I only remember Speechless songs.
4,Is the male lead acting like a male character?I'd rather cast Jang Soo-won.I don't know if I got Botox on my face. - It's a good movie except for the male lead
6,Genie is not as good as animation.
6,I guess they were looking forward to it because they said it was fun.It seems like a common Bollywood style movie, but it was boring because the story was obvious because it was a classic. Is it because I'm not Disney fan? Only Mena Masood's forced dance was impressive.
4,Be serious. Everything is childish except Will Smith
6,A movie that's made to the level of an elementary student. Perhaps because of the high expectations, the disappointment is also great.
4,It was not good because Will Smith's role stood out so much, and the person who played the magician was neither evil nor funny, so he seemed less nervous. I think it was a movie that children would like very much.
2,Abu did a great job.
2,No, all the movies were good. Parents, please cover your mouth Please
1,Is this jam? I really don't understand
6,a Disney-style mixed soup It's fun, but the limit is clear. Orientalism is still the same, and the subjectivity of female characters is only packaging. Dancing and singing are fun, but I can't believe they're Arabian Nights while imitating Indian Matsalamovi. The princess will not be silent Shout out, the song only rings in the palace.
1,The rating is so high that I give it a point to correct it, there were many parts that were not quite smooth, but it is a pretty fun movie considering that it is a children's movie. I also like Disney/Pixar movies, but this Aladdin has a perfect score of 8.5
6,More than I expected, it's just... Speechless is better on YouTube as well. Will Smith Genie, who was worried...It's Genie itself And Jasmine's beauty is very
6,I think it's good to take out Genie's test because I know how it feels at the end.
5,In the beginning, I got mad at the princess picking up other people's bread, giving it to the kids, saying that I didn't have money, and glorifying Aladdin as the main character from a third party's perspective
1,How long are you going to be on the web hard? -_- Stop it'
6,It's a life-boosting story that Will Smith knows, but that's it
1,Is this really fun?  I really don't understand the movie taste. I turned it off while watching a movie after a long time ago.
6,Personally, it's not likely
6,The reviews were good and everyone said it was so much fun, so I looked forward to it, but it fell short of my expectations. It's worth watching, but it's not fun enough to be so popular. Surprised that there's such a big difference in taste
1,It's not as bad as rumors
1,The ratings for the movies they watch are too high
4,It's so childish that I'm embarrassed. This is an insult to the original
6,Princess Jasmine, who became king, is impressive
2,I'm the one who knows my GPA!!!I think the world is going crazy, this is like 10 million movies, this isn't truely this is not it!It's really ridiculous
5,The OST was really good, but I was looking forward to it because of the reviews around me
6,I think this is not a movie for Aladdin, but a movie for Genie
4,Aladdin, Jafa's acting skills are really... T
6,They're a little scared and they can't concentrate~;;
6,It's just worth seeing. I don't recommend it to people who watched animations
6,Very fancy radish flavor! Jasmine, who lost what to say to Genie's favoritism and only asks for her to do well, is annoyed... The animation I watched as a teenager, Aladdin, and now friends are with their children except me! This is very sad!
1,I fall asleep while watching it... Elementary school students would say it's
2,Seriously... Is this movie fun?Ugh.
1,The original is better. And the characteristics...Disney is not just a movie made up of the main characters, but the main characters stand out because they have a clear presence. Jaffa's getting a little...I only put on CG, but I don't feel any sense of crisis because there's no action or direction.
5,Will Smith, flying rug and Abu? A movie hard carried by a monkey. This vacation is more than a movie
1,Wow, it's so boring. Why in the world is that rating?
4,Are you all part-time jobs? Let's watch the animation first and talk
1,I personally think it's the worst movie
6,I'm suspicious of the intelligence of a movie character who has nothing to watch other than Genie
3,I can feel that it was made with money as if there was no probability or message made of unattractive characters!
6,It was a movie full of things to see
6,It's just an elementary movie. Fooled by the ratings
2,It's totally the best~~
5,Aladdin's live story OST from my childhood
5,It's the end of a live-action movie
2,What is it? I saw it at home.  It was so sloppy. Did you hit the box office with the music you heard at the theater with a lot of sound?
1,childish with a sloppy and cliche story It's a movie that has nothing to do but sing
5,What if Will Smith didn't play the genie?
1,Maybe because I'm old now, I'm not impressed.  Where am I supposed to have fun? I should listen to Phoebe Bryson's Whole New World again.
1,Oh... The movie of OO...I'm yawning when it'll be fun until it's over
4,It's not that fun, but why is it playing for a long time? You're revealing a lot of money
1,Oh my... It's like a kid's skit. I can't watch it because it's so childish.
3,Who said Aladdin was funny?The song is good, but that's it. That's the story. Genie rules are earring, nose, and nose. -_- LOL
5,I only remember Genie after the movie. As expected, memories should be left as memories.
1,Am I weird?It's not funny --;
6,I don't understand why it was a big hit in our country. But Will Smith, who kicked "Men in Black" and chose the movie, is the winner!
6,I think it's a kill-
1,That's a lot of fun. Ha ha.
1,I don't understand adults saying this is funny. It's so obvious and childish
5,Just for the kids. Or watch it because you like the fancy screen.
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?Annie is a thousand times more fun.
5,Namjoo's concentration is reduced, and musical development breaks it.
1,Stop muzzling baby cartoons with your comic books.
5,It's not as good as I thought.
1,I don't know about the fun, but I couldn't get into it because it felt like an Indian movie because of the sudden development of Disney movie. I was really looking forward to it, but I was disappointed because it was not fun, and when I think about the previous Disney movies, there would be many people like me.
5,As you expected, I don't like it. It's just like a fairy tale
6,It's just my cheeks...Is this a movie that's over 10 million?Hah!
6,Only Genie's song is exciting. Up and down
2,It feels like I've seen colorful Indian-style Bollywood, so it's less than I expected
1,Aladdin's name is a waste.
1,The first time I saw Aladdin Annie, I was not impressed at all. Boredom itself.
1,Did I lose my childhood innocence?Whether other audiences are pure or society-soiled adults are grossly uninterestingThis kind of movie is always a failure except for three idiots
1,The original is much more interesting
1,That's a success. But Aladdin is no fun. It's amazing that it's over 10 million.If it wasn't the original, it would have been ruined
2,This is a re-release movie.
4,I doubt how many of the people who say they go beyond the original will remember it properly
1,You got a lot on your face
1,Genie, my wish is to stop making this ridiculous movie and stop making people confused.LOL
1,A Disney movie that middle school students will enjoy watching. I lived happily ever after~~
2,It's really boring...What do you mean 9 points...
6,Nothing in particular. There's nothing ugly...
3,Disney has changed. I can't believe they released a movie that's not up to this level
6,A simple family movie with good music and fun
5,It wasn't bad overall, but I didn't think it was very interesting except for a few scenes where the song was played. Even other songs except for A Whole New World and Speechless are so distracting
1,I don't know why this movie is over 10 million... I'm forced to start and end... And isn't it a movie with Femi on it? It's ridiculous to complain that you can't be a king because you're a woman, and that you can't be a king just because you're a gi-woman who doesn't actually have the ability.
6,The movie is lagging behind the Lion King in North America and all over the world, but it is very popular only in Korea
4,It's like a movie about thieves Everyone says it's fun, so it's like I'm hypnotized as if I'm having fun. A movie with zero probability
1,I hope adults never watch it^^ It's such a good movie, so I heard it a lot, and it's such a waste of money and time, do you honestly agree?
6,I think it's an overrated movie.
6,A seven-year-old girl doesn't seem to be having much fun^^;;;
4,It's like (G)I-DLE's movieIt's not as good as I expected
5,Aladdin, I can't concentrate because I have old eyes He's 17 years old. Does that make sense?
4,It was a boring movie and only the song was good
5,The expression of the villain's character is so outdated. When the princess wakes up and sings, Elsa comes to mind.  But she sings beautifully. When it comes to expressing women, I thought, "Oh, you tried. You cared." But that's all. It didn't feel like it was being expressed in a sophisticated way.
4,I feel like I was trying to be funny
4,Hu Ronghua, the first evil daughter of Nu, is like a father and daughter.
1,Honestly, I almost came out in the middle because I fell asleep...a movie that children watch
4,I'm having a wonderful time.It's like a live show
4,It's obvious. Honestly, it was boring.All that was left was music
5,I can only see Genie. It's a bummer
1,I don't recommend it because I'm a fan of the original
1,They say it's fun, but it's just obvious. It's not my style. You don't have to look.
6,Bad acting without Will Smith and the tiger.
6,A film with colorful flesh on a small, insignificant kernel. The snow was pleasant, but it didn't suit my taste.
4,I tried to act like a cartoon character and it was awkward, over exaggerated, and cringe-worthy, so I felt uncomfortable watching it all the whole time. The original is 100 times more interesting.
6,The movie for killing time, Disneyland lacks a lot of fame.
1,That's the worst. Aladdin's live show
3,A movie that showed how important an actor's position is.Other than that, I don't really...
4,People watch and leave in the middle... If I wanted to go out... I was sitting down to get some air conditioner. I was good at it, but it wasn't that fun
5,It's more fun than Lion King.
2,It was a pity that no matter how well I tried to explain the obvious story that I already knew, I couldn't get any inspiration
5,a comfortable movie
5,Will Smith worked hard.
1,9 points for the movie, minus 8 points for Femi. So 1 point
4,It was boring...Now put it down
1,Seriously, no fun. I don't know why everyone says this is fun. You're not going to think it's fun if only fancy CG comes out, right? I fell asleep while watching it. I was going to sleep, but I kept watching it
6,Am I the only one who's not funny ㅠㅠ
4,3D graphics are far less than the Ready Player One I saw last year, and the drama is not as good as the animation released in 1992. Their magical political power that any great director can become Disney when he enters Disney. I'm yawning.
3,This goes beyond the original? I can't believe it. No fun Lim
4,It's a movie that only Wall Smith and Princess Jasmine remember.The song was really good, but maybe because I watched the animation, I think the animation is better.Isn't it a movie directed by Walsmith that the male character doesn't remember as soon as the movie ends?That's what I thought
6,It must be difficult for a child to see.
1,The movie Aladdin was really boring I really don't recommend it It is waste of money.
6,Fluffy genie, ugly Aladdin, plain Jaffa, new soundtrack forgotten on the way out of the theater
4,ㅠㅠStory development...I breathed a sigh because it was so improbable. I watched it because I heard it was so fun, but I don't know.
6,By the way, A whole new world is way off the original Phoebe Bryson & Regina Bell
5,The songs in each scene were really good, but I don't think they exceeded the original feeling...  Was I looking forward to it too much?
5,It was so-so. It looked so urgent
6,It's a bit boring, but because of the OST, it's worth watching
1,It seems that the beautiful fantasy in the fairy tale book was broken when the dog poop was young, and only childhood innocence was broken due to the colorful video effect and strange developmentThe expression and imagination of children reading fairy tales, the visual effects, the world view treated with blood, the incompetent king, and the movie that children who dazzle their eyes will like
6,Hahahahahaha? That's a good songa small number
6,Disney pretending to be a new left, right yuck.
1,I wonder why everyone compliments when it's not fun
4,I guess I had high expectations.
2,I can't believe I paid for this
5,Movies and dramas that fill women's vanity are a hit! He must have been flapping when he saw him riding the magic carpet Oh, you got me right
6,It's okay if you think of it as a child
6,I couldn't relate to Jasmine's part that came out of nowhere
2,I think the rating of this movie is too high for its quality. I was disappointed with Disney. I wasted my precious time.
6,Maybe it's because I saw the animation so impressive. It was a little childish. It's lower than I expected
2,The acting is awkward, the storyline is boring, and it's not smooth. It's just a baby movie.
2,It's nothing compared to the rumor
2,I don't know why this is in the 9-point range.
5,Thank you for Jasmine's song.
6,It's not like 10 million movies ㅜㅜ
3,It's just a flat movie with nothing new, just a change of animation to a C.G. and a real actor. My family says it's fun, but I couldn't say anything for the peace of the family. ㅠ.ㅠ
6,If you wanted to make female emancipation a general atmosphere, you could have a story organized accordingly...The musical-like production of the movie was enjoyable, but it would have been a disgrace if Willsmith hadn't turned his eyes away from the overall atmosphere
2,Why is the rating high?It's like an elementary school movie. That's it
6,It's a movie my mom enjoyed watching. My sons, ages 6 and 7, are scared
3,The overall flow didn't come in well, so I really didn't like it...
4,It's the same as Annie, but Annie is more fun... I was looking forward to it ㅠㅠ
6,It was fun, but I think it's fun to be given once
4,The story isn't organized, the action isn't fun.
1,The historical background is Jeolla-do's salt field
2,OOO movie rating is too high
1,Is this a movie, too?It's really boring
6,I had high expectations for the movie.
4,It's an elementary movie. My money
6,Elementary school. There's nothing to watch these days. The movie is not interesting
6,It's very childish...
6,It's not that... Not funny.I wonder why it's over 10 million
1,PC = feces...
1,This movie is fun? He kept singing boring, childish, and weird songs, so I watched it in the beginning. It was much more fun to read Aladdin's book
6,Will Smith and other actors' performances were not very good, so their immersion fell. below expectations
1,If you don't know why it's a craze, just childish
6,It's just like a movie
4,It was amazing... Really
1,It's been a while since I slept wellThe ratings are all 10 points and 9 pointsTo be honest, people who don't like children's innocence can go to sleep, so I hope you don't throw away money just because it's a trend
6,It's just a Hollywood movie that smells like America that ends with a kiss scene. I saw it as JoJo, and he came out first when he was self-destructing by acting like a villain at the end. Just download it.
5,I watched the Jasmine version because of Aladdin Will Smith
1,The movie is the best.   It's a kiss me commercial before the movie, right? People are boycotting Japanese products, and I'm tired of advertising Japanese products. It's Cizibe
1,Robin Williams is the only one I have.
6,I enjoyed everything I know the story, but it's new
5,Not at all fantastic.A movie that's not even cool. Just for the sake of courtesy of old stories.
6,It's not as good as I expected. I think it's a hit because it's in sync with the mood? But it's not a waste of money, but it's worth seeing
2,I'm just complimenting you so much that I'm going to give you a grade...It's a good movie, but it's not a movie that's gonna hit 10 million If you've seen Annie, it's just a welcome, but why are you getting all this praise...
1,Honestly, is this fun? I can't stand it because it's childish Are the levels very low?
5,I didn't want to watch it again, so I was sad about it's a movie. Singing and dancing save the movie.
1,It's not that much fun
3,It's nothing less than Will Smith Hard Carry
6,It was just like that. It was boring Jeon
5,Flamboyantly floundering- Park Pyeong-sik (Cine 21) (★★☆)
1,Wasn't Aladdin and Genie the main character in the original? Jasmine and Genie are the main characters when Femi gets on them
1,I can't believe this childish movie is 10 million. The level of people watching movies is so unanswered
2,I'm kidding. What kind of movie is this?--It's art ♡ Ang!
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it too much. It was more childish than I thought. The OST was good
1,If I give them a low grade, they're looking for me and hitting me off the air
4,I'd rather make it like Malapicent. The title is Aladdin, but when I opened it, Jasmine... Aladdin is just a loser.Except for the story, the rest is fun, so 4 points
1,No, but honestly, I felt like I was the only one who didn't like it? I watched it on DVD at home, but I regretted it if I watched it at the movie theater crying
1,It's not in the one-point range, but it's definitely not in the nine-point range. It's better to change the title to Jasmine. The development is too far-fetched, and it seems to have been unusually successful in Korea
2,From acting as an actor to directing storyline, the movie was increasingly childish.
1,Look at the level of horoscope for women in their 20s. How can you give horoscope after watching the original movie? It's much better to watch a movie with grandmothers in their 40s than to watch a movie with themselves
6,It's worth watching with a kid I wish there were more songs
6,Childishness. It's embarrassing to show it to children.
1,Less than Les Misérables
6,Great CG is good, but there is no Aladdin sensibility.
6,The spring story is so touching that it's fun all the time
1,There's nothing fun to write. How can you write 10 letters? It's such a waste of money and almost went out of the middle. It's my first time leaving a review
1,If you want a solid and probable story, wait until the Genie comes out in the middle.As Genie comes out, he's hard carry.I just want to listen to fancy scenes and exciting songs in a hot and cool placeI recommend it. Personally, if you like movies like Parasite, I recommend you not to go
6,The director is Madonna's ex-husband.These days, only movies that women and children like are hit.Aladdin is just enough to watch in an animation.
6,Genie is so cute and fun. If it were Giniani, it would have been childish and distracting
3,This is 10 million
5,Let's think it over when the total number of viewers is 10 million.
1,The OST is, of course, the best, followed by the actor's acting skills, but the details, the questionable probability, and the ending are all mixed up. I was looking forward to Les Misérables' musical, but it's a movie that only makes me feel frustrated. It's not 9 points at all, but 6 or 7 points is enough.
6,Charismatic Zero villain is the biggest flaw. The subjective change of female characters according to the trend of the times is awkward. The gorgeous visual beauty and the cuteness of Genie's character are extra points. I didn't feel more overwhelmed than I thought.
2,I didn't see what was fun
4,I don't know why the ratings are so goodThe only thing that's unique is that I put in a lot of CGs. I wonder if I was looking forward to it
6,I look forward to it and watch it, and then dance and sing, so it's half fun
2,After all, Aladdin is the only one whose life has improved
4,What is it? When Genie comes out, it's worth watching, but it's not fun. There are people who like and dislike it I almost went out in the middle
5,A movie that would have been boring if it weren't for Will Smith
2,Am I weird?I almost went out in the middle because it was so boring
6,Simple fun. It's exactly like that, but they ask me to write down 10 letters.
6,I showed it to my mom
4,It was good to change the female lead, but there was no way to tell the story
1,How can you make this into a movie?
1,It's not fun. It's not fun at allThe OST is boring
3,I just watched it on CGV. I regret it. I shouldn't have seen it. If you download it, it's perfect.I'm afraid I'll instill wrong values in my children.
6,There's only one thing to eat at a famous party
6,a combination of movies and musicalsIt wasn't bad, but why did I sleep?I'll have to watch it again.
4,The story composition and direction were not as good as I expected
6,Hard carry Disney's legacy only to Yeojoo.
6,If it weren't for Will Smith, the movie that would come out in the middle... Why are you ruining the original so much? It's amazing that he even rejects historical facts. I can't believe Sultan became a woman. A movie with a hero like Saladin in its head. Wasn't it better to ask them to travel together like the original?
6,I enjoyed watching it Will Smith, great acting!I wanted to see the ring fairy.This isn't a spoiler!
6,A movie about Will Smith acting cute
2,It's for killing time. Why is everyone saying it's fun?
1,It's worse than Mamma Mia 2
5,A dreamer of a future sultan, covering up for stolen children in the marketplace, says, "They're hungry!" I couldn't get into it from there. It's a movie that Will Smith saved.
5,Why are you stealing bread and making accusations?
4,The technical aspects are the best. The special effects music is amazing. The content is children's taste. I dozed off while watching it
6,Will Smith is a great actor.I read it as a fairy tale and saw it in a movie. The scale was great and the color is good.I liked it more because it was fancy
2,I went because I wanted a movie similar to The Greatest Showman, and this is CG and music. ㅠㅠ I didn't want to watch it, but I went there because my boyfriend said it was over 10 million. Sorry, I thought I was going there
5,It's not my cup of tea^^; I heard that the daughter of elementary school student who went with me is very interesting~~
6,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it.
6,SoSo sounds good, but why is it 10 million?
1,What do you mean, the entire audience is watching a kiss?1 point because the age limit is weird
2,Well, it's like a Bollywood movie, and it's a little boring... I really like the original music
2,A whole new world song style, Naomi, who won with her singing ability rather than conveying and touching emotions, claims the worst background when the song is played, Jasmine's feminism, who dreams of sultan, but she doesn't get along with Aladdin's help in times of crisis
6,Is it a touch of past memories or another new admiration.
6,How can this be 5 points? I only liked the music
4,I don't know why it's 10 million. Children's movies
3,I'm sorry. It wasn't my style
4,A movie saved by Will Smith! I felt in Beauty and the Beast that I didn't have to see what I had already seen in real life again. I just admire the development of filmmaking technology and there's nothing more. At the end of the day, Jasmine's music video Speechless cuts the flow of the story.
2,6 to 7 points are appropriate. Seriously, this is more perfect than the original cartoon. Do you think this is the best foreign currency score ever? A strange phenomenon in the world in Korea...
4,Honestly, I wonder if this is 10 million. I think I watched it with too much expectation. Jasmine was so pretty and charming
3,I've been watching Game of Thrones. Even though it's a completely different genre of movie, it feels so boring that I don't meet my expectations all the time. I don't think it's a bad movie.
1,I think the favorable reviews really benefited from the low expectations. It's too bad that the original was reflected, and the details were all taken off and made up. The production team seemed to lack understanding of the original. Jaffa has the worst casting and character interpretation, and her acting is like a surprise. The biggest villain of all time
2,Even if you can't play with graphics, you can't catch up with the 2D original.
1,It's a waste of time if it's a waste of time
1,It's an obese movie made by Sunmi
1,Was I the only one who didn't like it?
5,It's funI want to see it againah ah
6,It's boring, but it's worth watching.Just enough to be lost in old memories.The reason why the rating is too high is because of cancer.
5,I was looking forward to seeing Beauty and the Beast, but as expected, there was a lot of boredom
6,It's over 10 millionSo I finally watched it and it was so boring
1,I've been watching Aladdin so much that I don't want to see it
5,It was the worst live Disney movie ever. Anyone who wants to see it doesn't recommend it I'm late, so just endure it more and watch it when vod is released. I give 5 stars to myself who watched it alone in the movie theater. And my friends who recommended it suddenly come to mind, but I don't believe his movie recommendation anymore
1,A movie whose title is Aladdin.
4,Will Smith, all you got left with is comic, but where do you get touched? - 제가Am I weird or if I'm not impressed, I'm dry, but I cried when I saw Frozen...
6,I think I did a good job, but I don't know if it's 10 million, except for Will Smith, I think the CG team worked hard
4,I think the art team must have had the hardest time, a movie that Will Smith grabbed by the collar and carried hard. As the biggest flaw is the non-smooth story, I don't think it would have been necessary to have some comical scenes... The acting wasn't that impressive either...
6,I guess the Aladdin world in my head was more colorful. My standard scale was small
1,The problem with directing...The song is good...
1,I guess he had high expectations.I came out in the middle because I couldn't stand it.
4,I liked the old animation better.
3,The song and dance were good, but the development was too fast and childish  The song was really good
1,It's not fun. It's childish and I'm not good at acting
6,Jasmine is so pretty. Will Smith is the best!  But what does it feel like it's not enough?
1,It was hard to concentrate, but how is the review good? The Magic of Aladdin
4,The song was good, but the story is kind of boring평The score is higher than I thought
4,Is this fun? Honestly, I don't know
6,I enjoyed it. The actors are good at acting and my daughter likes it, too
1,A disgusting(?) movie that covers a poor story with visuals and songs. It was childish, contrived, and easy to move and uncomfortable because the story was obvious. I was so bored that I checked the time and I thought I was going crazy because there was still an hour left. I held it in because of the company I came with me. T
4,I hate singing like a musical
5,To be honest, I thought the movie was well made, but! I didn't look like a movie because there were so many songs in the movie. I recommend it to those who don't like it
6,I watched it late at night after hearing the word-of-mouth, but other than the good music, it wasn't that touching
2,I thought it was fun, but why is everyone saying it's fun?
5,The actor looks like an employee of an Indian restaurant in Itaewon. I'm satisfied that my wife enjoyed watching it.
1,This is a 9.4 movie? I'm upset
6,It's not fun, but I don't know why it's 10 million... Yeoju is pretty, but Namjoo is not good, and the main OST is much better than the animation, so Will Smith just pulled it hard...
1,If Lion King was more fun...
1,Adjust the rating. 945 Frozen to death
5,If it wasn't a memory, it was a childish CG show.
1,My life movie. This is a movieMy money!
6,I love the original so much that this crazy feminist mix of developments is disappointing and the important a whole new world doesn't seem to bring to life the beauty of the original
6,I don't think we should look forward to it too much.
6,I watched it on Fordy today, and it's not boring, but I don't think it's worth 10 million movies.The whole audience played a part. I suddenly think of Mad Max Fordy
2,Will Smith or something you wanted to run out of
1,I wasn't having fun, I guess I was dry
3,Hmm. It was very boring because I was looking forward to it a lot I almost dozed off a few times. In just one scene, I admired the princess because she was so good at singing, and I was sad because I sympathized with her.
2,There are so many songs. Spring. Don't watch Indian movie style if you don't like it.
6,It's fun. The heroine is so pretty
5,I haven't seen the original, but it's so fairy tale-like that I can't get into it at all. Adults say they enjoy watching it more, but I personally don't know. The song and direction were very fancy, but the storyline was boring. The princess stealing bread...
6,Jasmine is so pretty ♡.♡
6,I didn't like the setting when Princess appeared, but if you look at it without marriage and other values, it's a fun entertainment movie
5,Personally, I think I fell far short of the original animation ㅠㅠ The actors' voices and acting are so good that I keep comparing them... I'm looking forward to "Lion King" as it is.
1,It seems to show the level of Korea when grown-up adults are drooling and praising for something funny like an animated movie. I'm embarrassed. I can't believe this is over 10 million.
5,I saw it as soon as it was released, and I thought it was going to be ruined.
5,I don't know what's particularly good about it except OST. It's childish and has a lot of forced acting, so it's like a child's thing
2,Middle Easterners always lie when they open their mouths.
1,The rating is so high that I need to adjust it. I really fell asleep because it was so boring.
5,Annie has been moved well, but the cast of the actors is somewhat disappointing!
2,I thought it was an Indian movie. I don't know what's fun other than bursting out laughing from time to time. I slept from time to time
6,I don't know if you're disappointed because you're looking forward to it I don't feel much moved, but the color is just colorful. It looks like him. That much...
6,I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't as good as I thought
4,A hectic and sloppy feeling. I don't like the music either.
6,It's a movie about Jasmine beauty
6,Jasmine stood out very much :)
4,I like all the music videos. The story of introducing a princess as a king and a girl as a leader is really old and boring, isn't this story enough? I hope we can stop eating the classic and develop a new story.
1,The fact that there are so many part-timers in the comments will prove to be the opposite
4,Honestly, I don't like it. This is fun? It's distracting and childish, so it's not as good as Annie's.
1,I think it's a movie about kids who sleep soundly.
1,A movie that was disappointing and I only listened to music
2,As expected, Disney!  I'm satisfied with all the acting performances
1,Take the kids with you.
6,I don't know if I've been looking forward to it too much, but it's less likely.
4,Oh, it was so improbable that I personally didn't like it compared to how it went by and how popular it was
1,It's not fun at all  The song that pops out anytime is annoying
1,How is this in the 9-point range?I usually enjoy watching it, but this is really...There's no probability, and the content isn't that...Nam Joo and Yeo Joo don't go well together.It's just childish and a waste of money ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
6,I watched it in 4D.The scenario that didn't make use of the original story is a musical movie that's not as good as I thought.
1,I want to give you 11 points, but I gave you 1 point.  such a masterpiece
1,It seemed a little childish and obvious to me
1,A movie that a typical maam would like. Nothing more or less
2,I thought I was going to die because I was wasting money after reading the ratingsWhat do you mean a masterpiece? It's a childish and obvious story. It's not fun
2,Only the song is good.a waste of time
2,This kind of movie is going to go over 10 million!
1,I think the rating of 8 and 7 is correct Disney-style directing techniques are so common that I can see the order that it's time to be moved. The development was not bad at a rapid pace, but it was a little hard to breathe the character's emotions I think people who watch musical movies will feel new
6,Jasmine is pretty
2,If only Annie was better. a loser's pa
4,I was bored without touching or laughing. Did my emotions dry up?
4,I watched a movie because I heard it was fun and I was crying at the end. I don't know. Looking at all the compliments...I wonder if you really watched the same movie.
6,Disneyland, nothing more, nothing less
5,Why did I watch the original movie the day before I watched it?
4,A remake that didn't go beyond animation
4,Did I look forward to it too much ㅜㅜ
1,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it so much
2,I'm sorry I didn't enjoy it.
6,Disney can't beat Spider-Man
1,Why am I so boring?
2,That's the worst. It's so boring Just a movie for kids to watch
6,Well, I was bored ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,Childish and sleepy ㅠㅠ Fooled
6,Only the spectacular effects of the bubble were spectacular, but the scene of speechless and Naomi Scott's explosive emotions were special
6,It's good to see the kids Middle-aged men can look at them as if they like them
4,I dozed off in the middle...It's not that fun. If you like realistic things, I won't show you
1,Feminism off the hook.
6,It's just a cute monkey and Will Smith leads the movie.
6,A story worthy of a new era! It would have been better if the title was "Jasmine"
1,It would have been better if I had taken out the musical and paid more attention to the cinematic perfection.Not bad for killing time
4,I'm bored because I'm sleepy?
3,The music was fun, but for adults, it's a bit cliche  There's nothing left
5,I watched it in 4D on CGV.I didn't like it.ㅜㅜ It's like Genie, the fairy of the lamp.It's a mess overall. It's fancy and it's focused on things to see...Since I was heavily armed, I felt like I was in a hurry. It's not neat.crying
6,Actually, it's a live-action movie and it's a famous story, so I knew everything, so I didn't expect much, but it's more fun than I thought. It was also a good attempt to give the character a different narrative from the existing animated film version. Above all, Jasmine's solo song had an impact. But the first part of the story is a bit boring
5,Bored, bored, bored... a film that only Will Smith did
4,The song is not overwhelming, but the development is forced and childish.
1,Worst!!!! The content is just like a cartoon fairy tale... I don't want to watch Will Smith's crazy, and the beauty of the video is not good compared to music, guitar, and many movies. I don't know why people say this is like a movie of their lives
1,The song comes out because it's a musical movie
1,I thought it would be fun to watch a Indian movie after singing some kind of bare song at the level of a child under 15. Oh, seriously. Is Aladdin this boring?
3,Why was I so childish?
2,It's like I'm watching a thunderbolt.Childish. She'll like it if she's 15 years old.
1,It was really boring. I was always looking at the clock.
5,I dozed off after the evaluation.I was going to come out in the middle of the show.   I wanted to watch a fun movie with a light heart, so I refused parasite and watched it with this, but I regretted it.   I really don't understand why the ratings are so good.I can't -, ㅜ
6,If you're going to do the same, make it amazingly the same, or if you're going to re-interpret it, make sure to re-interpret it.   I don't know how this movie's rating is 9.45.
4,It wasn't that fun. Parasites are much better
2,It was so childish and boring...
4,Park Pyung-sik's comment is the most accurate. Annie can never jump, but the original is so fun that it's a huge hit even if you roughly copy it
4,Jasmine deserves to be a sultan because she reads a lot of books? Moon, who has only read a lot of books here, is eating very well, so he must be a great leader!
6,Certainly, the content was too obvious and didn't have much drama, perhaps because it was a total user's However, the beauty of the video was not bad, and there were some good songs. an eye-catching level
6,I personally dislike musical movies because I don't like them.
5,I watched the original cartoon so many times that I know the story, so I can't get into the movie and I'm sleepy  For movies, the story is 90%
1,Is this fun? I don't understand why the rating is 9.45 in the comments. The Korean mob mentality is very scary.
2,Mom Chung, please take care of the baby, they laugh loudly, run around, and be quiet. I don't understand how many times I tell you, Mom Chung doesn't say anything about him, and he's very into the movie
2,I got 2 points because of Will Smith
5,It was childish. It's okay to spend time
6,I looked forward to the movie, which limited the imagination of the previous cartoon, but it fell short of my expectations
1,A completely unrealistic Jasmine character. Aladdin, less expressed than that.
1,It wasn't my cup of tea. I couldn't even go out and slept ㅜ I'm sorry
4,I'm sure you can't beat the animation. I can't find Aladdin's pure charm. And Jasmine Speechland? I laughed in vain while watching "LOL Maybe it's because of Femies these days? It's not related to the story at all, but why did they call me? the end of one's child's
2,Am I weird? I've been thinking about why I'm paying for this throughout the movie
6,Jasmine is pretty~~ I enjoyed it^^
6,satisfying one's needs with Jasmine's song
5,It wasn't as bad as I thought
4,The production was good, so only the technical parts of the production were seen, and there was no emotion.
6,I don't see you!~It~
6,It's not the emotion I felt when I was a kid. It was the same with Beauty and the Beast, but it's kind of a bummer. ㅠㅠ But the person below... The background here is not India, but the Middle East LOL
6,It reminds me of the memories of the original.The purpose of the ending is good
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? One point
6,My eyes were happy. It was fun
1,Don't be fooled. It's really not good
1,....,,,,!!!!I don't really understand why I have 9 million hearts even though I feel like a musical  Is it weird that I can't relate to 9 million people?
1,It's not Aladdin but Jasd. a film celebrated as a remembrance correction
1,It's a Genie movie from start to finish.
6,It's just a live-action cartoon, movie, and musical
4,It was just childish
5,Maybe because I was looking forward to it so much, it was just normalI admit that Will Smith did everything
1,I think it's better to buy this as a VOD
1,How can such a boring movie attract audiences?I love most musical movies, and I have a lot of affection for Will Smith, but this movie was really not. The conflict structure is too simple, and only the main character's beauty shines in the lines written without much thought.
6,If it weren't for Will Smith, I wouldn't have watched it. Nam Joo is not good at acting... I think her character's dynamic has decreased. The song is really good!
5,Maybe the expectations were too high. I just did it.^^
4,It would have been perfect without PC Femi. When the speechless came out, I could only laugh at the probability
1,It's all good, but just stop showing it. CGV, Aladdin rarely shows Spider-Man
6,Without Wall Smith, I'd be doomed
6,Aladdin's rating is higher than Toy Story? That makes no sense. Without Will Smith, the movie would have been bland. All the actors are pretty and handsome. Aladdin was too weak to match the character.
2,I was fooled by the review. There are so many part-timers. I had regrets with my boyfriend. I was able to concentrate on the musical. The song was so compelling. I felt awkward crying and singing. I was so sleepy in the middle. Why did you manipulate the review?
6,go out and outOh, my
1,I was looking forward to the ratings and the ratings, but I didn't like it.
6,I don't think I'm a good match with Disney Except for the female lead singing...
6,It's not as good as the original. The story is less likely and Will Smith can't match Robin Williams.
2,I was really looking forward to it, but let alone goosebumps, it was not fun, it was over
6,Music is beautiful, but...The title is Aladdin, but Aladdin is not attractive. The title is "Jasmine..."If it was 'Engineer', I wouldn't understand.Besides, it's so fast that it's childish because it's the same with the original Annie, so even if you understand it...It's too bad.
6,Personally, I like Jasmine Leah Salon more
4,It's about the movie. It's obvious and the eyes are happy.
5,Just a Disney movie with colorful scenes, songs, and enterprising stories such as awkward acting, childish stories, and a lack of probability that only stimulates the emotions of animated films that I watched as a child.If you are over 13 years old and this movie was so much fun... You're.
1,Disney got weird, too.
6,Who the hell are the kids that Will Smith saved? She did a great job of reproducing the original Annie and casting Aladdin and Princess Jasmine, but her acting as Will Smith Oba was the most annoying. It's like watching Brad Pitt, who took up less than 12 years of course. Except for Will Smith and Oba.
4,I saw it on Fordy... Was it just me who didn't it? 노래는 The song was so good that I didn't want to waste money
5,I had a headache with two 7-year-olds ㅜㅜ It's chaotic
5,I enjoyed Disney's X Coco Show, which is obsessed with PCism. There's nothing but OST
6,ㅜㅜ Booking is high and I didn't forget. I should at least get points.
3,Why is it so popular when it's not that fun?  Download it from the internet and watch it
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it so much?
6,I don't think it's a great masterpiece that people saySome people say that it's better than the original, but it was only a small part of it, and it wasn't as great as the originalMaybe my childhood innocence has disappeared, but...
6,Prince Anders is so good at acting. What's up with his voice?When a monkey slaps Aladdin's face, there are so many things to see and Sultan and Jaffa are unnecessarily serious, but they are childish and funny
1,From the beginning, the story was boring and uncomfortable because it showed feminist elements. The song is really good
6,What kind of air conditioner did I set it below zero? I was watching it because it was cold Sungseo Lotte Cinema. Actually, I would have held it in if Namjoo was a little more handsome
4,Isn't it a movie for babies?
3,Will Smith is fine, but the whole movie is just fine.
6,a live-action film that Smith hard-carried and unintentionally jumped over the original
6,I heard it was fun, so I went to watch it, but I was disappointed in many ways
6,You moved the original animation to the real-life version
6,The movie screen was a bit dark, so I couldn't use all the colorful colors. It's unfortunate, but the animation overlapped and it feels like I'm watching adult fairy tales I knew about it, but it was fun
1,I don't know if it's just me, but I thought it would end while singing, so I came out while watching...I don't know what song you're singing.Is this a movie? I was fooled by the preview.
1,I thought my back was going to fall out
6,A movie that was boring except for the fun parts but kept thinking about music
6,Prince Alihi~~~
6,The actors got 6 points for their passionate acting. The computer graphics, which are flashy but disappointing, and the original cartoon were not able to be released in a cool way, but they showed the fantastic ambivalence of Aladdin and Jasmine.
5,I moved the cartoon to reality... Other than that!!!??
1,It's hard to surpass the original with fancy CG.I miss Robin Williams.
1,I can't watch a movie that I want to go out after watching it because I made a story that could come out in an animation into real life
1,Am I the only one who didn't have fun?Ha... It's loud without any pressure. I can't feel the difference...Genie is too loud. ㅠㅠ
6,It is true that the movie is beautiful, but it is regrettable that the story is not connected well.
6,Disney's evolving pace
2,They said it's fun to watch it in 2D and watch it in 4D, so I watched it again in 4D and it was boring because it was nothing special
6,The Naomi Scott movie.
6,If it was normal...I was bored because I watched an animation when I was young
6,I'm a fan of the original animation, but the live-action movie was not very impressive.
6,Honestly, I don't feel much fun
1,The cartoon was fun enough, but the jasmine setting is so far-fetched. Disney got weird after asking something
5,Jasmine's first appearance in the market, dreaming of a sultan, was only that much of an idea, and it's unlikely... Aladdin and Zappa just have a weak impact. Genie did carry it, but I think my expectations were too high. It was a story that was too empty compared to the gorgeous visual beauty.
1,It's amazing and disappointing that a story with such a low probability has more than nine stars
6,Did I expect too much? If you look at it lightly, it's a fun movie!
5,Even for children, the probability is too poor and the character's persuasive power is poor. A princess who insists that a nuisance is a petty thief, Aladdin, and that she does good things at will by touching other people's things. Too much talkative genie. I should have paid more attention to the storytelling during the time to focus on the spectacular sights.
1,I've never regretted watching a movie. I watched Aladdin animation because I liked it. I guess I had high expectations.I was sorry for everything, including the poor acting skills of the actors, the setting of characters far from the original, and the arrangement of songs that were worse than the original.  I don't think the story composition was smooth either.
2,Princess with a single mind... He stole other people's water without thinking of using it because he felt sorry for the children, and when the boss got angry, he said no
5,It's for fun... Childish... ㅠㅠ...
6,If it wasn't good, I guess I was expecting too much ㅠㅠ
6,As I only knew the story roughly, I didn't like it because there was a forced side to the storyline, and Naomi Scott did all the acting and singing I only have Speechless in my head. I was looking forward to A hole, but that part was disappointing. In conclusion, the interesting thing was Toy Story.
6,a movie that makes you hum after watching it
5,A subordinate who becomes a sultan and doesn't listen to the change in appearance (what's your wish?), and when it's important to take away a snake stick that's easily taken away, you just watch it until the end.
4,The casting of Jasmine's image was good, but her gesture was stiff, saying that she tried to express a self-centered female image.Jaffa is out because he doesn't show the charisma of the villain. The color and tone were childish, so my eyes hurt the whole time I watched it. Let's give a round of applause to Will Smith and Aladdin.
4,The Disney movie tells the story that if there is a wise and smart princess, the less distant and foolish prince gets enlightenment. To be honest, the story skipped too much and the delivery was weird and childish, but the song, Genie, and Monkey were the hard carry
4,It wasn't as good as I expected. Shouldn't we change the title to Abu and Magic Carpet? Abu Hard Carry bbb
4,To be honest, I was just... It was like that in Les Misérables, but it's not fun to watch a movie with a musical in it's not fun
6,It wasn't bad, but the original song is better because I'm an old person
1,I think cartoons are more interesting
5,It was a live-action movie that wasn't good or bad
6,The atmosphere of Jaffa... I wanted you to describe him more. I don't know the original Zappa because I didn't watch the original, but I was satisfied. Going to break the film
1,Destroy the memories. The story is so...  I know that Disney princesses have been hard-caring for a long time.I think this is too much. I should have skipped this one and watched the Lion King.
6,It's not so fantastic
1,It's not a nine-point movie Settle down
1,I watched it because of my boring girlfriend, but it's not me
