대부 2
5,It is clear that it is a masterpiece following the first one, and AlphaCino's charisma remains. However, the frequent cross-editing of De Niro's predecessor, Choleonne, and Pacino's later generation, seems to have distracted the attention rather than linking the previous and later stories well. The comic situation in the film, which was not as charismatic as Brando's, was unfortunate because it didn't match the weight of De Niro's character and the movie, and I couldn't feel the seriousness of De Niro's revenge scene. Alpacino's performance, which has a distinctly different atmosphere between cool-headedness in the second part, is impressive
5,While the first part was hit by the opposition, the second part went too far as the main character intended, so there is no interest.
6,I was bored with unfriendliness throughout the movie. However, the movie seems to be a masterpiece because it was a huge shock at the time and there are two plots of father-son intersection. I don't recommend it to this generation.
5,I really evaluated the first episode with the most positive perspective... Running time is 3 and a half hours. I'm getting heated up because of the mojirae who pretend to ignore the bad reviews... Guys, the 80s and 90s like me really feel the legend and joy of this work in their hearts? Sigh... I really want to hit the lie detector. It's a 74-year-old movie, and it's a lot better than the 74-year-old movie, "Dongbangbulpae," "Hwang Bi-hong," and "Yupmun," or "Yongjaeng-ho," or "It's fun." Do you understand, guys? As I did in the first episode, I know that I am a legend and father of Rwanda, but I can never sympathize with my heart because I am not from that era. Rather, American Gangster and Public Enemy are more interesting to modern people. You really put your hand on your heart and feel so much fun and joy and emotion? Then, if you watch 123 episodes every day for two or three hours, or if it's crazy fun? Why? I swear to you, I can watch it like that every day, including hero's true colors, new world, and sweet life. The mojirai shekies are pretending to be noble because they're afraid they're ignorant when they say they're not funny. I don't understand Burning, but they give me a standing ovation for killing me. You guys are just like this. "It's dark yukmi. The head of a fish is the best!" So I said, "Oh, really?" Oh, I didn't know. I'll put 10 heads in front of you. Eat them all I don't like it ^^" Then I'll laugh, sweat, and eat, and go to the toilet and throw up. Watch it twice. How many times? Watch it once a day for three hours, then you guys. Good works are getting even more annoying because of you guys. I will watch the third movie, but I will not leave any comment at all. Since I said everything I wanted to say in the 1st and 2nd episodes.
1,It's a waste of 1 point. It's a trash movie.1600 won is a waste. Take it out!
4,Compared to the first episode, I had a long running time and boredom
5,I don't know. It's boring because it's too long
1,Alpacino movies, they all don't fit me.
6,Good! I love it
1,3 hours... 1 is better...
1,There are some good scenes and some factors to think about, but boring is undeniable. a film with seven points appropriate I give you 1 point to adjust the rating.
1,It's just a mafia gangster movie  You shouldn't think of movies like this as touching, fighting and killing each other for money, power, and rights.Starting with the main character, it's all human garbage.
1,Is there no zero point?
1,I don't think it's right for people of today's generation.
4,It's boring. I don't understand. I don't know how it goes How did you betray me? What did I see? Godfather 1 is better
2,Boring by the standards of movies these days.
1,Go ahead, you guys Immigrants' success is justification, mafia criticism is justification, and mafia glorification is all glorified, mafia glorified, stuck in the corner of the room, and look at this, and look at the world for the poor
1,Honestly, it's not fun to watch the first and third episodes
5,It's changing. Times have changed. You have to wipe it all out.
6,The 200-minute running time was boring and frankly just such a normal movie. I just felt sorry for Michael, who became a godfather and turned cold-blooded
5,It was hard to concentrateAl Pacino and Robert DeNiro's performance was very good
1,It's really boring
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,If critics say it's high, I want to say it's low
1,It's so boring. It's not fun, but why are you so tall?Let's lower the rating.
6,It must have been fun to watch in the 70s.
1,It's a legendary serial.
4,What kind of movie has four hours? It requires a lot of patience and concentration
6,There is nothing to see except Robert De Niro.
5,a poor grade compared to one's previous work
5,Not so good! Robert De Niro's (Once Upon a Time in America) is 100 times more
1,If you like this kind of movie, your family needs to be murdered, raped by a gangster to wake up...
1,I'm sleepy. I don't like it
5,The first part was totally immersive, but this was a bit too much.
5,A man's story for men who lack a lot of things for women to feel
2,Kill them all
4,All right, kill them all. Kill them all, Nimmy.
6,I don't have a lot of footage, but as a robot, it's reallyBut it wasn't worth watching for the last time
1,I haven't seen anyone around me who thinks Godfather is funny.I think only people who like this will like it.First of all, I'm bored.
1,ㅠㅠ What a waste of time...
2,I turned it off because I thought it was a waste of time.
1,I'm not funny
6,마리오 푸조의 대부 2부
2,It's ridiculous. It's not funny, it's not tense, it's a movie for old people
4,What kind of movie is three and a half hours-- I'm going crazy
6,In the past, I saw that Godfather 1 was doing well and Godfather 2 was jam-by-jam  I'm bored
1,Alpacino's bluffing movie
6,The weft of the past is interwoven with the weather of the present. But little by little, chauvinism.
1,1 is the best. I can't focus on why 2 is so boring
6,It's a little boring. The second part is not good.
1,This is fun? It is OOO movie
6,I can see the end of the family.
5,Slow speed is the problem.It's a classic, but from my point of view, satisfaction isn't that high
2,Compared to Godfather 1?;; strange feeling
6,Michael, who was really bold and intelligent in the first part, is becoming a dog poo philosopher in the second part...
5,What a movie. Alpacino became a masterpiece with his eyes. lol
1,a sequel as bad as a prequel
2,not much
1,It's good
1,It's really boring
1,wreck, mess, ruin
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It was so boring. Godfather 1 was worth watching
1,a boring and boring movie
1,It is a OOO movie. I'll give you the dog that passed by on DVD
3,It's all about shooting and killing. Michael Corleone, the worst human being.
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,I was sleepy.
1,Is this a movie that beats Shawshank?
1,The scene where you kill your own brother at the end is disgusting
1,The reality of the violent world is never like our movies
1,A rating that reflects the reality of our movie, where violence is glorified
1,I didn't think it was funny.Godfather series doesn't seem to fit...
1,Makgal's trick... Don't be fooled.
1,Forever number one movie is, of course, "The Shawshank Escape" and will continue to be!
1,Shut up. Shawshank is the best. Shawshank manshay!
1,Makgal's trick... Don't be fooled.
1,It's totally boring.
1,Don't mess with me
2,Godfather maniacs, blow yourself up
1,Forever number one is Shawshank Escape
1,a black-and-white movie parody of the prince
1,Don't know
1,Shiba Inu
1,an old one
1,It's dark right now!
1,It's just a preview, but it's really fun. I've never felt orgasm in such a short time.
1,Look at the crazy gels, the chariots in the world
1,I'm from Makgal But I'm having fun living the opposite way
1,You can't be successful
5,a boring movie
6,The more I watch the series, the less I can get.
6,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
6,Why do you hear it's a masterpiece?
5,Even after 3 years, vivid memories! A touching movie...
