플립
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it...? I don't understand the behavior of not only the heroine but also other supporting actors, and there are too many frustrating elements in the movie itself.
3,I don't want to read boring humanities books
5,
6,It's a cliché, but it's a romance that you can find freshness in.The ending is a bit disappointing...
5,A '90s-style high-teen romance between a spineless blonde boy and a different adolescent girl. Would it have been better if I saw you 10 years ago?
6,It was fun, but it wasn't that touching
6,The movie itself is okay, but it feels like it ended vaguely
2,Am I the only one who thinks Grandpa Bryce is weird?ㅜ I'm sorry
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
4,The story is good, but it's not perfect Let's take back the bait
1,No, I was so focused that I didn't know the time, but it feels like it got cut off while pooping I feel really bad
5,I focused on it, but I don't really... I don't know
2,It's really not fun...I heard it's famous, so I watched it, but there's no content... But that doesn't mean there's a huge event or something that lingers I thought this was it.People who like high-teen will like it.
1,The score is too high, so the meaning of lowering it... It's like a cute fairy tale. It's actually about 6 points
1,What did I watch for half past one? I looked it up on Netflix because the rating was good, but I lost my time. I don't know if I watched this movie.
2,How can this be a 9-point rating? The cliché, the characters are all so obvious, even Dad's music story, and it just ended suddenly without being recovered I did it
6,It's just... It's not like the 9-point movie that makes you feel comfortable when you watch it when you have time
6,A rather mundane daily high teen growth romance.It's a drama that doesn't have any major incidents and is likely to happen in the teenage years of ordinary people. a rather loose or mediocre story
1,It's the most boring and uninteresting ever. It's a movie where 1,300 won is a waste.
6,I'm so excited about the movie, but I wanted to see Namjoo's inner story at the table that gradually became silent and Namjoo's growing up from all the obedient cowards to him ㅠㅠ Something unanswered and empty...
5,An obvious scent from a familiar story. However, it can be exciting enough.
6,Do you think he'll change? People don't change easily
1,If he had changed the situation from ugly male to pretty female female character, the director would have been treated as a criminal because of the ban on screenings, not bad reviews. At first, I thought it was a movie made by Femies to mirror, but it wasn't even that. I cannot help but deplore the 'selective empathy' of 'the genders'. a girl-crime movie
3,Did I look forward to it too much?I'm not excited at all. I can't think of my first love
4,Why is this so well-received? I saw it because it was so well-received, but I didn't like it because it went back and forth from Namjoo and Yeoju's perspective. It's just to kill time
6,There are so many stars. It's not to that extent
6,Confess quickly. It takes a long time
6,It feels like we haven't finished talking
1,I think the girl's really weird and the boy's nose is in guilt
1,It's not like I'm in the top 10 of the melodrama genre. a movie with a rating of 8.5
1,If it was a man who was a whimsical woman with a cull stalker, he would have cursed me as a trash man.
6,Cool American teenagers
1,Wow, I turned it off because I was so bored. My Girls' Generation is much more fun. It's so calm from start to finish. And because of the girl's face, I can't even get into it
6,It's about elementary school kids dating.
1,I showed it to her at school, and she kept on contacting her because she was so scared and she kept on coming... and she was stalking Namjoo and smelling Namjoo's hair, and Namjoo was trying to kiss her after throwing away eggs.I really don't understand. The ending is the most ridiculous. I don't understand that Namjoo planted a tree
6,a movie worth watching and fun
1,People who find Yeoju attractive should study basic common sense again.I got goosebumps when I climbed a tree on the land, which is a private property, whined that I couldn't cut it, followed Bryce around because he liked it, and even sniffed my hair. Namjoo, who is a stalker, is a bad actress. Only Namjoo's looks work hard
1,I watched it because I heard it was fun, but it was not fun. There is nothing more than the girl we liked back then.People who say it's fun here think that they have a fantasy about being a high teen
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?It was so boring, but seeing L.O.브로.E and this, it felt so boring...
2,Be calm and small. That's all
2,It was very different from the melodrama I thought.
1,I like most romance movies, but this movie was really bad. I don't know why people like it...Other movies such as Love Actually or First Kiss for 50 times or Friends for a week were much better
1,Yeojoo looks like a pig. It would have been better if the blonde that came out with me was the heroine
6,the heart of a seesaw The face of the female protagonist doesn't match the story of the movie with the man.
5,It was boring because I was looking forward to it so much
5,I watched it with my friend, but I kept saying that she dresses so pretty than the movie lol
5,I'm bored. I'm sleepy
5,Personally, it was kind of boring
1,That's too high a rating. It's not that fun, it's not left
2,How many people haven't seen this movie in their lifetime?
4,I was bored, but what's fun?
6,a calm and interesting movie
6,Why did you stop talking about your father?
4,A movie that feels like an hour and a half... Just a movie that doesn't look like an ancient novel. It would be much more interesting if there was a novel.
6,The way the movie was conducted was unique and good
1,The people who give 10 points are unhappy people who have never seen a more interesting movie than this
1,I don't understand why the rating is so high. It is a movie that was shown to be fun at school, but everyone seemed bored and bored. Of course, I don't remember anything even after watching it
6,You plagiarized Jun Hyo Sung's good night kiss.
1,How can a movie like this get 9 points? It's really not fun, there's no intention of what the movie is saying, it's boring, there's no story at all, so don't be fooled by the ratingLOL
1,The female character is so ugly...
5,It wasn't as good as I expected, but it was fun
6,It reminds me of my first love It was pleasant, but there was no moving memory that reminded me of
3,Just a clean movie. I don't think it was a re-release movie.
5,It's just a teen movie that you can watch on TV at home.It was disappointing.
6,It's an old movie, so it's kind of boring...
6,I'm a bit tired of it. But I like your innocent look
4,You enjoyed watching it!
6,The main characters are charming, but it's not a very immersive development, but the story is obvious anyway
4,No fun... It was so boring
6,It wasn't that fun
5,The story was obvious.
5,I don't think the movie was made well, but it has a fresh charm
2,Bored. I thought the movie was about to start, but it ended. an overrated fairy tale
6,It's so boring...an unremembered movie
6,It's fun. GFRIEND is sleeping next to me
5,Huh? I don't know. I went to see my girlfriend on Thursday
1,I watched it with my boyfriend to celebrate our 100th day, and he said I was laughing in a strange place, so he wants to sit separately next time ^^! Afterwards, I poke my side a little bit, and they ask if I want to touch it even after watching a movie like this. ^^! God damn it, am I a girl or are you a girl? Don't watch it with lovers Because I'm angry
6,Memories of my first love as a child
5,It's just a normal romance, but a fuss!
6,I went to the theater and saw it, but it wasn't enough to praise me.
3,It was a re-release-like Youngwa
6,It was worth watching. It was a shame that there was no story after I grew up
2,If it's a movie of my life, I'll watch a movie of my life
3,I don't remember much of a movie to watch lightly.
4,It was really boring. Don't look.
6,If you want to see the love of innocent children, watch itNot bad. So-so
6,It's a bummer. It's very
5,The male lead is so handsome. Women will get emotional, but male audiences will find it hard to get emotional because of the female protagonist, who is too ugly compared to the male protagonist
1,In fact, he's a nuisance. Look at him climbing up a tree and banging on it. He's the evil of society. He's a cancer
4,Just a pretty story. A flat story
5,I couldn't focus because the main character was so handsome.LOL The ending is a bit disappointing ㅠㅠ
5,I fell asleep after watching the first 20 minutes of the movie I think all the men, including me, are asleep
6,I felt that the story was not over yet, but it was a calm and first love movie without much separation from reality
5,Youngho who watched it calmly and warmly
1,No fun... I thought you were boring. Too weak to look at my age... If you look at teenagers, it will be bitter.
1,I can't relate to the heroine because she's ugly
5,It was boring. It's so frustrating. It wasn't a sweet relationship, it was just a frustrating relationship. While watching a movie, I wondered when this would end. That's the first time I've ever thought of it.
5,A movie that purifies your mind ^^
6,The tone of the movie is refreshing and bright, but if you're not going to pretend to retrieve the sprinkled bait, I wonder why you sprayed it?
6,It's just a fairy tale movie
2,I expected it because the score was good, but there was no impact.I didn't doze off, so I gave you 2 points
6,Everyone has a different perspective.I watched it because the reviews were good, but I'm a little disappointed.I don't think it's something that will be memorable or something that reminds me of my childhood.There were people who gave me 10 points, but I don't understand a little bit.I was bored, and the content wasn't that great
5,It wasn't good or bad.
5,It's worth watching. It's really sweet
1,You can't cancel the reservation. NAVER trash
5,Maybe it's because I got older, but when I was 25 years old, it was like that. I don't like sentimental movies
5,Just an old movie. It's so childish and boring. I should have watched it on my laptop.
5,It's okay. It's my fault for blinking
1,No fun - ㅜㅜ 노 No fun, no fun
6,Makes me smile ^^ hahaha
2,NAVER is really contaminated. It's not fun. Don't watch it. It's like a full-length drama.
5,It's not as boring as it's a waste of money, but I think it's a movie that I want to sleep in a movie theater. It's so boring
1,So what's the point? The love story of a boy when he was young? I was wondering if it was just the beginning, but suddenly the ending...
6,The less you look forward to it, the better the movie is, and everything is gone except for a few of Julie's lines.
5,It was a boring movie Don't look at it I don't recommend it
1,It's not a flip but a slip?
2,It's not fun. It's not too much and it's not fun. The only thing I remember is that the female lead was pretty, the male lead is insanely handsome, the sky is double handsome ㅠㅠ Haha, really handsome
6,It's such a sweet and nice story, I was so excited!!!A movie that has such a vain ending! All the people I saw at the theater, the ending was so empty...What is this...I did it and came out. The ending is really... It's in vain.
6,I guess I was looking forward to it too much. It's not my style of movie.
1,Was I the only one who didn't have fun?
5,Why is the rating so high?It's foamy. It's very common. It's just like that.What life movie? It's boring, it's not impressive, and the OST is not good... It's just the poster that came out pretty.Do you guys watch any other movies?
1,I should get paid for watching the movie
5,I honestly don't know. Just.
5,The healing movie picture is good and the children are fresh and pure when it ends?That's it? Is this a feature film?It's not? Oh my...This reaction? Watch it when you have time
1,I looked forward to it, but it wasn't good
1,This is a part time job heaven
1,Don't be fooled by this score. It's not fun, it's boring, it's touching. It's not like 10 points. I'm giving 10 points because I'm cutting them off. ^^
5,I think the ending ended so suddenly that I was embarrassed, but I was just so-so because it's different for everyone!
3,It was a shame that the movie ended without talking about my family, and the ending was a bit disappointing.
5,The story didn't develop as much as I expected, and it was boring
5,There were too many narrations. It was like reading a diary, not a movie. And the end was kind of bland... Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? But the message I wanted to convey was deep meaning.
3,It's not about love between male and female characters. It's like a story of growth. It's different from the trailer and the story is very different.
1,I went to see the score. I couldn't find the point
1,I don't know why it's so popular. I watched it before the movie was released, but the emotional line was ambiguous and the bait was ambiguous, and I think it was a boring movie that I watched without thinking
6,You won't understand that kind of emotion to me who's been single for a long time
2,They're just cute. I don't understand their feelings
5,I drank a beer and watched the movie, but I still remember the movie
1,I don't like romance
1,I don't know what part of it is interesting.
6,The movie ended with just the beginning and the end. The ending was ridiculous. It feels like I cut it off in the middle of showing you everything.
5,Am I not innocent?
4,His face is amazing, so he scored 4 points. It's not that fun, but it's worth watching for a killing time
2,It wasn't as fun as I thought
1,I really don't understand why it's so popular.
6,I'm not an emotional woman. I'm not that touched
6,That's it for the movie introduction program. But it is clear that it is pretty and heartwarming. The actors were attractive.
5,I was fooled by the ratings. Are they part-timers?
1,It's unnatural for Bryce to like Julie, and it's ridiculous to end the movie without solving Bryce's father's bait that comes out when the two families eat. It's not a movie made with a sequel in mind. I don't recommend it.
1,It's like a movie I made I regret it
6,It was kind of boring...It's just a little by little
5,I was fooled by people who said it was a life movie, but it wasn't a movie to watch at the theater. It was a waste of money. And then it ended
4,It's not my favorite movie, but after watching it, my heart becomes kind
5,Obvious heartwarming and obvious story. It was obvious, but it wasn't bad
1,It was so boring whether it was a comment part-timer or a movie connecting Clementine. I think it's just a film of innocence.
6,I'm confused whether it's fun or not
2,I expected a lot because I heard it was fun on the Internet, but it was really boring. It is better to see Spider-Man twiceThe person in the back snored while sleeping.
6,It beautifully describes the hearts of men and women
1,I wasn't impressed by the sweet boring movie
6,Honestly, it's a waste to watch this with money. It should be fun, but this is just a quiet movie.
6,A man's movie with a man's movie. I slept, but my girlfriend liked it
6,You're a leaf of dew~~I~
5,I'm a little bored.I'm sleepy
6,I almost fell asleep in the middle, but it wasn't boring
6,Why isn't Namjoo's dad taking back the bait? He just made a bad guy
4,It wasn't my type
1,I slept while watching a movie. It's so boring. I lost 10,000 won. It's such a waste
5,Emotions are fresh and old.
1,It seems to be a frustrating story of two unexcited, nerdy children. It's empty and boring. Nam Joo's emotions are a bit strange. The bait didn't come back well. I was looking forward to it, but I was disappointed. I like romance movies like this, but she's really not. I don't understand why it's being re-released.
1,I can't believe that a movie from almost 10 years ago is being released at the theater for a reasonable price.
5,It was released in 2010. Why...Re-opening...?
4,A few years ago, my teacher showed me this at school, and I was wondering because it wasn't funny, and the bait related to Namjoo's dad (especially the reason why he was angry about music) was not explained properly. Nam Joo's emotions are really... Well, it wasn't a funny or a perfect movie
1,Very good. Very good
5,A movie that you have to watch without expectation...Maybe it's because I'm old.I don't understand why they released this late in the theater.The running time is not long, but I thought about when it would end after the middle...
6,I guess I was looking forward to it a lot.But one famous line was a memorable movie.
5,Bryce, I fell in love with your deep eyes.
6,It's definitely not enough to make a fuss about it as if it's a life movie. The development method of men's and women's perspectives was fresh and the American-style house is pretty. But there is no big impact or lingering effect.
2,The ending is kind of... LOL.You're right
5,I dozed off in the beginning. It's worth watching, but it's not fun Did you work part-time?
1,I lie down at home and watch a movie, but this was too hard.I have to see what I'm attracted to in the movie, and it's a disaster in terms of the topic.
4,Sleepy, sad and funny. Baby is cute
5,Honestly, it wasn't that much fun. It was an easy movie
3,There were many good words to keep in mind, but overall, it was so calm that it was boring.It's pretty and cute, but it feels like I saw a boring fairy tale
6,Never-- Never-Never-Callon McOrifi.
6,Simple, fresh, cute, good color
2,It just... It ended in vain Is it a story about trees and love?
1,This isn't even a lie. It's not fun
2,Because of the boring female character and the ugly male character, I give two stars
1,I had a great time sleeping in the theater I... My boyfriend said he doesn't feel anything on his shoulders
1,I'm so angry If you think this movie is fun, go out and die
1,The movie theater lights up when you think it's time to start
1,They're playing house. Bryce, you said you didn't like Julie when she was a kid, but you liked her after she threw away her eggs. You hurt me like that, but what are you welcoming about? Bryce Abbey, it's annoying to see someone like OOO in the world. It's a movie that only women will watch.
6,Compared to my expectations, I'm a bit fresh and cute, but the ending is disappointing
6,◇ The refreshing first love that comes to everyone! ◇The development of the textbook story is rather loose! ◇It's a movie like popcorn that everyone sees with sweet pop songs because the stories they know are colored beautifully!
6,a simple but warm movie
6,It is good enough to paint such a moderate picture of the growing pains that you experience anyway.
1,1 point throw box for rating adjustment
