내 이름은 칸
6,Meeting the President More Than Racism
6,My name is goalkeeper Oliver Kahn
1,Muslims do not detest "terrorists" and live in silence as a bystander. If the same Muslims had ostracized the terrorists, their misguided anger would have been directed at the same Muslims who were ostracizing, not at innocent victims.  Therefore, it is very legitimate and reasonable to curse the entire Muslims who are on the sidelines in a passive attitude.Change the title to "I'm on the sidelines," not "My name is Khan." a disgusting movie
1,Dirtyly boring, unimpressed, just annoying and uncomfortable movies
6,a long journey to dispel misunderstandings
6,The message to be delivered was simple but stretched too long. And I know Sharuk Khan is a great actor, but personally, autistic acting felt a little unnatural.
1,kilyukghjfgj
2,It's not interesting to make a production that I don't understand
4,You can't solve a problem just by knowing how to scream.
1,Hong Kong Film Sentiment in the 80s
1,I'm trying to talk too much, so the topic keeps changing.  It's not 9 points
3,If there is a devil, I think it is Khan's wife. She blamed her son's death only on her husband, and she discriminated against Muslims.  If Khan was fine, would he have done it for his wife? Khan's actions were great, though.
2,I know what you're trying to say, but it's far-fetched
1,Which countries discriminate against humans the most in the world? Islamic countries say it is a good deed to sentenced to 10 years in prison with 2,000 taehyungs for being atheists and to assault and kill Christians. And India where the caste system based on the Hindu Manu code exists.
1,an overprotective film
3,I know what you mean, but the setting of the situation is too far-fetched.I think I got a lot of inspiration from Forest Comp.  It's too contrived
6,It's not a movie that will get 9 points. To be honest, Korea is better at making things like this.
1,I hope you can watch movies better during the expert evaluation
4,It was uncomfortable because it was too forced
1,I don't like it... I think it's forced
4,....where in the world should I be touched?
1,The content is good, but the dramatic development, the background music, and the contrived story development made both hands and feet cringe throughout the movie. In a word, a movie that's too cheesy.
1,It does not give a point to the movie itself, but gives a point to those who gain sympathy by swearing at experts that they think it is a good movie if they are just sad without knowing about the movie.
4,I can't give a score to this movie either.  It's a movie, it's a touching movie, it's just how we felt.  The adaptation was terrible, awkward, and unrealistic until he struggled to find the president
2,It's touching and funny, but it's a movie that glorifies Muslims so much that even in the 21st century, Islam is still killing honor
3,In a way, I clearly realized that this movie did not match the Indian movie Indian music.2016 You're the worst movie ever. Even if I turn back my time. - Why do you watch movies?
6,France, a country that is said to be wary of prejudice, but embraced it, was terrorized.What a contradictory international situation. From the perspective of French victims or American victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, I think this movie could be an emotional movie. It's difficult.
6,In the beginning, the story of an individual who is biographical, but in the second half, the U.S. society, which has been rigid since September 11, is pointed out. However, it is regrettable that there are several forced plots.
6,The message the movie wanted to give was fully delivered, but it was boring.
6,The ending of a protagonist with autism... You can see it, right?
5,The strong message and the character's purity are not combined and collide.
1,It's like a Korean audience who gives 10 points right away if you force yourself to make something touching
6,It's just worth watching. There are a lot of episodes in it, so it feels like I've walked a long way after watching the movie. K
5,ISIS loves this movie
1,My name IS (ten letters)
1,In a movie like this, the best movie of my life, a human being doesn't have no brain
1,I think it's just that's what I think
1,I will never watch Indian movies again.
1,I hate Indian movies.I really hate it more this time.I'm so impressed. I can't believe it.
3,Indian movie characteristics are inevitable, but it's so frustrating development and out of the blue that I can't stand it
5,I feel like I'm being forced. Before being moved, I feel uncomfortable first.
1,It's fun, but it's because of the obvious development
1,If only it didn't make you cringe.
1,Well, I guess Indian movies don't suit me.
1,A film that glorifies Islam. The movie is touching, but Islam is never
5,Hollywoodization of Bollywood.
1,It's very simple. I saw it because three idiots like it. It's so forced and mixed with episodes. Is it just an Indian movie and you're giving stars because you're pathetic?
5,It wasn't fun, so I finished half an hour Especially, I couldn't get into it because I didn't like the male character's face
4,A contrived, far-fetched, overly nice story. An Indian film that I've seen looking forward to "Black," but the reality is that it's like "Three Idiots."
5,It's just a medium-sized movie
2,A movie that I tried to impress... It's not that...
4,To be honest, the production was not good, and it seemed like a new drama with a boring story, but it was one of the movies that I couldn't understand why the horoscope was so high.A movie that I don't remember other than watching the musical scene in the middle and smirking
1,It's my first time logging in to give a rating because it's so boring
5,The woman's performance was cringe-worthy, so I watched it.
6,The only thing that came to mind watching was Forest Gump, nothing less.
6,I know the message, but the composition is a bit... Should I say that the development is kind of sudden?
6,It's okay, but... The rating is too high. I don't think it's this bad
6,The rating is too high. The real world is not so easy. Movies are just movies
1,I sat down saying something touching.That's only possible if you make it well. It's a movie where you just put useless things in it so that you can feel touched. The problem is that they put enough to reduce the concentration of the movie. In the middle, it feels like watching a drama. In any case, the story of forced emotion in India and the backward countries
1,Is this for real?
1,It's not fun. And there's a screen time
1,Indian food that smells like curry...
2,I thought it was touching in the beginning, but as time went by, I was forced to...Welkke's score is high, right?
1,That's weird. This movie I've seen is so biased and it's uncomfortable to watch all the time.
1,The production is tacky compared to the story. Touching... That's all background music. People, there's no scene without music.
1,Why Indian movies are so simple, but they're so detailed and slow. I was bored to death even though I watched it twice as fast.
2,a good Muslim
1,"You are terrorists!" Let's not lose sight of reality by being swayed by emotions! It's a movie that spits out "I'm not a terrorist" and gives me a ridiculous cramming education.
1,The three idiots managed to watch it, and it just turned off, and it was exactly like a male lead, autistic acting monkey, and it was just a slurring Indian way of talking, and the main character, man, was not good.
6,appropriate story and emotion
1,I can't believe this kind of movie is in the 9th grade.ㅉ평Grading Committee
1,A rating that shows the level of NAVER
1,I don't know why I got a high score. I turned it off because I was bored
1,The material was good, but the scenario was too one-sided and far-fetched. And the second half that didn't make the point
3,The theme is good, but it's a forced development in Forest Gump
3,The storytelling is too far fetched. Is it a feature of Indian movies?
3,I forcefully convey the message that not all Muslims are terrorists.For a movie, it's not a movie!
2,The exaggerated second half, conscious of the gaze of others from a Muslim perspective, diluted the human triumphant impression
2,The message is good, but there is something rather childish and exaggerated
2,The Indian movie scenario needs a diet
6,It was so far-fetched and so predictable.I just felt that way
5,It's a touching story, but it's boring...
1,be dull and unimpressed
1,The movie that I was tired of the whole time
1,Besides being politically unsound, it's too childish
1,All Is Wall
1,Oh my... How can this be over 9 points? boredom of the forced development
2,I'm so impressed and I'm in a hurry, I'm so mad, but why is the rating so high?
3,an interchangeable development with a forced impression I didn't like the whole thing. Just trust the expert's rating
3,It sounds good, but I think it's too far-fetched. Is my level low?
2,It has good intentions, but it's as loud as a movie. I can't stand it. It's so chaotic
1,The rating is too high! To sum it up in one word... [Touched]
5,It's too artificial and contrived.
6,Indian movie's far-fetchedness. I think the story is weakwoman 여
6,The content is good, but the exaggerated acting and directing are annoying
5,It's because I'm looking forward to it. a separate room
2,The rating is too high. The movie is good, but it's too far-fetched
5,the distinctive taste of Indian cinema
4,Touching but too boring.
3,I thought it would be touching. It was so boring. It was forced.
6,It wasn't that funny, and I'm not a terrorist
1,Korean people think that it is a great movie to cry and runny nose
6,Honestly, I was... really bored.
1,I can't trust NAVER. It's really grossly boring.I trusted the ratings and regretted it
1,The rating is too high. I was impressed, but 8.5 is just right
6,I think I saw an Indian movie for the first time, but I am not particularly impressed.^^
3,There's no end to the story! Zero reality, what's so touching about this?
2,It's touching, but in terms of expression...I was fooled by the netizens' rating once again. K
1,Disgusted by the forced situation and the empathy he's giving.
6,A typical scoop of yogurt...Why don't you watch Forest Gump twice?
3,It's a beautiful story, but it's a shame that it can't be so sophisticated
6,I feel like I'm forced to eat.
2,It was okay in the beginning, but as time went by, I thought it wasn't right. Forced touching is...
1,Boring running time. Throughout the whole time, I watched a contrived video to impress. It was annoying.
1,I am not a terrorist.
1,As he said, the movie was so impressive that it was made out of force, the same trash as the dead poet society
1,I'm not good at giving you 1 point, but it's a really touching movie, but it's Pax America.
5,A meaningful message that I wish I had controlled the degree of kindness
6,It's not a true story, but it's so contrived
5,I'm so moved that I'm sleepy because the running time is too long
4,It's good to deliver, but it's too exaggerated to be immersed.
1,a childish sense of contraindThe main character who keeps his hair up all the time;; even in the hospital;; cringe.a waste of time
4,The forced touching scenes...I don't know
4,Why can't I feel touched? It's not touching, it's not funny
5,a three-thousand-thousand-thousand-thousand movie
5,I saw the whole group at school and it was a waste of money
1,I can't believe this movie has such a high rating. an American movie that ends in a happy ending
3,Now I'm tired of reading moral books
1,Don't look if you can, but three idiots are me
1,I know you want to deliver something, but... As if you wrote it with your feet...
1,I was looking forward to this movie after watching three Indian movies, but there are a lot of forced and boring parts
1,It feels like I'm watching an old drama The message is too direct.
5,That's not good. The Indian movie Three Idiots is much better.
6,A work that is good just by the message of the movie.
1,Honestly, I was just like that
2,It was a time to think about Islamic religion/not boring, so the rating is too high
1,It's only one point
5,Expectations were so high that it was not as fun as I thought. And it's too long.
6,It's long. Why do Indian movies make it so long?
1,What is different from just a science fiction movie?
1,A comedy like "Dead Poets Society"...
6,The exaggerated second half, conscious of the gaze of others from a Muslim perspective, diluted the human triumphant impression
6,It started well, but when I sang in church in the middle, I felt like this movie was ruined, so I just half of it
6,It's touching, but it seems to be too much
2,But Indian movies... lol
1,I'll lower the rating. Hahahahaha
4,Fantasy
1,I didn't like Khan, who was hurting others by ignorance.
6,It's a very clever and moving story, but I couldn't help but feel uncomfortable.
3,That's terrible.I know what you're trying to say, but...
1,It was really boring
2,This is a movie that I watched in the year of production. Why is it coming out these days?
2,Tacky, simple and direct message delivery makes me feel like I've read a moral book for elementary school students
6,a subject too sensitive to be taken for all intents and purposes a film that needs discussion rather than enthusiasm
1,That's a lot of work. It's packed with ratings.Seven points is enough.
5,It's okay at first, but it's getting more and more touching.
5,I like the material, but I can't help it if it's cringe-worthy
4,It wasn't as fun as I thought I guess I was looking forward to it too much;;
4,I guess it fits the sentiment of our country; this movie is 9.3 in Imdb, it's 7th and a half
1,What a long way to go!
1,the incessant development of an obvious story... I don't understand why the rating is so high
5,Cliché, who's obviously so moved, talks about this and ends with an OST
6,Still, the money was not a waste.
6,Let's not denigrate the whole religion by blaming the behavior of some fundamentalists
6,an imperfect combination of two stories Still, it's touching.
1,What do you mean, I'm not used to the sudden change of situation?
1,It's obvious. It's touching.It's worth seeing, except that it's a little underwhelming because it's expected.
1,The end of extreme emotion. Too tilted view. Semantic delivery = loss of fun.
6,A movie that's not fun but touching!
6,A movie that's easy to fall for 'Error of Emotion'.
5,It was too boring for expectations and seemed to be cleverly advocating for a particular religion
6,Lost words for the theater owner who cut it in half for half an hour.Did you forget that you were Ugly Korean with a knife when you sent Lucbe?
1,a new school
3,Korea's cultural scene is being played by Islamic fraud!
1,Isn't it a movie that advocates for Muslims?I can't believe that you're so deeply culturally in Korea.discernment
5,It's perfect for the expert's score below.Freshness (Star 1), Fun (Star 1), Impressed (Star 3)
6,a boring movie that repeatedly talked about a long time ago as if it were something great
4,It is so Indian movie. Songs that go overboard from time to time... -- The beginning is boring. Oh my god
6,You have to distinguish between good messages and well-made...Too honest. Overaction movie.
1,Not a single star is a waste, I was fooled by the worst movie ever
1,It's fun and touching, but 127 minutes was boring
5,It seems like it's going to give me high expectations, but it's unfortunately over...The theme is kind of empty
5,I really don't understand. It was touching and fun. The acting was good
6,The subject of racism was good, but it didn't make me cry.It was kind of boring...I should've seen suspicious customers
1,An exaggerated sound that interferes with movie immersion. tedious content development Forcing you to be moved. The actual score is less than 4 points
1,All the time, I felt uncomfortable watching the Islamic promotional video.I don't like the director.Let's stop the Indian welcome.
1,I don't think it's a 9.3 rating. I want to give 8 points, but the score is too high
1,A movie with a score of 9 points is "No, no. Eight points? (just half a star for balance) It's a good idea, but the composition is artificial
2,The movie is over 2 hours.. A movie that requires a lot of patience. Why did they make it?
1,I was looking forward to it, but it's the worst.Clearly, the implications of the subtle "Islamic" overbraindication
6,It was an enlightening movie. The theme is "Understanding Different." It's a good movie, but I think it's a little exaggerated.
1,A movie that makes me feel like I'm going to be a bad person if I don't solve the misunderstanding about Muslims
6,It's not a movie with 9 points
1,a self-hypnotizing film on the back of Bollywood's simple deterrence
1,This isn't right.
1,It's a little far-fetched.
1,This is how you start to change your perception of Islam ^^
1,I don't understand why it's so touching
5,You shouldn't have forced me to do anything to impress me.
6,Too unrealistic. So it's a bit forced. And it's so dried seaweed
6,I wish I could concentrate on what I wanted to say... just a sad movie!
2,A visible development...I don't understand the high movie rating
6,I watched a lot of Indian movies, but...It's like three stars.
1,If it's over 9 points, isn't the weekend seats full if it's only 18 days after opening? More than half of the beads
1,A trash movie that part-timers will like.  The key is the political code that represents American interests
6,Indian-made monotonous, boring American impressions
6,The content itself is fine, but Indian music interferes with immersion --ㅡㅡ
1,I looked at the rating, but this isn't right
1,I think it's right to give a little bit of a little
1,Oh, it's annoying... It's not funny...I'm so impressed... ...pay for it!
5,If you've seen Forest Gump and Rainman... It's just like a combination of two movies.
1,The content isn't very...
1,Islamic advocacy under the name of multiculturalism
5,It was quite a sight until the middle. But Muslim glorification has been so great since then.
2,I thought I was going to die because I took my friend after the review. Bored rather than moved. The efforts to break away from the image of Muslims are amazing.
1,I like Indian movies, but...I don't know... come...I can't believe Sharukkhan appeared in this movie.
3,A movie that didn't really express anything, a movie that ended in a whirl, a movie that saw the limitations of Bollywood
2,I think I got to know my movie taste a little by looking at the rating section here.
2,I found out after watching this movie that the part-timers were really riffle. But look at me
2,Despite the lack of work, the rating is too high...
6,A film that tried to tell too many stories, too settled for a movie genius autistic
1,It was so boring, so boring, so uninteresting, and there was no moving element at all.
1,If you think about it a little bit, it's not a good movie. (Please refer to the article on Hankyoreh 21)
6,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it... It's just like King's Speech
6,I saw it, but it's not my style ^^;;;
2,a dull nationalism that is moderately embedded in religious matters
2,This movie and Bollywood movie reviews are strangely high, but if you like it, keep watching it. I won't stop you lol
1,My name is Khan... not a terrorist.Crying... Come on
5,It's been childish and boring since the middle of the president's chase
5,It's not good compared to three idiots, but it's about five points.;;
4,From the part where the mother tells the president to talk to her, it turns into a movie for Islamic pride
2,Forrest Gump copy of the disability device that glorifies Islam and causes cheap sympathy
6,The death of my son. The process of visiting the president... It's a bit forced... But it's not worth watching.Haha
2,I know what you're trying to say, but it's a little childish.It's like a Korean drama. a rating overrun
1,I'm touched, but it's only an Islamic missionary film that promotes Islam.
6,I want to give it exactly 6.5. The movie is nice and good, so the delivery of Messi is weak.
1,There's a lot of religious stuff, so...
1,I'm making a movie out of the box and I really hate Indian movies.
1,The height of the act of not being moved, not being able to laugh. It was so cringe-worthy that I thought I was going to die.
5,The content and atmosphere were good, but the dance suddenly came out in the middle and broke the mood
6,I watched several Indian movies, but I still can't get used to dancing and singing out of the blue.
1,I almost died of boredom a bubble-filled film
1,Too... verbose and contrived. Crucially, Obama doesn't come out at the end. That's too much. 8.3 is enough.
6,Just think of it as a melodrama
4,I was disappointed when I saw it because the rating was high. Totally!
6,How are you uncomfortable all this whole time? Didn't you save Obama who looks like him.
1,I was tricked... boring...If I knew it was a Muslim story, I wouldn't have paid for it.
1,To be honest, I think it looks good because it treats Islam like a god and overdoes it
1,The rating is wrong
1,The rating is too high
1,I thought it was a true story. The probability is ridiculous. What's wrong with the ranking?
2,The road to delivering a message of hope is so lengthy that you soon get tired
4,I don't know where to put the weight, but I don't know much about it
1,It's too obvious what's going to happen, 100% predictable.
6,It's not that it's boring.It's not like a funny movie; it's also too contrived and religious.
4,an Islamic glorification film
4,I watched it before, but I only remember watching a boring and obvious movie
6,be moved by
1,I'm glad you believe in the white head religion -- Oh, my
1,grossly contrived
1,I don't like Indian movies. You're out
1,Maybe I'm touched, but I feel sorry for the damage to Islam and neglect the death of terrorism
1,The score is too high. It's definitely not 9.3 that makes you move 8.5cm
6,I got a friend recommendation. Did I expect too much?
4,Like the person below said, the whole story is exaggerated. I watched a few Indian movies because they were so popular
6,It's an award-winning film.
1,4 points. It's too simple and has too much content. The characters and the content are all exaggerated.
6,It's frustrating when you look at itA movie that makes you...
6,A well-being instant made from autism, family, love and racism
6,The beginning was a little boring. The latter part is worth watching. I guess I used scissors for the first movie for 30 minutes.
1,To be honest with you a real let down. If you looked in a long and boring, running time thought, really.
1,There are not only good people but also bad people. There are good and bad people, and there are bad and good people who are bad
6,A B-rated movie that digs into a gutter of reality.
6,The last scene is touching!^^
6,It was a good message movie, but I saw it once in Forest Gump in the past.
6,It's so similar to Forest Gump. Is this for real?
4,It's not a movie that's good enough to get 9 points. It's just worth watchingI don't recommend you to watch it
1,I want to give you 7 points, but I think it's too high, so I'll give you a low score
4,I was looking forward to it because the movie reviews were so good.
1,I don't know. I don't like it.
1,There are a lot of part-timers here. A very boring and annoying movie theater.
4,I only saw the good Khan for 150 minutes
1,Half a star is such a waste. Is the level of Korean audience seriously childish or is it a mass part-time job?
6,The beginning is insanely disgusting and then the second half is the real movie.
1,If it's too long, the ratings are too high
6,A movie that lets you know a good mother, a good husband, and a good person
3,It contains the extremeization of the calf prejudice, but in the end, the color of Islam was too strong.
6,It's been a year since it was leaked Well?! ^^;
6,The setting and story are too contrived to understand with the chest.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,Sigh, oh,
5,I'd rather recommend black...The clumsiness of an Indian moral textbook.Honestly, it's not that great
5,Ugh! People are so cool. Everyone has 10 points
1,5 stars in this OOO movie...It's not a stone bed for longevity.Forrest Gump's sublime...
1,It's my first time getting a rating.      It's so boring. The content is too spread out.
5,A movie that shows the end of cliché... I don't think I'll ever watch Indian movies again.
1,It's a touching movie, but... There was a boring side to it. To be honest, 8.8 is just right
5,It was pretty boring, not touching, just a long running time;
5,I don't like Indian movies, but I'm disappointed because I got a good rating. There is no Bollywood.
1,To be honest, the story is so obvious, but I don't understand why it's so high
1,I'm a little bored.
1,I think it is comparable to Clementine.
1,I was surprised by the high score, so I logged in and gave it a rating
1,8 points is enough
1,Honestly, it's a movie with a score of 7 points.
2,Even if it's a bit fun, it's definitely 10 points. I'll keep my score
1,Oh, S and B ratings are high. I manage ratings
1,be rated too high for nothing
1,It wasn't good. Time was a waste. It was rated higher than Forest Gump
6,Why am I not funny... I'm not touched. That's not good
1,Forest Gump kept overlapping
6,The story is okay, but... Personally, I'm not that touched...
1,a visual that lowers the rating of a movie
1,It's so boring Time-wasting movie, boring, unrealistic story, trash movie
5,a film that eliminates the excessive expectations of Indian cinema
5,be taken for a rating an American heroism film
1,It's a bad movie. I was fooled by the ratings, and it's not funny. It's not that bad
6,It's kind of...
6,It's fun, but 6 points
1,I'm going to cut it a little bit.
1,I don't know if it's because I watched it when I had nothing to do at night, but I almost fell asleep
1,The rating is too bubbly... It's not this bad
6,It was good that India's unique musical didn't go in.Touching, but not admiring.
1,Totally different
6,My lack may be the biggest reason, but I don't think I was very impressed
2,I've never seen a movie that doesn't make sense. BGM also has an error. I watched this movie with sincerity.
4,Three Idiots: Perfect: 10 points / This movie: Forced: 4 points
1,After watching the 3idiots really impressively, I think it's because I had high expectations
1,A really good movie. Make sure to watch this movie
6,It's a masterpiece because it's a classic movie that'
5,It was exaggerated, but it was worth watching
1,1125225 overs are too much. I think we need to lower the score
6,Indian movies can't concentrate because of loud Indian music even in moving scenes because of music
6,a film that appeals to the artificial impression of garbage suitable for six ratings
6,I saw this after I saw three idiots.I give you 10 points for the former, so my name is 6 points for the column
3,It's a movie with a score of seven, but a rating of nine or more is a little too much.
1,Indian movies are all too much.
1,It's okay, but this high score is too much...
1,That's not true. How can this movie get the highest rating? That's not true
1,Harmony of excessive 'Indian message injection' and 'unanswered religious themes' continues for 165 minutes
1,That's too much foam. I don't know where to focusLessons are obvious
6,I don't know... I don't really... If you want to be moved, I recommend "Three Idiots" among the same Indian movies.
6,I couldn't concentrate while watching this movie
5,a grossly crude and unnatural over done film; an Islamic promotional film
3,It's kind of boring.
4,Made in India. Forest Gump...
5,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it'If it was too boring and not good, I would ㅜㅜ
1,I don't like it
5,I took the time to watch it, but the story is solid but boring
5,If you take out the message, it's a poor movie
1,A story that's obvious and corny. The rating is too high.
2,To be honest, I don't think Indian movies fit me well. I watched them because of their ratings
2,There are a lot of people, and they suddenly turn it into a disaster movie for development.
1,I can't believe this kind of movie is the best in my life. Have you ever seen a movie? ㅉㅉㅉ
1,A good work, but a week-long movie. That's how boring it was. I can't get into it. Haha
2,To be honest, it's very childish.
1,You need to know the real thing right away...I hope that this movie will not glorify Muslims
3,Hollywood's people are so funny. I'll admit it if you go beyond Forest Gump
5,It was a good movie, but it was very boring for me.
6,I can't get rid of the feeling of getting bored little by little by little.
6,I'm not very impressed.
1,It's a touching movie, but I wonder if the rating is right now
1,There is no boring side! He is no better than the masterpiece of Gump, which is more than 10 years old This is not a rating of 1
1,It's not much different from old anti-fear movies and dramas.It's a tacky childish thing with memories overlap.
1,I need to lower the rating. This movie is not 9.3 ㅠㅠ
1,I think 8.5 points is perfect, so let's lower it a little. The actress is really pretty
6,I was looking forward to it because the rating was so good. It's so awkward. Too bad.
3,Why are you acting like a fool? And that doesn't mean he's a genius. It's so obvious that I'm acting.
1,Too dramatic for me to relate to... a movie worth watching but not a perfect score.
6,It's too long. I'm not touched
5,Forced to be moved by an unreasonable setting. I'm touched, but the rejection...
1,I'm never going to watch Indian movies again. Phew...
1,It's Forest Gump Annoying bye. Boring. Boring
1,Forest Gump + Rainman Plagiarism, Boredom's Extreme
1,It feels like Forest Gump
1,Directing, characters, and stories were touching, but there were also boring aspects in the development.1 point to lower the rating to 8.5
1,I can see that you want to make it sad, so it's a huge disappointment.I'm more disappointed by your forced acting
1,I was fooled by the rating. A very corny, childish and far fetched fabrication film.
6,I tried to put too much into it, so I got a little bored at the end.
3,I like Indian movies, but this movie is boring and I dozed off.
1,A movie that wasn't good for my style. What's the part-time job that gives you good grades?
1,It's interesting to have some perspective on history, religion, race...It's not my style.
4,Why Indian movies are overrated these days...I think it's a little awkward.
4,It's just...Is it something touching?This is
6,It was worth watching, but there was no fun element and it was boring
1,not much
1,It's just a third-rate trash movie. Let's not worry about it.
4,Graduation is really boring. It's boring...I'll give you two because it's the last touch
1,2 hours and 30 minutes is such a waste.A long time. A little lingering feeling. a mediocre
4,You've made it boring to finish it short
1,The movie is good, but I think the rating is about 8 points
1,There are a lot of people who like Indian movies, and Idiots are also very popular
1,It felt like it was too much and it was unnatural as if it were after seeing Yonggari
1,Indian movies have a part-time job, but they're pretty boring
1,Koreans can understand each other when they appeal to their emotions I like Indian movies, but honestly, it's worth 7 points
1,Really... A good movie
1,What's the rating? There's no jam!
1,What? There's no rating jam
1,After watching an Indian movie, I'm going to see a fantasy and go to India The rating is perfect!
1,What's this?
1,the Alba Prohibition Board
6,To be honest, it's not a perfect movie. It's forced and touching. It's boring in the beginning
5,Whether it's against America or sending love to America, it's nearly three hours long
1,6 points is enough...It can be boring like watching a drama...
1,It's fun, but not this much
4,It was fun LOLThe rating is too high
1,1 point or 10 points
1,This is a masterpiece
1,It's a really good movie, but there are many better movies than this, but it's a shame that the rating is too high.
1,It's really the best movie of the best
1,It's the best
3,I gave you a star in honor of the soul that was sacrificed on Sept. 11, otherwise it wouldn't have been easy
1,Forrest Gump's Bollywood sublime
1,I thought it would be fun after seeing the score.It's really not funny.I mean it.
6,The content is solid, but it can't be helped that it's boring.
6,It's not my cup of tea because it only shows bright and happy things.
1,It's a fake movie that mimics Forest Gump and Slumdog Millionaire.
1,A false Muslim education film that was forcibly glorified~~~ Only the stabbing scene is truly real.
1,He is nothing but a servant of Gump. It's not realistic, it's obvious, it's story, it' it's awkward acting...150 minutes is a waste
1,If you knew any of these crazy people, you'd look like a dog in a movie.
1,For two and a half hours...I feel like I've been preached to a Muslim I like Muslims, but this isn't it
5,B-list movie. A forced Indian movie. Indian films that always feature third-rate songs and dances
5,Indian movies have a long running time halving the fun
1,I hate dancing in Indian movies.
4,Too much preaching has a negative effect
1,The actress in the Indian movie is almost a goddess.Other than that, we don't get along well with each other.
