해리 포터와 죽음의 성물 - 2부
1,Please, JAEMIN who likes Harry Potter! Why do you say "no" to the first rating? You don't respect other people's opinions at all? If you guys like it, should I like it all? In particular, you didn't talk about disparaging comments (more below). It's true. I told you in the book that I was nervous because people were surrounded, but I was sad that no one was there. But why are you saying no just because you're not satisfied?JAEMIN, yes, you. You're not the center of this world and there are people who have different opinions from you. You should know to respect such people if they are not rude. JAEMIN, you can't say no in my comment. But don't do that anywhere else. Who's JAEMIN? You'll know when you read this. Yeah, I mean you. You.
1,In the original book, when Harry fought Voldemort, Hogwarts students watched him, but when Harry beat Voldemort at the end, everyone tried to catch him, but the movie was not there when Voldemort and Harry fought. The book is ten thousand times more interesting.ㅠㅠㅠㅠ ㅜㅜ
5,The first part was more fun and the second part was really bad than I thought.
6,I wonder if kids know about the magical events of old men
6,
4,At first glance, Harry Potter seems to be the main character, but I think it was more touching because everyone related to it was the main character.
1,It's really not fun... That's why we can't even get over 5 million viewers. ㅉㅉ
1,...........,우지키 관절염에 걸렸어요.
1,아줌마 너는 너를 풍부하게 해 오오 광둥
1,ifdegyhjuietihihihihi
1,It's just that Harry Potter isn't fun in the first part
6,I think the rating is too high, so I give you 6 points to lower it.Watching the last episode after watching the mysterious animal dictionaries, I think director David Yates has a lot of scenes that are stretched out for too long and there are not many lines in the second half, it feels boring. But Harry Potter is Harry Potter.
1,I didn't know that you would be remembered in my deep heart.
1,It is a mystery that Myeongnyang is embarrassed to have the largest audience in Korea and that the movie is ranked eighth in the world in history. Personally, it was so boring and boring and yawning. It's 5 points, but it's too high. 1 point
1,I can't reflect all the original content, but I'm very disappointed as a Harry Potter fan because it's not a smooth production, but a scene where I eat noodles is cut off David Yates, the worst director of my life
1,It's like the development that a middle school student wrote
4,It's not fun compared to the 1st and 2nd episodes. I only watch the 1st and 2nd episodes
1,After watching the Lord of the Rings series, I watched Harry Potter. It's a really good movie, but it's too much compared to Lord of the Rings. Make sure to watch "The Lord of the Rings".
5,As expected, the last-minute duel with the captain was in vain.The three main characters are so big that they don't feel like fantasy
5,I don't think Harry Potter is very...
5,If you eat too much in a hurry, you'll pretend
3,The first and second episodes were fun. After the third one, it's not that...
2,Star Wars is super fun, but for me, it's a little...
1,Good job. It's finally over
1,OOO sublet. It's disgusting to be fast with just one snape. You're just putting up a character
1,Where on earth is the invisibility cloak of death?
1,Story is dog trash. It's just the opening of memories
6,It's an end with a lot of bubbles. 6 points for loyalty for 10 years
6,You can't do anything with technology.
1,Where the hell did Harry's cloak go? He did not wear a transparent cloak when he went to meet Voldemort or fell from Hagrid's arms. Especially, the former told his friends that he was going to die, but his friends didn't stop him. He didn't ask Neville to kill the snake, but he killed it. Not much compared to the book
2,a highly rated film It's just a little crude.
1,Don't make this crap movie, it's a waste of time
5,From the Order of the Phoenix to the Deathly Hallows, the director smashed Harry Potter. If I had followed the novel well, I would have hit a flat hit, but I am very disappointed as a Harry Potter 'hot fan'. If you want to watch a movie, don't watch it. Just read a book.
1,Malfoy is not seen disarming Dumbledore's cane in the movie "The Half-Blood Prince." Harry is not seen disarming Malfoy's wand in the first movie "The Deathly Hallows." However, in the movie, Harry's last lines say he was disarmed. It's a crucial prison term, but no one mentions it.
1,What's this? It's not fun at all
1,It would have been better if it had been made according to the book, but the last battle was so futile.
6,I don't like the main character until the end. It seems to be a well-made movie, but it's boring all the time.
6,It's about Harry Potter. There's nothing to download because the original is so great. Why do you make movies so dark?crying
1,1 point because of the buff
1,Even though it's part two, I thought it was an omnibus -- why does it break so fast? Well, I filmed a random romance like a dog, and the action is not fun like a dog. I thought I was watching a movie from the 80s. I thought it was okay in part one, so I watched it and I didn't know why.
5,At first, it started with anticipation and fun, but it faded away and finally ended
2,It's kind of ridiculous. Why didn't Snape even tell McGonagall or Harry about it? The writer set it up so incoherently because of the twist
1,This is why I hate animations
5,I am sorry that Harry Potter is over, but the Deathly Hallows Part 2 is not great, but the visuals are too much ahead
5,It was worth looking at until Azkaban's prisoner, but after that, I clearly felt that it was difficult to compress the original content. Is there a remake that goes beyond the original?
3,To be honest, the story written by Rolling is great, not the movie
6,It's the end of a series, but it's not very interesting... ...and I regret seeing it in theaters.
6,It was the most serious and most boring in the series It's natural for people to like or dislike it
1,I didn't like Harry Potter. I just had lightning coming out of my cane
5,Barely in the fantasy spirit of Harry and Hermione.Oh, oh, you're not...
1,not much
1,I watched all the novels and movies, but I think up to two movies were cute and good Honestly, isn't this an overestimate? It's the end of the series and it's not fun, but it's too watery
1,It's getting more childish and obvious.The last duel is almost empty.
1,I don't know why this has such a high rating. I watched it since I was young when I was the same age, but as I grew up, I lost interest, and the series became boring and bland, and I especially wondered when the last episode would end. I am also disappointed by movie critics. I wonder if it is true that I watched the movie and evaluated it.I'm disappointed
1,to be boring and childish
6,There were many more thrilling and touching scenes in the original, but Yates' spirit of throwing them away or connecting them awkwardly... I don't know why he kept using director Lee.
1,What's wrong with this? The rating is 9.6?? Crazy... another bubble following Dark Knight.
1,An eye-level fantasy suitable for Koreans with low intellectual standards. For kimchi that doesn't know it's as low as it is enthusiastic
1,Adults are probably as boring as I am.
6,a film that culminates in the series but leaves many regrets
1,It was really bad. If time was a waste, the Deathly Hallows Part 1 and Part 2 was a failure
5,To be honest, I think I ended it in a hurry. I thought Bellatrix was going to die by Neville, but he just spins in vain and breaks to death. I don't know if it's sad because it's the last one, but it seems to end in vain.
1,I can't watch it because I'm sleepy.
1,That kind of movie is off and it's ridiculous
4,The best part of Deathly Hallows 2 is the opening and ending book, and people who read it will be furious when David Yates took the megaphone from the fifth film, Phoenix The thing that shocked me the most was when I was looking for one of the Horcruxes, the Leavenclaw Crown, when I was a half-blooded prince, I was like that, and I was wondering how I was going to end it.So mad
1,It's really not fun. I can't translate the lines into the novel, but especially when I talk to Dumbledore, I've left out almost everything about the most important story, the Deathly Hallows, and I'm disappointed because I have high expectations
5,When I watch the series after the Sorcerer's first birthday, I think this is a great movie that adds the fantasy of magic to the genre of mystery thriller
4,In the end, it should have ended in part one.
6,Ah, it was the last series, but it didn't meet my expectations. I don't feel anything special.
4,The Lord of the Rings impressed me and Harry Potter gave me nothing but irritation
5,I don't know why this novel is so popular all over the world.There are many more interesting and outstanding works in Korean fantasy literature.
1,It's amazing that this work has a rating of 9 points.The main actors' poor acting skills, the omission of the original double track, and the meaning of the original story are tarnished by highlighting the main character. Literally crap. Better than the previous one.
1,The main characters are so bad at acting...
6,The question is that this movie has a rating of over 9... maybe because people have been together for a long time as they grow up and it's the last one, but the movie itself is low in perfection and a rating of about 7... will go down over the years.
1,Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1, Part 2, dvd, Blu-ray, 3d (General Edition, SE Special Edition, LE Limited Edition, UCE Collection, Harry Potter Full Box Set, Blu-ray Harry Potter Full Box Set, Harry Potter Ultimate Box Set) is not available.* (We have ordered from Naver Shopping
1,z
6,Overall, the Harry Potter series is not as good as the original. When I look at the book, important clues keep coming out, but I am less moved and the last scene is in vain as I cut it and eat it. But I think it is better than the previous Harry Potter series movie.
6,Indeed, the actor who plays Severus Snape did not disappoint me. I think I finished it well
1,Bbs, gg?
1,Young kids will find it interesting.
5,It's boring and I'm not curious about it.
1,The secret room is much more interesting.
6,Young people don't know, but people like me can't watch it.
5,I don't know if I'm old.
1,It's obvious that I'm squeezing all over the fairy tale book...
6,It's fun, but as time went by, I was less interested than the previous one... ...the original was still interested. In that sense, I was a bit disappointed...
2,Is this fun? A childish movie like this?
1,줄거리를 이해할 수 없다...
1,That's great. How did you make such a fun piece of crap out of it? Why did you change the cut and compressed part of the story, and why did you change the flow of the story to your liking?^^ I'll remember your name so I won't throw it away again
1,What's this?
1,It's a movie that has reached its limit
1,Maybe it's because I didn't watch the Harry Potter series from the beginning, but it's not fun.
1,It's been a year, but it's a movie that I still remember because it's trash. Why did I pay 8,000 won to watch this? I fell asleep the whole time. Let's watch this when we can't sleep
1,Harry Potter is the only sleepy movie in the movie. This is 9 points. It's a big bubble movie
1,I should have ended it with a book. Until the end of the series, the poor acting, the film's perfection is hopelessly unprocessable garbage.You should think that the original is interesting.
6,Harry Potter may be limited in terms of movie, but it doesn't really capture half of the novel, but the level of completion is to a certain extent six points
1,It's not in the 9 point range
6,They're running around, but they can't relate.The action in the second half is cool
1,This is ridiculous. Are you saying that you understand this and that it's fun? You didn't make it so bad
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
3,As expected, the first series is the most fun. The more you get, the more you change the score
5,The movie is disappointing because I am so interested in the original...
4,I don't understand
1,Look at the Lord of the Rings series. It's no match for Harry Potter
1,The rating is too high;;
1,Director --
1,That's too high. Let's lower the rating
6,Too much emphasis; where is the content and the lesson?
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
5,The movie "Harry Potter" has been a mess since the director changed to David Yates.
1,Compared to books, movies are trash
3,I want to give 6 points in terms of the movie, but it is a waste of 3 points compared to the book.
1,The rating is unexpectedly really high; to be honest, if it's really not funny, I'm so into it and I'm reading a book
1,To be honest, 10-point owners are people who haven't read books. Compared to books, this is too much.
1,Honestly, it's not 9 points. For killing time, it's good
5,This is one of the movies that I can't believe in NAVER ratings
1,If you can't beat the original, don't change it
1,You've never read a book with a ten-point mark. How can you make such memories of a prince?
1,Too bad... I should have changed the director in the first part of Deathly Hallows.
5,Apart from the rating, I thought I was going to die because it was not fun. What is it about? Boring!
1,It's not fun. What's the score of 9? So I give you one point.
6,Deathly Hallows 1 and 2 were honestly the most boring...
1,I can't put all the contents of a book in a movieBut this isn't right.
6,Am I weird? ;; It's a little boring
1,Is this fun?
4,I watched it boring and boring. It's ridiculous that the ratings are good.
1,To be honest, it's not 9.3
1,It's a boring movie for kids
5,Is it because the expectations are so high that the movie after the 4th movie seems to be too much for the book
3,It was boring and boring. It took patience to see the end
1,You should have finished such a boring movie earlier. I'm afraid there'll be a follow-up.
1,It's a hell of a potter, but the story really changed like a crap.How do you delete the last Liddle and Harry conversation?
3,The book is much more fun. It's a waste of money
1,I'm sick of it
5,What's the movie that I received yesterday that I can't download today?  naver??
1,If you know a novel, it's trash
6,The movie is so nonviolent that I got 6 points. As expected, the limit of a woman's imagination is up to here.
3,I'm really sorry, but this is the limit. It's been brewed for a long time
1,the quality of the original work
1,I don't understand the content of the movie at all, and I can't find any probability.
1,The end is boring
1,If you don't have the ability to adapt the story, you can't do it
3,I don't know what Harry Potter is doing until the end. It's okay if you have a good connection.
1,What a mess, David Yates
1,Rating 6 - David Yates has certainly proved to be poor in directing
1,As I have read the original book, I am angry to make the last novel with OOO instrument
1,I can't find the impression I felt while reading a movie book that ruined the original work. It's just empty
3,Harry Potter is such a pushover. Actually, he doesn't do anything, but he has good connections and veins.
1,The boring movie is coming to an end!Why is this movie fun?
1,It's not funny, it's ridiculous, it's childish, it's not
4,It's been a long time since I saw you, but even now I think it ended in vain.
4,be grossly boring The level of Chuseok special
1,It's not funny, really. It was the least interesting movie I've ever seen
6,The power of justice, the fate of the hero.
1,It's the last episode, so I think I filmed it quickly
5,Is this really fun? Is it popularity by crowd psychology?
1,I think Harry Potter is really awesome.Anyone can watch it without age restrictions.
6,Harry Potter that I see every holiday!It's neither funny nor interesting why I had to watch it
1,I'm so sleepy
5,...I'm a little sad
1,Please show us Harry PotterI want to see Harry PotterPlease show us Harry Potter
1,As expected, Harry Potter is the best! This is the second worst movie in my life
2,To be honest, it was boring. I've had enough of the series since it was over three.
5,I'm speechless at the end ㅠㅠ;;
4,It was really bad
1,The director read the book
1,Is this fun?
1,Not really
5,There's nothing to see except Snape's double-track. Especially, the last battle scene reminds me of Dragon Ball.
1,It's not that
1,Abracatabra, low
1,Not very.;;
6,Voldemort is dying in vain.
6,It's worth watching, but it's not that fun
1,Honestly, I don't think it's right to give 10 points...;;;; Did you give it generously because it was the last time?
4,I didn't want to. The story was boring.What a waste of money.
1,I went to see Emma Watson's underwear, but she's not even visible
1,Boredom
1,It's part two, but if you look at the movie itself, it's a poor production
1,What a waste of money
1,Last 10 minutes of fun. I watched the entire story, but it wasn't fun
5,I don't think it can surpass the quality and impact of Harry Potter in the early days
6,It's fun and... There are times when it's not fun...
1,Is this a baby fight?
6,Somehow
1,I don't know... As expected, I don't like it
5,I don't really...
6,If you look at the original first, most movies are disappointed. The reason why I watched this as a movie is to watch the battle scene
5,I don't think it's 2%..,
6,It was fun until the middleThere's a twist, there's a lot of new facts, but it's getting boring. Is it because I'm looking forward to it?
1,After watching the rating, I fell asleep while watching the movie that I regretted.
1,I'm really disappointed because this one is so boringcrying
3,Oh, it's the ending, so I should've added a little more
5,I don't know if it's because I didn't watch it from the beginning, but it feels
1,It's not a crazy drama. I'm just kidding, but it's a waste of money
6,I'm sorry, but... I fell asleep...crying
2,Dozing off while watching a movie is alive. The first story is good, but why are there so many small talk?
5,The chronic problem of the Harry Potter series is that it fails to revive the detailed development that can only be felt in the book "Urgent Development."
5,somehow
6,Well, it's not as good as the others, so I don't know
1,What a waste of money But why the rating?Don't trust your part-timers
1,I really don't understand elementary school movies.
6,
1,I'm really sorry. I want to curse the women who cursed at me. They don't even deserve to film me
4,I'm bored
6,I don't think it's good to watch it in 3D.
1,Looking at the book...
1,○ Loss of money
1,○ Loss of money
1,What about you, Jiwon?
6,Maybe it's because I don't read novels. It's a little hard to keep up with the characters.
6,It's too bad.
1,My original rating is 7 but every ridiculous rating gives me the lowest score...
1,[One person who wants to see]
2,I fell asleep while watching it
1,It wasn't good
1,It's been so boring since the Goblet of Fire.You let it slide because you said it was the last time.Damn it.
6,I prefer the Half-Blood Prince
1,Awesome! It's not fun. I thought I was watching a magic push and pull dragon ball
6,Well, at the end, like this................ㅜ.ㅜ;
6,It makes it look cool, but when you open the lid, it's like a movie...
1,I'm disappointed
1,What do you mean 10 points?
6,It's a bit disappointing considering it's the last part of the series
1,not much
5,Maybe it's because the ending is expected, but the tension is low and there's not much to see
6,What I want to say is really It means it's not fun
1,Old Harry has nothing to look at an explosion of irritation due to scenes that cut the pulse from time to time
1,You're forcing yourself to spend a lot of money. Good job It's really a trash novel, trash movie, second-rate fantasy
5,I don't like it
4,I don't like it
1,I haven't seen it yet
1,I can't give you 10 points because of conscience.
1,The movie itself is not in the 9th grade
4,A movie that just takes the contents of a book and edits it.
6, yin
1,It's not that bad.
5,Honestly, it wasn't that funny;
5,I don't understand why the ratings are so high;;;; is CG a little better for foreign movies shut up and praise them?
5,Harry Potter is a little boring
6,I don't like it
6,I just wanted to know the ending.It's a little boring.
4,A very boring movie...
6,As a person who has read the Harry Potter books, the quality of the movie is worse.
1,I watched it with my family and it was so boring It's a waste of money.a total disappointment
2,There's nothing to eat at the famous party. It's totally below my expectations.I was so sick of it.
3,It ends with a dragon ball...
6,I watched it just to know the end of Harry Potter, but it was a little boring
1,-- It's a waste of money. The story is a mess and the story goes by so roughly. It's ridiculous I kept dozing off in the middle
1,below expectations
1,All the part-timers are here.It's a sleepy trash movie
1,Why did I not like this? I was really looking forward to it, but I don't like the funny scenes
1,It's getting worse
4,Stop it... I've eaten The kid...
1,the beginning of a year
6,I don't like the development different from the book
3,It's fun but it's boring
6,It was so much fun, but it was kind of disappointing
1,It's not fun at all right
1,Sleep while watching
6,If you haven't watched the whole movie, don't watch it; it's a waste of money if you just watch it
2,Jam wrote a bit, but I was disappointed. It is not as good as novel
6,Maybe it's because it's a movie, but it's not as touching as books
6,I don't know if it's because I read a book, but trash...It's the last episode, so I guess you're giving stars to compassion.
5,Why is the rating so high? I was sleepy because I couldn't concentrate as much as part one. About 5 points
4,a still childish movie
1,Seriously, look at the book and watch the movie. I don't know if it's well made...
6,It's a lot less than a book I looked forward to it because the rating was good, but it's not my best. ^^
1,Zero points
1,I want to give you 0 points. A movie like 1st GEN. What a waste of money
2,That's not funny
1,John, it's not funny enoughI watched two movies with Quick, and it was much better. This is a one-point movie
2,As expected, you can't keep up with books. an eye-catching movie
3,Everyone seems to like it because it's the last episode. Harry Potter was over four years ago.
5,I'm really disappointed that even the ridiculous story video in the book and the other ending.
5,The movie is finally over. I will miss Love Good.
6,It wasn't as fun as I expected. The last ones who became adults...I don't think that's right.
6,Unfortunately, there was no twist I recommend you to read books
1,Let's adjust the horoscope
1,I dozed off because I was bored. What a waste of my hair extensions
1,The first one was worth watching, but the second one was so boring
1,Not good at editing, not good at background music, not bad at story, not bad at visual. Give 1 point to lower the rating.
4,CG is pretty fun to watch, but the content isn't that fun End content line wins and evil loses.
1,I don't want to waste my money
2,The first part is fun, but I can't stand it
3,I dozed off in the middle.
6,It's just worth seeing
6,The series of helicopters and wizards is finally over.
6,I thought I was trying to finish the story too quickly, so it was less fun than the old one
4,Well, as expected, it was gorgeous and cool like Harry Potter.But the lack of content is a bit of a flaw
4,It wasn't very interesting to be honest
2,There's nothing to watch. I had no choice but to watch it. I was tricked into the last one. I'm so glad it's the last one
4,It's childish and a waste of money. Even the CG I expected was the worst because it was pushed back by Transformer
1,The piggies give you a high rating even if it's the last time. Honestly, 7.5 to 8 points...
1,Read a book and watch it Cursing, Ron and Hermione. Why kiss?
1,The rating is generous because it's disappointing, and the movie itself is too much. There are so many awkward parts.
3,I thought it was fun.I lost my money.
5,This wasn't what I was thinking
6,It's a sad ending that I couldn't make it to the journey for 10 years
1,An example of regretting watching a movie after watching it. (Why is the score so high when it's not fun?)
1,A movie that was a waste of even a star -_-
1,It's really the worst.Not really...
1,I wanted to give you 6 points, but the score was unbelievably high. I'll give you 1 point
6,It's not that fun.
5,Dark and stuffy throughout the movie. The video isn't fancy, and the story isn't about anything.
1,Poor Voldemort. He's Revolt's brother. Why is he doing that? You live independently now
1,I got fooled by NAVER's rating. And why does the pretty heroine and Jinta become romance?
5,I couldn't leave the question of whether I could understand the story without reading a book.
1,It's really fun, but I don't think it's in the 9th grade
6,All I can remember is the magical power struggle between Voldemort and Harry Potter
1,I was just saying how I felt about seeing him in the morning What part-time job? It's a work that disparages the original work.
1,The worst piece of work. I watched it for 10 years, but I was really cursed at by watching it
6,I didn't know the last episode would be like this.
5,Gwangmyeong CGV] Personally, I couldn't relate to the story and it was boring because it was a fantasy.
6,It's finally over. But I tried too hard to finish too soon. I liked the 7-1 story.
1,It's not an anti, but the score is too high. 7 points is enough
1,Not much for the last time.Waste of money --
1,I was really looking forward to it. For the last time, it's not very... something that only elementary and middle school maniacs can see
1,Where was Emma when she was young ㅠㅠ For the last time...;
6,No impact on ending...
1,I bought all the books with my money, but the movie was half the expectation...
6,I was disappointed if it was because I was really really looking forward to it.It's a bummer and a bit empty. It'Yeah.
1,Honestly, it wasn't that fun compared to the Fire Cup, and Voldemort Zola stepped in vain
1,There is a movie that needs money money money money again.
4,Did the director not read the book? Where are all those great scenes and why does Tom Riddle die like that?
5,As soon as 9,000 won is wasted,
6,It's not that the original is distorted, but I personally don't like the editing
1,For a long time, the screen processing that kids would like with fancy CG
3,It doesn't seem fun, but I watch it often and it's really the end. It's refreshing.
6,My age was 19 years old and I was 9 years old, so I remembered the memories, but the story and the development were not good
1,The director's sense of showing the obvious ending? Voldemort is dead
5,I cried because it was the last episode, but apart from that, the completeness of the movie is disappointing
4,Honestly, I expected all the real Deathly Hallows, but they didn't meet my expectations.
1,This episode is a complete mess... ...with a complete story
1,After watching this movie, my soul got sick... a feeling of mental sexual harassment
1,.... Unnecessary...
1,Tiredness, tiredness, and sleepiness. The rating is too high
1,The part-timers are working so hard.  I can't believe I got 10 points for this movie. 1 point is a waste of money
4,It's the last thing that makes the reputation of the previous one feel empty.I'm so bored. I should've seen the trans ㅠㅠ
5,Not funny. ㅠ.ㅠ Harry maniacs don't know.;;
6,The Deathly Hallows would have better represented the dark atmosphere and tension if Nolan had directed it
6,Voldemort died in vain.
3,This movie really gave me a strong feeling that Hermione was feeding me.
1,Literally, it's an elementary movie
5,You've changed the book like crazy to shorten it
1,Rather fire a nuclear missile at Voldemort
6,Isn't that an overrated? Until the siege of Hogwarts, it's the best! After that? Nonsense! Boring!
1,Even if you don't look at it, 1 point... The best trash series of my life.
1,This isn't it. This isn't it
1,My rating is too highIt's not, like, eight points
6,There's something wrong with watching it in 3D
6,He did not pay attention to detailed descriptions such as psychological descriptions. On the other hand, even if you make more, it's more complete.
4,Let's run fast and explain later. The storyline is not easy and the ending is lacking
5,It's such a bummer that it's better to make a drama because it's too much of an important part
5,It's not fun. I fell asleep while watching it. It's a waste of money
1,I played cell phone game while watching a movie.I'm so sick of it.Zero tension.I wish it was the worst movie ever.
4,If Voldemort had fought more
1,I thought it was the last one, but it didn't meet my expectations ;; Voldemort died in vain
6,It's kind of weird to read a novel first... You've edited quite a few plots.
1,Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot
1,Haha, Harry Potter, I'm so sorry.
5,It was fun, but the ending was too bland.
3,While watching, I woke up and woke up.Then I just slept with 30 minutes left behind.
1,objectively uninteresting
6,Hermione, who is attractive for her elaborate visual and 3D processing, still has a limited audience.
2,Why is this rating so high? Honestly, I was surprised. It was really fun
5,Harry Potter is getting boring for me. ㅜㅜ
6,That's unnatural
6,The last one doesn't meet my expectations...It would've been nice to do the first one of the holy objects.
1,Not really.. ::
6,I think half of the book is fun. It feels like I gave you a lot of 6 points.
1,The more you go back, the more fun it is -_-
1,My parents are making money and paying all the kids back
2,Is this a movie?
1,Is this a movie, too? I feel like I fell asleep while reading comic books.
1,I slept for almost an hour --
1,A really bad movie
1,It's not funny. Why is the rating so high? -- This series is getting boring
5,Honestly, I don't like it.It's a movie worth watching at least once, but it's never to be praised like this.
1,As if you waited for the movie to end with a blank expression, it's not touching or fun
2,a film made of trash; the director didn't look at the book. Since it was a hit, 2 points
1,I was the only one who didn't enjoy it. It's bitter...
4,How did this movie get a rating of 9.28?
2,Honestly, yesterday? I saw him at the Samdiro Megabox on Saturday, and he didn't like it personally
5,There are so many adaptations compared to the novel, even though it was divided into two parts. He gave me poo.
1,not much
5,I can't believe it's over
1,Snape's only hope caught my attention
5,It's childish, it's sloppy. It's all great, it's touching. Did you really work part-time?
1,The trash is in the trash can
5,Honestly, it wasn't that funny.the degree to which something is easy
5,The amazing director who turned Harry into a dwarf genocidal killer --;; Dobby's dead is nothing
1,I don't really like it crying
2,A boring story, not much different from the previous one. Children's movie! Graphic only OK
6,Not much of an impact. That's not much.I'm not looking forward to hear that I'm disappointed
1,Eek
3,I personally don't like it because I think the supporting actor is dead because only the main character was mentioned.
4,I personally don't like it
6,Sleepy in the middle...
5,The quality of the film itself is not satisfactory at all. It's just a work for the fans.
1,I hope you don't pay 8,000 won to watch a movie through p2p
1,It was the most boring Harry Potter series. Maybe because I read the book first, it was too obvious
1,As expected, there is a part-time job with a GPA. One point is a waste... I dozed off all the time watching and came.
4,I don't think it's funny, but Tran 3 is born
2,I don't know why, but it depends on the person
1,Harry Potter is not good after the 2nd episode.It's boring, it's not ending.
1,Serious rating bubble 7~8 points is normal
1,I trusted the ratings, but it's not fun. Don't trust the ratings
1,It's not good.
1,It's so boring. Why is the rating so high?
1,There's no answer to this
3,The story is a little off; it should be on the Hogwarts side of the spider, but it's on the side of the death eater
5,I don't think people who like to read books, not movies, will ever get 10 points.The contents of the book
1,This movie is behind the scenes
1,I prefer novels
1,The rating is ridiculous. It's high. 5-6 points.
6,Perhaps because I looked forward to it a lot, I feel sad that I want to show more things to see.
6,As a fan of the original, I'm a bit disappointed
5,Expectations raised in the last and first part of the series are somewhat broken.
1,Oh, my! [Screaming] Voldemort: Ouch
1,I will sacrifice myself to level the horoscope
1,Let's save Korean movies!
1,I slept--
1,Merge's rating is... ...too much
1,The worst movie I've ever seen, the height of boredom...
1,I think elementary students are saying it's fun, but it's not fun at all.You'll know when you see it
1,It's a movie that really doesn't meet my expectations. I thought the battle scene would be described in detail, but in an instant
5,It's really fun
6,It's a shame that Harry Potter is an amazing movie, but honestly, the scale is
6,I just felt empty.
1,Worst scenario than Former 3
1,Bottle-flavored 10 points is... What's the story? Fast and distracting Voldemort magic 4 pieces ㅊㅊ
4,If you know the story, it's sloppy. If you don't know, it's sloppy
1,The movie that was really not interesting... I watched all the series for no reason.  It's just a feeling.
4,If you've never enjoyed this series before, watch Quick or The Annunciation...
1,Transformer 3 seems to be much bigger in scale than our country's movie Quick or 7 minarets
1,I can't believe I paid for this crap.There's no probability, and the CG is bad...I'm in a bad mood.
1,What's so funny about this?It's over after a couple of magic shots with a stick.
1,I really regretted it after watching this. What a waste of money...
1,It wasn't that interestingㅜ I'm sorry
5,Did I expect too much? I guess it was a fantasy.
1,It's too bad... I regret reading a book. There are too many omissions
1,After reading the original Harry Potter book, I looked forward to it, but I changed it to bottle taste
3,So bad! I think the worst movie of my life was swindled
1,I don't think so
6,Don't look at it in 3D. It's dark and disappointing.If you don't meet my expectations, it's just worth watching...
5,It wasn't as good as I thought.
4,It's not as fun as I thought
5,A movie that could have been a hit no matter who made it. Ending the Long Journey with Long Music
1,It's a waste of one point
1,What's wrong with the rating? The disappointing book was really touching, but this is...
1,...............................the worst Harry Potter in the series...........................
5,I think there's a lack of something and the finish line is very empty.
1,It's worth seeing, but there's a sloppy place...
1,I didn't know the story, but it's not funI think the fighting scene was exaggerated and my GPA was exaggerated
6,I think I didn't do a good job with the book
1,It's not that fun
5,It's not as good as I expected
5,The contents of the book were too compressed. The book was touching at the end, but the movie wasn't that...
1,Honestly, the worst series ever! Harry, Voldemort is reduced to a minor role! This is like Inception?!
6,I don't understand why the rating is so good... It's so different even if it's different from a real book.
1,I want to give you 7 points, but the original score is too high.
5,The end of a long journey, the feeling of liberation.Oh yeah!
1,If the story was like that, it wasn't that funㅠㅠ Not up to expectations
5,It's just a movie for the end.
6,Starting from part 1, it's just a normal development.When you look at it big, it feels like the movie is going in the direction of the movie
1,I missed the little impression of the novel and the writer's message.skip the show in time omit the meaning of the work
2,Dumbledore's detailed description of the past, the attributes. It's all gone. Too bad. It's just a fancy movie
1,Am I expecting too much because it's the last time? I really want another director to film it again.
1,shivering
1,It's no fun. What a waste of money. It's 3D
1,I watched it today, but it wasn't a big deal. I watched it in Wangsimni IMAX 3D, but it was a waste of money
5,I think I didn't do a good job with the novel. But CG is no joke(Laughing
1,Harry Potter died together in the dying scene, and when he came back to life, he was noisy and came back to life
1,Me too. TWICE 3 is the best
5,It was so boring.Who the hell is funny ㅜㅜ...It's the worst!
6,I looked forward to it, but it's not fun. It was fun until the middle, but the second half and the ending were incredibly empty
1,I'm a teenager. Even if someone else says Harry Potter is fun, it's boring
5,I've watched it inevitably, but it's just a movie for elementary school students.
3,Voldemort Gagceric and Neville has a higher proportion than Ron and Hermione.
1,I have high expectations because it's the last episode, but the movie isn't as good as I expected
1,Fun.
4,I don't think it's very interesting. Transformers 3 is more fun
4,I was really looking forward to it, but it's not as good as I expected  I watched the entire movie as a sense of duty.
6,It's sad that I can only give you a rating like this...It wasn't as good as I expected.
1,I don't know why I like Transformer 3 more when it's more fun
5,The story is not bad because the book is originally written. It must be boring if you don't like this kind of movie
6,I saw it as a duty to watch it, but it's boring
5,That's too bad. There are a lot of scenes that were deleted even though I tried to stick to this book because it was divided into two parts.
1,Did I expect too much?I didn't have a lot of fun
6,The previous one had a much more cinematic element.I don't think there's anything else to look at but spectacular.
1,If it was okay until the middle part of the director who messed up the original, he was completely considerate of the last part
3,It's boring. It's not fun I can't understand the rating
1,It's boring but not fun
1,Honestly, I was looking forward to the last episode, but there's nothing to watch compared to the previous ones Except for Snape.
6,Honestly, if "Transformers" was more fun, "TWICE 4D" would have been better
1,Really dog OOO... Totally boring...
1,I was bored and sleepy throughout my honest view. It's worth 7 points, but I'm only giving you 1 point to lower the rating
5,It's just so so haha I feel uncomfortable after watching it
3,I am like my friend, but my friend says I am totally touched, but I am not interested in this kind of thing
1,I'm bored and sleepy.
4,To be honest... I'm not saying it's not boring, but I dozed off
6,I went with a lot of expectations, but if it boiled down a little...I hope it wasn't bad.
1,Please watch it!^(Laughing
3,a film that deletes or reduces all the important parts of the novel and contains only unnecessary forced action
1,Good
5,If you read a novel, you never get 10 stars. As a farewell, five are generous.
1,I've never seen such a trash movie before. I thought you were kissing Harry and Voldemort at the endmy own money
4,I saw this, but I don't like it. I'd rather watch Transformers one more time
6,I don't know why there are so many praises. It wasn't good
5,It's a waste of money. There's a big difference from the novel, and it's a slip of the tongue
1,It's really boring. I don't say that movies are not fun.
5,I don't know why it's 9 points. I thought it would be fun to watch commercials and movies, but that's it
1,It's really my first time writing it. Most people just slept and couldn't help but wake up. Part-timers
3,Personally, I don't like this episode. 3D isn't good either;
5,a sleepy movie
2,When the helicopter was dying in the second half, Gandalf came out and helped me. I laughed a lot
5,To be honest, I had high expectations, but it was a bit boring and too obvious.
1,It wasn't as good as I expected.I like Harry Potter 4, 5 and 6, but I feel empty this time
5,It ended too blandly for a few years of regiments. It's a bit disappointing...
6,No one cheers when Harry kills the horrible 'he' lol, neither admires nor rejoices.Oh my god
1,not interesting
5,It was much better than the first part. But why is Transformers' score significantly lower than that of Harry Potter?
5,The scale is bigger than the previous one, but it is not very interesting. Compared to the expectation, it is not interesting
6,It's so obvious that the part-timer wrote it
1,It's obvious
1,Oh, I'm disappointed. I didn't know it was obvious
4,Hmm... Maybe it's because I was expecting too much, but I came back with nothing but disappointed.
5,I was very sleepy while watching the movie. I watched it in 3D, and I think the 3D effect came out about 3 times.
1,It's not fun to read and watch movies.
4,You'll regret it. What a waste of money
6,It's perfect for a summer blockbuster. It's the best in the series.
1,Harry Potter is never seen again. Why did you get the Snape tears? Just what I got?
5,It seems like it was edited in a hurry It's a piece that leaves a lot of regrets.
1,Honestly, I enjoyed watching from 1 to 3 and after that, it was boring and boring
5,a distracting, childish ending
6,The wait is long, the lesson is short.
1,Is this fun? It's totally boring. It's so childish
1,You have to give an objective rating so that it's a memory and grows together. Blah blah. It's exactly 7 points
1,The book and the story are very different and boring
1,It was worth watching, but it ended so absurdly
3,I'm not nervous about this. You said you were meant to die, but you came back to life
5,a historical drama-level combat god
5,The rating is too high. A movie that's worth watching
1,Just.
2,There's no jam
2,So quickly, the horcruxes found it that the whole story was sloppy. the worst
1,Not fun - - ... I can't even keep up with the book. The part-timers are working hard
1,Disappointed! There are so many things to see and the story is not good. The ending is obvious, so it's not funcrying
1,It was just plain fun... The rating is too high; it's probably not a nine points;;
1,- The rating is so high that I'm going to lower it. About 6 or 7?
1,ㅜㅜ One point is a waste... The part-timers are really diligent.
5,I don't know why the rating is so high, but I was disappointed.
1,To be honest, it's pathetic. The important thing is not only the fight of Harry Potter but also the resistance of the people
1,It's been a while... I was fooled by NAVER's review. There's got to be something behind it.I didn't have it
1,A movie that came out with a sigh without saying anything with my boyfriend. Just... watch the video.-_-
6,I don't know why my GPA is over nine  It was more fun than 5,6,7-1, but it was the most fun
5,Bored and expected lack of glamour. I got stars because I was sad that Harry Potter was over for a long time
1,Why is it so boring...
5,Did the director read the book? How did he end the Harry Potter series like this?It's such a shame
1,a glittering array of magic
5,a sloppy story, a lukewarm battle scene a ridiculous production I wasted my money.
1,I don't understand why they make movies that can't keep up with half the contents of the book.
1,Wow, the last time he looks like Harry, it's disgusting -_-
1,Why did I watch such a childish movie? What a waste of money
1,I slept... because I was sleepy.
1,I'm so tired of this movie. I've been looking forward to it and it's a waste of money ㅠㅠ
3,David Yates' boring, poor quality imaging and directing skills have reduced the quality of the film.
1,Honestly, the first episode is the best
5,There are a lot of part-timers. 10 points? It's exactly 5 points for the price 5 points = To kill time
6,It was nice to have everything organized. It's a bit disappointing
6,Bye for now
1,Maybe because I read the book, I know everything, but... .. To be honest, I'm completely disappointed;;
4,It's a cartoon
1,It was really boring. Disappointed...
1,It is waste of money.
2,I don't like it's nothing.Money was a waste. Damn,
5,How can you be more sad before watching a movie?
1,Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone 10 years ago is more interesting
1,I don't think 3D means anything The movie was boring, too. Buy a book and watch it with some more money
3,The action scenes are nice, but the British boring conversations are good to watch
1,Hey, just read a book
1,It's fun. To prevent 10 points
5,I really like everything, but Harry Potter is so pathetic
5,It's a bummer...CG T-shirt is getting worse.
1,Oh, it's not fun. I was bored to death.I was looking forward to it because it was fun.Transformers is a lot more fun!
6,Hermione marries Ron and Harry marries an ordinary-looking woman.
2,To be honest, I don't know what's interesting. I like the subject of magic, but the story is not very...
1,What the hell is this crap movie funny? I was watching and came out. Give me nine grand!
4,I was disappointed because I had high expectations There weren't many combat scenes and it was empty3 I don't recommend 3D. It doesn't look like 3D
1,The screen is black and scary because it is very scary and dirty and dark, so I can't see it well and it's not good for the kids
2,Less than a hundredth of the book, it would have been better to remember it in my imagination.
1,I'm just angry because I'm bored without emphasizing anything important in the book
5,I read a book and watched a movie. The fight between Voldemort and Harry Potter was cool, but the last one was
1,Why this is so funny is the funniest part of the series
1,The first half is so boring
1,Someone said, "Do you smell like a part-timer?"
1,That's a great part-time job. I'm so touched. In fact, it's like 5 points Part 1 is much better
4,Transformers 3 is much better. What is Harry Potter about? It is a more obvious story mania movie. Harry Potter
1,This is so different from the book
5,It's different from the book
5,What's the rating of 9.30?
5,It would have been a waste of money if I didn't watch it early. The content of the book is good, not the expressiveness of the movie.
4,Not good.
3,The ending was quite empty. a last-minute film
1,It's too much. It's like watching an old Harry Potter movie.
6,Unlike the tension at the beginning of the movie, I was disappointed to see that it was too mixed with the novel in the latter half.
1,9 points or not
6,As a fan of the original movie, I was disappointed
1,Haha
6,Boring composition, boring visual beauty
6,It's sad to end it
2,I only remember the white monster when I first went into the safe ㅠㅠ Why?!
5,It's not that disappointing. It was there.
1,I think it would have been better if we divided it into three parts and made the story right
1,It comes up every second when everyone's timeIt's a preview of the action scene. Im completely.net
5,I grew up with Harry the same age, but I'm getting childish
1,TRUE HERRY PORTER INFORMATION (baffled story, boring, insincere ending, MUNMI KISS SHIN) FAILURE!!
1,I like Harry Potter so much that I can't give you a good score in this movie.
1,There was something with Azkaban, but it was getting weird
4,If you don't feel like you're falling in love with the action scene, why would you do that? It's not connecting
6,A raw kiss scene.Disappointing ending scene. Was this the best?
1,As expected, you can't keep up with the book;;
1,9.2 to 3 not to lower rating
3,Why are you so unimpressed? It's the last episode.
5,Snape, except when you die
1,Trash... Transformers are a lot more fun.What's the standard?
1,It's no fun. Harry Potter is an eternal sleeping pill.
4,It's a story that's obvious that Transformers is more fun. I'm so disappointed
