니모를 찾아서 3D
6,It's fun to watch it again Also
1,From an adult's point of view...  It's so boring.
1,NASA Branch Planning Institute, Technology and Technology
1,The Duchess of Leungy Air on the same day.
1,Neku Joint Stock Exchange
1,Why? Does Nemo's father not listen to the blue fish? Bursting inside the whale's mouth
6,a sweet journey of paternal love
1,It's definitely not more than 9 points. It's for kids
5,In almost every movie, children and women seem to cause accidents only. Here, Nemo is the root of all the problems. First-class carcinogen Nemo. I watched it because of Dory.
6,an axillary carcinoid  I turned it off in the middle because I was annoyed
1,All I can think of is flatfish sashimi in soju.
6,a nemo with a naturally small fin A movie that lets you know that disability is nothing. However, there were fewer touching elements than I thought.
5,It's so cute when you turn around and forget in 3 seconds.
1,Let's get rid of the bubbles
6,A textbook work of 3d animation.
1,It was the least fun of Pixar
6,It wasn't that funny
1,Not funny
5,It's hard to see that it's not Korean subtitles crying
1,Are you Moni?
1,It's not very interesting.
1,Congratulations on your marriage to Jung Junha Haha
6,I don't know, as an adult...
6,A movie where you can indirectly experience the love of parents' children
6,That's not the only thing Monju Wall can't match Toy Story.
4, well
6,stick to the flow of animation
5,I want to get inspiration from Pixar movies someday.
6,There are many interesting elements, but there is nothing to choose from a famous scene.
6,It's similar to other animations.
1,I think only children will like it. Adults and teenagers are not that good
1,not much
1,The title is Disney.Pixar worked
6,a family animation about paternal love and family love
6,I think the kids will love it
2,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
5,I didn't find it very interesting...
1,8 points is enough...
1,It's childish and boring
1,8 points is enough...
6,Lesson: Be careful because ugly girls are violent and impressionable.
1,For some reason, it's boring.
6,It's interesting
1,Annie's limits.
6,Annie also reflects the times. A helicopter parent must-read film that overprotects the child.
6,It's not very novel to call it Alice's fish version in Wonderland, but it's
1,Is this fun? Boring...
6,Something that kids would like
2,It's so boring
3,I'm not so much of a Yankee-sense as to allow "anime just for visuals."
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
3,I think I saw it five times
1,Ha! If you do this, I'll watch Shin Chan
6,Nemo's girlfriend is cute
5,The Incredibles will be 100 times lower.
3,It's so boring. zzz
5,It's an animation that's worth watching. Father's love... Cute fish
6,It was a fun movie.*^^*
1,Honestly, I don't want to pay to watch it
1,It's not fun
1,Top
6,I don't know if it's because it's a dubbed version of Korean, but the fun is a bit
5,It's fun, but it's not touching.
6,Why am I disappointed?
6,for children
1,I don't know why it was a box office hit forIt's not even a comedy
6,For some reason, it was boring and all.
5,It's not fun...
5,A typical Disney animation.The content is boring, and the graphics are the only ones that's all
1,That's so childish
5,not so much a masterpiece
6,I'm disappointed. I was looking forward to the Incredibles.
6,The story feels too simple for the previous ones.
6,Except for the CG video, it's just like "Finding My Son"
1,It didn't meet my expectations...
1,That's so childish. Is that a movie? ㅉㅉ
1,Bored...
6,A movie that rarely finds anything. I think it's a good movie.
6,boredom and boredom
5,I'm sick of this kind of anime.
1,a movie to throw away
4,The best animation! Number one! I can't dare to follow Japanese animations
2,How do you watch a movie?
6,I see it again and again, with my child, with my honey.
5,Can't we see Nemo for free?
5,I think I paid a lot of attention to animation
1,He's really amazing!
5,It's been a long time since a very clean movie, with no pressure (?) to watch with children.
