특전 유보트
6,Divers don't need a nice uniform like the navy because the bodies are buried in the deep sea.
4,Wow, it was an early movie directed by Perfect Storm.I watched it because I liked submarine movies, but...It was definitely 40 years ago... 3 hours and 30 minutes of unnecessary content, so it's really boring ㅠㅠ
3,A movie for 3 hours and 30 minutes... I turned it off after 1 hour and 20 minutes because the time didn't go by. Having nothing to do in a submarine is a big pain.
1,Science and Technology and Chinatown Carnival
6,a military Titanic
1,I'll give you 1 point
1,The score is too high. Zoom for 1 point
6,Let's leave the classic as the classics
5,I like war movies and I remember this being not very interesting.
5,a manly movie
1,I'm really bored. I fell asleep
1,손질해야 할 많은
1,It's just... It's okay
3,It's boring compared to running time.
1,Towards 9.36! I'll give you one point
1,The rating is too high.come to an end
1,Haha Mong, Whitie, good job man
1,Why is this movie suddenly number one? Statistics showing the extreme of manipulation.
1,The seven-episode television series has been over-compressed. If you really want to enjoy watching it, please watch the TV series.
6,You have to go through a 180-minute long process to see the last 30 minutes.
6,It must have been incredible back then...It's a little too much to look at these days.
2,The running time is long
1,I didn't watch anything interesting during the long running time. It's so boring
4,Fun but dragging movie Where the climax is not exactly known
6,Graphic, tension, and respectful boring craftsmanship that are a little short of modern submarine films
1,Sleep while watching
6,Is it because it's an old German movie?It feels very strange to our emotions.
6,The movie that made it to the legend of submarine material... I know it's a masterpiece, but it's too long
6,It's a long and boring taste
5,If you watch this movie, you'll be disappointed because you want the modern action scene and urgency to be realistic
6,The chubby belly is boring. Nuclear submarines are the best, am...
