나비 효과
4,It must have been a good movie in 2004, but it doesn't work in 2022.Should I say it's corny
3,It's worth a look.
5,Everyone says it's delicious, but I have a bad restaurant. For me, this movie is like that. I'll have to watch it one more time. I'm not sure yet. Ashton Kutcher's acting is good, and the kid playing his brother plays a little bit.
2,There is nothing to watch except for the last OST. It is a movie that is full of coolness.It's been an unpleasant and pukey movie all alongIt was the worst movie of my lifeIt's a waste to get half a star is a waste.
6,To be honest, I didn't feel anything before I saw the director's version, but I didn't like it because it was about love, but the director's version was better. It was hard to watch again.
1,The rating and the value of the work are not necessarily proportional. a film of good manners
6,The story was good and the actors' acting was good, but I think I ruined the movie a little because I hated the scene that was too revealing and my friend who was very obese in the middle
2,This time of watching the movie is very unpleasant. 2 points is too much...
6,They say it's such a masterpiece, but I don't know. At first, it was like a psychological thriller mystery fantasy, and the main character tried to figure out something about memory manipulation, but as time went by, it became more romantic. I'm confused between the beginning and the end
2,How can a movie like this be rated like a psychopath? There are so many psychopaths in the world?Money is money, but my time is going to be a waste. It's such a cheap movie
1,My brain is about to go crazy watching this--
6,Once chosen, the result is irreversible.
5,The contrived development is sometimes grosser than Gore
1,It says it's not for teenagers.There's a reason why.Adolescents are absolutely not recommended watching.When I was growing up in the middle of my life, I thought that movies were good.Don't regret it after you watch itK
2,It's not funny at all
6,The actors' acting is also excellent with a fairly interesting story. Amy's ever-changing performance is worth watching.
5,I've got everything that's stimulating. There's nothing left. The best movie in time travel is... It's a frequency.
2,Crude editing of memories. What kind of butterfly effect is this?
2,You're so generous
1,Lesson from this movie: I can eat well and live well on my own. If you try to take care of others, you're going to get mad at me, too
5,Maybe it's because I watched too many movies about time, but it's not that fun
2,I'm annoyed by the end of the director's edition of "Butterfly Effect," which is giving T-SecretWhen I watched the movie for the first time, I was so happy to ask for an ending, but I didn't want to see the director's version because the fetus died on its own.
6,I enjoyed watching it, but I watched it again in 2019 after a long time. I'm going to go crazy because the main character is going to be mad because he's so serious.
6,High level of completeness dealing loosely with interesting materials
1,What a crap movie. How can you... I got the feeling when you said you were the director of the destination.
6,Fantastic but not scientific at all but very interesting plots and well-directed time-loop thrillers. It feels like a dream in a dream
6,I know what you're trying to say, but it's so depressing. Humans have no choice but to regret, but even if they can turn back time, there's no best outcome they want. Just go back to square one without even trying at all. That's the best thing?A pessimistic perspective movie?It's a movie that makes you feel exhausted even though it's hard
3,Do I lack the ability to understand... No, even if I understand... I don't like movies that aren't realistic.Hah!
3,It's the worst movie about time.  I hope all my friends are happy, and if you don't like the reality, you can go back to the past. The director's teaching is that it will not become a reality that I like every time. Everyone could have done well, but the manager didn't want to.
5,Retroactive's sublime because the ending is the same
6,Retroactive's sublime because the ending is the same
1,I tend to watch quite a lot of movies until the end, but I gave up watching them because of their child acting skills. If you look at the story now, it's too common, so it's expected from start to finish. Nevertheless, the rating is ridiculously high.
5,First of all, the main character's hair is so bad.
6,There was a band called the Butterfly Effect. It's hard to tell which is better.
1,Oasis' stop crying you are heart out. The ending of the director's version is trash
5,I don't know if it's that funny.  I'll do it until I can. You end up stillborn. What's the point of being funny?
1,It's just a far-fetched B-list movie;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
1,Why does the main character of the time-lif movie care so much about the people around him? I would abandon the cow for a great cause.
2,I watched it again because I didn't understand it. I don't know much fun because I get a lot of these movie structures in Back to the Future and watch a lot of time travel movies.
1,I can't watch the movie about time slip twice because it is so common.
1,It's like trash. It's changed, it's changed, it's changed, it's changed, it's got a few scenes of sex, and it's not a masterpiece If it's a movie, you have to make progress. The main character keeps saying, "What's this? What's going on?
5,2004년 더 나은 비행 효과
6,Between human desire and fatalism
5,I agree that a small opportunity can make a big difference. However, I think there is definitely a limited range of that big change. However, it is very difficult to sympathize with the changes in the movie to a ridiculous level because only the impact is considered even the important ending
1,People give generous marks to movies that play around with time.
1,It's the first time I've logged in to lower the rating, and I don't know what to do with the greatest fishing movie.
1,I don't feel good about this. I wouldn't have seen it if I knew it
1,Stop Crying Your Heart Out is a big movie. It's just trash
5,I turned it off because I was bored while watching it. Is it like Mr. Nobody? Doesn't your choice have a big impact on my life?
1,I don't understand the content, and I can't believe this trash movie has a rating of 9 points. Everyone doesn't know how to watch it.
6,Namjoo, you're so thoughtless. You're so stupid that I'm angry all the whole time I see your life getting messed up
6,I know the meaning of the butterfly effect, but I personally felt that the woman I love does not come to me. But I can't give it to my friend either. Then let's all become soloists.It feels like this?
1,If you read the diary, you can go back to the past, but the main character is so calm
3,Chaos is a fraud movie that takes the bait of fishing, forgetting to survive, and avoiding reality and low-grade desires. In order to complete the garbage story, we need to objectify everything at the end just before the death of a neurological disease that is associated with psychotic delusions
6,The topic is acceptable, but the story is far-fetched and sloppy
6,What does it have to do with the butterfly effect to continue solving extreme situations in an absurd way, but we cannot ignore the provocative entertainment.
1,It doesn't make any sense. This is really...I've seen him get into character.The ending is really... It's so ridiculous and I feel sick.I want to cry, but I can't. I was so dumbfounded.I hate the director who made this movie and hate Ashton Kutcher because he is so good at acting.
6,Maybe it's because there are a lot of movies and dramas about time, but I don't really feel it I heard there's a twist behind it. ㅠㅠ I was just like that. It would have been fun if I saw it in 2004 ~~~
1,I'm B S. What country are you from if you think I'm creepy?  The last scene was so pathetic that I got 1 more point?
6,The actors are so bad at acting. I think I watched a unique American drama.
5,It's my IQ of 155, and it doesn't make any sense. It's just a fitting movie. Ordinary people make a noise as if they've discovered something great, but if you look closely, it's just the artist's imagination...
6,The Essence of Time Slip
1,That's the worst. It's not 9 points
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
6,Why do all the negatives go on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on
6,The actors can't keep up with the movie
6,I have a lot of inconsistencies in evaluating that the score is high compared to the level of perfection
6,It's provocative and complicated... Don't watch it when you're growing up
1,OOOs... You are watching a movie. What a waste of 1 point
6,If you don't recognize SF, it's a difficult movie throughout the movie
6,The material was good. But the more violent scenes were too provocative.
5,I don't like it because there are too many violent scenes.
6,The movie is a mix of imaginations that everyone would have imagined. No more, no less
5,not much
5,The lesson is not to deny the past, but to stick to the present choices, but the movie is very messy
5,There are too many shortcomings to flatter with just an idea
6,Well, then...
6,You can't even admire when you're hungry.
5,Annoying
1,Unrealistic movie. Change the past again and again. What do you want me to do?What's the twist?
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Is the praise for exaggerating a movie far from medical terms?
4,a work of utter disbelief
4,I believe in the ratings and invested time with Haeng-Kok. Butterfly effect
6,It's not like a diary is a portal. What's the difference between the main character and choosing a picker?
1,I was looking forward to it because the netizens' ratings were so good.It was really boring and boring.Is my level low?
6,Did I expect too much? It wasn't that great. And Ashton Kutcher is so bad at acting
1,The rating is too high!
1,Why is the rating so high? There are many more fun, shocking, and dramatic movies. ㅉㅉ
6,I enjoyed watching Jinjoong movie during my active career as the youngest member of the Home Affairs ^^
6,This movie is really surprising
1,I slept after watching this movie. If you watch this movie when you can't sleep, you will sleep well.
6,I was wondering what it meant, but lastly, Ashton sacrifice spirit Jocoon
2,a really boring movie
1,A rating that will help you know the level of NAVER
2,A movie that hasn't improved since Back to the Future. Moreover, the main character is a superpower -_-;;
5,It was a good movie, but it wasn't fun. It was rather boring ;;
5,The immersion level was really good, but it wasn't fun
6,A good example of covering up numerous loopholes and shortcomings with cinematic beauty and commercial advantage
2,I'll lower the rating of the sore head
1,Let's lower the score. You'll be fooled.
4,It's dirty
5,Save time and space and the past. Causality of the situation... The material is novel, but something is missing
5,What on earth is interesting about this extreme and contrived plot of film?
6,The tension is good, but the awkwardness in the middle... It is not a movie with 9 points.
1,The ending of the movie version was impressiveThe director's board doesn't have much to regret about what happenedignorant of human affairs
3,a pathetic little piece born of infantile ideas
5,I don't know how this is a 9.18 rating.I was bored the whole time watching.
4,I'm so bored ㅠㅠ Why is the score so high? The end was a twist, but it was too long
1,It's boring, the story is chaotic.I was really fooled by the rating.As expected, SF is not my star.GPA 9... Oh my
1,I was fooled. It's a home video movie. Scenario, actor, and director are both low-level. a waste of time
1,I saw the "Hadu Butterfly Effect" and it was full of disappointment
1,What is this?
1,There are many stories of this kind before and rehash, samtang, candy...It's not fresh at all because it's one movie.
1,The more I see it, the more predictable and predictable progression...
1,There is no content. It is just interesting for Koreans
6,I admit the unique material, but I can't hide the feeling of boredom overall.
1,A few years ago, I watched a movie that I didn't want to spend money.T
1,I'm flattered by the rating.Oh my god
6,an avid director I have a heart, but I don't have the ability.
6,좋아요.
1,What's the theme? Don't love me?Don't be born?It's a reality-based fantasy reflection.
1,I trusted your ratings. Zero... Drop the rating!
1,If you're caught in the rating, it's fun/lessons/visuals, and Ashton-kurture acting is an awkward time loss
1,Honestly, it's not fun
4,It doesn't look so innovative or materially...
5,I think it's worth watching. It's not scary...The contents are mixed up;;;;;
5,I don't like it.
1,Shocking... in a word, it means nothing happened. What a waste of time!
5,Why is the psychic coming out? the height of crudeness
3,Poor screen, poor composition. It's painful to watch all the time.
6,a little short of expectations
6,I got goosebumps when I first saw it, but the second time I saw it, it was a movie with a lot of holes.It's fun though.
6,I'm not sure what it's about It's a movie that ends when you understand it and think it's
5,Directed version. Just that kind of movie.
6,A twist is not a twist, it's just a repeat. The material is not enough.
5,Scenario is harpoon! But I'm not interested in movies.
1,I don't understand why this movie is so interesting.
2,You chase a smart twist and end up being stupid
1,Life is not changed because of the butterfly effect of the movie which has weak causal relationship, there is only fate
4,It's not that fun
5,Butterfly effect
6,It was not neat and mixed with good material and script.
1,There are many loopholes in the composition
6,Butterflies' flapping could have caused typhoons on the other side of the world.
4,If you watch it without thinking, it'll be awesome. If you watch it while thinking, it's full of mistakes
1,Is this a masterpiece? Back to the Future is completely copied --;;
1,Oh, why delete it? Is it wrong to write it as boring?
1,It would be better to watch an American drama, Heroes, than to watch this.
6,I was looking forward to it because so many people recommended it, but it wasn't as good as I thought.
1,You can't even get in the trash can
5,A movie that feels like eating a cheap lottery. It's delicious
5,I can't believe you remembered everything you did while creating a new memory
1,It's ridiculous. I dozed off while watching it. It's the viewer's perspective.
5,Honestly, it wasn't fun, but looking at the rating, it was 5 points. Is this fun?;;
6,I've already used it a lot in other movies.I can't live up to my expectations.
4,The movie was so confusing and quite disappointing
1,It's not enough to say it's the best movie.
2,I recommend this movie. It's the first time I've been criticized while watching a movie with my father.
1,Poor acting, capricious screenplay, and excessive violence
3,Interestingly shows the choices that cause and the tomorrow that results, but repeats without rhythm
4,Isn't this too boring?
6,It's just so-so. There's a contradiction in the story and it's a rough sketch
6,I think I've done too much and can't fix it
5,Did I expect too much?I felt bored.I just wanted to see the ending;;;
5,Compared to the twist, the front is so boring...It's nothing more than a killing time
5,A lot of people are ruining the movie because of the twist
1,All I got was an Ashton Kutcher movie...
5,It's boring and boring. a fatalistic pessimist story
5,Just such a complicated movie
2,But a third-rate movie! Zero workability
4,I don't know if the director is cheating even though he knows the butterfly effect.
1,It's childish and tacky, honestly.Why is the rating so high?
5,It tasted less than expected and was okay to stimulate the taste.
2,The Fool's Masterpiece, OOO Stories
2,the final version of a poor composition made up of forced puzzles I don't understand the rating.
1,Don't overdo it.ㅉㅉ
3,When I saw the release date, I thought it was a remake of Eye Inside. It was not good
5,It's not a good ending.
6,This movie is as far-fetched as the Matrix
1,The rating is too high. I'm reducing it
6,It reminds me of the importance of every moment
5,Very interesting subject...But it's not...
1,Anyway, the levels...Tsk. It's been a while since I saw trash
1,The best crap movie of my life
1,It's funny, but the rating is too high
1,the worst
6,Soze was plausible, but the leap was severe.
6, the middle,  center
1,Oh, you're making the thrill like this? Dirty.
3,a screenplay and directing in which novelty is not novel and blatantly insincere
5,Butterflies are moths that will freeze to death!
4,It's just a B-rated movie.The rating doesn't make sense.
1,Look at "The Jacket" and judge why I gave you 1 point.
1,A movie that leaves nothing after watching it. Unnecessary violence.
6,It's messy. Is it because I saw the movie version?
1,The ratings for such a simple and far-fetched movie are too generous
4,Even if you commit all kinds of evil deeds, you will become a god with a nosebleed.
5,The movie's content is not that great
6,Well, what's so great about that?You seem to be looking at the limits of your imagination
5,childish imagination
6,I can't get rid of the feeling that I'm wearing the eyeshadow Totally disappointed
4,What kind of butterfly effect is it when a child dies and doesn't die?
3,I twisted it too much. So it's annoying.
1,It is not in the 9th grade of the rating adjustment
1,About 7 points? It feels like I insisted. the uncertainty of cause and effect be interesting
1,I can't do it even if I get cursed at...garbage
1,a spineless piece of garbage by a director Be Hollywood.
1,Why is the rating so high? a dull and stupid scenario with excessive production
5,A killing time movie that you don't want to see twice!
6,Not good.
6,an absurd story of a time machine
5,Scary of diary?
5,I don't understand what you mean at all. I feel like I'm being dragged by the director
6,The child was so scared;
5,It's fun but not neat
5,Just a movie that came with a normal vibe. There was no shock!
4,I give three points for porn and four points for this movie. The director's version is one thing.
6,It's a movie that's too good to be compared to "12 Monkeys"
5,The director must have watched too many Hayao movies.
6,I don't like it because I know the content
4,It's a well-made commercial film, but I owe a lot to Donidaco.
5,The material was fresh. But it's normal.
5,Commonness
6,a film that smoothed up a fairly dramatic story
6,The material was good, but wouldn't it be better?
6,It's a little weak...
1,This isn't a butterfly effect.It's a crude idea of the director's time travel.
6,Covering the Hollywood B-list movie with a profound theory of peripheral stimulation
5,disappointment after expectation
6,It's not good.
5,Compare this movie to memento?Nonsense. Childish interpretation of the Kaos theory
6,The material was fresh, but the story became more complicated as the second half went on.
6,It's chaotic, but it's shocking when you put it into reality.
6,A movie that leaves nothing but unique ideas.
6,The movie is very interesting. But it is not an anti-war movie.
6,I get motion sickness because I ride the time machine too much.I wish I'd done it in moderation.
5,What is this?
3,I was looking forward to the movie because it had good reviews, but the movie is really...
6,Was it because I was only curious about the ending?The disappointment was as great as expected.
6,What are the idiots who give 10 points to a movie like this?
6,I don't feel much fun when I see it twice
1,Tsk tsk tsk
3,It's nothing. I'm tired of it
5,a shoddy and chaotic rubbish film
1,It's similar to Frequence, but it's less than half the fun.
4,It's nice to be tied together, but the story for her is infinitely tacky.
6,Only the material is unique and good. The development is a little strange
6,I think it would be good to just make the material fun.
5,I watched many thriller movies, but this movie wasn't that attractive.
6,It wasn't fun.
6,The theater version is not worth six points.
1,
6,It's boring. The atmosphere is good
1,z
6,Twisted here and there, but still cliche.
6,The countermeasures are movies.
2,It wasn't fun
1,Too predictable
6,My nose is bleeding like water.
6,It's almost like watching a memento.But I enjoyed watching it
1,sloppy work
1,It's an obvious story that made me dizzy, and it's a video that doesn'
1,I don't know what's creepy about it. It's cliche and cliche.
1,An irresponsible movie that leaves everything to chaos theory.
5,There are two results in vain. The process is a waste.
5,I like it, but the ending is ridiculous
4,It was a waste of money
6,a horrible but well-made film
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,Nonsense. Eye inside is more realistic.
5,It would be a great success if there was a movie or novel that relied too much on ideas.
3,What do you mean the director's logic? That in itself is a contradiction. Are you kidding me?
6,Fantasy Express... It's what I sang in Amazing Story.
2,Only the title is "Butterfly Effect". The content is too childish.
2,I was going to give you a point, but elementary students give you 2 points for 10 points
1,An undeniable rubbish film. It's a question of generation P.
2,It’s too difficult.
5,I didn't live up to my expectations ^^; If you like Back to the Future, you'll like it
6,It's not something new.
1,
3,I really don't understand. It's not realistic, it's not touching, and what's funny...Circle
2,The story is completely tied to Ashton Kutcher's clumsy performance and the first image of the memory trackback
6,I love acting, but why is Ashton Kutcher so funny?
4,A movie that's overrated.
4,Let's not expect too much.
5,The butterfly effect I saw after reading all the thrillers was just such a movie.I strongly recommend it
4,Fizzled out.Is this a thriller?
1,I watched it with the person below and it just came out. It's really fun! I guess you're really a part-time
1,I looked forward to it because the ratings were good and the comments were good. -_- Are you working part-time?
3,The material is not freshThere's a lot of this. Entertainment day is fine
1,People who say it's funny are people who don't know how to watch movies.
1,I'm so angry. Why is the reverse movie number one? I'm so disappointed
6,It's just a sight
5,The ending of the director's version is better than the theater version.
1,not much
5,Best or worst movie, so I'm in the middle
5,It's so distracting.I wish I was out of my mind...
6,Ashton Kutcher's New Discovery
1,In a word, it is inferior. Is that what college students would do? The theme is good, but unrealistic.
1,a ridiculous piece of junk that leads to a boring story with the idea of changing the past
1,I don't like it.
2,a reversal of the tide using the ridiculous method of time reversal For killing time
6,I admit I'm serious about movies, but...It's like a movie of a different time.
1,It's a movie that's like a trash cartoon.
5,The topic is not interesting compared to a good one or a good one.
5,tiger swallowtail
4,It's just... it's fun to think about it.
4,A movie that leaves a lot of discomfort... ...the content is very original.
1,It's not a very good movie to watch
4,It's worth watching until the middle, but it's boring because of the repetition of the content. obvious conclusion
1,Money waste... It's weird that I got more than 9 points
6,I was childish.
5,It's a bit over-packaged...Interesting at first...I'm getting annoyed towards the end...
1,Just borrow a frequency
5,It's just a sight, but it's boring. I agree with the phrase "excessive violence".
1,Is there a minus?
5,Is this movie really fun? It wasn't fun for me. I was so annoyed.
2,After seeing the identity, I saw the butterfly effect.If it wasn't for you, how should I say it?Only brilliant ideas
1,What do you think about the director's version? Should I download it from the Internet?
6,The material was good, but the repetitive development was boring and cliche, so the movie was disappointing.
3,It's just one line of prologue
1,I've never seen such a boring movie in my life
1,A choice without regrets, really??
5,I want to give a round of applause to the person who wrote the scenario.
3,I saw it because the rating was high, but the content was more chaotic than I thought
5,After watching it all...The movie that makes my head heavy is really fun ^^
1,It's a story that you can feel after you're drunk
6,Excellent material... tough composition!
3,a little expectation, a little disappointment
1,Is it because it's a long time?It was a little bit of luck, but...It's a piece of cake...
4,A movie that makes you think about it at least once
6,It's a waste of material to stop with SF.
5,A theatrical fantasy special wrapped in Chaos Theory, a boring movie that goes back in time and changes the present
6,Was I looking forward to it too much?It's not realistic.Not really
5,The obvious conclusion...
2,Ridiculous superpowers and repeat patterns, simple conclusions.
2,A copy of the movie "I Inside."I can't believe you copied it from a year ago.
1,=_=It was not fun. the royal network,
5,Still, it's a little funnier than the non-funny comedy Whitechicks.
1,a movie that is incomparably worse than a memento
5,A movie that makes you feel strange.It feels weird.-.-;;ㅡ.ㅡ;;
1,You think this is the best, you're the worst.
2,I was curious about the end, so I held it in and watched it all →→→ No special feeling
1,It's trash
1,I don't recommend it to those who like action movies. I don't remember much after watching it
1,It's a fake "Back to the future.not much.
6,It's a creepy movie!
4,Dondeckman. Reminds me of that cartoon.
6,It was okay. I was nervous and I was looking forward to it
1,Was it because I had high expectations? In a word, it was not fun.
1,What's with the ending? It's a total mess sometimes.-;ㅡ;
6,The ending isn't even a happy ending.  It's not a tragedy.
6,Ah, I think it was very boring. Is my taste unique?
6,It's not up to my expectations.
4,If you watch it, it's not good...
1,I just slept because I was sleepy
1,Is the movie a cartoon? It has to make sense to a certain extent.
1,Please don't watch ridiculous trash movies Please, please, Goddam
5,It was a bit childish, right?
4,Well, as long as you understand. It's a really good movie
6,It seems to make me concentrate on the movie.
6,I didn't like the scenario.Anyway, it's not that
4,Big expectations, new content...But a flood of boredom and a vain ending...
5,It's a bit confusing...ㅠㅠㅠ
3,It's a shame.
2,It wasn't as interesting as commercial advertising VIDO RECOMMENDATION
5,It wasn't surprising. -_-
1,I don't know if it's anything far away.
6,The story is good, but it made the movie so headache.
5,Somehow
1,Ask the people around you who watched the movie and judge it.k.-_-
1,TOMORROW is the best
1,Overall, it was good, but the latter part and the ending weren't enough
3,a disappointing film that tries to catch one's eye with spectacular visual effects
1,Well, it's kind of interesting, but it's fun
1,A sloppy scenario that relies on induction rather than deductive method.= Unresponsible
3,It's boring. It's very similar to the old movie Time Machine, so I expected everything
6,Something was different, but I can't get rid of the gloom that lingers in my head throughout the movie.
1,I did a lot of similar things long time agoIt's not that much fun
3,My horoscope is a total scam. It's a long way from the identity. --a
6,There was a jam. The movie star wasn't bored
3,It's fun, but I think it'll be like a memento
1,It's rubbish in itself
5,I downloaded it from my computer and it's really good.    Make sure to watch it
5,Make sure to watch it! It's fun!^^
6,The absurdity of the ending of the movie and the director's version... Please watch the director's version.
1,Looking at the reviews below, there are a lot of nerds. "Look at the butterfly effect."
2,Psychodrama...I don't understand no matter how much I think about it
5,It's a movie with a cool title. The expectations are a little lower!
3,Second worst movie I've seen this year - do you like to know the future and change the past if you're unique?
3,Amazing material VS poor composition, the birth of a super-sense thriller genre VS ridiculous acting.
6,It's like squid and peanuts to kill time.
5,There are people I shouldn't have met and I shouldn't have met in the future!
4,It's a bit disappointing. Thriller's charm is so weak
6,Maybe the plot is too dizzy... The acting is not good...
2,A dullness with good ideas but no backing for production
6,If I could change the past...If you went back to September '94, and you said "no"...
1,---, Did they make it well?
5,Basic bread
1,A movie that's just like a TV fantasy. It's too much lower than I expected.
6,a film worth watching
1,The movie is okay, but the manners of the movie fans...Nothing to say -_-;;
1,What kind of movie is it?
3,Why is the rating so high? I don't think it's a movie with this rating
6,Before you look at it, look at the eye-inside first.
5,It's worth seeing.It's not enough to give a lot of praise.
1,All OOOO got 10 points -_- shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
5,a movie that is interesting and interesting but has a headache;
6,Hollywood thriller that doesn't taste like anything...
1,I hope you don't watch it even if you have enough time.
1,production, editing, etc. with a cliche and suck story without justification
6,It's just normal...
5,I'm really looking forward to it and I think it's a movie of the genre I've always wanted.
1,There is no jam. I saw it in America a few months ago. I don't like acting.
1,There was a reason why there was a lot of harsh criticism when it was released in the U.S.-_-;
2,Please note that the movie is not very interesting
2,I'd rather not change it...
2,If you watch it, it's in vain...
1,That's nice
1,What
6,There are a lot of unique cinematic elements, but it's not a great movie.
6,That's too much. It's not a movie with 9 points. It's supposed to be 7 points, so 6 points
1,I'd rather see the weightlifting mountain than the butterfly effect
6,I haven't seen it, but it seems like a movie that makes me want to see it.
4,It's not complete, but it's an interesting material scenario. Ashton Kutcher's vibe is good, too
5,It's not that fun... The director's version is suicide. The movie version has a happy ending(?)...
6,What should I say? I was looking forward to the thrillers, but I don't think it's going to be SF...
1,Stories where you just stick it on... serious acting
1,I didn't see it
5,The writings here make me want to watch this movie more. You have to watch it.
1,Thumbs up
5,I think it's going to be fun^^
5,I don't understand the story of the thriller.But I'll look forward to it because of her^^
5,I remember believing that it was the past.It changes that.The result of my flapping...
1,After watching the movie, my friend: I was bored to death
1,a childish time-travelan uninteresting, unmessageable trash movie
1,Kerry, come on.
4,It's going to be fun, so I tried it
5,It's been a while since we've seen a fancy and fun movie^^
5,I think Ashton Kutcher is funny.This movie sounds interesting
5,Let's see
4,K
5,A movie you can look forward to
5,I watched it 3 months ago and it was really fun, but I'm really curious about Grandi's end
4,I haven't seen it yet, but I think it'll be fun
4,It's fun. It's thrilling.
4,I'm looking forward to the release.
5,Why is it so well-received? I'm not crazy...-_- I don't like it!
3,What do you mean by the butterfly effect? It's such a difficult movie!
1,It's a movie that you must study the title of course
5,Highly recommended -
3,It looks like part-timers worked on it, but it's a movie that's not much to watch. Not good.
1,Wow, that's amazing. It's a really annoying movie
1,I don't think so
1,It's not good
1,It's a retro-active movie.
1,Rubbish's exclusive property Tensioned by ineffective double track, but trash
1,The name of the butterfly effect makes me dizzy.But it is interesting.Make sure to see the moth effect.
1,Even the title is pouting, boring repetition.
1,A movie that would make a fool of himself.It's such a bad movie
6,I recommend the director's version.
4,Well, it's more like a series of nervousness than a shock.Anyway, I can see your personal selfishness.
1,Is this a welcome too? Hiring hundreds of part-timers.Well
5,It's a bit ridiculous to meet her again at the end!
4,The acting and the scenario are all capricious, contrived, and inconsistent.
2,You're lying... You're not funny!
4,It's kind of boring... But there was a jam
1,I heard the movie was fun, so I played it, but the fun was...It's so much fun
5,I'm sick of Wanjon Hollywood movies.
5,I don't know. Is it because I'm looking forward to it? I can't get rid of the crude feeling.
5,According to the movie commentary, it received a lot of harsh criticism in the U.S., but I don't know why.
5,I don't like it
2,Can't help laughing throughout the appreciation.
5,The funniest and most thought-provoking movie since Six Sense
1,All-in-one to the exact harsh criticisms of American critics
5,Another version of RetroActive.Jang Jung-in is dissatisfied with the main character, Hyunjae!
5,The childishness of the story is not funny.
5,It wasn't really fun.It was worth watching.
2,I copied this movie memento.
4,It's been a while since Hollywood came out a good movie. But Korean movies are more fun
5,But it's really interesting to watch
1,Man, I didn't understand. -_-! If you don't understand like me, don't watch it ㅠㅠ
5,There are so many movies with this kind of material.It's not that fresh...What...
6,Well, it's a good movie, but it doesn't end well
1,It's a third-rate movie. Ignore the high horoscope!!!
4,I strongly recommend it.
4,It's a serious scenario, but the whole story is somewhat sloppy.
4,It's fun, but it'
5,If he was just a lunatic lying in bed at the end of the day...It's totally science fiction
5,In order for naver movies to be recognized, evaluation must be fair.
6,There is an effect, but there is no impact.
4,It's not a complicated movie, it's an unmade movie!Nonsense composition and editing!
4,You don't have a clue. The conclusion is too obvious.
6,I'm just like that. This reminds me of Lee Hwi-jae's "Life Theater".
1,not much
4,I just... I thought the end was fun. Usually
1,Well...
4,I just... I thought the end was fun. Usually
1,Well...
