가타카
6,It's definitely not in the nine-point range.
4,I don't know why it's over 9 points.
6,료Ryol 8ㄹㄹ7려7ㄹㄹㄹㄹ
1,I don't know why it's over 9 points.It is my first time to leave a review in my life. I really like classic movies, so I watched it because there was something I didn't watch. It was a movie that really didn't suit me.
2,Buying for a dream?I can't relate
6,I know what you want to say, but there are definitely genetic differences that cannot be overcome by effort. The idea was good, but the quality of the movie was not enough
1,I can't find anything interesting.
6,It's just... It would have been groundbreaking in 1997, but now it's obvious. It's not that heavy, so I recommend it for killing time
1,It's no fun. It's no fun
6,Movies should continue to be re-evaluated as time goes by. I think this movie just showed a very well-packaged production of a plausible stable idea in a stable plot. I know what you're trying to say, but what the main character wants is to enter a class society, and it hasn't escaped the absurdity of the class itself.
6,Nowadays, when genetic clipping is possible, it seems only a matter of time before the imagination in the movie becomes a reality. But the movie isn't as good as you think.Maybe it's because it was made a long time ago.
5,It's a crude and plain movie, but the public knows what they want
1,You can guess the message, but it's too plain
6,A movie that gives famous lines and life lessons. The atmosphere of science fiction was also good
6,A goose's dream of flying in the sky
6,The topic is too good, but there are many scientific errors to call it a SF movie, which hinders immersion
6,The Lizard's Realization of the Gliding Suri from a Young Perspective
1,farmers and herdsmen in southern China
6,There are scenes here and there that I can't understand. I don't know if I watch it a few more times. Should I tell you about love in front of the dream that I really wanted? Why does the heroine have a deep relationship with a man of uncertain status? I don't know why the final test came out like that.
1,aviation environment of Nuya ATMs
2,It was boring. No, no, no, no, no, no, no
6,I like SF, but this movie can be divided into likes and dislikesIt wasn't bad, but it wasn't a lot of fun
1,I'm so bored.ㅆ
1,What kind of super elite can't tell a person's face?
2,I have a high score on my head rating. It's like a killing time.
6,What do you mean 9 points? O, o, o
6,My score is 7 points higher than 6 points
6,The meaning is good, but something is missing.
1,Life is a spoon and chopsticks. Genes ver.
1,It's a movie that's exclusively for those who eat rice
1,It's a movie that suits the taste of the people who try to deny the importance of genes, and the effort is hereditary, but it denies it
1,Disappointed compared to the score
4,I'm a liberal arts student, and it's not fun at all
5,The mind that doesn't give up is also a dominant gene Proven in drug detection dog cloning experiments All five cloned dogs had the same personality ability The main character of this movie was born with a dominant gene and a mental power
1,I can't be the only one to suffer. Watch it
1,It's actually a little less interesting, perhaps because it's lower than Clementine.
6,It is a movie that is more touching than a dramatic drama, but I was sleepy throughout the movie.
5,It's not a science fiction genre, it's a humanity lesson drama that doesn't have tension like a thriller. It's okay, but the movie is not smooth and there's a lot of space Ends in a hurry towards the second half
6,The material and twist were good, but the overall story and production level were too low. It's not natural like flowing water and it feels like it's breaking off. I think it has a lot of good reviews for its fresh material and nostalgic feeling from the 90s movie atmosphere
5,You want me to say "no-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh?" That's why this movie doesn't work now.
1,The message is too obvious
6,The echo of the worldview rather than the work.
1,Why did Jerome end up committing suicide...
1,It's worth seeing. Rating adjustment
2,I thought it was an amazing movie because of its high rating.It's disappointing
5,I know it is a meaningful movie, but it is more boring than 2001 Space Odyssey, which is boring than 2001 Space Odyssey.
4,A movie with only characters and lines.
3,What the film is trying to say is something like a universal and social convention that is already widespread among the public. a predictably dull movie
2,be somewhat boring
1,It's really boring. I don't understand why the rating is high. Don't be fooled like me and just don't look.
4,I think it's a masterpiece ^^
1,She has a sexy body
6,Do you think I have a low eye for movies?I don't understand that the rating is over nine
1,Honestly, it's 7 points, but it's too high, so I give you 1 pointI know what you're trying to say in the movie is, "You can't decide a person by genes," but you can see the typical cliché that you see, or the detective suddenly turns out to be that person, and you swim
3,I think it's a movie that raises the question of what this movie is about even though I can see what it tells me because it has such a good reputation and I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it.
6,Am I weird? I think we're doing Cosmic Gala Coco. A movie that discriminates against humanity?
1,Don't be fooled by the ratings. It's a really boring movie
1,I want to give you 8 points, but I give you 1 point to subtract the rating. It's definitely interesting, but if you look at Naver's rating and look forward to it, it's good to fall asleep. Be careful.
1,The rating is so high, but it's boring, so I thought about whether to stop watching it or not, but I watched it all, but it's not science fiction. Rehash is a tough movie
5,The message to suggest was too obvious. But considering the year of production, a well-made movie
4,Did I watch this movie too late? I was bored.It's a clueless movie about his own destiny.;;;;
3,I turned it off in the middle of the movie because it was boring like reading a textbook. But the stories that the movie suggests are interesting.
1,Fate is more what you make than what you're born with.I know what the movie is trying to say, but it's just thatI think it's over the mark.I think it's appropriate to have eight points
6,The material and content itself is very interesting and the movie has a good lesson, but after watching it, I felt dirty and the development itself was very boring
2,The message is good, but the way the movie unfolds is very, very artificial.
6,The material is great, but overall it's sloppy, but Jude's acting... Top
1,I was watching and turned it off... -,-;;ㅡ,ㅡ;;
1,I'm losing all my energy. What does it feel like to watch a three-hour movie?
6,Where the hell does this rating come from? It's not fun. It's not touching. The best movie of my life? Why?
5,Just a boring movie with nothing to gain.
2,I don't know why you recommend it
4,a very hard lesson
6,It's novel. A life destined for genes can be a tragedy either way.
5,I guess SF and I don't get along well
6,`하나님의 일을 생각하여라. 그가 비뚤어진 일을 누가 바로잡을 수 있겠는가 ? "                                 -성경 7:13
1,Maybe because it's an old movie, it's deep. It's just that the rating is too high.
6,I can't believe it was made in 1997. You have great imagination
1,6.5 points. It's a movie. 1 point because it's too high
6,a movie that glorifies the main character with the pretense of effort and dream
6,Visible error. Sloppy background... The story isn't that great either. It's two percent short of a masterpiece
1,It's a good movie, but it's never been exciting, it's rated too high
1,To be honest, this is never a SF movie, it was just a little hard to watch
1,The topic is interesting, but it's a bit far-fetched and seems to drag on, and it's rating adjustment.One point
2,Yes, the topic is good, but is this science fiction? ...I was tricked
1,A movie that manipulates ratings...It's not fun at all right.
1,Because of his efforts to ignore the rules of the world and corruption, he made his dream come true
1,It's so much fun
1,It's so much fun
1,The rating is 9,24...Are you saying that this is a similar rating to Terminator 2, Titanic, and Braveheart?
1,A movie that is not touching or funny, why is such an ordinary movie so highly rated?
6,a movie lost to old, artificial devices
2, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
6,Thought the rating was too much
6,I understand what you're saying... ...but I'm just saying.
6,Not good.
4,I don't know. It's a masterpiece. I don't really...
1,I've never seen such a boring movie.
6,The simple content was elaborately expressed.But who wants to know why you're dying when you're about to go on a trip?
1,I saw it on NAVER rating. Don't look at it Really
1,No aliens, no gun fights, total boredom
1,Why am I so boring?
6,I was fooled by the rating. An obvious story. In a word, I don't like it
6,Setting up the genetic context is interesting, but... What's wrong with the development?
5,Unbelievable rating...
6,I think everyone enjoyed it.
6,A movie with a rating of 6 points
2,I was just a little bored in the middle.It's kind of uncomfortable. The end...I feel like I watched the last episode of "Ji-Soo-Kick".
3,Why is this?
1,Exaggerated ratings are boring
6,It's not good
6,I don't think so
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
1,Good
1,It's so much fun. I'll give you 10 points.
1,It's too high
1,Boring than I thought
1,Movies are okay, but this is overrated
6,Change fate with effort... It was a good material, but it wasn't fun.
6,Why did I get bored?
4,Didn't these people see a masterpiece?
1,It's boring. It's not fun
1,I saw it because the rating was really high. Phew... it's not funny.
1,It was a good movie, but I think about 8.5 is appropriate
6,A setting but too harsh future. It's more like a drama than a science fiction...
5,the obvious story of Sue's director
1,I'm getting sleepy... The rating is ridiculous and the material is not fun
1,There's a lot of talk about what's so big about not leaving the power to go back.That's not funny
5,If you look at the dubbing, the score goes up...
1,That's too much
5,It's a movie with a rating of 7 points. So don't look forward to it. That's not good.
1,It was really boring. The rating is unbelievable. I really don't recommend it. Ying Ying
6,a familiar variation of the style of k-dick  Jude Law's Last Scene...
1,It was boring
6,Just for fun, I don't know what this rating is for
6,Well, the material is interesting, but... The feeling of boredom is clear...
1,a boring movie
1,I got a high rating, but it was boring
6,The message is strong, but only yawns because it's boring.I personally recommend Octobus Sky.Much better
6,Nice topic and quiet SF.
6,Too much rating... Personally, it was very compared to Shawshank Escape.
5,Why is it so funny? Don't I know how to watch a movie? It's too simple
1,a boring movie
3,It's as hard as the screen, and the content is heavy. It's boring after all right?
2,I think I got a little bit of meaning. Overall boredom...
6,Was I expecting too much? Disappointed.
1,Good
4,The topic is very good. Is it because I have different tastes? More than a similar Ireland or 6th day.
1,It's rotten
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
6,owing to many scientific faults
1,It's a complete work that gets a high rating. If it weren't for Ethan Hawk, I wouldn't have seen it.
4,Interesting material, attractive actor, mess story
6,It's definitely not as interesting as the high rating.
5,Bored, depressed, but just worth watching
5,좋아요.
5,Why does this have a high rating. I don't understand!
1,Personally, it was a shot. Do humans have no concept in the future? in reality
6,I think he's trying to teach you something. I'm not sure about that.
1,Bored... I have nothing to say
1,boredom all the way through
1,I can't believe it's a 97 movie.
6,It's not science fiction. It's just a drama
1,Netizens are overreacting.--; About 8 points is appropriate.
1,I'm sure it's a good work. It's not fun. It's so boring.
1,Honestly, it's not a 9-point movie. It's a good movie in the late eights, but I want my score to go down
6,Why am I not funny ㅜㅜ I just feel like I'm watching.
6,It's not fun and difficult for people in need
1,Well, there's nothing left.This is the source of philosophy
1,an intolerable lack of composition The weight of the topic is offbeat
6,Ethan Hawk is a waste
1,What's this? It's not fun;;
1,not much
1,But the rating is too high.The story is okay, but...
1,not much.
1,A trite sci-fi movie that doesn't give a shudder at all. Overrated!!!!
6,I looked forward to it so much.
1,Why on earth is the rating so good...It's such a boring story...
6,I was just like that...
6,좋아요.
6,an interesting story a slight slack a lack of tension
5,The music ruined the whole movie. Music set the film back 20 years.
1,Top
6,The rating of 9.20 is a bit too much -_- just boring
1,The score is too high.-_-; It wasn't that touching and nothing special.
1,Why is this movie rated so high? It's well made, but something's missing!
1,Cold dance
6,A man's fate is fixed, but it is a man who changes his fate
1,a childish science fiction film
1,It didn't suit my taste
3,I don't know if it's because I trusted my reputation...
1,Something wasn't enough
1,The rating is too high
1,I was really not funny.
1,A movie with a bit of weight. 9 points is too much
6,I thought there would be something because of the high rating, the obvious story
6,I didn't like the scene where Jude Law committed suicide. Overall, it's fun.
2,It's boring with high ratings
4,Stupid movie, only high visuals in low-level imagination.
3,Tragic and shocking, but not funny Disappointed with the high score
1,That's not funny. I can't believe a boring movie got more than 9 points.
5,It's kind of boring.
4,What are you doing ㅠㅠ
1,moving
4,Why is the rating so high? It was boring.
6,It was a good design, but the process of completing it is difficult.
1,It was boring
1,It was boring
1,Something wasn't enough
1,an obvious content
2,It was boring... -ㅅ-
1,I wasn't having fun.Since it's an SF movie,
3,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,It was boring
6,A masterpiece movie with a standardized theme is boring to death.
5,somehow
5,I've been bored all day This kind of genre is...
6,The movie is good, but you drew a disabled person as a completely useless prop.
6,I can't believe you gave such a boring movie a high score.Only the last scene is good.
3,Even so, it's fake. I'm passionate about myself.
5,Effort or hypocrite in the mask? There is no real conclusion...
1,A truth greater than dominant DNA? Well, is that fair?
6,I don't think it was taken by a few pennies ^^ There is not much content.Oh my god
1,I've been interested in the subject matter.It's a little boring. It's not an 8-9 movie.
1,Boring...
6,Did I expect too much?
1,What is it? It'
5,The teacher is very interesting.
6,I'm afraid of the future society
