트루맛쇼
1,Oh, my.
6,The best comedy ever. I laughed so hard. I keep thinking about it. Yesterday, today, and tomorrow, I continue to be deceived and go to the restaurant. A sad reality that can only be applauded and laughed. Maybe even this documentary is a show produced by famous producers for ratings
1,A movie that few people haven't watched has a bad rating as well
4,It's a movie that's fascinated by the fact that the famous restaurants on TV are not tasty and the old nonsense as if they revealed a secret that no one knows and gave a big lecture. There are no fools who expect the taste from TV restaurants these days. "I went to a good restaurant" and went to buy the vanity with money
6,The reality of us being fooled easily through broadcasts
6,Watching some food programs and seeing my own thoughts being reproduced on the screen, it's refreshing but bitter. I wonder if there are still restaurants that are packaged as good restaurants if there is only money after the accusation
1,Let's adjust the rating.
1,What's this? It's a high score. Have 1 point
3,The documentary itself was unfortunately unsuccessful, with only good intentions and themes
1,I still don't know what it's about
1,A documentary you can't watch. It doesn't look like a movie.
6,Even though it's a movie that says that the restaurant is a lie, I want to try the food in the movie and my mouth is watering
1,It's good, but you should watch a movie as a movie. Is this a masterpiece with 9 points? ;;;
2,Well, it's a good one
1,Hm.. haha..humming
1,What is it? Why is this the highest rating...Are you kidding me? Make a good movie.Calm down. Don't play with me.
1,The person who said this is funny is someone with a weird personality
1,I thought it was the truman show, but it was a truman show
1,Even that broker got paid to film a documentary
1,Did you work out? It's not a good score
1,There are less than 3 points for immortal movies like the Cheonan project, but 10 points for movies like this are for brain hospitalization
1,I don't know why the rating is high.
1,It's not fun.
1,It's not as good.
1,Oh, my God. Why is this rated so high? It's so boring
1,I'm from Oyu Oh, no, that's a trashy, low-grade vesper. You should be ashamed of yourself
2,The timing was not right at a time when I found fun or emotion. It was too long to convey enough in other media, such as books and newspapers. I was fooled because my rating was too high
1,The rating is high
1,It's a waste of money
1,Why did I see this?crying
1,One of the trash I've ever seen
1,a waste of time
1,Oh, my
1,What is this not funny?
1,The experimental spirit is fair, but this rating is ridiculous
1,Documentary isn't a masterpiece that lasts for 100 years
1,The Truman Show was a lot of fun
1,a fact that everyone knows
2,The story is good, but for a movie...
1,의미있으면서도 별로 재미없는 영화...
1,Maybe it's the Truman Show, but the part-timers are playing the game
1,It's a great documentary film, but it's too highly rated.
1,Why is the rating so high?
6,The truth of the restaurant is revealed
5,a bubble disguised as a documentary
1,Let's go to a good restaurant
5,I'm going to go find you after watching this broadcast of manipulator.Frustrating reality...
1,Why is it more than 9 points?
1,The bubbles are too much
1,"Sting" for gourmet
5,Word of mouth is the truth in restaurants
5,If you're going to be like this, you shouldn't have made a restaurant program at all
5,You're solving what you know in a familiar way, such as "60 minutes of tracking."
6,"Sting" for gourmet
6,My expectations are gone ㅠㅠ
1,Real rubbish is a duster, media filth, goresian, PD Notebook that deftly distorts reality
1,Let's not do this.Are you saying that the must-see movie is a masterpiece?
6,....I see...
1,What is this?
3,Composition and editing are quite boring compared to ideas. I'm pretty disappointed to see the main episode.
6,I wasn't that interested
1,Didn't we get a higher score than we thought? I need to get rid of it.
1,Don't you all know? The news from the outsourcing company is all like that.
6,It was a good documentary, but it tended to drag on too much.
1,Famous restaurant program... Even if there's a famous restaurant in the VJ Special Forces, you'll get paid to eat it
5,.......................Living high is the scarcity of attempts and the courage of the crew.The content is plain.
5,Complaint Zero, 2580, a documentary about consumer complaints that was fresh but unexpected
4,It's been 60 minutes.Shouldn't we distinguish between the good content in the movie and the good movie?
1,I don't know. I'll give this
6,I think it's just 2580cm
6,Eligibility to eat good food, watch good programs
1,Lack of communication skills...
5,Due to the lack of directing ability, the delivery ability is poor. Pect rather doesn't stand out.
5,I don't think it's in the 9-point range. About 5-6 points
1,not much
3,Honestly, it wasn't fun for me
6,an uncomfortable truth
1,It's just an hour long stretch of what's been known on the Internet.
5,The restaurants on TV are unbelievable
4,I can relate to it
1,Media illusion True taste show is also media illusion lol I saw a lot of good restaurants coming out
1,The rating is too high.
1,I don't like the ratings, but it's not even a movie
1,Everyone has different tastes.Not my cup of tea
6,That's what I expected. More than that, the officials who publicly revealed these irregularities are incredibly brave
6,It's fun
1,Well ...
1,Well, why is the rating so high that I lost my time-- did you know that now?crazy people
1,It's good. But, is it just for broadcasting?
6,It's a good liberal arts documentary, but the directing ability is too poor.
1,I thought it was the Truman Show
1,It's new. Is this the right score? I'll have to cut the rating.
3,Why is the rating so high?Introducing good restaurants is fun to be fooled.What is this movie?
3,It's so silly. As if the whistleblower of the broadcast was nothing more or less.
1,It's a pity that several sacrifices were required to highlight the subject.
1,Korean taste is not good enoughPlease refrain from making such comments.~~
5,The media version of "Zero Complaints" whispered that the media empire would not collapse
1,This isn't right
6,Rather than revealing secrets, it is a work that tells the illusion of broadcasting. However, it is too limited.
1,It wasn't interesting because I knew it from the time when I was a special envoy of the VJ.
1,What about the real restaurants?
1,Netizens whose documentaries reveal the subject matter make the movie number one overall rating
1,Let's cut the rating --
2,It's not fun if you feel like you're watching it without complaining
1,Too much exaggerated
3,It's worth watching, but the highest rating is unbelievable
1,exaggerate a lot
1,The beginning was great, but the end...
1,This is too much
1,Good!
1,a documentary of novel materialHowever, just because I learned this lesson, I think it's because I ranked 1st on Naver's rating
1,..............................Grading....
1,It's fun, though
1,You're the best
1,The store that boasts that it came out as a TV restaurant program on the sign doesn't even look at it anymore.
1,I don't think so
1,What?
1,It's unnecessarily high.
1,It's not that good...
5,An uncomfortable truth that everyone should know. But beyond that setting, the taste of exploration falls.
1,I don't want to see it
3,Aren't you all too naive? There's nothing new about movies
1,A trashy director's hidden camera that thinks he's going to cut it
1,The true storyline is not revealed.Poor Outsourcing PD, wholesome restaurant owner, viewers as an item.Oh my god
6,You're motivated, but you still need to evaluate the spirit of the accusation
1,The truth?
1,ridiculousness
5,What's the Truman Show got to do with it?  I don't want to be fooled by the title
5,But it's such a waste to pay for it
1,It's such a strange movie. It is the most disturbing movie in Korea.
1,a dirty cheap poster
5,Will they manipulate only good restaurants? The implications are great.
1,It's a waste of money
6,It's a disease to know, but a disease if you don't know. I don't want to get sick.
1,Are you not that confident in the movie?It's going down anyway. Why are you in a hurry?
1,part time job
1,A movie that totally got the rating...
