라푼젤
1,
6,a story of growth with a special personality
2,You don't have any affection? The flowers are originally witch's
5,I know there were some Disney prince and princess movies that were worth watching. I watched it before, so I don't remember. But Disney movies only caught the Lion King Mulanmi.
6,Disney is back to what it does best.
4,The setting that Rapunzel's blonde hair and the round hair, which has healing power, turn brown and lose function is completely racist.I didn't know what it was about and I was enjoying it, but when I watched it, I felt that it was a white supremacist cartoon
1,Technology has to look good. You feel the same way as Fiat.
1,The Justice Department has come together for an exclusive purpose.
1,I've been watching a series of Disney movies lately. This is no answer
5,The music was good, but the story was so unfortunate. No matter how much it's for his own benefit, he's been around for a while, and when Godel dies, Rapunzel doesn't get upset... Everyone in the world lives out of selfishness.
5,It's better to see a girl at this time
6,I wanted to sing with you because I had a dream
1,High-speed Sogokso High-speed Subso
6,It's been a while since I last saw you, and I remember you when you were three. You're so cold-hearted even though you raised a witch.
6,Throughout the movie, I felt the urge to touch Rapunzel's hair.
1,I don't like it. I don't like it all. It's childish
1,The rating is too high... It's well made, but the story and probability are a bit disappointing
4,It's about a girl who finds her identity while searching for her dream  It's a pity that the supporting role is so artificial that I thought it would have been better if I only saw the first part. There are a few parts of the story that are not suitable for the probability
6,I happened to watch it after watching Frozen, but it's worth watching.
2,I enjoyed watching it. Haha
6,In the beginning, the male lead, Plan, narrated the story, and it said, "This story is about how I died," but the results show that it's alive The story doesn't match the beginning and the same time
1,It's not fun to chew. I watched it because of my cousin and it ended like that
1,It's a little boring and boring.
1,The content was not good enough and it wasn't good enough.One of the few worst animations
5,A movie that can get up to 5 points
1,You're giving me an average Annie a score for a masterpiece. Oh my god
6,Everyone says it's fun, but why am I so boring?
1,The rating is high. I think it's about 7.5.
5,It's not an animation with extraordinary imagination, but it has comic elements and is worth watching. Personally, I think this is better than Frozen. But it's a bit childish
1,I was so bored when I sang.
1,It's boring, it's a woman watching, especially teenage girls
1,I don't like movies that are not likely to happen. The picture is so pretty
1,The nine-point rating is ridiculous. It was a crazy movie with a story and probability.  All the characters are plain and unattractive except Gottel. I admit the sophistication of the animation, but the latter story was really good.
5,I don't like the scene where some songs are playing, and the others are not so good
1,[Not recommended] It's not that good. It's childish
6,I am a witch, but I raised her for OOO, and she was kicked out right away. It's so inhumane
6,...I don't understand why this is 9.3
2,Except for Up and Ralph, the fist king, the Pixar Disney movie was not good
1,-_- A crude movie with no logic, no emotion in the story, and only the plot. 1. The witch takes away the flowers she finds first 2. The male protagonist leaves his fellow thief behind and runs away with the treasure by himself 3. The female protagonist threatens the male protagonist after assaulting and imprisoning the male protagonist without malice
1,Only the visual beauty was good.
1,You said it was better than Frozen, so I saw it and I didn't...
1,Rapunzel is so ugly. She's like Younggu...
4,No matter how much you raised me, Rapunzel, bad X who ignores all the time
1,I'm from Ph.GM, N, and N
1,The story is less likely and the main character's concept is satisfactory, but it is unnatural to the point where people other than the main character feel excessive.
1,I think Frozen is more fun
1,That's not good. Too high
6,People don't understand that Rapunzel is more interesting than Frozen. I was worried because the production team of Rapunzel made it, and I watched Frozen because the characters were three-dimensional and realistic, so I was moved and watched it. Other people enjoyed watching Rapunzel...
5,Compared to Frozen, his portrayal skills have improved with this opportunity, so I will let it slide
1,To adjust the rating of a five-point movie, 1 point is not that funny, it's not touching, and Rapunzel looks ugly the more I watch her
1,Frozen is more fun!
5,There should be one or two intrusive lines/scripts ㅠㅠ I'm fed up with the repeated forced developments... Video beauty is good
5,It's an animation, so it's plausible. It's not a thief, but a trash thief who steals the crown of the country, betrayed his colleagues, ate them up, ran away, and met a pretty little girl, and became a dog.This is...
4,We'll see if it'll be a masterpiece like Lion King
6,I put together a lot of fairy tales. An animation worth watching.
6,It's beautiful and lovely, but... A message as deep as Pixar and DreamWorks these days is hard to find
1,It's a movie that I want to give 7 points, but the rating is too high
1,Believe in your professional score. For lowering the rating
1,I hope you don't fall for the rating.
3,I am too old to be touched by this.
5,Wild and curious princess. It's Disney-like
6,Her hair is shiny and Annie is alive. Most of all, the color reproduction rate is amazing
6,The rating is too high.
6,a movie that children can watch lightly
6,I think the OST is really good
1,This movie, good job, story, graphic, Sungwoo, good job
6,It's so corny and fairytale-like
6,The story was nothing new, but the eyes and ears were amused.
1,What, what, what
5,This is 9.3? There's a need to calm down
1,It's not good
1,It's not fun at all
1,I'm going to watch it on 3D IMAX
1,Musical genre doesn't suit me
5,Only music stands out
6,content that is lean and simple
1,I don't understand why this is more than nine points. It's worth 6 points.
2,Why isn't it playing?  It's a bear play... ^^;;
6,Childish story...CG is the best? Pixar can't even reach the tip of her toes
3,I was really looking forward to it, but I didn't have time, so I just looked at it.I think it's about the story and I think so
5,Maybe it's because of dubbing. I didn't like it
6,I want to go back to my childhood and see you again.
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? The theme of dream and love. Good, poor content. There is no coherent storyline.
6,(Expert evaluation) The development of the content was good, but it was boring and the ending was especially disappointing.
1,I don't think I'm out of cliché yet
6,Rapunzel's self-realization story
1,The animation that made me feel that I covered it too much
4,It is interesting at first, but I regret the latter part of the story, which is increasingly boring and obvious.
5,Not this much.
6,It's fun, but Disney classic is the best...
2,It's so boring
1,I'm suspicious of your ratings. Such a cliche and cliché has a higher rating than Nemo
6,My sympathy goes to the witch mom who raised me.
5,It's not bad, but it tastes bland
5,Technology is alive. But the story is not enough. I can't reach my heart.
6,From the peak of the good story, it collapses one by one.
5,Is this a 9-point movie? It's just so childish.
1,Why did you marry a thief there?
1,I want to give you 5 points, but I gave you a low score because the rating seems too exaggerated. Too obvious and childish
1,Disney Ruins Pixar
1,Showing a crime = Helping the main character = Forgiven = Overall viewer (What will the children learn?)
2,The immortal Disney cartoon, which is boiled until the soup is not served, continues. Stretch it out!
3,Babies would love it, but adults shouldn't look forward to it
4,It's fun if it's just like that
4,Damn it, Godell
3,It wasn't fun. It was boring It was so unrealistic that I couldn't believe it
4,I could have just dragged her away, but I let her treat her, and I feel sorry for her
6,No matter how fairy tale it is, I hope Disney movie will be released now.It's always the same...
5,90% of NAVER's comments say that it's for elementary school students.
1,The rating is too high
1,I was a bit disappointed to see Rapunzel with a haircut
5,It's good, but it's a cliche...
6,The old story structure, which is easy but has not escaped the glory of the past, still remains
4,I was a little interested at first... It's getting...I'm getting tired of it.;;;
6,To the point where I cry...;; It's just worth watching
6,a children's animation with a simple content
6,Disney's obvious ending is the best!
1,The rating is too high, so I'm going to lower it
6,It's just
6,It's just cute
1,Why is it so high? I think I'm a person who watched Rapunzel's video 14 years ago, so I'm looking forward to it and overestimated
6,As expected, the typical Disney style...
1,a predictable Disney animation 7 points or rating needs to be adjusted.
6,It was just a good idea
5,I don't know about the content. The graphic was so detailed that I was more busy watching it. Rapunzel is so pretty
1,It's obvious and boring. What are the people who give 9 and 10 points for this crap?
1,I fell asleep after watching it at school
4,Rapunzel's clothes felt real.
6,Both the music and the video were good, but Disney's unique cringe was inevitable
6,I lived happily ever after
1,Typical Disney animation. It's another touch and beauty from Pixar. About 8.4 points...
6,Disney is getting more and...
5,Flat hit. There was nothing left. It was beautiful. The beauty that our people like.
1,A typical Disney cliché that is dull, unimpressed, childish, and cinematic
5,The horse is very active. If it weren't for the horse, it wouldn't be anything
6,I rented it and it was okay, but it didn't meet my expectations personally.
6,Disney's first bloody movie
6,It's a children's animation that's sympathetic to the witch
1,The OOO flag is not as good as porn
2,Well...
6,Music and graphics were good cartoons after a long time. The story is...
5,What a shame about the witch's death. I thought she was my mom and lived with her
6,Funny but cliche, definitely overrated.
4,The quality of the animation is impeccably good, but I think I've seen a lot of children's fairy tales somewhere
5,I think Disney animations need to change. It's boring
3,I downloaded it with subtitles, but it wasn't fun--
6,I saw my 8-year-old son. They say it's three stars
6,It's fun. Blonde is better
6,The obsession with a happy ending made the movie a hit.
1,ㅠㅠㅠ ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ a money-wasting movie
1,Ugh!
6,Between sensitivity and overestimation
1,The worst part of the Rapunzel series.What in the world?
6,The main character is pretty, so I give you three stars
6,It's almost the same
6,Cute Punzel's Blonde Finally Brings Disney Back to Life Back
6,It's not Disney anymore. I focus on Rapunzel's character and the development and production is Andromeda.
6,A love story about a prince and princess in a fairy tale.
1,I don't understand why it's rated high
6,Bo was childish the whole time. But the ears are pleasant.
1,trifling
6,It's kind of boring for adults
1,Why is the score high?
6,It's the original Walt Disney story
6,Your part-time job is awesome
6,The graphics are really God's...
6,It's a cliche, but it's a piece that faithfully did its part in Naver's basic information.It was fun to see and hear
2,It's my first time sleeping in a movie with 3D glasses on. Disney is disappointed.
6,It wasn't as impactful as Shrek
6,The song is not very good, the story reviews, the character charm is not very good... It was pretty when I hung flowers on Rapunzel's hair
1,He's like, "Wow, is it?
5,Why am I not funny? Why am I not funny?
1,My hair is disgusting
1,It's fun, but it's not in the 9s. All part-time jobs are basic in movies these days
6,More than a story, a detailed approach
6,I was really looking forward to it, but it felt empty. It wasn't fun at the end
5,It's not in the 9-point range.The screen is pretty, but the content is not absorbed well. Grandmother did a good job
6,It's just worth seeing.
1,For killing time... The ratings are too high. Are they part-timers?
1,That's childish
1,It's just so-so
1,the worst of the worst
1,A
1,a poor job compared to Sen and Chihiro
1,The graphics are the best, but it is not fun to work hard on the successful Disney story elements.
6,It was a bit boring because of the musical part, but Rapunzel...
5,It's not fun...
6,Realistic screen!Beautiful! The scene where the song comes out is kind of boring...
5,It's fun, but it's a bit childish.
4,The more I thought it was okay, the more I ended up disappointed by the silly story and the play of childishness
1,It's not fun even though I watched it in 3D. I don't know if they're... And the rating is too high
1,Oh, it's a waste of money. The endless happy ending story brings a person back to life with a tear.-ㅡ
1,It's a little too much for the kids to see at the end
4,The story is boring I didn't believe it when I saved him with tears
3,Boredom
6,.. Why was I lame and childish. They'll like it when they see it.
1,Anime has improved a lot. Like many fairy tales, it is worth watching with happy ending
6,Yujin looked so cool when she cut Rapunzel's hair. Other than that,
6,I'm not much of a man, so it was like a kid's cartoon I think Shin Chan would be more fun. It didn't suit me
4,Anseup Disney has moved from classic to contemporary drama, and everything is starting to get messed up
4,Never again, full view and security
1,What are the other horoscopes?
1,What a waste of stars
5,That's a high rating. I wish it was just..."About 7 points."
4,The only funny thing is the chameleon and what he says. Why is the rating so high?--ㅡㅡ
1,It's not fun to give it to me because I don't have zero points
1,I don't know;; I'm looking forward to it ㅠㅠ
2,Some scenes were beautiful and impressive, but overall they were a little boring.
1,I don't think that's good for a Disney movie
6,It's just a movie for kids...Movies like this have high ratings.
1,It's like a children's movie
5,I'm not impressed by the obvious story...
6,There are too many part-time jobs. Back to the Future + Avatar
1,There are so many part-timers...
6,It's not touching. It's not funny.It wasn't boring, but the rating of 9.32 is something too flattering
1,Graphic langgo is better
5,This sounds like fun.
1,It's like a six to seven-point movie
6,This... This is fun? Since it's Disney, I'll dream this much
1,It's the worst. I didn't know how to sing
4,I personally don't recommend this It's kind of boring because only the song came out
2,It's fun but it's
1,be genuinely boring-- I want to give it to you if I have 0 stars
1,Why is this trash so high? Elementary level
6,This movie has a high rating, right? beyond one's
1,There are so many part-timers
5,It's obvious, and the eyes aren't good...It's not a box office hit, but the Japanese animation Marumuta is much better
4,I can only smile when I see the twist, not the last twist. a cliché movie
1,- It's just a movie. - It's boring because it's a lame storyThe storyline is not as natural as it is
1,It's not fun
6,Now Disney's happy ending is cliche --
1,That's no fun. Paying money to watch "Eunyeonghwa."
3,I guess parents who raise children give ratings.I'm disappointed even if I look at it lightly
5,Am I the only one who didn't have fun?
1,It's no fun
6,There are some boring parts...I don't like 3D either.The ending is obvious...I don't understand how high the rating is
1,a Disney movie
5,Is Disney on its way down? a boring and boring movie for an adult to watch
5,In the past, there was no lingering feeling when I saw Aladdin and Lion King.
6,It's worth watching. But it was kind of boring for me
5,It feels like we're ending it suddenly at the running time
6,It's so very Disney... I give you a score because Rapunzel is pretty. ㅜㅜ
1,NAVER rating full of part-timers. Phew.
2,I almost slept because I was bored. I didn't know it was a musical. If it was a musical, I wouldn't watch it
4,A familiar Rapunzel story that is too boring to watch in 3D. Rapunzel, cold-blooded witch, cold-blooded abandonment
4,It's too high for the grade...It's a movie for kids
1,I think it's a good movie, but I don't think it's more than 9 points.^^ Between 7 and 8 points..Haha
1,I don't know
2,Why is the rating so high? It's not fun
6,I enjoyed watching it, but...Because of the obvious story, I got 3 stars. Still, it was fun.
1,Well... ...the obvious story, the obvious ending...I'm angry at this kind of overestimation.
6,It's just a boring animation
6,Comic movies to watch! It's a predictable ending, so I turned it off
6,It was worth watching
1,It's not a good grade
6,A movie that children and mothers watch together
2,This is totally Aladdin plagiarism
5,Funny girl animation. I think we should watch older girls first
2,It's a pretty movie, but I dozed off the whole time.
1,It smells bad
4,The teacher showed it to me at school, and it was childish
1,The story was so obvious that it was a waste of money. If you do it on TV, I'll watch it.ㅜㅜ
5,There are many gaps in the story and 3D's unique impactful production It's amazing that the rating is higher than you think
1,If you don't like comic movies because they all have high ratings, you should lower them
6,A lukewarm animation movie
6,Imagination and Annie are the best. The story is lost in quick editing
6,Just.
6,It's childish. Girls might turn upside down when they see it, but it's too childish for adults.
6,The story is about power and punishment.It's been a while since I saw a Disney movie
6,Tears are not the solution to all problems, children.
1,I don't like it.Is it because you know the original...
5,I think people who like musicals will like it.I don't like musicals
6,I think I gave you 10 points too much. It's normal.
6,It wasn't that fun.
6,Rapunzel's love story... I am funny, but the children are bored.T
5,It was fun?
6,It's worth watching, but up to luxurious movies, it's just an animation
1,What's so funny about this? It's definitely not a nine-point movie.
5,It's music from the start
4,Disney, it's been a while since you've seen a movie that's been ruined.Are there any part-timers here?What's with the rating?
4,Rapunzel who showed me everything in the movie introduction program...
3,Ha ha.
5,I saw Disney's limitations
2,It's my personal opinion, but it's not fun
5,For your information, I can't believe the animation score. It's simple because children are more than adults.
6,Being in my 20s, it was so long and boring and obvious
5,Cartoons, cartoons, and cartoons for girls who haven't had their first kiss.
6,It's so-so.
6,It's DisneyI was happy watching because I was, and my limbs contracted in betweencrying
6,Disney's Getting Started Project. It's a mythical game that repeats itself.
1,The rating is too high. The ending looks like a cartoon.
6,I don't think it was good
6,The song is good, but it's not up to expectations.The movie that left that regret
1,Trash movie... Why is this 9.28? Then, the reviews of the masterpieces are lower than that of this movie.
3,Overly sloppy story and fragmentary character settings.
6,There's a kiss scene and it's a bit...
1,Honestly, I don't think it's 9 points.7 points? So I gave him 1.5 points to get the average score
4,I thought it would be a prettier screen, but I'm a little disappointed
6,It's fun, it's interesting, but the development is boring, childish, so fairytale and exciting for a moment
1,It was a lame story
6,It's nothing more than a typical Disney series
1,I was sleepy. It's hard to be this boring with this material
1,All the IDs gave a rating of 10 points only for this movie
1,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it too much. The story is too weak...
4,Honestly, I saw it because the reviews were good, but I hope you were disappointed...It's too weak
6,I like them all, but I think I watched the movie boringly because of this weak story
1,It's a waste of money to pay for it
1,It seems like 10 points are paid for by kids. 3D. What a waste of money
1,It's a movie that's less than zero.Never look.I saw it in 3D, but it's not.
6,It's just
2,Maybe it's because I know the story...
1,It doesn't suit me.
6,It was just... worth watching.It's nothing more than that.
1,I think it's worth seeing if it's mixed with 8 or 9 points, but this is all part-time work
4,Does it make sense to get 10 out of every 10 pages in a row? The rating is so high.
1,This is 9.3 points... So it's obvious that you're going to manipulate the ratings of your part-time job.
3,Oops... OO. Sudden ending. Annoyed.
6,...the ending is completely...hhhh;;
6,If it were just like that, high school students like me would not see it. Kindergarteners or elementary school students would like it
5,I guess I was looking forward to it too much
6,It's hard to give satisfaction to adults~ It makes me realize the importance of hair
2,Disney movie is the least interesting
3,It's not as good as I thought.
1,The worst Disney movie ㅠㅠ was not good
1,I didn't like the way people come back to life with tears ㅠㅠ
4,IMAX 3D visual beauty was the best, but the least interesting Disney movie.16000 won is a waste
6,It was a typical Disney ending and story. It's a cute movie where I was little nervous and moved
6,It's just something to watch
6,It's like Disney animation
6,For a beautiful fairy tale, there are many things to miss. But it's still fun
1,It's a part-time job
6,What should I say? Um... The quality of the movie is a bit high
4,I was so bored and childish!
1,-- Elementary school students will like it
1,NAVER has a lot of chopping. If you don't understand, it's fun if you understand it's trash
6,That's not a good idea. A cliche story, a drag, and then it's over?
2,Disney Animation's Limits: Uninteresting, Tricky, Electra Complex
6,a movie that women and young children will like
1,Disney's fall, obvious story, boring song
1,I can feel that Walt Disney is falling behind Pixar and DreamWorks
1,I think it's really disappointing.Although animation is not my type.
6,It's an attractive Rapunzel, but it didn't touch my heart.
6,I hate part-time jobs. -_- You can't tell if it's a good movie or a bad movie
1,Don't watch this if you're 13 years old or older!
6,Well, it's a pretty picture, but it's not interesting.
6,After seeing Rapunzel's long braids shrink, I thought it was a cartoon
5,It's only good for kids. It's not a movie that's worth watching, but why the ratings are so high?
1,Yes, I really didn't like it. I was looking forward to it
6,Repeat all the obvious patterns and elements unique to Disney Annie. 6 points because Rapunzel is cute
1,There are a lot of people who enjoyed watching it.I was bored to death.
3,Kagoshima Corporation
1,It's not funny
5,You run the end of cliché and cliché. Rapunzel is Johnny's pretty
6,somehow
6,The composition is monotonous, and the development is unreasonable. 3D quality lags behind pixa; Rapunzel is pretty, so 6 points~
1,Why do I give 1 point when no one gave me 1 point? Disagreements on machine identification point-time part-time jobs
