에이리언 2
2,When I was young, I was scared, and when I grew up, I felt frustrated. Everyone seems to be anxious about OOO
6,I don't want to hear a child actor screaming. It's like an ultrasound... I thought Ptsd was coming.Other than this, the fun part.
6,The main characters are like dung idiots. What do you want me to do for you? She should do it
1,The expression of the cat in the beginning is funny.
6,Burke is an individualist!
1,How many hundreds of part-timers are here?
6,It's worse than T2. What do you mean?
1,Technology; Nuny Air contract workers paid like dirt.
1,uiyutitutu tuff
1,fethgdjgdgd
1,칼로 호수를 베는 바람과 같이 불을 붙이는 값
1,Considering the times, it is highly unlikely that such a bully was selected for selecting astronauts through screening. The main character is going to meet the monster again, but...  That the biggest error is not even a little probability.
1,Let's start with the coffee king of coffee, Tagore 4.
1,It's not 9 stars. In the first episode, he tried to save the cat, but this time he tried to save the little one But what's holding them all by yourself? And it's really weird to chase after them for a nightmare.
1,Why is the quality of the seven mines inferior to this even though they are made 30 years later?
1,From the middle, it's totally a failure. I thought you were going to die
6,a stately heroism! It's definitely lighter than the weight of the previous work
1,It's the best to skip the oldies when they're having fun
1,I don't really like it
5,I don't know. I'm not saying I'm worse than the first one. I'm not saying it's not fun. I'm just saying there's a lot of misconfigurations in many parts
1,The rating is too high. Alien 1 is the best. 2 is just an alien war, look at Predator 1 rather than watch 2, which is very interesting
6,I couldn't feel the fear and thrill of the first episode at all
6,I don't agree with the saying that it's a sequel that beats the previous one. James Cameron's ability to handle visual spectacle is indisputable, but his ability to handle dramas and narratives is not very impressive.
4,It's worth watching, but it's not that fun. I think it's about 8 points
5,It's so American to send a Marine by a planet. Stories and composition that would have been criticized by future generations if it weren't for Alien
6,Dog trash movie. I was so sick of it
1,Compared to the first episode, there was a lot of shock and fear.
6,Honestly, 10 points is too much, and 6 points would be enough.Out of Alien 1 to 4, I honestly didn't think the second one was the most fun.
1,Directed by James Cameron. I don't know how it was at the time, but the code doesn't match me. Bored
6,It is a movie that imitates the usual Hollywood action entertainment movie. I think it's an overrated movie. I don't think I'm as good as the first one
5,Cameron's down-to-earth Alien response.
2,I was so bored in the beginning and middle of the year that I got a good job. And there's no tension in the climax, the climax is the worst, and fourth in the Alien series
1,-_- Loud Alien
1,There's no loyalty between a man and an alien
5,I saw this when I was in the lower grade of elementary school.
5,Adjusting the rating. But if you open the door in space, your body will explode. It's ridiculous
6,A movie that instills a bad prejudice against alien life. Just because it looks different from humans and is ugly to humans does not mean that it is violent and intelligent. Imagine an alien infiltrating the Earth, touching human babies and locking them in a laboratory. How can a human being stay still?
6,The reality is that the 2nd episode is so much fun, and if it wasn't for the 1st episode, it wouldn't have come out at all
1,A Hollywood movie about Scott's life.
1,Why is Alien only fast when he sneaks on an airplane?
6,I saw it because they said it was fun, but elementary and mid-terms are very boring.truth
1,This is really boring
1,The screen is too dark and the content is stuffy. The rating is too high for him
1,The first episode is more touching! The atmosphere pioneer, perfection level 1 is one step higher! The second is just imitation!LOL
1,It was so boring that I forgot what it was about
4,It's not bad
1,Are you a part-timer?
6,As expected, Cameron style is fun, but the movie depth and message was much better in the first part
1,I don't recommend it
6,It's worth watching...
2,Alien, who has been frail for 50 years, is simply sloppy to look at after 20 years
1,The poster is so pathetic
2,I almost fell asleep.
6,Cameron Alien was an even greater war
1,The Limits of a 20-Year-Old Movie
3,It used to be a masterpiece, but if you watch it now, it's a movie that lacks sense and is very boring.
1,It wasn't that fun...It's just...Look if you really don't have anything to do.
1,An overrated movie.It seems like the rating operations are involved.8 points is appropriate
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
1,It's good
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
3,The action attempt was good. A work that is very disappointing to Cameron. It's the best graduation in the series.
1,Don't look.
4,Alien thinks there should be no shootout.Only running away creates tension.
1,Top
1,Why is it first place?
1,What is this?
1,I don't understand
1,8 points is appropriate
1,It's too high. Alien, go down!
1,I don't like this either, honestly.
4,I really didn't like it.
1,What's wrong with you guys?Stop at 9 points.
1,Oh, my
1,9.5 is really not.
1,The 1st episode is the best for Alien
1,What do you mean trash is first place?
1,자리로 돌아가!
1,Is this first place? I can't believe it
1,What's wrong with me?
1,This isn't right
1,Score management in management
1,I don't think it's right. Let's get the score right
1,How can I get more than 9 points?Entered rating management
1,It's a mess
1,Personally, I hate SF so much.
1,Are you kidding me?
1,That's too much, though
1,Words are necessary.
5,The movie that makes the main character feel invincible at the end
6,It was fun. A sequel worth watching
1,A perfect score is a bit
1,Oh my... It's a perfect score
6,,,It was a monster movie so I couldn't bear to keep my eyes fixed on the movie.
