인셉션
1,It is very hard to watch a movie, so I think it will be over after 10 years. I love DiCaprio, but the movie's rating is too high, rating control
2,Tell me the Steedus Meni People
3,Oh, it's so boring, the plot is more than necessary, and I forced myself to do it as if I was studying in the Western style. I kept thinking about stopping in the middle
1,That's too much... Worst movie ever...
2,I don't know what you're talking about.
6,I saw it when it was released before and I couldn't understand it, but I still don't understand it
1,It's hard to know if it's far away
2,It's totally boring. turning it off while watching
1,Worst movie ever, from start to finish, a series of ridiculous stories.
3,It was a little fun, but with a story, especially the scenes connected in an improbable way
6,I don't know... It's fun, but I'm negative about Japanese.I think Japanese entrepreneurs are rich and smart, but that's not true.
2,
1,In a dream, in a dream, in a dream... You went too far.
2,The movie with the worst story I've ever seen in my life. Actually, I watched it because the rating was so good, but I couldn't help it because I didn't get a zero point
1,I only say subjective comments.I like Nolan director movies, watched many movies, and this movie was also very well received, so I looked forward to it.By the way,The material was very fresh and unique, and I admit that the actors and actresses are good.The role of DiCaprio as the main character was very frustrating.Obsession is almost psychotic, selfish, putting your team members in crisis several times.Apart from being realistic, it's different for a character who plays the main character of a movie.The frustration struck the play.I wanted to turn it off a few times.
1,I praised him when I didn't know. It's really long, and I thought there's nothing missing from the story directing OST, but I'm so disgusted that I copied everything like this. If I were the original author, I would have been resentful every time I got a compliment from this movie, so I still wouldn't be able to go to the afterlife
4,I saw it for the first time, but the content is harder to understand than I thought.So just two stars...I'll have to watch it at least five times to see it.
1,It stinks ㅜㅜ director said, "I'm this smart!" and made the movie with difficulty to show off my intellectual vanity.I feel bad that I have to give a point to a cheap movie made by a director like this childish, 8th grade syndrome. ㅜㅜ
2,It's so hard. It's an ang.
1,What do you mean 9.6 points! I want to give you 1 pointHaha
1,It is clear that he was inspired by director Gonsatoshi's "Paprika," but it does not go beyond the uniqueness of "Paprika."
6,I'm a fan of the director who was surprised, but it's too hard Sleepy and long -- I tried to interpret it through Naver, but it's too hard Still
5,Personally, it was difficult and boring I had a good imagination, but...
1,It's been a while since time went by like this.
1,Obvious twist useless additional explanations and action scenes drag on loose
1,Sleeping more than being boring
1,Did you all understand? Are you being vain?
6,Maybe it's because I don't like action, but it's not that fun.
6,Honestly, I dozed off because I didn't understand
4,I don't understand.
1,The unique subject of dream is applause, but it was difficult to know the connection of the story. But it might be fun for people majoring in physics.
1,Material, action, acting, and video are all good! But why convince the audience that it was a good movie only when they solved the quiz... Personally, I almost understand, but it wasn't interesting. The rating is too high.
6,There were so many things to see with my eyes, and it was interesting and fun, but the story was more disappointing than I thought. But it was nice to see the Inception that I wanted to see in the theater, not on my cell phone.
2,I tried this three times, but I couldn't understand the story, so I watched it all three times. Even if I increased the number of times, I didn't even go a step further. Those who understood after seeing it once are amazing
5,I agree with the director's imagination! But for me as a commoner, it was too difficult to understand. I can't tell if it's a reality or a dream, and it's a movie that's hard to understand because it's a random story
1,I don't understand, but I think DiCaprio is a nuisance
1,The movie makes me nervous every moment. It's the taste of squid legs It's too much experience
1,If you don't understand after watching this movie, how tough is that? Amazing people. I give you 1 point to watch that movie
2,I tried to watch this movie about 5 times, but I failed because I was bored. It's hard to understand how anyone else got that rating after seeing it through. Just watch the movie Source Code. No regrets.
5,
4,I don't understand the movieㅠㅠ A movie that I didn't find interesting while watching. A movie that I turned off while watching.
6,I'll have to watch it one more time I don't understand
1,Surprised director movies are not my cup of tea. I always get disappointed when I see the score.
1,I'm so mad at you. Why should others die for your love? OOO story
1,I watched it at the movie theater 10 years ago and watched it again in 2020.I saw it then, but I realized the reason why I don't have any memories... It's so boring ㅇㅅㅇ even though it's a 2010 movie, CG is so sloppy...The effects and direction are great, but the CG didn't pay attention because it was produced in analog.
1,Boring and boring
1,The story itself is incomprehensible, so no matter how good the translation is and how good the acting is,Even if the cows are good, they're not fun. I watched it in the middle
1,I wasted a lot and tried to decorate it very fancy, but it looks like I'm looking at a tidy garbage room.There are no dreams, no pictures, no impressions, no admiring scenes.
6,It's all good, but there's a feeling that the ending is fizzling out. It's a movie that can't be said to be a good movie with a powerful mid-to-late story and a good ending, like a 100-meter runner falling 5 meters in front of the final
6,a raucous and noisy When I go into other people's dreams, there's nothing and it's noisy. What's good about it? What... It's good? I heard you fight and kill even in your dreams.
4,The rating is too high. I don't like gel
2,It's not fun. Don't look at it
2,I don't know why it was re-released.
6,If it wasn't fun, I'd be so crude to cross the dream world. It seemed like a lie... It was a good time to try, but the director didn't organize it. It was such a waste of money.
5,I can't concentrate well on the movie, it seems like it's not good for the movie.
6,I don't understand why this movie has such a high rating.Which part is the same point of view...I can't concentrate because I'm confused.It's been a long time since I found myself dozing off while watching a movie.It's a waste to give points, but the acting in the actors' situations...The visual beauty of the situation...Well, that's why... It's a waste of money.It's a waste of time...Why did you win so many awards?He's got a high rating.It's going to be re-screened.I don't understand.I don't know if I'm not good enough.
1,If it's re-opened, maybe you can lower the admission fee.You're making fun of the customers. Are you kidding me?
2,Johnny is no fun. I just want to have a husband like LeoHe's rich, handsome, focused, has a good voice, loves me so much, likes me, and is cute. I don't think so.
1,The production itself is fresh, sophisticated, and colorful. Of course, it's the quality that's not good for movies these days even if it's re-released, but the downside of this movie is that the production is not properly evaluated because it covers the story
2,The content was so difficult that I hardly understood it. It seemed like I needed someone to explain to me
6,I don't know.  I didn't think it was funny.
2,My imagination is amazing
3,It depends on the person.  We were bored.Why was it re-released? It was boring and boring
1,I just watched it and it's not fun.I think only outcasts in the corner of the house who like science fiction are saying it's fun
1,I don't know what to do
6,May I see my son in the 6th grade?
1,I give you a point because of the people who praise you.Objectively speaking, it's the opposite of 8 points, and it's definitely not more than 9.Personally, I don't like the open ending, but I think I made it really well in the second half of the 8th score. The material was fresh.It's an open ending, but you don't understand it, and it's a SF action, so you have to focus on the direction and evaluate it Or are you just ignorant?
6,A film that maximizes the long-windedness of a surprising director. A film whose unique material makes the audience mistake it for an interesting movie.
1,I've seen and felt that the director made it look so cool
6,Well, don't be mistaken that the hair underneath will all be the same as you
1,Is it too much to expect because of the high rating? It's hard to understand because of the OST
2,The one star I gave you is not one. It is the number of stars added over five. Five stars are not enough.
6,Don't think about going to America, think about bringing your child!It's like two digits of the IQ
1,I'm sorry, but a movie itself is a good movie to make the story understandable and interesting in as much as two to three hours; it's a conclusion that you don't have to watch it many times and understand it.It's not funny
2,I'm a movie buff, I like Nolan, I like Leo's acting, but I couldn't get used to this movie and I couldn't watch it.It was just boring and I tried to watch it about 5 times, but I couldn't watch it. It has a good rating, but I don't think it suits me.I didn't want to understand the content and wanted to see it somehow, but I stopped in the middle.A movie that is only good for others' eyes.When I watch it alone, I'll leave a rating
1,It was a difficult movie for me. Maybe it was because the genius director made it. It was so boring I don't understand
1,Isn't it a good movie that is easy to understand even if you watch a movie at once?
6,I should've watched it at the theater
6,A film that shows outstanding production and original interpretation of dreams. It is surprising that the cafe scene, train break-in, and rotating hallway scene were actually filmed. But even after I watched it for the first time, it was still boring to me
1,Watching the movie was unpleasant the whole time
6,DiCaprio is so pathetic.I couldn't escape the reality and I was stuck in purgatory forever
2,Ellen Page...Don't do that. Come to me.Come back.
1,Lotus root is not a Republican.
5,Interstellar, Inception, Dark Knight are all very difficult and boring. Those who look cool and show off their poo might like it
1,It's not fun... I turned it off while watching it.
1,It's an annoying movie.I don't have enough time to dream.In your dreams...The environment overlaps with Titanic 007.I give you 7 points in real life.
1,Open ending, audience looking for disgust
1,The Nuniono and the Euro
1,If you put all the puzzles together, you'll be touched. So I tried to put them together, and the picture looks better
6,It's just a simple interpretation.
5,I watched it once, but it's too hard ㅠㅠ
3,Strictly speaking, it's a difficult and boring movie
1,Isn't it just a mistake to watch a movie that you can understand only when you watch it twice? It's normal to watch it twice because it's fun. Personally, the movie I have to watch again to find the ring is a good movie, and last year, the director said it was a happy ending, but the reason why the top didn't stop after watching it 7 times
6,Well, I want to understand the movie and give a high rating like you guys. Regardless of the ending, it was regrettable that there were many things I didn't understand in the middle. But since everyone says it's a masterpiece, it must be a masterpiece.
6,I didn't watch it because I thought you wouldn't understand
4,OO is a movie. The story doesn't match the subject of Inception, so the sense of immersion is almost zero at the end. The only thing left is the collection of the main character's bait, and each character except for the main character is thrown away once. When I went to the third stage as a product of my unconsciousness, Mel and the main character,
2,Make this a movie?
2,To make poor world-view productions and lame stories plausible, they constantly talk. Let's set the mood, talk, and add-on. It's like watching a poor academic conference presentation.  a work full of bravado
1,To explain the unconscious dream in the first place, all kinds of forced settings such as totem and architect, the story of DiCaprio's wife makes it boring and distracting
1,the final version of a tight squeeze and mob mentality
1,I've read the review and there's no difference from what I understood. What I don't understand is why this movie is a dope movie. I'm so curious of what you're all impressed by. Innocently
6,It was fun and fresh, but...  There is no more impact than Memento.
5,For me, it's memento, it'
1,What movie did you enjoy watching? I'm really curious about how high the level is. Let's share some information
2,I don't know why this crudely squeezed and distracted movie has such a high score.
1,If you really want to see a boring top after Dark Night, I'd rather watch a movie with a lot of fun on Top Blade. This is the real score
2,Masterpiece or whatever, it's not fun for me. I'll watch it for about 20 minutes
5,There's a good story behind it, but...
3,I don't want to see a movie like this twice. I have a headache.
1,I think all the works that surprised me by my taste are not good.
1,I'm not funny. The introduction reminded me of something, so I searched Triangle, and I copied the Triangle woman I saw from the ship that came to land after she fell off the boat, and since then, she's gone from dream to dream, to action, and she's not as good as the Triangle source code
5,I know your imagination, but it's too complicated for my level
6,It's like a dream rather than a dream
1,12 year olds only watch 12 year olds is a waste of time
1,I... Director Lee's movies are all boring. It's interesting that I answered "Tell me the best five boring movies" and it turned out that four of them belonged to director Lee. I'm ignorant.
1,He's good at making movies. But the actress isn't that great. Genesis came out.
1,The person who saw it five times and understood it is really tough head?
1,I write it here so that you can see it. The ones who give 1 point don't understand because they have bad heads LOL
1,How bad is your brain that you can't understand this? I write it down here to look at the idiots
5,I understand, but why was it boring? I saw Interstellar and I was so shocked that I looked it up as part of the Inception.  I watched it until the end, holding back the boring stuff, hoping that one day I'd be touched. Why am I not touched at all? What is this?
1,The set-up is so forced that you can't relate to it at all of a sudden
1,Action Frog. No fun bubble movie
1,a zero-point movie
1,The movie itself is organized and good, and people who don't understand it are ignorant, and it's even more ignorant to give you a point just because you don't understand it, but it's not a funny movie no matter how much you watch it; I want to give you a rating of six to seven, but I give you a point
1,No fun, no fun, no fun. It's a movie where the main characters just sleep. It was so boring that I fell asleep with the actors when they were sleeping LOL. I've been growling for 2 hours~~~
1,It's one point of 11 points.
2,I understand the intentions, but it's just a childish movie It's not fun
6,Story 5, visual 7, directing 6, acting 6. I was surprised by the critics. Especially Park Pyeong-sik. an ordinary masterpieceSix points for a masterpiece. The mainstream score is 3.4/5. 8 points? So I gave it the other way around.
1,SF movie. Not an interesting movie. It's difficult to understand and to understand. A movie that gave up communication with the audience. A film to get the director's idea across. Nothing more. Though the idea itself is ingenious, it does not solve the idea in a funny way. A movie that only maniacs will go crazy.
1,I watched it for about 10 minutes and turned it off.
1,Despite the good material of breaking into subconsciousness and changing thoughts, it was annoying throughout the story because there were many minor contradictions. However, 8 points in that the material is good and the production
1,What does the setting mean?
5,Dark City and Paprika's jjamppong movie
1,A movie worth 100 points, but it is not fun.
5,It's an onion-like movie that has a new interpretation as it opens up
1,I watched it because people thought it was fun, but personally, it was boring and boring It's a waste of time. I hope you don't see people who are not interested in action movies and don't see people who enjoy it with a light heart.
5,It was fun, but the real original was "Paprika" animation by Japanese director Satoshi Gon. There was a real genius...
2,It's hard to understand the relationship between the characters...It's not translated well.
1,I don't know what you're talking about My head hurts. I guess I'm ignorant
4,To be honest, it's not my taste to go into other people's dreams and steal information, but it's very complicated to go into the dream four times, so I can't concentrate well. To be sure, it's not enough to save it on USB and put it as a collection
6,It's childish... I've been watching it for 40 minutes, and I'm getting sick of it I don't think it's a good movie, I don't understand why it's rated high
3,I don't know. Bungsins are just not funny. I never see anyone surprised by the Batman Interstellar rating. .
6,I think it's a little boring, I'm sleepy
6,It's like an elaborate movie, but it wasn't fun. I don't know why there are so many people who like it
6,An ingenious movie. But I'm confused by the sudden production of the dream situation.There was a sense of boredom in the back
6,I think there are a lot of people who are having fun.   Is it necessary to be so complicated?  That's the question. Strangely, I enjoyed watching DIVERSANT similar to this, but it's a treadmill. It's
6,I've seen it about five times, but there's someone who finally understands it. But crucially, I don't feel like watching this movie five times. There are also loopholes in the plot.
1,What's this about? Why did you make the movie so hard? I think Interstellar is much better
1,I want to give 11 points.It's a masterpiece
6,I took out 9 part-time jobs and 1 anti-vaxxer...The average is exactly 6.5.Same as me.
1,What's funny is that everyone just pretended to be cool like water lol Stupid people don't know anything LOL It's a movie that critics will like for a long time lol It's easy to watch, it's easy to get hit by the movie lol It's the end of the story ^^ masterpiece no
5,I'm sorry, but I have no idea what you're trying to say
1,I watched this movie seven times. If you want to understand the movie properly, you can understand what Cove's totem is, why the top doesn't stop in the last scene, why the music for the kick is playing in the endink, and if you watch it again... You're going to do it'
4,Surprised movies can be divided since before Dark Night, all of them are not interesting, the material is difficult, and the explanation is unfriendly To understand the fragmentary events that occur in the movie, the audience has to study their movie in advance, intentionally concealing philosophical messages
1,I want to give 11 points. But I'll replace it with 1 point
5,I understand everything, but it's not fun...
1,DiCaprio is old because he's you ㅠㅠ
1,Genius is a bubble that only cares about the grade
1,A movie that I don't agree with at all.
1,Stars are meaningless, so no matter what you score, you can't evaluate this movie
6,Fresh material and a huge worldview deserve applause, but movies basically need a "powerful message." Instead of leaving actors' performances or brilliant graphics to the audience who sat on the chair for more than two hours, the movie's story is what it wants to tell.
1,I'm not smart, I'm in a dream, I'm in a dream. I got tired of going in like 3 times.
1,It's innovative. It's innovative
1,Worst movie ever...No Fun Movie Top 5
1,The ones who say it's not funny because they don't understand it are just surprised followers lol I guess I don't get along with surprised movies
6,Can you live in ruins alone with the person you love for the rest of your life?
1,Am I the only one who's not funny? I was looking forward to it, but it's really not fun.
1,This is not 1 point. It's 11
6,It seems that there is a slight lack of understanding by solving too complicated structures in a limited time. I think it would have been better if the movie could have been extended a little more and developed slowly.
5,A movie that couldn't give such a high rating
1,That's childish~~~~
1,Even if I understand the content, I don't think it's funny at all. Aside from the original material, the development is a series of boredom. I watched this movie one more time because I overstated that I shouldn't watch it once, but the second time was more boring. If you don't like a movie, you can't watch a movie, and I give you 1 point because the rating bubble is too much.  A movie with a high score of 7 points.
1,I watched it twice, but I still don't know the ending   It's just a mocking movie
1,We already had a dream hundreds of years ago. It's nothing new
1,I want to give this 1 point 11 points.
1,The score is too high. The beginning of the 8 is just right
1,It is a well-made movie that is meticulously made in every corner.The story's sophistication and realistic visual effects are very excellent.Nevertheless, the reason for the low rating is that the exploration of dreams secretly used by ancient wizards was treated as simple entertainment.It's a very dangerous high-level gamble.
1,It's really hard to understand And crucially, it's really boring
1,I tried to watch it three times, but it was so boring that I failed.The setting of the situation is absurd, but if you want to concentrate, it's a dream here. It's a dream in a dream. I hate these cheap twists and tricks and series of movies
1,I was going to sleep because it was so long that I woke up again
1,It's not even a trash movie
1,Boring and boring.I'm
1,Paprika? Surprised, Kim Dog takes the motif from Annie. Inception, Paprika Interstellar Gunbuster ㅉㅉ
3,I'm disappointed. It's not SF, it's like an old drama. It's like a B-rated movie
5,the ability to know without showing
1,Is this fun? I thought it was so much fun, so I watched it and it's trash
1,I slept after watching it a few years ago, but I watched it again because I had to watch it after watching Interstellar, but I fell asleep twice and ended up watching the last scene. What is this? a waste of time
6,10 points is too much. Matrix, other spirits, sci-fi, so you can't get 10 points
6,It wasn't fun, but if it was just a blockbuster, there would be no emotion, no lingering emotions, and one video was accepted.
1,A drama that runs in a hurry with a rough setting
1,Totem doesn't stop in your dreams? In a dream where everything is possible, you keep spinning without stopping the totem? Does a kick have to fall back like that to wake up from a dream? You can't hit him hard on the head? I can only hear that music in my dreams. Does that make sense? You think that's what the God of Surprise said?
1,It's too precious to click half a star. Inception
1,It's so much fun
6,Not good, not good, not good, not good, not good
4,It's such a complicated movie that it gives you courage to commit suicide
1,No, I feel ashamed because I have a high rating. I watched 20 minutes. I just turned it off. The development itself was incomprehensible and boring from the start I feel it. Am I a movie novice? No, I watched a lot of movies. I like reasoning. But this movie is so repulsive. I'm sorry.
4,It's cringeworthy that if anyone asks me about my mistakes in my life, I don't watch Inception at the theaterI'm
3,I'll give you 3 points if you want to win by 0%
1,I didn't have much fun...Of course, I understand But I don't know why I have to do it this long
5,I don't know if it's fun
6,I'm giving you a pretty good rating. It wasn't very good. It's the Hollywood scale, but... There was only a double-track structure and no consideration for the audience. Honestly, time is a waste. It would have been even more boring if you watched a movie like About Time.
6,The last scene was very impressive But that's it
4,The action scene of the balls was worth watching, and Nolan's creative scenario was also excellent. But it's not a hard enough ending to require interpretation? I looked forward to it too much, but I think it led to more disappointment. I don't understand why it's a movie with a nine-point rating
1,I hope you don't make a movie with this tool
1,.... I didn't like it. The rating is higher than I thought
6,I definitely don't like SF movies
1,Next, Africa Dream Root.
1,I'm sorry, but this is the only movie that came out in the middle of the movie. The person who watched it with me was not fun, so no one had to do it first, but I'm surprised that so many people watched it with such a high rating It's really nice. I'll take the time to download it sometime
1,It's kind of boring. There's nothing new in oriental history
1,The reason why it can never be 9 points. Why it can't be a masterpiece. There is a big loophole in the movie. People are stupid, so they just pass by without knowingly. The 8 points range is appropriate.
6,A feast of dreams and reality, consciousness and unconsciousness, and various interpretations. Armed with complex logic, however, does not necessarily make a masterpiece. The truth of reality is sometimes simple
6,You're opening up an open ending, S B
1,Humans have a crazy mob mentality.Do you like this? It's so boring.
1,Personally, I think it's the best bubble movie
1,Four of us went to the theater at 11 p.m. and went to bed five minutes after the movie started -- dog-super-trash movie. Is this fun?
6,Some people think it's sf. It's a mechanized version of what Rude knows, and it's not that complicated
1,I give you 1 point because I don't understand because I'm not smart.
5,It's just a fantasy movie. It's like a kid's imagination. It's not good.Well, it depends on your preference.
1,They want to see this. If they don't understand, is it "Bba-ga"? I saw what you did on TV for a while and it was boring
6,The scale is big and fancy, but it can't be helped if it's boring. At the same time, I enjoyed watching the movie "Butterfly Effect" and I was looking forward to it because the rating was good, but the rating seems to be too much. I gave you 9 points for "Butterfly Effect", but the average score for Inception is 6
1,It's not fun. I haven't watched it since 40 minutes. It's so much fun
1,I heard there was a twist, so I took it, but there was no twist.It's really just the way it goes from top to bottom.I don't understand how this doesn't work
2,I was really looking forward to it. a poor film for one's expectations As I kept going back and forth in my dream that I wished I had twisted it properly, I lost my immersion. Also, I was not impressed when I thought that the action scene was an action in my dream. The increasingly boring movie.
1,ambiguous content with various interpretations
1,You don't understand at once.Are you watching a movie in your head off. Like a brain cpu specification. The topic was interesting but not interesting. Did I expect too much? About 7 points are appropriate and 1 point is given on a rating basis.
5,Wow! From dream to dream, from dream to reality... Only the video was good... What movie? I can't concentrate. Of course it's a personal review, but I wasn't...
1,In a word, an overrated movie...
1,Unbelievable Over-setting It's a profoundly head-painful movie It's a sleepy movie It's a good ending So I tried to reduce it by 5 points But because of the relationship It's too high, The people who gave me 1 point higher Are they a little lacking? Poor humans?
3,Why is the rating so high? Am I weird? It was not as fun as I thought, so I paid for Olleh TV and watched it, but it was more absurd because I was doing it on TV.
1,It's a bulletin board where fraudulent part-timers play. It was a boring, head-ache movie that fell short of Matrix, Titanic, Avatar. I don't know if I erased all the ones that had bad ratings last time.I was completely fooled by the movie "Pyran"'s part-time job rating before, and this is the same thing.
3,It's a movie that's really boring, boring, and you have to think a lot. It was like watching a video lecture to take an exam. It was a movie that fell short of Titanic or Avatar.
2,I tried it twice, and I saw both of them, and I thought that the immersion part was weak, and of course I did innovation
1,To compare grossly overrated films and directors, basically directing skills, I watched directors like Fernando Meireles, Michael Hanake, and JJ Abrams.   If you watch the movie of the surprised director, you can't even feel the tension
6,It's not a very interesting movie or a very novel topic, but it's a movie that made it come out well. It's worth watching if you rerun it on cable around Chuseok.
2,Praise for the great scenario, except for the production that was too far-fetched from time to time Eight points!
1,Do you really like movies like this? shivering
1,It's...
1,People who watched it together said it was fun, but I didn't understand anything LOL I have no idea what it's aboutLOL
1,As expected, the rating is unbelievable. Only a few of the movies with more than 9 points are actually interesting
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I'm missing the most important loyalty
1,The rating is 8 points
1,For those who are obsessed with looks, this is a total surprise...An open ending in a ridiculous scenario written by a director with 8th grade syndrome...It's more fun than "Gag Concert"
5,It's kind of fun, but the story doesn't fit me well
1,What a waste of money
1,I think it's a movie that's definitely divided between likes and dislikes.I can understand all the contents of the movie, but I think it is the worst movie I have ever seen.I don't like science fiction that is not realistic. I rarely watch this movie. a long absence of inspiration
4,Even though it was a movie with nothing to think about, it was not a bad movie that would be liked by those with a lot of intellectual vanity who create forced thoughts.
1,The best is the worst movie I've ever seen.
1,I've had so many regrets in my life, and one of them was watching Inception.
6,'Dream in a dream' was a good material, but after watching the movie, it gives confusion to the audience. Mysterious and open-minded, I don't think it's the best consideration for Hats or Irrigation, but with all due respect, I hope you will make the end of the movie into a DVD version, the best movie and the worst movie in my life
5,Too much imagination to be relied upon to be large and free-spirited, but too complex, too sophisticated, too organic to explain
1,I watched it without captions, and it was worth watching
1,Well... I felt a little bored explaining the world view until the middle of the day.If you think it's fun, there are people who think they're good at it, so I think I need to adjust the rating. Around the beginning of 8 points
1,It's a movie that's perfect for Korea. Who says this kind of movie is fun? I think people who don't understand have a lot of problems with their IQ
1,It's not fun. The rating of 7 is appropriate, so you have to get off
1,I was curious about the whole story, but I couldn't because it wasn't fun
2,It is clear that it is a well-made movie with a unique material, but the video is too random and the material is unique, but the reality is Andromé.It may be thought that it is distracting, less immersive, and somewhat difficult to understand, but it is surprisingly simple.tWhat do you think?
6,Memento's shock doesn't seem to be the answer.I just felt that it was a movie that I didn't need to watch because it was artificial
1,I didn't think it was fun.
6,Garbage character composition, urgent development in preparation for long running time... A six-point movie.
1,Ah, it's so funny I just wasted my time
5,I met a woman like the weather today, her face was white, her hair was fluttering in the cold wind, she was cool, the sunshine was falling, she was sitting on the park bench talking about this and that, and then she realized she wouldn't stop spinning a coin next to her by the time she touched her lips
1,What? Am I the only one bored?The material, production, and development are not great, and the ending is not a detailed story, but it seems like it's dense because there are many loose stories on top of it, but I saw it because it was so crazy...-ㅅ-
1,That's too much of a bubble. Christopher Nolan... It's already a boring subject...
1,What the hell is so funny about this? -_- It's boring and I can't get into it. Dream in a dream, dream, dream, dream, dream, dream, what do you want me to do?;;;;
3,In the dream of Nolan, it's just...
3,I'm not impressed because I've been looking forward to it so much.Don't look forward to it
2,Boredom
2,Whether it's fun or not, I don't understand this movie well because I don't understand it well. I don't recommend people like me who don't understand.
3,I don't think I'm cut out for this director. The Dark Knight isn't that fun either. It's hard to understand the content at once.
1,It was my first time downloading a movie on Naver and I wasted money.  The resolution is really bad and it's for collection, but it only plays when there is NAVER play.
1,You have to pretend to understand and applaud the naked king for being cool
6,It was fun as SF or action, but I thought the content was too distracting and complicated, so I thought it was a bit crude
1,It's like having a dog dream
6,The development was too long
1,This one and the dark night one with the highest rating. It's not fun at all. What kind of hero do you want?There's no "Ep
1,To be honest, it's not that boring, but it's not that fun. It's just that people say it's fun because it's fun because people say it's fun Honestly, I'd like to give you six or eight points, but everyone does it all, which is why 1 point!
5,It's good to immerse yourself in it, but it's not the last question of the CSAT. There's nothing too complicated. It's not a movie where you sit down and watch it comfortably. It's hard to understand. -_- Video beauty and scenario
4,be far-fetched and boring
1,The most boring movie I've ever seen. Inception... I tried five times to watch it until the end, but I couldn't watch it until the end, and I slept in the middle... I still don't know the ending. Is this really fun? Why do I keep sleeping in the middle?
5,You don't have anything to do, but before you go to sleep, you give me a point on the disk and it looks like you're going to kill time
6,If psychologists and psychiatrists watch it, it would be a very sloppy movie.  But since it was novel. Freud's theories have become almost all about to be destroyed, but his attempts have been quite grand. But the Inception is that five books of psychology are enough...
5,You said what you thought first
6,Am I a butterfly? Is it me?
1,I'm just saying that you and I are having fun
6,After watching a few Nolan movies, I felt a similar seasoning for the first movie
5,It's a bit distracting and boring, and even though I understand it, it feels like it's overpackaged
4,A work to be rewatched after the bubble has lifted
5,Stories are difficult
1,Nolan! You can make Batman or just a housekeeper!I made it look cool. You're good at making the empty movie Batman
1,Nolan genius? I would make a movie that is this sloppy. If other people like it, Koreans are flocking
1,Honestly, is this fun? It seems to have been forced into a ridiculous story; it's just a psycho film
6,A complicated, elaborate, but crude film that comes to mind. Only the top scene is good.
5,Why is this funny?
6,Overrated work Hyundai saved the movie
5,Director Nolan is a genius director?Planting thoughts...Inception? You're playing with the top. This movie?K
1,Go to the level of eight
1,A movie that scored 9 points because of the people who want to look vain and pretending to be knowledgeable
5,I was looking forward to it because it was a masterpiece. It wasn't as fun as I thought
1,Top blade top. Don't stop spinning.-ㅡ
2,It's a movie that's like a dog's poo with a rare bubble! I'll give you two points because of Hans Zimmer
1,Ah, the movie is too complicated and I don't understand what it is about.I think I understand 3 to 40 percent of the movie;
1,a bubble film with shallow philosophical considerations I want to give you about 5.5, but I only buy one.
4,It's complicated and difficult. They're all snipers and a hundred. The last scene lasts a long time. I'm so...
1,It's not funny
1,I thought my hair was going to pop while thinking about the ending.It's too twisted.
1,Boring and boring
4,Maybe it's because I have a headache, but I can't understand what it's about, so I can't concentrate
6,Let's be honest and not see a single person explaining the film properly for those who enjoyed it; I don't understand Dam
4,The story is too difficult
6,The material is good, but it is too superficial. I can't feel the depth of emotion.
6,It's just... I think the rating is too high
1,The people who give 10 points saw it once at the theater and gave it 10 points, right?It's terribly difficult.
6,It's 6 points
1,I don't know what's best
2,It's not funny because I don't understand--
6,Well, that's about it for me
5,agree with Jin for the first time
2,I need to read a lot of books ㅠㅠ I don't understand at all...I think the movie is well made
6,to obtain high-tech magic on the premise of complete aesthetic failure
4,I don't know if it's because I'm young, but...I don't understand. I'm so immersed
1,It's so boring...;;; You need to be funny to get into the story.
1,Even the cliché material scenes are the worst movie ever that is intellectually hollow and emotionally convoluted
3,Why do I have to rack my brain to study and understand while watching a movie? This movie is too difficult.
5,It's boring from the middle
1,Honestly, it's not fun.
1,I don't usually write things like this, but it's really a trash movie
6,I was looking at the middle, but I stopped. I need a lot of hair Where is reality?
6,He said he regretted it without looking at it, but he regretted it after seeing it. I was looking forward to it.
6,Unnecessarily complicated and crude, pedantic, unnecessarily compelling, hi.
1,pretentious people
6,Nolan is always difficult.
1,Why was it so boring for me?
6,I wonder what it would have been like if it had come out as a novel. I'm annoyed because the movie requires understanding
1,I watched it twice, but I don't understand. Why did you make this movie? I've seen this twice. I'm OO
1,Understanding
4,Material Goggles Nightmare Matrix Intermediate
3,Is this the best you can do -_-
1,It's hard to understand. crying
4,I want someone to put the movie description in my head
1,I dozed off. I don't know what it was like back then, but I judge by the "present"
5,I tried it three times and I saw it through.It's a little complicated.
6,The subject is interesting, but because of the boring words...
1,DiCaprio! Actor Who Insulted Korea!So, zero points is reasonable in Korea!
6,I just wanted to see it. It was hectic and annoying.
5,I think it's enough to turn it off after 30 minutes
5,It's 5 points because you gave me a lot. It's so boring.
2,I don't know what it's about.It's kind of boring
1,I don't even know what it's about
5,It's boring and hard to readIt's not hard at all. Was it because I was looking forward to it?
1,I wanted to push him away
1,Oh, I wasn't having fun; I was just bored -_-;
1,A movie that I couldn't watch even if I tried to watch it until the end. It's really not funny.
6,Honestly, it's like we planned a story that doesn't make sense.
5,He made fun of me
5,The story is really hard to understand; what's the end of it; is it real or a dream?
6,It's new, but it's kind of forced, so it was boring
2,Bored and difficult
1,I don't know why this movie is more than 9 points
4,Although it is a fresh material, it is generally distracting and has a rather high rating
6,A difficult movie...I'm watching and sleeping
5,It's so hard...
1,A rating achieved by the illusion of the audience who think it is excellent if it is pedantic and difficult to understand
1,There is a lot of foam. Early to mid-eight is good
6,It was a good try,
5,It was interesting, but it was my first time to sleep than a movie.
1,It's boring and I can't sleep. It's a part time job
1,All through the movie, I feel like I'm going to hit you in the back with something weird at the end. As expected...
1,Not funny
4,As a movie...Of course, I understood the movie. I don't understand people who give high scores.
6,Sanctions are brilliant, but... I can't understand the story ㅠㅠ
6,It was hard to understand for me as an IQ man.Ellen Page was so jealous and pretty
3,It's fun, but it's not for me.
1,It's not that hard, but I had to think twice, so the action was smeared
1,Just.
5,It has ideas and splendor, but there is no lingering, touching, or message.
1,Hilarious
1,I don't know why this movie has more than nine points. A movie that's getting more and more off topic
1,A movie like OOOO. The worst movie in the middle of a movie like crazy new strand
1,There are so many 10 points... There needs to be a point. 10 points is too much
1,9.12 is excessive and about 8 is appropriate. It's boring because the running time is long.
1,Don't look at me. I'm just staring at you.Really
1,The first movie that I ever slept in was boring!
1,Don't cover Conan...
5,A movie that can move the mind. I'm not sure about the emotions
1,a predictable and predictable ending clichés of boredom
6,Somewhere, I think I saw a movie. For some reason, what do you think of Avatar?-,-;ㅡ,ㅡ;
1,I'm against this rating!
6,The material is good, but it's too easy. below expectations
1,Totally boring!
4,The content is just too difficult.
1,It's better to write a rating, but I don't know why it's so high. I'm bored and sleepy.It's really not fun
1,She fell asleep while watching this at the theater. Am I the only one who's weird?
1,It's not fun...
6,I don't feel like it ^^;;;
4,a complicated and promiscuous nature
6,Huge scale, brilliant material.Stable breathing, but I didn't want to understand or sympathize
1,an irritating movie
6,There's a lesson in brilliant ideas, but dreams in dreams? x3 x4? I'm so confused that I'm going to sleep and die. The stars are so generous
1,Surprised brother, I'm surprised this time. What a piece of crap. It's a small Homo diCaprio.
1,It's not funny. It's a ridiculous set up by the director. It's like kids falling for it.
4,It made the fools go crazy.  a film full of barnacles
6,I've never seen such a difficult movie. I understand roughly, but I can't figure out the whole thing
2,Is a butterfly dreaming of me or am I dreaming of a butterfly? It's called "The Butterfly Fantasy".
5,I don't understand why movies make me a genius
1,The movie is complicated, but the detailed explanation is not enough. Originally, I want to give it about 8.5, but..
4,Memento is better than I expected
1,I don't understand. I don't even know what to say. Don't make a movie like this. Make it easy
5,The material is really good...............................................................
1,This is fun? It's hard to understand? Stupid guys are gonna be funny
6,Don't play with the top
5,The material is good, but the development method is a little boring. If you want to enjoy it without thinking, you'd better not watch it.
5,Honestly, it's boring.
6,I tried to deliver so many things, but it didn't get delivered
5,It's a contradictory movie that doesn't add up. There are too many stories missing.
5,It is a disaster that there is not a single element to complement an explanatory and tedious scenario and a shambolic CG
1,I don't know if this is worth more than nine points.
6,I understand roughly, but I don't know I was a little annoyed
5,I watched it once and the content was so annoying that I watched it twice, but it's the same
6,Am I the only one who doesn't know what I'm talking about?
6,6.5 points ㅠㅠ half the boredom I didn't have to look...ㅠㅠ Fooled by a part-timer
6,A fan of Nolan, but Inception was nothing more than Matrix + Titanic
1,It's all good, but it's hard to understand, and there's nothing left in my memory after seeing it
2,Boredom
4,It's annoying. Dream, dream, dream... Mementor.Inception is all too overrated and surprised.
6,In the face... It feels empty
1,OOO's as good as the claws of a matrix
1,It's a good movie, but it has a lot of bubbles. It should be in the 8-point range
3,I looked at the ratings and looked forward to it.Why am I not so good?
1,It's complicated
5,I didn't feel much fun
5,They say it's fun, but imaginative, but for me, it's just a predictable story
2,I focused on it, but it wasn't that interesting, but the scenario is really genius
1,It's been a while since I saw a string movie. I can't relate to why they fight, and it's an unkind movie of surprise
5,It's boring. It's not fun. Did I live too long?
1,How much did you get paid for the movie that you slept in the movie theater?Can I have a seat, too
6,I almost thought it was complicated because there's no fixed meaning in this movie.
6,So what do you want me to do? Surprised hyung seems to have a talent for making movies boring
1,More than 5! There's no reason to get sick while watching the movie
1,I thought the movie was going to explode after watching it for 10 minutes
6,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? I guess I didn't meet your expectations
6,Metrix Smith World-initiated Field Syndrome + Vanilla Sky Lucid Dream Guide Application = Inception
5,It's a Hollywood-style movie about misunderstood Yoon Sa-sang
3,Complicated ideas, distracting composition, uninteresting
6,It's a movie with three stars. It's just a movie about dreams, unconsciousness, and reality.
5,He in Inception is much more attractive than Leo in Titanic. However, I agree with Jin Joong-kwon's comment.
1,Let's take out the foam. 8.3 is just right.
5,The vision that Kronenberg showed a long time ago and even rehashed himself.
6,A movie that is hard to finish in two and a half hours. Looking forward to a 3 to 4 hour supervisory board
4,Imagination is an ingenious but annoying imagination.
1,Don't make this movie, the Dark Knight is trashy too
5,Well, it was fun, but it was kind of dizzy.
5,I'm so sleepy to see you at night. Go to sleep
4,I don't think it's an old movie, but it's exaggerated. A movie worth exactly eight points.
4,an exaggerated film
1,To be honest, it was very boring and I couldn't make it look like a jade
1,It's a work that's so twisted that it's...5-6 GPA is appropriate...
3,The medicine man persuaded the contents of the box. Are you druggists? What's wrong with the rating?
6,I don't know if it's because I saw it when I was bleeding...I'm sleepy
6,It was strange because there was no probability, but the visuals and suction power were great
1,The rating is too high I think 5 or 6 would be enough
3,The movie is so distracting. Don't look forward to it...
4,I don't know if it's because the content is hard... I don't think it's fun...
6,I don't know what the hell's fun about it, it's not tense at all, it's boring
1,Why am I not funny? Is it the average time? Part-time job?
4,below expectationsI can't get into it. It's not a fantasy in a dream fantasy.This.
6,The disappointment that didn't meet my expectations...
6,Crowd psychology with the ingenious creativity of stealing thoughts
1,I'll turn it off when I'm bored.I saw it thanks to Safak
6,As much as expectations were high, disappointment was great.
6,Maybe because I was looking forward to it so much, it wasn't good.  Overall, depression. The last twist(?) is a bit cliche
3,-- boredom
5,It was just a good idea
1,Not funny at all
1,I'm dizzy
1,Such a masterpiece is a true movie
1,People said it was really fun, so I watched it, and there were parts that were hard to understand
1,below expectations
1,I don't know what's funny. Memento was fun to use his brain, but not this one.
5,I don't know what you're doing, but only the video was cool -_-;;
6,I don't like... Dark Knight... and...I guess this doesn't suit me.
1,A movie that you have to watch while having a meeting with the person next to you... Surprised director! I didn't like him since Dark Knight
3,The movie is so boring! Honestly, it's not funny compared to the reviews.
6,I think I tried to make it difficult because the movie is not smooth
6,It's so hard... but I think it's well made
1,I don't understand the movie!
1,I will never watch DiCaprio again.
1,I was watching OOO graduation because I was bored
1,Boring and boring -- a waste of money
4,Oh, I'm so bored.
1,You'll get in trouble. DiCaprio's been ruined since the Titanic
5,To be honest, they said they didn't expect it.
4,I was really not funny... I was really not funny...
6,What is your physiological phenomenon during the two weeks you spent dreaming with your wife (50 years in your dream)?
1,There is really a part-timer on NAVER.
2,It's hard. I don't like this kind of thing. The topic was fresh.
1,It's hard
5,I was looking forward to it because it was fun, but I slept in the middle, I slept. -_- Leonardo DiCaprio name value.
1,Why is the rating so high? If it was a really difficult movie, I hate this
1,I was about to dream. I don'totally.
5,It's not my cup of tea. It's very subjective.
1,Movie genre-bewildered sf mystery Now I think all kinds of movies are coming out No bottom or end
1,Sleeping pills, no matter how hard I try not to doze off,
1,Girlfriend curses, I curses, friends curses, and it's a really boring movie
1,Bubble
1,Fooled by ratings... I slept in the theater and came here...
1,I hope Hollywood will wake up from the nostalgia of the Matrix
5,It's a movie that doesn't even make it to the tip of the Matrix
4,It's just a mess. A sad movie that lost its focus and tension. As expected, it's a middle school movie.
6,I admit it's a big scale -_- well, I have to understand..-_- Even if it's an open ending... stuffy
6,It's fun, but not much. Did I expect too much?
1,It's better to see Conan while eating ramen every time I see it; dream in my dream and repeat this
6,Ah, I try to look at it and it doesn't come out...Boredom
1,Just OOOO movie Jonathan Nolan because it was a movie without participation, it without participation
6,It's just one of the best movies to watch in 2010.
4,incongruous and contrived I don't have much to think about. It's just an action.I hate music the most
1,I slept while watching this, but it's not fun. And I stopped them from seeing my friends
1,Understanding
1,People who say it's funny are people who pretend to be smart
5,I watched it three times, but all three times I got Inception than the movie. It's a movie that I can't stand falling asleep
6,The other person did not understand? I understood. So movies are fun?
6,A movie with high expectations poisoned... I like the fresh material. The trailer is all about it
3,Your score is high. I didn't think it was funny
1,I wasn't having fun. Why is it so hard to watch a movie?
6,The sound of La Festa tube is so bad. It was worse than the 5.1 sound of the PC and ruined the movie.
1,Let's turn it down. It's the first time I've ever had a part time job.The story is fresh, but it's not fun
4,To be honest, I went to see my mom, but I started from the middle LOL
1,I slept well. What a waste of money~~
1,Totally boring and I don't know what it's about
5,Did you expect too much?It was fun but boring...
1,I didn't expect it, but... I don't think this kind of movie suits me. Bored
1,I'm lowering my horoscope
