마이클 잭슨의 디스 이즈 잇
1,"The face, the face, the face, the face, the face, the face, the face, the face,"
1,invigorate flowering and flowering and scientific and chemical industries
1,All the other expenses. Playboys, everybody, each other.
5,I watched it, and I think it would be better to watch it after watching Michael's performance. But the female guitarist is pretty.
1,마이클 잭슨-빌리 진
6,This is how Michael Jackson prepared
1,Isn't this just too much of a fan's heart? Let's start the rating adjustment.
6,a piece of work whose value depends on the viewer's view
5,It's all a rehearsal scene
6,I saw it 3 years ago, but it was a waste to pay for it
1,Michael Jackson's death special
1,I don't think Michael Jackson always gives you 10 points
1,Unless you're a big fan of Michael Jackson, this movie is a bit... Most of them are rehearsals
5,not much
3,If it was a live performance, 9-10 points
1,Really, it is the most trashy movie on earth.
1,The movie itself was not very impressive. Only the longing of his heyday remains.
5,Egon Schile - Dead men have no words.
1,Don't look
1,As someone who really likes Michael, I don't think this should have been made.
2,I don't think Michael Jackson always gives you 10 points
1,If you're not a fan of Michael Jackson...
4,It was good, but the score was too high.
1,It was boring because it was a rehearsal or not a finished work
6,Don't give me a rating on Michael Jackson, give me a rating on the movie, For His Fans
1,Michael Jackson, I know it's great, but it's not a movie.Why is this in NAVER movies?
1,What's this? - Feet. Is this a movie?
1,What's the difference between a handsome terrorist attack and a rating like this?
5,It's just a documentary.
1,Is this a masterpiece?
1,Does this movie want to be a national disgrace? The score is unnecessarily high?
5,It's easy to make money. I'd rather watch Man On Wire twice
1,National University of Korea University?
1,Let's put everything aside. The national team is the best
1,Rest in peace.
1,Is this a documentary?
1,Is this also a movie? Long live the national team!
1,Can you call it a movie?
1,The national team is the best
1,How can you get the same score as the national team?Absurd.
1,Is this a music video? The national team is the best!
1,Is this a movie?
1,Not really
5,The icon of the time that became a legend, the last flame that the emperor couldn't make, which was pop itself.
5,It's not that fun because it's a documentary. I looked forward to it and I was disappointed.As expected, this kind of movie is interesting...
6,Michael Jackson got 10 points, but the movie wasn't that great
6,Just give me 5 points
1,Michael Jackson got 10 points. Movie got 0 points
1,Why is this 9 points?
1,Why does this have a rating of 9 points?
6,Let's not vote for him, let's just buy another record
1,I don't know why I saw this. It's not touching, it's not fun, and I accept the dance. Please adjust the score
4,Exclusive documentary for MJ fans that is good to see without brains
1,If I were alive, I wouldn't be able to get this rating
1,I'm bored because I'm not a fan
6,It's just...
1,Money, this is...
5,A "photographed copy" disguised as a documentary that commercialized Michael Jackson's death
6,It's fun
1,without any hesitationally
1,not much
1,I'm gonna cry
2,It came out in less than an hour. Boring documentary
1,excessive packaging
1,No words needed!!!
1,I don't know why my horoscope is high. Michael Jackson's name?Are they hatchlings?
1,I want this to be categorized separately from movies
4,I like them all, but is the director Jackson Paddol? I think it's too glorified, but it's unrealistic
1,What is this?
5,I felt like a true musician, but I was a little bored.
1,What... Why is this so high?
1,With the national team, the one who ruins the ranking of NAVER movies
1,Yes?ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,I don't recommend it
1,The best in the national team
1,Not only is it very boring and boring, but why is it showing in theaters? What a waste of time
1,Well;;;
6,I'm not a fan, but someone who gives me 1 point because it's not a bad movie.What is it?
1,Personally, I don't like it
1,This is a fan movie
1,Throw it out.
1,A movie that only Michael Jackson fans can watch
1,Not really...
1,It's fun... But I really enjoyed watching the national team
5,In the beginning, it was worth watching, but it was very boring
1,What is it... lol
1,I think only MJ fans should watch it.
1,It's boring.
1,I'm not a fan of MJ either. I was bored and I was the only one who slept during the screening.It's such a waste of money.
1,The movie that was boring to me...
1,I wish it was just a documentary show.It seems too commercial to be released as a movie.
1,There's no jam. What a waste of money ㅠㅠ
1,Personally, I'm not a fan of MJ. It was boring for me. ;;
1,It was fun, but... I was a little bored because I wasn't interested.T
1,It was really boring for me who didn't know Michael JacksonT
1,Michael Jackson is cool, but it's a waste to make a movie like this
1,It's more like a collection of music videos than a movie.;,,,,,.
1,I'm going crazy
1,I can't believe this is number one. c;;
1,It's not that bad?
1,I didn't even dance to videos before the concert
1,an ordinary rehearsal I was really looking forward to it. I don't understand why you call me a genius! Someone please explain
1,It's just a curiosity-provoking use of Michael Jackson's death. It's like a music video collection.
5,Nothing more than just tying up the rehearsal scene.
1,It's not fun or touching
1,so, that
1,It's good, but it has a high rating
6,This is Bola. I went to Bupyeong at night and saw it.I get bored while watching it.I couldn't hold it for an hour
6,Just Human Theater - Michael Jackson Concert Rehearsal for Fans Only
1,They say it's good for Koreans.
1,It's really cool, but it's not 9.55, but about 6-7?
1,It's good, but... it'd be better to see his own performance.
1,It's great, but not 9.41.
1,Let's cut the rating a little bit. It's too much -- 10 points;
1,Just watch old people in their late 20s and early 30s or Michael Jackson fanatics. It's really boring
1,There is no need for words. the worst
6,It reminds me of my childhood
1,You think Michael Jackson is cool when you see the video, but please don't show me the movie
5,It's not Michael Jackson's generation. I'm bored to death. It would be nice for the fans to see ㅜㅜ
1,Maybe it's because I'm not from Michael Jackson's generation. I'm so sleepy.crying
1,-- It's the worst...  I'll sell it to Michael's fans on DVD. What a waste of money
1,please
1,It's just so-so
6,If you're not a fan, you're just looking at it out of sympathy... Hmm...
6,The latter part was boring, but his passion and dance were magnificent.
1,John 1 is so funny. It's so much fun to see this movie beat the national team
1,Kellyrm There are boring people who are boring and not funny What do you mean? I feel more sorry for you thinking like that
1,You can never beat the national team!
4,It was boring for an hour and a half, and it was worth watching for about 30 minutes in the second half
1,the worst.
1,Ugh... What the hell is that? There's a reason why I'm getting off after a week.
1,If you know Michael Jackson well, just watch it for your fansㅠㅠ I'm so tired of it and I slept well.ㅠㅠMy money ㅠㅠ
1,Why is the rating so high?-- My goodness... I trusted the ratings and watched it, but it came out for the first time than the movie.
1,I almost died because my friend insisted on seeing Good Morning President. Really ㅜㅜ
4,It wasn't fun, so I slept with my girlfriend with my hair folded -_-...
1,Well...
6,It was supposed to make Jackson and the supporting actor shine. No one ever shined.
5,It's a movie documentary that fans watch, so the objectivity of the rating seems to be low, and it's two weeks.
1,It was boring to see if I didn't know much about him and I didn't get anything
1,It's not fun, so I'm fiddling with my phone
1,Those who gave me 10 points out of 777 before me are probably huge Michael Jackson fans
1,The sound of airport cgv was not good.
1,.........................-;;;;;;;;;;;
2,Michael Jackson is dead. Movie lovers and record companies make money out of this.
1,There's nothing to do in the house, so it'll be perfect when you kill time
1,It's not that...
1,You're cheating. Jackson's not dead.It's MJ's performance. Jackson is still alive
6,I think it's okay, but it's not enough because it's rehearsal
4,It wasn't really funny to be honest
1,It's not that fun...
5,Aah…...
1,I'm too old to be impressed. I'm sorry, Michael. -_-
1,The only thing I can say is that I'm the best
3,You just have to shut up and watch This is over 10 points
1,Sounds perfect.
1,I'm the truth.
6,Shut up your part-time job. First of all, Michael Jackson's bone marrow fan or yawn, it's like it's gonna happen
1,What kind of crazy Michael Jackson is a god-------------------------------
1,Enjoy~
1,a poo-like documentary
1,It's not good.
1,I endured with patience for an hour, but then I lost my mind. I strongly recommend it to MJ fans
1,I'm sorry, I'm not funny. A prize that only mazack mania can enjoy?
1,It's not fun.
