헬프
4,Help me
4,I know what the movie is trying to convey, but it is not very touching and the sense of immersion is not good because it is a boring topic.
6,a film about the lives of black housekeepers in the United States.S
6,It was worth watching It's true that it's boring
1,Oh, I feel sorry for black people. When I go to America, do you know that black people who feel sorry for you discriminate against Asian people the most?
2,Not the story of discriminated black people, but the story of white people pitying them. It's like Japanese colonial era Chosun where Japanese appear as the main character in a movie made by JapaneseLOL
1,a disgusting film of deceitI endured nausea throughout the running time. a black film about white goodness and success I think the story was possible because it was a movie before OO.
6,They say it's filthy to use the bathroom with black people, and they let their children raise food for them, and white people of that time were selfish
2,America in the 60s and 70s is gorgeous and really pretty. If you think about it, black people did bad things a lot in the movie, but they all glorified it. a black-hearted There's nothing to watch except for the visual beauty. Black people are bad, like a black movie. Moreover, the editor pays $8 a week and the black pays $184 a month? I have no idea why the rating is high. an emotional movie
6,I don't know, but white <black <black> is very racist in the order of yellow <black> Is it not time to worry about black people or have you heard of OO Asian? I guess I am the only one who is annoyed by foreign languages these days
1,It's touching, but it's too loose. It has a high rating
5,I'm emotionally dry. It's not funny or sad
4,It's a movie that contains the idea that the white people who captured, enslaved, and eventually saved him are white, and that the white people have an absolute advantage.be strangely unpleasant
1,Open the way for scientific research.
1,Code for the division of labor unions in black parks in sports countries
6,Is this for real? Did you show me that you stole the ring?
5,All the actors in the movie were good at acting.
6,It is typical without anything special, but it leads a long running time well without much omission.
6,A movie like this will make the world a little nicer. Very little, though. The background and characters that seem too peaceful are somewhat fairytale, but the fun is certain
5,Hollywood's beloved "Magic Negro" feast
1,I heard black people don't like this movie, crap emotional movie, fantasy movie
1,A typical emotional movie with racism. However, from my experience living in the United States, black people are a race that does something that deserves to be racist against themselves.  There are statistics that 80% of black people are ex-convicts...  It's the Asians who are really being racist.
5,I can't believe this sentimental movie with nothing new is still popular
6,It was somehow fun.
6,It would have been a good intention. Nevertheless, what does the fact that the main character and hero were white lovers mean? In other words, black people have proved to be the most racist country with inevitable poor DNA.
1,The rating is way too high. I just saw it, but it's not that bad
1,What are you trying to say?
6,A movie that had good message and acting but was not so much fun in significance
5,To be honest, I don't know how to watch movies. He's just someone who thinks it's funny. As expected, this was fun. But it was boring. This is perfect
1,It's a good message, but it's a horrible frame that the main character, white, enlightens black people.
1,Why did I see this?
1,It's not a 9.34 GPA.
5,The message to society with the theme of black discrimination was good, but it was a little boring because the running time was long.
1,To lower the bubble on the rating... It is a good content, but the movie is boring.
5,I can't give you that big a rating
6,It was instructive and the acting was great, but I couldn't help being bored.
1,8.2 A moderate rating. So I'm going to peel it.
6,The message is progressive, the story is nice.
1,I think I know a good movie, but it's a bit boring ;; The last part is touching
1,Well, it's not a very interesting movie.
1,I know it's a good movie, but it wasn't fun. an obvious story I think the rating is too high
1,NAVER's rating is "I'm going to give 10 points to a moving movie, and I'm going to give a dung point to a horror movie. This movie is a small score
6,Ending actor order. I don't understand...Emma Stone is just my style ^^;;;
1,It's not to this extent, but it doesn't come out that pretty
2,It is based on a true story, but there are basically many forced expressions. And it's very boring.
3,I can fully relate to the material and the message and purpose of the movie, but I think 9 points is too much in that the impact and tension immersion are far away. I felt the lack of energy from the perspective of solid composition and meticulous development. Throw a score for rating adjustment.
1,A movie that gets immersed but yawns, there was no yawning movie
5,Black people vent their resentment with autobiographical essays. The end...
1,I think the 7,8 point range is appropriate
1,I'm sleepy. I'm bored
1,I watched it well, but 9.3 isn't a good
1,9.32 is Evada
1,It's nice
4,It's a good movie, but I didn't like it.I liked the last scene. I think color purple was better in a similar genre.
1,Well, I know what you're trying to say.I don't think it suits me.I don't understand. There are some random scenes and I skip the running time.7,I think 7, 8 points are appropriate, so I'm not happy because I lowered the rating
1,It's not special
4,I wasn't moved enough to cry.I was bored for 2 hours.
4,Typical deterrent ....
6,This movie certainly doesn't fit our country It is a useless movie in our country, only with high ratings. It is much better to watch a movie about multicultural families
2,American cultural film; out of tune with Korean sentiment.No empathy, no feeling, no appreciation at all
6,A typical human drama.a good performance
6,a film that pointed out the problems of the time
3,Well, it's a good movie, but it's over 9 points.
1,It's a dirty movie
1,No words needed
3,I don't like the ending
4,I thought it was the most boring movie about black discrimination.
4,I'm not revealing the truth, I'm revealing the movie. The movie has 4 points
5,All right, but it's long.
1,It's so-so.
5,It wasn't funny.
1,Doing something else with my girlfriend in the DVD room LOL Movies are so boring
6,You have to learn to live
6,Hollywood's proprietary humanism
5,The feeling of losing balance and rushing to convey lessons and impressions in the absence of absolute good and absolute evil
6,It was boring because it was a bit calm.
1,NAVER's rating for touching puffed rice... Please, don't rate the sentimental little ones
3,It's boring. Emotional movie
1,The material is good, but I can't handle the material carefully, and it's so boring
1,It's different because there are a lot of brainless charcoal zombies. It's first place
1,The height of boredom... Touching?
4,-- It's not even fun. It's very long
1,The first movie I fell asleep in was so boring, but it was too obvious and I couldn't understand why it had such a high rating
1,Sorry, I kept yawning while I was watching
5,Black problem. It's a little far for Koreans to relate to. I think the Jewish story would be more touching
1,Rating. It was boring
6,A bit unnatural conflict and regret of confrontation
1,That's not funnyLOL
1,The rating is too high It's for rating.
5,It's nothing like the old American movie Racial conflict is the same
3,Maybe it's because of the high expectations, but regardless of the content, I couldn't concentrate and it was so boring
3,Why was I so bored? I was looking forward to it
5,If it's "Nice" movie, can I get high ratings? a fair evaluation
6,Don't think twice, it's right, two-wheeled car original
1,ㄴI'm sick of it
5, feel sleepy
4,a film depicting Yankee dichotomous logic from an emotional perspective
6,You don't need to listen to silly comments that speak ill of you
1,a rating committee Emma Stone looks like Michael Jackson.
6,It didn't really hit home
1,It's exactly an 8 point movie, but the rating is so high
5,This record-breaking movie is a cliche...
5,It was boring and distracting. Is the writer the main character or the housekeeper the main character?
1,I slept -- is that a woman's alba heaven? --ㅡㅡ
3,You say it's boring because it's boring, but why is it OO?
1,I was bored, sleepy...So I didn't watch it and just slept.
4,I watched the movie looking forward to hearing that it was fun, but I was very tired. It wasn't fun
5,I saw it because the rating was so good. Is it because I'm looking forward to it?I was a little bored ㅠㅠ
2,For me, it's a two-point movie. It's the height of boredom.
6,It was so boring and boring...
6,It's distracting
4,Can humans weigh against humans? a film with a narrow view
1,A good movie. But 9.5 is too high
1,It's not my cup of tea; I think it's a bit exaggerated
5,Can't help being bored? If I'd cut down on running time...
6,Why are all the reviews so good?It was a material that was never dealt with, so it was new and touching, but it was very boring
6,The message was good, but the way I expressed it was disappointing.
1,A movie like a documentary. The movie is really boring.But the attempt at the subject was good.
1,fun
5,I didn't like it because I was expecting too much.It's not that it's not boring, but it's just boring
6,It's just a woman's story. It's not sad. It's not fun. I wanted Bali to end
3,The story is so funny.
6,a complacent approach to human rights. I wanted to emphasize equality rather than compassion.
5,The case was very slow and I didn't check the time, but it was too longcrying
6,At 6:20 on the 5th, the movie Sanbon Lotte F row couple! It's a couple sitting in front of you. I kept kicking the chair, armrests, and feet
3,see Emma Stone again The other cast members' acting is good, too
5,Excluding emotion and sympathy, only a scrawny frame and a distracting development of events remain. 8.7 points
6,There is no racism in Korea, so it didn't really hit home
