뽀로로 극장판 보물섬 대모험
1,It's really boring.
5,In the end, I watched it with special middle school students a year ago, and it was cheerful, but it should be more than 100 minutes to watch the movie.It wasn't funny. It wasn'
1,I watched it with my 4 year old giraffe class friends this year I'll just drink chocolate milk with my friends and play in the playground
2,I was just born It was fun
6,I enjoyed watching it when I was 6 years old and bored when I was 4 years oldI don't think it's fun.ㅜ I'm sorry
1,It's a good popcorn restaurant. ^^ I enjoyed it!~!~
2,I fell asleep because I was sick of itThe kids aren't paying attention either
6,It's kind of fun
2,I stopped watching it because it was obviousAdventure crisis, rescue escape, happy ending. It's always the same
6,I thought the dinosaur island adventure was more interesting, but it was interesting
6,It was more boring than conventional theater versions. Especially in the beginning... It overflows. It was fancy and nice to feast my eyes on, but... The story progresses slower than the existing ones.
5,My seven-year-old child doesn't look funny. It's just like an infant.
6,It came out in the middle. He doesn't like the constant crisis(Laughing)
1,I'm 6 years old... Can I see it?
4,It's not that fun.He is a fast 4 year old, so I read the contents and he said it is not fun.I can't get into it even if I look at you.
6,It's less than the Aladdin I saw yesterday, but it's kind of rough and spectacular
6,The story is about just doing it
1,According to the Airborne Foot-and-Foot Disease
6,I was so focused on my 5-year-old son.
6,I love Pororo forever
6,There are 750,000 3-year-olds this year.
5,Patty was so hot that I couldn't concentrate on the movie
4,It's fun and a bit sloppy
6,The story is interesting, but isn't it too much to put up a Susperia trailer five minutes before the start? Sangam Megabox is totally OOO
6,Five years old is left. I was a little bored in the middle, so I wanted to go out, but I managed to hold it in. Overall, it is worth seeing. But I don't want to see it again If it's fun, I buy it at home and watch it over and over again, but it's not to that extent. Oh, my god
6,I enjoyed watching it
6,Is pirate captain black a wolf?Is it a dog? They're so curious.
6,Let's have fun with Pororo!
5,The kid likes it...~~
1,The kids seem to like it
6,I watched it with three 6-year-olds this year and it wasn't fun in the beginning나It was worth watching later
1,Throwing away all the money~~~goufoufuo!
1,It's a perfect movie for mom dancing and chopping roaches
6,It's fun even for adults.But... Rather than burning.The audience is larger than that of minors.
2,Well, dinosaur island was more interesting. 아쉬 That's too bad...
1,Is it the time to mix it with the Avengers?
1,Wow, there's a lot of kids like mums and cockroaches
6,She's turning 5 this year. Maybe because she's getting older, she's getting childish
6,I'm a six-year-old girl, Lee Soo Leop They said they enjoyed it
6,I saw a 36-year-old father and a 5-year-old son, and they came out crying at the end of the movie, saying that they were afraid of the villain because they wanted to see their mom. It's sad that the husband who watched it together didn't see the ending, but he said it was more boring than Cabot T
6,It was more boring than the previous dinosaur island escape.It was more fun to eat popcorn  I'm sure all of your five-year-old peers will agree
6,I watched it because a 4-year-old was so into it.
6,The first movie in three years, I laughed so hard not to disappoint my parents. It's a bit childish for a 3-year-old and recommended for younger ones
6,Adventures with friends rather than treasures in front of you?
6,I'm Pororo, a kid's favorite
6,They love it But why did I doze off?!--ㅡㅡ
1,I was so focused that I didn't know the time was going by the way.
6,They said it was fun. Personally, I think it's worse than the previous one.
1,Don't be a liar. I'm in 2nd place
1,I enjoyed the adventure of Dinosaur Island, so I went to see it. It's a really boring work. The content didn't hit home, the insert song wasn't good, and the sudden shuffle dance in the middle...Disappointing overall
6,To be honest, it's not...
6,It's less fun than the old movie versions. Still, the child enjoyed watching it so much.
2,Why are you so high on Avengers? It wasn't as good as the whole sleigh
1,Children's Korean version of Pororo
2,It's not fun compared to the last dinosaur episode. The baby was loud and had a hard time.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
6,I want an adult discount for movies that I need with my guardianㅜㅜ
6,It's still fun.
6,The kids can't concentrate well.
6,I like it and I want to see it againYes, but I think it's a bit long I'd like about 50 minutes
6,My eight-year-old son is not funnyYes, but I had fun
6,Those under 6 are worth watching, but those over 7 are boring
1,....  I recommend you to watch the Avengers Endgame again
6,The 4-year-old was a bit scared
6,The kid was a little bored and boring than the last one He asked me to leave in the middle So I came out in the middle...
6,It's good to look at children
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kids
6,The kids liked it, too
6,I fell asleep after watching it well(Crying
6,I guess my kid was a little boring. ^^;
6,It was okay. It was a bit loud
6,Kids would love it^^
6,There's nothing new
4,My child likes it, so I watch it every time the movie version comes out, but this episode is the least fun
4,Not as fun as the last movie
4,The old ones are more fun
6,I was bored ㅠㅠ I dozed off
6,Seeing that Pororo is getting boring, I guess he's getting older
1,One star is not enough.What is the reason for destroying dreams and hopes by releasing them together with adults?
6,The name is too racy. Penguin man.
4,They say it's not fun. It's bland
6,Children like it.
2,The first Pororo series to make you fall asleep
2,It's so different from the previous Pororo movie version.  The story got so childish and the story wasn't good. It was loud. Anyway, I'm so disappointed and sad
6,When the child gets dark a few times, he comes out in the middle because he's scared. And all the characters start looking like before wearing the first generation's old clothes. Eddie voice actor is different. I'm a little disappointed because I like Eddy the most. Why did it change?
6,I watched all the Pororo movie series at the movie theater, but he kept asking me when it would end because my son was not funny this time
6,It's good. It's good It's good
6,This is the least fun Pororo series I've ever seen
6,He watched it in a very focused
6,My kids aren't that impressedcrying
6,I enjoyed it so much But it's a bit disappointing Haha
1,Human sports technology opens its doors
6,I was a little tired of itHe asked me three times when it would end
5,The government has taken a drastic measure to eliminate criminals from the country, and pro-Japanese group has been removed from the national cover, pro-Japanese group has confiscated all of its assets and returned to state funds
6,That's how it is He's just like that
6,It doesn't look good for adults, but the kids are having fun
4,Pororo was 17 years old, but it was fun even to meBut now, I followed my nephew who became a cartoon that only kids watch, but I thought that the old days were really in their heyday
4,It's just... So-so
6,The only movie that's going to compete against Endgame, Avengers: Pororo
3,They're so funny·I enjoyed it
6,The kids love it^^
6,My child liked it, so I watched it again and again yesterday.
6,I took two 5-year-old girls and they came out in less than 30 minutes;;; It's boring and noisy. Let's go out. I thought it was funny ^^;;;
6,It was thrilling and fun
4,Everyone's saying it's fun, right?  Even my 5-year-old son said it wasn't fun. I didn't like it I think the Cabot series is the best in the theater version
1,The least fun Pororo...There's no story
6,At first, he concentrated and got tired of itI think I was looking forward to it because I did a great job last time That was not fun.
2,The kids aren't as focused as the previous one
6,I think a child did a fun and exciting adventure
1,Stinky graphics and footy scenarios
4,To be honest, the story is not good in the movie version.They didn't even have a favorite song.I lack sincerity.
4,Compared to the previous ones, the theater version is getting higher
6,A 5-year-old kid said it was boring and boringㅜㅜ
6,I'm not sure. I went there after the evaluation, and the reactions were not good either.
6,Exciting insurance~ Enjoy watching movies^^
6,It was nice to start without a commercial, but the theater was a bit messy
6,It's fun. Ultra-concentrating mode son^^
6,I enjoyed watching it with my eldest son! They're saying let's go again!
6,This is okay. It stopped at this much
6,My second brother liked it so much, so I went to see it Unfortunately, I arrived late, so I couldn't watch it properly. As expected, Pororo theater version
6,It's too long. It's boring It's not fun
1,There were a lot of people who kept going out because they were so bored in the middle. It's better to watch it at home
6,My baby must have been bored I was sad that I couldn't concentrate
6,8 years old laughed a lot
6,I saw a 5-year-old kid in the middle and came outI guess it was a little early
6,You're bored more than I thought It wasn't good
2,Sleeping ㅜ.ㅜ Kids like it regardless of the story
2,I'm getting disappointedIs this a domestic production?I just woke up
6,Dinosaur adventure is more fun... But I was proud to see a 5-year-old child concentrating until the end
1,No fun at all. Childish and boring
1,My 3-year-old son caught me. I think all the comments here are part-time jobs.
1,It's ruined. It's going to explode
6,Why did Eddie's voice change? I like Eddie the most.
1,The rating doesn't make sense. It's high. Let's lower it more
1,NAVER rating is unbelievable. Just watch "Avengers"
1,It's so lame and no answer
6,12354156431 Someone cursed at me It's the worst movie ever
6,The kid liked it. He had funIt's worth watching even for adults
2,That's too high
5,The running time is less than half the end game, and the ticket price is the same
