에이 아이
6,A film that shows Steven Spielberg's childhood innocence. Imagination and ability to plot can only be admired.
1,I shed tears every time I saw it, so I can't give you 10 points.I'd rather give you 1 point and not watch it again.
6,I was surprised that the rating was higher than I thought. It was uncomfortable because there were many scenes that seemed to lack probability in the middle, and it felt like I was trapped in an endless feeling that was unnecessarily programmed by a robot.
2,I think that's broken...Don't you have to reset the initial settings? Why doesn't David explain the situation and ask his parents why?It's uncomfortable...
1,One point because of these heartless humans. A teddy bear is the cutest than a human. Bicentennial Man is the best robot movie.
2,Just so you know, why did aliens come out of nowhere and why robots were born with human-hitting settings? Just fly this for two hours and play Detroit Beacom Human on Volvo
1,It would be really creepy if such a robot with ai comes out in the distant future
4,The probability of the story becomes strange as it goes into the second half. The character Joe remains a one-off auxiliary character, and the child seems so obsessed that it is hard to erase the impression that David unconditionally follows his mother by coding algorithm rather than humanity. Especially the last two thousand years later, I thought it was ridiculous to make the movie seem inconsistent and absurd, because it seemed like an absurd device to forcibly revive the movie's theme. I'm sure some of you enjoyed it, but I don't recommend it.
5,Sci-fi version 21st Century Pinocchio
5,The whole story is good, but it's
3,Even the title is weird. Not Ai, attention seeker
2,ㅠㅠ I'm so sad, my acting is creepy
5,Oh, come on. Why don't you know I'm grateful for Teddy? Teddy, who was beside me whenever I had a hard time because I was crazy about my mom who entered. Without saying thank you, what about Teddy? Leave him alone and go to sleep forever. Ungrateful a.i. who only knows mother's love, but doesn't know friendship, grace, and loyalty.
2,It's so sad that it's hard to watch it again.So 1 point... In my heart, 10 points
1,Farmers, herdsmen, farmers in the south.
1,Um... I don't really want to watch a movie again.Honestly, it's not 10 points.
1,리쿠이쿠이쿠이쿠이쿠이쿠이쿠이쿠이크
1,스포츠맨 스포츠웨어
1,It was famous before and after it came out, but it wasn't as good as I thought, so I said it was a mess. I was less moved than before, and I really wanted to say that I was amazing when I watched it with money. Rather, contact me or Kataka
1,The atmosphere is down and you're depressed.
6,I watched it because it was a masterpiece. It's totally boring.
1,The first review I wrote because the movie was like a letter of honorifics
1,Throwing aliens on an old movie...
6,I started by addressing the ethical issues that are likely to be high in the future, but as time goes by, it becomes unrealistic and buried in sentimentalism. Devices that can be operated for 2000 years do not exist in this world.
1,I'm old enough to watch movies that others say are not good, get moved easily, and cry easily. I didn't shed a tear and I was just bored. I didn't know this could happen.That's cool
1,I give you 1 point because of Teddy.
5,Thinking that robots were just machines, I couldn't relate to them.It is unfortunate that it is only used by humans and abandoned, but I was not impressed because it was thought to be a machine. The movie was boring but great! David's robotic performance showed shock and brilliance
1,It's boring and annoying, and why is the rating so high?
6,I expected something deeper, but it was like a fairy tale.If it was over before the alien came out, there would have been some lingering feelings
1,The robot's behavior was so bizarre, so selfish, and obsessed with his mother who abandoned him, it was scary. I can't relate to the robot's behavior at all. I really enjoyed watching "Vicentennial Man" and I saw that it was similar, but it's so different. I don't recommend...
4,The boredom of the second half was too strong
1,A movie that flies for two and a half hours and only makes you feel bad. Rather than feeling sorry for the main character, I wanted to hit the main character's pit of the stomach because of the bizarre actions that come out because he is a robot. However, David's acting ability is impressive.
1,It's a movie for kids.A movie that kids would be bored with...
1,It's worth watching, but precious time disappears like the speed of light with Andromeda.
1,I heard it was a masterpiece, so I watched it. Honestly, it's really cruel and provocative. I think it's both a hint and a warning to us, but it's too provocative.The time I spent with the author of "Mom" is described too short and there's not much to it, but it doesn't make sense for the main character to be like that
2,Do you think this is really fun? It's not fun at all
6,It lacks acting skills, story composition, and probability compared to i-robot of the same period. Even if you look at the movie objectively, it is a second-rate movie, except for the fact that a cute child is the main character and that Pinocchio was homaged. I looked forward to it, but I was very disappointed about the other thing in the iRobot Hall.
1,My precious two hours flew away.LOL How is it so boring? Whoever the director is, it's really boring. While I was watching, I wanted to make a human and end the movie. And the most ridiculous thing was that 2,000 years passed and aliens(?) suddenly came out. No answer. It was a crazy movie. One top
1,It's a movie that's not good for your mental health. The aftereffects last long
5,The acting was tremendous.It is too loose from the middle of the story centered on David. The story of a robot with human nature and dreams.It was just a movie for me. Still, I definitely realized the word love.
6,Spielberg = Damn Alien = Limit
1,The arrogant story of a bunch of machines wanting to be human for 2000 years
1,My mom threw it away, but after 2000 years? Why are you looking for a mother who abandoned her coldly, but I can't understand. Is there nothing special?
2,This is SHINHAN's cardShinhan Card Co., Ltd
1,Part-timer OOOs! I slept twice more than that
1,Are you kidding me? I feel so sad right now
6,It's like AlphaGo, but in the 2000s, Spielberg, who already counted the sensitivity of robots...
5,Maybe it's because it's old, but I feel like I'm throwing the story away for a message
1,When I saw this when I was young, it was so harsh and sad that I kept thinking about it, and I almost got depression, and seeing it as an adult...
5,Even Spielberg's cruel fairy tales with love and adventure go this far into the mountains and there is no answer.
6,The composition is a little weak...
1,Is it because the director is Spielberg?  Because of the name value? I heard that masterpieces don't go through the ages even if they're old, but this is so boring. Why do you think the movie is worth the director's name?
1,It came out in 2001, but I don't have money, so I hate it when people who see it now are moved. I watched it in 2001. How can I watch it now when it was 14 years ago?
1,It's such a complicated movie.If you don't know who the director is and watch it, it's a movie that even cursed...
3,I don't like it because there are too many four legs
1,Hmm.. I watched it because it is a famous movie, but honestly, I don't know. It was fun in the beginning, but it's getting more childish as time goes by Anyway, it's a really pie movie
2,Is this fun? Why is the rating so high?
1,Too bad there's no lower score.  The worst movie of my life that makes me feel as bad as watching a third-rate horror movie
1,I was fooled by the rating. I was bored after watching it for about 10 minutes, so I skipped it, and I focused on hitting the robot in the flash fair, and I just deleted it
1,The content is so childish. It's not a top 10 movie, so it helps to lower the rating
1,From the beginning, I couldn't concentrate because it felt like a movie made by a beginner, but when I heard that it was made by director Spielberg, I was confused whether it was weird or not... In the last scene, I shouted, "This is not it!" Am I weird? T
1,Love imprinted on a robot is a random story about data, and a forced screen that packs that data
6,It was a fun movie and I could feel David's innocence well. But is it because of the long running time...? I can't deny that there was a slight boredom as I went out to find a fairy.
6,More than I thought... I don't like it
6,Honestly, the story was good until the middle.  But suddenly, 2,000 memories were put to sleep, and aliens appeared, and suddenly, sensitivity mode ended... What a waste of time
1,You're so stubborn. And you're not funny. Look at the level of Korean moviegoers who score 9.25 points. If you're emotional, you can't use it
1,Overall, it's not fun because it's not stimulating, so it's not fun, and there's no answer
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,Why is the rating high?  a meaningless movie
6,Mr. Spielberg is in big trouble.  I did a good job in handling it, and the atmosphere was good, but let's just point out one thing.  I'm so sick of it.
1,The story itself is going back and forth, and something's wrong with the progress, so it's a relief to watch it for free, but if you paid for it, it's a perfect movie to lose money.
1,Don't look at it. It's a terrible book of philosophy
6,Perfect for killing time
6,It's a Spielberg work, so it doesn't look good on you. I'm not impressed.  What went well?
3,I don't like the graphics.It's a little childish.The friend I went to see...He came out of dozing off.I remember being criticized for watching this.David is so cruel.It's a scene where you smash a robot's head that looks similar to your colleague'
3,Rating. I think I tried many things, but it's alien.  Characters are not attractive
1,I looked forward to seeing it because it was called Spielberg, but I was surprised because it was not fun. Rather than conflict between characters, the idea is that cowardly fouls replacing fairy tales and aliens are abused. I expected a blessing in disguise until the end, but I couldn't leave anything behind.
4,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. The running time is too long and nothing approaches except film technology.
6,a lullaby-like fairy tale read by my mom
6,The Creation of Scientific Tale. Boy Osment is so good at acting. But it was a little boring and the directing didn't touch my heart.
1,I like babies, but I don't like the boy in the movie, so 1 point and 30 minutes are really boring, 1 point There are so many topics that are obvious, 1 point I don't watch a lot of similar topics like Dream I robot, and I only see people who like boys who are open-mouthed and drooling
1,Hmmm I wonder if I'm weird... everyone's rating is so good ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ그 I just expressed it clearly, but I'm not touched at all...Just one because it's not coming
2,I don't know where to cry
5,I know David is poor, but... I was not very impressed ㅠㅠㅜ
1,I got caught. It's a big fish. I hate fairy tales and cartoons. It should be a movie
1,Honestly, it's not a point, but it's too bad for Spielberg's. I wasn't impressed by this. If it's touching, isn't it weird? This is nothing more than a twist on Walt Disney's Pinocchio. iRobot is better.
2,I looked at the rating and I was fooled. This movie is never a masterpiece. It's just boring and too complex, and the ending is just very fun. About 40 minutes?And the rest went off the charts and just ruined it. It's just a movie that's not funny and I don't recommend it
1,I don't know if it's because a lot of time has passed. It's filled with unnecessarily symbolic scenes
5,This is getting worse and worse
6,In the beginning, the more I thought it was a difficult movie, the more childish I watched it
6,A movie that is neither sad nor touching at all. But a film that criticized Christianity with considerable sophistication
1,I watched a movie after reading the rating. I've been tricked.
1,I just can't understand. It's ridiculous
1,I'm bored. I have a high rating
6,so, that
5,It started well, but it seems like it's going to the mountains.It's a drama that I was looking forward to
5,It would be hard to make the future, robots, and family so boring.
3,I can't stop crying. I'm bored...
6,Not much of an impression
6,The last part was too sloppy And it's just for killing time
4,I was bored. I thought there would be a twist later, but it just ended in vain.
1,It's kind of boring, but the rating is too high
6,I can relate to that feeling of fear. If you were scared, I don't know why Judeo came out
3,It's so high
2,I hated it because it was so perfect. It's more than a horror movie. I get depressed the whole time I see depression all the time.
3,I was just a little bored.It's a story about a robot that finds its mother's love
1,Why is the rating high? I cried because of Bumblebee even when I saw Transformer, but this is not sad and boring
6,Spielberg movies don't suit me.
1,Is it just me? I've never seen a boring movie like this before
1,an unpleasant horror movie
6,Why is it so boring?
2,The director, actor, and character were all great, but the story was sloppy.
4,A.I. It is a good movie.Wow.It's pretty boring.Not really. Not really.
1,It's boring. I watched it until the end because the rating was high, but it took me four days. It's still not fun
6,The finish was not good. It was sad, but it didn't seem like a 9-point one
6,Only the teddy bear is memorable.
3,Oh... Already. Friendly rating... Did everyone just look at the middle and give a rating
6,He made good use of the atmosphere of the future coexisting with cyborgs, and the robot's agony was convincing
6,Feels like you're wearing a suit and slippers. What if Fincher directed it?
1,be bored all the time watching
2,The ending is really making me angry. The ending that was... That's it? Really?
1,It's boring, too much rating
6,Kubrick and Spielberg's incongruous encounter
1,9.2 is too much. Ah, there's a bit of a boring side to sleepiness It's touching, but it's definitely not 9.2
6,I want to raise a bear, too
1,I'm so disappointed with the story going to the mountain.I really liked the first 40 minutes, but I got bored and it ended
1,I don't know if it's because I don't understand. It doesn't touch me at all and it's boring.
1,The last five minutes are the worst, Stanley Kubrick makes a masterpiece and Spielberg makes a mess
6,Well, it's just a normal feeling.
1,The fun is a vain plot that you can't find even after you wash your eyes
1,8.5 points is enough...A good movie or rating is too high.Osment, I'm sorry.
2,I was sleepy.
5,It's a movie that makes you yawn rather than move.
1,It was too boring and not enough to stimulate the sensibility of the storyline to the mountains
1,Spielberg's Worst SF
1,I'm emotionally dry.
5,Boss, do you want to raise a robot?
1,Half of it is a waste
6,Frankly: touching, not sad, commercially not good, scenario good, boring.- The end. -
1,Every action is so slow and stupid that it's frustrating, boring and annoying all the whole time
4,It would have been okay if it weren't for the impression of being forced.
4,Why is the rating so high? I fell asleep because the content was weird
1,To be honest, it's not 9.17...
2,I'm not trying to say anything philosophical. As a commercial film, it's really not good.
1,What's this? I got a good rating, so I was tricked a complete waste of time
1,Did I expect something too grand?
1,That's not funny -_-.
2,It's a really boring movie when you evaluate it just for entertainment.
4,It's a movie that breaks the ending...
1,Why is this movie so boring to me?
1,No, AI has a high score...  The movie is ridiculous. Anyway, it's not fun
6,There is definitely a difference in masterpieces.
6,21st Century Pinocchio? Honestly, it's not fun. I don't know anything touching
6,Why is this rating 9.15? It's not funny
1,I'm bored.
1,Audiences who are enthusiastic about Spielberg rather than movies. Childishness, nothing more or less.
1,The worst movie in my life
6,What if it was a cubicle? The ending is unfortunate.
6,The director's name is a waste... Whoo!
3,좋아요.
6,The atmosphere of the movie doesn't match, the brilliance of the music and the background. dry up one's emotions
5,It's just brand power to be imaginative. Don't fool yourselfWhat do you mean imagination?
3,This movie is touching? What kind of brain structure does he have? I thought I was going to sleep
1,I remember being bored in the movie theater and shaking my butt. The rating is very high.
4,Scenes and endings that seem to have been made for the audience who are a little bit disappointed.
4,Why did an alien suddenly appear and say happy ending?
1,They say robots are better than humans zz
1,Cast me instead of that kid.in a trifle
4,Why did I think it was OOO except for the beginning?
1,It's really boring. It's just boring. This ridiculous movie
4,It wasn't too bad, but it wasn't funny.
6,so, that
6,It's too long
6,Don't expect too much
6,It's a great movie. But in my personal taste, it's boring.
3,A masterpiece. It's a little boring
1,I slept because I was sleepy
6,I don't know why I'm so bored.
6,Frankly, it is not such a great work.
4,Spielberg's film The most blotchy film of his life.
5,so, that
1,It's not funny at all. Oh, my. It's a movie
5,It's a well-made movie.But it's boring...It's not my cup of tea
1,Childish and crude videos, fantasy movies for children
5,It's all right...I was bored at the end.
2,It's a ridiculous movie. It's a waste of time to warm up. Things that don't know how to watch movies
1,I slept while watching this movie. It's so boring and boring
5,The appearance of an alien... Robots can't have feelings.
1,Throw this movie away
6,좋아요.
1,I think I take 3 movies a year on average Spielberg... this guy's not sincere
1,Did you understand this movie and give it 10 points? Are you interested? It's just boring.
1,...Why is the rating so high?Audiences trapped in Spielberg's walls.
5,Giroud
5,Sleepy
3,Was it because I was looking forward to it too much?
5,Average
1,What's so touching? The worst Spielberg movie I've ever seen.
1,Extremely different. Spielberg's best boring story.
1,That self-serving child is so obnoxious.
1,I remember waking up to the SF atmosphere with the appearance of a sloppy motorcycle.The score for that
4,?? Maybe I didn't understand... a movie with only question marks left
1,Cold dance
2,Ai such a beautifully wrapped movie -_-;
1,I turned it off because I was bored
5,It was just... It was just like Spielberg. It's boring now.
5,I'm sorry, Spielberg. Spielberg's love of humanity doesn't work anymore
1,I can't cry
1,This movie is the first and last time I slept better than the movie. three hours of boredom
1,How can you give me 10 points for a movie like this?
6,Let's cut out the last 20 minutes
6,I don't really give movie ratings. But I want to give this movie a little more
3,Are you emotionally dry?It's not that...
1,This movie makes me sick. It's fun
6,Hmm. It was just like that.I've seen it because of the score; to be honest, I didn't cry--;ㅡㅡ;
6,It's boring
1,The story itself is fun, but the side branches are too forced-_-
6,The implications are big, but it's not fun.
1,a boring movie
5,The storyline was strange and boring, but it was a good movie.
5,the final version of the Spielberg family's new drama. Before I was moved, the chicken meat
6,I don't think it's good.
5,It's pretty esoteric and way ahead
1,I wondered if Spielberg was senile after watching this
5,Sleepiness
4,I have a headache and it's so gloomy
5,to spoil a Kubrick movie
5,Composition in a touching yet ridiculous story
3,The story is so sloppy. Especially since aliens came out, it's a complete deterrence
6,I don't like movies that are too nice~~
4,It's dragging on.
6,The content was good, but it was so boring.
1,Unbelievable
2,It would have been the best movie if I hadn't dragged on too much
5,About 5.5 points? Not 6 points
3,I changed the channel because I was bored
6,That's a little childish
5,I was just like that.
6,It's not that... It's just a six-sense, go-go acting
1,It's not that bad
1,It's a poor work
1,I thought it was fun at first, but it's getting depressing, dark, boring. Rating below 8
1,I don't like it. Is it just me?~
6,There are a lot of things I can't believe...
2,below expectations
2,I logged in because it was such a boring movie To leave Pyeongnam. (Pun in Korean)
4,I'm sleepy
1,What the hell is this?
4,I'm sleepy. It's me. I don't think it's a good movie.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Unrealistic and gibberish; I'm not going to watch robot movies anymore
1,Why isn't there a zero?I got in trouble for being really bored.
5,It was so boring.
4,I only saw Hallizoel and Jude.
6,..well, after the middle of the day, it's become so cliche
3,I fell asleep while watching it. That's all it's about it
6,a loose back That's a shame.
5,Robots are for industrial use only. I'd rather be the Bicentennial
6,Spielberg's desire to remain an eternal Peter Pan
5,To be honest, I watched it because of Jude Law and Mechanics.It's not a trick.
5,I think it's okay just to look at it once
3,The movie is quite boring. I can make it half-hour long
6,There are mixed feelings, such as flirting, touching, and absurdity...
1,What a touching movie... ㅠㅠ...
1,It's not even a movie to curse Sweden
1,There's no concept of alien life.
5,The second movie I fell asleep in the theater. The first is Pearl Harbor.
1,To be honest, it's a very boring--
5,Well... should I watch the movie as "message" or "fun"?
1,a poor ending film Points to match the average.
4,The plot is full. But the director's profile is too low. ---;;
