땐뽀걸즈
6,I think it's the best luck to meet a good teacher in school
1,I had a good night's sleep. What is it about?
1,The comments are dirty. It's not fun. I'll play two rounds of LOL when I watch a movie like thisㅈㄴㅈ
6,It is best to have fun and enjoy school. The teacher has to help with that
1,..,,.,,.,,。Yun Tong-yao of the Unity of Nuno
1,Three days, 7618, legal rage, five and eight.
6,The process of ideal solidarity, the product of effort, the history of happiness.
5,What they can do on the island is a dirty kiss
1,It's about the growth of gangsters I was fooled by the rating
6,Feels like I was fooled by the rating
1,Why are you sucking up the kids who are having a hard time, smoking, and then going to Yeo Sang because you don't want to study for a job even if you run out of humanities?
1,It would have been better if it was a regular play film, not a documentary film, to show how the girls who were the best learned to dance and become new people
1,Since you said it's grade 9, I give you 1 point
1,Your existence alone is beautiful!
1,Today, the school sent all students to the Geoje Culture and Arts Center, where they showed the documentary. I was disappointed because it was totally boring.
5,I don't think it'll fit those who want a lot of fun. It's just fun
1,It doesn't matter. I want to eat macarons
4,It's a meaningful record for them, but...  I'm sure he's a good tutor
1,Documentary films tend to be followed by blinding reviews, but this movie is too bad
1,hhhhhhhaha.
6,It was a movie that my parents showed me, but they said it was worth watching^^
1,I'm speechless. Is it good to sell your emotions like this and pretend to be nice and poor? It's funny that you're living well in elementary and middle school, bullying other kids, and bullying disabled friends. He didn't even reflect on his mistakes and danced hard
6,It was fun and good because the students were almost the same as the real students. I was impressed by the scene of doing a hidden camera to the teacher during the festival.
1,This is too much, let's end it here.
6,It was fun. I realized that small things in your daily life can come to you. Choo Shin Hyun
1,^^;;^^;;;; I came to get off because my score was high
6,The children have a beautiful relationship
