베일리 어게인
10,Remembering my dog... A movie that promises to meet again
10,It was a relief that the main character and Bailey had a happy ending! I was so happy to see you again. I think I'm going to love Bailey from this moment onBailey is a lovely veil no matter how she is born!
8,I can relate to it from a dog's point of view
10,
10,It reminds me of my old dog, would I want to come to my house if I were born again?It occurred to me that And the truth of life is contained in Bailey's last line.Be here now
10,I cried a lot because I thought of my dog crossing the rainbow bridge. I like to hear that you're going to meet your master later. I hope we can all meet one day.
10,It's the movie that touched my heart the most in years
10,All I can say is that it's so beautiful Life is a movie that I can't stop smiling all the time I watch it with a lovely pet dog.Tears never dry in my eyes ㅠㅠ A movie I want to watch every year and watch again
10,I cried my eyes out. It's a really good movie
10,I'm crying. Really...… It was so touching and the dogs all acted so well that I was so immersed in it
10,The last word seemed to be the most necessary word for me right now. I had a lot of thoughts.
10,This is why I watch movies. It feels like a gift
6,The message is completely different from the first part.Personally, I liked the first movie. Bailey had an existentialist epiphany, and suddenly, from part two, the purpose of a dog's life is to live for a man.It's too Ningen-centered
8,Watching the movie reminded me of my dog.
10,Cookie, I'm sorry. I was the devil...
10,It's the best. I watched it while thinking about tears and hope that went to heaven.
10,I'm going to call my kid's name a lot
10,
10,Watch it when you're having a hard time It warms my heart
10,That's amazing ㅠㅠcrying
10,It was such a pretty, warm, and touching movie Yesterday, a middle-aged couple cried a lot while watching. Afterwards, they held the dog next to them againHe hugged me. It was so touching~♡
10,I can't believe I'm impressed enough to write a rating on NAVER's movie.
10,It's a touching and fresh movie that makes you fall in love with it's been a while
10,
10,I saw it really late, but I really want to leave it, so I leave it. I think it expresses the dog's short life well, and I think it's an obvious story, but I watched it so deeply that I had tears and runny nose. I was happy and happy while watching it.
9,I don't really like dogs, but I think it's really cool to have a friend who just gives unconditional love just by his existence.
10,It's really my favorite movie. It's already my fourth time watching it
10,The dog was so cute. It was a warm-hearted movie ㅜㅜ I don't raise animals, but I really enjoyed watching it
10,I watched it for the first time today and it became my life movie.After crying, laughing, and repeating 8 times, my eyes got swollen in less than 2 hours.A movie that anyone who has a pet dog should watch ㅠㅠ I cry so hard every scene that I feel dizzy, but I feel good because it feels like I watched a movie after a long timeIt's the movie of my life that will make my eyes water Make sure to watch it!
10,The movie was touching and interesting when my father, Eden, recognized Buddy as Bailey. I was sad when Ellie sacrificed for her master, and I don't think I'll ever get tired of it again
10,For people who have dogs... Wouldn't it be the best movie? I think I kept crying It's so touching. It reminds me of my dog
9,I don't have a dog, and even though I don't think it's possible in reality, there's a touching story... I got emotional a few times.If you're in the position of raising a dog, you'll be even more touched.It wasn't fun and boring and how can a dog act so well...It's heartwarming and I'm touched to see a really good movie on Christmas Eve.
10,I'm so touched... I really recommend it
10,It's touching and really fun! It makes me feel sad in between, and it's a masterpiece!
10,My puppy pats me while watching the movie. This moment is so precious too
2,I give you two points because I'm sick of girls crying so much
10,I sent my precious dog to the rainbow bridge. For the first few weeks, I can't live my daily life and I endure every day without meaning, and if I show myself struggling too much, my precious baby will have a hard time, but there is no day I didn't cry at all. Hi Bailey, I couldn't stop crying from the moment I first saw you, especially because I missed you so much today. As soon as my dog closed his eyes, I remembered myself whispering, "Let's meet again, I have to come back to you." It's a masterpiece, Bailey Again. It's a really heart-warming movie that gives a more hopeful message to those who have experienced leaving their pets... Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,Crying thinking of my dog.I'm sorry. I'm an ugly owner
10,No matter how funny or funny the movie is about dogs, it ends up sad. So precious, best friend pet ♥
10,People who have had pets are moved by the storm.Dipsy, live with your dad for a long time
10,I happened to watch it briefly on YouTube and sobbed ㅠㅠ The dog tied to the yard is a scene that you can see very often in the Korean countryside, but seeing it as a theme of reincarnation makes me feel more touched and sad. I hope all beings are happy
10,It's touching every time I see it.At the end, I shed tears
10,I don't need to say anything. You're the best
10,What's this movie?I thought it was a one-act play and the ending was goodPersonal life was like that of a person
8,
10,It's so touching and fun ㅠㅠ In my life movie ㅠㅠ
10,I've lived without envy... I'm jealous of only one thing. Who hasn't seen this movie?
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,I hope that Benny will come back to me in any way he can and recognize me.I hope you live a happy life.
10,Bailey is so cute and lovely. It's a meaningful movie that touches me, learns lessons from me.
10,The story that everyone who really loves their dog wants the most...
10,I couldn't focus on the movie 우 Because I was crying
10,Tears... ㅠㅠ I'm only going to give my dog full of love!
10,It's so touching.How can puppies be like that?
9,I cried a lot with my husband since "Marley and I" ㅠㅠ We want to be good companions like Eden!
10,I cried for the first time while watching a movie. Recommendation!
10,All movies with a puppy as the main character are interesting.The Benji Hotch story, Beethoven Turner, Hoochi, and Bailey Gain...
10,It's a movie that makes me cry
10,I cried when I saw what was introduced in the first row of my room ㅠㅠ I always watch a movie
10,Last year, two dogs that we've been together for 16 years crossed the rainbow bridge I was so tired that I wasn't going to watch this movie, but after watching it, I wanted to come back to me. If I could, I'd like to say thank you for being with me for 16 years It was a good movie
10,The movie that clears my mind the most out of all the movies I've seen recently
10,I saw it defenselessly, but I tasted a new world of sobbing. I couldn't appreciate the story properly because I thought of the child who sent it first.Later... I'll have to watch it again when my heart is less hurt
10,
10,I'm a dog person, but I'm crying from the beginning because I think I'm a fool to think that dogs live with these thoughts and emotions It was just a movie that made me think that this is what we didn't know and it was a really fun running time
10,It's a touching movie♡
10,It was fun. Touching. Dog dubbing is good, too. ^^
10,I think I know why they even held a sob screening... It's very touching
10,I think each dog's story is no different from our lives. "Let's have fun."
10,I really cried while watching it crying
10,The importance of family... Don't be bound by the past, don't be afraid of the future, and stick to the present. A movie about life.
10,My first dog, Mongsil
10,Tears... Even the tip of my nose...
10,It's the most memorable movie I've seen in recent years.I always recommend this movie to my friendsThe dog is cute, the story is good, and it is touching.
10,As the number of people who raise dogs increases these days, there are more people who abandon dogs, and I hope that they will see all pets, including dogs, as one of the same life as humans, while watching this movie. I loved the assumption that dogs would be reincarnatedThere are many movies with similar contents, but it is the most touching one
10,Bailey, I love you. ㅠㅠㅠIt's touching and sad. Bailey doesn't understand the breakup.Tears welled up...Abandoning humans, if the owner is not able to be with the child forever, don't raise him from the beginning ㅠㅠ the meaning of a pet dog is in this movie.A movie that contains both comic and touching. It is well made.It's an imaginary drama, but I was so into Bailey that I watched it desperately. I don't even have a dog, but it's very touching and lingering. I love you, Bailey
10,I love it. This makes me want to raise a dog LOL Dad says he wants to raise a dog, but Mom seems to move little by little
10,
10,Let's keep seeing each other again!
8,It is hard to make such a good movie with cliche and far-fetched settings.
10,ㅠㅠ I really recommend this movie~! I really recommend this movie!
10,The movie that made me cry a lot was really touching
9,The movie I've always wanted to see. I really like the directing, visual beauty, and even the cute puppy! Every time Bailey died, I cried a little, but I was healed properly
10,The movie that came to me differently after raising a dog... Lovely and teary
9,This is a case that I watched because it was interesting to see Marquis Bailey. If you compare the previous work and the latter, personally, the story composition is a marquis, but I think the previous work was more touching. The composition of continuing the previous work and the second work is interesting, and the scene of recognizing Bailey remains deeply impressive.
10,The movie of my life. I watched it because I liked dogs. It was so touching and fun 스토리 The story is good and touching. Watch this and "Hi Bailey" too
8,It's a movie worth watching at least once, except for the forced production. Why is the rating so high?
10,I can't help but cry
10,
10,The best movie of my life, "My Sacky," which everyone can relate to, will leave someday, but I hope you'll come back to me
10,It was so cute, touching and the best movie!You must watch a movie like this before you die
10,The best movie, predictable story, but not obvious
10,Puppies are loveI'll protect you until you die. I love you ♡
9,It's such a touching and wonderful story^^ Lovely Beelie♡♡
6,Maybe it's because it's a movie about a dog, but it's hard to put it up
7,There are a lot of dogs that cause harm to others when they go to the park.
7,
1,Those who remove their reproductive functions, split their vocal cords, and lock them up in a narrow concrete wall don't think they'll get revenge if they're born again.
10,
1,
10,It's fun.
10,It's a touching movie that's warm and touching. It's fun and I'm proud of all the puppies' acting
10,It was so niceㅠㅠ The scene where Bailey never forgets to visit Eden was really touching. I'm sad, but in the middle, Bailey's words made me laughLOL It's been a while since I watched a movie, but I'm glad I watched this movie.
10,Wow, it's so touching. The unconditioned love that transcends the time of dogs is so touching
10,
10,
10,How many times did I cry? It was a touching time
10,
10,In a word, "The best"
8,I hesitated to watch it thinking it was an obvious story of a dog and its owner, but the unique story of the dog's reincarnation and the lives of different owners passed by each reincarnation, touching me. a delightful movie
10,I'm touched. It's fun
10,It's been a long time since I saw a calm moving movie.It's not boring to watch it twice in a row.I think there must be a reason for other animals' behavior
10,People are the ones who make the world a mess, but dogs are the ones who make the world a mess.
10,
10,Who was Mongsil?Bear? Coke?
10,Touching! Touching! I thought your voice was Yoo Hae JinIt was more fun because the foreign voice sounds familiar~~
10,
10,A touching movie that touched my heart after a long time ago
10,
9,Video beauty ㅠㅠ Awesome
10,I was so happy to watch it. It's been a while since I fell in love with this movie.
10,The first dog I love so much crossed the rainbow bridge. As in the movie, I hope that my dog will be born as a very strong and healthy dog in the next life and meet again someday. That's a little comforting just to imagine. I highly recommend it.
10,Stupid puppies who only care about their owners ㅠㅠ
10,I can't believe I've learned everything she's learned in her fourth life. What a great fortune!
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Baileyㅠㅠㅠ A movie that makes you want to raise a dog, a movie that makes you responsible
10,I cried for a long time because I remembered a child who crossed the rainbow bridge six years agoI still feel like I was lying on my lap on the day I died, happy -- come to me again -- abused and eaten children, I hope they disappear from Korea soonI hope it goes away soon
10,
10,And at the end...☆
10,ㅠㅠ 개 It's so emotional. Don't abuse your dog or throw it away
10,It was so touching and sad that I was annoyed. I wish my dog who crossed the rainbow legs would come back to me.
10,I'm so touched. ㅠㅠ If you have a dog, please watch itI watched it with tears in my eyes. ㅠㅠ
10,My life movie ㅠㅠ how many times did I cry? I was happy the whole time
10,I've watched it 10 times and it's so touching
8,Empathy is something like this. People who have raised pets cry while watching...
10,Good, good, good, good
10,A movie that made me smile while being warm and touching. I could have a good time with my family. The puppy next to me looks more lovely
10,Life movie. Many people will.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen for the first time
10,It was so much funㅠㅠ Tears welling up while watching!Bailey's so lovely. Everyone's so good at acting.ㅠㅠ A must-see movie!
8,I was sleepy because I saw it at dawn. I was a bit emotional when I was a police dog
10,
1,I got a high score, so I looked forward to it, but it was so boring that I fell asleep.
10,A dog that has been reincarnated with memories visits its original owner and offsets its previous life's establishment. Dennis Quaid is still cool
10,
10,If you have a pet, you have to watch it. It's a tear mine
10,A movie from the perspective of a dog, not a human being. A touching story that a dog owner can relate to
10,a film that is easy to watch
10,
10,It was so touching that I cried and laughed so many times. I really recommend it. Especially for those who have pets, it's going to be a storm of tears
10,
10,I cried a lot after a long timeI was comforted by the memories of the past
8,
10,I watched a free movie on Season without any expectations, and then I cried and even left a rating... and I decided to keep my dog until the end.crying
10,Out of 10, 1184747382819377300 ㅠㅠ I had a hard time sending it, but I cried a lot while watching the movie I wish all the dogs in the world happiness
10,It's always good to see a happy ending?
10,
6,I can't keep a dog, but the animal channels on YouTube like dogs and cats so much that I'm interested in this movie, and when I saw it, CG was just a normal puppy motion, not to mention CG, and the director was clumsy, catharsis, and the fantasy was too cheesy. ㅠㅠ
10,It's a must-see movie ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that makes me want to raise a dog
8,Like a family that only looks at and loves its owner without a price, it was loyal that never forgets its owner no matter when and how many times it is reincarnated
10,This is the movie and the drama is beautiful, lovely and touchingPeople are not your family. Your pets are your family and friends I really hope you don't abandon it!
10,It's so touching.It's been a while since I cried ㅠㅠㅠ
10,
10,
10,The last movie I watched with the Devil. Devil, it's already been four days since you left for Puppy Star. Thank you for leaving while staring at me in my arms. I could have left when my sister was sleeping, but thank you for leaving when my sister and brother were next to you. Please come to my dream with Soul often. Your head and legs won't hurt anymore, so run around as much as you did when you were young. Babysoul will be happy that you're here. Devil, I went to the puppy planet after finishing my long life as OOO, so take a good rest first. I love you, devil and soul.
6,Chosen by man, living with man, loyal to man, abandoned by man.
9,I want to raise a dog a big dog like Bailey
10,(Singing "G?
10,ㅠㅠ((I can't put vowels in a row. Why can't I express my feelings in tears?) ㅠㅠㅠIt's really warm, cute, happy, funny, and everythingㅠㅠThe best healing movie I've ever seen in my life ㅠㅠ But Dennis Quaid is a grandfather... He's the national father of Hollywood. I'm surprised I'm a grandpa ㅠㅠ
9,If you have a dog that's not boring, it's a movie with a deeper lingering feeling.
10,The most touching movie I've ever seen in 2020
9,The last word seems to be necessary for a tired society. I'm touched. 5000%. Make sure to watch it
10,I was most moved by the scene where Bailey and Eden reunite, a movie that I cried while watching with my friends before graduation.
9,Boss dog! Woof! Boss dog! Woof! Woof! Boss dog! Bark! Bailey??!!
10,I watched it dozens of times, but every time I watched it, I watched a new movie
10,Keumbi, I love you. Thank you for coming to me
10,ㅠㅠ 정말 I can relate to it a lot. It was so cute and funny to do it from the puppy's perspective I really wish my dog would come to me again
10,I can't stop crying every time she says goodbye to her owners. ㅜㅜ Stormy tears when I finally realized that Eden was Bailey. I watched it because someone told me not to be sad to watch it, but tears ㅜㅜ People who raise dogs won't be able to watch it without tears
1,This isn't right. How dare you beat Terminator?
10,I'm sorry I watched it so late. If someone asks me what's the best movie, I think I'll say Bailey Again
9,Bailey, you have to be happy! If you like dogs, you can't help but love them
9,Puppies, you were so cute. But the heroine's teenage years are not teenagers. If you woke up, you'd be a middle-aged woman. It's okay without that
10,It's such a happy movie and it's touching...It's that kind of movie, but I hope all pets will be happy.It's a movie that I want to watch again and again
10,
10,
10,As a dog owner, I saw it a long time ago, but I thought I didn't see it, so I paid for it on NAVER and watched it again through streamingIt's a new movie that makes me think a lot even if I watch it again after a long time.I love movies like this
10,It's really the best movie of my life.
10,It was a movie that I wanted to show to everyone in the world♡
10,The best movie. Watch out for your tears
10,I really want to see my baby again. It's a really good warm movie
10,
10,
10,It's a masterpiece. It was enough to make me cry because I've never raised a puppy
8,It's such a typical new drama, but in the end it makes me cry and laugh. The setting of reincarnation was also a little fresh as it was made in Hollywood movies.
10,From a dog's point of view, it may be childish or unrealistic in some ways, but it was fun to tell the story well
9,It was touching.
9,As Bailey lived several lives, Bosedog Bailey's owner continued to think of Eden, and Bailey's image of remembering the smell he smelled a long time ago was so impressive and touching.ㅠㅠ Also, dubbing the dog was quite witty, and it was a viewing point that increased the immersion in the movie.
10,It was so much fun.
9,Anyone who has ever given affection to something beyond a dog has a story that can be greatly sympathized with, and the story that captures that emotion is so heartwarming
10,It's sad...
10,From a Buddhist point of view, it's a wonderful story of meeting Im again while recalling the image of Yun Sai
10,The moment that made me want to raise a dog the most...
10,Olaf will be reincarnated as Bailey
9,It was fun. It was touching
10,It's so touching. What would a dog's life be like?
10,
10,
10,I happened to see it on TV and I wanted to see it from the second half, so I paid for it and watched it. It's been a long time since I saw a heartwarming movie, so I was happy
10,I cried over this weekendI have to be nicer to the dog. I'm so touched
10,Makes you feel cathartic in a depressing situation
10,
2,Why is the cat that stays still? It turns out that the director was born in the year of the dog
10,It's a touching and warm movie
10,I was sad throughout the movie because my dog crossed the rainbow bridge first. This is a real masterpiece.
10,That's a great story. It's so touching
1,
10,I miss my old dog so much.JinSoon, I miss you so much.I hope to see you again someday.Until then, bye!
10,
9,At the end, Bailey's monologue about dogs seems to be true of humans and makes me look back
8,A cute and lovely movie. It's a little below my expectations.
10,It's my life movie. I've never seen a movie that's so touching and empathetic.
10,Bailey, be happy! Puppies, let's be happy!
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,It's my first time writing a review. I didn't expect it, but it's a movie that touches me so much.It's going to be an unforgettable movie. It is a movie that feels not only the love of animals but also the love of people. I highly recommend it!
10,
10,I watched it with my dog who is undergoing chemotherapy. I cried a lot. Do you want me to reincarnate my dog like this again?
10,
10,It's really touching. I want to see it again.
10,I hope Dasom and Dajung will be rebornㅜㅜ
10,
10,It was so touching and fun to be reincarnated and returned to the original owner~~
10,
10,I happened to see it and it was so touching. It was so warm  It was fun thinking about dogs like that
10,I want to be with Judy Carrie forever
10,
10,I'm so touched. It was the best movie I've seen recently
10,
9,
10,
10,
10,Let's share our love with all the animals.
10,It's a movie with both sadness and emotion. It was perfect for me A healing movie that never gets tired of laughter and tears every time I watch it
10,5 stars for crying 5 times
10,
10,Boss dog
9,Watching this movie, I look at a dog licking my feet and think, "Is he a doctor in his previous life?"
9,
10,If these things happen to me,
10,Bailey, thank you for staying with me all my life
10,Will I be able to see you again?
10,
10,It's a movie that makes my heart overflowing. Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
7,There are warm beings who comfort and heal just by looking at them
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that's so touching. It's my life movie
4,It is calm but contrived, leaving a small lingering impression rather than a big emotion.
10,Even after I saw it, I was deeply moved and tears kept flowing...I'll never forget you, boss!
10,Bailey... I cried while watching it. It's such a nice warm movie
10,Best movie ever...
10,I loved it ㅠㅠ When I was a police dog in the middle ㅠㅠ I was so sad when my owner cried ㅠㅠ Even Eden who recognized Bailey at the end
10,
10,Our boss dog, I love you! Bailey, Bailey, Bailey!
10,
10,A movie without regrets. I watched a good movie after a long time
10,
10,It was worth getting up early on Sunday morning.My heart feels warm. You're the best!
10,I only like action movies. I've seen touching movies like this, but I didn't even cry. It's the best movie I watched while crying!Thank you.
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,"Wind of Tears" ㅠㅠ I cried while hugging my dog It's fun and touching
9,Enjoy this moment.Don't be sad about the past, don't be sad about what's coming, that's the reason for life.
1,The initial production was really admirable, but as the second half goes on, the fun is halved due to the forcedness.I don't think this movie deserves such a high rating.
10,OO Super Ultra Capsong Power Masterpiece
1,
10,When I saw the dog, which is the purpose of my life, I thought I should overcome the hardships and live for this friend. Let's be happy together, my friend
10,
10,It's a touching, heart-warming movie.I remember it for the first time after watching it.
10,Just tears the whole time I see you.I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I apologize. I love you. I love you
10,
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey ㅠㅠ
10,Despite the drama movie where animals are the main characters and dogs are the main characters, people say that it is just fun. It's a difficult topic, but I really enjoy it
10,
10,A movie that makes you feel emotional just by watching it.
10,It's so touching. Life movie ㅠㅠ
10,I keep crying while watching Bailey. May all the puppies in the world be happy
10,It was so touching It's my life movie
9,I saw it on the cable, and it was really touching and fun If I had watched it at the theater, I could have concentrated more and been deeply moved ㅠㅠ
10,
10,It was really impressiveIt's not provocative but funIt's touching. I strongly recommend it♥
10,It is very touching and the best movie I have seen this month. ㅜㅜ
9,Warm movies! I strongly recommend it as a family movie^^
9,How are you doing over there? My family misses you a lot
6,Why can't I give birth to a baby when I've been a dog for 4 times?
10,Our Kongsik is also a puppy leader
10,I was just really happy the whole time
10,Tears and emotions...ㅠㅠ I watched it more than 10 times.
10,Be here now! Learning life from a dog. The video was beautiful, the content was fun, and the whole family enjoyed watching it after a long time.
9,It was more interesting because I had a dog. Just as a person can't forget his first love, a dog can forget his first owner. It's funny and sad. At the end of the movie, tears come to tears
9,Cute, lovely, warm, sad...Come back to me like a movie. I'll wait. I'm sorry I wasn't good enough.
8,If you want to escape your solo, raise a dog.
10,What would you have done if you hadn't seen this movie? It's so touching!!!
7,They say that pets only wait for their owners in front of the gates of heaven, and how much more will the reincarnated children welcome us?
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey...It's nice to know you, too. I don't know if you don't watch a movie that's good to watch once in your life, but if you watch it, you'll feel something packed in your heart
7,Peggy Lipton, who plays Hannah in old age, died of colon cancer, a chronic disease, on May 11, 2019.
10,
10,Crazy... I miss you so much
10,If you have a pet, you'll cry
10,You can enjoy Olaf's voice with lovely puppies. (Olaf's voice acting is really the best...) A movie that makes my heart warm and happy.
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, be happy
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey!
10,The story may be predictable, but it's really funny and touching ㅠㅠ Todd or Tote, that guy was really annoying.^^ I've been up all night...
10,Hello, Bailey
10,I was happy to see myself in the scene where I met again, which is the point of appreciation for this movie.
7,I don't even have a dog, but I'm crying
7,a small and beautiful film
10,ㅜㅜI saw it on loan from Naver series on and it was really touching... You have to be nice to animals ㅜㅜ
1,
10,The first movie that made me cry three times while watching a movie
10,
10,Wow... Acting is not acting. Five dogs performing a million times and 10 million times better than bad actors. Awesome. Especially the first Bailey's thirsty in the car, slouching in a chair, panting, this is, uh, the dog's acting, right? ㅠㅠ The content, the acting, the cast. All of them were moving. It was a simple but tear-jerking movie. Make sure to watch it! Ah- Especially when little Eden grew into a young man, to his last years. From child actors to young actors, Dennis Quaid, I was surprised by the synchronization that I could believe even if he was one character. From casting, it was such a perfect movie!!!!
10,NAVER lent Bailey Again for free, so I watched it. It's fun and touching
10,
10,It's so touching. crying
6,The reason for raising a dog.
10,
10,If you have a pet, you will cry a lot of course
10,It's the best. I kept crying because I remembered my old dog who was lacking a lot It is a good move.
10,
9,How many times did you cry? Puppy is love.
8,Hi Bailey! It's you!
10,I'm with my dog, but it started to hurt as I got olderI was moved by this movie, and I hope that we can meet again after the child leavesI think it'd be good if you watched it once and felt your heart warm
10,
10,
10,After spending 1.1 days with my beloved brother Soon-dol, I couldn't calm down and went around the Internet like a junkie I saw it because I heard it helps with Petros syndrome. It was good to be able to indirectly achieve my earnest wish that our pretty Soon-dol would come back to me, but I was comforted by realizing again that anyone was parting with their pets. Of course, watching this movie will not completely heal the wounds and emptiness, but I want to recommend it in that I can get a little help. In fact, it is not easy to sympathize with the sadness of Petros in Korea yet. I hope you feel a little comforted by the movie.
10,
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Why did I watch this movie now?It was so touching and lovely and touching all the whole timeI hope my 15 year old dog will come back to me and be born again. I hope you will be born as my daughter in the next life.I watched it hopingㅠ
10,I'm crying.. ㅠㅠ I think everyone lived a different life and dogs are the same
8,I felt like I lost everything after leaving Shih Tzu 16 years old, like a son who devoted my 20s to raising my youth, but I survived because I was strong. Kiss, I'm sorry. Let's meet again later. I love you.
10,It's funny, touching, and lingering. It's nice
10,너 보스독이야?
10,I'm satisfied.
10,
10,Make sure you watch the best movie of your life, too!A healing movie
10,Make sure to watch it. It's fun Touching ㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching ㅜㅜ Crying and laughing Bailey is so lovely ㅠㅠ
10,I've come to understand dogs better It's so touching
8,It's a good movie, but it's a touching good movie. The rating inflation is too highIf it's a warm movie that touches your heart by looking at the poster, I think it'll be accurate if you lose 1 point each
10,I can't help but shedding tears I'm so touched
10,It reminds me of the dog I had when I was young.It's a warm movie that can be watched by anyone or anytime!
7,It shows how much the dog loves its owner. It is touching to see him miss his former master even after reincarnation. It has already directed that dogs are family, not animals.
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey. It was a great story about a dog and a human being. Bailey's voice sounds so familiar to you as Olaf Haha
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Always looking at me...
8,I got in trouble because I wanted to raise a dog that gave infinite affection to humans throughout the movie. The sacrifice of a dog who is loyal to a person even after reincarnation was sad and so cute
8,I feel emotional when I watch it
10,The best Bailey is love
10,
10,The fifth movie I saw... I cried my eyes out.
10,
10,Really, really great movie ㅠㅠ Bailey, be happy
10,I was really looking forward to it, and it exceeded my expectations. It's a very touching and warm movie. I want a lot of people to see it ^_^
10,When I watch a movie with a dog, I keep crying and watch it, but I wanted to watch it As expected, I cried while watching it. It was so touching.
10,What is the acting skills of dogs? ㅠㅠ I cried the whole time I watched it. Heartwarming movie... I strongly recommend it
10,The critics are giving me such a low score.I was really touched and enjoyed watching it.A low score doesn't bring back a sense of professionalism.
10,
10,I still don't know why this movie series doesn't appear. It's a movie of my life. Especially for pet owners
9,Bailey, why do you keep being born a dog? The flow seems to be cut off in the middle, but the final step is to conclude. ♡ The movie that makes me think a lot about my dog. ♡ The Baylivos dog ♡
8,I wish you'd come back like Bailey.
10,It was so nice to see it every time, and I was sad because I was raising a dog, and on the other hand, I thought I should take care of it more.And I saw the respect of the pratchers. I said I'll keep my respect after writing something nice. I got 5 points
10,It's so touching. The best movie of my life
10,I think it's the first time I watched a movie sobbing. It's been more than 10 years since I sent my dog away, and I'm sorry that I couldn't say hello, so I can't even dream of it. I hope you can come back to me when I have a dog I'm sorry.
10,I love you, Rex. Let's live long. 5 points.I usually cry a lot, but I cried alone when my girlfriend was next to me.I love it. Napping belt
10,
10,I watched it yesterday and cried. It reminds me of cats in heaven.I hope my cat was born again in a good place.
10,My tears... ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's Bailey.2
7,It's an ordinary drama that makes you feel touched
10,You'll see why you're in the top ranks. I hope you watch it
10,Even the best movie sequel of my life is perfect
10,It's the best movie everㅠ
10,I saw it in the middle because it was being aired on cable channel, and I was so moved that I cried It's a masterpiece
10,I happened to see it, but it's so touching.
10,The panorama of life, Bailey... the rise of the reincarnation theory
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey. The last scene I met with Eden was so touching.
10,Let's live happily.
10,Living as a human being is like a bee A movie to watch when you feel it. What a pure soul.
10,A must-see movie for dogs.
10,Hi, Bailey. It's fun to watch again
10,This is so sad
9,Touching... Fun...Got it
10,I was going to cry, so I didn't want to watch it, but... I cried my eyes out in the last scene. I've always missed the kid who crossed the rainbow bridge 17 years ago, and I hope the kid next to me is him. It was a heartwarming happy movie.
10,A heartwarming and beautiful movie. It's a movie that makes me think that people should learn a lot from animals.
10,How many times did I cry the whole time?I hope you come to me even if you're born again like a movie
7,a heartwarming and lovely movie
10,The best, the best, the best, the best, the best, the best! ㅠㅠ일리
10,Donuts are always next to me
8,A touching panorama story
10,The best movie... I hope my child doesn't forget me and stays with me.
10,The good movie was so lovelycrying
10,Is there a creature like a dog that gives unconditional love? We will make you happier when we are next to you. Walks and snacks all the time.
10,I really enjoyed itI'surely
10,How come there's no such thing as "Hi, Bale" in related movies?
10,I realized the importance of Monggu in my house again. Compared to the 2nd one, the 1st one is much more touching.crying
10,A movie that wept throughout the whole time.Why am I crying?What does Happy think?What do you want to think about and talk about when you see me who can't go home often because I work in a foreign country?I want to see if it's pretty.
10,It's really, really fun. I think it's the best animal movie I've ever seen.I couldn't take my eyes off the movie for a moment from the beginning to the end.
8,It stimulates your tear glands and makes you look back on your life
10,I watched it a bit late, but please watch the best movie of the year Look twice
10,If you don't need words, I love all the puppies in the world
9,Bailey, is that really you?  Boss dog
10,It's my first time getting a star ㅠㅠ It's so touching, and every time I was born again, I cried, and at the end, when Bailey recognized me, I cried my eyes out It's a really fun and touching movie
8,A really good movie that touches your heart. It's so touching even though I don't have a dog. I wonder how touching it will be for people who have a dog.
10,Look when you're alone.You cry, you break the thread, you break the thread, and you cry again.My mom knew I was crazy
10,Wow, as an old dog owner, it's so fun and sadㅜㅜ
10,Bailey, I love you so much!!
10,I'm going to enjoy my tears and runny vacation. ㅠㅠ!!
10,Hi, Bailey is hereI wanted to watch it for a long time, so I turned on season 1 to kill time.I cried a lot while watching itHi, Bailey. I think I should go see you, too
10,It's good. It's so touching
10,The movie that made my eyes tear up...
8,I was so into this warm and kind movie starring dogs as Typhoon Lingling heard the wind passing outside.There are scenes where tears naturally get heated up.
10,ㅠㅠ I was so touchedㅠㅠ I strongly recommend itcrying
10,I thought it was more touching because it was an obvious story. I was so sad that I didn't forget even if I was born again and again.
10,Hi, Bailey. I'll take a look at it first. I'll rent it ㅠㅠ..... Baileyㅠㅠ. Please stay with me all the whole time
10,Bye! Bailey will be released tomorrowI cried a lot when I watched Bailey Again. It was a touching movieI'm looking forward to the next episode^^
10,I cried because I thought of my dogsㅠ
7,a humane encounter between Buddhist philosophy and apprenticeship
10,Let's do well when we're here. Dog's dog's life is too short.
10,Best movie ever. Best movie ever
10,My heart got so warm and healed. Even though I saw it twice, I cried and was happy. Thank you for making this movie
10,The feeling of recognizing Bailey...
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I didn't watch it because I thought it would be sad, but I saw it now. I hope this puppy comes back to me
10,Even though I don't have a pet, I cried a lot
10,It reminds me of my puppy. It's fun
10,If you're a person who recommends something to Ilbe, you need to be able to feel the emotion
10,It's more than just a puppy
10,If you watch this movie with your dog, it will make you tear up and feel emotional. The movie that will see my dog next to me again! Boss dog!
10,Strongly recommended ㅠㅠ꼭 Make sure to watch it!
10,The best movie. I want to have a dog
10,It was a heart-warming movie
10,The 2nd episode will be released next month. I'm going to watch it It's a warm movie that makes my heart go down and get sentimental. Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,It's the first wordless movie to leave a rating.Touching.
10,It's fun.The moment Eden recognized me... I just cried my eyes out. ㅜㅜ
10,It was good to see the life and thoughts of dogs.It's a sad movie
10,A masterpiece ㅠㅠ I cried my eyes out
8,Caching. King. Bringing a rugby ball. King. Should we do something cool? King. King. King. Licking his face. Bailey! Bailey! Bailey! Every time I saw something, I felt like I had lost weight, but in May, Peggy Lipton, who plays Hannah, died of colon cancer. Shock.
8,I happened to see it on the screen today. It was touching and funWhen Eden recognized Bailey, I didn't know I was crying.
10,I strongly recommend it! Oh! Bailey! Bailey! Bailey!
10,I watched it without much thought because they did it on TV. I thought it would be comical because the dog talked to me, but if I shed tears, it's sad and fun and touching. There's a pet cat, so I was watching it while stroking it, and there were a lot of emotions ㅠㅠㅠIt's sad, but it's warm and touching
10,Bye! I'm looking forward to Bailey, too
10,The best movie. I almost cried
10,The movie of the greatest emotion and love
10,It's so beautiful and it lingers in my mind. I cried a lot
8,This is what I learned in my life as a dog. Be happy, obviously, whenever possible, find and save the one you need. Lick the people you love. Don't hesitate to do what you can. Just stay here now
10,Hi, Bailey. It's coming out on the 5th of next month, so I'm going to run to the movie theater on the 5th
10,It's a heart-warming movie. Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey
10,It was the best movie for me who loves animals. I hope my 12-year-old dog stays with me for a long time
10,I saw it from the middle and I cried a lot ㅠㅠT
10,I happened to see it and I'm touched ㅠㅠ
7,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, or whatever, there was nothing in my mouth Haha
10,I hope Kangji lives and comes back to me... I couldn't stop crying because I thought of Kangji throughout the movie.
8,It's fun, but I feel so sorry for Ethan's dad who comes out first. I didn't want to raise him, but my son gave me permission because he wanted to, but I ended up ruining my boss's hospitality because of him, failing to get promoted, getting fired from my job, becoming an alcoholic, and being abandoned by alcoholics.  Bailey's the enemy to my dad.
10,It's such a beautiful and heartwarming movie I was able to look back on myself and think again about whether I've lived too long and I had a hard time holding back my tears... It's a crazy beautiful and happy movie... It's a movie that lacks 10 points
10,I saw it because I was bored, but I didn't expect to cry out loud after watching it
10,It's so touching and touching. I love you, Jenny Wow
10,Wow, why didn't I watch this movie in the theater?It is a masterpiece that will remain one of life's masterpieces.
10,Ah~~~I watched this movie with tears in my eyes because I thought of my puppy who crossed the rainbow bridge a few years ago.Will my dog come back to find me?crying
10,The last scene... He cried
10,I cried my eyes out. It is such a beautiful movie. I hope you can come to me forever.I burst into tears at the end
10,How many times does a bad movie make you cry?
10,I watched it with my family on Vod. I've been crying the whole time ㅜㅜ.. Make sure you watch it. It's going to be shown in the second episode next month. I can't wait to see how touching it will beㅠ
10,I cried the whole timeI thought for a moment that Haengwoon, who lives with us now, was also our genie in the pastI'm so happy that I watched a movie that made my heart warm after a long time~^^♡
10,Just watch it no matter what. a heartwarming movie
10,I cried a lot in the middle of the day.
10,It's my first time writing down my GPA.Please look...
10,I sent my dog from 3rd grade to 21st grade until February, and when I went home, I still rang the doorbell, and I was careful not to step on the blanket and be under the blanket. Will you be my dog if you are born again like this movie?
10,Aside from all the work, probability, and artistry, it will be a lifetime movie for me, who has a dog. I will make my beloved dog happy to come back to me on the Nth episode of dog life.
10,It was so touching. I cried from beginning to end
10,Bell, I miss you.
10,It's so sad that I can't watch it well, but it's not too sad. It's fun. I was really impressed.
10,Let's just give love to angel pets who give generously.
10,Make sure you watch it. At the end, you cry.ㅠㅠ Now my favorite movie, Bailey Again
10,It was so touching and I cried my eyes out ㅠ
9,It's touching. It gives me a good message.
10,I was going to watch this at the theater, but I watched it late at home.If I were at the movie theater, I would have cried a lot.When I had a dog for over 10 years, I was always preparing for the end, and I was so sad that I didn't forget my first owner during my reincarnation...It's so touching
10,I was happy and sad the whole time I was watching. Make sure to watch it!
1,It's not fun. Movies have to be fun. Boring. Bring back my time
10,Touching, sad, smiling, and the brilliance of life
10,It reminds me of the dog I had when I was young. I had a hard time for several years, but I decided to raise a dog after watching a movie. I've been struggling in vain without anyone to rely on. Thank you.
10,A heartwarming and uplifting movie. And the automatic tear button
10,A must-see movie if you like dogs
10,Hi, Bailey. I saw it to kill time, and it was so touching and I cried a lot. Mango, I love you!
10,It's my first time to get a rating after watching a movie. It's such a good movie. I used to watch animal movies because I liked them, but another masterpiece came out. It's such a warm and wonderful movie. I cried a lot while watching it. There are many good movies such as Journey, Wolf Dog, and Hachi, but I will never forget this movie
10,It's really so touching and ㅜㅜ I hope to meet my owner again in my next life!!!1
10,Marley and I cried after watching a dog movie. I cried after watching a movie
10,I felt directly that animals are the purest creatures in the worldTake a look. Take a look at it twice It was so touching
10,It's a movie that's really touching and fun. If you have a dog, make sure to watch it. You're going to cry a bucket of tearsㅜㅜ
10,I cried a lot. I want you all to watch this movieㅠ
10,It was a movie that I thought would be boring, but it was so touching and healing.
10,It was a movie that left a lot of emotions
10,I cried a lot when the typhoon cameㅜㅜ Let's be together for a long time
10,It's a moving movie that makes me cry so much. I want people to think about all animals, not just pets.
10,I miss you, Bori... The sky must be happy, right?
10,Please look at it. It's a heart-warming movie that makes you cry and laughㅠㅠㅠㅠ Puppies must be angels...
10,I cried a lot in the last scene thinking about my puppy who went to heavenI want to meet him again and pat him
10,Whether it's a dog or a cat, you have to take time and sacrifice in your life If you can't walk me for more than an hour every day, don't even dream of it, you one-room jerks
10,It's different to see a person from a dog's point of view, and it's really touching.
10,It was so touching. It's lovely
10,The reincarnation of the dog is a fun operation of a fun setting
10,It is indeed a blessing to be born in a good environment.Let's not lose anything important because of the courage and pride of a short time just by loving.
10,After a very interesting and touching movie, a flood of emotion comes in
10,A masterpiece came out after a long time!
10,It's the best movie ever crying
10,ㅠㅠI cried a lot when I was raising a dog ㅠㅠㅠ It's so touching until the end
10,Make sure to watch it. It's been a long time since you all cried
10,It's touching. I recommend it.
10,Roomgok, running
10,I cried while watching it. So heart-warming
10,Every scene from the beginning to the end is touching
10,It's saddest that I didn't see this in the cinema. It's a masterpiece and a dog owner will cry at least six times. I'm crying right now, so I'm crying.I'm so touched when you watch "My Eyes Are Half Open"
10,back and forth to one's original position
10,I'll be nicer to you when I come back, Kiki. I'm sorry and I love you. Let's meet again
10,For those who raise dogs and send them to the sky...Wouldn't it be like a dream?Without realizing it, I was tearing up.ㅠ
10,A heart-warming movie. The system in which dogs continue to reincarnate is also unique. Dogs, I love you.
10,When Eden recognized Bailey, she cried and had a runny nose. ㅜㅜ
10,Please be born again...So cute. I will still be pretty even if I am born a hundred more times. a movie that will never get tired of watching againI highly recommend it!
10,A touching story that anyone who raised a dog would relate to
10,The last line touches my heart.
10,Bailey, live happily ever after with Eden
10,Our plum! I love you so much!
10,It's my first time to get a NAVER star rating. I thought it was an obvious puppy movie, but I watched it with moist eyes throughout the movie I think it's a great movie
10,The first score left. The movie isn't that sad, but why do I cry the whole time I watch it?
10,The movie that I watched with great concentration ♡♡ May Kangji, a precious angel, come to me...
1,Nice to see Dennis Quaid showing his attractive side after a long time after the sequence. However, I was not impressed because I didn't have any communication with my pet. Of course, there's a moving point, but I don't know. It's not personal taste
9,If you have a dog, you can't help but shedding tears. It's so nice that it's not a forced emotion. It's just that the dog's daily life itself touches you. So I cry
10,Best movie. A movie that lets you know the joy of life that you have to live with a purpose.
10,It's my first time to get a movie score. The best movie to understand your pet's heart
10,If our puppy leaves his life later, will he be reincarnated again? Then I thought it would be nice if you could come back to me. The movie was calm, lingering and touching. My dog was on the TV and I was following him when he barked, but...lol
1,There's nothing to it. No touching, no fun. I don't know why the rating is high.
10,It's a masterpiece Recommend.
10,The movie I love so much ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that makes animals more affectionate. A movie that makes us love Mingming more
10,A movie that reminds me of my hometown's dogs and the dogs that I used to run with when I was young
10,A few months ago, on my way to the countryside, a cat was lying in front of an apartment complex. He looked like he was hit by a car and was busy avoiding passing traffic. Me too, but I came back and buried him in the country. And I met a cat named Raon
10,It's the best compliment I can give
10,Make sure to watch it. I don't have a dog at homeEven so, it's a movie that makes us think about life around us again.
10,It was impressive. But it's not that fun.
10,Why did I know this movie now?
10,As a dog owner, I cried most of the timecrying
10,If you ever had a dog, you'd have cried more
10,The movie makes dog owners cry a lot, especially those who raise old dogs. Half of my heart wants my dog to meet a better owner in the next life and half of my heart wants him to come to me again. If I meet a bad owner and suffer, my heart will be hurt.
10,I resent myself for my lack of expression.I can only say that it's good for a movie that's so touching and warm.
10,You can express it in two words. Awesome.
1,로키키트리데이어
10,I wanted to be comforted after leaving my 14-year-old child yesterday. In my next life, I hope to meet my dog as a friend who I can talk to for a long time, not as a dog owner. I'll make sure I'm not late. Come and meet me, baby
7,A well-made drama, emotional connection with a dog makes me cry
3,The story was good, but honestly, it was boring Things change from time to time
7,I thought about the lives of dogs living with people Bailey in the movie says it was good, but it makes me wonder what it's like in reality. I personally think it was too contrived to meet Eden and Hannah at the end. It was like a well-designed fairy tale movie
10,It's the first rating I've ever hadI thought it would be obvious because you said it was a puppy movie, but it's not obvious at all. It's a fun, touching story. There's nothing missing. I've been laughing and crying all the time. I really recommend it!
9,Puppies are really good at acting. It was cute and touching
10,Even if you don't have a dog, you can feel the emotion of the movie. The puppy's strong acting was so cute
10,It wasn't a sad movie, but I cried the whole time I watched it It was fun, touching, heartbreaking, and I cried so much.
10,The movie that made me cry the whole timeThinking about Pooh and Sarang...
10,How many times did I cry ㅜㅜ
1,Non-State Burden of Coastal Ports along the Hard Circular Road
10,A movie that makes you cry without hesitation.
10,It's a warm and peaceful movie ♡
10,I love it. I don't really like movies with animals, but it was a free movie, so I turned it on. It was the best. There was no time to be bored, fun, too
10,You're the best! It's a movie that I will be remembered forever I can't forget Bailey ㅠㅠ
10,It was a beautiful story like a fairy tale
10,There was nothing to do on TV for free, so I watched it, and it seemed like a dog was living, so I wasn't interested in it at first, but then I was crying, and it became my life movie It's my first time to leave a score. I thought I had to leave a score Try watching it even if it's time- please
10,It wasn't forced. It was even better.  How many times did I cry ㅠㅠ..It's fun.It was the best movie ever
10,It was so touching and the puppies were so cuteI don't get tired of watching it many timesIt's been a while since I cried and laughed so warmly I want to find a dog in my life
10,She's so lovelycrying
10,A movie that warms my heart
10,The best movie of my life, dog owners will sympathize with me. I love you, Seollal?
10,If you have a dog, can you not cry while watching this movie?
10,It's the best. I'm just tearing up. Puppies are love. Seriously!
10,I love my dog, Happiness.
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a heartwarming movie, and I wonder if it's still lingering, Kiki, let's live a long time, and when the day comes when we break up, I hope you'll come to see me like Bailey in the future
10,It's fun and touching^^
9,Be here now! It would have been better if Garden and Hannah were happy to meet sooner
10,It's a heart-warming movie. I cried a lot while watching it
9,The human life that Bailey sees, and the dog with them, the love that dogs have for humans is so pure that tears flow. The movie reminds me of my old dog who liked me unconditionally
10,I'm really touched.I was impressed by my life movie
10,It's so touching. I think it'll linger for a long time
9,I cried after watching a movie for the first time in a while.I feel sorry for the policeman. ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's touching. I really recommend it
5,This needs to be heard from the cat.
9,Boss dog! Woof! I cried so much ㅜㅜ I was so annoyed
10,I hope you're happy wherever you are
10,Please come to me when I'm born again
10,Fantasy for all dogs
10,I thought of my dog who went on a trip far away, so I cried and laughed at an episode that I could relate to. I thought you'd say "My name is Bailey" but it was so funny. It was a movie that made me happy!
1,A dog is a man's best friend.  I can give you about seven points, but the rating is too high.
10,There is no need for words.Peanut, I love you
10,I love it. I want to recommend it
10,It's my first time getting a GPA.ㅠㅠYou have to be nicer to my dog ㅜㅜㅜ
10,It's my first time to get a star.It's so much fun.
10,Life is fun and happy.
9,The love I had raised at home was finally given to my acquaintance's house, and while watching this movie, I felt sorry and sorry. Whether it's an animal or a person, the earnest sincerity works
6,What is the purpose of life?  If you're curious about the answer you got after four reincarnations,
10,It is also true that dogs endured the fantasy that dogs dream of and the scenes that they take for people. From the perspective of a dog who didn't know that fact, I really want to see the movie, Minkya Maruya, as a dog who raised a dog who crossed the rainbow bridge.
10,You can register up to 140 characters.Any content or spoiler that has nothing to do with the movie may be sanctioned by the terms and conditions.
10,It was a movie that lingers in my mind
1,I can't believe it.Really
10,Good, good, good!Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey!
10,ㅠㅠ The movie I cried the most in my life ㅠㅠ It's not just because I'm sad, but because of my dog and Maru, who have been together since 2005. Let's live together for a long time. And if we break up in the distant future, please come back like Bailey.
10,Thank you so much for making a movie like this, even crying twice and touching at the end 짐crying
10,You can imagine a new way of thinking about the behavior of dogs, and think about the lives of dogs and humans in different situations. There are many famous lines, and I think about my life regardless of having a dog. You can see human life as a forest. A deep film that makes you reflect on the reason for existence.
10,Life movie... There are so many things I felt
10,Ah ㅠㅠ Dumpling you ㅠㅠ T
10,I cried so much that my eyes were swollen
10,A movie that makes you happy and warm
10,You just have to look at it.
10,My favorite movie... If you have a dog, please watch it I won't regret it!
10,I recommend it! I hope that all animals will not be abused and abandoned dogs will no longer come out and live happily and loved. Before you raise an animal, think about whether you can take responsibility until the end.Please adopt me.I'm the only one they know.제발 Please my house plum. Love you!
10,I'll give you the first 10 stars.There are pleasant, moderate tears and touching moments.It doesn't seem like much, but I have a lot of thoughts. As a dog person, I want my babies to think of me like that.My favorite movie...
10,No words needed ㅜㅜ Let the clouds live happily for a long time ㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that I want to show my son when he grows up. I really enjoyed it and I hope my dog stays with him for a long time
9,It's a movie made by a dog as the main character, and I'm curious about how dogs act, but it tells the answer to the human life seen as a dog's life. Let's live happily.
10,How many times did I cry while watching it?Touching, hugging and kissing the dogs sleeping next to you while crying, it was the best movie ever.Why is the dog short-lived? The last moment of my baby crossing the rainbow bridge is so scary.
10,You're the boss dog?  I've never felt this way since Eightville. It's fun. Puppies act is the best. It's a good movie
10,A pet is a family.
10,It's a tearfully happy movie ㅠㅠ
10,Bailey cried every time she died and cried again at the end.The best movie of my life.
10,I cried many times. Hing Bailey is lovely
10,Bailey and Wally cried at the end I hugged the puppies in my lap and said "I love you" and "Thank you" over and over again
10,It reminds me of the poem, "Kim Choon Soo - Flower"
10,A lovely film about Bailey running on a wheat field. A film that clearly shows the beauty of simple power. I watched it without any expectations, but it became my life movie.
10,a warm and interesting movie
10,I'm so touched... I really want my puppy to be next to me...
10,Moongchi, I miss youㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I hope it's always like the touching moments of this movie
10,If you love dogs, please take the time to watch it
10,I kept crying because I remembered my cherry who went far away. I should have been nicer to her and loved her.
10,My babies, and all the life in the world, I love you ♥?
10,I kept crying because I thought of my dog while watching it. I hope we can live together for a long time
7,I can't put animals on the cast list?  Why
10,I am very sensitive and have three dogs, and I have gone mad
10,After watching the movie, the dog sleeping under my feet looks more lovely. I will send you more time and love you.
10,It was a happy and immersive movie all the time.It was definitely the best!
10,I'm so touched
10,You're the best. Sendol, I love you. See you next time
10,ㅜㅜ In a way, it's not a big deal, but it really touches me.
10,Look. I recommend it.
10,You have to keep this movie.
10,I still miss my dog... You're on your way back, right? It's a movie that makes me think like a dream It's very sad
10,When I saw it, I cried.
10,It's the best... Tears are coming out at the end.  If you haven't watched it, please watch it
10,Bailey's Gain is such a good movie
10,What should I do?  My favorite movie... There's nothing missing. It's the best. I hope it's realcrying
10,Even if our dog's life isn't his final destination, I hope he thinks he was happy ㅠ
1,Goppa is a social evil.
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie ㅠㅠ I really enjoyed it. It's the best!!!
10,My dog, Byul. I love you.
10,Dogs are love. Better than man.
10,I don't usually cry. a well-balanced spring of tears
10,Wow... It's my favorite movie.  Make sure to watch it
10,It's a world that's easy to bring and throw away, but I'll do my dog well so that he doesn't regret coming to me until the moment he dies.
10,I don't like movies like this The movie is sad, happy, sad, happy, and happy. I like the happy ending But I'm giving him 10 points. It's one of the masterpieces in my life.I cried so much
10,My buddy, who has always been with me, I love you. I will love you more tomorrow
10,A touching movie. A really touching movie
10,It's touching and fun! Recommendation Recommendation >.<
10,It reminds me of Baro I used to raise.
10,It reminds me of my dog who crossed the rainbow bridge and I hope to meet him again someday...!
8,Vosdock has left many lessons and wise sayings throughout his life Don't be sad about the time that passed, focus on the present, enjoy it, help others, and live a happy life
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,I love you, my babies, forever
10,I hope the movie "My" comes out on "Happily" I'm so happy. Will Mongsil be able to come back? I really want to watch it again
5,It's definitely a tearful movie, but the completeness and quality of the movie are very disappointing. I don't think it's worth 9 points on Naver. But it's a movie that anyone who has a dog should watch at least once.
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,It's my first time leaving a star. I kept crying because I thought of my dog It was my favorite movie
10,If it's so funny, make sure to watch it after laughing and crying
10,It's a movie that I want to recommend to everyone, whether you have a dog or not.I really want to see Ddui who will be home alone.
10,When I'm depressed or sad, my dog's face makes me feel better
10,I hope that Korean people will be with their dogs as a true family forever
10,Please come to my dream. I really miss you, I'm sorry, and I love you
10,A trick that makes me cry, I am sometimes surprised to see my dog next to me and see if he is related to me.
9,I saw it on TV and it's touching
10,That's the best... That's all I can say.
10,Tino, the last...I'm crying
10,It's the best of the best. It's fun to express feelings for dogs. It's not boring in the middle, and the story is fresh. It's a masterpiece
1,I've been watching it for an hour and it's so boring. When will it be fun?
10,I'm touched. I've been watching it crying all the time. I hope all the good dogs and bullies will disappear. ㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching. I need 10 more points. Make sure you watch it
10,Bailey's a thousand times better than man
10,I think this kind of movie is a masterpiece
10,A movie where a dog is waiting
10,We are dogs to them. In District Nine, we are aliens to them.
10,Why did I know this kind of movie now?ㅠㅠI hope my dog lives happily for a long time, too
10,Please re-release it. I want to see it again on a really big screen ㅠㅠ So touching movie ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Don't be sad about the past, be content with the present and enjoy life.I can relate to that line ㅠㅠ Bailey's coming back again, meeting Eden and connecting love again. It was so touching  After watching this movie, I think I should be nicer to my dog.
10,It's a must for those who have dogs... My whole family cried.
10,I got a star because of this.It's so touching and calm, but it shakes my heart and rings. The puppies were all cute and sad ㅠㅠ It was a very happy and heartwarming movie
10,What a perfect movie, a stream
10,It's the best movie. It's a masterpiece
10,It's touching. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's touching. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,He's good at acting. It's a person's life, and I'm touched that I shouldn't live a dog's life easily
10,While watching it with the groom, Bailey... It's very touching
10,How can you act so well? I've lived alone for a long time, but I want to raise a dog.  It was such a warm and touching movie
10,A movie that makes you want to watch again. A movie that makes you cry
10,Bailey Again. I love it
10,The best. I can't really read a dog's mind, but I felt like I was reading a dog's mind for a while
8,A ridiculous movie, but one that made me cry.  Miru, please come to me anytime ㅜㅜ The movie that made me wish.
8,Why isn't a dog on the actor list, you're saying it's a dog...
10,Thank you for making such a movie ㅠㅠ
10,I'm so touched for the second time-- 10 points short
10,It reminded me of Lucky and made me cry.ㅠㅠI hope I can meet Lucky again...
10,I love you so much, Noel
10,I expected some tears, but thank you very muchI'll engrave the meaning of the movie
10,It's the movie of my lifeㅜㅜ I'm sure I'm happy, but I don't know why I'm crying.
10,I found out a good movie late
10,If you have a pet, please watch this moviecrying
10,A movie that your pets will like! Breaking up is not an eternal separation, but a new beginning.
10,The dog was so cute and the title "Bailey Again" hit home
9,A movie that really heals me
10,It was so nice because it was a good picture of the dog guardians who wanted to come to me even if I was born again.
10,I've seen Gilbert Graff more than a dozen times, and I knew it today. ^^
10,Every time Bailey died, I criedㅠㅠ I've never seen a movie that cried so muchcrying
9,It's a movie that's very healing and touching. If you like dogs, please watch it.
10,It's so much fun. I'll watch my life's movies and read books
9,Each story was touching
10,Let's meet again. I love you, my dog
10,I thought it was a family movie, but I cried my eyes out. The story is solid.
10,I only saw the back, but I'm going to watch the beginning later, too!
10,It's touching. I believe that our dogs will meet again later
10,This movie is so good. Bailey Bosdock
10,ㅠㅠIt's so touching. If you raise a dog and like it, make sure to watch it!
10,The first perfect movie of my life
10,Like the original title of the movie, the movie that gave you a chance to think about the dog's purpose once. Bailey, Boss Dog! Woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof woof!
10,I hope Ddochi who crossed the rainbow bridge misses me somewhere and lives happily. ^^
10,Now I hope to meet my pretty child across the rainbow bridge someday.
10,I'm the only one who loves me more than I love myself. I'm the only one who can love others more than I love myself. Let's meet again, but... In the next life, let's be friends by being born as a person who is loved by a rich house instead of a dog
10,It's an animal movie, but it's not childish and it's touching and lingering. Dogs are the closest animals to humans and never betray them. I hope you take responsibility when raising a dog.It costs more than I thought and I get lonely easily.But you are the best friend, family, and always give me joy
10,I really miss you, Ppuku. Sorry for taking care of you. Can we meet again?I will never have a dog again. It's a lucky movie
10,A series of touching lines...crying
10,I cried four times. The last scene and lines are also the best!
10,I cry even if I don't have a dogㅜㅜ I miss my puppy who died because of my parents when I was 9 years old.
10,I don't raise animals, but it was a movie that made me feel warm and sad
10,My first and last puppy, Semi. Can we see each other again? Will you wait for me? I'll definitely go, so please wait
10,Really... As a person who raised an animal, I cried every time I crossed the rainbow bridge. ㅠㅠ
8,The story or causal relationship doesn't look very detailed, but it's pretty good. It's worth seeing.
10,Legendary Bailey Legend Bailey Gain Legend Puppy Legend
10,If you are born again, please come to my mom. I will find out!crying
10,It's a touching movie. a movie of one's life
10,I didn't expect much, but I cried a lot.
10,A movie that reminds me of my dog
10,To be a bit of a jumbo at this moment.  That is the purpose of life.   I'm touched~~~
10,It's a must-see movie for all people who have dogs or not!A horse dog, a cat, a chicken, a goat...The supporting actors' acting was good, too^^
10,It's my first time getting a GPA. The movie is so good.
10,Angels who give humans unconditional and unlimited love to the point where they wonder how they can only give love like that. Let's be happy here today. I love you!
10,It is a touching movie. ㅠㅠ I hope you will be my puppy again. ㅠㅠ I want to see it
10,고여기 있어요.
10,I can't stop crying.  I'm so touched.
10,Thank you. It's fun.
10,No matter how many times I watch it, tears...I hope you come to me in your next life.
10,If you have a dog, you can't help but cry when you watch the movie. You can't help but cry when you watch it again. I don't know if I can stand the end with my dog, but... I promise to be nicer to you when you're next to me.
10,It is such a good movie ㅜㅜ. It warms my heart ㅜㅜ
10,Wow, how many times did you cry?
8,Let's do well when we have pets. A touching and warm movie
8,The heart-warming movie dogs were so cute, too!
10,I was so touched... I was hit by human relationships and had a lot of things to worry about, but I got healed after watching it!
7,A movie about a puppy's life in a calm and warm way. Draw the meaning of life in the form of a pure puppy like a child.
10,A movie where you laugh and cry ^^ Boss Dog!
4,It's more touching when you look at it in a book. The movie was worth watching, too That's too bad.
10,ㅠㅠ Touching ㅠㅠ When I crossed the rainbow bridge, I cried because I remembered our dragon. ㅠㅠ
9,It's so much fun. Make sure to watch it
1,I don't like dogs, but I saw them because they said it was fun. It's very childish.ㅠ
10,A lovely heart-warming movie that makes you cry and laugh all the time you watch, and you find me smiling, I love you Bailey!
10,I'm so touched. Even if I watch it late, I find it and give it
10,I watched it to show (G)I-DLE, but I fell in love with it. I cried a little and laughed. Make sure to watch it!
10,I watched it with tears in my eyes. ㅠㅠ Eh... Bailey's so prettycrying
10,I cried watching a movie after a long timeㅠㅠ Bailey Bailey Bailey Bailey... be warm-hearted A Dog's Purpose :)
10,You have to come to me even if you are born again. Promise me, my dog
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey.
10,I really enjoyed the movie that made my heart warm^^ You're so lovely
10,It's really touching! ㅜㅜ
10,Not to the point of tears, but very touching and funny
10,I'm not crying because I'm sad, but I'm crying because I'm touched.It's not a rough wave, but a calm wave that leaves a lingering impression
10,I'm sorry I didn't see you at the theater ㅜㅜ Such a warm and touching movie ㅜㅜ
10,[It's my first time watching a movie with a score of 10 or less]Beloved Bailey reincarnated as a brave police dog, Shepherd Ellie => reincarnated as Welsh Corgi Tino => reincarnated as Saint Bernard Dougie] and eventually returned to his owner.I'd like to cut off the tongue of those who say it's just a pet fantasy
10,A movie that doesn't need words but the best!
10,I regret not watching it at the theater.
10,I went to see Henry's follow-up film, but it was unexpected. ㅠㅠ Romgok Op-High ㅠㅠ It's my favorite movie
10,The whole family is crying
10,It's the best. It touches my heart and makes me think a lot
10,It's a movie that's so touching and touching.
10,It doesn't seem realistic, but it's a very realistic movie. There are people who love dogs more than family, while there are people who treat dogs without responsibility. If anyone wants to raise a dog, don't forget the initial commitment, for a dog, its owner is more than a family. Bailey, I love you!
10,I cried watching it. ㅠㅠ It's a very moving movie
10,I happened to watch the drama because it was canceled and it was so touching and fun. It's a movie that's like a joy, anger and sorrow. It's the best.
10,I just saw it on the screen channel It's so touching. I watched the last scene with tears in my eyes. ㅜㅜ It's the best!
9,I don't even have a pet, but I could relate to it, but I was happy and sad that the emotions of Eden and Bailey in the movie were conveyed crying
10,I hope I was a good master. May you come back to me.
10,I thought it was just sweet potatoes, but sweet potato mousse is the best
10,It's sad that dogs can be happy or terrible depending on which owner they meet, and that humans can control a life. Puppies, be happy
10,I remembered Haneul who went to heaven a few months ago. Let's meet again. ♥
10,The puppy who cries every time I see it, it's love...
8,It's worth watching, but I think the 9 points is too generous
10,Laughing, crying, laughing, crying... The movie that made me laugh at the end
10,I always want to be with Hyewon. When this life ends, I want to be born as a dog in the next life, or if that doesn't work, I want to be a dog if I am the owner and Hyewon is the owner, and Hyewon is the owner.
10,It's a heart-warming movie^^
10,What did Sammy think about when she was with me for 5 years, which could have been short or short, when she was with me?I'm so sorry, my family. I wish you could come back to me like Bailey I won't forget your eyes
10,I kept crying because I remembered my puppy who spent my teenage and 20s with me like Bailey. I never thought I had a dog in my life again, but seeing this makes me want to raise it again.  Let's definitely meet again. Until then, be healthy, happy, and happy
10,Touching... I was crying and laughing
10,Except for the curly-haired girl, everyone got cancer, but the last one is touching ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's my first time getting a movie rating. I wonder why I watched this movie now I don't think I could have made my dog happier as a dog owner, so I want him to come back like this movie when he's crying and now he's dead.
10,It's not just sad, it's a touching story ㅠㅠ The puppies are so cute.
10,I think it's my life movie. It's very fun and touching
1,Is this a wenddodjab movie?
10,It was a fun and warm movie. I want to raise a puppy so bad ^^
9,Puppies also find the meaning of existence. Maybe that's why the expression "not as good as a dog" came into being. As in the movie, the meaning of existence is probably simple, but it's heavy and difficult to find and realize it
10,It was so much fun from the beginning to the end
10,It's really touching. ㅠㅠ If you have a dog, make sure to watch it!
10,It is my first time to write a rating after watching a movie.At first, what was this movie?I cried a lot while watching itㅠㅠ I thought I should love you more when I raise a dog Make sure to watch this movieEveryone!
10,Come back to me... I'll be nicer to you
10,It's been a while since I saw a beautiful movie Let's live with our mom for a long time
10,Dogs must really be angels from heaven ㅠㅠ..
10,I hope there are many movies like this.I hope you live with me for a long time. I hope to see you as my dog in the next life
7,I hope my pet stays healthy and happy next to me for many years.
10,I usually don't cry after watching a movie, but I cried...It was a movie-like ending, so it was fun
10,It's a river full of love ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It was such a healing movieㅠㅠ Bailey. Tina.BUDDY, all lovely
10,I think it's my first time to give a perfect score in a NAVER movie. While watching the movie, it's fun and sad. It's sad as if you're feeling all kinds of emotions. Make sure to watch it. Bailey...
10,It's crazy. Crying and laughingIt's a mess
8,Dogs are so good at acting Welsh Corgi is especially good at acting, so it's so fascinating to watch and doubt CG
10,I cried! My heart was less hurt because the dog didn't suffer too much.
10,Tears welled up. Cute, sad, touching. I enjoyed it
10,Let's really leave a star in our lives.It's a masterpiece. Make sure you watch it
10,Why am I crying?There are so many crying points ㅠㅠ You have to prepare and watch the tissue. Make sure to watch it if you have a pet.
10,The movie of my life movie.I cried at the thought of my dog and watched it until the end. I hope that I can remember and recognize Dal when he is born again and always passes by my life. I'll always remember you, so come anytime. I love you and I miss you so much
10,It was a touching movie. I loved it at the end
10,Why did I watch this now? I cried my eyes out
6,From the perspective of raising a dog, it is a fantasy movie that shows tears and runny nose, but strictly speaking, it is a pornography for dog owners that interprets it only in a good way.
9,Once you see it, you know why the rating is high. It's calm. Compared to movies that animals talk about, the movie is made from the perspective of Nali's companion dog, but the story is also fresh and recommended
10,It's been a long time since I saw a movie like a movie. A warm and fun movie that makes me cry and laugh and smile at the end
10,It was my favorite movie. It's a story that all pets can relate to ㅠㅠ So sad and touching movie ㅠㅠ
10,I cried at school. I was so touched
10,I watched it without thinking much and it became my life movieHhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ㅠㅠ
10,The existence next to me is so precious
10,I laughed and cried while watching with my children.A lovely heartwarming movie.My first year son cried out loud. Daughters smell and I cry and laugh again ^^ The movie makes me feel sorry and thankful for pets, and gives many lessons and impressions
10,Mong will come back to me, right? If you live happily in a good environment and come back, I'll be nicer to you than before. I love you. I miss you. Even if you like the new owner, please come out in my dream again. I miss you so much...
10,It's so touching. Whenever he dies, I cry. I feel sorry, sad, and happy. It's a great movie crying
10,Eden... I'm glad you're happy. ㅜㅜ
10,I'm touched! I cried three times. I think the two cats that I've raised before are born again.
10,I saw it for the first time yesterday, and it was so much fun!
10,The best dog movie. It warms my heart.
10,I cried my eyes out a heartwarming movie
10,I'm leaving a comment after reading it. It was really good!
10,A warm movie where you can see human life from a pet perspective
10,At first, I thought I was just expressing a puppy, but I didn't understand until the second time. As the third master dog, in my fourth life, I meet the owner whom I first met.Unfortunately, the owner does not know, and the owner, who is wondering about the dog's frequent behavior, recognizes.As tears come out, you end up hitting your dog's eyes.
10,It was a movie with no reason not to give 10 points.Healing movie is what you say after watching this movie.
10,If you want to raise a dog or if you have one, please watch it.
10,Dogs are so lovely and they only give love to humans.
10,It reminds me of the dead dog
10,It's amazing. The director who perfectly directed the dog's perfect acting is the best
10,Such a moving movie is ㅜㅜ
10,Please come to me again even if you are born again
10,I was a little tired of watching the movie, but at the end... I'm crying. I'm so sad ㅜㅜ
10,Puppy is smart and cute. I'm glad you recognized me at the end
10,Director Lase Halstrom, Swedish director Gilbert Graff, my life as a dog! It's a heart-warming movie with Dennis Quaid If you love dogs, you can watch and feel it a lot!
10,It would be great if a dog had the same lifespan as a human.ㅠ
10,The tear glands didn't dry up the whole time I watched crying
10,You're the best! It's really fun.
10,It's a movie called "Dogs' Pepper" that comes out with a different title The reason is...
10,The person who "bought" the dog was left unattended and eventually abandoned, and the person who "saved" one life was with him until his death and in the next life. That's the story. Will Bo Mi be able to meet again in her next life? Bo Mi again!
10,Puppies are love.
10,You can't see without tissue I cried so much that I had a headache to doze off ㅠㅠ.. Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey!
8,It's a must-see movie for people who have dogs or have had dogs
10,a very moving movie
10,While watching the movie, I just want to see Carrie ㅠㅠ Carrie, please come to me one more time
10,Bailey, it's so touching.Be happy
7,You can't raise a dog in Korea Dogs live in captivity all their lives
9,I'm always touched... The last one is so touching. "I thought that loving EDEN and making him happy was the reason for his existence." This line really touches my heart.
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey...
10,I was sad every time I died and cried a lot at the end.I can't help but like dogs.
8,Would it be helpful to think that humans will be reborn?It reminds me of existential life.I should thank the person next to me today.
10,The best movie of my life is so touching
10,I'm with my dogA healing time for mind and reason.I watch it two, three times and again.
10,I'll have to hug my dog when I get home
10,I want to see my first ever schnauzer, Sooni...
10,It's cute and fun Let's open it
10,It's such a touching movie
10,It's the best ending Strongly recommend
10,It's my first time writing a review. It's a very moving movie. Make sure to watch it. It makes me think about my life and my future path. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's been a long time since I was happy watching a movie
10,I was really touched. I cried all the time. When I was with my dog, I saw it for a short time and thought about it As long as you have a short life, you will be reborn again and again.The movie that made those imaginations fresh in the movie. ^^
10,Movies with animals, especially movies with dogs, have shown that they never fail, and such fantasy is welcome
10,I cried a lot ㅠㅠ It's touching!!!
10,It's been a while since I saw a moving movie! Bailey was so lovelycrying
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
8,Bailey, you're back with Eden ㅠㅠ I laughed at the cuteness in the first part of "I've decided to live with this kid!" but after watching the movie, I understand... How could I have lived without Bailey and Hannah because I was lonely ㅠㅠ
10,It's a heart-warming movie.In the scene where the puppies die first, I am worried about how I can spend my cat later, but I will remember this moment and live happily like in the moviecrying
10,My dog, Boss Dog, is looking at me in surprise~~^^*
10,It's nice and warm ♡♡♡♡
10,Laughing and crying...I sat next to my dog and watched it ㅠㅠ You're licking my tears because I'm crying ㅠㅠ2 Second sobbing lol
10,I'm sad ㅜㅜ Come to me when you're born again
10,I still remember the dog, so I kind of expected the story, but at the end, it's really touching I'm looking forward to the ㅠㅠㅠㅠ sequel!
10,A movie that makes you want to live with a dog!
8,You're a terrible Eden. crying
10,Please watch it. It's so touching
10,a touching movie
10,Bailey is so cool.  ㅠㅠ
10,I saw it at the corn, and it was so fun, sad, and touching.If you have a pet, you can't help but cryㅠㅠ I really recommend it
10,I cried three times ㅠㅠ
10,Humans betray as if they are eating, but dogs never betray their owners, obey them, and give them infinite love. It's a beautiful family movie that warms your heart and makes you cry.
10,I strongly recommend a really pretty movie.
10,It was the best movie.But the critics... It's ridiculous to judge lol maybe their hearts are made of steel.
10,After watching this movie, I went home and hugged my dog ㅠㅠ.. One of Bailey's words came to mind, "Let's lick the people we love." I hugged her tightly, and she licked her face. ㅠㅠ The dog loves her owner all the timeㅠ
10,ㅠㅠ I cried five times and watched the last scene for five minutes again. And I was so moved ㅠㅠ Puppies are infinite love
10,Older people said that dogs are better than humans. I think that's really true. A puppy who loves humans without any conditions. Through Bailey, I realized how precious my dog is.
10,Park Pyeongsik said, "Call me Gyeongong." Two stars. Hahahaha
10,I thought it would be a good movie to sell even if I put down 20 Korean movies and fill it up with this. But he's good at acting. He's good at acting. He runs hard. He plays well. His pets are attractive
10,I cried so much. Really ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that's touching and lingers in my mind
10,ㅜㅜㅜㅜ I'm so touched...
10,Bailey cried every time she died ㅠㅠ
10,Touching... The best! Dog's point of view. Communication with humans. The existence of a dog is the best friend and gift that only humans can enjoy. How special it is to be someone who likes you without any conditions. When I met Eden again at the end and recognized Bailey, I was moved to tears
9,The reincarnation of the dog... The material was fresh and the content was so touching! Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey!
10,I strongly recommend ㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's a life movie. My heart is so warm
6,I didn't have an animal, so I couldn't really relate to it
10,You're going back and forth like that ㅜㅜ Tears and runny nose all the time I watched it, I was touched
10,finally meet 27 years of life movie
10,Oh, lovely puppies...♡♡♡ That's so touching. I think there will be a lot of people who want to raise a dog after watching this movie, but I hope you don't raise it with a momentary heart. I hope you only raise people who can take responsibility until the end.
10,Touched ㅜㅜ Will you come back?
10,Turn around and come to my brother next time. I want to see you!
10,It was even more touching because it portrayed the lives of dogs together without exaggeration. Let's not forget the happiness and gratitude they give us.I was so happy that Eden, Hannah and Bailey were together at the end. I sincerely hope that this world will be respected by all the people around me.
10,I watched it with a smile the whole time :)
10,It's really legendary. That's all I can say.
10,One of the top three movies that are touching in my life. I don't understand why so many good movies are not released in theatersIt's my first time leaving a star mark with Bailey's lingering feelings
10,I think it's good to see your pet at least once
10,It's so beautiful. It's overwhelming...
10,ㅠㅠ...why did I cry so much?If you have dogs that have become one family, please...Really, watch it! It's not obvious but touching...♡
10,I just criedIt's so touching
10,Critics skip horoscopes They're not aristocrats. They're giving them horoscopes
10,It's my first time getting a rating on NAVER. I think I cried 3 or 4 times during the movie. I think everyone who has a pet will cry a lotcrying
10,I kept crying while watching itㅠㅠ 너무 It's so sad and touching...
8,I guess I was looking forward to it ㅜㅜ I didn't know if it was
10,It was the bestI think it was the most fun movie I watched recently
9,A movie that comforts your pet
10,My eyes were really teary the whole time I watched it. Touching ㅜㅜ Both dogs acted well and my heart warmed up. It was really good. :) ♡ It could be obvious, but it was really good!
10,It was a good movie to think about the meaning of life from a dog's point of view and think about the meaning of my life again. I kept crying, but at the end, tears of joy I hope you all watch it at least once
10,I have a pet dog now, and I think it is the most impressive movie that I can relate to. This puppy, friend and my precious family that will be remembered the most in my life. It was a really touching movie that showed the miracle of leaving and coming back to me.
10,I love this kind of this kind. I watch it even if it's not a box office hit or fun. You're supposed to be moved. It doesn't have to be funny.
10,Every moment was a meaningful life. I learned a lesson that life will not be difficult if people live a faithful life every moment like animals. Animals are gifts sent by God to humans to see and feel how they treat their lives.
10,I cried a lot while watching this.I strongly recommend it for those who like animals!
10,My daughter never cried after watching a movie, but she cried a lot after watching this movie
10,I cried throughout the movie Touched ㅠㅠ
10,The frog is grinding away
10,I cried my eyes out.People's lives from the perspective of dogs.I hope many people who abuse animals know that these children feel the same way as us and feel the same way.crying
1,I'm really sleepy and boring. I can't stop yawning.
10,The original novel is touching and the movie is touching
10,Stop eating dogs, you uncivilized people
10,It's a really good movie. ^^
10,It's a really touching and fun movie even if I watch it again and again
10,I cried the whole timecrying
10,Although I live with a cat, I could relate to it enough ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I hope we can meet again like in a movie ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's about a dog being reincarnated and meeting new owners.The scene where we find the first owner...And the scene where the owner recognizes the dog...It was so touching and I cried. I recommend you to watch itI thought every dog that came out was so lovely that I was going crazy
9,I didn't cry... I yawned Don't talk to me, I need to focus on the movie
10,ㅠㅠ Tears really came out
1,The first... The last part is touching. Puppy boss. Bailey
10,It was a touching fiction that reminded me of my dog at home when I watched it at the movie theater. I hope my pet dog crossed the rainbow bridge and it will be a non-fiction that will come to me in the distant future.
10,A calm and lingering movie!
10,It's not a sad scene, but I cried. The scene where a child is happy to be allowed to raise a dog. When I was young, I was so happy to be allowed to have my first dog I went to the sky now.
10,Comfortable, healing, and touching. It's the bestㅠㅠ
10,Heart-warming empathy and tears
10,I wish my dog would come to me in my next life I'll be waiting for you. Please come
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,I want to kill the bird that exploded firecrackers You're ruining the life of someone who's going to college of physical education
10,Please come to me when I'm born again
8,It was only screened at Lotte Cinema, so I saw it there. It doesn't even play a lot. When you meet a good owner or a bad owner, you can see the life of a dog in various cases. The tears of the Lord cover my eyes
10,A frustrating and hard day, a movie that gave me a lot of strength because nothing comforted me.
10,It's a really good movie. It's a happy movie without a long modifier
10,People who have raised a dog would agree. ㅜㅜ I loved the movie from the dog's point of view!
10,Like so many puppies, dogs seem to be friends, family, and companions.
10,It's a really good movie. This kind of movie should increase the number of theaters for many people to watch. That's too bad
10,My baby left me yesterday I'm having a hard time with tears in my eyes, but I got hope after watching the movieCherry, when you come back to me, I'll get to know you
10,ㅠㅠ It's so touching. ㅜㅜ The best... ㅠ
10,A movie that really comforts you!
10,Bailey's super cute. Reminds me of my bell
10,I once had a dog tied up in the yard because it was a countryside, and I thought how bored and lonely it must have been ㅠㅠ At the end, I was moved by the life I was reincarnated as Bailey I can't stop crying with joy crying
10,Wow! That's awesome!
10,I can't believe I cried so much
10,A movie that reminded me of my dog
10,Anyone who loves animals or lives with a dog must see them. A moving, laughable, tearful film. ^^
10,From the middle of the movie, I couldn't stop crying throughout the movie. I want to hug my youngest puppy when I get home... It's a heartwarming movie!
7,It's a movie that's not bad
10,CGV didn't open so I paid for it at home and watched half of the movie while crying ㅠㅠ I feel so sorry for my dog and only tears come out when I watch it 어ㅕㅠㅠㅠ지금 I'm still crying ㅜㅜ
10,I saw it on Vod.Maybe it's because I'm a cat butler.I watch it with a longing heart. Please, please... recognize you.
10,It's my first time leaving a star mark, and I just cried from the middle to the end. It's the best
10,It's touching.Make sure to watch it while crying and laughing.I have no regrets. It is a warm movie.I watched it happily while crying and laughing after a long time ago.
10,Please be born as a happier person, not by my side again. I'm sorry for not loving you more. I miss you and miss you again. I will remember you and remember you. I love you
10,I knew this would happen, so I didn't watch it on purpose.I cried when I jumped over Eden's back.If you live with a dog, watch it. I'm sure you'll go to OO right after this
10,The movie that allowed me to know that I'm everything to my dog. Since it's only a tenth of my life, let's do our best to give him love so that he won't regret it!
10,This is a masterpiece
8,So cute. Puppy who lives various lives
10,If you have a dog, you can sympathize with it and feel sadness and emotion together. After watching this movie, you cry in the beginning, and at the end, you are very moved. I think I will cry when I think about it now
10,It's a movie that I want people who have dogs to watch. I cried my eyes out at the helpless Bailey, who was lying down saying that Eden had left and the reason for life had disappeared life. To me, a puppy is a part of me, but to a puppy I am everything, so my eyes turn red
10,Let's not abandon the dog or treat him like a dog
10,I don't usually leave comments. It's really fun and touching.Bailey's not forgotten...I thought about it a lot and it is my favorite movieIt's really lettuce!
10,It's the best movie ever.Touching... I got emotional. The world will be more desolate from now on.I hope many of these movies will be made and released.
10,Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's so touching. I can't believe this movie didn't have many theaters.
10,Make sure to watch it! Please! It's a masterpiece!
7,It was a little touching, but...
10,I've sent my dogs a few times, so I watched them crying because I was so immersed in them at the end of life.I strongly recommend those who have raised ㅜㅜ and those who are raising them now. You'll feel the importance of them again
10,It's a great movie. Good, good. I hope my dog comes next to me in the next life
10,I'm not kidding. Don't look at people who have or have had a pet. I'm going to cry a lot. I cried a lot while watching a movie. The synopsis is light, but the echo is as heavy as McGregor's punch.
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey! He's such a lovely kid. I have two cats, and I hope they come back to me. My eyes are going to be swollen because it echoes several times in the morning
10,I'm reminded of the dog that crossed the rainbow bridge
10,It's the best masterpiece ever.Dog breeders should be considered compulsory.
10,Why is the maximum number of stars 10?
10,After watching this movie, I thought I should take care of my dog more I think it was a very meaningful movie for me Make sure you watch it
9,Heart flutters at the cuteness of dogs. Laughing, crying, laughing
10,Bailey's Life Is Better Than Human
10,I'm sorry, Sun... Bye! Let's only walk on Odeng-Churu Road
10,Now my 17 year old cat, Jo Han, if you say goodbye to the world first, please come back to me...!! It's a movie that stays warm and touching for a long time.
10,I'm so touched. I keep crying while hugging a 9-year-old puppy
10,I love you. My youth that I raised, my young memory itself, my dog
10,a fairy tale for dogs
10,At first, I thought it was just a movie about life as a couple of dogs. I cried without realizing it. I hug a 16-year-old old dog and dream of a miracle just in case.
10,It's such a touching movie.I kept crying and laughing. It was a heart-warming movie
10,It's a movie that dog owners should watch. As a person who raises a dog, I think it's a movie that makes me think more about the dog' It was touching and I really enjoyed it!
10,It was a great movie.
10,I really want to see good movies and masterpieces like this often
8,The movie of my life was so healing.
10,#Moving #Successful #Movie with lingering emotions
10,The afterglow is too strongIt was a good ending
10,I'm glad I bought it.The best...
10,Make sure to watch it. Friends with humans.It seems that only dogs can be a family
8,I cried when I watched "Malley and I", but I cried more.My five-year-old daughter also said it was fun.
1,Don't manipulate the score, you punk
10,I laughed and cried. I had a lot of fun watching itI can't believe the connection between people and animals is so beautiful.It's amazing. I wish I could make so many moving movies like this
10,It was so good that I could say it was one of my life's movies. I watched it from beginning to end with tearscrying
4,It's a really good movie, but I don't feel comfortable thinking about the puppies who had a hard time filming from the perspective of their pets crying
10,I watched it with my puppy in bed. It was fun, touching, had a lesson, sad, and made a good movie
10,Puppies are love♡
10,Boss dog! Bailey, Bailey, Bailey!
10,I cried every time she left, and I cried again when Eden recognized herI was really impressed.
9,Unlike the once-in-a-lifetime human life, Bailey must have been happy to experience many different things. In addition, when I first met my owner, I was very moved - 11 years old son, Kwan Jeon-pyeong.
10,Ah... That's the best.It is just 200 times more than weird movies in our country
10,I want to raise a dog crying
10,It's fun. It's a good movie for people who have dogs
10,It's so much fun. Touching tsunami
10,I'm going crazy because I'm crying I wish the dog I live with would be with me forever.
10,I cried a lot while watching a movie in bed, so I used a lot of tissues and wiped it. After watching the movie, my mom came into the room, and I am worried that she thought it was a mess of broken tissues
10,Oh... Kwang cried... ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that's really touching and teaches a lot of lessons
10,Life movie. Warm movie that I want to watch when I am depressed. Best. I watched it more than 5 times
10,A movie that gives happiness!ㅜㅜ
7,I want to see a calf like a puppy in the country.
1,Personally, I don't like movies like dramas
10,Kong, let's be dad's son in the next life with my son and dad.
10,It was such a touching movieI think it is a movie that can be seen by people who like ^^~~^^
10,It's my first time getting a rating I remembered Nari who raised me from 8 to 18 years old, so I watched it crying even though I was a man I regret why I couldn't do it when I was 28 after 10 years. It's a movie that I want to recommend if I'm your pet
10,It's so touching. Make sure to watch it! ㅠ
10,It's really fun ㅠㅠ I have a pet dog. I hope you can come to me again
10,By the way, is life. utpeu
10,It's warm and human life is like the last line
10,It's so, so, so much ㅠㅠ It was so moving that I could cry. It's fun
10,It reminds me of the dog I had when I was young. I cried so much that my throat hurts. Bailey is so lovelyㅠ
10,It's just a movie worth 100 points. It's comical, but...  We know the sacrifices of dogs that have been going on for a long time. It's obvious.
10,Even I don't have a dog, I cry in the last scene ㅠㅠ Bailey... Good boy!
9,It's been a while since I last time in a while
10,A must-see movie for a family of dogs
10,I strongly recommend it. Really...ㅠㅠT
10,It's fun. 5,000 stars!
10,I can't stop crying thinking about Sunny who left first.
10,A movie that you must watch if you live with your partner. As a 12-year-old Border Collie caring person, I feel heavy because the day to leave is approaching.
10,I thought it was a movie for a dog person, but it seems to have made a great masterpiece just by changing the perspective 10 stars are not enough. It's the best! I recommend it to those who focus on the movie
8,Bailey's so lovely ♡ It was a heartwarming movie
10,It's a movie that makes me think that I should love my dog more
10,When I first saw the heartwarming and touching movie introduction, I thought it was this, so I bought it right away.  When was it released? Why didn't I know there was a movie? And I blamed myself.If you watch this movie, you won't regret it
10,Why did I watch a movie that I don't want to be buried like this?
7,The fun and touching of basic movies are simple, but nothing more than shallow impressions scattered on the streets remain.
1,I felt so bad after watching the movie
10,I hope you enjoy your day. I want to smell sweaty too.
10,Don't regret it when you die and be nice to your dog
10,It's a movie where you can't help but love a puppy.
10,From start to finish, take a tear shower ㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching. ㅠㅠ
10,I am so sad ㅠㅠ I cried for a long time because it seemed like my story.
10,JAMDDA ㅜㅜ It really lingers
10,ㅜㅜ The movie that teaches life through a dog's life ㅜㅜ The flower girl who crossed the rainbow bridge dreamed of returning. I miss you, Kkotnim ㅜㅜ
10,It's so sad and the story is so perfect crying
9,I kept crying It's fun, General
10,Sigh... That's crazy... I'm so touched. You have to be nice to my dog ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that heals you. It reminds me of my old dog.  Go, where are you? Please come back to me!
10,Calm touching, smiling, and heartwarming healing movie ^^
10,I miss you... We can meet again someday, right?
10,Touching movie after a long time ^^
8,It wasn't as good as I expected, but it was touching and fun.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie crying ㅠㅠ Not because I was sad, but because I was happy and moved. When the ending credit goes up, the tears explode...crying
1,This is NAVER's No. 1 song for dog worms
10,Someday my youngest will cross the rainbow bridge.But please be born again as the youngest member of my family, and I hope you'll meet as a pretty girl, not in a hurt state
10,Ah.. Puppy movies always make me cry ㅠㅠ When I come back to Bailey and meet Eden, I am so touched when Eden recognizes Bailey ㅠㅠ And thank you so much as a police dog Let's be nice to our puppy dog so that he can always be happy
10,I cried for a year
10,Make sure to watch if you get a star rating
10,I got refreshed. I want to live like a dog
10,The best movie. I'm writing my first rating
10,It's just... it's too much of a clause.
10,It's a very moving movie. It's my first time getting a rating.
10,Thank you so much I was sad
10,Kkamong! Even if I'm born again, I'll be born as my dog!I've lived for a long time now^^
10,Heartwarming movie.. The wife I saw with kept crying.
10,I'm so touched... Bailey, Bailey, Bailey...^^
10,It's just a movie that doesn't need words.A movie that you will never regret watching ♡
10,It's my favorite movie. It's the most heartwarming movie I've seen in the last 5 years
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a tsunami of emotion
1,This movie is really Shawshank Escape, Saving Private Ryan, life is beautiful, is it a movie that overwhelms Titanic or needs to adjust the ratings
10,The story is good and it's a well-made movie. If you have a dog, please watch it. I cried my eyes out. I've been thinking a lot about the owner that my dog remembers like Bailey ㅜㅜ Popo, I love you
10,ㅜㅜ First of all, it reminds me of my dog, and I told him to be born with love and live long in the next life. ㅜㅜ
9,Puppies are so good at acting.It's a shame that the Korean title is a spoiler and the ending. Of course, when I see it, I think it's literally Bailey Again. I prefer the original English system. Bailey becomes Bailey after several apprenticeships, and then becomes Bailey again after several apprenticeships
10,At first, I watched it with a smile, but when I saw the dog that didn't want to do anything later, only tears came out. My dog will leave my side someday when he gets old. It is one of my favorite movies
10,Next life is EDENHahaha
10,I miss you, General --T
10,I cried throughout the movie. Dogs only look at one thing That we're happy. I hope you all watch it ㅠㅠ I'm still holding you, but I don't want to let you go
6,A movie for dogs by dogs!
10,I was worried that Josh Gedd would look like Olaf because he was Bailey's voice, but that wasn't the case at all. Rather, Bailey's voice sounded that warm because Josh played it.
10,It's not a naked story, but I cried my eyes out. It's a heartwarming movie. I hope that my daughter who went to heaven will be born again as the youngest daughter of a rich family
10,It's so touching and it makes my heart warm
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey.
10,It was a heart-warming movie I cried and laughed. It was so nice
10,Hani, the puppy who became my lovely star. I hope you'll be born somewhere again, loved, and live again, and then you'll meet me at least once. It's a movie that comforts people who have dogs who have left.
10,a tearful spring I can't believe there was such a good movie.
10,Bailey, boss dog. Bailey, I'm touched
10,A film with novel material that shows various dog stories. A dog lover who loves dogs will cry and sympathize with you.The puppies are good at acting.
10,Thank you so much for coming to us. I love you!
10,I can't stop crying throughout the movie, like I used a tissue box to blow my nose
10,It was so nice. It's my first time getting a score of 10...A healing movie. A movie that makes you cry
9,I can't believe I'm crying over a dog.  It reminds me of my old dog. I'm sure they felt the same way as Bailey.
10,Bailey, it was such a cute, sad movie All the dogs that went to the movies that people who are struggling with Petros should come back one day
10,"I cried 3 times. It's a perfect story"
10,If you have a dog before, you will cry.
10,The dog is so cute... I cried and laughed. It's a masterpiece.ㅠ
10,I love it ㅜㅜ It's a really good movie
10,It's a very warm movie. It's my life movie ㅠㅠ
7,The Butlers' Romance of the Dog Spurs
10,I watched almost 99 percent of Lase Halstrom's films.All movies are about humanity, humanity, humanity itself
10,When I was young, I was in tears thinking about the dog that crossed the rainbow bridge first, and it makes me think that I should hug my current dog. It was a movie that was touching and warm inside for the first time in a while. While watching the movie, it got so warm that I stopped by to leave a rating.
10,I guess it's an obvious story after watching the preview and spoiler...I thought about it...  I liked it because it was so obvious.It was so obvious that it was touching.As I watch this movie from a perspective where I don't have a dog, I wonder how much more people who have a dog sympathize and are more moved.It's been a while since I watched a warm movie
10,I cried a few times and watched a movie and hugged my puppy.
1,Ah... This is NAVER's rating...
10,It's my favorite movie! I'll have to read the book again
10,A movie for gaeppa. I'm a gaeppa and I'm crying because I'm a gaeppa and I hope so. It feels great to start this year with the best purchase I's It's obvious, but it was the answer I wanted to hear.
10,"Moved award"! I'm thankful for my dog sitting next to me
10,Honestly, I didn't expect much, but it's so touching. There's also calm fun. When Eden recognized Bailey, he burst into tears.
10,It's a movie that makes people who aren't cat owners cry.
10,The story is solid, and the actors' acting is great. It's a warm healing movie. It's a movie that won't waste time!
10,It's touching...crying
10,You'll definitely come back, right? I miss you.
10,A movie that reminds me of my dog. It's the best movie of your life. Make sure
10,The best movie ever! I need to understand and sympathize with my dog more warmly I cried, but I was moved and moved the whole time
10,I don't usually give him 10 points.I can't help but give this
8,This movie makes my heart warm
10,I'm so touched by this ridiculous movie. There's another dog in the tissue box
10,I could predict the ending with the obvious story development, but nevertheless, it's like a fairy tale for me who raise a pet, so I got 10 out of 10!
10,It's fantastic. Good Haha
10,There is no need for words. The best healing movie of my life. I hope my dogs will come to me again someday.
10,The puppies were cute, lovely and touching all the time.
10,Our Kkan and Mimi...Like Bailey...I hope you can come to me again.
10,The puppy is so cute
9,Thank you for the heart-warming movie
10,It was so heart-warming ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
9,It's a good movie for those who sent their dogs away
10,I'm afraid of leaving my dog when I was a child and breaking up with him again, but after watching the movie, I think if I become a really good owner, the dogs will come back like Bailey. I think dogs and love meet when they're meant to be
10,Oh, ㅜㅜ Bailey, how I cried when I thought of my dogs when they died for the first time, and it's still sadThank you. I highly recommend it to those who love puppies
1,Why are you dubbing a dog? I'm not paying attention to it. For the first time in my life, I was fooled by the rating. 내 My 5,500 won
10,The theater near my house won't do itSeo ㅜㅜ I paid for it and I'm so happy to see this on the first day of the new year ♡ I haven't seen a warm movie in a long time ♡ I strongly recommend it
1,Can't I get 0 point? It's not fun
10,Bailey wags his tail when he meets Eden at the hospital. I experienced the same scene as my dog, so I cried without realizing it.
10,It's so much fun to see a dog coming out
10,It's fun. I want to watch it again
10,It's been more than 10 years since I raised a dog, but it's a movie that makes me want to raise it again.
10,I just cried as soon as I turned it on. I just kept crying until the end
9,Regardless of how I made it, I really missed my childhood dog
8,It's a common story.It's nothing special, but I just cried.
10,If you have a pet dog, you must watch the movie. I really want to see the dog that left
10,It's been a while since I saw a warm movie. Good. The theme is good. The episode is also appropriate. I enjoyed watching it.A movie I want to recommend.
10,Why is there only one movie theater that's fun and touching?  crying
10,Bosedog Bailey v Garden forever
10,I think I'll see you again someday when I miss you
10,There was no theater near my house, so I watched VOD at home now, but why didn't you do CGV...ㅠ
10,I cried my eyes out the whole time watching the movie. It was fun and touching.I think it's going to be my favorite movie
10,Boss dog! Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
9,Without thinking, tears just fall down~~~~
10,It's a movie that makes you cry and relax
8,Disappointed because it's so different from the novel ♡ But Bailey ♡
10,That's why I don't have a dog
10,It's a healing movieIt's a story that makes you cry because it's sad but makes you smile at the endPuppies are love
10,It's the best movie everI cried while holding onto my dog
9,It was fun to watch and I felt like I was healing.
10,It's very touching. Puppies are true loyalists
10,It's touching and fun to laugh while crying
10,It's director MJ.Really... From the dog's perspective...Thoughts This is the first time I've ever seen a movie like this!
10,I thought you kept crying while looking at me.A dog or cat's life is shorter than a person's, so I can imagine that. I really hope so. I can't imagine that my cat might not be in my life in a few years, but if it's really like that, I'd like to be in a different state and end my life together
10,I hope I can meet you again.It was such a touching movie. I recommend it if you're a dog owner.
10,I cried so much that I couldn't put all my tears and runny nose this year together before I went to bed -- my eyes are swollen and I'm going to open up
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Boss Dog ㅠㅠ So touching
10,It's a masterpiece since Eightville Tears are dripping. The police are a bit dumbfounded. They're gonna shoot the gun earlier
10,I just watched it on TV, especially the part where the police dog got shot was so sad. How sad was the scene where the calm owner cried sadly, the most crying and moving movie I've seen this year.
10,The best movie is heartwarming
8,It's good for the family to see... The last one is very touching.^^ A long time ago, the movie about Mikey... There's a movie where a baby talks like Bailey. The story is different, but the composition is similar.Haha
10,When Bailey came back home and picked up a rugby ball from the warehouse and played with Eden, it was touching
10,Just watch it. Just watch it twiceLook at it three times
10,I'm so touched. crying
10,It's the best! I've been looking for this movie because I really wanted to see it, but it's not released in theaters.
10,The third time I see it, it's touching and I think about my baby who left a long time ago
10,It's a movie that makes you cry not because you're sad but because your heart is warmㅜㅜ
10,It's my life movie. You're touched by the dog? No, not to you To the puppy? Did you get consoled??!? The fact that there aren't many theaters? I'm so sadㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's so much fun.
10,How many times did I cry while watching ㅠㅠ Bailey Bailey Bailey ㅠㅠwhether it's EDEN or EDEN
10,The best, needless to say
10,I really enjoyed watching it because I remembered my crazy boy who died two months ago at 15. ㅠㅠ
10,Maybe we're living worse than Bailey right nowBe here now!
10,You should really watch the best movie of your life
10,I cried while watching it, but the critics are so mean
10,I'm living with my dog, so I cried a lot while watching it.Thank you for meeting my dog with my sister in this life. We met by chance. I still remember that day. Let's meet again in our next life. I'll recognize you then too. I love you.
10,It's so moving that I'm tearing up. ㅠㅠ Bailey and Eden are meant to be forever. Will my puppy recognize me later?
10,It was an opportunity for me to look back on my life while looking at comedy, drama, other lives of the same soul, and my dog's life. It's like omnibus, but it's a unique memory that unfolds. It's the best!
10,As a dog owner, there are many things that I can relate to. I cried a lot
10,God gave his mother to always take care of him with love, and his dog to always have fun.
10,I wonder what I can do for the child sleeping next to me in your short life.I hope the children who have already crossed the bridge will come back to me.I hope you live a happy life somewhere.It's a meaningful movie that makes me feel overwhelmed.Guys? How are you?I'm so sorry.Thank you and I love you.I will always love you when I meet you
10,ㅜㅜ Life masterpiece touching, sad, peaceful, stable, and give lessons please release a movie theater
10,It's So Touching ㅠㅠ The Fate of Man and Dog
10,It's been a long time since the movie touched my heart. I should be nice to my loved ones.
10,I need to be nicer to you I'm touched
5,Did I expect too much? I could have made it more sophisticated.It's a shame that I ended up with Shin-pa-jo
10,You have to watch it. It's really fun and touching.
10,If my old puppy crosses the rainbow bridge and comes back to me...Thinking about it, I'm crying again.
10,I hope you can see dog owners. It makes me think about reincarnation again and feel the belief that if we have a relationship, we will meet again.
1,If you like dogs, please watch it
10,I really enjoyed watching it.I cried a lot in the soup^^;; I strongly recommend it!!!
10,Doggy philosophy, the reason why dogs live
10,That's how we became a family when we met on the street. I'll protect you until the end, Dalgoo.
10,It's a beautiful and warm-hearted movie. It's a good movie to watch with the whole family at the end of the year^^ Bailly bailly bailly bailly^^
10,It's cute, happy, and sad
10,A movie that warms your heart and makes you think a lot as a person who raises a puppy. I hope you come back to me in the distant future like Bailey. I hope you come to me in your next life.If you can't take responsibility until the end, I hope you don't bring me because I'm cute. please
10,It's really fun as expected. Teary at the end ㅠㅠ
10,They act so well as if they're one
10,I miss you so much. It's Jjong!
10,It makes me cry from the middle of the day, but the police dog really rings
10,Both my 7-year-old son and husband were so into it that we lost track of time. It was truly moving.
10,Really... I think it's a lot of operations.It seems to be a touching movie.ㅜㅜ
10,A movie that promises not to cry but cries ㅜㅜ
10,2018 Legend of Hero. It's the best movie of the year There's no need for words First, look!
10,Isn't Lase Halstrom a dog?
10,A movie that makes me wonder what my dog is thinking.
10,It was so much fun ㅠㅠhe
10,The reincarnation of Puppy #4 is so touching and I watched it with tears in my eyes. It's a heartwarming movie and it makes me think a lot of thoughtsIt lingers for a long time
10,My dog seems to have a lot of thoughts, too. I'm so touched!
10,I hope you take care of your dogs until the end and raise only those who can love them until the end. I love you puppies who are sleeping next to meI hope my next life will be my family
10,The movie that made me cry at dawn of Christmas
10,It's my first time to get a star. I'm so touched.The story is fun and it's the best movie
10,Starting today, my favorite movie
10,I find you smiling in tears.It's healing just to see five kinds of lovely dogs.Among them, Welsh is the best
10,I was healed by the puppy after watching the movie.Make sure to come watch Bailey Again 2
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,Bailey again... It's so touching and fun.I almost cried because I was so moved to raise a dog, but I held it in. It was so touching at the end.ㅠㅠ It's a movie that I want to keep watching I want to raise a golden retrieverㅠㅠ It's a highly recommended moviecrying
10,A warm movie! I watched it with my family at the beginning of its releaseI hope the movie gets a lot of love!
10,Are the press critics monny because they've never had a dog in their life?
10,At the end, when you say boss dog, you cry. A puppy is an angel. Humans can't cry no matter how much they die.Bailey Eeeeeeee
10,Tears welled up ㅠㅠㅠ많은I hope many people watch it
10,I love fairytale movies, Bailey♡
10,It's a movie that people with dogs can really relate to, and personally, it's the best movie of the year. It's fun and touching! It's a great movie to watch at the end of the year with your family
10,It is annoyingly sad.   Having a dog seems like a blessed life.
10,It's a masterpiece. I want to raise a dog
7,It's obvious that you're being fooled again but it's fun.
10,Bailey... and I wish all the dogs in the world happiness
10,It was so nice to see a good movie at the end of the year  I've been having a hard time these days, but I feel like I'm getting healed by this
10,Crying happily throughout the movie
6,Puppies are cute Hahaha
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It's my first time writing a review, and it's a warm movie. It's the best movie at the end of the year!
10,I'm a person who has a dog, and when I act similar to my dog, I cried when I saw that
10,I'm so touched. I miss the puppies who were my dogs ㅜㅜ
10,I'm not sure where I'm touched. Tears just came out.I recommend it
10,It's touching. I want to deliver it to you
10,I watched this movie in the morning because I was annoyed by the door lock last night, but the movie is really meaningful when it makes me think about positive things about life! LOL Rather than watching horror movies and enjoying the horror, let's live happily with these pleasant movies!
10,The dog's acting shines...Laughing and touching...And a perfect movie that makes me see my puppy again.^&^
10,Touching movie ^^!!!
10,As a pet dog owner, this movie touched my heart and touched my heart deeply
8,Please hang out with your dog moreHey, you!
1,Time to understand the dog. Let's understand the father
8,At the end, when an adult recognizing Bailey blinks to hold back tears, I shed tears. I don't even have a dog. It's so touching and fun to watch.
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,Life is like spending time with a dog
10,Dogs are better than people. A movie that makes me want to raise a dog
10,It's been a while since I've seen what a handkerchief is for
10,As soon as the movie started, I cried because I got emotional in 10 minutes later. It was just a movie that made me emotional. I wish my dog would come to me in my next life.
10,The best moving movie...It's a movie I'll never forget.
10,It's a movie where you cry all ten times.
10,I cried a lot because I thought of Happy. A big movie that will remain in my heart ♡♡♡♡ I was so happy to watch it before the end of this year
7,I guess I was really looking forward to it I'm sure that it's a movie that makes you smile all the time, but the reviews are so good and everyone says it's teary, so I'm excited. I hope this puppy comes back to meㅠ
10,A movie that really makes me want to raise a dog ㅠㅠ I really like the last line
9,I have a dog that I really want to meet again, but I can't forget it
10,위대한 영화
10,It was the best movie to reflect on a person's life with the life of a dog.
10,I watched a touching movie, V-ODI, and I'm going to watch it for five days
10,Dogs are always right ♡ㅜㅜ Dedicated, it's so refreshing to watch from a dog's point of view, how did you make the movie so well, and at the end, I admire the composition of the story and feel a lot from Bailey^^
9,It was touching. Living and loving this moment is everything in life.
10,I can't stop crying when I watch a movie that leaves a moving impression.It's a touching work that made me think of a lot of things
10,1 hour and 30 minutes... It gave me a lot of things
10,I really want to raise a dogBut I don't like it because I think it'll be too sad to let you go first
10,Wow, this was released.I cried a lot when I watched it earlier this year or the end of last year, but the last stunt by Eden and Bailey was the highlight of the scene that made me cry!
10,Really, really! You should watch it!
10,It's fun~~♡ I want to see you again later
8,Good, it's a bit loose, but it makes me feel touched even if I don't have a dog. I think it's a movie that's worth watching rather than recommending it to others. For your information, your dog looks different
10,It's a really meaningful movie.A movie that is calm and touching but also has inner beauty! I think it'd be great to watch it with the kids
10,Don't buy it and adopt it. Dogs are family.
10,Warm movies... I don't cry a lot when I watch dramas or movies, but I just shed tears If you love animals and have pets, I recommend this movie Precious movie... It was a fun and touching movie I recommend a movie that leaves a strong impression.
10,A 9-year-old kid says it's his favorite movie. ^^
10,I hope that our babies can come back in their next lives
10,I didn't expect much. I'm touched
10,It's a very precious movie
10,I love you, Bailey. I hope our angel comes back to me
10,It's touching. I cried
10,I keep thinking about the cop. I hope you met a good person and became happy
10,It's the best movie ever. Please increase the number of theaterscrying
10,It's my favorite movie ㅠㅠ It's my first time getting a rating. I highly recommend it!
8,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey! My wife cried four times
10,It's touching. It's good for kids^^
10,I strongly recommend it~~
10,It's a movie that really warms your heart from laughing and crying ㅠㅠ. The idea that dogs are reincarnated is novel. I really want to hug my dog.
10,If you have a dog, I strongly recommend it
10,I'm a 23-year-old man.I cried for the first time while watching the movie.
10,It's so touching. You think about the purpose of life.
10,The movie that awakened the world, "Let's live happily."
8,It was fun and touching. It was a fun family animal movie.
10,It was the first movie I watched this year that I was very immersed and focused. You're the best. I cried my eyes outcrying
10,I enjoyed watching it
10,I wish my dog would come back to me again Haha
10,Oh, I'm so sad. I cried a lot after a long time in a while.Every time a dog dies, it's sad...I love movies like this.Bailey, who's the dog actor? I want to know...
10,It's out of 10. Make sure to watch it
10,It's out of 10. Make sure to watch it
10,I was impressed by the line that says, "Don't be sad about the past, don't be frowned on about the future, and live now." And it was touching and nice to see Bailey giving love, caring for people, and being loved throughout the movie.
10,I felt like Bailey when I showed a similar behavior when I sent him to the sky and raised him again. I want to see people who raise pets and people who don't. I laughed and cried. It was so much fun.
10,My age... I met "Life/Young/Tuesday" in 50 lines crying
10,It's touching. It reminds us of the importance of dogs. We strongly recommend it. ^^
10,It's the best movie ever. Really. Hot tears dripping down ㅠㅠ
10,It's my first time to leave a star. It was a healing movie It's lingering
10,In the middle part, it was an opportunity to think about it once more from the perspective of a pet, and in the second part, it ends with touching.I enjoyed watching it.
10,It was a heart-warming movie.
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words
10,Puppies are so humane ^^ You made a good movie
10,Calm and touching~ Eventually, tears come to my eyes ㅜㅜ My heart is getting warm
10,Ah really... A really lovely movie ㅠㅠ I really wish my dog would keep coming to me
10,It's my first time to get a star It's a really good movie
10,I cried a lot. Puppies are crying
9,I watched it with my girlfriend and she cried. As soon as I got home, I kept hugging the puppies
10,I'm moved by someone who has a dog
9,A movie that everyone, whether it's an adult or a child, can watch while crying
10,I happened to see the trailer and ran to see it as soon as it was released. It's a movie that reminds me of our youngest member who is away from us due to personal reasonsㅠㅠ The more I think about it, the more I cryㅠㅠ
10,Good acting ㅠㅠ...
10,Where in Busan are you showing it? There's no place that's showing it's really something
10,Puppy jam dog is so cute that I die
10,It's a great movie. It's so fun and touching. Please make sure everyone watched itㅠㅠT
10,A moving movie that makes me cry...A movie that gives the answer that life is something.I recommend it
10,I enjoyed watching the perfect person
10,After watching this movie, I wonder if my dog that I have now raised is reincarnated as a dog that I raised when I was young. I miss you and miss you, Patrick.♥
10,It's funny. Dogs are lovely human friends
10,I couldn't stop crying the whole time I was watching
10,Tears welled up~ I enjoyed watching the topic of dog reincarnation.When Bailey barked, my kids barked at TV together. After the movie, I grabbed them and asked how many times you were reincarnated
10,The first score of my life. Among the really violent and provocative movies, I felt a healthy and small sense of emotion and fun without any provocative content.Let's have fun!
1,What kind of rating is this?
10,I watched it without knowing the time went by ㅠㅠ I think it is a must watch movie as a dog owner Tears... If all the dogs in the world were happy, they'd be fine
10,This is the charm of dogs
5,People who like dogs will always watch movies with satisfaction, but it is disappointing in the end because they only make ordinary and plain materials that can make them more impressive.
10,It was so touching. I enjoyed it. I have 3 dogs, and my heart feels warmㅠㅠ I couldn't make a sound and cry, but I cried a lot. My favorite movie... You're the best
10,Oh no ㅠㅠ I keep crying
10,It was really the best movie of the year. My husband and I cried so much. It was the same as Winter, our Golden Retriever who left around this time last year after seeing BaileyI hope you will be reborn as my side in about 20 years like in the movie. ㅜㅜ Anyway, thumbs up!
10,I was healed by the dog... I can't help but cry
10,I cried for the first time in the movie theater crying
10,A warm and beautiful movie that will make anyone happy. ♡ I love it ~♡
10,If you made the movie well, it's so much fun
10,Don't buy it and don't throw it away ,
1,The guys who got 10 points... You're not human
6,It was okay. My nephew said it wasn't fun
10,On Sunday evening, I didn't think much about it, but I trusted my GPA.I enjoyed watching itEDEN can't forget the past... Because I'm not married... More and more
10,You need tissue to see itㅜㅜㅜㅜ Stormy tears ㅜㅜ I love you my Cho Rong ㅜㅜ
10,It's the best movie ever. I wailed every time the dog was reincarnated I am sadder and more sympathetic because I have a dog.
10,It's so much fun ㅠㅠ And at the end, I bawl
10,It's a heartwarming movie ㅜㅜ
10,I thought of my dead Choco a while ago, so I cried while watching it. It's amazing how well dogs act
10,Became one of the best movies of my life!
10,It's a warm movie and a family movie that makes you want a puppy
10,It's sad but touching. I like the happy ending. It goes well with the fresh background that's not urban. I need to hug my puppy even if he's in trouble
10,It's fun. ^^ Download it on your phone and make it good to keep
10,Wow, this movie is amazing
10,Boss dog! It was so touching and I want to see it againcrying
10,What a moving movie!I watched it once when I was in America and watched it again because it was released in Korea.I strongly recommend this time, too!
10,Let's be together even if we are born again...!
10,A must-see movie if you're a dog person
10,A warm and heart-rending movie ㅜㅜㅜ
10,I wanted to respect my dog
10,It's good to watch with a comfortable heart
10,Anyone who has a dog will burst into tears 30 minutes before it starts.
10,It's a movie that every dog in the world should watch
10,ㅜㅜㅜㅜ I really recommend ㅜㅜ I cried all the time watching the movie It has life lessons. It's the best
10,It's calm and fun. I liked it because there were many episodes Each dog has a variety of stories. Seeing the dogs itself is healing?
10,Touching. Touching. It's the best
10,It makes my heart warm
10,Really... Wow... No, seriously. Wow
10,This is my life movie.It's so touching, fun, and the story is so good. I hope people who raise dogs or love dogs watch it. The puppies are so good at acting. I want to watch this movie two or three times. Thanks to you, I had a happy and touching weekend! Strongly recommend!
7,A movie that doesn't fit the sentiments of the Joseon people. A movie like this in a dog-eat-dog country? lol
7,It's not as touching or fun as you think, but I recommend it if you like dogs.
4,The rating is 9.4, recommended by our Henry, and I have three dogs.  The movie itself is not fun. I guess my expectations were too high
10,Puppy movies are always the best
10,I'm crying because I'm reminded me of the worldㅠㅠ It's a very moving movie
10,Personal life is as diverse as humans. It was cute, funny, sad, and warm. And I don't think I'll ever look at dog swimming  It's so cool to save people.♥
10,Thank you so much. It's healing itself
10,It was a very cute and heart-warming movie!
10,It's the best moving masterpiece for pets
10,My dog is so lovely. It makes me cry. ㅠㅠ
10,Everyone should have seen this moviePeople who like puppies should see them 10 times in their lives.The children's acting is so amazing and it's a movie that warms my heart I recommend it to those who are tired of life.
10,It was the best. It was touching and fun
10,I bought it on Olleh TV because it was not released because it was in the countryside. I watched it with my boyfriend when he was advertising on TV. It was a movie that was not a waste of moneyMy boyfriend and I cried a lot.I'm writing a review for the first time in my life Make sure to watch it. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ No regrets
10,Will you come back again in your next life?
10,A movie that I liked more because I watched it with my girlfriend. It was really nice to have a cute puppy and a girlfriend next to me. A good movie with meaning and lessons
10,It was so funny It made me cry It's ringing. Keep on being born again, Bailey
10,I cried so much that it's chaotic
10,I've never had a dog before, but I think I've realized once again how helpful and helpful pets are to people.
10,I hate to open it, but the movie is touching
10,It's the best. It was released on CGV. I'm sad that there are so many people who haven't seen it
10,I really want to watch a movie!
9,I'm raising a 17-year-old old dog, but I cried a lot while watching thisㅠㅠ Even the groom who left the old dog a few years ago...It has a good story, fun and touching story, and it's a movie that you can enjoy whether you raise a dog or not!
10,I think it was touching and warm the whole time I watched it. I think it's the best movie ever
10,I want to raise a dog 5666
10,After watching the movie, I called the name of the dog that I sent to heaven to my cat, and he looked at me and cried a lot ㅜㅜ
9,Why don't you get married a little earlier?
10,This is just the best
10,I laughed and cried in my heart for the first time in a while
10,It's a happy movie. It's healing. ^^
8,I always miss the babies who left me, but I hope to meet them again someday.
10,If you have a dog or if you like it, there is a high probability of crying.
10,It's a masterpiece. How many times do you laugh and cry ㅜㅜ
10,Such a movie is a masterpiece!  Tears welled up the whole time.ㅠ
10,The best family movie I've seen this year
10,Crying and laughing ㅜㅜ Make sure to watch a heartwarming and touching movie  It's my first time getting a GPA
10,Also, the movie that I want to watch. It was good to tell the story from the dog's point of view, and everything was good.
10,I think dogs' purity is better than humans
9,A heartwarming movie. It goes well with cold winter
10,It was a good movie that moved me and lingered for a long timeI love this!I want to watch it again!Bailey was funny and touching
10,I enjoyed watching it as a dog owner.I kept crying and watching...ㅜㅜ
10,Make sure to watch it! It's a movie that has both touching and fun
10,I watched it with my family, and the whole family kept smiling and sniffling... Tears... The dog that I have is like a kid who crossed the rainbow bridge before...ㅠ
10,ㅜㅜ적이고 It's touching..I love my dog even more
10,It feels like I'm getting healed and warmed up throughout the lovely movie
10,No need to say. If you're a pet, you have to watch ita moving movie
10,Best! Fun ^^ Funny and touching!Cute and cool! Bailey, boss dog!
10,I went to see my girlfriend and we got along a lot because of this movie. It's over now
10,I cried even though I didn't raise a dog
9,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey...Laughing, crying, laughing...It was impressive.
8,A warm movie to watch with your family
10,What is the meaning of life even if you don't have a dog? A movie that everyone in the world wants to watch. A movie that brings back the happiness that you forgot!
9,It's obvious, but it's a precious story for those who love dogs
10,It's a movie that I've been waiting for since before its release, so I heard that there will be a puppy who went to the premiere, so I watched it, but I hope many people watch it's a healing movie. I heard that the sequel is coming out, so I hope the sequel will be released in Korea as many people watch it.
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,It was a satisfying movie that was calm and deeply moving
10,I miss you a lot
10,A must-see movie if you're a dog person!
10,Dogs also seek the meaning of life.
1,I thought it was Begin Again.
10,I thought today was the last day of screening, so I watched it in a hurry. It's a movie that makes me think about the dog I live with now.
10,ㅠㅠ I want to raise a dog and I don't want to raise a dog. It was a heart-warming movie Recommendation!
10,I want to raise a dog.
6,The hype isn't as touching as you think
10,It's heart-warming and it'sad.It's my first time getting a rating.It's the best.
10,It's my first time to get a star. I should have been nicer to you.
10,ㅜㅜ Jio, come to your mom again in your next life
10,Naru, it was so painful and sad to see you, who have been with my family for 16 years, and who are now very old and do not walk well. But after watching this movie, I felt a little relieved.Even if you cross the rainbow bridge, please come back to my family's ferry. I love you.
10,I watched it lightly and cried a lot I don't know.A movie that makes me want to empathize more with my dogs
10,It's been a while since I was touched
6,It's either gaeppa or boring. I'm sick of it because it's a typical story
9,It's touching...
10,It's a moving movie. I strongly recommend it!
4,4 points because the dog is cute.
10,I should watch a touching movie at the end of the year Bailey, you're lovely^^
10,I was happy when I saw it.
9,It was so good. I was able to heal properly during the exam period. ㅠㅠ
10,I watched it without thinking and cried my eyes out ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I missed Samsun so much that I cried all the time. Samsoon, don't be born as a dog again. You don't have to come back to me, so be born as you want and live happily.
8,It's touching. A movie that people who like dogs will like. ^^
10,I keep crying because I think of my baby who crossed the rainbow bridge not too long ago ㅠㅠ
10,I agree with you 100 times that money is not a waste. It is a really good movie.Thank you so much to the person who recommended it
7,A must-see movie if you like Dennis Quaid and pets.
10,I didn't think much about it, but it's healing and nice
10,Halstrom's movies seem to have a lot of moving works.Every time I went to heaven, I was sad
10,My girlfriend cried three times.You can tell why I cry three times.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's a movie that leaves stars
10,Next week, I think I'm the youngest. I'm going to work at 7 o'clock tomorrow. I should've watched it even though it was only early in the morning. It was so funny and fun, but I laughed a lot and cried
10,It's my first time to get a star.It is the most impressive movie of this year.
10,It lingers for a long time...
10,I'll always wait here no matter where and with whom you live your life now. Please come to me again
10,It's funny. It's tense, it's touching, it's funny, it's distributed, it's appropriate, it's obvious that you're trying
10,I'm here to love him and make him happy
10,I enjoyed watching it The kids like it
10,A really touching movie...
10,I laughed and cried a lot thinking about my dog that I've been with until now.
10,It's a very touching movieMake sure to watch it
10,I laughed and cried empathically because I thought of my dog while watching it.
10,It was fun. I had a second thought about the dog life
10,I cried so much after watching this movie. It's like giving a life, not a movie that touches and leaves a lingering impression. Thank you for the good movie!!
10,It's a touching movie because I can relate to it
10,I watched it with my kid. It's a very moving movie. I highly recommend it.
10,There's no CGV and there's no Megabox. Where is it being screened?ㅠ
10,The must-see movie ㅜㅜ is also the master of my dog's life.
1,It's been awhile since I haven't seen it in a while
10,The heartwarming movie Bailey Again. A deep message delivered to us through the reincarnation of a dog.I would have recommended it to my acquaintances if it was shown again. I watched the last screening on the news that the show was ending because there were not many audiences. My heart still aches^^
10,It's the best movie of my life. Make sure you watch it
10,The thoughts of my puppies who sent me across the rainbow bridge are amazing.I cried and cried. I envy Eden.
10,Life movie. A movie that comforts the sadness and sadness of a dog's short life. It's the best Make sure to watch it!
10,Why don't you do CGV? I watched a movie in Juan. I cried the whole time. It was strange to see an omniscient dog. I can't forget my first master even if I'm dead or born again. It's so lingering
10,I was really impressed. Why only Lothsi is released ㅠㅠ Such a good movie!
10,It's such a touching movie. A movie that reminds me of my memories with my old dog. Personally, I hope this kind of movie will come out in the future^^
10,I want to raise a dog
10,It was a heart-warming movie
10,My heart is so warm ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie where you can listen to dogs' hearts
10,It was so good~~~
10,Oh, it's so healing. ㅠㅠ Bailey ㅠㅠ Or
10,It seems like a movie that doesn't need a rating that's fun and doesn't have that expression and makes me feel comfortable when I just watch it.
10,I cried...
10,After watching this movie, my dry eyes got better...
10,I didn't know that the customers would be so touchedLet's send them to the Academy Awards! You must all watch it!!!
10,As a dog owner, I'm so sad and I felt that I should pay more attention to dogs ㅠㅠ Even my tearless girlfriend cried.
10,He looked at me so touching
10,My favorite movie has finally been decided...ㅠㅠT
10,Puppies are love ㅠㅠ I'm crying Crying
9,Hearts for the dog owner from the dog's perspective. It's a heart-warming movie
10,Touching ㅜㅜ I love you puppy
10,I think people who raise pets would cry once in a while
10,There's a drama, it's fun, it's touching. Please watch it  Write your GPA first  You did a great job
10,It's sad, but I can relate to it
10,Laughter and tears. I'm touching
6,The dogs were so cute, but just watching the movie, they're just so-so
10,I watched a movie that made me cry even after the movie. I really wanted to see my dogs at home
1,Eat a meal of boiled pork soup
10,I hope that my puppy will be reincarnated and come to my side until I can take care of him.
10,I went to Lotte StationI saw him in the morning, and I thought he was in a private buildingIt was a movie that made me feel warm and look back on my life. It's Kang Chu
10,The dog was so cuteThere were some parts where I got emotional after watching ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'll see you again..?
10,While I was watching, I cried my eyes out at the thought of the puppy that sent me to heaven.
10,I can't stop crying because I thought of Somi. She might think like that from a puppy's point of view. Even if she's not a pet dog, it's a touching movie. Somi, are you going to come find me?
10,I'm so glad that I saw it♡
7,It's enough for a cute puppy
10,Puppies are simpler than people think, and they can love them purely
10,If you're a mom or dad, you should watch a movie and cry
9,When I went to the end, I remembered my first love with my dog when I was young, so I burst into tears ㅠㅠcrying
9,It's so much fun. However, it seems that the purpose of the original dog is more appropriate than Bailey's gain
10,It's a touching and warm movie, but there aren't many theaters, so I looked it up and watched it.ㅠㅠ I really enjoyed it with tears in one's eyes
10,My boyfriend doesn't cry at all, but he cried while watching a movie
10,I really enjoyed watching it. It's a healing movie. I cried the whole time crying
10,Keep crying and crying and crying and see you
10,The movie is so good There should have been more theaters.
10,베베Bailey, bailey, bailey~~~~ I healed by seeing the cute puppy Let's be happy, all puppies?
10,There aren't many theaters in Jeju IslandJust one of the whole movie theaters.It's 8:50 in the morning. I hope there are more T.T. opening halls. It's vacation for the kids soon, and it's a good movie to watch with them, but it's too bad...
10,It was so much fun! must-see
10,I just happened to watch the movie, but I didn't know it would be this fun
10,It's a very touching and fun movie
10,You'll know when you see it. It's fun and touching
10,A movie that's warm and healing enough to watch alone. I strongly recommend Bailey Again!
10,I kept crying while watching itㅜㅜI've never seen such a sad movie before!Look.
10,It is a movie that shows the perspectives of dogs and it is also a must-see movie for dog owners.
10,I can't believe that only Lotte Cinema is showing this interesting movie. ㅠㅠ Too bad I lost track of time and enjoyed it so much! The puppies were so cute that my eyes were happy
10,As I watched it, I kept thinking about the dog in my house. Each and every life had a story. I was so sad at the story reunion ㅠㅠ Bailey, who made me happy while we were together and made my dog's life happy until the end to make me cry. It's been a long time since I had fun
10,Make sure you watch it. You should watch it Lovely Bailey
10,I was moved to reflect on the lives of these desolate human beings♥
10,A must-see movie. A heartwarming movie with deep emotion. ^^
10,They're so warm, lovely, and prettyI watched a moving movie after a long time Full of empathy ^^
10,It's too bad I saw it in such a small theater.   Bailey, Bailey, Bailey...
10,It's a healing movie. It's fun
10,I want to go home and hug my puppy.
8,It's a bit loose, but it's a bit acid-inspiring
10,It's an obvious story and it's childish, but my sensitivity is even more childish
10,Let's meet in the next life, Maru
10,I watched it with my son^^ It was more fun and touching than I thought^^
10,Siri Siri Mongsil, I love you
10,Bailey ♥? EDEN. I really enjoyed the movie until the end
10,I didn't even know it was showing, but my acquaintance recommended it, so I downloaded it and watched it. I can't believe this life movie isn't shown on CGV and Megabox.  If you have a dog, make sure to watch it. Don't forget to bring tissues
10,My name is "Jul-Jul-Jul-Jul-Jul-Jul-Jul-Jul-Jul-Jul,"
10,It's nice to see my daughter in elementary schoolI can't stop smiling throughout the movie ^^
10,It is a movie that everyone, whether they raise a dog or not, can sympathize and watch warmly.You can't miss any of the scenes and there's nothing interesting about any of them.I want to recommend this movie to everyone because I want to watch it whenever I have a hard time
10,Even if I didn't raise an animal, I cried my eyes out whenever there was a touching scene It's going to be your favorite movie, so make sure to watch it It's the best
10,It was such a beautiful movie
10,A movie that made me emotional many times as a dog owner
10,I didn't know what it was about and it was so touchingㅜㅜ I just cried ㅜㅜ I was really touched after a long time. The best
10,I cried at the endㅜㅜ Add to your life movie!
7,The dog was so cute and there were many episodes about raising a dog, so I enjoyed watching it
10,I really like dogs, so I was moved and enjoyed watching them.
10,Good. Blow away all your worries!
10,The movie that people who live with their dogs can relate toI recommend a movie that makes you cry and laugh more when you read their hearts and fall in love more~~
10,Personal presence ㅠㅠㅠㅠMake sure to watch it. Why is Lotte Cinema monopolizing it?
3,Childish and boring~ You need patience to watch until the end~ Delete more than 20 minutes
10,It was fun. Too bad there weren't many theaters
5,I saw it because it was calm and the material was good, but it was very boring except for the end of the human point of view because it was made from the perspective of a dog named Bailey. The kids might have liked it better if they saw it.
10,You have to watch it. You have to watch it If you have a dog, you need to see it more
8,I understand why people who live alone raise dogs. I cry thinking that dogs are better than people
10,ㅠㅠ I'm going to be nicer to my dog right now I'm going to be sad and funnycrying
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I want more people to watch it, but it's a pity that there are only a few theaters. I kept thinking about Kkomsil at home and I cried. I love you Kkomsil
10,Bailey-Baing 일리 Bailey-Bailey
10,It's a movie that makes my heartbreaking.
10,It's crazy sad, but it's a weird movie that makes you feel good when you leave the theater
10,If you have a dog in your family, make sure to watch it
8,It was okay, but it didn't feel a bit boring
10,The warm soul of a cute puppy.
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey ㅠㅠ So cute
10,It was such a good movie I want to drag people who aren't watching and tell them to watch it!
5,The fact that dogs are cute cannot be the standard of a good movie
10,I cried a lot. More than sadness, I want to see sadness againIt's too bad. If you didn't see the scene on the news, I wouldn't have seen it either
10,Recommended tears with daughter after a long time ㅠㅠ
10,It was the most touching and good movie I've ever seen Puppy is so cute. I laughed and cried the whole time ㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it crying
10,It's touching and I want people with dogs to watch this movie
10,It was so fun and touching. It was so good that I didn't regret watching the movie at the theater that I felt sorry for the money. I recommend it!
10,I loved it from the beginning to the end
10,It's so touching. It's important for dogs too, but what's the point of telling humans?
9,I like it. It's a touching and warm movie. If you have a pet with you, you want to see it and be nice to them.
10,Cute and touching ㅠㅠ
9,"I can't even do it." I need to get rid of that word...
10,Please show it a lot. I'm touched
10,It's the best Make sure you watch it
10,Tears, nose, nose! It's been a while since I saw a good movie. It was touching~~♡
10,I was going to bring a handkerchief to see my friends this week.Is it true that there's a movie coming down today?! Please get off next week.  Why are you getting off already?It hasn't even been a month.ㅜㅜ
10,It's the best movie ever. I'm crying 6 times.Hot
6,It wasn't as good as I thought. I don't know if it's because I thought of a Beethoven movie... Each story is so short and the story develops so quickly that it feels like a watermelon. More like a dog's point of view than a dog's point of view. a very human beingIt's not good because it's the center. More than anything, it's not that fun
6,Is the score for real? The dog was so cute, but the story was not good because it seemed like he was trying to squeeze the emotion. Why is the rating so high? I think the expert's rating is really objective rating. Don't shoot 10 points just because your dog is cute
7,If you recommend it to your dog, you can get close friends. Even if the road is obvious, you can get emotional two or three times
9,Live the present! I'm touched. It is a very pretty movie with a calm impression.Please increase the number of theaters.ㅠㅠ I love this kind of movie.
10,Makes you feel happy
10,It's fun. I almost cried.
10,I was so happy
8,A must-see movie for dogs ☆
10,I strongly recommend it!
10,Touching. x100 I want to see it again.
10,Bailey, bailey, bailey, bailey! So lovely! It was touching! I loved the movie. :)
10,I watched it without knowing the time went by. There was no big twist in the story, but it went well and it was fun, sad, and touching They're so good at acting.
10,I just watched it and it was one of the best warm movies I've seen this year. I'll give you 10 points. It's
10,Bailey, who ran to the pasture because he loved it so much.Tears ㅠㅠ
10,Fun, touching, immersive, famous lines...There's nothing missingThe best movie I've seen this year. I am a man, but I cried and watched it. After I came out, I was exhausted. If you have a dog, or have had one, make sure to bring a lot of tissues! I can only give you 10 points. That's too bad. Eunyeonghwa!
10,The dog mom, cat mom, people, mom went and cried a lot. I was praised for choosing a movie well. I should tell people that I got healedYes.
10,Bailey, I love you. There are so few good movie theaters like thisㅠ
10,It's a must-see movie for pet owners
10,If you have a dog, make sure to watch it
8,It was worth watching, but a little boring.
10,If you like dogs, make sure to watch itㅜㅜㅜ
10,I had so much fun watching it. I was reborn four times and cried four times ㅠㅠ But they didn't do CGV Megabox, so I lived in Gwangju, but I went to Gwanghwamun crying
10,I envy you. I want to meet you again
10,I enjoyed watching it with my child. It was so cute and emotionally good movie^^
10,It's a shame that there aren't many theaters.It's a movie that everyone would like to watch.In the last scene, it's touching!
10,It was different and fun to watch from a dog's perspective!
10,It was a heartwarming and happy movie.I strongly recommend...
10,It's a moving movie that people who raise dogs can relate to.
10,Thank you for making my heart warm
10,If you have a pet, make sure to watch it
10,Lovely and warm...
10,It was so lovely and touching, and it reminded me of my dog. I'm going to download it and watch it for the rest of my life. I couldn't stop crying and smiling throughout the moviecrying
8,Bailey Chews as Welsh Corgi...
8,A touching and nice family movie
8,Jinja is fun~~~~
10,The puppy's perspective is fresh lol The heavy part wasn't too heavy, so the overall story wasn't bad.
10,I'm so touched. I don't know how many tears I shed
10,I was so sad ㅠㅠ Bailey is the best!
10,Tears, runny nose, and laughter are guaranteed! I thought it was a CBR. My boyfriend is cold-blooded, but he wailed. Make sure to watch it!
10,I was happy the whole time
10,As a pet owner, I was very moved to see a dog that only looked at its owner.
10,A touching movie. A movie that you can watch if you have a pet dog
10,A touching movie that makes you cry, laugh, and laugh! 100 stars
10,Angels ♡ themselves. Dogs must watch it!
10,It's so touching.crying
10,It was touching. If you're with your dog, please watch it!
10,It's a movie that's worth watching, regardless of age or gender. It's so much fun while laughing and crying!
10,It's a good movie.I want to see you again later.
10,Have fun, don't frown on the past or the future.
9,If you've ever let your pet go, you've cried a few times.the company's comment that it is too calm
10,It's the best movie of my life. I hope everyone has seen it. I'm writing for the first time! Everyone, make sure to watch it! Look twice! Look three times!
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey!
10,It's so touching. It reminds me of my puppies. Tears ㅜㅜ
8,I lost track of time with the kid in room seven and enjoyed it
10,I cried a lot while watching the movie.A reason for living or one's purpose.Everything that happened from the dog's point of view felt like both human and dog's point of view.I want to see the original.I'll have to buy it right away.
10,I'm touched. Thank you for the good movie
10,Every time a dog dies, it's so sad ㅠㅠㅠㅠT
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I don't know if it's because I'm raising a dog, but there were a lot of things that I could relate to and it was touching
10,It's fun. It's sad that there aren't many theaters
10,I had a lot of fun.It's the best
9,Movies are fun, but it's hard to watch because there are few theaters and the number of movies
10,I just went to see my daughterMake sure to watch it. It's not a sad story, but tears keep coming ㅠㅠ
10,It's nice to watch with your family
4,I was looking forward to it from the preview, but it was a movie that warmed my heart and made me understand the dog's heart well
10,It was like a fairy tale movie after a long time
10,I cried a lot because I remembered the puppies who left me I wonder if I was a good owner
10,It was so touching.
10,I was smiling and choked up the whole time. I'd like to see more theaters.
10,It's touching It was the best movie I've seen this year!
8,It's a movie that made my heart flutter these days when life is not fun
10,I'm so touched... It makes me look back on my life.
8,Is the content less realistic, message? is a good movie
10,I'm so thankful and sorry for all the dogs who were there for me ㅠㅠ
10,It was a heart-warming movie^^ I didn't understand why there were so few people.
10,A heart-warming healing movie~~♡♡
10,It's a good movie that touches my heart
10,I strongly recommend a movie full of course!When you're having a hard time, when you're in a bad mood, when you're tired of a relationship, just watch it right away
8,It's a movie that people who have pets can watch if they can relate to itNothing special, but it was worth seeing
10,Best movie of the year. Make sure to watch it with your child.
10,I hope there will be a lot of movies like this ㅠㅠ?
10,It's a movie that reminds me of my beloved puppy in the sky, which makes me very, very sad but very happy. Thank you.
10,I just came out of the movie. It'd be nice to watch it with the people I love after crying and laughing
10,It was so touching. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's not forced. It's a perfect composition!
9,The ending was touching and fun
10,It's a touching movie
10,a calm but warm movie
10,Dog special surgery!
10,I'm so sad. I hope many people will watch a good movie
10,ㅠㅠ Tears, runny nose...It's so touching.Please... take responsibility until the endcrying
10,Best ㅜㅜ My life movie
10,Dogs are the best in the world ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Infinite touching! Infinite touching! Infinite touching!
10,Haha, it's such a good movie
10,I had a dog like a family in my family since I was young, but I cried throughout the movie because I remembered Happy and Soon-dung who went to heaven when they were old. If you have a pet with your family, it's a good idea to watch it.
9,I think there are many warm parts of the world that I saw through the dog's eyes
10,It was nice to see Bailey and my life motto being the same. A pretty movie that warms you throughout the movie.
10,It's fun. What's the spoiler for the Korean title? --
8,The kids really enjoyed it.
10,Please be born as my pet in my next life. I'll do better than I do now
10,Cgv Megabox Release Get it
10,I saw it today, but why...It's released in 2017, right? I really enjoyed the movie.
10,It was a good movie I enjoyed watching it
10,It was a movie where I learned the importance of dogs
10,I should hug my dog a lot^^
2,No fun at all
8,The puppy is so cute?
8,It's a simple storyline, but it's touching in a simple place
10,I made this movie to cryI believe that I will cry just by calling your name
10,It's one of the masterpieces that reminded me of the meaning and importance of life through dogs
10,It's a movie that reminds me of my dog and makes sense. It hurt me to be dull as I got older, but seeing Bailey made me a little happy
10,I love movies~ The movie I want to watch one more time!
8,It was fun. It was a bit disappointing
10,I was so sorry and happy to see him raise a dogㅠㅠ I hope you can see them before you buy them or if you have them! 100 minutes is too shortㅠㅠ I cried a lot thinking about my puppyㅠㅠ It's my first time watching it alone, but I'm so embarrassed. Bailey Again is the best!
10,I had a great time with my kid!
8,My stupid life, Rase Halstrom
10,I'm so sad because Bailey and the dog at home seem to overlap, which is more than necessary
8,It was fun and touching The movie that made my boyfriend cry when he watched another movie
10,It's really fun. Strongly recommend
10,I must have lost track of time. It was so touching and fun
10,Cry, laugh, laugh, cry, repeat
9,It's a comforting movie
6,People who raise dogs will cry no matter what
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,The movie is touching and it's so good
10,A movie that comforts people who sent their dogs away
10,It was so good! It's touching and lingering I kept crying
10,It's a heart-warming movieIt's such a happy and sad movie
10,A movie that makes various audiences of all ages cry together.
10,It's sad ㅠㅠ A movie that makes me think
10,Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon Hyewon
10,Make sure to watch it. It's your favorite movie
8,I watched it with my family. It was fun
10,Good. GFRIEND is crying
10,A movie that heals just by watching puppies
10,It's my favorite movie! Bailey, I love you
10,CGV -- Open it up! It's a masterpiece ㅠㅠ
10,The best movie I've ever seen is simple, so it's easy to understand
10,A heart-warming movie! Puppy's acting is the best!
10,I haven't seen it yet, but there are too few movie theaters showing, and I want more time.
10,It was a heartbreaking movie for a dog
10,I was happy the whole time
10,It's a movie that heals my heart. I hope a lot of movies with animals come out♥
10,After watching this movie, I wanted to see Valdori
10,I saw my daughter who loves dogs so much dogs The description of people from the dog's perspective was refreshing, and I feel that the quality of life of a dog can be very different depending on which owner you meet I felt sorry for meeting the ownerWow, happiness level with unexpected ending ♡♡
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,My 7-year-old daughter and my wife were both deeply moved^^
10,a movie reminiscent of life
10,Youngho that makes me cry from beginning to end
10,It was truly moving.ㅠㅠ I really enjoyed it so much that I missed you again!
10,I was sad because I kept thinking about my dogs while watching it
10,I remembered the dog I had a long time ago. I cried every time my dog lived. Best movie of the year.
8,If the transition scene went back so quickly that I thought that it was a movie that allowed me to express emotions, and if I could just pass through it, I think animal lovers like me would really enjoy watching it
9,It's a good movie that everyone can watch even if they don't have a dog
10,It was a movie that reminded me of Choco who went to the sky. Let's Love Animals
10,I'm so touched ㅠㅠ Can't you increase the number of theaters?
1,It's a video even if you don't look at it.
10,As much as I expected, the story... Still, it's heart-warming and warm
10,It's my first time to get a star rating. I thought it was like an animation when I heard that a puppy movie was being released, so I went there without thinking about it, and it was a really warm, fun, and touching movie that made me feel a lot of things.
10,Why isn't this being released on CGV? Such a masterpiece... Don't get angry at the angry bulls and increase the number of moving movies and screenings like this... I really don't regret it after watching it ㅠㅠ I think a family with a dog crossing a rainbow bridge would really keep crying
10,Lovely Bailey's warm story ♡ The puppies were lovely all the time I watched them
10,Crying and laughing... It's not a movie. It's a true story^^
9,It's four different kinds of fun. Four times more than 4 times
2,I'd like to see it
10,I think the original is the purpose of my life. I was really impressed with the book, but I want to see it when it is released as a movie, but there is no theater in the countryside.
6,It's sad and fun If you like dogs, you'll enjoy it
4,It's neither funny nor touching.The story is focused on chance. The emphasis is also unsophisticated. The cg of the circling part feels like looking at the student's assignment.
8,Became Bailey throughout the movie. I found out after watching this movie that dogs are usually such thoughtful animals (although it's an actor's performance)
10,Touching movie...If you have a pet, be careful not to cry
10,Just watching it with tears reminded me of IU's song lyrics. "Everything in the world dies, and when you're born again and you're old again, this heart is alive without wrinkles. He's alive forever. ' Please remember my dog's smell and memories.
10,Presence! Better than human.
10,I hope the number of theaters will increase.I imagine that I want to meet my dog again after breaking up with it - I want to see this movie after spending 19 years with my dog.Spend a lot of time with your dog next to you
10,I cried more because I thought of my puppycrying
6,This is why I like dogs
6,It's fun, but it's also boring
10,I was watching from some point crying with tears in one eye.
8,It's a good family movie to watch with children. It's not special, it's a whole predictable story, but... Elementary school kids and good looks good. It's a warm movie~~
10,The two of us went to the movies... It was a healing movie Strongly recommend
10,A puppy who left two years ago and has been with him for a year now.I have a lot of thoughts... It's touching...
8,Arong! You were my eternal friend! I miss you so much! I was so thankful and sorry! How do you remember me?
6,I'm going to lower the average rating. Don't expect that it's not a movie with a score than 9 points
8,It's more than I expected. It's warm
10,I thought I wouldn't cry, but I was really frustrated. There are many movies that I've been disappointed with these days, but I think I did a good job and I feel like I was healing.Please don't look weird. Look at thisㅜㅜㅜ
10,I enjoyed watching it with the kids. I cried a lot because I remembered the past. I want to recommend it. I can see why it's not just a dog but a pet.
9,It's a warm movie ㅠㅠㅠ
10,I don't know if the movie is fun, but it reminds me of Bosutang. A glass of soju
10,I want to watch it, but there's no theater.ㅠ
5,If you like dogs, it's definitely a healing movie
6,Don't you think about the dogs?
10,I cried a lot while watching it. It's touching. You're beautiful and cute living like this ♡
10,A must-see movie if you're a companion
10,Why isn't CGV being released yet?
10,The flow was fast, so there was no boring part. It was fun
10,I couldn't make a sound and sobbed.
10,The other day you crossed the rainbow bridge and cried because of our dog. Happiness, let's be reincarnated and meet again
10,It reminds me of my dog when I was young, so my emotions get deeper
10,It's so touching. crying
1,Shinpa... The one with the highest rating is too much
10,It's so touching and fun to laugh while crying
10,No, cop man, you're gonna have to shoot him--
10,This movie is the best...Tears and runny nose ㅜㅜ
10,I really enjoyed watching it From a dog's perspective, the world's warm and cute shoes
8,I think it's a movie for pets Hah!
10,a movie good for dry eyes
10,Whenever a dog dies, tears ㅠㅠ
8,It wasn't that much fun, but I kept thinking about my dog at home. Come to think of it, I've been walking every day for a week, but recently I've reduced it to two or three times a week.I'm tired ㅠㅠ I need to be nicer to you
10,..my heart feels so warm and purifying...
10,It's awesome. It's awesome. Make sure to watch it
10,It made me cry and I was so much
10,I usually don't watch movies twice, but I watched it twice. It's lingering.
10,A movie that makes your heart soft ^^ I really recommend it~~~
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey~♥
10,The reunion with Bailey and Eden was so touching.
10,I'm not a dog person, but it's touching. I think it would be good to see all the age groups of children, parents, lovers, and friends together.
8,It was a calm and healing movie
10,It's so refreshing Thank you.
8,It's fun. I recommend it
10,It's a touching and well-made movie!
10,It's so touching Puppies and people are all good at acting. Each and every dog was lovely. It's a movie that shows how dogs look at only one person. I strongly recommend this movie ㅠㅠ It's Eunyeong's shoes without any money
8,"The purpose of my life was to make you happy!"
10," Oh, so cute!~"   It starts with "Ah, I feel sorry for you~" and then goes "Ah, I feel sorry for you~" and then goes "Ah, I'm touched~"~"  A movie that ends with...
10,It's a really good movie.
10,At first, I wondered what it was about, but I was touched like an adult fairy tale It feels so warm
10,Puppies who share our lives with us
10,I cried my eyes out. It was the best puppy movie
10,I cried a lot ㅜㅜ 감동 It was a movie that was touching and had a deep connection with a dog
1,It's not fun. It's a movie that doesn't pay off
10,It's my first time. I cried throughout the movie It's a masterpiece that never stops crying. Apart from being sad, I was able to learn a lot of lessons. Thank you all Really
10,I really want to see it, but there aren't many theaters! It's so little that you don't even know it's opened!!!
10,★★★ The best movie of my life ★★★ After laughing and crying for a long time, I get soaked in the deep love and happiness of our life history!!
10,Please tell me why there aren't many theaters ㅠㅠ I really want to watch it, but the time zone and the theaters are small, so I can't go to the streets if I have time, and I can't go to the streets if I have time, so I'm frustrated! I really want to see it, but if you increase the number of theaters, there will be something more ㅠㅠ
10,I want to see my dog
10,It's so touching, it makes me cry and laugh...
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,Laughing and crying ㅠㅠㅠㅠmoving
10,It was so fun and touching, and it's a movie that doesn't waste money.
10,ㅠㅠTwo puppies are so cute ㅠㅠㅠI was so moved that I cried
10,I cried throughout the movie because I remembered the dog that died when I was young.I thought I wasn't crying because I was dry.
10,I watched a fairy tale movie without looking forward to it. I'm touched
10,It's a heart-warming movie, and the whole time I watched it, it was touching, it made me cry, and it reminded me of my Bailey at homeThe dogs that act are so cute and lovely. Make sure to watch it
10,I went to Jamsil because I smelled bad at Lotte Cinema in the neighborhood. You should have increased the number of theaters. It was touching. It's my first time leaving a comment like this
8,I don't believe in reincarnation.It was so touching and heart-warming. If you like dogs, you'll like seeing dogs
10,It's a good movie for everyone to watch. It's touching from beginning to end, especially if you've raised a pet or if you're raising a pet. It was a good movie that lingered even after the movie was over I hope that many people can watch it at all theaters
10,It was so touching. It was so much fun!
10,I didn't expect much, but the message and completion were so high that I was moved ㅠㅠ The dog is the main character, but it is a story about human life with joy, anger, sorrow, and joy.
10,The dog's reincarnation setting was interesting, and I was moved by the good nature of loyalty
10,A movie that cried but not sad
8,In the cold weather...It warms my heart.It's a calm story unique to director Lase, but it's a movie that's very touching and humorous. It's a pleasure to watch the detailed facial expressions of the dogs^^
10,If you have a dog, just watch it
10,I'm touched. It's so much fun
10,Please watch this movie. It is really touching and if you have a dog, you must watch this movie.
10,It's so touching. As a dog owner, I'm crying
8,The puppies are so good at acting!
10,I watched it alone in a small theater during the daytime on weekdays, and it was fun.The puppies are so cute and there are sad scenes, especially the last few minutesㅜ
10,It's my first time getting a ratingIt's really touching and funEspecially, it will be the best present for children with dogs
10,I really enjoyed itㅠㅠT
10,I went to see the dog because I like it, but I feel good because I think I saw a warm story.
10,It's a warm, sad, and pretty movie. ㅜㅜ
10,Cheolsu, who crossed the rainbow bridge, should meet me again? It was a heartwarming movie throughout the movie. I hope that Deokgu, the dog that you're with, will be with you forever
10,It's a beautiful fairy tale for pets who are always sorry in the middle of their hearts
10,Learn about life from dogs!
10,Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠ The best movie of your life...
10,If you have a dog, make sure to bring tissues. Your smile and tears won't stop
10,It's sad and touchingㅠㅠ. It's been a while since I cried while watching a movie As a person who loves dogs, it's a great movie
10,make one's life's goal agonized by being a dog
10,It's a movie that can't be seen without tears if you're a dog person. crying
10,While watching the movie, I kept thinking that I want my dog to come back to me later I couldn't stop thinking about it. I love you anytime, my dog~♡
10,A must-see movie for animal lovers
10,It was so touching as a pet, Bailey Gain
10,I enjoyed watching it. I was nervous because I thought my girlfriend who has a dog would be very sad when she went to heaven not too long ago, but she slept...
10,Being an old dog is like my dog, so I cry from beginning to end and go home...
10,It's not just a pet dog. It's a movie that people should reflect on.It's a heart-warming movie
10,Why aren't you opening Megabox?
10,Why aren't you opening Megabox?
10,Why aren't you opening Megabox?
8,Why aren't you opening Megabox?
10,I cried every time my dog died. ㅠㅠ You're so funny
10,Most of the dog owners will sympathize more and hope so. Thank you for the good movie
10,I don't cry a lot after watching the movie, but I cried a few times because I was touched by this. I enjoyed it
10,It's already a happy movie with cute puppies full of screens. It's heartbreaking, but I highly recommend watching it. I'm going to read a book, too.
8,Oh, I'm crying.I wonder if Minky will come back to me one day...
10,I cried throughout the movieㅜㅜㅜㅜ
10,Please increase the theater crying
10,I really like dogs, so I really enjoyed watching them
10,They're puppies with a consistent heartYou read the inside of a rigid group of humans어A warm fairy tale for adults! It was a day that warmed my mind베Bailey" says (enjoy life as it is
10,To.Eden If you hadn't told me Bailey was a dog that wasn't stupid at the time, this movie must have been the worst for me.But you were sincere and you stole my heart throughout the movie. Eden, Hannah, Bailey. I love you all so much.crying
10,Healing movie. It's an obvious story in a way, but as a dog lover, I could relate to it a lot
10,Puppies are so good at acting. They're so cuteㅠㅠ Your companion is a washbasin, and I hope you'll get your tears. I'm going to watch it three times. I came home and asked my dog, "Are you Bailey?" As if you're shouting 200 times (Puppy: Ignore)
10,If you're a dog person, make sure to watch it
10,I'm glad I brought a handkerchief.
9,A movie that's calm and has a deep echo. Recommendation
10,As a pet owner, I'm so touched
8,I didn't expect much but it was touching and fun
10,It's been a while since I saw a healing family movie in a movie theaterIt reminds me of my dog who left a few years ago.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,Touching ㅠㅠ It was a movie that made me more moved because it reminded me of my puppy. ㅜㅜㅜ
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, or whatever. Cuties are so good at acting. It's a movie that made me feel a lot of things
8,It feels like the dog owners heard what they wanted to hear from their dogs. I miss them Kkotnim's story is a TV animal farm-like ending, but it doesn't matterDogs are the best
10,I didn't raise a dog, but I was so into it. Let's always decide the sale carefully.ㅠ
10,It's a movie that makes you want your dog to be with you in the next life
10,I enjoyed watching it I recommend it
9,This movie is better than I thought Strongly recommend
8,It was lovely and touchingcrying
10,It was nice just looking at it.It might be obvious, but it's a touching story. :)
10,I was embarrassed because my eyes were swollen when I came out of the movie
10,It was a heartwarming movie after a long time~^^
9,It's hard to find a theater, but it's a movie that's more touching and lingering
10,I want to hurry up and go homeIt's a movie that makes me realize that the existence next to me is more precious
10,a refreshingly pleasant movie
10,It was a really touching movie
10,It's a movie that makes me laugh and cry thinking about my dog at home.
10,Just watch it The pets... Crossing the rainbow bridge reminds me of my dog
8,It's a warm movie from the perspective of raising a dog
9,Interesting style and story!
10,A good movie I haven't seen in a long time. I feel refreshed after watching it
10,A movie full of cuteness. I can't stop crying at the end. crying
2,I didn't watch it and came out in a hurry I'm just going to ride something similar.
10,Make sure to watch it. Two, three, four times
10,I'm touched the whole time I'm watching.  It's a movie that the whole family can watch together
8,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,The movie was so warm and nice...I cried a lot while watching the movie because I was so happy.
10,It's funny, cute, and touching. I wanted to hug my dog at home
10,Make sure to watch it and heal. It's touching for those who left their pets
10,It's the most touching movie.It was both fun and touching, and it was the best movie I've seen recently.
10,I've never cried while watching a movie, but I cried three times crying
10,I'm touched. I miss you again
10,Puppies' acting is amazing
10,a heartwarming movie
10,I'm going to cry just by looking at the poster. ㅠㅠ I've been crying for two hours I don't know if it's funny. Anyway, the story was good, the composition was good, and the acting was good Highly recommended ㅠㅠ
10,I cried while watching it. It was so lovely!
10,a heartwarming movie If I have a pet, I think I will cry. I think it's about life, not animalsI saw it in the cold winter and it was a better memory. I saw it well! It would be nice if many people watch it, but I'm sad that there's no openingcrying
8,It was touching and I was really surprised by the acting of the main characters.I started to look at my dog again, and I wanted to give him more love~  That's what I think^^
10,Thank you for the cute babies
10,Our puppy in the heaven, let's meet again in this world or that world
10,Open the CGV too. Please increase the number of theaters
10,If a person who raises a pet didn't shed tears after watching this movie, please reflect on yourself, enlighten and love me, it's not too late They're in love no matter what
10,I kept crying. As expected, there is no bad dog in the world.
10,It was really touching. Tears welled up
10,I hope you stay with me even if you are born again for 2 hours when you cried the most and your heart warmed the most.
10,It's a masterpiece. Tears, runny nose, running ㅜㅜ
10,I remember my dog at home
10,It's a good movie to watch if you have a dog
10,I watched it because my friend was scared, and my friend said it was good to see it. ㅠㅠ The puppies that came out the whole time were so pretty, cute, and choked up, so I watched it while crying. ㅠㅠ I think those who raise dogs will run to see them after the movie. 꼭 Make sure to watch it It's touching
10,Top 1 movie of my life is so much fun ㅠㅠ I's
10,On either side of me wept loudly. . . . . . .
10,It was such a warm movie~I kept crying while I was watching My wife scolded me for crying.crying
10,It was so much funㅠㅠ I'm sad... It's touching. ㅠㅠ
10,I cried and laughed at the thought of my dog that left earlier this year, and it ended in a happy ending, so it was goodI'm not confident to raise another dog yet, but I want to live happily with you if you show up to me again like in the movie somedayI won't forget you even if time goes by. I love you
10,It's a movie that's fun and warms your heart. Make sure to watch it
10,In modern movies like action and thriller, it's a heartwarming and teary movie. Like my wife, I cried and laughed whenever I was sad. Especially, if you have raised a pet or raised a pet, you'll feel the same way
10,It's a healing movie! I liked it because it was calm without squeezing my emotions
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, you're the best boss dog
10,Dogs Are Better Than Humans...
9,It was disappointing that there were some scenes related to pet sales, but except for that, it was very good. It's like my life movie ㅠㅠ
10,Everyone, watch it. Make sure to watch itcrying
8,I love all the puppies in the world
10,Dogs are love. Always...
10,It's a warm movie It reminds me of a dog that left
10,I feel like I watched a good movie after a long time.I love the storyline
10,The moment Ellie was born, I expected the movie to develop, but it was a sad movie It's like an imaginary movie, but I was touched that if it were a dog, it would be a true story
10,A movie that makes me cry... I think I can relate more because I have a dog.ㅠㅠ Bailey... Bailey... It's so touching crying
10,It's a movie where you can watch it lightly and laugh, touching, and tears coexist.If you like dogs, it's a good movie
10,It's fun. It's been a while since I watched "Don's episode
10,I can't let you go out of townCPlease show it on CgV
10,I don't need words, just go and see. There's no reason for that, but trust me and go and see Story acting, directing, translation, everything is perfect. Why is this exclusive? You have to have as many people watch it as possible!crying
10,A movie that heals and warms up over and over again
10,I like the story and the sad parts
10,ㅠㅠ Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Bailey.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie and made me sit down for a long time.
10,The puppy is so cute and touching
10,A really good movie to watch with a kid
10,The puppies are so cute But get some tissue readyIt was a sad and good movie
10,If you're a dog person, you're going to shed all your tears and snot. crying
10,Have you ever had a pet?I highly recommend it to those who raise it.It's funny. Animal abusers are sentenced to life in prison!
10,I didn't watch the movie properly... Tears covered my eyes
10,Ddol E, I love you forever!
8,Funny, touching, and small stories
10,It's a movie that comforts people who sent their dogs away. Maybe it's a fantasy until reincarnation, but I hope that puppies' happiness is as real as long as it's remembered and their pain is simply forgotten!
10,Of course, people who raise dogs will be moved and shed tears, and I hope people who don't like dogs or abuse them will see them. After watching this movie, I don't think I can throw away animals, hit them, and treat them recklessly.
10,I love you who came to me in circles
10,재밌게 놀아요~ '개의 목적' 최!!!
10,I watched it with my elementary school daughter. I watched it with laughter and tears and tears. I didn't wipe my tears to show my dad's strong side. I'd like to recommend it, but I'm sad that it's only being screened at Lotte Cinema. If you like dogs, you won't regret it.
8,I saw it well. I really wanted to see it after watching the trailer, but it was nice to be able to think about the meaning of my life again even though the movie is calm and touching
10,A movie that you must take with you tissues
8,My name is Bailey. Bailey. Bailey
8,The plot was good and the puppy's acting was so good that I was immersed in it. ^^
10,It's healing and purifying your soul
10,Oh! A movie that would be good for people who broke up with their dogs to watch
6,Touching but a bit boring
1,I cried in a sad scene because I'm a dog person, but other than that, it was a movie that was so boring, the story was sloppy, and only the puppies were cute. It's not worth watching at the movie theater, but I give you 1 point because I think the rating is too high. About 6 points is appropriate.
8,I think it's a movie that's good to watch with children, a movie that reminds you of the importance of life, and a movie that warms your heart
10,You have to watch ㅜㅜ after crying and laughing I'm so touched. I can't believe it
10,It was only screened at Lotte Cinema, so I had a hard time watching it. Cgv cut back on the weird bull screen and release a movie with this kind of touch.
10,Too bad there aren't many theaters. Best movie ever
10,It was a touching movie that reminded Bailey of what was for her pets through the lives of dogs.
10,I cried the whole time. I'd like to have more theatersㅠㅠT
10,It reminded me of my dogs and 100 minutes was a valuable time.
10,I watched it while thinking about the dog at home. Funny, sad, and touching. What an innocent puppy. Sometimes, I can't help but laugh when I see the silly behavior of a dog when I'm in a bad mood. Arong! I love you!
10,Lovely, funny, sad, and tears welled up in the heart-warming. It was a movie that made me clap naturally.
10,I am going to see my dog.
10,If you're not going to take responsibility until the end, let's not raise puppies. The dog is all about its owner.
10,Human history from a dog's point of view is interesting
10,It's the best movie of my life. If you have a dog, I recommend it.
10,I sobbed.If you have a dog, you should watch it
10,With the kid...I watched a great movie.It's a family movie.I recommend it.
10,Sad and touching puppy, I love you
10,It was so sad and touching ㅠㅠ It may be a little obvious, but it was so lovely, fun, and sad the whole time I watched it, so I was sad at the end of the movie ㅠㅠ
9,It's not a typical dog movie, but a movie that depicts things that can be thought of from a dog's perspective between humans and dogs. The first episode is memorable and sad. a film that lingers in one's mind
10,It's so touching. ^^~
10,Seeing the dog only looking at its owner makes me cry
10,Boom boom... ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,The ending is so good.A movie that makes you want to go home and hug your dog
10,It's a movie that brings back memories even before you even think about it
10,The best movie of my life ♡♡♡
10,It's fun ㅠㅠㅠMy heart got really warm.It was a great movie xD
10,I hope our puppies will be the happiest in this life
10,While watching, I thought of pepper at home...
10,The latter part is so touching. I cried.
10,I'm so sad.
10,I laughed and cried and laughed and cried and got hair on my butt
10,It's a touching movie.The kids loved it
10,Make sure to watch Lee Youngho a tear-jerker
10,It's a heartwarming healing movie. I can't wait to go home and see my babies It was a movie I wanted to keep!!
10,It was interesting to see humans from a dog's point of view. I also ordered a book. I'm proud of Bailey, who thinks "when it smells like that" in the middle of every movie*^^* It's like... Wow, it's super fun! I cried my eyes out because it was so touching!' It's not, but it's a long-lasting movie.
10,Leave a star for the first time. You won't regret it
10,A lovely, tearful movie, "Warm Train"
6,the richness of life with dogs
10,A movie that makes you happy. It's a heart-warming movie!I watched it with my family. I wanted to watch it with my dogㅠㅠ You're the best
8,After four reincarnations, you end up going back to the first
10,It's fun even if you watch it for the second time!
10,It's a lovely movie. My son and I both cried and were movedI want to raise a dog like Bailey!!!
10,My heart was warm and I cried for some reasonㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's just a healing movieYo ㅠㅠ ㅠ
10,I cried the whole time because I thought of my child. I really want to meet again like Bailey and Eden.  I'll wait for you no matter what you look like. Let's meet again
10,It's a really good movie. If you have a dog at home, you want to hug it again. I watched this movie in Japan a year ago. It's coming out nowI'm going to watch it again. Make sure you watch it I strongly recommend it!
10,I couldn't help but cry when I saw the dog spinning around when I said, "Are you ****?"I hope that our bailey's life will be better for dogs who are tied up with us for more love and walks, dogs fighting dogs, blood dogs, military dogs, guide dogs, abandoned dogs, and dogs being sold
9,My family enjoyed watching it together after a long time.
10,I cried three times, and friends with pets cried and friends without pets cried... There's a few clichés that's obvious, but I can't stop crying ㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it
10,Oh, it's fun. I thought it was really sad when I read the comments. It's a really good movie. It's okay if you don't have a dog
10,It was a movie that taught me a lesson. Make sure you watch it?
10,Whenever a dog dies, tears... It's been a while since I watched a moving movie I hope there are many movies like this ㅜㅜ
10,I enjoyed watching it, but every time the dog died, I cried because I was so sad
10,A movie that makes you cry when you see a dog
10,I really enjoyed watching it with my kid. The child who just wanted to raise a dog feels cautious about the dog and becomes serious. It's a heartwarming movie. It would be nice to see it with my family.
10,Whether I'm old or young, rich or not, fat or slim, I'm the only one in the world who looks at me regardless of my conditions and loves me without any conditions ♡ my dog ♡ my baby, do you love me? Kang Da Doong!
9,It's worth watching, too. I had a pet long time ago
10,Bailey was so cute and touching Sobbing
8,It was such a fresh and nice movie! I didn't know the time went by and I was so into it while crying and laughing While I was watching the movie, I became Bailey and watched it. It was touching. If you were a companion, you would relate to it a hundred times more But why is it only being shown at Lotte? ㅠ
10,It was a touching movie I watched it with my daughter, and she cried, too.I think I should be nicer to my puppies at home
10,It's a movie that makes you think that you need to be nicer to my kid
6,In 2011, Red Dog...
7,It's a movie that warms up the relationship between dogs and people. But I don't know if it's because I've never had a pet, but it's a bit cringe-worthy because I personified it too much.
10,It's good! Full of emotions!
10,I think dogs are really lovely creaturesㅜㅜ
8,Personally, it was a warm movie
10,I cried my eyes out the whole time watching the movie.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. It was touching and fun, and I was happiest when I watched the movie this year.
10,A must-see movie if you're a dog owner. I watched it with my mom and cried a lotㅠㅠ I'm going to give you a hug when I get homecrying
10,It's been a long time since I saw a warm and beautiful movie Hah!
10,The dog was so cute ㅠ
10,It was real and touching.I really enjoyed watching it twice
10,I cried the whole time watching the movie
10,This movie makes me want to raise a dog a lot
10,The bridegroom and I cried and watched... I love movies like this ㅠㅠ If it's like a movie of my life, I must watch it!
8,It was nice to get a glimpse of people's lives
10,Two guys went there and we almost cried and got awkward
10,It's a heart-warming movie
8,It was a really good movie that warmed my heart!
8,It's a calm movie that touches you. It's a life that you personally want. It was really nice to see you take care of most of the dogs you live with even if the environment changes
10,My boyfriend and I kept crying.Before I get my emotions straightened out, I smiled at my mom because she was so cute, cried, smirked, and the last movie left a warm feeling
10,It's so touching~~
10,I cried because it reminded me of my dog A movie that I enjoyed watching
8,A movie that you must watch if you have a dog
10,I'm so touched. ♡♡♡
10,I cried a lot after a long time.Thank you, Mr. Bailey
10,A movie that made a mother and daughter cry when they just started raising a dog
10,It's a movie that lingers.
10,The most impressive movie I've seen recently...I felt a lot from the message from the dog's point of view.
8,A movie that captures both fun and emotion.
10,A movie that brought tears to my eyes throughout the movie!It makes me want to go home quickly and hug my dog. I don't even want to imagine breaking up with my dog It is the most touching movie I have ever seen.
8,A funny, sad, and touching movie
10,Don't forget your handkerchief^^ You can watch it without any burden and it's a heart-warming movie
10,Make sure you read books, too ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I cry every time I reincarnate ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Need to take a bucket of wet wipes ㅠㅠ
10,a heartwarming movie
9,Do my dog, who died of an illness when I was young, remember me as a good friend?I hope you will meet a better owner in your next life
10,I wondered if it was fun because there weren't as many people in the theater as I thought, but I cried the whole time I watched it. It wasn't a sad scene, but I just criedㅠㅠ Dogs are really love. I'll have to watch it with my dog laterHah!
10,It was so touching Kang Inji looked different in my house
10,It's so much fun!It's a shame there aren't any theaters ㅜㅜ I went all the way there ㅜㅜ
8,I think I made an excellent choice.It's fun.
7,They are also living their lives
10,It's a movie that makes you want to say sorry and love to your dog
10,It's so touching.A movie that leaves a deep impression!
8,It's calming and healing.
10,Every time I'm done with a dog, I'm going to cry.When I'm reincarnated, I smile. I drew a dog's life, but there's life in it. It was a great time laughing and crying
7,Fell for a moment into a fairy tale-like, pretty, innocent story that will allow you to be a child.
10,I cried a lot ㅠㅠ I'm sure anyone who has a dog will shed tears. It's fun ㅠㅠ
10,It's a movie that heals people from a dog's point of viewI strongly recommend it!
8,It's so touching and fun to watch with him
10,It's such a touching and good movie ㅜㅜ♡
10,CGV, please release... I want to see you very much.crying
10,It's Lotte Cinema's exclusive release~~~
10,a calm and moving film
10,It's a movie that anyone who likes or has raised a dog can relate to
10,I wish something like this would happen to me.It's a movie that's very comforting to those who sent their dogs first.I miss my puppy so much.
10,a movie rich in love, a touching movie, a heart-warming movie
10,I haven't seen such a heartwarming movie in a long time. This kind of movie should be watched by more people. The repetition of laughter and tears...
10,I think it'd be good for people who have dogs to watch in advance. I enjoyed watching it
10,It was touching and I really enjoyed Bailey's acting
10,It's so touching and fun It's a movie that resonates with people who have dogs! I strongly recommend it!
10,It's so heart-warming. And I thought about raising a dog again
10,It's so touching and beautiful...A must-see movie for pet parents
8,Oh, good! It's getting warm. It's sad... ㅠ.ㅠ
8,The Hambokan Puppies. Oh, yeah.
9,I lost track of time and watched it
10,It was a heartwarming and touching movie that was good to watch with family, friends, and lovers The puppies are so cute!
10,It's so touching!!!
10,Throughout the movie, if I knew that Wooi Wife was crazy, I would cry, laugh, laugh, laugh, laugh...
10,A movie that a dog owner must watch
10,I was moved and cried all the time.All the puppies are so lovely~♡
10,Please release CGV!
8,Good. The most memorable scene. Do you remember me, Bailey?
10,I watched it twice ㅜㅜ and I cried my eyes out the whole time When it's over, my eyes will be swollen. If you have a dog, I hope you watch itㅠㅠ추 Highly recommended!
10,The movie is based on Bailey's perspective, so I cried a lot because I thought that the puppy that I sent to the sky was my everything like Bailey. the best movie
9,It's touching and warm like a fairy tale. But American movies seem to glorify reality too much. Just as Korean movies are too new.
10,That was great. My dog, again
10,As a dog owner, I was able to relate myself to itI didn't expect much but it was fun
10,ㅜㅜ My dog came back to me, too. ㅜㅜ Then I'll find out right away
10,I want to watch it, but why aren't there any in the movie theaters around me?
10,It's fun, peaceful, and cute
10,It's only released in Lothsier.ㅜㅜ Why don't you release a CGV?
10,You're the best ㅠㅠ Bailey Bailey Bailey
10,Dogs are the only creatures that love people unconditionally.
10,Small smile, warm heart, tears, life, dog life. Thank you for the movie  Thank you.
10,I can't help but laugh and cry
10,Puppy is cute. I like it. Hehe
10,It's a great movie for people who feel like a family of animals. Tears are falling...The theyn the
10,It's a movie that makes you tear up and warm your heart. I watched a touching movie after a long time.
8,A beautiful friendship between a really touching dog and its owner.
10,I thought about the last of my dog. How should I prepare for the last time you leave. What are you thinking now?
10,It's a heart-warming movie, even though I cried and laughed 5 times
8,There's really no place nearby
10,The best movie that's really touching
10,I recently sent my dog to heaven and watched this movie Just as Bailey thought he was lucky to meet Eden, I hope my Bo Mi thought the same thing.Thank you for the movie
10,Thank you for the warm movie
10,Crying and laughing...Every time the dog died, I cried so much.I sobbed at the end. The puppy's acting was great and cute. It was a proper healing time!
10,It was a heartwarming movie
10,Let's be nice to the dog. All the dog bullies, get it back
10,Tsunami is good to watch with children and adults
8,My husband is crying. I cried, too. A movie that heals you after a long time! Puppies are love
8,It's the second movie I watched with my 7-year-old daughter.I don't know if she understood 100% because it was a caption.But they said it was great to talk about it on the way back. I don't think I can see the babies because it's not dubbed. So, 8 points.But it's a movie that I'll remember for a long time. Strongly recommend!
10,A warm movie. It touched my heart
10,It was a really touching movie While I was watching, my mouth was full of smiles and I was moved and I cried a lot
10,It's so touching♡ Make sure to watch it~♡♡♡
4,It's a forced movie...
10,The best movie ever! I really recommend it! It's so touching that everyone cries and cries. The elements that you can look back on your life are impressive from various angles, so even people who don't raise dogs think about their lives and realize it. Such a masterpiece will not be shown on CGVYou
10,It's a movie filled with no time to be bored. Acting like dogs... Story... I'm so touched. I strongly recommend it.
10,What's up, I love you! It's fantastic~~
6,It's worth watchingIt's fun
10,I'm so touched.Tears welled up...
10,I cried three times while watching it That's awesome
10,Don't put off development in the future. Dogs are better at acting better at acting. Healing + touching
10,It's touching. The scenery in Chicago was nice, too
10,Today's movie is so touching. I really enjoyed it^^
10,I didn't expect it at all.It was a healing movie for those who left their dogs or cats. I've been very sad since I left my hair last year, but it's comforting to watch the movie. I'm glad and grateful to see you before the first anniversary of Mutul
10,I'll walk you home right away.Crying...?
10,Please don't look at life as a doll and cherish it.
10,At first, I went without thinking because my girlfriend wanted to go see me. But from the beginning, there was a touching scene that made me cry, and after that, cute puppies kept coming out. It was a happy movie
10,It was touching and it was fun for the kids to watch it~^^
10,From the beginning to the end, tears... It's so cute and pretty, but I keep crying. I can't wait to go home. My babies will be waiting. I'm sorry to the person next to me because I cried so much.
9,An unexpected happy ending. A little bit of tears...
10,Best movie as a companion!
6,It's a movie to watch with children.
10,It's so sad... Everyone in the theater cried It's cute and sensuous
10,I have never had a dog, but tears came out.
1,To be honest, 9.5 is too much. People who came out of the movie were fooled by the ratings. Is it part-time heaven?
8,It was a lot of fun I miss you again
10,It's my first time to get a rating for a movie
10,A moving... wordless movie
10,It was so touching! crying
10,It's a warm movie. I want to see my dog
10,It was so cute and pretty Recommendation!
10,Make sure you watch it As soon as it was released, I went to Lotte Cinema in the car Movie of your life... Reflect on your CGV without this movie
10,ㅠㅠ Huh ㅠㅠ It's too tight, everyone
10,I've never left anything like this, but it was a heart-warming movie It's a movie that makes me think about how my dog feels at home. Make sure to watch it It's my favorite movie
10,It was touching.It's fun and touching. It's the bestHah!
10,Puppies, let's live happily together for a long time
10,It was my favorite movie If I have a chance, I want to see you again
10,You're the best. Bailey, Bailey, Bailey
10,I strongly recommend healing movies! I hope my dog, who crossed the rainbow bridge, will come back to me.
10,The movie that reminded me of Youngsim's dog who died of pain.
10,It's calm and it's a great movie to watch with your family, especially your kids!
10,It's so touching. I almost cried watching it with the members. If you're a dog owner, I strongly recommend itTwo elementary school students read the letters and read them while being immersed. I think it's the best movie these days This is the review of the movie I paid for. I hope to see this kind of movie more often I hope more people can watch it
10,The whole movie reminds me of the dog at home. I also think deeply about their death, which I only wanted to avoid. I feel like I'm another human being who should let you go someday but wants to be with you forever. A touching and heartwarming movie in between.
10,I dozed off. The movie is calm, so it's okay
10,It's not even a movie that tries to make you cry, but why am I crying like a man?
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot on my way home. Thank you
10,It was so touching  I strongly recommend it as a family movie
8,It was an opportunity to look at pets with a new look
10,I enjoyed watching it!
10,It's a heart-warming movie. It's touching and I want to watch it again
10,It's really touching and it's a great movie. I strongly recommend it!I saw it twice
10,A really good movie that warms your heart. I watched it with my husband this morning, and he criedL
10,Emotional stimulation, human movie, a movie that conveys the fact that dogs are not property but family, family when they are happy or sad. Animal expansion is an issue these days, but a movie that they need
8,Puppy is so cute ㅠㅠ keep crying and laughing
10,I need to walk my dog a lot and love him more...And I think I learned more about the importance of dogs after watching this movie.I strongly recommend the movie because it has a touching and happy ending!
10,It was a precious time to put myself in the position of a dog.It's so touching and touching.With the writer's thoughtful imagination. Applause
9,I really like movies and I really recommend them Puppies, we are friends. I love puppies. I'm so glad to see you four times and die. ^^Bailey, bailey, bailey, bailey, bailey~~ It's better not to see anyone without a puppy.Because loneliness..."Puppy... I'm the only one who doesn't have it."
10,Sweat smell... Sweat smell...
10,I hope it'll be shown in Mega and CGVHealing movie ♡
10,It's a touching movie and I want to watch it again
10,Please release CGV We can't see each other even if we want to ㅜ
10,I think it's a really fun and touching movie I want to live a simple, positive, and happy life like Bailey I can't wait to watch the second episode!
8,Pets are family, too Don't abuse him. Please raise him with a loving heartcrying
10,It's so touching and I regret it. an insubordinate s
10,All dog owners who raise dogs are touched ㅠㅠ
10,Sad and happy movie!!!
10,I'm going to watch a moving movie again
10,Let's not be fooled by familiarity and lose preciousness!
10,A consolation movie for dogs
10,I thought I was doing it anywhere, but I couldn't find it.
10,A life full of tears and sin just by looking at the trailer ㅠㅠ
10,It's the best movie that makes your heart warm. I strongly recommend it!
10,You're the best! Tears!
10,I don't have a dog, I have two cats, but both cats are 12 years old and I have to prepare my mind someday, so I sympathized with Bailey's physical condition  I cried the whole time I watched it, and my heart sank It leaves a lot of lingering feelings.
10,Have you ever seen a movie like this? I have a cat when I'm 40 years old, and I've been crying all the time. Of course, at home...
8,Let's not eat dog meat!
10,Where did they find such good acting dogs? That was the coolest...Hah!
10,I hope you will be born again.
10,Touching tears~ It's like a warm cup of tea movie.I want to read a book, too♡
10,Bailey, let's be happy together
10,Bailey's acting is overwhelming!A feast of lovely puppies!Touching and laughing. Tears welling up. Take care of the tissue!I will spend more time with my puppy at home and love him♡
10,It's a movie that's really touching, fun, and healing.You did a great job!
10,It was a movie that made me think about the time with the dog next to me and cherish itGive me a signal to recognize you like Bailey when we meet again after a time of separation
10,Please increase the number of movie theaters It's so touching Make sure you watch it.Out of all the movies I've seen, time flew by
10,It's a movie that expresses the dog's point of view so well
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey, Baileyㅠㅠ
10,I think we should increase the number of movie theaters. It's a movie that I really want many people to experience ㅠㅠ Maybe people should follow the dog's view of life
10,I hope you come to me again in your next life
8,If you have a pet, it's very touching^^ Crying and laughing ㅠㅠ I hugged my puppies as soon as I got homeI hope the movie will be a hit^^
10,It was a movie that really touched my heart. Even though I cried in real life ㅠㅠㅠ오늘It was especially cold today, but my heart was warm It was a happy movieHaha
10,ㅠㅠ I cried a lot because I remembered Soonduk.
10,If you have a dog, don't watch it I'm tired.
10,I cried exactly four timesPuppy acting and actor acting skills that make me want to be nice to the puppy when I get home were the bestBut I don't want to see it twice Tears are falling down again...Crying
10,It was a very moving movie.I keep crying while watching it I hope it comes out on CGV
9,I think it will feel like a heart to people who live with pets or have memories. Because of that, I chose a high horoscope.  It's a movie that reminds me of my younger brothers who are around me and my younger brothers who crossed the rainbow bridge.
10,I watched it with my girlfriend, and both of them were so touched.
10,Bailey's so cute I wish my dog was like that
10,As soon as we started, I was so moved to the point where I cried. All dogs and dogs in the world become babies even when they get older and love each other ㅜㅜ You made the movie so well and it's touching
10,Be here NOW. Living without regret for the present.
10,It's so touching and fun
10,A movie that warms my heart feels warm for some reason. I think it's okay.
10,I really don't know how many times I cried. I really need to do well with my dog crying
10,A movie that makes you happy with a smile and warms your heart.Look! If you share the good things, it's double.
8,I thought of a dog at homeㅜ·ㅜ
10,Why the title of the movie is Bailey Again and the process was so touching. I should just give him 10 stars!
10,I cried while thinking about my babycrying
10,It was so touching.솔직히 Honestly, tears are coming out.
10,It was a movie that touched my heart
10,Crying, laughing, crying, laughing, repeating
10,Don't decide to sell dogs easily
10,It's a movie that has elements of laughter and is touching ㅜㅜ It's a movie that doesn't have any provocative content but will be remembered for a long time in my head I hope the puppy finds me next time.
9,It reminds me of the dog I had until last yearㅠㅠ The movie is quiet but touching, so the sound of snorting the whole time lol
10,I don't have a dog, but I love dogs, cats, and animals For me, this movie was so touching I want to be a dog owner someday when I am ready to give love to my dog
10,ㅠㅠ Come back to me, Poppy I raised when I was a kid
10,The best movie of my life! It's a pity even if I pay for it
10,Puppy is so cute and lovely. It was sad and healingㅠㅠ Namjoo is also handsome!
8,a cute and lovely movie
10,It was a warm, touching, and heartwarming movie!:)
9,Bailey took the ball and I got in trouble for cryingㅠㅠT
10,There are cute, touching, and good elements in it hasㅠㅠ! Bailey♡
10,I really wanted to cry out loud It was so warm and nice that I was thankful that it was made into a movie. I'm going to go watch it again
10,I enjoyed watching it with my family  ~~
10,Call me Park Pyeong-sik.
10,Call me Park Pyeong-sik.
10,I don't know if this good movie is being shown on CGV.
10,It's not even a sad movie, but why am I crying? ㅜㅜ
10,It's been a while since I've recommended this movie to everyone! Story, music, acting of people and dogs... I especially love the overall "spirit" of the movie itself. It's a movie that I really want to compliment
10,It's been a while since I've recommended this movie to everyone! Story, music, acting of people and dogs... I especially love the overall "spirit" of the movie itself. It's a movie that I really want to compliment
10,It's been a while since I've recommended this movie to everyone! Story, music, acting of people and dogs... I especially love the overall "spirit" of the movie itself. It's a movie that I really want to compliment
10,It's been a while since I've recommended this movie to everyone! Story, music, acting of people and dogs... I especially love the overall "spirit" of the movie itself. It's a movie that I really want to compliment
10,Bailey's voice that you want to hear a warm healing movie this winter
8,Please continue to be nice to my puppyHey, you!
10,It was more interesting and touching movie than I thought.I kept crying the whole time I watched it.ㅠㅠ It's a really fun and touching movie^^ Strongly recommend! Strongly recommend it!
10,If you have a dog, you should definitely watch it.I've never seen a movie that cried so much and I think it will be like that in the future.
10,I recommend it to beautiful people who love and care for dogs.It's a warm movie where you cry and smile at Bailey's cuteness
7,A movie where dogs lead everything.I don't know if it was CG or a live dog, but it was good because the dog's acting was natural and didn't feel like abuse.
10,Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
9,As a person who raised a dog, I went to see it thinking about the dog I raised, but it reminded me of the dog I raisedA film with a proper blend of emotion and humor. I think it would be better for people who have dogs now or those who have had dogs in the past to see it
10,I messed up the college entrance exam and watched this movie, and it was so touching and comforting to hear that I should no longer cry over the past, not frown on the future, and live this moment. :) I recommend it!
10,It's been a long time since I cried while watching a movie ㅠㅠ If you have a pet, make sure to watch it crying
10,It's so touching and I hope people who have dogs can watch it! It was a movie that reminded me of a dog at home.
10,Tears welled up in my heart
10,I'm not a critic
10,I don't usually watch movies with animals because they are so painful and sad, but Bailey Gain has a warm heart. ^^ But there aren't many good movie theaters like this...ㅜㅜ It's a movie that I want to watch a lot with my children
10,Lovely movie!!! It's worth watching it because I overworked early in the morning Thanks to you, I feel like I'll be happy today
10,At first, he was just cute. He spilled his nose
10,What's the rating of Cine 21? All 4 of us. What's 5 points? Is it like score terrorism? 5 points for unity...
10,I hope our puppies in the sky will come and see us again.  Be nicer to me. Take only good memories
10,Heartwarming movie ㅠㅠ It was a healing movie like About Time.
10,I watched the premiere yesterday, and it was so refreshing and I felt like I watched a warm movie. The dogs and dogs were so cute and their expressions were great ^^
10,The best movie. May all the puppies in the world be happy
10,Bailey, the dog that remembers his past life.I enjoyed watching it with a unique material
10,A really healing movie!I recommend it to people who don't have dogsThe story is good, but I cried a lot because I was raising a dogcrying
8,It was really fun and touching!Puppy is love!
10,It's good. Fun and touching
10,It is so touching and fun ㅠㅠ Laughing, crying, and money is not enough
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Real life movie. If you like dogs, I recommend you to watch it!!!
10,Calm and lovely ♡
10,Whether you like dogs or not, it's a very fun and touching movie that makes you think about life at least once. Cute dog faces are a bonus and I was scolded for holding back tears
10,It was really touching. It warms my heart. It's a healing movie
10,I didn't know I'd watch a movie with a dogㅠㅠ It was so touching~
10,I wanted to be human at least once in my next life, so I could see that you were the only one that Bailey was looking for
10,It's a movie that reminds me of our babies who left us and makes me cry.a good movie
10,It's a heartwarming movie! This kind of movie needs to be successful.If you have a pet, please watch itA movie that I will never regret!
10,Guaranteed touching and fun ♡♡♡
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The best movie I've seen lately, Ula makes me laugh and Laugh makes me sad
10,It's jam-packed. Please open the poetry book
10,I'm the only one who doesn't have a dog.
10,It's a beautiful movie that makes me wonder if there's another person in the world who loves me unconditionally like a dogcrying
10,While watching this movie, I thought that people are diverse and living in various ways through the eyes of dogs. It was interesting and fun. This is the happy ending of the dog that the owner wants, but isn't this the happy ending of the dog that the owner wants?
10,I thought that my mom would be really sad without me
10,a cute, lovable film
10,I saw the trailer at first and it looked fun, and it was touching, and Bailey, Bailey, you're so lovely
10,Bailey, Bailey, Bailey!
10,If it's obvious, it's an obvious movie. But a lot of people sympathize and weep because they feel that the dogs around them want their owners to be happy until they give them unconditional love like Bailey. It's a must-see movie if you're a companion.
10,It's a movie I want to watch again ㅠㅠ Even though I don't raise a dog, it's really touching and funIt's been a while since I watched a healing movie
10,How many times have I cried ㅠㅠ this year's best movie.
10,Be sure to watch the best healing movie that made you laugh and cry!
7,A movie that gave me a break
10,It's a movie that makes you laugh but also makes you cry a lot. Thank you
10,It's my first time leaving a star... My heart became so warm and tears kept coming out ㅠㅠ All the puppies here act well, they're lovely, and they leave Bailey in the background. ㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it I really don't say this often, but I strongly recommend it.a waste of money
10,A touching story that makes me think about the reason for the existence of all living things in the world through dogs. I cried because I was choked up even though I didn't raise a dog.
10,Fairy tales that adults see...It'll be so nice for the kids to see...The whole world will be happy to see it together.a healing movie
10,지금 여기 있어.그게 바로 그 개의 목적이다.
8,I can feel the dog's feelings while watching the movie.
10,I think Suga will come back
10,I really want to go home and hug my dogㅜㅜ
10,I cried my eyes out ㅠㅠ I hope you will be my dog again in your next life.
10,A dog that's cooler than a person. Touching and fun ^^
10,It's a movie where you can see and feel with your dog's eyes
10,The theme was fresh and fun The best voice actor's puppy dubbing is the best
10,It was a healing movie. A movie that anyone who has a dog must watch!
10,It's been a long time since I saw the fun episodeI was moved by the bond between dogs and humans, and I'll understand if I watch this movie, but it's the best movie of my lifeIf you don't see it, I'll regret it 2000%
10,It's interesting to see the dog's reincarnation material and friendship
10,I'm touched. I'm the only one without a dog
10,It was so fun and sadcrying
10,It was a touching movie and I cried a lot. Strongly recommend
10,The best movie anyone who has a dog should watch
10,Make sure you watch it It's so touching. If you love dogs, you won't regret it. ㅠㅠ
10,It's so much fun!I want to raise a dog
10,It's a touching movie Make sure to watch it!
10,It was so nice to have a dog and it was so relatable. More than anything, the puppies are so cute that I want to come see them again
8,The puppy is lovely even if it keeps changing its appearance.
10,I cried every time I was reincarnatedㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's a heart-warming movie Very.
10,I cried a lot because I remembered my dog. It's really like a movie made for someone like me. I miss you again.
10,It's really fun. I recommend it to people who like dogs
10,The image of a person from Bailey's point of view.Bailey's Life = The Life of a Person's Life A movie with laughter and emotion
10,It was a piece that made me think about my dog'
10,My favorite movie! That's a great movie
8,I highly recommend it for those who raise dogs
10,It's the best moving movie. I hope you all watch it
9,He showed everything through his apprenticeship.Laughter, tears, friendship, love were there.Bailey Again is a movie about life
10,LASE Halstrom is a great movie about dogs
10,Laughing and crying. It was such a good movie. I think it'd be good for people who have dogs to watch!
10,It's fun. You should watch it
10,It was fun and touching
10,The greatest emotion and laughter. I strongly recommend a good movie that recharges positive energy in your life
10,A movie that you must watch if you live with a dog
10,A messenger that connects people. a movie that anyone can enjoy without a dog
10,Puppies are cute and warm movie
10,Bailey's so lovely to be born again ㅠㅠ A cute puppy movie with fun and touching moments! Recommendation! I cried twice
10,The movie was laughing with Bailey all the time. I wanted to cry together, but every time I was immersed in a sad emotion, the puppy was reincarnated and it was funny. It was so much fun and I loved the cuteness and heart of the dog the whole time I watched it! As expected, the puppy didn't betray! I strongly recommend it!
10,I think it'll be the most memorable movie I've ever seenㅜㅜ
10,It was really good. It's a heart-warming movie
10,It was a lovely and touching movie I highly recommend it!
10,It was so much fun!
8,A movie that's good for dogs. A movie that makes them laugh
8,It was so much fun It's a good chance to watch it with your kid
10,I really want to recommend it! Both touching and fun! I had a really fun and happy time. :) Even though tears came out, I couldn't even last 10 seconds because it was so funny when my puppy was reincarnated!He's so cute and lovely. He's doing everything by himself I had a great time!♡
10,It was the best. It was an impressive movie
10,I'm so touched by your love for a romantic animal
8,It's a warm and healing movie
10,It is a healing movie. The dog is cute ㅠㅠ
8,I'm touched. ㅠㅠ The puppy is so cute
10,I enjoyed watching a beautiful movie
10,It was really fun. It was the best
8,It was fun!It's touching.
10,It's such a touching movie
10,It's fun. Puppy is so cute and touching. Healing movie
10,The portrayal of the human world from the perspective of a dog gives fun and impression. It's a healing movie for people who love for animals
10,I strongly recommend how to treat your dog
10,It's fun. You have to be nice to Choco
10,I know what it means to keep thinking about your ex-boyfriend's dog even if you don't want to see him.ㅜㅜ
10,Please increase the number of theaters! Make sure you watch it
8,It was fun to see it from an animal's point of view!
10,It's a warm movie that I want to read as a novel
6,A movie with a cute puppy. Thank you for inviting me, but I hope you host it wellIf you come early and get pushed back, you won't feel good, right?
10,The movie was the movie of my life movie
10,Bailey is so cute and healingㅜㅜㅠ
10,Communication between human and dog life, like these people...
8,I can't believe I'm having so much fun watching Bailey
8,지금 여기 있어.
10,My goal is to live like dog !! Henry: Enjoy the moment, don't worry, I was born the last fourth dog, and I went back to my owner's arms, and the last part was touching. Also, I cried because I thought of Chorong after I passed away. I strongly recommend it!
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
10,My neighborhood mega and CGV are not showing.I wanted to see you today.
10,Every time Bailey reincarnates, she's got a tear button
10,Watch a movie for the first time and get a rating. I kept crying because I remembered the child who crossed the rainbow bridge. If there's a better word than the movie of my life, I think that's it. I think I was able to think a lot even though it went smoothly without any stimulation. I'll have to go watch it one more time.
8,People who love dogs are even more touching~~
10,Crying, laughing, being cute, and then moving, the running time disappeared. The story is stronger than I thought. I went to Lotte Cinema to see this. I'll watch it again when it comes out as VOD.
7,Come and heal yourself. Heart, heart, heart♥♥
10,Lovely and warm movie ㅠㅠ Please watch it
10,A movie full of warmth.I recommend it. ^^
10,Puppy is the best! I wish I could have a reincarnation party like that
10,The best! The best! The best! Healing!
9,I'm healed by the cute puppies
10,I was really inspired by the previewㅠ
10,It's a touching movie. A movie that makes me cry
10,It was such a cute and refreshing movie So much fun! It was a movie that made me think about it from a dog's point of view Haha
10,Bailey Again Life's Greatest Puppy was a sad and cute story!
10,It's a movie I really want to watch, so I'm happy just watching the preview video. I hope our puppies can be reincarnated, too.
10,인생은 수수께끼다.
10,A dog is the main character? It's definitely 10 points. Woof woof
9,It's a lovely healing movie. I recommend it!
10,A heart-warming movie!
10,Why do critics only give you 5 stars after writing good things? They don't give high stars to their pride And the high star rating on the legendary fist is that your pride is capitalist through and through
10,I don't know why I cried so much while watching the movie 강As a pet dog owner, I have a lot of sympathy.Some people may think it's an obvious story, but I think people who raise dogs can really relate to it I don't like the one that was released exclusively by Lotte Cinema, but I enjoyed it
10,It's an angry bull fire and increase the number of movie theaters
10,A movie that I want to watch two or three times
10,A movie that reminds me of a puppy who let him go after not doing well when he was young.
10,All the moments you can go through in your life as a dog. At any time Bailey endured Bailey. And found the purpose of the apprenticeship.
10,Veterinarian = Sting ㅠㅠ I don't like stings...It stings a lot ㅠㅠ
10,The process of parting was all sad, but I sympathized that much and especially the last scene was even better.
10,It's making me cry I'm not going to play for another ten minutes, take you to more places, show you, and take you for a walk
10,It was so good!
10,It was so touching and fun
10,I really enjoyed it It's been a while since I cried a lot at the last time I did it If you're with your dog, make sure to watch it!
8,An interesting movie to understand a bird
10,It's fun and interesting, and it's so cute. I felt that dogs see the world from a different perspective. There are sad parts and overall, it's a well-made movie
10,It's a beautiful movie that's so touching^^ I think it'll be good for dog owners to watchI was so moved to tears when Bailey, the owner of the house, was reincarnated and visited Eden.집에I thought I should love my puppy more.^^
10,It's the best. I thought that was it after seeing the preview, but it's more touching and fun than that As a man, I watched the movie with tears in my eyes. It's G and J
10,The movie made me think more deeply about the purpose and reason of living my life. It's touching and it's so much fun. Make sure to watch it!
10,Why aren't you opening the CGV?
10,I just cried because I remembered my puppy in heaven. Can we meet again like a movie?crying
10,We've been together since childhood after watching a movie It reminds me of the happy times with the many dogs that left.  It was a pleasure to see a really warm and touching movie in the stimulating movies.I really liked the pop songs that were included in the movie I hope a lot of people can be touched by this^^
8,I liked it because it was small and warm
10,It's the most touching and I learned it again
10,I was touched in an unexpected place.
10,When Bailey dies, stormy tears
10,It would be better to watch touching stories, heart-warming movies with family members and lovers throughout the movie.
10,Let's feel the moments of each day
8,It was a movie that made me want to ask a lot of things to a puppy at home because humans couldn't do that.
10,I hope many of you watch it If you care about dogs,
10,I'm going to watch it today As a dog lover of all the dogs in the world! https://ssl.pstatic.net/static/movie/2012/06/score_btn_submit.png
10,I filled my heart with warmth and love. I'm so happy^^
10,I saw it at the premiere. I've never had a dog before, but I enjoyed watching it while crying and laughing. Make sure you watch it. You won't regret it ^^
10,I went to the preview yesterday and watched it in advance! Omniscient dog perspective! I strongly recommend pets who have sent dogs before It was a heart-warming healing movie! Is Bailey's Gain a hit?
10,Crying, smiling, warm and happy
10,I saw it at the premiere. A must-see movie for anyone who has raised a dog!
