밥정
1,It was worse than my birthplace
10,I recommend you watch it when you want to cry. It's a documentary that makes me think about my parents once again.
10,
10,It was a movie that made me cry
10,a dazzlingly beautiful wanderer
10,I was able to cry endlessly after watching the video with sincerity
1,It warms my heart.
10,May he rest in peace.
10,It's very touching. I cried a lot.
10,
10,Im Jiho, an artist who cooks rice.
10,I have nothing to say.
10,It's a movie that makes you want to go dig for naengi when spring comes.
10,Looking at the sky, looking at the big mountain in the distance, swallowing the longing by looking at the rain
10,
1,
10,As the title says, the mothership of the late Chef Jiho, who makes you feel the meaning of rice, is heartbreaking.It's a healing movie
10,
10,I respect you so much and think of you as a warm and friendly person. Im Jiho, who cooks the best food with a bowl of grass, bows down and pays silent tribute to you. You're a noble person, and the sky is indifferent  We were all surprised and distressed at how sad and sick he was and how he took us  The girls and sisters all liked it, so the first fan was Lim Ji-ho's connection to see where she was on TVI wish you all the best, Im Jiho. I respect and love you all  I wish you all the best in the world of paradise
10,It reminded me of my grandmother who passed away a lot. I watched it with tears in my eyes ㅜㅜ It's a warm movie
10,It fills my heartMiss you.
10,I think it's the first time in my life that I cried this much while watching a movie.Without any rhetoric, I could feel the longing for my mother and the sincere dish.And throughout the cooking scene of Chef Lim Ji-ho, I wondered how I felt and how much I missed him. I strongly recommend it
10,I didn't know it was such a beautiful thing to make food for someone, but it's so touching and lovely. Thank you.
10,Chef Lim Jiho's warm heart and delicious food... It was very impressive to see you making food for the grandmother and grandfather of Jirisan Mountain It's been a long time since I haven't seen it in a while
10,The story of my mother and the story, I should be nice to my parents when I think about how I would have been if I came to such a situation and whether I could have grown up like Imjiro teacher I thought about it and thought that I should prepare a warm table for you even if you're still aliveThat's what I think.I respect my mothers
10,It's a movie that makes me sad and sad. I want to have a warm heart like him, and I want to go on a trip where I meet people on the road. Chef Lim Jiho! I miss you a lot. It's a movie that makes you want to watch it again even if you watch it again and again.
10,I happened to see it on TV. I think I will remember it for the rest of my life.I miss my grandmother's house in the countryside.
10,
1,I don't like it
10,It's a very precious documentary. In addition, it is fun to watch and the visual beauty is great. And the chef seems to be a person who cooks with a true heart that only appeared in cartoons. It's a great piece of work.
10,I happened to see a movie on TV at 2 a.m. Why is everyone showing such a good movie during bedtime? I hope more people can watch it  That's what I was thinking. Chef Lim Jiho's message touched my heart deeply. Why did I finally get to know him? I searched with excitement, but I cried because he was dead Thank you so much for leaving the last mark in the movie ~!
10,I felt the depth that I can't describeI was so touched and it hit meI can't believe I've finally seen such a good documentary.
10,A moving documentary film that I happened to watch while changing channels
7,Rating Board...
10,Why did I finally come across this beautiful movie?It's such a touching story and a beautiful video. From my point of view, Kilpo is autumn mountain and cloud dance in the mirror hanging on the toenmaru of my grandmother's house in Jirisan Mountain. It's a really moving work of art.
10,It's time to think about your mother again.
10,I happened to change the channel at night when I couldn't sleep due to the pain after getting the COVID-19 injection.I couldn't express it in words, felt it, sympathized with it, and watched it without knowing how time went by.The mother who gave birth to me, the mother who raised me, and the mother who represents me, but the thought of my mother made me think about my parentsLooking back on myself, I try to sleep with a heartburn with the mind that I should not waste my life and live well in the present beautifully and gratefully.September 25th, 2021. Early in the morning
10,I had many thoughts while watching the movie of late teacher Lim Jiho I was moved by the beautiful scenery of Jirisan Mountain, and the beautiful aesthetic sense of the food remained more lingering than the artwork And I was thankful for the warm and beautiful person who shed tears and treated my parents.
10,I knew that Bob Jung was released, but I didn't see him in person, but I finally saw him on EBS today.I know your story roughly and have respected you as a fan for a long time.My heart felt heavy and tears were flowing while watching the movie.Teacher Lim Jiho is so warmChef, thank you so much and I respect you.I'll work harder.
10,You're the best ㅠㅠ Rest In Peace
10,My heart feels warm. I was touched by Mr. Lim Jiho Lim Jiho teacher, who is extremely lonely but has a warm heart. I will remember you forever
10,I watched it without thinking and now I' Love. A movie that makes you think deeply
10,God, was there a shortage of warm-hearted people there? Why did you take them so early?  What a waste.  Thank you, director.
10,It was more touching than any other movie.It's a movie that I want to watch again quietly on my own one day when I have no place to control my mind. I think it'll warm up my hard heart...
10,
10,
10,
10,Watch it two or three times.For real
10,My heart aches~I can feel your sincerity
10,Why am I getting so emotional?
10,
10,There's a great longing behind a gentle smile and a good-looking face  It's a movie that touched my heart and made me miss it
10,It was a moving movie. It was a very sad movie because I watched the movie after hearing about Chef Lim Ji-ho's death. Visual beauty, music... Everything was good.
10,It's so touching and fun
10,
1,
7,
10,Chef Lim Jiho, you are a wonderful and beautiful person
10,Nature, food, people can be so beautiful...
10,Just as you missed your steps, we miss Chef Lim Jiho
10,
10,I'm sad and sad. Thank you
10,I pray for the repose of the late chef Lim JihoIt's a movie that makes your heart flow
10,Tears welled up at the sight of your heart breaking, even though it's raining,
10,It's calm and touching
10,I write it down while crying It is a very good movie...
10,Without a sound of footsteps, I feel like I'm being moved.
10,The movie matches the late chef Lim Ji-ho.
10,I happened to see Mr. Lim today and he passed away too earlyIt was a movie that made me think a lot. I can't feel the calmness
10,It's a great movie that fills your hunger as if you ate too much healthy and delicious food!
10,It makes me think twice about my old mother who lives with me. It is a sad but beautiful movie
10,
10,My heart aches. I agree
10,It's a life of a great man that touches your heart
10,I really enjoyed it I was impressed by Chef Im throughout my life. Cooking...I also learned that food is not just about eating to live It was so touching The last dish for your mother... I enjoyed the best movie in my life, which reminded me of many lessons and meanings
10,
1,
10,It's touching. I can't express it. The deep echo doesn't go away for a long timeAnd I miss teacher Lim Jiho~~~
10,It's a quiet but deeply moving movie that I watched with tears in my heart
6,I give you 6 points because I am sad
10,Like my grandmother and grandfather living in a mountain village, I wish I could humbly accept my life and live I think it's a true movie that reminds me of the true meaning of life
10,When I was young, my mother made me a birthday table.I was 20 years old and I was so happy to cook too much food. I called my friends and ate and drank together. Now that I think about it, I wonder if I can get such a birthday award again in my life. What did you think about while eating so much food?I should call my mother today
10,I miss my mother so muchRest in peace, Im Jiho
10,I can feel the pain of the main character
10,My mother's story is very heartbreaking and Im Ji-ho's sincerity is touching.
10,I learned the true meaning of life through the teacher I hope you can live in peace in the sky
10,
10,You must have left early to meet the mothers of the three people you missed. I hope you are happy with your mothers in the sky.I will remember your warm heart.
10,Please prepare food with your heart.Grandmother's smile...It came to me with a loud echo.
10,It's the closest documentary that I've ever seen
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,It became a posthumous work of the late Lim Ji-ho. I sincerely hope that you will meet your three mothers who you have longed for in the world and have a good time, and prepare your own table. May he rest in peace.
10,It was really touching. I pray that you will be happy in heaven
10,I've seen this twice nowI cry a lotI'm so touched. I pray for the repose of the deceased
10,They're all good, but... Your grandmother's kids are a bunch of shit.If your father and mother live like that, I'll let you have a big TV. What's that? It's hard to find a TV like that in the world these days. Isn't that what you're doing at home? Phew... they should do enough. It's a bittersweet
10,I just knew he was dead without knowing.Bob Information is making me cry. Your expression is so kind.I'm sorry to have sent someone so close. I pray for the repose of Samgain
10,Pray for the bliss of dead.
10,It's so touching
10,Chef, I pray for the rest of the movie that you want to see
10,It's an energy that contains the feeling of seeing, seeing, eating, and food. I can also see the deep flow of energy between director Park Hye-ryeong and Lim Ji-ho. I take this movie out whenever my emotions dry up. Mother, mother, my mother, love for a person, but a person. Pray for the bliss of dead. He's a good teacher.
10,It's not a sad movie, but I often cry because I can feel the sincerity and my heart warms up.
10,I miss you more after watching the movie because I miss you.Thank you. We had a nice time. Now I hope you meet your mother and have a good time forever. Thank you to the director and the staff.
10,As if you can see the taste of the old countryside, you can see the simple ingredients of nature, and the deep emotions that come into my heart, especially tears in every word of Im Ji-ho. I can feel the sadness, longing, and love of preparing food for the deceased
8,The deep affection of the table for the mother who met her on her journey as if she were running away to find her mother's longing.
10,I can't stop crying because I miss you all the timeIt's a movie full of calm and moving thoughts.
10,Rest in peace...Have a delicious meal with your mother in heaven!
10,May he rest in peace.I just watched a movie called Babjeong. I miss it so much
10,How sad is the splendidly elaborate memorial service table?ㅠㅠ Im Jiho, go to your mother and cook a lot of delicious food and be happy there
10,May he rest in peace. I watched "Bapjeong" on TV today and I'm overwhelmed by your warmth
10,Thank you for reminding me of happy memories...
10,Thank you and thank you for giving me a sincere impression of my life when you were alive. May the late Lim Ji-ho rest in peace.
10,A child is raised not only by child but by heart.
10,I really respect him, but I try to soothe my sadness by looking at Bobjeong.
10,May he rest in peace.
10,May he rest in peace.
10,Food meditation. Person meditation. Life meditation
10,I usually saw him on the weekend morning...It's like watching a movie.ㅜㅜ
10,Who will follow that food?
10,I learned why they called me a wanderer through the movie. Lim Ji-ho's cooking is full of sincerity, longing, love and affection. Will they be cooking in the sky now? It's a heartwarming movie.  For those who haven't seen it, please find it and watch it!
10,It's a work that combines nature and life with the life of the main character
10,Teacher! I miss you so much and miss you. I hope you are comfortable there.
10,It's more heartbreaking
10,It's great. Beautiful people are jealous. Thank you for leaving such a beautiful life
10,I was happy the whole time Sir, make yourself at home there I'll remember you forever
10,I definitely recommend it The person who put philosophy of life into cooking
10,The best movie of my life...Pray for the bliss of dead.
10,The movie that I want to show my stepmother who raised me, the movie that made me feel the meaning of life and the meaning of family again. Rest in peace.
10,I hope you live happily with your mother whom you miss so much in the sky. May he rest in peace.
10,Teacher Lim Jiho, I hope you are always happy in heaven and have a delicious meal with your mother.
10,I clearly remember what I saw through the broadcast. You love people and express your love and sincerity with food. After watching this movie, I could feel your life indirectly. She felt her mother and showed her love and longing for her every time she met her step by step. The world has lost you, but... I'll remember that name forever. Please stay in peace in the sky. I hope you are happy to meet your mother and happy family. Thank you for growing me up.
10,
10,I've never seen such a moving and high-quality work. I think it's a life documentary with amazing twists and turns. Why does the turbulent life of Lim Jiho come as a sadness?
10,After pursuing a healthy, pollution-free vegetarian diet with wild vegetables, the tracking movement was also routine, and seeing a teacher who didn't even have a chronic disease died suddenly at the age of 65, he decided to break the illusion of natural food. He was always a well-being teacher, but his expression as if he were depressed and his conversation was always full of worries, so I think the secret to living a long life is to eat sweet and greasy things to control hormones.
10,Thank you. It's a good movie
10,I can see your heart moving.It's touching.
10,I happened to see it today. It was heartbreaking and heartbreaking the whole time I watched it.I knew what it was like, so I cried hot without realizing it. It's a day when I miss my late mother and father more.
10,
10,Watching this movie makes me so ashamed and reflect on how much I want to pay for what I'm doing now
10,It's a good documentary film.
10,It's so touching
10,a heartwarming film My heart sank the whole time I watched. I fall in love with chef Lim Jiho, who is both a cook and a philosopher
10,
10,Thank you, teacher Lim Jiho.
10,I miss it. It's friendly. I wonder what more I need to say.
10,It reminds me of my parents
10,
10,the energy of eating together a gentle impression
10,I miss my mother. I miss my hometown. I'm so busy that I can't see you often that my heart aches.The best documentary that warms my heart
10,It's a movie with the soul of Chef Lim Ji-ho!I feel like my five senses are clear with emotions and tears
10,I didn't know it was released and it was aired on screen TV on Sunday morning, so I couldn't stop thinking and crying while watching it. It's the best movie ever
2,Waste of food, waste of ingredients, what do you want to say?
10,What is regrettable about living in this era is that affection is disappearing. It was a pity that old memories disappeared as we changed selfishly and individually, but it is a reputation that reminds us of old memories.
10,I watched almost all the videos with Lim Jiho. Is it human theater or SBS documentary? What is it? Deja vu? It was like reviewing, but I get drunk on food and the smell of people living while watching beautiful stories :)
10,It's been a while since I saw a good movie
10,I can't forget the beautiful scenery of Jirisan Mountain and the longing for my mother
10,Why do you feel so sad and cry when you prepare food for your late mother in Jirisan Mountain?I can feel Jiho's sincerity from the screen.I'm leaving a message because I felt a touching humanity after a long time.Rice-jung is the best!
10,
9,Our desperate and soulful food was made from the old stop.
10,
10,It was so good that I didn't want to comment.
10,While watching Chef Lim Ji-ho's calm documentary film, I felt emotional and the love of my parents again. I was so touched by the chef's honest treatment of the elderly, not commercial, that I enjoyed the precious video. I respect you, chef.
10,It's beautiful and gloomy  The visuals are great, but teacher Lim Jiho is so beautiful
10,It feels to see the prototype of the food.Lim Jiho infinite respect and tribute to your.
10,A pure, natural and touching story. What is your parents? You shine, Jiho Fighting!
10,A man's sincere motherhood
10,Write a few lines, erase them, and rewrite them. I don't need to say anything.
10,I enjoyed watching it with my father.I want to recommend it to many people.
10,It's been a while since I watched a moving documentary
10,
10,I ask myself. "Why do you have to live hard? Why are you trying so hard and living? What makes you live and breathe? Why don't you give up even in difficult situations?" I think again about the driving force of life, the reason why I live. While watching the movie, my eyes turned red and tears flowed down. I didn't cry because I wanted to, but I found my heart crying.
10,
10,
10,It's a documentary film that's really warm and full of heart, smiling and thinking about someoneThank you so much for this great workCooking has the power to move people's heartsIt made me want to try cooking again
10,I respect Chef Lim Jiho.It was warm and it left a deep impression on me. I hope you watch it.
10,It was really touching. I highly recommend it.
10,A Healing Movie with the Breath of Nature
10,I don't know what I meant in my past life to come and cook for me.How many people meet face-to-face and eat together as there are 6.5 billion people on this planet?" said my grandfather. The preciousness and gratitude of a meal. And the sublime love of a human being expressed by serving a meal with care. Food is love ♥
10,Why didn't I ever tell my grandmother that she was pretty like a flower, fragrant like grass, warm like spring, a movie that made me miss my grandmother deeply and I want to keep watching
10,I don't even watch documentaries.  I listened to the radio movie program and looked it up.I'm crying from the bottom of my heart, not squeezing it out.  Thank you so much for making me feel so much, seeing you at an age not too late~~
10,The honest conversation between a wanderer and an ordinary neighbor, worries and love for each other, tears at the end
10,It's a movie that doesn't lack a single thing.While watching it, it was so sad.It's a movie that makes me cry.A movie that I want to make known...Thank you.
9,A movie that is calm but has a loud echo.It seems that you are constantly continuing the path of atonement and penitence. It's quiet, but it's like a war. I hope you will feel more comfortable now...
10,I couldn't watch it at the theater with COVID-19, but I paid for the vod and watched it It's a small echo in my heart To be honest, I cried when I was 41 years old. It's still lingering
10,The most beautiful ritual table in the world!
10,It's a movie that makes us look back on a lot of things that we forget in our lives. Have the best moment with your loving family right now.
10,It's a heart-warming movie^^
10,I respect you, Chef Lim Jiho.
10,The first time I watched the movie, I thought, "Why is Bob Jung-ji?" but when I finished watching the movie, I saw myself crying.
1,Kim Chi Yeul's rating manipulation is amazing. Let's do justice
10,All the food in the world, mother... And it was someone's love.
10,I respect you, Chef Lim.
10,A wailing movie ㅜㅜ It makes me think a lot
10,I watched it with my mother.The heart of a mother who has cooked for us all her life.My feelings for my mother that I couldn't feel because I was with her.The tears of the protagonist who misses his mother.The preciousness of this meal that I can have with my mom and family.It was a precious feeling that everyone felt well.In fact, watching "Eat More" on TV these days makes me feel good and comfortable. I even watched this movie. It was so nice.I shed some tears. Calm and deep emotions.Thank you.
10,I I'm surprised that rather lose track of time and saw while watching a documentary film.My heart is moistened.
10,It's just... it's the best.
1,While looking at what this person made, I wanted to eat that... I've never thought of this before.
10,
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words I'm still emotional
10,
10,It was very touching. Chef, director, thank you for making a good movie. Take care of yourself.
10,
10,I watched it because I respected Mr. Im Jiho. 37 years ago, my mother died when I was 10 years old and I walked for more than an hour at a young age. When I went to my grandmother's house in the countryside, I criedㅜㅜ I can't forget the soup that they used to cook in a cauldron with vegetables and mushrooms from Mackerel MountainAnd the country house in the movie is the same, so I miss it even more and I just feel grateful.I really enjoyed the impressive movie♡ This is the first time I've ever seen a movie and written a rating like thisHah!
6,Serious mother complex. A cook with black nails.ㅜㅜ I wanted to eat meat so I could pay for it(Playing word chain game)
10,A masterpiece... I didn't think about it.Ha
10,It's the best movie...It was so touching. Thanks a lot.I dedicate it to the mother of the world who filled someone's cold hunger.
10,On the other hand, it's lonely. It's such a warm movie. A 28-year-old young man learns many things through his teacher's life.I respect you. Stay healthy
10,The philosophy and lessons about food are so true that I can relate to them
10,I'm a fan of Jiho Lim, and I've never seen this movie in the ocean before. I mean, I didn't get to watch it at the movie theater. ㅜ
10,The soft touch wets my heart all the time.We seem to forget the importance of a meal. Food is not just a meal, but a bridge to exchange hearts.
10,I didn't expect much, but it was the bestThe chef's voice goes so well with the movie, too!
10,"A movie that fills a person's hunger for all mothers in the world."Thank you for making me feel the scent of a forgotten person, the scent of nature, the scent of time♡
10,It's so calm and touching. I feel like I'm healing my soul while watching a movieIt's the best! Good!
10,
10,
10,It's a movie I want to go home
10,The old lady in the mountain village and the chef are so beautiful. It is a movie as beautiful as beautiful food.
10,Im Ji-ho's heart is heartwarming to see the heartwarming warmth, love, and philosophy of sublimating food into art through the ingredients obtained from nature I can feel the deep meaning of rice
8,I was touched when I tried to sympathize and understand why the chef was so wandering.
10,It's okay to live a little more seriously
10,
10,The food and the people are beautiful
2,It's just that you'd like to have narration and music on it. You're looking forward to it, or it's so touching
10,A movie that made me realize deeply the meaning of cooking to someone.Missing always echoes back to my heart.I miss you.
10,Please take a look 전 I think it would be good to watch it again when I think of it sometimes.
10,My favorite teacher, Lim Jiho! It's so touching, it feels so much, it looks back on so much. I always saw your strong and bright side, but I cried a lot when I met another side of you in the movie. I often cry whenever my teacher makes food. I can feel the teacher's heart. Always stay healthy and keep making cool food with a warm heart. Thank you.
10,It's a meaningful thing to live.
10,I hope it'll be aired on TV as a regular program It's a warm movie
10,I cried a lot while watching it.
10,It's a very moving body.I learned a lot from the way Im Jiho cooks all night to prepare a ritual table.Human Im Jiho is so cool
10,For the first time, I'm going to write a reviewI was watching without any information and got hit by a nuclear bombIt was like a certain point in my life, and it was a time to reflect on my life This movie is real There will be no real thing like thisI hope a lot of people will be able to see it!
10,This kind of movie is not boring. One food is fixed
10,There is no world without its mother
10,
9,A movie that reminds me of my mother.
10,I missed my step. It's hard to imagine what it would be like. I was touched by the affection. It makes me think of my mother and my family. It's a very grateful movie.
10,I don't watch documentary movies at all, but I happened to watch it.I have mixed feelings. Some indescribably overwhelming. Yeonghoe is the best beautiful food in the world. The best taste of our country in the world.  The main character's warm humanity...I don't know how to express it anymore. Anyway, it was touching.  !!!  I recommend it.  I'm touched.I cried... not sad tears, but something... .
10,
10,As a housewife who cooks every day, it was filled with new thoughts about foodIt was a time where teacher Lim Jiho's thoughts and thoughts came to me deeply
10,I respect you. I want to be like you even a little bit
10,Chef Lim Ji-ho's Samogok has become a great piece of work with beautiful nature and the elderly I realized once again that food is art It was so touching
10,It was a time when I thought of my mom
10,
9,Im Ji-ho, a natural magician whose commercial title does not match the food of the soul.The visual beauty of a step-by-step scene at the foot of Jirisan Mountain and the beautiful scenery of the mountain with the background of Dancheon Village and the Mangmang sea.Gifted with comfort and healing hope that you're alive and that you can set up a table for someone...Calm scenes, scenes, and simple monologue lines made my eyes tear up. ^^
10,I can't explain it.
10,The depth of Imchef's face was the depth of longing.Such beautiful nature and people...And I'm so touched by the food.I thought that I could fall deeply into my longing that I tried to avoid because it was hard to think about it. I cry a lot while watching it, but at the end, I felt like I was there with a smile. Thank you so much for the good movie.
10,It's a really nice movie with no pretense. He's so cool
10,It was a moment when I realized how precious I am
10,I miss my mother...crying
9,It's touching. I have a lot of complicated thoughts. I strongly felt that I should be a good person to my family and many people in the state. I respect you so much and thank you to everyone who made a great movie.
10,It's a heart-warming movie. I was touched that you made other people's lives beautiful through your talents. The time and mind spent for us, not for me, is beautiful.It's been a while since it's been a while Thank you.
10,I think he's really something. I respect.
10,It's a movie that makes me think a lot. I'm deeply moved.^^*
10,Tears that flow without even realizing it!  Teacher Lim Jiho who shares affection with food!  The director captures that! Anyway, I enjoyed a good movie after a long time. Thank you
10,Is it because of my grandmother or because of my lost affection? I watched it in tears. Thank you, thank you.
10,It gently brings out the feelings of human beings that have not been forgotten in the heart
10,It's a movie that looks back on my life.I'm so touched.I cried a lot, too.
10,I thought I couldn't watch a movie like this after the sound of the movie, but there are so many things that I feel sad about!  Honestly, I didn't know about the chef, but...You're amazing!!! Oh, really! It's been a while since I cried a lot!
10,
10,It was a time that touched my heart. My longing for my mother bloomed with food, and I saw a flower that bloomed beautifully from the wound. It's a movie that touches the heart of human nature.
10,There's no need for words.It's just the best movie.
10,I learned how warm Im Jiho is
10,It was a beautiful and touching movie.
10,Missing, missing, missing...
10,It's so touching.I thought I should be nicer to my parents.
8,It's a video full of longing that reminds me of my parents who passed away.
10,I miss it, it's bitter, it's beautiful and delicious.
10,My missing name is my mother.
9,I was a professional fan who came out on the weekend morning
10,I can relate to the chef who is wandering around missing his two mothers, and I cried naturally when I saw the statue that Jirisan mother posted after her death
10,It's a movie that makes you realize what a meal means. If you want to be comforted, don't miss it.
10,
10,I was so into it that I started to cry from the middle part of the song.Thinking about my parents...I lost track of time and came out
10,It was a real documentary film that touched my heart.It's a touching story...Mother... It was a movie that made me think a lot about three letters
10,
10,Let's divide the relationship with rice It's so touching. I hope many movies like this will be produced
10,Missing you. And it was time to think about my mom and my family! Please make sure everyone watched it!
10,It was a movie that I was moved and happy to watch with my mom!
10,What is a mother? The meal that the protagonist felt when he traveled like a wanderer in search of the longing mother, warmth, and sadness.  Our affection on the table...
10,Dooly: Give me food
10,I hope all the people will see it at least once
10,I think it'll be a turning point in my life and a chance to reflect on the days I livedIt was touching.
10,If you have ever missed someone after losing them, I recommend this movie. It makes you feel strong. I'm on my way back from the reservation to see it again. Thank you for the good movie.
10,I can't handle the idea of longing. Can I leave to find a longing? If I leave, will I be able to handle the feelings that are not even expressed. I had time to reflect on what life is. I learned once again how precious it is to be able to love. It's a movie where tears really block the future. Make sure to take tissues!
10,I was so sad I want to see it again
9,I don't even know why I'm crying, but I was crying at some point. I feel sad and warm hearted and hungry. Whenever Chef Lim Jiho gets an award in Europe, I think he's living an amazing life. I respect him
8,It was my first time to watch a documentary movie and it was very good
10,We will increase the attitude and wisdom of utilizing nature
10,It's a heart-rending, heart-rending movie!
10,Let's make friends with rice.I strongly recommend Bobjeong.
10,
10,
10,It's been a while since I watched a good movie  I'm so touched.  Thank you for making a good movie
10,I'm crying because I miss youI saw the autumn leaves last year.It was touchingThe screening ended quickly without even knowing when it ended.
10,Oh, I'm glad I came all the way to the movies. That's what I thought. If you have a chance, don't miss it.
10,I didn't know Bobjeong was this heart-breakingly warm. It was the best movie for me this year.Thank you.
10,a lingering impression and emotions
1,
10,In a word, it's a movie about the beauty of life
10,I cried a lot. I'm so proud to have such a person in Korea. I respect the chef who shares affection with the food that contains life.
10,I can feel the warmth of a meal. I will give warm and sincere love to my parents who are alive.
10,The best movie of the year, I want to share it before it's too late.
10,The best ^^ ♡♡ must-see movie, parents and family^^
10,Cooking is not just a functional act, as it has been until now, I thought I should continue to put my soul into cooking. It's been three days since I watched the movie, and I still have a lingering feeling. The more you live, the more words you want to engrave. I'm posting my rating on Naver movie site for the first time because I want to spread word of mouth. elimination
10,I can't do this. I cried out loud in the theater.
10,Did you eat? I watched it today because I really wanted to see it because it was directed by Park Hye-ryeong, who I liked since the time when I ate well and lived well. Director Park's beautiful video and Chef Lim Ji-ho left a calm impression. It was a movie that I missed and remembered more because it was the COVID-19 era when it became difficult to have a meal with.
10,Everything that exists on this land is precious!
10,I remember what you said to me."You have to live up to your mother's tears" I'm still engraving it!! I thought about eating my teacher's meal and came back with a happy face for the first time in a long time!!
9,Thank you for your lifeI wish you all the best in your future
10,I was so happy on my way home after watching the movie  Chef Lim Jiho, what kind of movie do you watch if you don't watch a movie like this? Thank you
10,I could feel that it was not just a movie that made and served food. To chef Lim Ji-ho, wouldn't food be expressing one's longing heart with gratitude? After watching the movie carefully, I think about it. I saw you on the show before, and I forgot about it for a while, but when I heard that a documentary film featuring Lim Ji-ho was coming out, I was glad to see it after booking it. It was a warm and grateful movie. Thank you.
10,Chef Lim Jiho's special story above the chef.
10,I couldn't stop crying the whole time crying
10,The touching index is very high, heart broken, so sad. I cried so much that my mask was all wet.
10,Sympathy and love for strangers
10,No one is born without a mother.It was touching to see him miss his mother through a new affection in the world these days, which has become difficult to be filial to the mother of the one who gave birth to him. I laughed in the beginning and cried in the end. To miss and appreciate my mother~!!I enjoyed the movie and I highly recommend it to many beautiful people.
10,It was a calm and long film that lingered
10,It's a beautiful movie where we share our precious food
10,It was beautiful because the process of soothing the longing for my mother was important, not the goal of finding my mother.
10,I saw how sincere you were when you were cookingI can feel your sincerity and emotion when you cookIt was also amazing to find ingredients in nature, and I was able to see the beautiful country again
10,My heart warmed and felt awkward throughout the whole time, and lessons and pain crossed my mind Thank you to the director and all the staff who made this movie.Im Jiho, it's been a long time since I've tried the food you made by Lim JihoThank you. Thank you I love you.
10,It seems to be a movie that makes me think a lot. It warms my heart. A really good movie!
10,It's the first time I cried as soon as I started. It's a moving documentary movie
10,
10,I cried because I remembered someone I missed. I was comforted by how much rice means to us and watching you cook with all your heart. It's a heartwarming movie that makes you realize the importance of the present.
10,
10,It was a precious movie to think about Lim Ji-ho's personality, emotion, and personality. I want to recommend it^^
10,It's the best. I got to know a good son named Lim Jiho.
10,I was touched throughout the movie~~
10,It was the best movie ever
10,moss, grass, fruit The mountains, fields, and sea cages are saved, and the arms and sometimes the cold nature and mother seem to resemble each other.I also want to have a drink with my mother in my hometown and mother in the land.Thank you for making a good movie.
9,I miss my mom.
6,Preparing food means thinking of people who want it to make them laugh. I also want to prepare for the relationship with the person I love with this much care.
8,The act of "cooking" can be an act of reminiscing about someone's longing, while it can be an act of survival or economic means for someone.
10,The fundamental longing for mother is well expressed in food and mountains
10,I could feel the weight of parents in their livesI can relate to the age where I have to get ready to say goodbye
10,The price of taro tears in my mother's stone clothes
10,A name that I miss my mom. I'm Saring, thank you, and I'm sorry.
10,It's a movie full of humanity and calm emotion. I was amazed when I met Chef Lim Jiho's dish with love and soul for people I really want to recommend this movie~~♡
10,It was great. You promoted it well. I enjoyed it
10,It's a calm movie, but it makes me cry and deeply sympathize with it
4,...like watching a human theater in a movie theater
10,I want to have it as a movie of my life that conveys healing emotion beyond just a documentary.
10,
10,That I miss people. It makes me sad that there's nothing I can do for you.It's a movie that lingers for a long time.Watch a movie before it's too late and I hope to see you again when your parents are alive.
10,It was so touching and better than I expected.
6,It's more about the body than rice.
10,Both the visual beauty and the story were great. Ricejung who shed tears and snot... It is a movie that my family must watch together.
10,It was a work where I could feel the importance and gratitude of the deep Woollim family.
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression.It makes me think about the connection in our lives.My grandmother's beautiful smile keeps coming to mind. I hope many people watch it ^^
10,The chef's unadorned narration and heart-warming story in the video clip of Korea's beautiful mountains were sad and touching. I thought of my mother a lot, and I became more affectionate to my children. It's a movie with a deep echo.
10,I didn't expect much, but it was so touching. Other audiences were so touched that they sat still when the ending credits went up.I hope a lot of people are touched.
10,As I watched the meal "rice" prepared with all my heart, I thought that the daily meal was so touching and precious, and that we were sharing affection and hearts with each other, not rice. It was a movie that reminded me of precious people.
10,I can't forget my grandmother's
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,The chef's low narration from time to time brought out various emotions deep inside. It was a great movie.
8,Mom, mom, mom, and me. Babjeong
10,It was a movie that made me cry the whole time, thinking about my mom who died of stomach cancer last year. At the end, he was hungry because he couldn't eat properly.I wish I'd given you some food.I wish I'd given you that.I did. The beautiful video of the foot of Jirisan Mountain and the touching story... Anyone who has a grown-up child now, anyone who has a missing mother, will be impressed.Thank you.
10,May everyone in the world be happy with food.
10,It was the first movie to see a documentary without much expectation.No way!Did I get older?It was a movie with a strange power that made me fall into everything to watch closely.The longing and fragrance of my mother that touches everyone's emotions.In a long time, I had a time of healing for my eyes and mind based on wonderful nature and humans, and I was moved and appreciated it throughout the end.The director's sensitivity and message stood out. "Babjeong" is a movie I want to watch with my family once again.
10,I thought that I had ever repaid the great love of rice that I had always received from my mother until I was in my mid-40s.  He was so famous that he was looking forward to the beauty of the ingredients and dishes, but the Korean video of the dish on the screen was very touching. Also, it was a movie where the calm but food communication between teacher Lim Ji-ho and mother of Jirisan Mountain resonates deeply inside. I'm planning to take my mother-in-law and take my mother-in-law to see it again.
10,A movie that satisfies the five senses, I want to call my parents today. I love you, mother
10,I was impressed by the movie theater in the morning.I thought of my mother a lot
10,The essence of healing movie that makes you cry while laughing ♡
10,Why was it so empathetic and touching even though it was a life I had never experienced or thought about? It was a touching movie. I watched it with my mom, and she said that she seemed like a person who had a hard life but overflowed with love in her heart. It was a video that showed how the heart and philosophy derived from longing and love for people are contained in the chef's cooking. I've been looking forward to the movie since I saw the trailer earlier this year, but now I'm watching it. It was such a shame that the screening period was short and there were no audiences, but I hope you all watch it later!
10,All the natural foods made by themselves are amazing and make you want to eat them, and his journey adds to the depth of love.
7,The chef is not very talkative, so if you expected a collection of wise sayings in nature, it may be somewhat bland, but you can feel the affection between the people in the food and the chef's life. a film with rural warmth
10,Everyone could face the love they had in their hearts through the movie. The shared meal of Hansang is finally completed with the warmth of the people sitting around.
10,
10,A dramatic, touching, and warm movie that is not contrived at all. I'm going to see my parents again.
10,The moments of meeting someone from birth to death.The majestic encounters you've created yourself, walking through the wild on-screen.Please give energy to many people in the future with food that saves lives!
10,Watching the movie Babjeong helps us to realize the things we forget in our livesEven if I watch a cool and stimulating movie, I forget it the next day, but I think Bob Jung will be remembered for a long time!
6,The deep echo of the word food to us who are more familiar with cooking.
