빽 투 더 퓨쳐 2
1,The second part makes me fall asleep.
6,The main character has cancer
6,Car flying in the sky in 2015. Actually, I thought it would be like that when I was young...lol
5,What would it have been like to finish in the first series?
1,Season one was good, but I messed up in season two. Everything is like an amateur.
2,It's fun to get a glimpse of what you thought and imagined about the future. Flying taxis and hoverboards aren't there yet in 2020! But it'll come out soon, right?Just like that, the time now is different because it reminds me of my childhood imagination. But one of the villains is Asian, decorated like a Japanese (I don't know where he's from, I'm not going to look at it until the end), and you see the Japanese flag on his hoverboard? After 18 minutes and 50 seconds, you can see a lot of Japanese flags passing by. Recently, video technology has also developed, so I hope to do a post-processing that puts CG on it. I was watching it in full swing because I was dumbfounded and finished it in the beginning of the second episode, but it got cut off more and more exciting.
5,The screenplay is too crude and far fetched. Unlike the first episode, the fresh taste fell and the time went by so little.
6,It was fashionable to have cars flying around and flipping pants pockets in 2015. Nike-equipped shoes were cool.
6,Definitely slower than the previous one, but still fun! But it's still fun!
1,I'm watching a movie right now.I can only see the main character as a frustrating and annoying character
6,The fate of a successful entertainment film with a proper mix of excuses and throwing.
1,Am I the only one who doesn't understand this favorable review?
4,It's not about movies. It's about the Cubs winning this year
5,2015 is a bait... Re-hash the rice ball...!
1,It's hard to catch. It's like all 90's movies.  The story is better than the movies these days?   What do you think will happen if we film a video and release it again? We have to say something that makes sense
4,Wow... I got cancer while watching it
1,I can watch the first one, but from the second one, it's really childish.
5,It's fun but I don't think it's better than the first one In the second part, there were so many devices that delayed the movie story that the main character was frustrated that I was annoyed all the time.While watching this, I really felt like I was getting cancer
1,I looked it up because it was so famous, but I thought the first one was worth watching, but the second one wasn't. Of course, it's a great work if you saw it at that time
5,It is regrettable that the plot formula of the previous work is similar, and the interesting future part comes out too short.
1,The Rising Sun Flag is coming out.
1,Rating adjustment
6,It feels like the overall composition is inferior to the previous one. And what I don't like about parallelism is what almost disappeared Marty in the first episode? If you follow the setting in the first part, shouldn't Marty, who went to the future, disappear because the past has changed? You're ignoring the settings.
1,Crazy, have you seen the six-day ascension here? I have a post on my blog. http://blog.naver.com/zdusvlfghkrz/110156465559
6,It's worth seeing when it's this complicated.
6,The fact that it is more complicated than the previous one halts the charm of the sequel.
6,A diminished sequel, but this series needs to be watched by obligation
6,The idea of connection shone, but there are so many conflict structures that the viewer is annoyed.
6,It wasn't as good as the first one. It was a little childish.
6,I really enjoyed watching it, but it's the worst. It's so messy going back and forth in the future.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,a trash movie
1,It's trash
1,말도 안돼
1,It really needs to be controlled
1,Then what are you? lol
1,I understand up to 10th place. I said first place.
1,Are you crazy?
1,a trash movie
1,I think the first one is better
1,That's ridiculous
1,Smiling... I can't believe this is the highest score...Fun is everything about movies?
1,I can't compare to the first one
1,The score is too high This is - M-
1,Honestly, this isn't right.
1,First place..;; This is not right. 25th place is appropriate
1,I'm sorry, but I didn't like it
1,The movie is good, but... Let's lower the rating
6,More than the first episode... It's really for killing time
6,It was worth watching
1,not much
6,I wish it was over in the first episode. They're even doing 3 commercialsㅜ I'm sorry
1,It's not as good as the previous one.And I like movies more these days. ^^ xldjqtsms
6,the lowest of the trilogy but guaranteed only fun
5,The sequel has so many loopholes. I want to have a superboard that flies
