블라인드 사이드
3,The impression of added condiments makes false tears flow
6,In the end, the work shows that it is the savior who is white that can incorporate black people into white society. I wondered if racism could be made of the service and sacrifice of white individuals. The story that white people want to hear, which eventually relieves the guilt of black society through movies. Michael Orr was saved by white men because he was eventually nonviolent, cooperative, and compliant. Michael Orr, who is portrayed as a lacking, big animal, can see why Michael Orr actually hated the movie so much. A film about why black people live in isolation in the slums - a film that is narcissistic about the typical White Savior Narrative without seeing the social and structural truths that white people are uncomfortable to hear.
1,It's a movie that's too good to give even one point.
5,Yang San-Hyung's touching story, drama with weak narrative, and healing movie
3,It's an obvious but touching story that makes a poor child on the street succeed, which is unlikely to happen in Korea. Sandra Bullock's blonde hair that's hard to get used to
1,Overrated... a rating of 7-8 would be appropriate
6,For those who don't even get a chance
6,It was a good movie to watch lightly.
2,"So you're not working?"85 restaurants.Leftovers thrown away. Too much. The upper class may be the way it is, but it's sitting on too much. They don't know it because it's not theirs.And sometimes you do good things, and you think you're a good person.Unfortunately, you're sitting on the floor, taking everything from others.I could be a good person if I realized that.Anyway, I don't really like the story...The fact that it is a true story makes me even angrier.Even now, I will live happily, satisfied with my achievements.It's just like playing with dolls. It is touching and grateful to have taken care of a man who has no place to sleep.The movie is worth watching, but the story is so uncomfortable.
6,No matter how good the acting is and the atmosphere is warm, there is no great merit in the cliché.
6,What I expected before watching the movie
6,The characters are so nice that they are less attractive as a movie. Conflict creates tension, but it's so textbook-perfect family that it doesn't feel real. Later on, the only conflict and the movie's message is that she realized that she wanted Michael to play football with her own greed and send Michael to college. In conclusion, it was a boring and boring documentary movie. The only thing I liked was the kid's passionate acting as SJ.
2,
6,The people in the movie are all so nice
1,There are hungry people, but there are no starving people, there are people without money, but there is no poor person, under the name of God, all mankind is equal, but each level is different.
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
6,It's a movie that has the power of a true story.
6,Rather than drawing a discriminatory gaze, I liked drawing a warm gaze
5,The direction is not good, so it seems like a Christmas TV drama. Yeoju and her family are great and great, but Namjoo is also good in nature. It has nothing to do with the movie, but the human rights group is in contrast to the Korean refugee dog dog.
1,This movie is like a model student. I think the educational institution will play it. It could be first place in a movie, but I don't think it's first place for fun. Let's balance the score.
1,It looks fine on the outside. But it's uncomfortable to step inside. It's a typical white supremacist film with white conservatives and seemingly criticizing racism, but it's just an image laundering film about racism that white people have ever done. White people enlighten black people?
1,A film made of typical white supremacy, though true help, didn't really hit home. I don't know why I got more than 9 points.
2,a low-down-class
5,I'm sure I've seen it from the beginning to end. I don't think I saw it too boring, but I don't remember. It doesn't smell at all. It's a movie that doesn't have a fact.
1,In my heart, it is worth 100 points, but it is not 9.60 on Naver, so I give 1 point for balance. 7.2 is a good movie
1,You're bringing a dirty, smelly nigga into the house? Say something that makes sense. What's wrong with your life?
6,Honestly, whether it's real or not, it's a simple story
1,OO No Jam Lee Know--Foot
6,A moving work: cafe.naver.com/grayd0tbe/1373
1,It's so overrated, it's boring, it's not touching at the end
2,A movie that explains the controversial issue. Touching? Put!
6,Sandra Bullock brings a three-dimensional effect to a flat, flat film
6,Thanks to Sandra Bullock, I've seen it till the end.
1,To be honest, a movie that's not fun and highly valued
6,It was just so-so. It's a little cliche  a common story
1,The story of a rich white man helping a poor black man.
1,There was no movie that wasn't fun out of the NAVER ratings, but this was the first movie that wasn't fun. It's really boring and boring
5,I can't believe I got this much rating on this super corny movie. This is why you can't trust NAVER scores
6,It's a formal real-life movie to make you feel touched
1,Well, it doesn't seem like Sandra Bullock. Something similar to Julia Roberts. I don't like her
6,I'm so touched.It's not good. It's not good
6,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high. In search of great happiness, perfect world, movies like that don't get this rating
6,The duality of Sandra Bullock, who gives everything to potential blacks and rejects black people in four back alleys, makes the score cut. A lucky true story that came to a child with an unfortunate but huge physique who had a potential for football. It's not easy to be touched because it's so accidental.
1,I don't think... the fat black guy on here looked arrogant rather than pitiful, but he approached a rich family to eat his money
4,a story hidden from reality
1,You can see why reporters and critics wrote that score. Typical American-style human drama, a touch of skin licking without depth.  Taking a poor child to expensive education, expensive cars, university, a cliche Cinderella story with no deep reflection on each character
1,Segal Vandam Stadem in Hollywood was sorry that they were always shooting movies that killed people, so they also filmed these kind movies...The good story that fits so well is perfect for elementary school children making educational videos...I was fooled by the marketing score.
5,For those who enjoy spectacular movies, I'm not impressed by them at all!
6,Would this deterrence change the system?
5,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
1,Rating. It's okay, but not this much.
1,Oh, I saw it because you recommended it.I don't think I have feelings.I understand the movie, but I can't relate to it.crying
1,A typical 'good white & black' movie that Americans are especially crazy about. Similar styles of help have been managed to watch thanks to lovely characters + great actors, but it's hard to bear. A conflict-free story, a personality-free character, and a cringe-worthy trinity with meaningless directing
1,The white man is merciful, broad-minded and rich.Black people are dirty, stupid, stupid, stupid.A trash movie that runs the end of the Iranian stereotype.Don't just look at the outer shell of touching.
6,It's just... It's so calm that you can feel bored.
3,It's just
6,a staid American drama
5,It is a stable work, but it is highly overrated.
5,Does Sandra Bullock age the age of immortality backwards?
6,I think I should reflect on the racism that's still there
5,Let's lower the rating. I think it'll be 8 points Honestly, the obvious story...
1,It's not a movie with a rating of 9.3 rating.
1,1 point because the rating is too high
5,Why is the rating so high? I'm really bored watching... It was really boring. It's just a little touching
6,Everything is easy. Sandra Bullock shocked to win Oscar for best actress for this movie
1,I'm bored... and, not long after this movie, the actual main character, drug and sexual assault
6,This much...
6,I'm not sure if I'm feeling any better.
2,Don't watch it. It's just an obvious movie
1,Money will do.
6,A sportsman from a black poor village who was rescued by a rich man.Rather, Freedom Writers is much more touching
2,The next scene, a one-dimensional Cinderella movie where the next line is too predictable. a dead body except for a true story
1,Isn't it a typical American Cinderella story? I don't have anything to say if I saw it to be heartwarming.
6,I was fooled. I thought it was an American football movie, but it was an adoption movie.
6,Touchdown by quarterback Sandra Bullock
2,It's so touching that it's not fun
6,A warm movie, but why does it feel more unrealistic than a true story?
2,A movie with 7 points. If it wasn't for real, it was a cliche
4,I was looking forward to it, butThere's a strong sense of oppression around white supremacy
5,This isn't as fun as the rating. The most touching movie is the Dead Poets Society
5,The movie is fun, but the real person is trash, so the score is low
5,I've seen too many of these kinds of American movies. Bored...
1,I'm bored...
6,It's a heartwarming story, but it's not enough to make a movie.
6,A movie worth watching...But the rating is too high.It doesn't look like it
5,Less fun than a book, a movie that is normally forgotten
1,Unimpressed, obvious plot, football rules we don't quite understand... 6.7 points.
6,It's just a movie worth watching.
5,Noblesse Oblige of the white upper class. Will she be pure?
1,LOLIt's so boring. How can this be 9.3?LOL
1,What makes you feel warm-hearted.- You can't see your efforts
1,It's really boring...--ㅡㅡ
6,Affordable and reliable Techtree
6,It's touching, but... There are many movies like this. Too flat configuration.
1,It's a recent masterpiece, but I need to adjust the rating
6,Honestly, I don't know why this is so high...
6,Less than the average... Did I expect too much?
6,More than I expected...
4,I don't understand why the rating is so high. Touching and funny. Clumsy. A documentary would be better.
4,It's not fun to watch it because it's highTo be honest, it's too obvious
1,I think it's about 7 points
6, well
6,...What is it? This emptiness
1,It's uncomfortable. I'm touched by this forced and disgusting true story. Humans are so...
6,I thought it was very sad, but it wasn't.It's touching, but it's not crazy sad.I'm happy that it went well
5,Well, it's not good or bad
1,It's not as good as the average.
6,I know it's a movie based on a true story.  Good Movies ^^ - Hope-Giving Movies
1,I slept because I was sleepy
6,Sandra Bullock, Sandra Bullock, Sandra Bullock
1, as it is
6,I wonder if it's realistic to bring a black boy from a daughter's house and live with him
1,What can I say yet?
4,Touching...It seems like it does, but the impression of the way it's so obvious is antipathy
1,More than movies like Rainman and Forest Gump. I can't believe I have a high rating. I can't help but laugh.
1,This movie... The rating inflation is too high. It's definitely not a nine-to-eight movie.
6,I'm sorry, but I honestly didn't like it. It was boring
1,Well, a girl of the same age as black is pretty. It was fun, but the rating is too high
6,It's touching but normal... It's a movie with too much packaging.
4,I can't believe this cliche 'made for TV movie' of the 80s is still being made.I was surprised.
4,It's corny
5,Why is Naver's rating so high? 9.28 I should lower it.
1,A calm movie that makes you feel the importance of your family. Why is the rating so high?T
1,It's a good movie. But it's not 10 points. It's about 8 points. Let's lower the rating! I gave you 1 point
6,It wasn't bad. By the way, this movie is ranked 25th and rated 9.27? I don't know.
1,It's a pretty good movie, but I don't think it deserves a 9.27 rating.
1,a typical phenomenon after the release
2,It's not as good as I thought.Let's not be fooled by the ratings.It's just normal.crying
1,Honestly, I can't say the rating of this movie. a rating on a part-time job
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
2,A typical Hollywood story with a shield called a true story
1,I was fooled by NAVER's score. Honestly, I don't think it's in the 9th grade
4,Most movies impress me and give me a good score, but this is... a movie for white people in the upper class?
1,The rating is too high. 7 points is good enough.
1,The extreme of childishness...A movie for children.
5,An impressive moment, easily volatilized, in Sandra Bullock's impressive hot streak.
1,Please! 9.27 is too much
6,It was worth seeing, but the character settings were annoying and the development was not smooth
1,This is a movie where you can't see my sides Screw the director
1,I do that much if I have a lot of money
1,It wasn't bad, but I don't think it's a movie with this rating
3,It's funny... I'm fooled
1,It didn't look good.
1,Overrated, it's not a nine. It's not to the point of heartbreaking emotion. To lower the overall rating
1,It seems to be overrated; to reduce the average, if not much
1,an incomprehensible American film
6,I'm sorry I couldn't be an innocent audience anymore
2,The rating is too high
5,The story is rather cliche
1,I'm sick of it. I'm tired of it
1,People seem to watch movies because they are too focused on ratings.
1,I think we should lower the rating
3,typical
4,Nice but unattractive, why is the rating so high?
6,To be honest, it's really not 9 points.
6,The movie that introduces the movie is all it shows
1,Toward a proper rating
6,It's a bit expensive to watch ^^ It's a true story, so it's worth watching. I hope you don't expect too much...
1,Waste of money and time on the strength of the part-timer~ㅠㅠ I'm getting fooled by Hollywood action again~
3,Honestly, was my expectation too high?
6,The expert's score is real
1,If it was a movie that took care of the emptiness that came after the calm emotions and the black people on the street,
1,the best movie
1,It's so much fun
1,I enjoyed the movie. It's so good@@
1,It's a good movie, but it's one person who opposes first place --;;ㅡㅡ;;
1,full mobilization of part-time workers
4,It was just worth watching and I didn't cry. About 7.5
3,I don't know why this is in the 9-point range. a questionable person
1,Why is this so high?LOL
1,It's been overrated. What's this? This ridiculous score... Is this the power of a part-time job?
2,As part-timers manipulate ratings on moving films, it feels like they're all being snatched; expert ratings are appropriate
1,It's just a story of a rich lady doing a good job, I don't know why the rating is so high
6,It's a bit...Actually, the difference between the U.S. and Korea?
2,a video film
6,It's just typical Everything's.
1,Lowering the GPALaughingering) Laughingering)
1,How many points will I lose?
1,Huh.
1,It smells like an American movie
4,I wrote a novel under the pretext of a true story -- there are so many things that are not true
2,Take a look at Takeuchi Yuko's flower shop without roses I'm shedding tears a few times
5,To be honest, the acting of Sandra Bullock is a bit cliche.
4,The protagonist who turns into a sacrificial love, tears have to come out somewhereLook at all the cliche that you can't cry on
5,I think Sandra Bullock was cool, but it would have been touching if we focused more on Orr
1,It's not the best.0 point because of the part-timers
1,The movie is fun, but why is it released now?Is the distributor making kimchi?
1,It's a movie where people with muscles write comments without looking at numbers.
1,It wasn't very interesting -_-...
1,The movie is corny. Sandra Bullock goes all the way to the end with her own emotional acting
1,rating adjustment
1,Rating... Early 9 is just right
5,A sports movie, B-
5,What a coincidence...
5,There are so many coincidences
5,The movie with the most mysterious rating.
1,A storyline that never deviates from what anyone can expect. It's just a true story. You have to live with it
1,The story is good, but the story is loose. I'm disappointed that you're watching!
1,Pass it, pass it, I pass it
1,I think the rating is too high
1,The part-timers are working so hard
1,Why is the opening movie number one in all time? Get a little more experience.
1,It's a movie like this.This movie has a good rating of 7 points
1,It's an interesting movie, but it's not 9.2. It's higher than Shawshank's escape
1,It's overrated. I really like drama genre, but I don't recommend it as if it's the worst
6,Sandra Bullock's acting is cool and fun
1,It's instructive, but it's too calm for a movie. About 8 points is appropriate.
1,What zombies give 10 points for a low-quality movie? It's not 100% true.
1,It's true that it's a good movie, but it doesn't make sense that it's rated higher than the same rugby movie, Remember Titan
1,It was so boring and boring. I don't recommend it
4,How can this be highly rated? It's not touching, it's not fun.
1,What do you mean true story? It's a fantasy movie.
2,Noblesse Oblige public service film for the upper class of the United States.
6,It's just... a good movie to watch lightly. NAVER's rating is too high.
5,If you watch a lot of American dramas and movies, they are all the same, so it's not fun. It's good to watch lightly
1,It's not fun
1,A good movie with an overpacked loose composition.
1,I was tricked... Why did the part-timers come here... I was so bored that I got cursed at by my husband.
2,A Heroic Story for Sandra Bullock Individuals.a real movie that doesn's not true story
1,It's just a touching story that happened in American society.Too simple a story.I think the rating is too high.
1,Is this for real? Damn white people, make a lie sound.
1,Don't be fooled by the documentary league or the score compared to Forest Gump.Gump.It's a perfect score for NAVER rating
5,All the emotions of this kind of movie are the same
1,Is this a movie?
1,No twist, no fun, no fun, no fun. There's one part that's fun, and if you get pregnant with women, you cut things
3,I respect you for being a mother, but after that, I just...
5,It was interesting because there was a huge difference between the Internet score and the expert score, but the expert score was right a hundred times
6,a delightful movie
3,Just.
6,It's heart-warming, but...
6,To be honest, it was a boring movie rather than an expectation and it didn't require much acting skills. It was a shame
4,Hypoallergenic, Frailty Sensitive, Long Time
6,Don't we have to make this in Korea? Heinz Ward
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
2,It's fun, but I downloaded it about a month ago and watched it
6,Overrated Sandra Bullock
5,It's a boring and obvious movie.Please, this kind of movie is a little...
1,the truest and most disappointing movie of all true stories
5,Rich, superior, authoritative, charming white, miserable Orr neighborhood
1,Why is the rating so high? --;; I think it needs to be adjusted.It's like 7 points.
6,Yes, yes. It's touching. But no matter how true the story is, the structure itself is now boring.
6,White promotional film that turns abandoned poor black people into capitalist industrial districts
6,It's a true story, but it's not a masterpiece
1,좋아요.
2,This is...9.3??? I understand that my family easily got a scary black man and bought me a car
3,It's so typical... Korean documentaries are more touching.
1,If this is the first time, it is a waste of 10 stars and a million and 22nd stars.
6,It's just touching. That's why it's boring
1,Be touched! Be touched! If you're not touched, your humanity is lost ㅂㅞ!!!!!!!
1,Honestly, I'm so touched.
5,I couldn't feel the emotion throughout the movie. Are my feelings dry?
5,Is it because my expectations are too high?;;
5,I enjoyed watching it, but it is not the top 10 movie.
6,Obvious story. White people are pretending to be nice? What if Michael wasn't this innocent?
5,a moving fairy tale
1,These days...If you make a new one, every dog or son will get an immortal rating.Oh, my.
6,The common limitation of these real cargoes is that they miss the reason for focusing on events.
1,The best movie I can't understand...It's too boring. Less than I expected
6,He's so sweet and nice. I can see Sandra Bullock
1,The best sports movie is national soccer team ^^
6,It is a warm true story of a family. It's so heart-warming
1,I'm impressed, but that's all.  NAVER's movie rating is 2nd overall. Are you kidding me?
6,It's a sports movie. It's not about perfection, but it's about right to be
6,Typical Hollywood-style moving drama... but no way to impress.
1,The national team is so fun
1,This isn't right.
1,We need to adjust the rating
1,This is not the average score
4,It's just a cliche. Why do you have such a high.
1,I'm on the rating board
1,Rating adjustment
5,A warm and cozy movie to watch in winter, if not to the point of first place. ♡
6,I hope this happens a lot. A really warm and humane movie with a deep American color. ^^
2,All the best
1,I'm a national university student
3,It's not as fun as Korea National University. Why is this 1st place?
1,Why is this a new moon?
1,I looked forward to the evaluation and looked forward to it. What are you talking about?~~~~
1,I was really boring, but am I weird? It's really boring and not funny at all. It's not touching
1,The score is too high. No
5,The most touching moment while watching the movie was when I saw Mrs. Misery getting old.
6,I feel good about my family and it's heart-warming that it's real
1,What?LOL
