엽문
1,It's a movie that glorifies trash martial arts
6,It forces the burden of anti-Japanese patriotism to be placed on an ordinary martial arts director.
4,I watched the first episode in a long time, saying, "The Chinese victim cosplay is the opposite of reality," and it's even more spectacular. Martial arts and action are worth watching, but I can't stand that ridiculous distortion of history and victim cosplay The Japanese who abuse their power and suppress them can never realize Chinese martial arts? Did the author of the Yupmun story criticize Hong Kong for violating the spirit of Chinese martial arts after seeing China's crackdown on Hong Kong by force?
6,Lastly, Bruce Lee
6,입맨의 전설
1,an anti-Japanese movieYou draw Japan so badly.Why don't you paint the Chinese who oppress the Tibetan people? Did Japanese kids act that bad? Don't write a novel. It's a waste to pay for it.
1,Drunk on the idolization of the characters?
2,It's just an obvious and boring development
6,If a straight government can destroy the empire,
1,cattle germination simulation farmer herdsman simulation farmer
1,Weapons depot, environmental republics, regulations.
6,The first episode of "Yup Moon" was the most fun.
6,It's a movie with too much jjangkaeppong
6,Appeal to the Hot Chinese Martial Arts
6,Ip Man loved China.
5,Japan is the best when it's stuck, but it's uncomfortable because it's China as a Korean citizen.
6,It's only for killing time
6,I've never seen a movie starring the only dogma, so I was really looking forward to his representative movie.I pay tribute to the real person, Yeopmun, but the silk is like a flower without scent. Martial arts skills are outstanding, but their spouses themselves are not very attractive. What if the opponent wasn't Japan?
6,I want to watch the dynamic Wing Chun Kwon again, but I don't want to watch the movie again
1,짱게 영화다
6,The scenario was standard but not bad. However, it is an action movie, but the vibe of the action scene is too low.
6,Martial arts action is excellent, but the actors' acting is sloppy and the directing is not organized.  It's too bad.
5,The obvious movie that appeals to patriotism openly and the action of the "Gyeonjidan" is also nothing new but corny.
6,I hope to see a movie where the martial arts hero of Japan wins.This martial arts movie is always treated like a villain in Japan and only Chinese people are adults
1,Good. But it's not 9.2, right?
1,A really boring movie.
2,Except for action, I don't like it ------ㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡ Action is also
6,The artificial touching and sloppy plot is fatal, but the martial arts performance of the Gyunjidan is the best!
6,All you have to do is watch the action in the movie starring the Gang of Gyeonja. Excluding stories, I always get 10 points
6,Without action, it's trash
1,What's the reason for the high rating? It's a cliche, action-writers. Don't be fooled
6,The degree to which you fight well
4,What is this?
6,Yeah, he's definitely good at martial arts.
6,There is a lot of foam on the rating.I can't give you more than six points.
6,I didn't really enjoy it.
3,It's 3 points
5,The action hero of the patriotic biography.
4,I can only see Chinese thought, but the action is Chan!
6,Japanese aggression and interpersonal life.
6,Even if you're not Chinese, it's a fun movie.
6,Chinese children's martial arts hero fantasy film
2,20% truth + 80% exaggeration.The facial expression of the representative Chinese heroism movie 'The Dog' is excellent
1,It's like coins
1,It's worth watching, but it's not a movie with 9 points.
1,NAVER give me 1 meal OOO this movie 1 shot for 2 hours
1,It's so boring
1,I agree. 7.5 is appropriate. A masterpiece needs to go up to 9 points. This is for kill time
1,Too much Chinese glorification... The rating is too high...
1,Dudol runs cowardly toward the Japanese general glorifying the dead by being beaten 0 out of 1.
1,It's not this bad
6,A movie that you can understand if you watch the last 10 minutes. It's fun, but there's no content--
1,It's fun, but it has a high rating
3,I don't know, he's a real person, but he's over-packaged.
1,As if this isn't a movie that will get a rating of 9.24 (Conair, higher than Die Hard)
1,I can't give you zero points. It's a lie that's unique to Jjang, pretending to be true. Whether it's martial arts or dance.
1,It was overrated. It's just a Chinese second-rate movie with 7 to 8 points
1,What's the story?
1,Let's not be fooled
1,Chinese movies are only shot from the perspective of the centipede, but how can you give me 10 points?
6,Action King, Whojab script
6,Even if this story is a true story, there is a loophole in the fact that it drove the Japanese nation too bad.
4,Son of a General + Kwak Won-gap + Wing Chun Kwon
6,The story is too typical, a movie that forces the Chinese to love.
1,It's just action. It's not that
6,It's an action movie that's unique to the kennel. Why does the story matter when you beat him up?
1,It came out too high. I don't care
6,For real action without wires!
6,It's not a fancy movie, it's a small scale, it's not a stunt or action movie.
6,It was really fun until the middle, and the story was ruined in the second half. Chinese thought
1,Rating adjustment. It's great for a Chinese movie, but the ending...sloppy work
4,What the hell is the rating so high? It's a piece of work that's not very moving or fun
5,A movie with no more than 5 points, it's worth watching
1,not much
6,The action is even hotter, and the story is the same as that of a Chinese hero.
5,My hands and feet are cringe-worthy LOL
6,I don't think it's a movie that deserves a rating of 67 or more because it's worth watching.
1,What's this? It's going to go in through Yupmun and then come out through Yupmun?
6,It's not a Chinese patriotic movie, but a movie about Japan. The karate guys' posture is all kung fu
1,Chinese Patriotic MovieLOL
1,an incendiary film intended to inspire Chinese ideology, not a film about martial artists
1,Your rating is too high
1,The serious behavior of moviegoers that was seen through poor movies.
6,Martial arts is a culture in China
6,Too much Chinese nationalism...  And the story that I've seen before...
2,It's a really interesting movie
1,Honestly, does this make sense? Even if it's a movie, I'm really angry
6,I think it's overrated.
6,It's like watching a video of a simple history textbook
1,I enjoyed watching it, but it's not in the 9th grade. The mid to late 8 points is just right.
1,The rating is too high.  ,,,, Martial arts are worth watching
6,Because he's a real person, he's just a martial arts fantasy with more nationalism
1,As long as the girl was pretty...
6,His greatest strength is his personality, not his martial arts
6,At the end, Bruce Lee was also his student. As soon as this part came out, the lingering feeling disappeared and only Bruce Lee came to mind.
5,Right in the middle
1,This is ridiculous. A 10-point star march. Disappointment at Korean Patriotic Movies in the '60s
1,The rating is too high to meet my expectations.
1,There's no story, but the fight ended
6,It's a movie that combines colorful martial arts and impressions, but I can forgive the story.
1,A seven-point movie. The rating is too high.
1,It's not this much... I'm going to grade it.
6,Action is worth watching. The narratives are getting cringe-worthy.
6,Don't be fooled by the rating. That's not a movie with 9 points. 6 or 7 points
5,Second, we are a Hong Kong martial arts action movie like green tea.
1,It's worth watching, but the rating is a bit too much...
1,The rating is fraud...
1,It is a movie worth watching, but it has too high a rating. Need to adjust.
1,I think I'm going to vomit the whole time
4,It is interesting, but it is not a 9.22 movie
1,7 points but seems to need to adjust the rating
6,The content is good. The dog breed is good.But it's not very...
6,It's fun, but there's not much to it.It's a movie that ends while fighting with the Japanese
1,Why do you rate movies with obvious content?
1,9.22 That's too much
1,It was worth watching, but it's not a 9-point movie.
1,Frankly, this is not a rating. It's like 7 Chinese patriotism movies
1,Why is the rating so high? It's not this kind of money
1,Hong Kong movies are always like that...
1,It's not that bad
4,Was it worth watching?
5,It doesn't have to be this high. a transparent story
1,Personally, it's 6 points, but the reviews are so high.
5,There's nothing much to do with the unmanned Kwak Won-gap, but why is the rating so high?
1,What is different from Lee Yeon-gul's political statement? It's so cliche
1,It's fun, but the rating is too high.
1,Don't be fooled
1,A movie that went well in the middle and then was tainted with Chinese thought in the second half
1,It's a little bit too much...............................
5,I would rather have a man-made box than this one. Mrs. Ip Man is very pretty
1,The action... The content is so childish.I'm laughing because it's higher than the last emperor
1,Honestly, it's worth watching the action
1,It's not as interesting as the son of a movie general.This obvious story still works.
6,I can't watch the factory scene because they told me to do real action instead of exaggerating and exaggerating in the 80s
1,Don't be fooled by NAVER's ratings!
6,Why doesn't he get old... is martial arts power?
1,You made me log in. The part-timers are amazing
6,The martial arts action is the best. But there's a story that'
1,I don't want you to be dirty ㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗ
1,Why is the score so high?
1,It's a real hit
6,I don't know if it's because I haven't watched a lot of Bruce Lee movies...
1,I think it's overrated
1,Ugh
1, a horst.
4,It's just an eye-catching movie. Why are you getting such a high rating? Don't come to get a high rating
6,I expected a lot of action scenes, but there were more boring scenes in the latter half
4,Just entertainment movies to watchable
1,It's a pathetic story. It's Mandarin Chinese. I don't know what's funny.
1,That's too much. 9 points is too much
6,Chinese superiority is worse than the Japanese
1,Who said they were moved by this movie?
1,People are so weird.Is this fun?
5,You're giving me too much rating;; 5 points because I'm a silkworm mule.
1,Whoo-hoo)
1,What criteria do the experts who grade this...
1,What a load of rubbish
5,There's something called ordinary, Wing Chun! It has its own content.
1,There's no jam. Don't look at me
1,I like action. But this isn't an action...It's not even a movie.
3,There's no story, no action, just hitting it. The whole movie is a rat-fan movie
6,I expected a cheerful action, but the content is cliche and not sad.
5,It's a movie that'd be good to watch if you were honest and watch a movie
2,Just call me State Department 2...
6,It was childish, so I'd rather do an animation.
1,Seven points is enough for a movie. Adjusting the rating..
2,I've been waiting for it since January, but it wasn't as good as I expected.crying
1,It's amazing. -_-;;
1,Oh... I was tricked. Action movie for teenagers. 7 points is enough.It's too high.
6,Just looking at the action of the dogs is good!!!
1,9.2 degrees is too high
1,I really don't think this is good
4,Why do you sell Bruce Lee? I thought it would come out even if I touched it.
6,The Godfather has a rating of 9.22 -_-; That's too much.
5,It's obvious. It's just obviousIt's obvious. Story?It's obvious. Smoke? Everything is obvious except for the dogs.
1,China's rotten history is still fighting for independence for Tibet and minorities.
1,It's not fun because the action scene isn't that great.There's a big difference between Lee Yeon-gul and the action scene.
6,Eight points are appropriate. The expression of the current situation is very good.And you can feel the charisma of Yup Moon?
6,The contrived setting and unnecessary martial arts scenes reduced the drama.
1,To be honest, 8 points is appropriate -_- I'm not saying it's not boring! Just a movie that's worth watching?LOL
1,... It's not fun to be fooled by the ratings.
1,I miss the action like Hwang Bi-hong before. The action is weak
6,Controlled and neat Chinese action (but...)
1,That's so funny?
6,Yup, yup, yup, yup, yup, yup. It's still good
4,The action was worth watching, but it's a great thing
5,The action is worth watching. The plot is childish jjamppong trying to justify the Chinese
1,We should know that China is not a victim like us, but a loser who lost to Japan.
6,I heard that the ratings were high and everyone liked it, so I watched it, but I was looking forward to it. It's so obvious.
1,Let's not be fooled by the rating. Typical Chinese Patriotic Film, Equivalent to the Korean Peninsula
6,There is a movie made in Korea in the 20th century. He's the son of a general. The movie is much better.
1,the Chinese version of the Wild Age The action was good, but the director's unique music and direction
6,When will Chinese martial arts movies break the piano strings?
5,This isn't it, is it?
1,It's boring. It's too high. Can anyone use that for practice? Whoops
6,I was just like that, but my boyfriend said it was really fun. A movie that would be fun for men to watch.
6,That's all
2,This is, well, the production of Korean movies and action movies in the 80s
1,Good
5,I don't know. I don't know if the action of the dogma is good, but the overall fun and perfection of the movie is not good
5,It is no different from the movies Lee Yeon-gul showed in the past.
1,Just try to be down
1,As expected, dogs
1,Is this fun?ㅉㅉㅉ
1,It's fun
1,What's the rating for the Jjangkae movie? Are you excited to see a martial arts movie after a long time?
1,Just a common Chinese movie
1,The eyelashes of the Japanese leader were very long.
5,Honestly; it's better to watch without much expectation.
6,Shallow philosophy, childish emotions, action scenes... Nevertheless, the martial arts film of the welcome dogma group.
1,The movie shows the Chinese people's self-conscious personality with the distortion of everything but colorful martial arts
3,Truth
1,Once you know all the historical truths, you'll see how vain this movie is
6,It's similar to "Unmanned Gapwon" starring Lee Yeon-gul. If you like Chinese history, it's worth watching^^
1,Director Lee Yeon-gul played a leading role 100 times better
6,A film for the Chinese, by the Chinese, for the Chinese.
6,Personally, I didn't like Yupmun.I think the unmanned Kwak Won-gap is better
2,It's not fun...I doubt if the person who actually saw it raised the rating above.
6,I don't really want to recommend it
4,Action-worthy but predictable storyline, like a Chinese version of the Fighters
1,Well, I don't think this is right. The rating is weird
4,I bought a DVD and it was successful because of the ethnic enthusiasm of the Chinese people, but the Korean people were not good
1,This is my one and only star in my heart, Woongdaerim
5,The martial arts of the Gyunjidan are worth watching, but the story is similar to that of Hwang Bi-hong?
1,a cheap far-right film that completely faked the real person to the taste of the Chinese government
5,I'm disappointed
1,He's not a strong character, but he's overacting with his trashy youth card.a sickly movie
6,Your action is the best, but the story that emphasizes patriotism is a bummer
6,The Chinese version of the martial arts of the Muin and Gwakwon Class. comparatively plain
1,Even though it's an entertainment movie, I can't believe you didn't notice it even though you're forcing your ideology
5,The Iron Horse is the best. The worst movie I've ever seen.
1,I'm ashamed of Koreans who like Chinese thought without knowing what it is.
6,There is only a story, but the fun is not good... Why is the score so high?
1,Don't ever look at it. The worst movie I've seen in 500 years... It's really sloppy of sloppy...
1,I can't even give a point to the movie. China and Korea are both paying for it and working part-time jobs
1,I can't even get close to the martial arts Ufck1 and I can't go to the martial arts country that uses martial arts
1,I like it, but it's an ugly Chinese far-right film plastered with wild Chinese ideas
1,It's not fun to ask people who go to the movie theater and watch the movie after the evaluation
1,Don't you have zero points? Don't do this to me, part-timers! Innocent son, you're really going to be fooled
1,Skewers or jigsaw dogs are not our friends.
1,I got a bad grade.   I hope others don't fall for the ratings...  To be honest, it's not in the 9-point range.
6,I was looking forward to it, but I can't believe it.It's an obvious story. It's a Chinese patriotic movie
1,Don't even download it. It's a waste of coins.
6,The movie was good, but I think the martial arts scene was a little rough.
1,I only trusted the dogs, but they're so nationalistic. It's a true story. I don't know what to do.
1,For rating... Dragon Ball's live-action version... It's that level...Low-level kids...
6,The drama and the action... I don't think it's going to be a box office.
6,The actors' martial arts skills were worth watching, but...It's not a movie that women would like.
1,an obvious story
6,Look at Kwak Won-gap's story where the main character wins and it flows so obvious
6,Why is the difference between expert and netizen ratings so serious?
1,Well
1,If you're not going to kick the silk, go home. What's that with your hands? a trite storyOh, my
1,What do you mean, "Tsk tsk"? That's too much.Anyway, kids, have a good time.
1,It's like a martial arts movie for elementary school students. 7 points is just right.
6,Of course I admire the martial arts of the dogs, but the story is embarrassing patriotism
1,Pathetic Crayon Shin-chan's movie still buried in Chinese thought.Do the distortion as wellUnpleasant
1,Please don't distort the truth, the Sino-Japanese War was a battle for control of Joseon.Twisted fabrication. Jjangkkaes
1,Vomiting the moral delusion of the bunch. The Chinese thought hidden in it...
6,The action's a little off, but the story's a lie for future generations. Making fake heroes.
1,It's a movie that doesn't feel good.;;;
1,Wow... I didn't know part-time job would be this bad. That's really bad. I can't believe a movie like this is 9.21
6,Chinese Government Raised Movies
1,★ The list below is Koreans who watched the movie illegally.★
3,There must be some part-timers with ratings. I can't believe it
1,Part-time job is so. How about the action scene that hasn't been released for a while? Then, 10 points?It's a pre-release part-time job
6,It's good to watch without much expectation! It's going to hit hard!
1,A rating of 9 or more sounds like a total nonsense. It looks like 7 points is good enough.So, to adjust the rating,
1,For rating adjustment. At most, 3 stars.  The story is the worst...
6,It was so heroic in the old political literature-like movie that it became less realistic.
1,To be honest, I need to lower the rating of the content that's too much
6,It's all about fancy action.The epic emotion of the times and man is lost
6,"Fighter of the Wind", starring Yang Donggeun? It's worth seeing.
6,That's so cool.
6,A continuation of the Huang Fei-hong series in line with Chinese history - but...
1,Let's stop working on the evaluation
2,It's hard to get caught in the ratings... -_-;
1,neutralization, neutralize
1,9.24 was too much LOL
6,Another Historical Distortion After Northeast Project
1,I'm so frustrated after watching the movie, so I'm grading it for the first time in my life. It's the worst
6,I was tricked by a rating. It's not a bad movie, but it's not a highly recommended movie.
1,Fooled by the ratings of Chinese movies, "I don't understand the way they behave and think," and "Is this a movie?"
1,That's too much part-time job! 7 points is more than 9 points. Let's be average cuter!
1,Story of the 2nd grade in elementary school. Action like Jumong. Movie to watch on TV during Chuseok
2,I try not to fall in love with him. Oh, my...
5,Don't look forward to it--
1,A clumsy movie with only good action. I've been looking forward to it, but I'
5,It's similar to an unmanned Kwak Won-kap.
6,If I make this west gate like this, I will be disappointed in China.
6,The action scene was very good, the story was so fake, and Murim Kwak Won-gap was better ^^
6,Chinese version of Choi Delivery LOL
5,It's just a Chinese movie
6, easy
6,It's fun
6,15 hits in a second in a row!
1,It's fun, but I don't think it's around 9 points, so I cut it. I think it's about 8
1,It's fun, but it's not a 10-point movie.In order to lower the rating. 7 points is enough
1,9.26 GPA doesn't sound right, so I'll give you a grade;; About 7 points is enough
6,A movie that only raises Chinese patriotism.
6,It's fun but I don't feel the reality because of exaggerated stories and excessive action.
6,Hong Kong action that's still floundering with the old nonsense and unrealistic action... 10 points is too much
1,If it's on TV, there's a part-time job like this LOL
6,It's fun, but it's similar to the political statements
1,I think it's a trash movie.
1,Doggy but charismatic.// But it's just for killing time, what's the rating?
4,I don't like Chinese movies, but they are worth watching
1,I can't do this.
1,I don't like Hong Kong movies
5,The story was good, but personally, the action movie is Byulu
1,What is different from Hong Kong movies in the past? That's a lesson to follow.
1,ㅠㅠ평 I don't think this is a good grade
1,If the rating is too high, 7.5 would be fine, because it's common, so just bring up the gyoza
1,As expected, it is my fault that I expected Hong Kong movie.
1,It's like a movie.I'm Jjup Dee
1,a rated fishing film
1,A movie that I've seen a lot
1,That's too much! The best movie of my life!
6,It's fun, but the rating is bubble
1,What is this?
1,I like you, but the rating doesn't make sense;;;
1,It's not fun for me
1,I enjoyed watching it, but the rating is too much
1,A group of dogs. Action. a masterpiece with three beats of a story But it's not in the 9-point range
1,I came in to give you 10 points. But isn't NAVER's best movie rating number one?
1,I saw it... But the rating...
1,It's really bad
1,I like the silk, but I don't like the movie. The rating is so weird!
1,Oh, the ratings after watching this -- people who work part-time for a movie that hasn't even been released
1,It's so annoying that it's hard to watch until the end. The conflict structure is childish.
1,I saw it because the rating was very high. Honestly, it wasn't that...
1,Honestly, it's not 9 points
1,It's not like it's in the 9-point range, but it's never... naver... never... Lower your score. 7 points is enough
1,The rating... I trusted you, but NAVER's credibility is really low.
6,It's worth seeing as much as 7 points in the movie. I'm against making another Chinese hero like you.
1,I don't think it's worth a movie even though it has a high rating.
1,It's fun, but...
1,The value of a movie is...
1,After watching this movie, I realized the fear of the part-timers
1,It's like a Hong Kong movie. This is...It's invincibleThe story is obvious, and Chan's drunkenness was much more fun
3,It's an obvious story.;;; The rating is too high LOL
1,As expected, it's not as fun as expected a popular third-rate movie
6,Chinese movies are mostly about this. You're lying too much. There was jam, so three
1,I can't believe NAVER's rating.;;; Honestly, about three stars? To reduce the GPA
6,Do you think this makes sense? That's too obvious.
5,It's worth watching as a martial arts movie, but the story is too Chinese.
6,I have bad feelings about Japan and ㅠㅠ movie is worth watching. It's a martial arts movie after all year long
1,Chinese nationalism... It is comparable to the American patriotic film.
6,Less intense action than the previous one.That's too bad. I'll see you if you're just a fan of the Stupid
1,Why? Jjang-Ken or Yong-Ho-Sang-Ppak
1,It's just unrealistic. It'
