친정엄마
4,It's a movie with an actor in a very formal story.  It wasn't an emotional movie. It was a movie that led to a maggetting strategy that made you watch it with sad tears in the word "mom."I think the movie is to soothe the emotions that are buried in the heart through the screen of another life. I hope that it will be a movie where the heart is truly alive, not a movie where you see it with your eyes, not your head.Emotions are written, not visible. ^^
6,a stereotypical motherhood movie
1,Over-reacting, ridiculous set-up, forced acting, forced tears
1,
4,I don't know what the hell this movie wants to say
6,I'm dragging my feet
1,이쿠오루이티
1,한 토지의 바이어는 회의를 거쳐 체코 공화당을 열었다.
1,heyjjiggf
1,heyjjiggf
1,heyjjiggf
1,w5tytufty hyjury
5,I didn't get much inspiration because I kept watching it without looking at it ㅠㅠ It would have been nice if the movie showed me what I left a message to my mom after taking a picture at the end
4,Kim Hae-sook, you're a true mother
1,It's corny and boring.
5,Kim Hae-sook's face reminds me of the saying, "Children bury them in their hearts."
1,cliches and contrived developments I looked at the ratings and got hit hard. At the end of the day, the god of sending a daughter. What kind of parents send a sick child alone?
5,How can a critic say such a spoiler like that have a brain? Go to the critic's rating
6,Tears can't come out. Kim Hae-sook's acting really needs to be recognized.
6,Let's be nice to our parents.
5,a typical Korean drama Still, if you immerse yourself without prejudice, you will be moved. But is it necessary to force a person to die?
6,Some scenes went too far. Especially the mother-in-law scene.
1,JENNA's dialect is disgusting, so 1 point
2,I wasted my time. You cried your eyes out when you saw my destinyBut the movie I watched to cry... It's ridiculousTime-wasting is really taking my time back -- all part-time jobs or ratings are ridiculousI'll give you this advantage. It's really ridiculous Drama would be better than this. No, it's not like I'm going to do it on purpose. I'm not really sad at all
5,A beautiful image that repeats that I lived because of my mom.
6,The characters and stories that are so familiar are still touching thanks to the actors' performances.
5,There's no such thing as a child who goes before his parents. You never know what's going to happen, so I'll be good to you when I have it, Mom
4,In 2010, 19th-century believers crave tears.
1,Even if it's a movie that's going to make me cry... The fun was sold to Andromeda.It was uncomfortable to try to squeeze tears out of a story that didn't work. I don't know why there are so many good reviews, and the fact that it's ranked at the top of the Korean movie ratings
1,Showing a typical Korean mother. Just a mother who loves her children. A mother who feeds her children whenever she sees them. A mother who is sad because her child is sick.  The story that I've seen so many times in dramas... Why did I have to make a movie like this?
6,6.0 (10 character limit)
4,2 nights and 3 days of mother and daughter...
5,It's too far-fetched. It's definitely not a 9 point movie
6,Kim Haesook's acting is the best... Thinking about you mom ㅠㅠ But some of the elements are contrived and boring. Take out your horoscope
3,A movie that is nothing more than a forcefully moving movie--funny enough, these movies always have high ratings. -
4,I watched three Korean movies today. Three out of three died. Korean movie directors are murderers and I always regret why they express sadness only as death Each of my mother's lines was very similar to my mother's
6,It's good
1,Boram Sangjo Kim Haesook Forever
1,It's a story that's too touching
1,Please don't link the Confucian emphasis to the cinematic quality or visual beauty
3,The meaning of being a mother that any married woman can relate to, but the movie is a complete mess.
1,I'm bored.
6,Hmm.. I liked mom's story until the middle, but it's too obvious as time goes by
5,Too much exaggeration in a common story? I was sad because I thought of my mom, but the content itself is not sad
2,I'm sick of Korean culture, thinking that crying like a child is a big love. When are you gonna grow up?
1,Typical Korean mother acting.. It was so obvious that I got angry while watching it.
4,Less touching than the word "mom" itself.
5,In the movie, "Mom" is always "Frozen"
1,Everyone gives me 10 points, but I feel weird giving 1 point, but I can't help it.
1,I feel uncomfortable watching the forced content and acting. Honestly, it's really boring.
1,Why do I keep seeing my sister? Do you know the pain of the unloved?
6,It feels like I'm watching a two-hour drama.
6,The only good thing is the acting of the actors. It's such a cliché.
2,a very childish new drama
3,Sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad sad. A typical new drama.
6,What you want to say, what you want to hear...But it's obvious
1,It's not sad. It's kind of boring.;;
1,This kind of movie is unlucky. I watch movies for fun, not for crying.
1,Sadness and well-made movies are different
5,It's burdensome to watch a movie that tells you to cry
2,The content is too heavy, depressing and boring
1,I'm so tall that I don't even have a mother.  It's not funny at all of a sudden
5,Honestly, this is a movie that mothers with daughters can watch properly.
1,NAVER movies with 9 points are like horror movies
1,It may be touching, but it's basically the story of a mentally ill mother obsessed with her daughter
2,It depicts a woman putting her daughter's excrement in a plastic bag
6,It's about a mother and daughter who can't help but cry, but it's even tears.
6,If the word "mom" goes in, what's the point?
1,It's so calm... There is also no speciality.
5,I don't see anything other than random sacrifices, a cruel movie that only irritates and forces me to cry.
1,A line that asks for excessive tears. Can't be immersed in a role play
6,Mo-jeong always makes the audience cry
4,It's a movie that doesn't have much content, but Kim Hae-sook's acting was excellent.
1,Your rating is too high.
1,If Kim Haesook didn't act, she would get 0 point
6,It's kind of an obvious story. I think the actors' passion saved it
3,A movie that is unpleasant because Ulla forced me to. Think about it and make a movie.
4,Trite events, obvious stories. Actors act hard, but the movie itself is a minus
4,Was my heart dry? I was sad at the end, but I fell asleep.
4,It's sad to hear the name mom, but the movie is really...
1,Can't we stop this new drama, baby, mother?A third-rate movie that forces you to cry
1,Was Korea full of mama's boys and mama's girls? I'm afraid this country will be ruined without my mother.
6,It's sad and touching, but overall, it's a little boring and boring
1,The acting is good, but it's really not fun. You'll find out when you see it.
6,I think the ending is too quick.
6,In those days, I'd only be looking for my son. I can't relate to the mother who worships her daughter
6,It's too contrived.
1,It's the worst movie ever. The casting doesn't match my age
1,A boring and miserable drama!
6,Am I emotionally dry? I was sleepy.엄마랑 I wish I could see you with my mom.
6,An ordinary movie about great love.
6,My dear baby... I'll just accept that heart.
5,My dear baby... I'll just accept that heart.
1,I don't want a mother who sacrifices herself like that. She needs to think about her own life
1,I can't believe you're making this into a movie.Even if I write a scenario with my feet, I can make it better than this movie.
2,It's really corny. The directing is the worst...
4,TV drama at the theater
3,It's too boring and slow... Not really...
1,It's not funny, it's not touching, it's obvious, it's a bad accent.It's the first time I've ever seen a mother as a mother.the worst
6,It's sad as much as I made it up.
6,It's sad and touching, but it's a movie that only makes me cry
5,a maximum of six films
6,It is obvious story, but I cried because of Kim Hae-sook's acting.
1,It's not fun. ㅠㅠ What a waste of money
5,Kim Hae-sook's last monologue scene is touching my heart
5,Extreme Shin Pa-sung, Kim Hae-sook's cliché, script and direction that lack probability.
2,a trite story an amateurish scenario Kim Hae-sook's excessive acting and awkward dialect.
5,The focus of the mother and daughter~Kim Hae-sook's acting is enormous, but the forced tears are disappointing.
1,Obvious story
1,It's so fake LOLawesome
4,It's like a drama city. --;;
2,Women, especially married women, would agree. It's not that good for men
6,I can only see Kim Hae-sook's acting.
6,It's boring at first, but as time goes by, it's moving tears... Whining
1,The ratings for the new drama are exceptionally high.It's like an audience.Just watch a drama at home
1,What kind of part-time job is that?It's not funny.
1,The acting was good, but the story...Did you have to talk about dying?You should've done it in a warm way
5,It's just a new file borrowed from her mother.
2,I hope the men don't look. Tears came out of a yawn
5,It's not that...
6,Frankly speaking, I have a lot of tears, but I don't have any moving feelings or remnants
1,Their acting was superb, but their work was not as good; they were too obvious, too obvious. It was forced tears
5,No more fun than Aeja
1,I wish I could stop making movies like this.You're forcing yourself to cry.
1,It's such a forced setup that your son or anyone else has left behind.
1,It's not fun. It's an obvious story
1,Ridiculous in ratings. It's cliche and no irritation. It's too obvious I can't. I'm shameless.
6,trite and bland for a movie It's touching because it's a material that can't be laid out.
1,be tacky and cliche
5,Based on the score of 10 points, it feels like a part-time job
1,It's a lot of nonsense
1,The pendulum is not funny
1,I was watching it with my mom ㅠㅠ The story is so predictable that tears are coming out
5,It's so obvious. I shed a little at the end of my tears. Everyone's emotional
1,It was not fun because I watched the preview, prepared to talk about it, but it seemed to force tears.
6,There are more part-time jobs than I thought It's 6 points. After you watch it, you'll know what it means.
6,The lines were good.Because all my mom said to me ^^ But why can't I cry?
4,10 points for Kim Hae Sook's acting. The content is really cliché.
1,I've been watching a lot of movies, starting with Agatha. an obvious composition
1,It's a story that's too familiar to make your heart cry
5,forced tears, not easily empathized, boredom
1,It's so forced...
1,I hope it's a special episode for Parents' Day
5,I'm disappointed. It's too fast. Too much acting...
1,I didn't cry as much as I thought.crying
5,I was disappointed when I saw it today.
4,It seems like you're leaning on motherhood too much
6,A meeting between an actor who acts too much alone and an actor who can't act alone
4,It's a story that's far too common. I can relate to it, but I saw Naver comments for videos
4,I cried more for my father than for my mother!
1,I don't want this kind of movie to come out
1,It's a waste to give stars
1,Our part-timers are working hard. Bored! No fun! Acting no! Story boom! What a waste of money!
1,Am I the only one weird? I was really bored... The story is cliche, and it doesn't make me cry.
2,Aeja's sublime... The story is normal, Kim Hae Sook and Park Jin Hee, and why is the acting?
3,It wasn't very sad.I've been bored the whole time.ㅜㅜ I can't wait to leave
4,a double-edged sword of universality and cliché
1,I don't agree. Dad, mom, and I all have an irritation index of 100. Overacting, crying or laughing?
1,A compilation of all kinds of mom-related stories! You still don't want to cry? But it's just funny
3,It was very boring. The mother-daughter setting is unreasonable and the beginning is too long.
6,I think it's a movie where I can cry freely if I go with my mother.Reversal required
5,The two actors' great acting is good! Good! However, the boring of Korean family movies seems to be inevitable
5,Is this all you have to think about? Title, "My mom, I'm holding it in."~~
6,If mom and daughter are close like Park Jinhee and Kim Haesook..I'm going to go.Hah!
5,I bought a ticket and went...
4,The film's completeness and content are not well harmonized. Missing message.
2,You've been dealing with a baby that's been coming out. Is the mother-daughter conversation that bad?
6,I was a little scared because my mom was sad, she was in a bad moody.It's sad. It's depressing
4,There were lines that touched my heart, but if there were a lot of forced parts, the movie that I ate and entered under the theme of mom
2,It's just a TV drama.
2,It's just... an obvious movie
1,Honestly, people who say this is fun can't understand... It's so obvious. I really recommend it
1,There is no need for words.I slept in the movie theater where I don't sleep much.There's nothing to watch except the sad scene in the beginning
2,Honestly, the score is too high. Objectively, 8.2 is so fast that it's hard to feel the lingering emotions.
2,It's too obvious that Park Jinhee is not good at acting.Honestly, I cried because of Kim Hae-sook's acting.
6,Obvious story, sloppy plot, but relatable. It's covered by lines and Kim Hae-sook's acting
3,It wasn't until the late '80s.  It was unfair to watch a movie after a long time.ㅠ.ㅠ.
5,Try downloading it later. But you don't think about your son? The most pitiful thing is my son
5,If I had described a more realistic mother, I would have shed more tears.
4,It's more uncomfortable than touching.The fact that the mother and daughter are not considered contemporaries...The overflowing acting...
1,"Jonnigurim" (Pun in Korean)
2,Honestly, it was not fun.-_-; Boring as if watching a documentary-;
6,It's just... Kim Hae Sook is still good at acting.
1,It's predictable from the beginning to the end. plain in a word It's like a drama.
2,A movie that didn't have anything to watch...
6,I watched it with my mom, but there's nothing special.
1,a crazy movie that ruined the original work Park Jinhee's miscasting is forced
1,Wow, it's like a drama...(Laughing (Laughing
6,It was touching, but it was too obvious.
6,Well, it's a little obvious. I've been looking forward to forcing you to cry, but I've only seen the actors' brilliant acting
4,I don't know if they put the play back. Full connection configuration is bad. a loss of sympathy
5,a scenario in which actors' acting is a waste
6,If there's a movie that gives you a rating of cliche tears, it's called "
6,I watched it with my mom... Kim Hae-sook's overacting...
5,The acting was good, but the content was too corny. catch a movie like this at a glance
2,It's a very boring movie about the obvious.What a waste of money.
6,It's obvious. The two actors acted in a dot-bo
1,An obvious story and an obvious tearjerker
2,An obvious story. I thought one of you was gonna die. But Kim Hae-sook's acting is the best
1,The content is so fast. It's all about the obvious stuff and trying to make me cry at the end.
1,Honestly, it was so boring that I fell asleep for the first time. It's too obvious. Not a single tear came out
3,You're going to squeeze my tears out with a forced story?
1,With great material...I can't believe you're forcing me to cry.never-ending to cry
1,It's so forced... It's too obvious from the beginning, so the will to watch the movie is getting weaker
6,so so...The performances were good, but the disappointing 2 percent did not cry at all
1,It's just...
1,Isn't this similar to Aeja?lol
1,I think it's the first time I said sorry to a friend while watching a movie.
5,Obvious story...If you want to cry, go with your mom!Like watching a human play
4,Films regress with the times
1,Why is the actor crying? The audience should cry
4,An obvious story due to nervousness. Kim Hae-sook's acting was great, but the composition was weak
