주먹왕 랄프
6,The reason why Vanellofi takes off her princess costume. The reason why Ralph sleeps in his own house despite that's why.
6,The charm of characters that fill in the gaps in the story
3,It's a retro mood and then it's discharged in the sugar rush
6,I don't like movies that I don't know what I watched because the story is intertwined after watching it, but this is exactly right.   And you made me not get attached to the main characters. ㅠㅠ That's too bad.
4,I watched life movie and it was so childish and boring. I like most Disney movies and animations, but they are so boring. It would be perfect for middle school students
1,Nikki and Nick. . . . . .and Nick.
1,Heels Ford's big income tax.
1,vbcfghfdhdds
6,One story is definitely better than two
5,I feel sorry for the rabbit at the end. Ralph and Vanellopy. That's too muchcrying
6,In the beginning, Vanellofi was so annoyed when he bounced off Ralph's hard-won medal that he scored six points
6,Disney's new attempt to star in the villain (but the story is still conservative).
1,1 1 발 It's germination. I can't concentrate because it's so frustrating to steal and glorify
6,At first, I was so frustrated that I thought I was going to die.
6,It wasn't my style ㅠㅠ
2,Korean JUNG JUN HA's dubbing is the worst...
1,I hate children who don't listen
1,NAVER's rating is like Disney's. That's the level of mental world
6,Ralph, the nuisance king! Destroy the whole world with his own selfishness and move around.
1,Let's start the ship evaluation adjustment.
6,When you break Penelope's cart, why do you break my heart?
1,I don't think I enjoyed it that much.Well, it's not that high. I think it's a good time for a journalist to get a good rating.
6,The story composition that is somewhat stretched compared to the original material is disappointing. I look forward to the sequel.
3,It's good, but it's a very violent animation I don't think so
1,I'm disappointed that it went differently than I expected
1,A movie that made me realize the importance of time
6,Rather than an animation for children, it was a work that brought back memories of the arcade and video game generation in the 80s. The boring narratives were unfortunate.
1,Solka is so boring. 10 letters. 10 letters
6,It's rather childish, but it's
6,Expanded worldview Limited imagination
1,I want to give you 8 points, but 1 point because the score is high.
6,There is a story to the villain...
1,I'm glad I didn't see it
3,It was a mistake to watch this movie after watching Frozen and Rapunzel. I should have seen Rapunzel before Frozen
3,Please use professional voice actors for dubbing.
6,It's just taking time
5,To be honest, it was not fun because I didn't know it was released at the time. But I think Jung Junha did a good job dubbing and got 5 points. I feel bored
6,The subject matter may be novel, but it's a boring movie. At least I felt that way.I think other DreamWorks movies with fresh material and solid story are better.
6,Jung Joon-ha's voice was so annoying that I couldn't concentrate.
5,It wasn't as funny as I expected, and Vanellofi's personality was a little annoying.
1,It's just... boring.
6,It's good and bad, and it's fun and boring
6,It's too obvious with weak emotion, poor creativity in directing. Disney, learn from Pixar!   If Pixar had made it, it would have been a much more unusual movie.
6,Stories, characters, all unattractive movies
3,I'd like to vote for Pixar Annie. It's just a material that doesn't suit my taste. a feeling of being taken in by a high rating Streeter Fighter Kerrick is memorable.
1,Voice actors, mark them right, you stupid people
2,The main character is annoying.Annoying to cause irritation.
6,The idea is fresh, but the story is so childish. My preference is fantastic Mr. Foxnen
1,In the beginning of the drama, I think the expression like popping a human's head and the scene where the zombie character's heart is pulled out are too cruel to be a total viewer.
6,It's a good idea, but it's not fun.
6,It feels like I'm meeting an arcade full of boring games even though I'm looking forward to it.
6,Should I say it's an old man before Yoo? It's touching at the end
2,My kids are girls, so they're not interested in games, and they never laughed while they were watching, and they said it wasn't fun~~
6,The material was good, but the content is a bit obvious
1,Low-cost fist king Ralph dvd, Blu-ray, 3d (General Edition, DE Special Edition, LE Limited Edition) is not coming*FYI (We have also ordered from Naver Knowledge Shopping)
4,They're like kids, so I don't...
6,It's a bit... for kids who aren't used to the characters.
6,It wasn't a lot of fun, but I think it's a good movie for kids
6,Six-day faction
2,...this is a total fraud. Don't look I was so disappointed when I saw the horoscope.When I watched animation before, the cheers of the kids were no joke, but this is...Everyone was quiet...Even my sheep-side was getting a good night's sleep...I don't like the movie
5,Why are you only releasing a dubbed version of Pixar+Disney movies?
1,I was sad
1,The Disney movie is too popular. It's good to watch with children, but it's not good to watch with friends. I think 8.3 points is appropriate.
1,It's not fun
2,When I saw the title of the movie, I thought it was Ralph from "King of the Opas"LOL
5,It's so chaotic.
3,What's this?
3,Disney cartoons are fishing now. I thought there were a lot of famous characters in the commercial, but this was almost all shadowy. In particular, I watched it with a kid to watch Sonic, and I'm very disappointed. Running time is long and it's not that fun
5,I don't think the movie was that interesting.
5,There was a twist.
6,Wow... I'm a Disney fan, and I almost folded after watching this LOLI'm so disappointed. I watched it on dubbing, but I couldn't figure out who the person was and I thought it was boring and crazy. If it wasn't for a twist and ending, it's a movie that's not good!
1,Vanellofi is cute in appearance, but his personality is really unlikable (although in the latter half he was intended to give a warm ending, with Vanellofi's lack of cheekiness). Including Vanellopy, characters that I don't like
4,Did you see Skrillex coming out?
1,The worst animated movie I saw last year. The story was boring, and none of the characters felt emotionally involved or liked. How can you make a character like this? Vanellofi's cynical and cheeky personality was hard to cover with his cute appearance
3,I looked forward to watching the animation that I watched this year, such as Madagascar and Ice Age, but it was so boring. There was nothing to see in 3D....ㅠ.ㅠ
1,I'm sick of it
5,I like it
6,It's a little long looking at the kids. I don't have a lot of humor.
5,Voice actors are completely ignored.
6,It's going to be fun. I really want to see it and it will be fun to see it again...But since you haven't seen it yet,
1,It's just... a movie that parents sacrifice to watch for stories
6,Jung Junha is the main character of this, but in other countries, it's a gathering
1,What does this movie mean? It is full of dubbing. Celebrity dubbed it, so I should make money...All the theaters around here are dubbing. They're crazy
1,Fist?
6,It's my first time writing, but I think it's a little rough to say that it's a movie that's a total viewing. It's a depressing story, and I don't think it's good. I appoint it as an unfunny movie...
1,Sonic only gets 15 secondsㅠㅠㅠㅠ I was going to go see the sonic ㅠㅠ
6,Although he tried to resemble Pixar's emotions, Disney couldn't give up its young audience. Fun but shallow movie.
1,It's a good thing I didn't see it. It's mental terrorism.
6,I really want to see it, but why are you only dubbing it ㅠㅠ...
5,I hate dubbing...Why don't you show the subtitles? There is no place in Busan. Surprised ㅠㅠ I don't like dubbing so I haven't been watching it. ㅠㅠ I miss you. Phew
1,Don't dub, OOO. If you're going to dub, open the subtitles, OOO
3,I can say that the video was well made, but the story line was too boring. I don't recommend...
6,I think it's okay because JUNG JUN HA is a voice actor, but I watched the game
1,Please don't dub it.
6,I personally don't like dubbing, but there was only dubbing board, so I almost went out looking at it LOLI almost died
1,The question is why animated films always have high ratings. The operation is certain.
1,It was shocking that Jung Junha was in the cast
5,If you're looking forward to a character like Sonic or Mario, don't come and see it. Famous guys are five seconds long, and they're the main characters
4,The story is so cliche...It's a dull movie with no fun, no sadness, no fun
6,to have a strong continuing power
5,I watched it with my 7-year-old son and 10-year-old daughter.When I see her, she says it's funny.My son and I were bored and boring.I don't know why this is 3D.We have digital dubbing on the 24th.Every Christmas day changes to 3D. Children are not recommended.
1,I thought it would be fun because it's Disney's, but if it's not fun, I'm throwing money away
4,It's not fun
5,lol
6,Just.
5,I just wanted something cute, but I was embarrassed because there was a shooting game with my son.It's new, but I don't like it.^^;
1,Disney who made this crap movie should be ruined
5,I was so bored until the middle. There were a lot of kids because it was Christmas.Even the kids left because it wasn't funny --;; I'm 3D, so I'm wasting my money, but...I was so sleepy that I fell asleep for about five minutes I was a bit touched in the end There's a story.
2,But the idea was really good because it was Disney. The introduction was good, but overall, I was bored and sleepy. I really shouldn't have watched it. Children's movies are children's movies
1,It's boring
1,Excuse me. Where's the caption? Where did you hide the captions? Give it to me right now Why do you leave the original behind and do dubbing o? No matter how much these animations are for the whole user and are mostly for children, there are many older people who want the original Please show us the captions
5,Haha
1,You're childish.
5,If you like games, don't watch it First of all, the story is Disney style obvious. If you trust the trailer, it's a waste of money
6,Compared to the Guardians, they are less focused and driven. the boredom of children I remember there was only one burst of laughter...Pixar, the lack of fun and brilliant ideas seen in Disney animations.
1,The cartoon characters that I wanted to see were all written in the preview, but the uncomfortable truth that doesn't come out in the actual movie. It's a seven-point animated movie, but it's too high
5,Sonic's 10 seconds camo...I'm sure it came out as if it's going to come out for a long time in the internet banner ad...
1,It's not fun, it's just my eyes that hurt. Why are you being tortured for two hours by using red all over the whole time
4,Ah...if the short animation in front was fun, why is there only dubbing for the modern movie?I wish it was the last oneLOLWas the expectation for Disney too high?ㅜㅜ
2,Ralph the Fist seems to be continuing his box office success until the sequel is confirmed.The Guardians are screwed.ㅜㅜ
2,If you go to the back, there are a lot of childish and boring parts, but it's a little bit of a waste for the price, but if you have any questions like 3D, it's not bad to watch
1,So sleepy movie Guardians may have a laugh for the whole time, but I watched a zero-rating movie, but more than half of the poster characters were disappointed, and no one was laughing in the theater, and the men's arcade memories were crazy
1,She's a very scheming Annie.It was so different from the ratings I didn't want to see even after I got paid. The atmosphere in the theater was yawn and gloomyI can't even laugh.The rating here is so good that I think you can be fooled me.I'll upload it. It was the most precious time of the year.I definitely recommend
1,K
1,Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
6,I'm from Seoul, so I watched it at the Seoul Theater. But I couldn't see why Sonic and Mario sang it.
5,It's a bit childish, but you have a great imagination!
1,.Thrack...
2,Disney is ruining again... You ate Pixar Disney isn't going to make a flop like this
6,It's fun if you know this game, but if you don't
1,A film on the level of uncivilized American children.Sleep more time to watch this.
6,I like kids who are younger than expectations.
1,be greatly disappointed
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,I haven't seen it yet
