아일라
10,I watched it in the first row of my room and downloaded it from NAVER. It was so sad It was fun
10,
10,Thank you for your help and thank you and how fortunate it is that you two meet again ㅠㅠㅠ감It's a movie full of emotions and tears
10,I'm just touched.Thank you to all the veterans who fought for our country at that time!It breaks my heart to think of you, Slayman, who must have carried a burden on your heart for the rest of your life
10,It was so touching^^ Tears welled up while watching a movie~~~~
10,It was a very moving movie Especially, your inner acting as Schleiman is very touching
10,I cried a lot while watching it. ㅠㅠ I hope a lot of people watch it
10,Park Pyeongsik, are you crazy?
10,Thank you for letting Korea be where it is now
10,This is a real touching movie.
7,It's the best moving movie... Why isn't this movie a hit in Korea?
10,It's so fun. It's been a while since I watched a movie with my family. It's so touching and sad. Thank you so much for helping me during the war in Turkey, my brother's country I won't forget!
10,I was so touched that it was a painful history, but on the other hand, I am so grateful to Turkey, which is a brother countryI was recommended by my sister who lives in Turkey, but I didn't know until nowIt's a masterpiece
9,
10,I got to know Woo Hyun, so I cried a lot while watching it이런We need to make things like this in Korea. I recommend it
8,It's a bit loose in the middle, but it's still touching. The ending music is good. It's a memorable movie. It's a guy without a drop of blood. It's amazing that the love between parents and children lasts for so long
10,It's my first time getting a rating... I came to know this movie by chance, so I watched it. It's the movie that will last the most. I watched it without knowing that time went by and I was crying It would have been better if I saw it at the theater.ㅜㅜ
10,
10,I watched it calmly during dinner because it was on Wavve, and the small story made me smile like a dad until the middle.Turkey, the country of grateful brothers, the largest participant in the Korean War.Turkish father and a child who became a war orphan.A calm, but not boring daily story between the two.A promise I'll keep for the first time in 60 years. That desperation...I can't fully relate to it, but it's heartbreaking.I didn't know if it was tears or runny nose.Just because it's a war movie, it's not a loud and disgusting movie. It's a movie that I want you to watch regardless of age.
10,
10,It's touching. What do you mean, a true story?
10,I'm touched. The sea of tears
10,
10,
10,
10,If you watch a movie that Korean people want to see at least once, you will be able to be friendly with Turkish people
10,Wow... It's a true story, so I'm so touched. Maybe because I've been to Turkey before, I remember the Turkish people saying in Korean that it's a country of brothers and a wonderful person.That's it. I'm going to cry.Hah!
10,
10,I will not forget the country of the Turkish brothers. It's so touching.ㅜㅜ
10,It's the best movie ever. We will not forget you, thank you very much and pay tribute to the heroes who came to other countries and were willing to die for the Republic of their lives. Once again, thank you very much. It was an opportunity to look back on the painful history from the perspective of other war heroes.May you rest in peace there.
10,Turkey, the country of brothers. Thank you.
10,It was a touching movie based on a true story I fell in love with acting, and I cried at the end
10,
10,Tears... It's hard to hold it in
10,It's so touching. I enjoyed it
10,I cried a lot. I didn't know it was real
10,This movie needs to be re-released It's so sad that the fact that I couldn't see this kind of movie in the theater didn't become an issue
10,A must-see movie, even if it's not to forget.It's a relief that you two met before you died.
10,A movie that I regretted not seeing at the theater when it was released
9,I guess the Turks like Shintoism, too. From the beginning to the end of the movie, it's like a sea of tears
10,
10,
10,In fact, I watched the documentary first, and many veterans came to Korea in search of the children they were caring for at the time. The children, who were boys, became old, sick, and had mostly forgotten their existence. The backs of the veterans who came all the way to Korea in anticipation of an emotional reunion were bitter and I felt guilty for no reason. Perhaps that's why Ayla, who didn't forget Schleiman and waited the whole time, remained in my memory for a long time. It's so nice to be made into a movie like this. And I am grateful to the Turkish veterans for leaving a warm chapter in our sad modern and contemporary history.
10,I don't know how much I cried. It's a movie that I'm thankful for telling us about the historical facts that we didn't It's amazing that there's a true story like this. I'm tearing up even when I see it again. It's brilliant!
10,Tears and runny nose ㅠㅠ Laughing and touching. The same expression as the actorsㅠ
10,
4,You haven't looked for it for 60 years now?  Can I call him a real father?
10,I cried the whole time. It became my favorite movieㅠ
9,Back up. Tears welled up
9,It was the most touching movie I've ever seen in my 40s A day later, my heart still feels numb
10,I just watched it without much thought and it left a strong impression on me, it's a movie that I won't regret watching once,!,
10,I cried a lot. It's a touching true story Turkey, the country of brothers
10,I personally think it's the best movie of my life, but it's a Korean War moving masterpiece. It's a shame that many people didn't see it...
10,
10,Touching movie, Ayla is the best
10,I found out after watching the first row of the room. It's a work that I hope will be well known.
10,It's such a moving movie that I can't watch it properly because my tears cover my eyes
10,
10,If the movie was promoted well, I think at least millions of people would have seen it. I hope that the days will change and this precious movie will be spotlighted again
10,It's been a long time since I was so immersed in a movie. I cried a lot in the second half.
9,It was a movie that made me think a lot while watching it with my family. It reminds me of my grandfather. I recommend you to watch it.
10,I can't believe this is real. I just cried
10,I didn't know how grateful I was for the Korean War veterans, but it was a movie that made me realize a little bit. I strongly recommend it.
10,
10,Don't forget Turkey. Turkish actors are so good at acting.
10,The war in Turkey is just for NATO's sake. More than 60 percent of the Turkish warlords are Kurds, and Turkey has solved its problems. And the Turks were notorious for raping refugees at the time.
10,
10,It's a movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings. It's making me sad. Thank you Turkey...
10,Thank you, Turkish veterans
10,It was a long separation for you two.I wish I could have met you earlier.
10,I watched it without thinking, and it was so touching.
10,I didn't expect that much, but it was a great movie Make sure to watch it.
10,
9,I watched it calmly and cried ㅜㅜ Thank you for Turkey
10,Brother's land, I love you
10,
10,Thank you Turkey. Many people want to see this movie.
10,It was so touching I cried so much that I'm worried about tomorrow
10,Wow, I watched it in 2021 and I think it's the best movie in 2021I only heard that Turkey is a brother country, but thank you so much for supporting our country first. I'm going to go eat Turkish kebab
10,A movie that touched my heart and gave me a message
10,It was so touching and I enjoyed it
10,My eyes are puffy because I cry so much
10,I am so touched and sad that this happened in the history of Korea and Turkey The last scene is amazing. Ankara. Ankara
4,Whether it's a true story or touching story, it's nothing more than a surprise shot with a good camera. In short, it's really boring. The production was worse than Korean TV dramas in the 1980s and 1990s
10,Thank you, Turkish warriors and Turkey
10,It's such a touching and good movie, but it's a shame that domestic promotions and screenings didn't go well, and I don't understand. I hope it's shown on TV a lot
10,I cried the whole time I watched it.
10,It was a great piece of work. It was touching all the time and I felt grateful to the veterans who helped Korea. I heard that a great hit in Turkey was not very popular in Korea, but I'm leaving a review because I hope a lot of people will watch it! The story, the acting, the visuals were all the best and it's not boring at all! I really recommend it!
10,I love this movie. The whole family watched it together and laughed a lot. I shed tears
10,I can't believe a Turkish movie stimulated my tear glands like this.I strongly recommend this movie!
10,The whole time I watched it, I was so moved that I cried my eyes out. Call my dad
10,A must-see movie in life... What a warm and moving masterpiece.
10,It's my favorite movieTurkey is a country of brothers
10,Turkey, the country of brothers... Turkey's 5 million-Audience
6,I watched it because the reviews were so good, and it was a bit boring, but Schleiman's acting and heart were so warm and deep How could you choose Ayla over the woman you love?I would have been disappointed if I was yellow Maybe it's really better to live with another man.I can't believe I'm missing you all my life.His wife and children are great. Of course, you might think that because you only see bits and pieces,
10,Thank you very much. :-)
10,I remember watching it at the theater, but I cried a lot
6,It's just a story, and it's already a movie, and it's amazing, touching, and beautiful like a drama, but when I watch a movie, it's just a movie, um...I think watching the documentary will be more focused on their stories.
10,
10,I saw such a good movie now. I watched it four times and I really liked the acting of the child and the Turkish father. It's more touching because it's a true story. The story and acting are the best.
10,It's a moving film to thank the Turks back in those days.
10,I found out by chance and recommended it to my family and showed it to them. I watched real-life videos...I'm so touched and thankful!
10,I can't express it in words The movie I watched with tears in my eyes. "I'll be back."
10,Thank you.I won't forget.
10,Turkey, our brothers, thank you so much. Brothers ♡
10,If you are a Korean, you should never forget your gratitude to the Korean War participants.
10,
2,I listened to Arirang for 24 hours after watching this movie
10,Why did the movie get smeared?
10,I watched TV in my room. I can't believe he's from another countryI can imagine what it would have been like to bring her to Turkey to raise her two-year-old daughterI want to look for documentaries, too
10,It is a movie about the humanism of war orphans and soldiers. Although there were many movies about the Korean War, there were no movies about the war countries, but this movie was grateful for its material. I want to say thank you very much not only to Turkey but also to the other veterans. Turkey is the fourth country to send combat troops to Korea, and it is said that it fought a fierce battle with the highest rate of casualties compared to the number of troops dispatched. Also, most of them were volunteers, not conscripts, and the Ankara Academy (war orphan care facility) in this movie was operated with the salaries of the veterans. In fact, I also didn't know why Turkey and our country were called "brother's country," but it was a movie that I really felt grateful and learned a lot. We must not easily forget the help and sacrifice of the warring states Thank you.
10,I came to think again about the forgotten war in time!It was a time to look back on myself who is happy now I was very touched!!Thank you.
10,If you are a Korean citizen, please watch it. First of all, I would like to thank Turkey for its willingness to support the dispatch of troops and for supporting the school for war orphans. I watched it more carefully because it was a movie based on a true story, but it was warm and there was no boring thing because of the fun in between, and in the second half, I cried a lot because I was heartbroken. It's a movie that starts with gratitude and is full of emotions. I strongly recommend that you watch the movie.
10,Today is Memorial Day and I watched the movie through TV program introduction. I can't stop crying.
10,It's touching. Why did you watch it now?
10,The true story is amazing and ㅠㅠ It's such a moving story movie. Thank you very much, veterans.
10,Oh, I just realized there's a movie.It was a touching true story movie.
10,It's so touchingI'm sorry I didn't know that
10,Why is this movie buried?
10,
10,More touching movie that this touching story is a true story.It was a movie that made me feel grateful for Turkey, the country of brothers
10,There's no need for words. the most touching moment
10,Make sure! Make sure! Look.
10,It's a touching movie. I cried.
10,It's the best. I'm touched.I've seen documentaries.
10,I hope many people will watch this movie. First time to score a movie ㅠㅠ
10,It was so much fun that I found out about the movie too lateㅠㅠ It's a calm story, but I didn't know how two hours went by. It was an opportunity to once again thank all the veterans who helped us in Korea and abroad.
10,Ah... Just watch this no matter what.말이 If you don't need words, what else do you need? It's not just a movie, it's a documentary
10,Thank you so much Turkish soldiers. It's a moving movie.
9,the warmth of a soldier in the tragedy of war  There are times when paternal love is stronger than maternal love
10,It's more touching because it's a true story.
10,A movie that really touches the heart of the Korean War.A movie that makes you feel a lot these days when history is being distorted.Why is it not known only in Korea?
10,In fact, Turkish soldiers took a portion of their salaries and created and protected orphanages that feed, dress, and teach war orphans. I would like to thank all the Turkish fathers of the Korean War orphans for their love in the war of other countries on the other side of the world.
9,I cried a lot after a long time no see
10,all I can think of is thank you
10,I hope the tragedy of the Korean War doesn't happen again
10,True love is giving without thinking about what to receive. It was a movie that reminded me of.
10,It's a heart-warming movie
10,I didn't expect much. I think it would have been fun if I did It's a really fun and touching movie.
10,I cried the whole time. I want many people to know this kind of movie. To be honest, the younger generation who don't know much about Turkey also discriminates against Turkish people, and I hope many people know why Turkey is a brother country because this movie became famous.
10,Tears ㅜㅜ Touching
10,It was so humanly touching.
10,
10,It's touching. I recommend it
10,I don't leave any marks because I'm too lazy.But this movie always leaves a mark.Directing, acting, story, video beauty, and OST are good too!Make sure to watch it when you have time!I recommend it!
10,I didn't expect it but I'm so touched ㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching Your acting is amazing
10,It was so touching and I cried while watching it. It's the best movie ever
10,Based on the true story, what can be seen from the perspective of the warring states, Kim Seol's tearful acting... It's so touching.
10,Thank you to the Korean War veterans...  I grew up listening to my grandparents who went through the war, and now my son's generation won't be able to relate to it.Don't forget that China and North Korea are our main enemies
10,It's a touching movieI strongly recommend a movie that makes your heart full
10,I'm sorry I saw it now. I'm so touched. Thank you, Turkey♡
10,I have a movie of my lifeI couldn't stop crying and I felt emotional. I hope it will be known to more people and shown in theaters
10,It's more touching because it's a true story. When I searched Ayla on YouTube just in case, I found out that Chuncheon MBC had documentaries with the title "Core Ayla." Ayla, be happy! And thank you so much to the Turkish veterans!
10,
10,A movie that I want all Koreans to watch!
10,
10,Thank you to the Turks
10,
10,
10,
10,I watched it with my 11-year-old daughter, crying and laughing. Turkey, thank you. There must have been a lot of help in many countries until Korea was here, but Turkey didn't know enough. I cried a lot when I saw her acting with her eyes.
10,I never knew there was a movie like this. It's a movie that I hope you all watch. I hope you do it a lot on TVHaha
10,I'm so touched ㅠㅠ Thank you for making a good movie.
1,The rating is too high. It's not in the 9-point range.
10,
10,It's been a long time since I cried a lot
10,I was so touched that I waited for the rerun. Thank you so much.
10,This movie should be widely known
10,Even I, a man, remember crying and watching.
10,Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠㅠ A movie that you want to spread widely
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie like a movie ㅠ_ㅠ Tears...
8,You should show a movie like this.
10,It's a movie that I saw through YouTube movie review video. Without this movie, I wouldn't have known it, but I'm happy to know itIt would be nice if I could learn these stories from time to time in school history, but I'm also grateful to the Turkish soldiers for their hard work in the Dragon War
10,The whole family must watch this. They must watch this
10,Once again, I am truly grateful to the Turks, a movie that Koreans should watch.
10,Wordsless movie ㅜㅜ
10,Why did you know this movie now?ㅠㅠ 형 Brotherhood, thank you
10,I'm so touched. I'm tearing up
10,It's so touching  I thank you, sir.
10,Stop searching and watch it
10,It's so touching. I can't believe it's a real story.
10,It's so touching. There was a sense of brotherhood.Thank you so much to Turkey for helping our country.
10,When Turkey says that 80 percent of the troops it sent during the war were its own people, people say that Turkey is a country of brothers, but the statistics show that the Japanese are better
10,I'm just grateful. After watching the movie, I cry just watching this movie introduction video on YouTube.
10,Even the happy scene is so sad ㅠㅠ
10,I watched it twice and both of them criedThe baby girl in 1988 played AylaYes, Turkey really likes Seol tooI like Ayla, tooIt's a touching movieTurkey is a country of brothersThank you.
10,Thank you very much, brother.
10,There was a masterpiece like this hidden I saw the wave today, and it's really touchingI heard 5 million songs in Turkey. It's so fun to listen to in Korea Make sure to listen to it's
8,
10,I made it well. It's touching
10,I hope that people with tears will watch just by summarizing it
10,Why did I watch such a moving movie now!!!! Make sure to watch it. It's so beautiful and sad
10,
10,I'm sorry to hear your review of Cine.I was surprised that it was just a movie, but it was a true story, and it was even more touching. What do you mean it's not fiction? What more beautiful love stories should I add?It's so touching even if you don't add it. Are you under the compulsion that movies should be fiction and that there should be box office elements? It was a movie that was all the more touching because the beautiful story was a true story. I'm always thankful and thankful to Turgi.The emotion of your reunion was more beautiful than any made-up fairy tale.
10,Thank you so much Thanks to you, I'm living in Korea I won't forget.
10,Why didn't I know this movie? I can't believe it's a real story. There's a documentary. Why didn't it be made in our country? I heard it was a hit in Turkey. Let's remake it again in Korea. It's a shame that we should know our history better. Let's climb up the charts, please.
10,I cried so much ㅜㅜ Please watch it
10,A movie that doesn't need words.
10,It's my first time writing a review This is a must-see movie
10,Thank you...It's so touching and I won't forget it
10,I cried my eyes out for the first time in a while.Kim Seol cried over the little boy's acting and cried again because it was a true story.Turkey, I love you.I love you, Ayla.
10,I just saw this and if you cried a lot, please watch it. It's so sad ㅜㅜ It's even more touching because it's a true story ㅜㅜ
10,It's so touching.  It's a sad and beautiful video.
10,I am indescribably grateful to all the veterans who sacrificed for our country.And thank you to the movie staff who made this movie.
10,
10,I'll remember, the help from the long war, every time Arirang came out, there was a calm sensation
10,
10,I recommend it as a masterpiece a fresh crop
10,It's so sentimental
10,It was a really touching movie.
10,Thank you, Turkish Suleiman
10,I can't believe I'm finally watching this touching movie. It was made based on a true story, so it was twice as touching. I've only heard of Turkey, the country of brothers, but I'm grateful that they sent the second largest number of troops after the U.S. and the U.K. and built a school for war orphans until the 1970s. Suleiman, the real protagonist who took care of the orphan as a daughter who gave birth to her heart during the war and struggled to find her daughter all her life. I respect you and respect you.
10,I'm touched just by the YouTube review. Good!
10,I cried while watching it. ㅜㅜ Wow ㅜㅜ
10,I can't believe I've finally seen this masterpiece. I think those critters are watching movies with red eyes. Unfortunate.
10,I'm tearing up. It's really...
10,I cried so much. ㅠㅠ Thank you, warriors
10,It's been a while since we saw each other, but I'm going to watch it again because it suddenly came to mind.Just thinking about it makes me cry.There are a lot of unfair and painful things in life, but there are people who share and practice love with their pure hearts without any conditions, so this world feels worth living in.^^ I don't know what to say.For those who didn't watch it, make sure to watch it.^^
10,A must-see movie... When I go to Turkey, I think of the Turks who welcomed and liked it as a brother country. Miss.
10,The movie is so good A movie like a movie
10,
10,
10,
10,I didn't know about Turkey and Korea, but it's good to know.Those people must be in heaven. I respect you.
10,an infatuated film A movie that I want to share with my family and people around me. A movie that makes you realize that you are grateful for the peace and freedom you enjoy now.
10,I cried a lot.That's the best movie I've seen recently
10,I've never left a review or a rating, but I have to leave this. It was a very impressive movie after a long time. I was touched by the sacrifice of the Turkish army that I had forgotten, beyond my heart and gratitude that I would never forget. Because it's a true story, both the story and the acting are outstanding.This kind of movie needs to be popular, but I hope it'll be a movie that more people can watch and talk about again ㅜㅜ
10,
10,I don't need to say anything.Make sure to watch it. It's touching
9,I paid 1,200 won and saw it on TVing Korean acting was a little awkward, but it was still good
9,It was good to feel different by making the Korean War from the perspective of Turkey, a war veteran. It's more touching because it's a true story. Thank you Turkish soldiers for caring for war orphans
10,Love crosses borders, wins wars, and moves the heart. I respect you, Schleiman. "Dads live to keep their promises with their children."
10,It was more touching and touching because it was a true storycrying
1,I don't know. I... The story's a mess, low-grade acting... I don't think it's the same background sound that doesn't fit me at all. It's not as good as a surprise on a forced weekendI've been looking forward to it
7,The directing and acting are a little disappointing, but the movie has already eaten enough with just one topic! Turkey, "The Kingdom of Brothers," thank you so much and I love you!
10,I leave a rating that I don' It's a sad movie because it's a true story. I cried a lot before I left.
10,Kim Seol, who plays Ayla during the shoot, is 7 to 8 years old...Your acting is really crazy. I can't believe I can express my feelings while speaking in a foreign language at that age. ㅠㅠ He's a genius at acting. ㅠㅠ Even adult actors can't express their emotions properly when acting in foreign languages.
10,Korea's eternal brother country. Thank you for the reason why we were able to live happily in this moment Turkey, thank you Young sons and daughters of each country who sacrificed their lives to protect Korea during the Korean War, thank you very much to the people who work hard for the peace and well-being of KoreaThank you so much for all of you
10,I couldn't help but leave a rating after seeing this. So I left a rating for the first time
10,It's my favorite movie. It's so touching and it's a good story that I remember for a long time.
1,I don't know why I have a high GPA.
9,The tears that I held back burst at the last real meeting
10,I don't know why this movie didn't become an issue. I recommend you to watch it. It is a movie that warms up the love of many veterans and special fathers who sacrificed for other countries. What a true story. You have to watch it. I strongly recommend it.
10,I was worried about what if Korea looked too strange because it was about the Korean War, but it was good to see the video beautifully. It's a movie that doesn't leave out any acting, story, or emotion. Director Jan Ulkai. I think it's Bong Joon Ho from Turkey
10,It's a shame why this movie was so unpopular, and the bloody war was so sad, and I found out about this movie while looking for three guys, but why are these stories not known? The whole world is a war. I think the boss is the problem. I'm grateful to all the countries, including the Armed Forces, who have shown so many wars and so many sad, grateful to them and so many invisible little emotionsI don't like it at all cost. I don't like it. It's just... It's just...hhh
10,We, who have nothing to do with the war, cannot understand the pain of our parents.But sometimes when I watch war movies like this, how did they go through those times?It's amazing and the war is new.Thank you for coming to the Korean Peninsula, which has become a bombshell.Thank you very much to the Turks for not turning a blind eye to our war orphans.Korea is much better off than Turkey right now. It's just amazing. The movie that expressed the warmth of the Turkish army even during the war. It was fun
8,It is a movie based on a true story, so I am so moved and teary. It is amazing that Turkey is a brother country and a country that cares for each other
10,
8,a touching story more than a movie
1,Kentucky Fried Chicken
10,The Korean War from a foreign perspective was new, and the acting was very good. I wish the whole family could watch it together, and I wish there would be many movies like this, and everything is perfect
8,If you have another life, I hope you meet as a father and a daughter who will never have to be separated
10,I cried a lot while watching it I respect the late Schleiman, who once again felt that war was a disaster for all mankind, but especially for children, it was a very cruel thing, and showed humanity in that brutal war
10,
8,Bae Jung Nam is good at acting in Turkish
9,I got to watch this movie late.I am very sorry that I cannot say thank you to the Turkish veterans who sacrificed themselves during the Korean War.The best part of this movie.It was good that there was no villain.I liked this sad, heart-warming, and sweet movie^^
10,
10,Even after the movie, my heart feels heavy and I cry
8,While watching the movie, many allies helped us against North Korea's invasion I think it's a calm and gentle movie that cares about others in that's what I think
10,Thank you, Turkey.
8,The story is touching, but it's a low-budget movie. It's not B-level, but C-D-level
10,It is a very moving movie.I watched it while crying...
10,
10,It's a heart-warming and heart-warming movie that brings tears and emotions throughout the six steps
10,True stories are creepy, sad, unforgettable past
10,It's so touching. Thank you, Turks. (^^)
9,Apart from the fun, it is a movie that you can't watch without tears.It's a shame that this kind of drama should be popular
10,
10,Look at Kim Pyungsik. He said it's a Korean Neuse-style impression. Honestly, where was the impression of the Korean Neuse in the old military regime? And how many times have you seen Daehan News? You bring me a Korean news that I don't even know and pretend to be cool. Lying and instigating is very routine
10,
10,I enjoyed watching it.Born in the 90s, I didn't know why Turkey is a brother country with our country.
10,I cried my eyes out throughout the movie It's a very moving movie. It leaves a big impression
10,Now I've seen Ayla. It's a rare masterpiece. For those who haven't seen it, please watch it. Thanks to you, Korea exists today. I will always be thankful with my heart.
10,It's such a touching movie
10,
10,I'm interested in war movies and real stories, but it's my first time writing a movie score I had to go to work, but I wanted to see the plot and so I watched it early in the morning. I didn't waste a minute and a second It's so lingering. I am going to watch a documentary at home after work.
10,It's such a touching true story
10,
10,
10,As I imagined the painful wounds of our country a long time ago, it must have been a difficult time for me, who was young, to think and sympathize with. I think it's very moving in the midst of a desolate war. In the end, "Daddy" who kept his promise is so cool. It's a touching and heartwarming movie.
10,I think it will be remembered as a movie of my life.
10,
8,I think it was more touching because it was a movie based on a true story. Especially, it's not easy to take care of a child from another country like your own. Perhaps the relationship between the two is as strong as blood ties connected them.
10,Humanity and love beyond time and space...
10,Touching... Touching again...  It's been a while since I saw a luxury movie.
10,
10,Tears welled upIt was so touchingI'll never forget the Turkish veteransThank you. Thank you
10,Your acting was good. Ayala and the Turkish guy's acting was good
10,It was the best until the end It's going to last long
10,It was so fun and touching.
10,It's actress Kim Seol... Really... It's so cool that he memorizes lines and acts like this. I'm so curious about what he's going to do in the future
10,
10,I cried a lot. It's a great movie
10,Tears for the first time in a while.I watched a movie with a runny nose. Good
10,It's amazing that it's based on a true story. I'm so thankful and thankful. I won't forget.
10,It's my favorite movie. Turkey... Thank you It makes my heart warm
10,I cried a lot They say it's Turkey, the country of brothers, but I didn't know why. What a trick!It's a waste of 10 stars.
10,It's sad, happy, sad, and touching
10,
10,I heard about Turkey, the country of brothers, but I felt a lot after watching this movie.Thank you. Thank you.I want to say that.It was so touching.When Arirang rang out, I cried when Ayla called me dad.I want to keep it, watch it, and watch it again
10,I'm so sorry I didn't get to see this movie in theaters. Thank you to all the veterans
10,Oh, I burst into tears. Thank you Thank you, Tuggy Ayla
10,
10,Let's be nice to the Turks
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,It was a great movie. Watch it twice
10,
10,It's a movie that will be remembered forever!
10,It's the best. I really want to go to TurkeyThank you for making this movie
10,I was so moved the whole timeI cried my eyes out ㅠㅠ
10,Thank you for keeping your promise with the country.
10,Two years later, I saw himIt stimulates the tear glands. It's so touching
10,Turkey is a country of brothers. The country and the people who gave their lives to help our country when it was hard. We need to help a lot now. I cried while watching a movie after a long time no see. According to the records of the American soldiers, the Turkish soldiers, the Turkish soldiers were really strong. None of the captured Turkish soldiers were killed. There was a saying that it was all thanks to the hard-bred environment.
9,Thank you, Turkish veteran. Regardless of the political situation or the international situation, the Turkish people and the veterans would have been sincere.I won't forget Turkey, the country of brothers.
10,I'm touched. ㅜㅜ The war is cruel and bad, but humanity existed in it as well, too.
10,I have never been to a country. Thank you for protecting Korea that day
10,A movie that you regret if you don't watch it. I really recommend it
10,It's good to look at. It's warm
10,A movie that I happened to find and watch.I didn't know it was a true story, but I cried when the actual main character came out너무It's so sad and touchingㅠ
10,Why should I watch this movie in my room?There was no theater? There's no publicity.We look at each other with tears in our eyes Turkish soldiers were the first to support and save Korea when the crazy people killed the same people. Turkey is our brother.When COVID-19 ends, I'm going to Turkey
10,I cried for a year Turkish soldiers angels
10,I'm even more touched that it's a true story
10,Make sure to watch it!
10,Wow, this really can't stop me from crying.ㅠ.ㅠ
7,The story of a good young man who takes care of a poor baby in Manlyta. Kim Seol's fatal cuteness! The Turkish soup that you can see here and there is a disadvantage.
10,
10,I can't help but leave a review...It's such a great movie that 1,200 won is not a waste and I hope you watch it.
10,It's so touching. The actors are so good at acting, and the person who plays the role of Schleiman is so handsome. Thank you, Turkey I want to travel to Turkey after COVID-19 ends!
10,It's out of the blue, but he looks like Bae Jung Nam
10,A movie that lacks 10 points! The main character was Shuleiman himself. The best movie!
10,The story that we need to know and remember
10,It would have been a big deal if I had adopted Eilah when I was young, but it was a pity that I was living in the toilet cleaning even after I became a grandmother. ㅜㅜ Korea, where the welfare of orphans and the elderly is the lowest
10,It's the best. I really recommend it
10,
10,
10,It's a Turkish movie made by a Turkish director... It's as detailed as our country made it. The music comes out like Arirang. The actors are good at acting and Kim Seol Yang is really good. I almost fainted because I cried so much. If that's for real, I think Turkish people are so niceㅜ
10,
10,It's even more touching because it's a true story, and I'm grateful once again to the Turkish troops who participated in the war first.I saw it for the first time in the 70th anniversary of the Korean War, but I hope that the tragedy of the war will not happen again
10,
10,
10,
10,Thank you, thank you.
10,ㅠㅠ Thank you for the good movie.
10,It's a great movie even if you watch it two or three times! I strongly recommend it! I cried so muchㅜㅜ
10,Something like a movie actually happened. Thank you. I'm touched.
10,
10,We are what we are because they are they.
10,ㅠㅠ It is a moving movie.
10,I just got to know you guys who crossed the line
10,The moment I tried to hold back my tears that I almost cried after watching the movie, I was already crying!
9,It's a good movie. I'm touched by springEveryone is one
10,I cried a lot...ㅠ
8,Our history hurts when it comes to true stories. It seems like it's not enough because it's mainly Turkish, but it was pure enough
10,My heart is so warm that I want to go to Turkey
7,a tearfully moving storyNevertheless, the quality of the movie is about the movie version of "Surprise".Especially, the battle scene is like a surprise
10,
10,
10,The movie was really nice, but Turkey is not a brother country I feel so sorry for Turkey being perceived as a brother country
10,It's so much fun. You should watch it
10,Love for a child, love for a spouse. Thank you for making me realize how precious and touching the protection and understanding from love is.
10,ㅜㅜ I'm so touched.남편이 I cried with my husbandㅠ
10,It was another touching movie about war orphans, a country called Turkey!It's all the more touching that it's a true story.
1,Does it make sense that this is higher than Schindler's list? It's not a bad movie, but it's a movie with a rating of 7 or so. Children's acting interferes with the immersion
10,
10,It was very touching. Very, very.
10,It's impossible not to cry over this movie
8,It is very grateful that Turkey is a brother...^&^
10,I was grateful for Turkey and couldn't see it without tears. It's a movie that made me so happy and happy.
8,It is a well-made movie. I wanted to win the top ranking on Naver's rating list, but I don't know why it has a higher rating than Shawshank escape.
8,There was a place called Ankara Park in Suwon.The battle scene was a bit disappointing, but the story is so touching. Boom boom ㅠㅠ
1,A low-budget movie. a burst of laughter
10,
10,How dare I rate the love between the father and daughter of their daughter Ayla and Schleiman.It's a movie that I really want everyone to watch. Thank you for making a heartbreaking and warm movie!And thank you, veterans of Turkey. May he rest in peace.
10,I cried and cried the whole time.It's a must-see movie for Koreans.Thank you to all the soldiers who protected Korea.
10,
10,
10,It is more touching because it is a true story and I want all the people around the world to watch it at least once
10,Thank you again
10,Wow, I got in trouble for crying
10,I strongly recommend it. Thank you Turkey
8,I won't forget you guys.
10,I thought of my father.My late father... My father will be back.My father who saved my life. I also look forward to living with my father, just as we met again after living in longing for 60 years without forgetting each other's memories together.
10,
9,I'm sorry I just saw you ㅠㅠ Thank you. It's so nice The details were good, and the war movie focused on people rather than history, so I was able to follow the emotions well♡Schuley's the only one who's amazing. And the first one broke up well^^ I met a good partner and even got support from the reunion, so I cheered togetherㅜㅜ
10,It is such a moving movie.I had no choice but to cry at the time of separation and my heart ached.I loved the acting of the main characters and the movie that I chose as the second masterpiece of my life
10,I got in trouble for shedding tears and runny nose. Thank you, Turkish veterans!
1,It's so boring. Everything is like a third-rate movie.
9,Everything was good. Story, directing technique, and our history from a foreign perspective. It was all new and touching. However, the acting of actor Lee Kyung-jin (playing the role of adult Ayla) hindered the entire flow. He didn't concentrate much and put all his energy into it. He looked a bit insincere. Forced tears and forced facial expressions made me wonder if Lee Kyung-jin was a senior actor.  Lee Kyungjin's casting. It was a fly in the ointment. Ayla's movie is Ok and Lee Kyung-jin's casting was T.
10,yes
10,I'm so thankful that you told a true story in a movie. I'm happy to be able to feel the things that happened in personally. I'm thankful that Turkey helped our country like this. My father's love for Ayla is so touching. I don't think anyone will regret watching this movie. I strongly recommend that you watch it before you die.
2,I'm glad Ayla's trip to Turkey failed. If I went there, I would have become a Muslim
1,Turkey came to South Korea and scared little girls out of North Korean prisoners, pregnant themselves, and sent them home. They are not South Koreans, so they are hush.They live in South Korea now.Those with dark faces are of Turkish descent. It's hard to say that Korea is a Korean nationAll the cute children who look like XXX and XXX were born during the Japanese colonial era because they were scared of the weak women. The Turkish children were brought in like dogs, so it was beautiful. I'm glad it ended well...As long as our leader Moon Jae In has taken power, Turks who have been deprived of North Korean human rights must be punished.Seeing Ayla come out as a child, I think she's trying to conjure up that memory and glorify it maliciously.But why did I set up the eyeliner so young?
10,I cried my eyes out. Turkey, the country of brothers, I will remember.
10,I watched it without thinking, but I was so touched ㅜㅜ
10,I didn't know such a good movie was released and I saw it at CINEF! It's a pity that only movies invested and made by famous distributors are promoted, and good movies like these are not allowed to watch at all because of the movie theater I want to see this movie as a compulsory viewing for elementary school or middle school.In fact, the president called the head of the North Korean military division a patriot during the Korean War, and almost all the governors of the city and provincial governments were left-wing superintendents. How is this movie going to work?But a movie is a movie.It's a great movie just by artistry, but I can't believe it's a true story. I feel more affectionate.Turkish actors and actresses are great.There's a Hollywood actor who played American Soldier.The little actor who played the role of Ailee is so cute!I love you, Turkey! I have been there twice, but I want to go there again after watching this movie!Make sure to watch it! ^^ And...The movie theater sweep of famous distributors must be corrected!
10,Their sacrifice and help should always be remembered.And thank you
10,If it's re-released now, it'll definitely be 10 million Let's go for the re-release
10,My Turkish friend recommended me to watch the movie, so I put it off, and it's touching. I know a lot about Turkey thanks to my friend, but most people don't know about Turkey, so I think it would be good to watch this movie and be interested in Turkey.
10,Moon Jae-ang planned to co-release the movie in Turkey and South Korea on July 27, the anniversary of the U.N. military's participation in the Korean War, but it was postponed until it ended up being silent.It is the true story of the love of women and women across the border between Schleiman, a Turkish veteran during the Korean War, and Ayla, a five-year-old girl who became an orphan in the war.In the film, North Korea is explicitly portrayed as an object of Communist Party, enemy and defeat."Ayla," an overseas hit movie that was difficult to release in Korea
10,Sad and cute ㅠㅠㅠ It's so touching. Thank you Turkey
10,It was really good. I want to see you again
10,I finally saw it. This kind of movie needs to be known and shown a lot. It hasn't been shown for long eitherWe should not forget that there were soldiers from other countries who helped us in the past that we have now and we can enjoy all of this development. Thank you for the courage you have devoted to other countries at a young age.
10,I really enjoyed watching it. The actors' acting was great, and it was really touching.Unfortunately, I don't understand why these movies are so unpopular and there are so few theaters.Whether it was because of the social atmosphere or the monopoly of large corporations, would there have been many people who were uncomfortable because the pro-North Korean left was overflowing?If it had been released two years earlier, it would have reached 10 million viewers
1,Why is it so flat?I think I made a movie from a Turkish perspective, but I'm not impressed. It is not because there is no sense of history, but it is just not fun. 8 points is appropriate...
6,A perfect score simply for the public and a zero for the audience of the movie. The content is not bad because it is a simple reconstruction of a true story. But it's not so good as a movie.
10,I looked up MBC Special It's touching.Thank you to all the Turkish war heroes who spent a month young and sacrificed their lives in other countries
10,
10,If we talk about visual beauty and directing, of course, it will be behind other movies, but it was very touching in that it was produced based on a realistic story. In the current unpredictable international situation, I've heard a lot that Turkey is pursuing only practicality. In fact, where and how many countries don't pursue practicality? Everyone is bound to be blocked and collapsed by the wall of reality. But what we need to remember is that one of the reasons we can exist now is that we lean on someone's sacrifice.We must not forget that Turkey has definitely helped us, even if the present state is disappointing and unreliable.These days, when individualism is prevalent, most people are thinking that I should live my life on my own, but we have not forgotten history, so many people are joining the boycott of Japan, even at the expense of my small inconvenience. This is the power of education and we must not forget the historical facts because we are the descendants of our ancestors, whether stupid or wise.And we must also not let go of our thanks to those who helped us as ancestors of our descendants.It was just a help for us, but someone who helped us is a person who has lived for decades and has dedicated some of it to us.
10,In the movie, 60 percent of the Korean troops are lost and the U.S. forces are forced to retreat to the North, and Fang Tak-hoi knows that the Korean troops are a mess and plans to surround and destroy themEven though he is a Korean, he wrote an interpreter because he did not understand Korean. He served as the Minister of Defense as well as Rhee Syng-man and Park Jeong-hee's administration In 2005, Roh Moo Hyun took the initiative to oppose the recall of operational control of Roh Moo Hyun with 52 generals behind him, which Roh Moo Hyun says should be ashamed of itself in public.)
10,I really focused from the beginning to the end.Totally touched
10,Korea exists today because all the countries that participated in the war. Thank you.
10,
10,
10,I couldn't see without tears ㅠㅠIt was a movie of my life ㅠㅠ It made me think about history and it was a great movie
10,It's sad and the time we spent together is beautiful
10,Turkey is our brother!
10,I will buy a lot of Turkish ice cream...
10,I was moved and happy in the last scene
10,Thank you so much to my brother's country, Turkey.
10,For the first time, I have a rating. I like movies, but it's the best movie ever Make sure to watch it. It's my first time crying while watching a movie
10,
10,Turkey, thank you. I hope there are more movies like this
10,Turkey, thank you.ㅜㅜ
10,The last one was so touching.
10,It was a touching movie
8,How can I love you like my biological parents with a relationship that I met for a short time?It was so touching that I would miss and keep my promise for the rest of my life.
10,At first, I just watched the movie without thinking, but it was so different from the war movie I usually watched, and it was the most impressive movie because it gave me several times more impression. After seeing Ayla, I can't help but feel the lingering emotions. Actors' acting skills also increase their immersioncrying,,
10,As expected. If Moon Jae In were Park Geun Hye, this movie wouldn't have come out, but it definitely shows the difference
10,What I felt after watching this movie is that I want to meet the woman who married Schleiman The movie is so touching The war scene is a little sloppy, but...
10,Why didn't many people watch this good movie?
10,It's a very moving movie ㅜㅜ I recommend it
10,I didn't even know this movie was in the world until I saw the YouTube review
10,It's my first time crying while watching a movie, and it's my first time to leave a rating. ㅠㅠT
10,If a person doesn't know grace, I think again that he is not a person.Mr. Schleiman. Thank you so much for your love and humanity.
10,Turkey, thank you실I'm going to see you reunite and I'm going to cry and leave a rating
10,It's such a good movie. I went to the movie theater and cried, runny nose, drooled, and the pain of war... The importance of family. And love beyond the country.It's such a shame that there are less than 50,000 viewers
10,It's been a while since I cried my eyes out
10,It's a collaboration, but it's actually a Turkish movie Turkish movies are like Indian movies and independent moviesIn the beginning of the movie, the Turkish soup is slightly added, but the main character, Shleiman, meets Ayla, and the later part of the movie, the director and the story are really touching. In the ending credit, the pictures and background of the actual characters are very similar to the movie Even though it's an old story, there's a trace of trying to embody the actual facts as much as possible It was a short time, but Shleiman and the Turkish soldiers, who gave Ayla love like a daughter, did not forget Ayla, and they remembered her being grandmother There's a documentary made by MBC, so please watch it
10,Thank you. I'll remember that
10,I enjoyed it so much Turkey, thank you
10,It was such a heartbreaking and touching true story. I knew why Turkey was called a brother's country, but seeing it vividly in this video made me even more grateful for the courage and sacrifice of the warring nations.
10,I'm tearing up
10,I can't believe I just found out such a good movie ㅠㅠ
10,I cried more because it was a true story. I'm touched
10,I watched it with tears and runny nose. ㅠㅠT
10,It was my first time to see a Turkish movie, but the material was excellent, the directing was good, the acting was good, and the beauty of the video... There was nothing missing.
10,It's my life movie. Make sure you watch it. It's so touching
10,I thought the one I was going to take in my bag was an adaptation, but the interview turned out to be real.Baba, thank you.
10,Oh, my tears are coming out of my eyes. My nose and top of my head are choking me up. Sigh...
10,Thank you. Ugh ㅠㅠ
10,The child actor's acting is no joke.
10,It's a really touching movie. How hurtful it must have been to lose your parents in the war and leave your foster father, whom you trusted and relied on.Go
10,I didn't even know there was a movie like this. I'm so glad I met Ayla before Mr. Schleiman died. How much did you think she was your own daughter? She's going to put it in her bag. How much I loved her, how much I wanted to take her with me. I feel like 60 years is not enough
1,Please stop rating fishing, you selfish people! How can this movie be 9 points? It's a waste of six points too--
10,I cried my eyes out.War hurts so much anywhere in the world.Thank you to all the countries that participated in the war for helping our country achieve well so far. Thank you Turkey more for this movie!
10,I'm so touched
10,It's better than a parasite. I'll give you 10 points first
10,It's so touching.
10,Thank you. Thank you
10,What a moving movie!I should thank the Turkish country and the people!
10,Is this for real? ㅜㅜ How could there be someone like this ㅜㅜ A storm of tears...A child born in the heart of a child born in the heart...I can understand and relate to it, but my heart is fluttering  Thank you very much.♡♡♡
10,It's all comic and touching It's a perfect
10,It's a must-see movie at this time of year
10,I'm touched. I watched it with Sunny
10,It's a heartbreaking movie. Thank you for finding out lateㅜㅜ I cried in the storm...
10,Thank you. Thank you.
10,It's the best!!! ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,This is our true brother... The humanity beyond that...
10,I'm touched. Turkey, thank you. I won't forget!
10,It's been a while since I was touched ㅜㅜ
10,It's been a long time since I watched a touching movie. I'm crying endlessly Make sure to watch it
10,It's so touching.My heart feels warm.Turkey, thank you ^^ ㅠ ㅠ
10,I'm so touched. Thank you, Turks
10,It warms my heart.
10,I don't get a high score, but I think I have to... I was touched because I felt the warmth throughout the whole time. I squeezed it while I was tearing off the chicken leg. I strongly recommend it.
10,History should be remembered.
10,I was so moved that I cried while watching it. Thank you ♥♥♥
10,It's an unforgettable movie.
10,I'm so touched. I wish more people could see it ㅠㅠ I'm sorry I didn't see it last year when it was showing ㅠㅠ
10,Why are you so sad? I enjoyed watching it
10,I watched it with tears in my eyes. It was so touching that I could not forget and miss war orphans in other countries all my life
10,the love of mankind in warThank you to everyone who made me feel the warmth with my whole body.
1,Put subtitles on Korean actors' lines. I don't understand what they're saying
10,I hope more people can see it
9,Maybe because the movie was based on a true story, it was so touching and I found out that the Turkish army helped South Korea! And I was so touched to see you after 60 years, and I was so sad when I saw the last actual video I really recommend this movie!
10,It's so touching. It's a must-see movie.
10,I happened to watch it with my parents and I watched it while sobbing. I really recommend itㅠㅠㅠㅠ!!!
10,a love between father and daughter beyond nationalityIt's not a forced story. It's so catchy. Look at it if you haven't seen it Certainly
10,I'm so touched. Thank you to Turkey
10,It's just plain. But why can't I stop crying? Thank you so much for participating in the war without hesitation in a foreign land far away from home to see even if your family lives. The 34th place match of the 2002 World Cup was so touching.
10,There are a lot of people who don't know that Turkey is among the participating countries participated in the war. I don't only blame Japanese textbooks, but I also want Korean textbooks to be truly well-made.Thank you very much, Mr. Schleiman.
10,A movie that Koreans must watch before they die
10,hizmetiniz i?in te?ekk?r ederim
10,It is a very moving movie
10,I cried for the first time in a while ㅠㅠI think this is a movie.
10,The movie was fun and touching.Long live Turkey! Thank you!
10,I knew Turkey was our brother country, but it seemed a long way off, and I realized I was grateful again. I sincerely thank you for your unrequited help in painful history, and I hope the two countries can develop together.
10,It was my first time to get a rating after watching a movie. I was really touched and I was so impressed that I looked into this and that and watched a documentary If you know this movie like me, I hope you watch it I won't forget. Loyalty of Turkey!
8,The meeting and memories of Schleiman and Ayla are cute and fun. When Schleiman returned to Turkey, he wanted to find Ayla, but he couldn't find her, but fortunately, he found her with the help of the broadcaster.
10,I'm touched by the fact that it's a true story! Turkey, thank you!
10,Turkey. Thank you and I don't forget.
10,A movie you can't watch without tears
10,Human love is love.I hope you prepare your handkerchief and get ready
10,I got in trouble because I cried all the time. Sir Schleiman, I understand you died shortly after you met your daughter Ayla ㅠㅠ I pray for the repose of the deceasedThank you. I won't forget
10,If you search for the 60th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Korea and Turkey on Google, you can see the 2017 March 07.733. It's more touching than the movie, so if you watched the 2010 Chuncheon MBC production, please watch it
10,I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now명It's a masterpiece. Everyone, look!^^
1,The grateful and heartbreaking history of the past is true, but the movie is not fun. You shouldn't give such a high rating. You have to evaluate the movie. A low-budget movie. Directing and acting below the third grade... It's more than once that I lost my time and money believing in Naver's rating.
10,I was moved and wept throughout the show. I'll never forget it. Thank you.
10,It was a huge hit in Turkey, and many people said they watched it with tears in their eyes, but we didn't even promote it.   It's true that this government is uncomfortable with movies like this.
10,Let's forget the soldiers who died for a strange country. Thank you.
10,Papa... I can't forget that word.
10,I'm tearing up just by looking at the preview. I'm scared to watch it.
10,It's a movie that I cried a lot after a long timeI found out through this movie that Turkey participated first.  I guess journalists and critics do it.
10,58481002556 It was just the best movie.
10,It's a touching piece that shows the patriotism of God  It's a movie that the whole family should watch together for educational purposes  It's a touching piece that children and adults have to learn a lot from
10,The true story is more touching than the novel
10,It's such a touching movieMy heart that's making me sad.
10,It's a very touching movie. A movie that I want to show you.
10,There's no need for wordsLook.
10,The reason why I'm crying is because people in Turkey were like brothers in our country Touching ^^
10,Touching movie. It's even more sad to hear that it's a true story.I strongly recommend it.
10,Thank you so much, brother's country
10,It's such a sad and touching movie. I can't believe it's a true story. I cried a lot while watching the movie.
6,There is no meaningful movie or fun about portraying the humanity of the Korean War. I think the shooting went well. Let's not forget the painful part of our country's history.
10,Touching and touching...I wanted to remember it as a brother's country for a long time
10,The group that likes this movie the most is a man in his 30s.Most of the people who cried over the reviews here are men in their 30s like me.I'm glad I wasn't the only one who cried
10,I don't cry often, but I cry
10,I'm touched by the Turkish love!
10,Sigh... Thank you so much, Schleiman.It is a moving movie.I hope you can do this on a TV channel~~
10,It's a touching true story. It remains a famous line that promises must be kept.
10,the mid-fiftiesI didn't cry despite all the hardships, but I cried my eyes out.
10,Turkey, the country of brothers. Thank you
10,Oh my! I watched it without thinking, but I was surprised because it was so fun. You can look at this. But why did this fail? It's super fun. I'm so touched
10,Making a moving story into a movie
10,56975524870 I thought it was just an adaptation, but it was a true story. If something happens to Turkey, I will definitely go to help!
10,I cried a lot because I was empathized even though I didn't break up with my family.
10,I flew from the other side of the earth and found a Korean orphan that I had never seen before. Thank you so much for your warm hands. I won't forget it I love you.
10,I watched it because a Turkish friend I met while traveling recommended it to me, but I watched it with tears in my eyes. Turkey, thank you so much
10,A movie that was both sad and gloomy. I hope there's no war again.
10,I didn't even think about it.
10,Wow... I've never cried watching a movie
10,I'm touched. Shouldn't we give him an award?
10,South Korea and Turkey. And I pray for the prosperity and peace of the United Nations warring nations who participated in the war to protect democracy
10,I'm so touched It's the best movie everIt made my heart cry even more because you did such a good job. Thank you
10,Turkey is the first country to come to our country when requesting support for the Korean War. Don't forget.
10,Turkey says we're a country of brothers, but we don't knowI think our history education is problematic. I want you to know our lost ancient history right away and raise national consciousness.It's a more moving movie because it's a true story.
10,Open Distance: Why Account for Harvard in France?
10,It's such a touching movie. I know it from the beginning, but once again, I'd like to thank everyone who participated in the Korean War.
7,It might be a little boring, but I'm grateful that I was able to do that and that in the war of madness.And a woman who married later is much more thoughtful and nice than a woman who wears them backwards.  In the end, it's a gain. lol
10,It's the best movie ever. Beyond the gloom of war, it made me feel the unity of everyday life. Even if you are rejected by a critic, it's a Korean-News touch. Because of this warmth. With such warm veterans, we must overcome this hellish war and live hard now, which is a truce.
1,This is not a true story as the video of the North Korean military slaughtering civilians comes out from the beginning.
10,I cried a lot while laughing ㅠㅠ You really made a good moviecrying
10,This is what a movie is like! It is more meaningful that it is a foreign movie set in our country.
10,Wow... the last war orphans 1xxx and then 1.5 million in Turkey... Adoption... Wow... Skipping the country... We're in sync.
10,I really focused and enjoyed it It's so touching that it's a true story. I think it'll be a memorable moviecrying
8,Even though the production was somewhat insufficient, the story development was very good. Since it was a true story, it was good to switch to a documentary, but the power at the beginning was so good that it was a little disappointing from the peak to the end. I was so touched that I wished him well, but the ending... Anyway, the Schleiman wife seems to have met very well
10,Ayla is the best war movie ever. It's love.
10,It's a really touching movie. It's a shame I couldn't see it in the theater. It's a master
10,It's so touching  Turks...
10,I don't know what to say.What's certain is that it's one of the top three movies of my life.
1,Don't trust NAVER's rating
10,Turkey also wears rubber shoes backwards
10,That's a really good movie. It's more touching because it's a true story.
10,It's the best. The whole time I watch it, it's a lot.
10,a disaster in the history of Korea for five thousand years the People's Republic of Korea Many souls were hurt by their brutality. And here's the pain of a soft girl we didn't know. But the cumulative number of visitors... It is a pity that mass-production films of "Pyeonghwa Propagation" are filmed millions afterwards. I can't believe this movie is a red herring.
10,The most memorable moment was when Ayla started talking
10,We must not forget all those who have made noble sacrifices for our country.
10,I can't get tired of it. It's a touching movie
10,ㅜㅜ I wish I could meet you sooner
10,Thank you to all the countries that helped the Korean War And thank youThe movie is so touching. Make sure to watch it!
10,It was so touching and I enjoyed it was fun.I hope to make a lot of movies like this kind of movie
10,Thank you and thank you.We are here because of your sacrifice. I won't forget.  Thank you ....
10,For those who haven't watched it, make sure to watch it
10,The best film, the most touching, fun, and the part about adoption, makes me think about Turkey again
10,There is resistance to Islam, but Turkey is different
10,It's my life's work without saying much. I'm glad I watched this movie while I was alive.
10,Turkey, Schleiman Aliilanimet. I love you all, journalists
10,It's so touching ㅠㅠ I enjoyed it
10,I hope you watch it. It's really touching.
10,I know what it's about, but I can't help but cry. I'm so glad I met you again.
10,I would like to express my condolences to the Turgi soldiers who died in the war, who first responded to the U.S. military request in the event of the Korean War. Thank you Sergeant Schleiman for being Ayla's father
10,After watching this movie, I decided to help Turkey no matter what
10,After the Korean War broke out, Turkey was the first country to come after the U.S., so I thought it was a country of brothers.There was such a touching true storyNi ㅜㅜ It's touchingㅜㅜ
10,Fifteen million people have seen extreme jobs, but does it make sense that only 40,000 people have seen this great movie? I should've done a lot of PR at the national level. I'm speechless.
10,They protected us, so we have Korea now. I will never forget the blood and dedication I shed for this small country.
10,It's so touching. Thank you to all the countries that helped us
10,Thank you. Thank you
10,Thank you. Grab your collar and get 10 points
10,It's a movie that Koreans should watch a lot. It's more touching because it's a true story, and I like videos and music. I strongly recommend it.
10,Turkey brother!!
10,I was bored on Sunday, so I was going to watch an action war movie, but I watched it without knowing the storyline. The audience is 430,000...Let's increase the number of theaters and re-release them.Turkey is a very grateful country
10,It was touching. It was sad
10,It was a movie that impressed me deeply because I am human. I changed my position and thought if I had been Mr. Schleiman, would I have done it like him? I extend my deepest respect and appreciation to Mr. Suleiman for his humanity.
10,It's a movie that has to be re-released and popular
10,I'm so touched.Tears
10,It's a heart-warming movie.  The father's heart to keep his promise with his daughter ㅠㅠ It's heartbreaking. And the critics need to tear their heads apart Critics' comments seem to be a gag magazine as to whether he slept during the movie.
10,It's a highly praised movie. Very artistic lessons and touching
10,It's so touching.ㅜㅜ The video and the music are so beautiful and I hope Ayla and her father are happy
10,It's a heartwarming movie.
10,I will never forget how grateful I am to the Turkish warriors who protected our country. I hope more people will watch this movie!
10,Once again, I would like to thank Turkey and the warring nations for their help.
10,I can't watch without tears ㅠㅠ
10,I've never expected such a happy ending while watching a movie. It desperately captures the love between two countries between two generations that cannot be harmonized.
10,It's one of the top five movies of my life.  It's been a while since I cried my eyes out. ㅠ.ㅠ
10,The best sensitivity story!
10,It's the best movie that's coming out these days, but I don't know why it ended in such a hurry. It was very popular in Turkey and it was a hit
2,It feels like it's made after a famous foreign war movie.I was forced to ask for a good grade, so I got caught...(Shaking)
10,I cried, my wife cried, and my three puppies cried
10,It's the best movie of my life Thank you.
10,As time goes by, it still lingers.I don't usually cry when I watch movies, but I spilled a lotHaha
8,The story was really touching, but it was like watching a two-hour surprise reenactment.
10,I really cried a lot. . I'm so touched. Why didn't I meet you two earlier? God is indifferent. He's so affectionate. Oh... Maybe it's because he's a different religion.
10,Thank you. Thank you Korail
10,I'm so touched!
1,The story is touching, but that's it.Historical historical historical records show Korea as a Chinese fake, and the background music is a Turkish fourth-rate film.It's a waste of time and electricity to download and watch
10,The emotions I endured at the last ending credit burst out.
10,It's so touching I don't need any other expression. No, I can't
10,It was the best movie full of humanity It's a movie full of love and emotion. It's a movie that taught me what love is
10,Really... It wasn't during 2002 World Cup for no reason... I didn't know anything except Turkish kebab, but I'm learning how to make a precious relationship.Your acting skills are amazing!
10,It's so touching. I was wondering why Turkey is a brother country during the World Cup, but after watching this movie, I understand. He helped me a lot. We didn't know that. The last reunion scene made me cryㅜㅜ
10,Wow, I have nothing to say the real thing
10,It can't be more touching. It's my first time getting a GPA. I really want everyone to watch this movie. I didn't know there was a history like this, but it's a relief that I found out. This is what it means to say that it's really, really, really indescribable It's truly touching.
10,Why don't people know such a perfect work!!! It was so touching.
2,It's a very long surprise
1,Don't manipulate the score, you punk
7,It was touching.Turkey is a brother
10,The movie that my mom would like warms my heart
10,It's sadder and more touching
10,Wow, this movie is really ㅜㅜ
10,I cried a lot because I was in the position of a father with two daughters
9,Our story is so painful. You cried a lot. I would be very proud if we changed our position and did this in another country. In any case, there should be no war on this land again.
6,History distortion. The People's Army captured and killed the landlords. The U.S. Army and Syngman Rhee drove the Reds to slaughter, and more were slaughtered than the dead
10,This should be an issue and reach 10 million viewers, but there were so few theaters that I couldn't watch it ㅠㅠ
10,It's an amazing movie. I can't believe it's real
10,Thank you, Turkish veterans. I'll always be thankful
10,You have to watch it Watch movies and documentariesㅜㅜ
10,Just as Schleiman extended his hand to Ayla, another Schleiman protected so many Ayla It was so touching and touching
10,A really funny movie...
10,It's a really touching movie.I need to be nice to Turkish people
10,The movie expresses the pain of the war well without provocative scenes through soldiers and orphans who dispatched troops in the background of the times of war, and it is even more touching because it is a true story.It is so touching that even elementary school students can watch it for educational purposes at least once, and it is a useful movie that makes them realize a lot about war
10,It's so touching. Don't forget our history
10,Thank you, Turkish brothers
10,It's so touching. It's fun.
10,It's a touching story of crying and laughing.
10,Thank you. I can't get over it
10,If the movie is a true story, why didn't it run in theaters?  I don't understand the total audience of 40,000 --
10,It's a war that shouldn't have happened. It's a love of humanity that was conceived in line.
10,It's the best movie no matter how many times I watch it
10,It is my life movie.Make sure to watch it.
10,It was a little disappointing, but I was moved.
10,I'm so touched. ㅠㅠ Seol is so cute
10,Nam Joo's chemistry with Schleiman and Ayla is so good ㅠㅠ Touching ㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching. I think more people should watch this movie
7,If it's this big of a movie, I can cry while watching it, right?
10,It's the best. It's my first time getting a rating
10,I think it's a movie that all Koreans should watch.War must never happen again.
10,Turkey is a brother. It's really touching. I think I saw a movie that is really like a movie this year.
10,It's so much fun. Good, good, good
10,It's so touching and it's like a true story
10,Wow, I don't need to say anything. Jinju is so cute, she acts so well, and she's really touching
10,Oh, my. I was crying. I was embarrassed.
1,I'll give you 1 point to get the average score
10,It's a masterpiece. I highly recommend it to those who haven't seen it.
10,I really like movies.
10,Thank you! Thank you again!
10,Make sure you watch it... Make sure to watch it. Please watch it again I'll say this for the last time Make sure to watch it.
1,It's a touching story, but the rating is too high.
10,I saw a documentary about this movie, but it came out as a movie. I cried too much after watching the movie.
10,It's a Turkish movie, so I watched it without much thought, but it makes me cry and write comments.
10,Usually, war movies are all about winning or losing, but this movie is completely different.Regardless of whether the two countries win or lose, it makes me feel the pain of war too humanly
10,Why did I watch such a good movie now? leave a lingering impression
7,I'm so sleepy.
10,I am a student, but I didn't know in detail because I didn't handle it well in Korean history class, but I got to know in detail after watching this movie Thank you so much and it's a pity that Korean people seem to forget about it
10,Thank you. Thank you very much. This movie made me realize why war should disappear from this land and what is peace and love. I don't put the meaning of this movie on paternal love or touching true story.I want people all over the world to be alert to war and cry for peace.
10,Why was this movie not a box office hit? I'm full of regrets. What if it was released in winter? It could have melted many people's hearts in this cold winter when everything was frozen. If there is a plan to reopen, I hope it will be done in winter. I hope more people will see it
10,Turkey is a country of brothers ㅠㅠ thank you for being the first to express your intention to participate in the Korean War.
10,I haven't seen the movie yet, but thanks to your dedication.Thank you very much.  Brother...
10,I can't stop crying. It is one of the best movies of 2018. Critics have so many pro-North Korean critics. I understand the rating.
10,Touching ㅠㅠ Turkey's Brotherhood. Thank you brothers!
10,10 points is not enough!!! Turkey must be our true brother country! I learned that many contents are distorted in history books. I think we should continue to thank Turkey.I was more focused because it was a true story, and I'm glad we got to meet again even though it's late!
10,Movies that you want to recommend to others
10,A movie that learns the true cruelty of North Korea. Heartbreak doesn't go away after seeing it.
10,Tears welled up...crying
10,It's a true story. It's heart-warming. Stormy tears
10,Before I watched the movie, I watched the documentary produced by Chuncheon MBC on YouTube. I couldn't stop crying. Ayla broke up when she was young and now she has gray hair.I'm touched by the movie. I was deeply moved by Uncle Schleiman's love
9,I just saw it. Overlapped with the kids who went to Poland
10,It's a sad, fun, and touching movie.It is a masterpiece... The scene of overcoming the wounds of war with love is so beautiful, and seeing old Ayla made me cry again because I thought how hard life must have been...
10,It's my first time writing a movie score, and I think it's my first time crying in my heart while watching a movie, so I watched it alone at home I hope you all watch this movie
10,Turkey where warm people live.They think we're brothers, but we're not.Turkey's unrequited love for Korea is heartbreaking movie Ayla.
10,A movie that Koreans should watch.
10,Why don't you watch it? ㅠㅠ It's one of the movies I really want you to watch.Turkey is a brother country and we must be grateful
9,I'm glad I met you. It is all the more touching because the movie is based on a true story.I'm glad to see you again alive.We spent a year together and missed 60 years...Just thinking about it makes my heart ache...
10,After watching the movie, I watched the documentary of 'Coreaila' produced by Chuncheon MBC. My face is swollen because I cried so much Moon Jae InIf it weren't for the regime, it would have been a hit and it would have become a big issue. Too bad. You're not comfortable with the North Korean goblin's atrocities, are they?
10,I knew it after watching the M HQ broadcast, but it's still touching... Turkey, thank you.
10,My favorite movie...I wiped my nose so much that it stings
10,I can't believe it's based on a totally touching reality
10,I cried. Thank you. :)
10,I pay my respects to Shuleiman's Korean daughter
10,Best movie of the year. It's the best ever
10,I hope you can watch a lot of movies like this in theaters
10,It's a story that makes me think about humanity again. It's touching
8,Park Pyungsik's review is "Daehan News" style trash review
10,I am very moved because I am reminded of my gratitude to Turkey and the movie is based on a true story. I strongly recommend it.
9,It is one of the top three war movies of all time. I cried my eyes out.
10,Ali ㅠㅠ I took off my hat and took a picture and I felt like I was going to die ㅠㅠ
10,I can't believe Korea has changed like this. This was the most impressive line.
10,Wow... I didn't know it was a real story, but I was so sad and moved. It was even more touching because it was a real story
10,No, I didn't know why this movie didn't have many movie theaters on the screen.It is a pity that such a disastrous result would not have come out if the promotion had been done properly If it's released again, I'm going to watch it again at the theater I think it's a good movie to watch twice
10,It's so touching.Let's all remember
10,I cried a lot after a long time ㅠㅠ Turkey, thank you
10,OOO in our theater knows how to play idol bad acting movies and nothing to do. I just found out while watching YouTube. Is this promotion for real?
10,It's the best movie ever Make sure to watch it
10,It's such a moving story ㅜㅜ
10,Why isn't this working? You don't even know if there's a movie like the ocean in the ocean
10,Ah.. I cried throughout the movieTurkey, thank you so much
10,This is a 40,000-viewer movie? I hope all 40 million people watch it.
10,It's really touching. It's amazing that it's a true story
10,Regardless of the fun of the movie, love is a movie that shows dust.It is never a waste of time. If you look at it from a different perspective, it's a great movie...But it's so sad ㅜㅜ
10,10 points, 10 points, 10 points...
9,굿 굿 굿 굿 굿
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that's like a movie
4,It is based on a true story and it is a good movie, but I could have visited Korea for nearly 50 years after the end of the war, but the gap is too big to explain the urgency
10,MACHINE GUNWAL: After this war, no one but the Turks will be remembered. Over time, history remembers Turkey like this
10,It's a masterpiece. The best movie ever
10,Why we should not forget Turkey
10,It's touching. About the people who participated in the Korean War, a must-see movie. Thank you!
10,That's cool. It's touching.
10,It was so touching. If you haven't watched it, make sure to watch it
10,Wow, it's been a while since I had stormy snow...(Crying)
10,Make sure to watch it. It's been a while since I watched all the movies, so I don't leave a lot of reviewsTears and runny nose ㅠㅠ It was even more heartbreaking when I said it was a true story If you don't know if you're going to watch it or not, I'd like to thank the Turkish soldiers who participated in the Korean War
10,Oh, really... I cried my eyes out.
9,I'm so touched. Please watch it
10,It was touching  I'm crying
10,Actor Kim Seol is seriously cute...
10,It is a very good movie. It's the first movie that I've used for more than 10 years on NAVER but left a rating.
10,It couldn't have been more touching.Your acting, sound, and visuals are perfect ~~
10,A good movie... "Roll."
10,It's touching. I'm touched
9,It was touching based on a true story
10,It's so touching. Even if I know the story, I cry
10,I mean, if you can't make a movie based on the true story of making a movie or making a good movie, you're making a good dog or a bird. ^^ㅗ
10,Fake peace and control of the press are putting these good films to rest ㅜ
10,I'm 35 years old.It's been a while since I cried ㅠㅠ
10,It was so sad and touching ㅠㅠ Kim Seol, you acted so well like Ayla. It makes me cry just thinking about how much I've been fond of the battlefield ㅜㅜ
10,I'm going to give you a rating at this point, and I'm giving you a rating of 10 as a completely pure individual, not a part-time job.Are you ready to cry? It's going to be a sea of tears.Ignore the movie critic's score. It's ridiculous -- I'm definitely going to skip those trash movie critics from now on.
10,Thank you. I was moved by the fact that they made this kind of movie.
10,I cried like crazy
5,I'm not an inhuman person. It's a bit childish
10,It was really impressive. If you haven't seen it, please watch it!
10,There's a story and there's a touching story.We're here at someone's expenseㅠㅠ Heartbreak...
10,The movie itself is just making, but the emotion is powerful.
10,Don't forget the Korean War, lefty government
10,It's so sad and touching...
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It's a movie that captures both emotion and fun. Thank you and thank you to the Turkish warriors.
10,It is a movie that I want to give 10 points just for letting me know the beautiful story. I don't want to judge it by historical evidence or anything else ㅠㅠ Schleigh is such a wonderful person and I respect him!
9,It's a touching movie. Turkey, the country of brothers
10,Thank you, Turkish veterans
1,It's really bad. Kids are kids.
10,40,000 viewers... I think this movie is worth more than the Avengers. This is something the film industry should reflect on, not the audience.
10,Ah.. It's so touching ㅜㅜ
10,I've rarely left a review, but it's really touching. What is war? I don't think there is a heartbreaking, sad, and warm war movie like this in the eyes of others. I wish I had been more popular.
10,Thank you very much.I think it was sad and touching that love, the best value of man, bloomed in the environment of war that represents inhumanity
6,I'm really bad at making movies
10,마지막에 I cried a lot at the end crying
10,I wanted to see it, but I forgotㅠㅠ The movie I watched with corn ㅠㅠ I cried at dawn and was so moved that I came to evaluate it ㅠㅠ
10,It's not as good as a work of art, but the story itself is touching
10,I can't believe it was a true story.I was so emotional.
6,It's a miraculous true story, but the early welcome to Dongmakgol + mid to late and the overall atmosphere is full of mysterious TV surprises...
10,Ismail, who plays Schleiman, is so handsome I'm your fan. I love you so much. I love you so much
10,It's so touching ^^^^!
10,Thank you ㅜㅜ This kind of movie should have been a hit ㅜㅜ
10,I couldn't stop crying in the last scene
10,It's my first time writing like this, but this is a true story. It's more like a movie than a movie I was really touched.
10,It's a must-see movie.
10,I went to the multipurpose room and cried because I was afraid I would get caught crying. Watch it. Watch it twice
10,I cried a lot. It's my favorite movie
10,The story of warm Schleiman and Ayla is a true story, so it's more sad and beautiful
10,The wife of the woman who played Ayla's father is so pretty Totally my style ㅜㅜ
8,The production is not good enough, but the story touches my heartI was touched by the warm heart of Shuleiman, a Turkish man
10,I cried a lot. Nam Joo's acting is so good. Please rate it. It's a must-see movie
9,Thank you, Grandpa Suleiman of Turkey, the country of brothers.
4,Turkish version of '60s anti-public film
10,A movie that Koreans should watch... Thank you to the Turks.
10,Thank you so much for making a good movie
10,It's my first time to get a movie evaluationThank you for making the movie
10,I paid for the TV and watched it. I should have watched it earlier. I wonder why I watched it now. It's so touching
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
10,Thank you Turkish veterans.Also, I would like to thank all the warriors and the country for participating in the Korean War. It's such a touching movie.
10,I think Ayla was all of us. Thank you, Grandpa Schleiman~~
10,A must-see movie!You'll regret it if you don't watch it
10,The emotion of the real story makes my heart overflow!
10,Big distributors.It was screened nationwide at home, but was there no theater for such a popular drama? Where are the left and right in a human film like this?
10,What words do we need? I really recommend it
10,I felt sorry and thankful for Turkey from the start to the end of the movie. And I really want to recommend this movie to many people
10,I watched a movie.I was so touched!
10,I hope many people watch it  Thank you for the good movie
10,Dad, you kept your promise
10,Please enjoy it. I'm so moved that I'm crying all night
10,I don't understand why the box office didn't work
10,It was so touching to see you again at the end! Ankara! Ankara! It's addictive
10,I'm so touched. Thank you to the Turks at that time
10,The production and story flow may be a little sloppy, but I want to be the emotion of that country. Aside from all that, I think it's a story that's calm and touching story. It felt like I was watching a documentary, but I started to cry in the second half It's so touching
10,It was a country of brothers since Goguryeo. I should've seen it at the theater. That's too bad
10,It's been a long time since I saw a good movie.Thank you.
10,It's real. It'sweet story.
10,Turkey is the director who made a good movie?We should have made itI'm embarrassed that I feel like I'm being helped after all these years
10,It's the best... why we need to look back at history
9,Thank you very much to the veterans.I will pray that you two will meet again as father and daughter in the next life and spend more time together.
8,The audience's ratings are all high, but why are the critics saying it's Lee? I didn't know that 2 hours went by. Thanks to you, I became more interested in Turkey
1,If you drag it out, you'll get a high rating, pathetic girls
10,a film showing what transcends race, religion, and nationality
10,I can't stop crying ㅠㅠ. Please watch the documentary crying
10,I'm touched ㅠㅠ You're good at acting
10,I sincerely thank him for practicing humanity in the war. I feel grateful again for Turkey. I understand why it's a brother's country.
10,Touching tears. This is the movie
10,It's such a touching true story.I like my brother Turkey.I should eat chewy Turkish ice cream today
10,The best movie of my life... Turkish people are so nice. ㅠㅠ 가슴 A movie that really warmed my heartwarming movie.
10,A must-see movie. The main actor and child actor Kim Seol are cool and pretty, but the Turkish female actors are so pretty^^
10,ㅠㅠ Too beautiful a true story to call a true story of sadness and emotion
10,It's really touching. Thank you for having warm-hearted people.
10,It's so touching. It's the best
10,It's really touching. Kim Seol's acting is impressive. It's a shame that such a movie is neglected because there are no theaters. Turkey is a brother country.
10,It's a pity that such a good movie didn't secure many theaters. It's my life movie
10,Must-see movie ㅠㅠ That's the best
10,It was a touching movie. In the meantime, the critics are uncomfortable
10,Turkey's Brotherhood ㅠㅠㅠㅠ moving
10,It's been years since I've seen a 10-point movie.
10,I cried a lot because I was so sad
10,It is a pity that this movie is 5 million in Turkey and 50,000 in Korea. Isn't it a movie that should have been 5 million in Korea? ㅠ ㅜ
10,In Shuleiman's dream, when Ira said, "Papa, I'm here," I cried a lot.I can't sleep because I feel so emotional at night
10,I took away all my tears and runny nose. I think it's the first time I've seen a movie that made me sad, laughed, and movedㅜㅜ It's a historical study and I think it's a great movie
10,It's so sad and touching. I'll remember Turkey.
10,It's touching.What do you mean true story? ㅜㅜ
10,I'm touched. Thank you to everyone.
10,It's really the best. It's my first time getting a rating of $ after watching a movie
10,It's too late to watch such a gem-like movie.I'm glad that Ayla and Papa could meet even though it's late.I wish we had met earlier
10,It's so touching ㅜㅜ A lot of tears
10,Make sure to watch it! Elementary school!I watched it with the middle school kids.It's so touching
10,I really enjoyed it. If there were more people like Schleiman,
10,When Turkey was hit by a disaster, Korea donated a lot less than other countries And even though it was done by Japan, it made the third largest donation in the world, and Japan was shameless in saying, "I never asked you to help me without leaving Korea out of the donation list."Need to reflect on yourself
10,It's the best! You'll see when you see it.
10,There are some deficiencies, such as the quality of the work, but I think 10 points are enough just for the fact that it is a touching true story.
10,I'm so touched. I'm thankful that you risked your life to fight for the country of the Republic of Korea, but you took care of the child who lost his parents during the war like your own daughter. It was the first time in the world to respond to the dispatch of troops to Korea.I can see why you call it a brother's country.
10,Why did you know this movie now?You really don't regret it, so make sure to watch it!I'm crying my eyes out.
10,The development and composition were natural, so I could focus more on the movie. I remember the sad acting of the main characters for a long time. a fast-changing day I think it was an opportunity to look back on our painful history that we should not forget. Thank you.
10,Before I went to bed, I remembered that I kept crying from mid to late ㅜㅜ Thank you so much to Suleiman and the Turks for trying to protect me until the end on a battlefield where I didn't know if I was alive or not...I thought it was just because you said it was a brother's country on TV, but I finally understood the meaning ㅜㅜ
10,When I went on a trip to Turkey, I remembered the Turks who treated Koreans kindly, and I understood why they took care of me like that. It's a good movie. I'm touched ^^
10,Be a warm father and uncle to war orphans.I wish I'd met you sooner."Daddy lives to keep promises with children." It took me a long time to keep promises and I was moved by the beauty of them^^
10,It's a masterpiece with the best immersionIt's my first time leaving a comment
10,It's a very moving and good movie
10,It was warm the whole time I watched it
10,If you don't need words, I know. Thank you again, Turkey and the veterans
10,I can't stop cryingㅠ
10,It's my first time to talk about it I'm so touched. I'll have to find out a lot about TurkeyThank you, Turkey
10,I just saw this moving movie nowㅠ
10,Really... I'm so touched. ㅠㅠ
10,a movie that leaves a mark
10,Well, it's fun.
10,It's a great movie. It's really great.
10,It's a true story. It's so touching
10,Thank you, veterans It was a heart-warming movie.I should go eat kebab todaycrying
10,It's an amazing movie. Beyond the Best Touch
10,Thank you. Thank you. It's been a while since I've seen it to the end
10,I saw it for the third time, but I still cried again with Lee Kyung-jin's tears.
10,It's really touching...I want a lot of people to see it
10,Thank you very much, Turkish troops. It was more touching because it was a true story. The composition of the movie is good, and the song, acting, and lyrics are all immersed for 2 hours. You have to watch itㅠㅠT
1,That's the worst. Too much emotion... Half of our people are already immersed in emotions
10,I really enjoyed it. I was moved by the pretty and friendly Turkish army. It's been a long time, but I'm glad you met me before I died. Turkey's background in the movie was so beautiful that it was fun to watch the movie
5,It's touching and it's something we need to know, but it's hard to say that the movie's completeness and composition are in the 9-point range
10,It's the most touchingThe actors act so that they don't get bored at all, and there are a lot of comedy partsTurkey, thank you so much ㅜ
1,There are a lot of NAVER movie ratings. I turned it off in the middle.
10,Why can't this kind of movie get a lot of theaters? Korean movies that are trash can go to 5 million movie theaters...
10,It's so touching
10,Shut up and get 10 points for a movie like this. Thank you, veterans.
10,Judging from the critics' reviews of the movie in which North Korea appears as an enemy, all of them seem like psychotic people. I don't mean to mock the fact that pro-North Korea, pro-North Korea, and Juche ideology were quite fierce during their school days and that they were able to communicate with each other in style. Don't do it too much
10,A moving movie!  Turkey is a country of brothers. Thank you!
10,Moon Jae-ang, listen up and mourn for the overseas veterans who died because of North Korea's separation. Don't take care of North Korea, you kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk. 1One foot red Moon Jae-ang. It's ㅅㅅㄲ야1...This is a movie.OOO Moon Jae-ang! Thank you!Dude.
10,I watched it on the recommendation of an acquaintance. It's really fun
10,It's touching.I cried because I could relate to itTurkey, the country of brothers, thank you!
10,It's very touching, unlike ordinary war movies. It's not a waste of 10 points.
10,It's my first time to get a movie rating while using Naver.
10,I cried a lot in a long timecrying
10,I'm speechless.
10,I wish I could get rid of the critic's rating. In what capacity are you're a critic? He's just one of the visitors. What a critic.
1,This is the number one ranking?
10,It's so sad. It's a touching movie.
10,I strongly recommend it. It's a shame that it wasn't popular in Korea.
5,Turkish movies are developing, too. I'm still sad!
10,It was a good movie after a long time.
10,I'm tired of leaving a lot of comments, but it was so touching and I watched it while crying ㅠㅠ...I think I should work hard There are many people who are orphaned and unhappy because of the war, and I think I am happy
1,The rating is ridiculous. What is this? 9.5?
10,Make sure to watch a really touching movie Turkey, thank you.
10,I cried so much. You're the best!
8,I enjoyed the movie, but I was less nervous. I was running before I escaped from the North Korean army on a motorcycle, but it felt like I was just shooting at the ground, and when I went to Tokyo during the war and came to Marlin Monroe, I couldn't tell if it was a war or a visit to Korea.
2,Why are there so many 10 points? Does that make sense? I didn't like this movie because it was contrived. This kind of movie has the highest rating? It's really funny.
10,I cried so much that I looked in the mirror in the morning and there was a fish...ㅠㅠ 진짜 It's a movie that lacks everything, including actors' acting. I think it's sadder because it's a true storyㅠㅠ I dare say it's my life movie. And thank you for protecting this country!
10,It's a very moving and must-see movie
10,It's sad and beautiful.  It was good.
10,The tears of love and greatness...The best trick you can see with your heart!
10,It's a good movie, so I'll give you a rating
6,It's disappointing to look forward to the June 25 military action. It was boring, but it was touching.
9,It was a movie that I didn't watch, but I cried a lot while watching it. It's so sad.
10,I decided to watch this movie today
10,Why on earth did so many substandard films not know the existence of this movie while passing by us, I resent and reflect on it.
10,Touching, real life. Tears... Thank you...
10,The echo is loud.   Thank you.
10,It's so much fun. I should have done this for a long time
10,It's a heartbreaking story.
10,I'll give you 10 points in consultation with my wife We're in our late 40s and 50s
10,I got in trouble because I was so sad at the end ㅜㅜ
10,I cried the whole time I watched it ㅜㅜ It's a movie that's so moving that it leaves me in tears
1,There are so many people in our country who are so moved
10,Shuleiman's wife, who endured it together, was amazing. I was sad that I couldn't see her for so longcrying
10,There's no need for words. You have to see...
10,A heartwarming movie.It's the best ♡♡
10,Thank you to the Turkish soldiers who participated in the war It's so touching
10,It's so touching and I want to watch it again!
10,It was impressive. I cried my eyes out from the first scene of the first scene. ㅜㅜ
10,I'll go to Japan and China. No, go to Turkey! I love you, Turkey!
10,I cried more than three times.
10,Best movie ever. A movie that you watch twice or three times again.
10,10 points are not enough.It was the best movie I've seen recently!Please promote this kind of movie a lot.I watched it casually because it was a vod, and it was so touching I want to watch this movie two or three times. I didn't know there was a story like this in Turkey and my country.Why did I know this now?Turkey, thank you
10,Thank you so much.Tears came out the whole time I watched it
10,My heart ached and I cried a lot all the time.  I learned about the Korean War that I didn't know and thank you to the Turkish army. It's a must-see movie. I want to keep a movie
10,I cried a lot while watching itcrying
1,Thank you. I'm very satisfied^^
10,This movie became my number one movie. I watched it on TV for 4,500 won today. I'm so touched. If I had promoted this movie more, it would have been as popular as Myeongnyang. Beyond sadness, emotion, joy, and sorrow, a movie that leaves an indescribable lingering feeling in the heart.
10,My heart hurt the whole time I watched it.
10,I understand why Turkey is a family. I'm still so sad after watching it ㅠㅠㅠㅠMake sure to watch it
10,ㅠㅠ감So touching ㅠㅠYou're so good at acting ㅠㅠ
10,I shed tears and runny nose. It's a touching true story
10,It's touching. ㅜㅜ I recommend it
1,It's not a bad thing, but I can't admit that it has the second highest rating in the world during wartime. One point is given for rating adjustment.
10,It's fun, sad, cute, and sad...a ten-point rating is not enough
1,It's like a one-act play in a TV drama
10,I feel once again that Turkey is a brother country.^^
10,"Dad lives to keep his promise with the kids."You keep your promise to the kids, but...My dad has a lot of promises that he can't keep, he reflects on himself while watching the movie, he feels sorry for the kids, and he makes me look back on myselfLet's keep our promise not to smoke and stare at our daughter
10,Brother Turkey!I love you
10,We can't forget this. Thank you
10,A movie that shows how much Korean journalist critics are
10,a rare warm-hearted war
10,I'm too lazy to leave a rating, but I'll leave this From the perspective of Turkey, I thought about how the Korean War was and how grateful the Korean War veterans wereIt's a true story, so I was able to relate to it, and I cried when the two of us actually met
10,Even though it's a true story... I think it's too similar. I got goosebumps when I saw the actual pictures.
10,I heard that the Turks have great pride in this movie. However, I feel sorry for those of us who are supposed to be grateful for this movie because we are too indifferent to it.  Turkish soldiers who helped in the Korean War... Thank you. And it was touching.
10,Our brothers are in trouble.Let's help Turkey, our brother country.
10,It leaves a strong impression. It's a movie that I hope a lot of people watch.
10,Are only movies by famous directors? Why don't you show these real-life movies? It is a must-see movie for Koreans. --
1,I watched a movie after getting a GPA, and I got a GPA of $.
10,Is this for real? My father is so handsome... I got goosebumps when Arirang came out. ㅠㅠ...
10,You're the best. No words needed
10,Ayla ㅜㅜ Thank you for your hard work and thank you so much Turkey grandfather I hope you are happy for a long time
10,This is true love. It's a world where you throw away your own children, and I feel good that I saw a beautiful movie
10,I'm so touched. It's fun and I say thank you
10,A good movie. A must-see movie
10,It's not a new school. Just by looking at the interview with Ayla, he reproduced the fact from beginning to end. What's the point of calling the grief of separated families a "divine"?
1,As expected, Korea is a childish emotional playground.
10,Turkey, thank you. We are a brother country.
6,Allahu Akbar, . . .
10,This kind of movie should go to 10 million...There aren't many theaters
1,I've never had a Muslim brotherhood until the end of the world
10,It's sad. You were kind to Koreans when you traveled to Turkey.
10,The story and the movie that lingers in my heart.I can understand why Turkey is a brother's country
1,If you watch a movie after watching NAVER's score, you will regret it
10,a regime grovelling at these reds
1,MINGYUNG, you're so cute
9,I cried the whole time. And in the second half, I was nervous.
10,It's so touching!!!This is a must-see movie
10,A movie that was sadder because it was a true story. So a movie that was more touching...If you have time, please take a look...
10,The real "Avengers" story of those disgusting people who came to a faraway country for liberal democracy and bled for it, right? It's obvious that you don't have any basics, right?
10,The warm heart of the main character, Grandpa Turkey, made my heart cry. Also, I sincerely thank the Turkish grandfathers for participating in the war.
10,There was a great lingering effect. I missed the time to watch it at the movie theater, so I went to the DVD room with my friend and watched it, but it was so sad that I couldn't see it on the screen
10,ㅠㅠ I think it's touching at the end! While watching the movie, I thought I had to go againcrying
10,I'm sad ㅠㅠ... I needed love from orphans. It's the dog that started the war.
10,First, I'll give you 10 points to watch.
10,I cried a lot while watching the movie  I usually don't cry after watching a movie, but it was so sad
10,Trying to sneak the kid back in his bag on his way back to Turkey...  It shows how much you've grown attached to your child.I hope many movies related to June 25 will be made. Jae-in and the Democrats really hate movies like this.
10,It's my first rating after watching a movie, so I don't think you'll regret it. I've never cried this much in a movie before.Haha
7,It didn't feel natural to proceed because it was a Turkish movie, but this movie is more precious just by telling a true story that you didn't know than by organizing the contents!
10,It's such a touching movieThank you, Turkey
10,Thank you. Thank you
10,It's not too much of an adaptation or forcing you to cry, but it's a movie that penetrates deeper
10,Touching. Touching. I want to recommend this movie.
10,ㅜㅜ Crying ㅜㅜ Real Brotherhood ㅜㅜ
8,There are some loose ends, but they are well worth seeing.
10,It's a really touching movie
10,It was a very moving movie.I was nervous about whether I would be able to meet you in the second half. I'm glad I met you. Make sure you watch it. It's amazing that it's real I would like to express my gratitude to Turkey.
10,It's a very moving movie.
10,If you haven't watched it, I recommend you to watch it. It was the most concentrated movie I watched this year.
9,It's a touching movie. Thank you ^^
10,You have to see... It's a touching movie.
9,It was a moving movie. There are some unfortunate scenes, but it really made me cry. I highly recommend it. Turkey is really a brother country.
10,It's a shame why critics underestimated such a touching and touching movie and why it didn't hit well in Korea. I'm sorry that I can only express my gratitude in writing to those who gave their youth and their lives to the battlefield of another country, not my own country
10,This movie reminds me of Kim Il Sung OOO
10,I really enjoyed the movie.
10,A Turkish soldier who died helplessly...I'm just grateful and grateful.
10,I couldn't stop crying. I really hope you can see it.
10,Turkish movie! With the theme of Korea! It was nice to see us from various perspectives
8,The completeness of the work or the production of important scenes is a little low, but it can be covered with one storyline.
10,All good. Except the sound director was so ignorant of Asian music.I can't believe I put Chinese songs and peaceful videos in the Korean War story.
10,It's very touching. Look.
10,Make sure to watch the best movie ㅜㅜ I strongly recommend Turkey, the country of brothers! I'll never forget how thankful I am!
10,If you overcome the long running time in the beginning, you can experience a three-tier combo that springs from your heart.
10,It was a movie that made me think about life through one person's life drama. It was a touching drama in my life that I struggled to keep my father's promise all my life.
10,I strongly recommend it. You should watch it Good
10,The best movie ever! I can feel that the director made the movie with a lot of detail and detail. It was so touching. It's a shame that such a good movie is not well-known because it's not well-promoted in Korea, and that there are few theaters.
10,I watched it without knowing anything, but I'm getting emotional at the end
10,Turkey, I love you Thanks a lot.
10,The last ending in tears broke out.Suleyman, even though over 60 years is a long saewol Thank you for your grandfather alive and your daughter Isla and reunited, so congratulations.And the land of the Turkish veteran bods who have once again I thank you and I will remember it forever.
10,I really enjoyed watching it.
10,I don't use my GPA... This movie was a grateful movie that made me feel proud as a Korean at the same time as I was very grateful for the country that participated in the war. Thank you for protecting Ayla As expected, parents are looking for their children!!! I feel that the power of love is so great
1,What's this high--
10,I think it will be more fun than Incheon Landing Operation.
10,It's so touching. I hope a lot of people watch it
10,What a moving movie! I strongly recommend it. Tears and runny nose are a bonus!
10,It's a really good movie, but there's no theater! Abolish the screen quota system!
10,The best movie of the best. Touching
8,I watched it on Olae TV, and it was quite touching. Because it was a true story, I felt the heartache of the main character at the time.
10,It's touching. It's been a while since I cried
8,It's a movie that's going to be disappointing, but it's going to go down in history
10,It's a very touching movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,an authentic true-life filmIt's a movie that made me think that it's great and how great.
8,A movie that looks at the Korean War from the perspective of the war participants.  Overlapping with the Korean flag flying.
10,I cried a lot. Why wasn't it shown?
10,Oh... What is this? I think I got a movie as a gift. I can't relate to the empathy...It's too much.
8,I could read the tragedy of the Korean War that I had forgotten and the humanism that blooms there.
10,It was a movie where I had a lot of thoughts Turkey in the country that helped us...It was touching and I thought we had a lot to remember
10,I will remember...It's more touching because it's a true story and it's a painful past
10,It's a sad movie that I couldn't see on the screen
10,It would be nice if my family could see it ^^
10,Ayla's father was all the Turkish soldiers there  My father waited for Suo to keep his promise. How much did he love him? How bravely did he get along with the soldiers who spoke different languages? I strongly recommend this movie!
8,Except for the lack of detail in the description of the war...It's been a while since I watched a movie with tears in my eyes.I feel sorry for the Turkish people who think of Korea as a country of brothers.
10,ㅜㅜㅜㅜ I have had a different tear glands since I sent my puppy 8 years ago. I really cried my eyes out. I don't usually write reviews, but I really thought I should write this. It was such a sad and touching movie. Best movie ever!
10,It was a touching movie with good and love.
10,The audience is so small...
9,It's so touching. I'm so glad to see you again alive ㅜㅜ
10,I cried my eyes out ㅠㅠ Ayla ㅠㅠ
10,I cried a lot. It's so touching
6,It's touching because it's a true story, but the impact of the movie is not big.It will come as touching to the good and innocent, and to those who lose it, it gives them a vague nostalgia for those feelings.
10,I cried and cried. If there is a problem in Turkey, we should run to the first time.
10,It's my first time to get a rating. I was happy to watch this movie A true story is really...I cried a lot I hope you all watch this movie at least once. Please I beg you. crying
10,The best movie was so much fun
10,I log in to Naver for the first time and leave a rating.The movie was so touching and it was a long film.
10,Thank you, Turkey. a nation of brothers
10,You're the best!
10,There are still many Aylas living in the world!I don't want this sad thing to happen anymore.
10,I was so immersed in it. Thank you for the good movie.
10,Why is it only 40,000?jQuery22405699684146528929_153277116033 5 million is worth watching
10,That's funny. Wow, that's awesome
10,It's been a while since I saw a moving movie. I wanted to show it to my friend, so I went to the theater and saw it
10,It's been a long time since I cried. I can't get rid of my emotions
10,I cried after seeing the truth...
10,You're crying watching a movieI'm so touched. Thank you so much, Turkish Queshi
10,It's so touching It is the best movie for me this year. I am already watching it for the third time!!My favorite movie ^^ Kim Sol is cute. Shuleiman is so handsome. The last scene where we met in person was so sad.Crying ㅠㅠ
10,I love the movie. A life that does not take its own responsibility in living life. His promise. I'm crying all the time I see it makes me cry. I loved the movie that shows the pain of war and the breakup at the same time.
9,Everything was good, but what is the Chinese style music that comes out sometimes, like the music director doesn't know the difference between Asian music
10,I felt more sad because I found out that I was curious while watching the documentary 8 years ago. It was so hard to hold back my tears the whole time. It's a beautiful movie-like story, and it's so emotional that it's hard... I pray for the rest of your father, Schleiman!
10,I cried a bucket of tears after watching this movie.If you see Turkish people, you have to be really nice to them.True story is more touching ㅠㅠ Please watch it.It still lingers. crying
10,I'm so touched. Turkey feels so close to me
10,I'm so touched. I'd like to thank the Turks
10,In fact, tears flow through the miserable history of Korea, a terrible war, and tears flow through their beautiful humanity across the border.North Korea, which was ordered by Russia, the U.S., which helped Joseon with Russian checks, and China, which intervened in the middle, were devastated by the battle between the two powers
10,I hope that critics get out of the illusion that you need to make the score higherIf you make a movie, you won't be as good as the heel of this movieYou have to be honest that good movies are goodCritic~jQuery224065159463963654_1532613407140 horns~~
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie that wasn't decorated properly Tears are flowing out of controlTurkey brothers, thank you so much and thank you It's a touching story that makes you feel it
7,It's not a high-quality movie, but. I could learn more about Turkey's with Turkey. It was touching.
10,Even in the terrible situation of war, I could feel humanity beyond blood ties. It was good to see a good piece. It was even more touching because it was a true story.
9,Kim Seol... He grew up so pretty that he's going to be a great actor.
10,I am ashamed of myself in many ways. This kind of history should be taught. You have to show this as a school audio-visual room educational material.
8,It was so touching! It was so touching. ㅜㅜ
6,The movie itself is kind of boring. It's hard to watch until the end
10,Why is this moving movie so small? The movie was fun, but the true story is more heartbreaking.
5,I can't believe you're showing such a precious true story. I thought the background music was "Eyes of Dawn" 30 years ago.
10,It's a very grateful movie.
10,I want to thank Turkey. Thank you.
10,I've never written a rating after watching a movie, but I should write this movie ㅠㅠ 너무 It is so touching. I want to study Turkish  I really want to recommend this movie!
10,I'm watching it for the second time~~~
10,Watch the 5th episode until today's download! As expected, the father could do anything for the children! Fathers, fighting!
10,It was a very moving movie. It was a movie that lingered for a long time. It was very touching.
10,I cried a lot.The main sergeant who took care of Turkey's war orphans who had been sailing for more than a month...Ankara Park is in front of the company, but I can't just pass by now.
10,I've seen various Turkish movies, but I think it's a really well-made Turkish movie In fact, I was looking forward to it, but I can see that everyone is acting well, so my heart aches even more. It's my first time getting a rating. I wanted a lot of people to see it
10,I wish I could have taken Ayla to Turkey, but I'm so sorryㅜㅜ The warm humanity of the war is really touching. I want to go to Turkey, my brother's country
10,Wow, I've never had a rating.I was so into it that I enjoyed it Thank you for making a good movie I hope many people watch it It wasn't a movie that forced me to cry, and the way it unfolded, the story of the two people was conveyed well, and the situation didn't get out of it.It's a calm and touching movie, but it wasn't boring at all. Thank you for everything
10,I can't see you until 60 years later ㅠㅠ I'm so sad
10,The sad irony is that it's a box office hit in the helped country, but it's not a box office hit in the helped country
10,Ah, I really enjoyed watching it.
10,It's so touching!
10,Please watch "Jjangjjang" a lot [Laughing)
7,The baby is carrying it. I didn't know there was another Muntong show, but I found out when I came to Naver. run out of steam
10,It's calm and touching. The best movie I've ever seen in the first half of this year... This is how the new wave is made. The immersion of the movie itself is too deep.
10,I am living now, but for us, the Korean War is a distant country, and the moment we feel the gratitude of Turkey through this movie. I think I know why Turkey is a brother countryIt was a Turkish soldier's hot paternal love that made me feel calm and teary until the end of the movie, and I feel even more moved that it was based on a true story
10,Sergeant Schleiman's grateful heart for bringing and taking care of the child with such a warm heart in the face of war. When the movie ended and the ending credit went up, the tears that I was holding back flowed...
10,It's a movie that makes you cry while drying your tears ㅠㅠ .... I want to travel to Turkey in my life crying
10,I felt once again that war really shouldn't happen.And I saw it once again from the perspective of the warring nations, and I would like to say thank you as one of the people of Korea.
10,I can't think of any other words. It's a true story, so I'm relieved
10,Make sure to watch it. It is a moving movie.Thank you Turkey
10,Thank you very much for your sacrifice to the Turks.
10,It's so touching. Make sure to watch it I strongly recommend it
10,Thank you for crying so much  Turkey
10,I can't stop crying for a long time.It's a work that leaves a long impression after seeing it without words.It's so touching and sadder that it's a true story and I want to keep it for a long time.
10,I could feel pain in the war and happiness in it
10,It's so touchingIf it weren't for Turkey, we wouldn't be in this countryThank you so much, AylaDirector and actor Kim Seol A, thank you so much for making this movie
10,In the second half, the tears just dragged...Turkey is so touching.
10,People's Army 4 here is my friend!
10,I'm so touched.Turkey, thank you
10,You have to watch it. You have to watch it
10,You'll regret it if you don't see it
10,Let's thank Turkey and the United Nations
9,Honestly, there were some boring scenes, but... I couldn't see the sensation coming from my eyes without water. It's a true story, and if you think about it, it's double the excitement. A movie where you can feel the humanity even in the midst of an ugly war
10,The movie was not cliche and told the story well. It's a new movie because you can see from a different perspective how many people sacrificed during the Korean War. I highly recommend it. It's impeccable.
10,I've never had a rating, but it's the best movie I've seen this year. Thank you Turkish soldiers. I won't forget itㅜㅜ
10,It was touching and Seol's acting was good.Arirang came out in the middle, and I got emotional.
10,The actors' acting was so good.When I saw the picture of the ending credit, Wearing winter clothes in that poor environment... I saw a picture of a child spending time with soldiers. I'm so touched and my heart echoes...  I'm so thankful for the Turkish soldiers who took care of me.It's like a movie.
10,Best! I don't usually get a rating, but I really need to It's more than 10 points Turkish veterans, thank you and I respect you
10,Best movie of the first half of the year. It's a shame there aren't many theaters.I want to recommend this movie to everyone
10,Thank you for your participation.
7,The long wait and the touch of a true story
10,A movie that breaks my heart.
10,Thanks a lot. But our painful past...Something that shouldn't happen again.crying
10,Based on the true story, it was more interesting, and I cried a lot because the movie was made fresh and not even. Because of the sad loss of her parents, the hot humanism of her father, and the longing to meet her too late.It was a touching movie.
6,It is meaningful in itself as a thank-you greeting.
10,Thank you more than anything else ~~ I'm more touched than that. My heart is numb
10,Turkey has 5 million but we have 50,000 ㅠㅠㅠ Such a good movie...
10,It's a masterpieceMy heart was so painful and I couldn't watch it without tears...Turkey is a country of brothers
10,There are many movies about the Korean War, but they are fresh from the perspective of other countries.
8,It's a touching movie. I recommend it.
10,It's the first time I've seen him sobbing in the middle and late... I couldn't stop crying.
10,You have to watch this I'll make sure
10,Thank you. It makes my heart warm
8,If you look at the movie, it has a rating of 3 points, and if you look at it in real life, it's just worth watching.
10,It's so touching. I'm seeing Turkey again. I love you Turkey!
10,Touching... Touching itself... It leaves a lot of lingering emotions. Schleiman... Iila...
10,ㅜㅜ I have been waiting since I heard that it was released in Turkey, but I haven't been to the movie theater, so I watched it on TV.ㅜㅜ Sad
8,I watched it on Premium TV and it's a good movie.
1,I can't believe this movie is in the 9 point range. It's a touching story and it's right to shed tears. However, when it comes to film quality, it is only a sloppy and low-quality Korean-style faction. It's a sequence that drags unnecessarily, and the background music is a scene where you cry here
10,It's a very moving movie
10,This year, I was able to listen to the story and watch a movie through your guide while traveling to 20 OOO Turkey
10,I traveled to Istanbul in 2002. They were Turkish people who treated me warmly just because I was Korean. It reminds me of my late grandfather who told me to treat Turkish people well after watching a movie. My head is bowed to Turkey, which suffered the most deaths during the Korean War.
10,I was looking for a movie suitable for killing time and I happened to see it and I cried a lot... I hope you watch it at least once.
10,I'm looking at it right now. It's good.
10,A film that reminds us of the appreciation of the warring nations during the Korean War. Kim Seol Yang's acting was so good and I think the movie was made more realistic because I could hear the languages of both countries
10,I cried a lot with my boyfriend 리얼 It was so much fun that I didn't know why this movie wasn't released ㅠㅠ It's the first time I've ever left a movie review, but it's that amazing
10,A moving movie... I keep crying. Was I this sentimental?
10,I'm more immersed because it's a real story. I just watched the preview and paid for it. I'm glad I met youcrying
8,It would've been better if we were together. It's a short but informative movie about how much we missed each other
10,I'm touched that we met and reunited alive.
10,Another masterpiece of our time
10,I watched it on TV without thinking. It's so touching. Thank you
10,If they've been living together... it's heartbreaking to seeWhen did I ever shed this much tears?
10,I'm touched ㅠ.ㅠ Thank you to the Korean War veterans.
1,At a time like this, the movie of June 25 is... Director, do you want to be hit by Moon Jae In?
9,Seol~~~~ Can you grow up a little slower~~~ Why are you so cute? I cried because I was watching you all throughout the movie. I laughed and lost track of time and enjoyed watching it~~
10,I'm tearing up ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,It's a movie worth watching, but the rating is too high
10,Beautiful and touching movie... True story... The characters, the acting, the visuals, everything was good. And you captured our country so beautifully. It became one of the most touching movies of my life. The more powerful the country is, the more it can give and share.
10,I've been watching the Turkish army...I wanted to give her a hug her. I can't study because it still lingers crying
10,I cried while watching a movie It's so touching
8,I was bored while I was watching... It's a movie that you have to watch, understand, and be thankful for
10,Thank you so much to all the Turkish soldiers I won't forget. Also, thank you for making good movies.
10,It's been a while since I watched a movie, but I keep thinking about it
10,Video and music are good I was really impressed.
10,I'm so sad that there aren't many movie theaters that I really want to see
10,A really meaningful movie that I want everyone to see
7,It's a movie that makes you look forward to the obvious, but it has an unexpected echo. The directing skills are flat, but it's worth watching
8,I like the material, but it's a little disappointing to make it into a movie, but it's a movie worth watching.  Thank you.
10,The movie is so touching. We need to remember Why Turkey and Korea are bloodthirsty brothers.
1,Maybe because it's a Turkish director's movie, there are so many childish parts... It's not emotionally compatible... The battle scenes are so sloppy...Above all, critics say that it is too much of a neo-faith forced move. The lines and situation are like watching a movie in the 60s and 70s.
9,I watched it without much expectation, and it was so touching.The pain of war. The warmth and laughter in there...Missing... Promise... Feeling various emotions...
10,It's your first time giving a rating. Thank you the fathers of the time My life's work that Koreans must see
10,It is the most impressive and memorable movie I have seen recently.Thank you very much to the veterans and veterans who helped Korea, including Turkey. War is truly tragic and harrowing and should never happen again. You're going to have a conflict of ideas. No more wars!
10,It was a touching moment of truth and love that I can't express anymore
10,I am the father who raises a baby for 10 months.  It's been a while since I last saw you crying and runny nose. ㅜㅜ
10,I don't usually write movie reviews, but this is really my life movie. It's so touching. I cried a lot. And I clapped afterwards That's great.
10,Turkey, thank you so much.I will never forget how grateful I am.ㅜ
10,Thank you for Turkey's pure participation.
10,It's really the best!needless to say
10,It's a movie that's so touching and lingers in my mind. I'm watching it again because I keep thinking about itㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,The story of a father and a daughter who have different nationalities in a painful war.It's heartbreaking, but it's such a warm story.I didn't know you were meant to be. A true story that's more like a movie than a movie you want to see. I hope you have a meaningful time to feel grateful again for Turkey, the country of brothers who participated in the Korean War!
10,Touching... Real story... It's so touching
10,Let's go to the movie theater! It must be so sad
10,Thank you for all the foreign warriors who fought for a country that had nothing to do with it. I hope there are many places that show these kinds of movies. It's more touching because it's a true story, and I feel grateful for the horrors of the war and the countries that helped me. I want all Koreans to watch it.
10,I watched with tears in my eyes at the love of Ayla and Schleiman's family
10,The best movie...  I've seen it ten times and I'm not tired of it
10,Really... It's so touching...Thank you Turkey...
10,I'm really surprised that it's a true story.It felt like I was watching a fairy tale that healed me the whole time!
10,I think it's a must-see movie for Koreans. From now on, I will keep Turkey as an eternal brother in my heart.
10,It's so much fun. I totally recommend it ㅠㅠㅠI think I'm going to be a fan of SchleimanㅠㅠT
10,paternal love for a daughter in her bosomTears clouded the last scene of the movie.
10,Ah really, this movie is a sad movie all the time. I think we are here because of the sacrifices of the Turks and the people who participated in the warThank you. I hope this movie will be a hit
10,It's so touching.I watched it with tears in my eyes ㅜㅜ ha...
10,It is the Turkish Brotherhood!
10,Thank you so much to all the Turkish people I hope many people watch it
10,We will not forget the Turkish sacrifice that they showed us more than 70 years ago.
10,It's too bad that I failed at the box office. The movie is good...It's a shame that it wasn't promoted well
10,I cried the whole timeㅠㅠ Remember Turkey ㅠㅠ Seol's acting is the best! Turkish actors are the best, too!
10,I watched it with my wife, and I can relate to it a lot as her father
10,From now on, my honeymoon is Turkey
10,I'm so touched. I'm crying and runny at the last scene.Thank you and thank you, Turkish veterans.
10,It's all the more touching because it's a true story of a touching movie.
10,It's really touching. It's sadder because it's a true story
10,My favorite movie... I can feel that I love my child beyond nationality and blood ties, so I laugh and cry throughout the movie. I feel like I've been reading a feature book all day, not a two-hour movie
10,Make sure to watch this. It's really touching ㅜㅜ Not part-time ㅜㅜ In Turkey, this movie is the 6th most watched movie in history
10,It's so touching
10,It was really good Make sure to watch it
10,It is a pity that such a movie is not known, even though it lacks the technology of the movie, which is a masterpiece above expectations, and the contents based on the true story and the actors' performances are excellent.
1,Jaein is showing everywhere
10,To be honest, I didn't think of a country like that, but I felt it when I saw many brother countries help me, and I could feel that Korea grew up in such a short time I am also grateful to Turkey and other countries for their help during the war.
10,It was a war movie based on a true story, so I was very moved.I'm so proud of my father, Schleiman, who kept his promise.Ayla, who didn't forget that promise...It's a really good movie
10,Thank you. I'm doing well
10,Even in the war, love for humans and humanism are alive...Thank you all the brothers of the country who sacrificed for Turkey and Korea.
10,I was really sad the whole time I watched it because it seemed like a movie that didn't emphasize sadness too much and was simple and faithful to the true story ㅠㅠ I am happy to meet Ayla and Papa.crying
10,This kind of movie... I can't believe I didn't see it when it was released. The Korean accent was a little annoying, but that's something you can skip. Wow, Ankara is so touching. ㅠㅠ
10,When I saw the scene where Kim Seol was hugged by a soldier in the trailer, I thought I should stop watching it if it wasn't fun. I was so touched. Why did I finally find this movie? I cried more than a werewolf boyㅠㅠ I lost track of time.
10,I'm touched that it's real. ㅠㅠ I think it's because I heard that Turkey is a country of brothers since I was young, but it's not just a country of brothers, and I think it's a movie that shows how parents feel
10,I want to thank the Turks~~
10,I just watched it without thinking, but tears...
10,It's good. I love it
10,I cried a lot after watching this
10,ㅠㅠ Oh, really. You should watch it
10,It's a must-see movie
10,To be honest, I want to create an environment where many people can watch such movies. Our country needs education so that we can always be grateful for Turkey's help. It's like a real movie and I can't believe it's real.
10,I love it so much Movies
10,Ah, the man who plays only Schlei becomes lovely after watching a calm and touching movie. Let's like Turkey
1,It's not 1 point, but I give it low to get the rating The movie is just a movie, and the content is touching, but I don't think the directing and storytelling as a movie is a nine-point movie
10,It's fun. Heart-warming ㅜㅜ Turkey, I love you
10,It is unfortunate that such movies are not widely known to people. Regardless of the film's immersion, the love between parents and children beyond nationality makes us cry away.
10,I hope many people will watch the movie which is heartbreaking, sad, sad, fun, and touching. I hope you don't forget the achievements of our veterans and the Turkish and American veterans who sent us troops.
10,It's a movie that shows not only how Turkish troops fought and helped us, but also how humanly beautiful they are, and the story that makes us unable to hold back tears is the best.
10,Warm movie. Turkey, thank you.
10,I'm so touched Kim Seol Yang is such a good actor I cried the whole time Please watch it. I recommend it
10,She said she endured it well until the end. I couldn't endure it because there was a scene where my daughter and father met.
10,Turkey's military song is touching my heart.crying
10,H. A touching movie that makes me feel emotional.
10,I'll give you 10 points without looking. It's a true story, and it's the highest score you can give as a person who watched the show you actually met
10,I don't get a high score, but I enjoyed it a lot
10,It was really impressive. Thank you very much, Turkish veterans. I won't forget to live in this land that they all protected.
10,In the meantime, I have neglected Turkey too much. Thank you, brothers.And watch the movie alone. I'm crying
10,the true story of a young soldier in another country with war orphans
10,The movie based on a true story was touching
10,The daughter of the heart born of war, your heart is wider than the moon. Thank you.
10,It's been a while since I've seen a good movie!
10,The difference between Netizen's rating and critic's rating...  I think a critic shows how dry people's emotions are.  You said something like Daehan News and fell down.
9,My father and I are very blunt and rarely cry, but we both giggled and couldn't say anything after watching the movie. The power of the story is enough.
10,It's so touching. ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching. Especially, "Daddies live to keep their promises with their children." The word makes me feel a lot.
10,He's so mean He's a top critic of political films, like the Gwangju Democratization Movement
10,It's touching because it's based on a true story
10,It's the movie of the year for me
10,The father lives to keep his promise with his daughter.
10,My heart ached and I cried the whole time I watched it. Thank you.
10,Touching ㅜㅜ That's so nice. I'm tearing up
10,I think I met a wonderful wife and finally I was able to meet Ayla again.
10,I was so touched. I recommend it
10,I cried so much that I'm out of my mind. It's a must-see movie. It's a good movie that made me understand why Turkey is a country of brothers.
10,I cried a lot. I cry when I hear Arirang's song.ㅜㅜ
10,Thank you so much, Grandpa Schleiman.You are the father of Korea. Make yourself at home
10,It's early in the morning, but I cried a lot
10,I'm grateful that we have people who are willing to make noble sacrifices for us, not for their own country, to live like thisWe're all Eilea that they protected
10,Thank you. Turkey...I cried so much...
8,Nam Joo is cool and good. Thank you ㅠㅠ.
10,I cried because I could feel how long she'd been waiting for you
10,I knew that it was a true story and the ending, but I was moved and cried because I knew it
10,It's so touching. ㅠㅠ
10,Honestly, shouldn't this kind of movie go to an academy? In the real stories of Jews and war movies, I think our country should also tell the story
10,Tears ㅜㅜ Ayla is good at acting
10,It's so touching and so much fun ㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching.crying
6,I have to watch the documentary to thank my brother's country.But the production seems to be very OOO in Korea.I insisted, so I watched it with him. I felt sorry for the person who went with meI think it's true that Korean movies are way ahead
10,There was only one time in my life that I cried while watching a movie, and I cried a lot while holding a tissue while watching Ayla's movie.The director's movie is so touching.The movie is so touching.
10,I'm touched. ㅠㅠ I'm glad to see you again
10,If I had succeeded and taken him...The most touching thing was that my dad would definitely come back to pick me up and that he didn't hang out with other friends
10,Thank you. I got in trouble because I cried the whole time
10,It's touching enough to give a good review of why the audience and the critic's ratings are so different. Moreover, it's something to think about again from our point of view
10,I just saw it. What is it? What about this sloppy production? Then, watch the movie while making Indian elephant sounds and crying It's so touching and sad
10,Oh, Agent Schleiman. It's so touching, and it makes me tear up while watching it. ㅠㅠ Amazing!May you and your wife be at peace in heaven.We must never forget Turkey, the country of brothersTurkey, the country of brothers, is the best!
10,It was touching. I have Turkish humor(?) and I had a meaningful time with my mom^^
10,I don't need words. Let's see, Ayla
10,My mom, dad, and I cried a lot while watching it ㅠㅠ, Turkey, thank you so much
10,The true story is more touching and touching
10,It's so sad and touching
10,I saw it at the theater todayHe saved his children from war, raised them like a father, and it was a wave of emotionThank you.
4,10 points for the surprise movie version is a bit...  Rating adjustment box
10,Turkey, our brother country that I'm so thankful for! We've been brothers for thousands of years.
10,It was a really interesting movie
10,I don't really like this kind of movie, but I was really immersed in it until the end... ㅠ.ㅠ I even cried...ㅠ
10,There's nothing to say. It's just the best...
10,It was so touching and I learned something new about Turkey
10,Whatever the purpose of the war is, the sacrifices of the soldiers must be respected. There are many countries that are truly grateful. Can you risk your lives in other countries when you don't want to go to the army of our country?
10,It's a touching movie...
10,I thought there would be a strange feeling because it was a Turkish movie, but it was completely different and attractive. I hope this movie becomes more known An old man in his 30s got emotional several times.
10,From beginning to end, I cried a lot with emotion, sadness, and sadness. ㅠㅠ Thank you not only for Ayla, but also for all the decisions and hearts of Turkey
10,I cried while watching it. crying
10,It was so much fun to watch ㅜㅜ a touching story
10,I don't usually leave a rating, but I cried while watching it. Thanks to so many war-torn countries, people say that we are here now ㅜㅜ Thank you to the Turks, who are the true heroes of the storythe real thing
10,These days, tears come out to answer the deep charm felt in something that is not like a movie.
8,It's better than I thought
10,I was tearing up ㅜㅜ Turkey is a very grateful countryI was sadder because it was a true story And I'm so glad that you two met
1,Why is this movie so high?
10,Please watch it This is what love is like It's a movie that we know even if our hearts don't tell us
10,It was more touching to see the Korean War in a new direction because it was made from the perspective of a third country, a war country, not a war party. I strongly recommend a good movie that is hard to watch these days while crying and laughing at Kim Seol's acting as Ayla.
10,It's sad to say it's interesting, but it makes me think a lot Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,I cried a lot while watching it. ㅠㅠ It's a really touching movie
10,Thank you very much for helping our country in the name of the Turkish state, but for the sacrifice of each and every one of us.
10,Should I go to Seoul to watch a movie? Please increase the number of theaters.
10,It is too bad that it is not shown much in the movie theater.I think it'd be good to show a lot of moving movies like this ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that deserves 10 points. The actors' acting was really good, too
10,I watched it last night, but I can't stop thinking about the movie.ㅠㅠ Why didn't this movie go viral? The complicated expressions that the main character, Shuleiman, expressed, and the supporting actors' performances...The real story came out at the end, and it was more impressive. I want to see it again.
7,Even though it has been revealed that the government has abused the price of cigarettes to fill the government's store like now, it is still like the Park Geun Hye government, which has changed the pattern of the pants market. They said we should withdraw the tax increase and erase the painful history of the past.
10,I cried so much when I saw it... I don't usually cry in movies, but I'm so moved that I can't say anythingㅜㅜ You have to watch this!
10,At the end, I recognized Ayla and hugged her. I just kept crying The movie that was so sad...
10,I kept crying for the last 20 minutes while watching the movie. Indeed, through this movie, I felt how grateful Turkey is once again and through sincere acting.
10,It's been a while since I saw a movie that's like a movieMale actors are the best at acting!
10,Touching... What do you mean?
10,Wow.. I think this is the first movie that I have watched for over 15 years, especially since Naver was created.It's really very touching and it's even more overwhelming to see you as a father.A deeper love than a biological relationship...It's the best!
10,I'm so touched. Turkey is a country I'm so thankful for
10,The movie that didn't flow for 20 years and made me cry...
10,I felt tears and thankfulness while watching the movie
10,I will never forget the Turkish sacrifice. Thank you.
10,I watched it with tears in my eyes. Thank you, Mr. Schleiman. Thank you, Turkey. After the 2002 World Cup 3rd and 4th place games, we put our arms around each other's shoulders and finished the game happily regardless of victory or defeat. It was impressive, but it was also in the movie for a while. I'll remember you forever. Thank you
10,It's such a great movie that I don't want to promote
10,I can't help but cry.ㅠㅠ It's all the more heartbreaking to hear that it's a true story
10,It's a true story and more moving ㅠㅠ must-see movie. Why are you saying brother country of Turkey to understand. The first time a movie a rating.
10,It's my first evaluation I watched it for about 3 minutes and 1 minute, so I don't know what the movie is like. I downloaded Torrent and watched it, but I should watch this movie at the theater When I tried to make a reservation, there was really no screening theater. I wish I could have shown less trash movies in my country and showed more movies like this
10,It's a really good piece of art^^ A movie with sadness and emotion
10,I watched it on Olleh TV.I put my child next to me and cried a lot. May Mr. Schleiman rest in peace
6,Do you know why it's 3 stars? Director, it's because I killed Ali.
10,There's a story. I feel like I'm liking Turkey more than I've ever known beforeThe soccer match in Turkey is very vividI think Lee Eul-yong played there
10,If anything happens to Turkey, I will definitely help you.
10,I cried a lot watching this.It's not a movie, it's a true story.I can't help but cry
10,It's a very moving movieHow could this movie not be promoted?I'm heartbrokenOnly Schlei is handsome, good at acting, and the child actor is so cute. It is the best movie ever!
10,I enjoyed it. It was so touching
10,It was more touching than the trailer ㅜㅜ I cried more than my wife because I cried without realizing it. It's a true story, so it's touching
10,Hankyu who released such a moving movie too early
10,I cried my eyes out  ㅠㅠ That's too bad.There's no promotion.There aren't many movie theaters.
10,Good, good, good, good
10,I was too busy reading the faces of the administration. I can't find such a touching story even if there'sI strongly recommend it Please download an epic poem about the Korean War
10,I'd like to thank my brothers, TurkeyIt's been a while since I watched a moving movie
10,It's touchingIt's been a while since I watched a moving movie
10,I really enjoyed the movie!
10,The lefties wouldn't like it.
10,I regret not seeing you in person at the movie theater
10,Sigh... It's so touching ㅠㅠㅠI can't sleep because it lingers for a long time ㅠㅠ I'm sad ㅠㅠ
10,It's so touching Hella funny 
8,It's so touching and thank you. At the end, tears were falling... It's an unrealistic story.  Let's see how humane and loving the Turks are. I would like to express my gratitude and condolences to those who died in the Korean War. Thank you ㅜㅜ
10,I hope you watch it.  It's a heartwarming and touching movie. Thank you very much to the Turkish soldiers who participated in the Korean War.
10,I cried my eyes out.♡ Turkey, thank you
10,I saw it today and it was so touching and Jinju was so cute I'm touched at the end ㅠㅠ
10,I thought it would be heavy, but it's a heart-warming movie
10,If they were together without breaking up at that time, I cried my eyes out after a long time.
9,It is not a very good movie. But it is so sad. It seems to be the most crying in recent years. Watch this and watch the documentary on YouTube. Personally, I don't like the word "tteuldak" these days. Those who built the world's 11th-largest economy. I respect you. Thank you.
10,It's my first time using a GPA I cry a lot Make sure you watch it. Men cry, too
10,a film with a lingering effect  I watched a good movie after a long time.
6,The movie is clumsy, but the history is still lingering
10,Thank you for doing your best to take care of me until the day I return home even when I risk my life like my own child on the battlefield. And thank you to all the people who risked their lives and sacrificed for Korea. My heart was moved and I cried the whole time. Live a happy life
9,It's such a touching real story! I cried a lot while watching it and I cried a lot while walkingI found out about their behind-the-scenes stories by searching YouTube. Although Schleiman went to heaven, their touching story is in our hearts and I believe that the friendship between Korea and Turkey will be enhanced even more
10,Thank you. I enjoyed it
10,It was more touching because it was a true story. Tears welled up
10,Turkey helped us to be what we are now
10,It's a touching true story. It was really touching crying
10,I happened to see it, and it's touching
7,When you see Asians in Turkey, it's not Zeppeniz? It's Korean?I think there's a misunderstanding because of the national scandal. 10% of Turks and 90% of Kudr people participated in the Korean War to exterminate the Kurds. 10% of them are for surveillance of Kudr's escape Turkey, as you know, is a dirty country
10,Thank you to Turkey and all the countries that participatedI'm getting emotional throughout the movieI'm so touched~♡
10,I'm touched and teary. ㅜㅜ Touched
10,ㅜㅜ I just went in and couldn't get up after the end credits...
10,For sacrificing your life for our country. Thank you and I'm sorry.
10,I'm so sad ㅠㅠ I cried all the time I watched it
9,It's a really good movie. I highly recommend it.
10,I won't forget that Turkey is a brother country.Thank you.
10,I know that Turkey is good at making movies and dramas, but I didn't expect it to be this good. It's a movie you'll regret if you don't watch it.Once again, I would like to thank the Turkish and UN forces for their help during the Korean War
10,It's a true story, but it's a true story that's touching because it's in pro-North Korea mode
10,I didn't think much about it.It's really touching.Actors are good at acting.
10,I looked away from the screen several times to hold back my tears, but they finally burst out.  Thank you very much, Turkish brothers.
10,That's the best move I hope the whole nation will see it
10,In fact, I was not impressed with why Turkey was a brother country, but I found out after watching this movie.
9,war-blooming humanism
10,I enjoyed watching a good movie after a long time.
10,It's such a pretty movie. Thank you to the Turks
10,And at the end, why am I crying?Turkey is a grateful country.
10,It's really the best ㅠㅠ"ㅜㅜㅜ
10,I recommend Ayla for real
10,I was so touched. Miracle things make me so thankfulㅠ
9,sharp in the line of emotionally A bucket of tears after a laugh.
10,I usually watch movies with stimulating materials, so I didn't want to watch it, but I couldn't pass it by because of the high rating, so I think I watched it by chance, so I really enjoyed it. It was a movie that gave a deep lingering impression with the heart-throbbing sound. Thank you very much
10,It's touching.ㅠㅠT
10,Requiem for the Patriotic Spirit, the story of people who have never let go of their ties!
10,It's been a while since I had a midwife's play. Why didn't I come to Korea for 60 years? Anyway, I enjoyed the movie.
10,Turkey, a country of grateful brothers. I won't forget.
10,You made a good movie.
10,I learned anew that Turkey was the first to decide to go to war.Thank you, Turkey!
10,Bba bba... ㅠㅠ It's so touching...Crying... ㅠㅠ
10,I watch the documentary, but it is sad and sad to know the full story from the movie crying
10,It lingers for a long time The sound is good from time to time.
10,It's a movie that lingers. It's a movie where pure love touches your heart.
10,You really have to see this It's more touching because I'm a mother of children
10,I watched MBC Documentary, too. I cried a lot ㅠㅠ It's so lingering ㅇㅠ
10,Thank you. Please watch it.
10,Seol is good at singing
10,It's a touching movie Make sure you watch it
10,Please increase the number of theaters. please.
10,Humanity, in a really terrible war, we cried because we were sad when we were able to comfort each other and parted ways. It is very sad that 26-year-old Korean War veteran Schleiman sounded out like that at the embassy after the war. It's touching.
10,It's my first time getting a GPA.I didn't know what genre it was and I happened to see it. It's so touching. These movies are 100 times better than commercial movies these days. It's a movie that will remain in my memory forever.
9,Turkey is a brother country.Ida, feel grateful for Turkey, Korean women
10,It is much better than most Korean Gukppong movies. Although directing and editing are a little lacking, there is no shortage considering that it is a director's opening work. I like it because it's not forced at the last minute.
10,Honestly, if there were no U.S. and allied forces in the Korean War, Kim Jong Un would have been...I'm sure he's shouting "Hurray Xi Jinping"
10,I salute Turkey
10,Strongly recommended. It's so sad. It's a movie that leaves a lot
10,Turkey, thank you. Don't forget We
10,Live happily in heaven, Mr. Schleiman. What I want to say after watching the movie is that and thank you. I want to thank the Turkish brothers, and it was a good movie to learn again why Turkey is our brother country. Thank you to the producers
10,I was able to think about history and when I woke up, I had two salted pollack roe in my eyes
10,It's such a sad movie...
10,I watched it without much expectation, but it was worth watching
10,The first movie I watched at home at 11000 won. The story, video, and sound were generally better than expected. I want to share this movie with more people, but I'm just sad that there aren't many places that show such good movies.
10,I want to watch it, but this neighborhood isn't showing at all...Oh, my
10,As the number of theaters decreased, I watched just one movie at 7:30 in the morning, so I went to the movie theater near my parents' house to watch it. I woke up at 5:30 in the morning and took the bus to watch it. From the first bombing scene to the last documentary and the actual photo, the handkerchief was completely wet.
10,It's touching and the family love formed by Jeon Jae is touching.
10,If you don't cry after watching this, you're not a person.
10,It's a wave of emotion. irritating the tear glands
9,The production is awkward. There is no denying this. Screen transition is not smooth... Considering the fact that it is a debut film by an overseas director, it makes me feel comfortable. The reason why I gave him a rating of 9 is that he shed tears even though he moved the plot of Shinpa
10,Wow, that's touching. I'm tearing up ㅠㅠ
10,This is so touching
10,Thank you very much.What more to say, remember...
10,I recommend it. It's my favorite movie
2,Give me 10 stars and 500 refugees treat me like a virus
10,If you cried too much, Turkey seems to be a country of brothers ㅠㅠ
10,I wonder if there's anyone who won't cry after watching this. I think Korea is a country that has a lot of regrets. It's a movie that lingers a lot. Please make a lot of real-life movies like this
10,Let's not forget the Korean War Turkey
10,Please watch ㅠㅠ it's so touching
10,It was sad but worth seeingAnd Ayla says she never lived with her father in her father
10,It's so touching. I highly recommend it
10,I'm touched.a must-see movie
10,It's sad and sad. Thanks to you, I want to be called Baba againThank you for living for so long, even if you can't be with us Thanks to you, I made a miracle like a movie
10,Tears welled up in my eyes during the movie ㅜㅜ
10,Although the progress is somewhat obvious and new, it is touching that it is a true story that goes beyond it, and the main actors' acting was good.
10,Thank you, brother
10,I thought it was a true story of war, but there's no need for wordsI'm not good at writing, but I've been laughing and crying endlesslyIt was a heartwarming movie after a long time. Turkey. I love you. It's more than 10 stars
10,It's so sad. It's touching.Thank you for never forgetting to find Ayla
10,There is one reason why critics underestimate the film. The true story of Turkey's involvement in the Korean War is that it is very, very uncomfortable and unpleasant to the pro-North left
10,Thank you Turkey Mr. Schleiman, Turkey
10,I'm very grateful and relieved that Schleiman was able to meet Ayla before he diedㅠㅠ It was so touching.. Thank you Turkey.
10,I cried a lotIt's a real story. I'm so thankful
10,I don't use this because I'm lazy, but it's a movie that doesn't waste money Be sure to look at the horrors of the war, the warmth of the father, the sorrow of the father and his daughter waiting for their scheduled farewell.It's not forced but tears naturally come out
10,I cried as soon as I saw the preview, so I bought a VOD and watched it. Please watch it!
10,It's a movie that reminds us of the horrors and humanity of war even though we haven't fought a war, and I hope that many people will never suffer from it again.
10,It's a must-see movie for Koreans I want to watch it with my parents' heart
10,I'm really touched by ㅠㅠ.Turkey is a very grateful country!
10,It's full of lingering feelings.
10,Thank you to our brother Turkey and all the countries that participated in the war. The more I think about it, the more I think about it, the more I think about it, the more I think about it, the more I think about it
10,It's such a good movie, but I'm sad that there's no theater that opens. I heard that 5 million people watched it in Turkey, but it's too much
8,The touching story of Schleiman and Ayla
10,It is often said to Japan that there is no future for a nation that has forgotten history. Are we not forgetting history? Don't forget to thank all the countries, including Turkey, for participating in our war, and don't forget that North Korea is still our main enemy.
10,I won't forget.  ~~~  Thank you^^♥♥♥
10,It's so sad and touching just looking at the preview
10,I cried after watching it as a documentary, but I knew the content, but I'm crying again, so I kept my gratitude to the veterans even after time passed.Thank you very much.
10,Thank you, Turkey. Thank you, and thank you
10,I cried so much! Why people? It's a very painful but warm movie that made me feel human! May there be no war in Korea again!=
10,It's a movie that leaves a lot of beautiful memories.
10,Why isn't this movie 10 million?
10,It's been a really long time since I watched a movie while sobbing I'm so touched. I'm still in the mood. I hope many of you watch it One actor looks so similar to Daniel who came out in an abnormal meeting
10,This is one of the masterpieces that I can't express in wordsㅠㅠㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it I don't really use this kind of thing. I just want to recommend this movie, so I use it naturally. I hope this movie gets known a lot. ㅠ
10,I need to see this.Please ㅜㅜ
10,It is a must-see handkerchief movie. Turkey, a grateful country
10,Wow, the number of viewers is. Oh
10,I cried so much. The movie that lingers so much
10,When I was singing Ankara's song, I burst into tears
10,First of all, 8 points because Nam Joo is handsome. The movie that taught me what paternal love is. I love you father =)
7,Brother country. If I go to Europe, I want to visit Turkey.
10,Don't forget them.
10,It was such a moving movie. I didn't expect much but I cried a lot
10,Turkey is a country of brothers. A week away from the other side of the globe, the first to voluntarily participate in the Korean War, followed by the U.S., Turkey fought a lot It's a country of brothers for no reason. And I was surprised that the movie was a true story, and it was a movie that was moved and left a lingering impression.
10,Touching true story. This is a masterpiece. Turkey is a country of brothers
10,ㅠㅠ That's a sad story
10,It's a touching real story. Turkey, the country of brothers.I love Turkey..
10,I cried so much...
10,War scenes are not good enough, but the story is so touching and I cried Strangely, I'm so immersed in the song.Film critics don't know why they rate these movies in less than 10 words.If you're going to write like that, why are you a critic?I'd rather not post a review...
10,Make sure to watch it. If you don't watch this kind of movie, it's so good that you don't know what kind of movie you're watching.
10,I really don't understand the score of the critic. This movie is really...
10,Oh... It's the best I can't explain it in words
10,It's been a while since I cried while watching a movie.
10,Thank you for protecting me.
10,A movie that touches the heart
10,It was so hard because I kept crying and Ayla was so cute
10,It's calm and touching. Tears are a must.I watched it at home with a paid payment because there was no theater showing anywhere nearby.Turkey, thank you for setting up Ankara Academy.Thank you, "Fan ID".
10,A lot of people should watch this kind of movie Not useless movies. I really recommend itthe second time in a row
10,It's a must-see movie if you're Korean.I want to go to Turkey ㅠ
10,It's not easy to do that in the midst of a war, and it's really touching. Turkey is our brother country. I love you!
10,Coincidentally... I saw it without any expectations, but tears in my eyes...Stay healthy!
10,Why isn't this movie showing up? Government and critics reflect on themselves, you scum
10,It's the best movie I've seen recently.It's not as flashy as Marvel, but it's very immersive and touching.The movie I watched while crying with my daughter.ㅜㅜ
10,Thank you, Schleiman. Turkey, thank you.
10,It was such a touching and touching movie The actors' acting was so goodI was so immersed in it and watched it without any boredom If you're a Korean, you should watch it I want to recommend Ayla, who has a child, misfortune and happiness in the soldiers during the war, but also has a lot of love
9,The actual meeting scene at the end seems to contain everything in the movie. That's how touching it is. Moreover, the U.S. has also helped a lot, and it is ironic that the society that hated the U.S. and burned the American flag. Korea, which hates the country that sent the troops and rather likes the country that invaded it.
10,It's touching ㅠㅠㅠ눈Wiping tears while watching
10,It's so touching.I'm once again moved by the fact that it's a true story.Turkey is a very grateful countryI hope you both stay healthy for a long time
4,The power of real-life movies...
10,It's the first time I've ever had a rating.Thank you for this kind of movie.Thank you to the Turkish warriors.Thank you for being alive, too.
10,I have never cried while watching a movie for the past year or two. This movie made me cry.
10,It's been 14 days since its release, and it's only showing in three theaters, and it's currently ranked 19th, with a cumulative audience of 3.8 million. It's a shame. In a large-scale movie theater, it didn't screen properly in a single place and pushed it all to Ant-Man, so it topped the list. I wonder if the left and right politicians and the president are interested.
10,Oh, let's help Turkey. Let's take her crazy to live.
10,I would like to thank all the countries that participated in the Korean War, and I would like to express my sincere gratitude to those who participated in the war. Thank you. (__)
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,I don't use it often. It breaks my heart when I laugh and cry. Turkey, a country that should not be forgotten and appreciated, I'm glad we met even after a long time.
8,Turkey is a grateful country.
10,I cried a bucket at the ending credit ㅠ
10,Thank you very much.
10,Tears... Tears...Be sure to look at it. Once again, I feel grateful for the Turkish state.
10,It's my first time writing a movie scoreYou really need to see this
10,It's something I've never experienced before, so I thought it'd be hard to relate to.  I cried and laughed all the time.Thank you.
10,A movie that ends with crying... The main character and Seol were so good at acting that I was more immersed in watching it. crying
10,Directing or some acting may be awkward, but nevertheless, I shed tears in the movie ㅜㅜ, which I can feel and watch with my heart, not forced emotion.
10,I wish only Ayla and Schleigh happiness and good health.
10,A movie that's so touching. A movie that you must watch
10,May there be no war on this land again.  And I want to thank the warring nations for their blood
10,Turkey, Ethiopia, etc. Thank you so much. We'll also be able to help you.
10,It's not a generation that we've been through, but our sad history is heartbreaking. Through this movie, I think about how grateful I am to the Turkish nation. I won't forget. I love
10,It was the most touching movie that reminded me of how thankful I am
10,I didn't know that such a touching thing happened until now, but I'm so touched that I came across it as a movie. I cried a lot throughout the movie and documentaryHave a good rest, grandfather and grandmother who died.Ayla Kim Eunja, I hope you live a long, too
10,It's so touching My heart is so full. Turkey, I love you
10,More like a movie than a movie
10,Make sure to watch it with your family. It is a sad but heartwarming movie.
10,I cried while watching it overseas.
10,Turkey is our Hyungjae's country. Thank you. You must watch this movie. Touching true story
10,I wondered if there was another movie that touched my heart like this after "Home" ㅜㅜ I'm not forced to cry, I'm crying like a shower. Thank you, "Fan ID". Thank you, Turkey. It's a really good movie based on a true story.
10,I will never forget it veterans
10,Stop crying ㅠㅠ
10,Out of the movies I watched recently, tears...I was really impressed.
10,Thank you so much to the Turkish warriors who sacrificed for our country Thanks to you, we're living like this
10,It's touching ㅜㅜ Thank you for the good movie
10,It's the best. Really... This movie... It's the best Make sure to watch it
10,A movie worth enough.The movie was so wide that there was a limitation in expression, but it is still worth watching.It is a movie to learn about human greatness and history.It's a movie that can't be compared to Incheon Landing Operation.
10,I wish I could meet you sooner.It's sad and heartbreaking...
10,Thank you Turkey. I think I finally understand why it's a country of brothers. FYI, the girl is so cute and the male character is so cool. I highly recommend it!
10,Make sure you watch it. It's touchingㅠㅠTurkey, thank you!
10,It is thought that the impressive new drama or the Turkish Brotherhood were objectively well-made.
10,It's been a long time since I wrote a movie review. He led me to log in because I don't even log in to Naver. After watching the movie, I heard an article that Sergeant Schleiman died. I sincerely pray for the repose of the deceased.I would like to thank the Turkish people who are proud of their brothers as descendants of Korea
10,That was good. Turkey is 100% recognized as a brother country of Korea
10,What do you need to say?
10,I can see why the meaning of "Brotherland of brothers. Sergeant Schleiman, thank you~~♡
10,This is a class A movie, but if you look at the number of theaters, you can see the current status of the Korean film industry. It is a pity that pro-Japanese groups are holding tight, so if they are not rich or tight, they cannot join their own league, and B-class commercial films are over 10 million, and the theater monopoly is basic.For your information, Turkish people volunteered for free in Ferry Sewol
10,It's been a while since I cried.
10,Thank you. That's all I can say.Thank you.
10,You have to see this personally
10,I cried a lot while watching the movie. I'm so glad you found your father. Thank you Turkish soldiers for the tree.
10,I'm so touched...! I can't believe this is real ㅠㅠ
10,It's my first time crying while watching a movie. I only had tears in my eyes when I was in the international market, but this movie makes me cry.
8,an emotional film I cried a lot because I thought of Lime.
10,So touching ㅜㅜ I cried the most out of all the movies I watched recently
10,Thank you for the good movie.
10,What do I need to say?It's not fishing, so make sure to watch it with your family.
10,You have to cut me some slack. It's sad and touching
10,I thought it would be fun, so I downloaded it and I wanted you to watch it, so I never left a review, but I also left a review. I hope you watch it!Really!
10,I was so touched that I recommended it to my friends.
10,Thank you Turkey for taking the lead in helping our country.
10,Our people are the best. It's a movie that I should be thankful for
10,This kind of movie is promoted a lot, so many people should watch it.
10,Oh, so sad. So sad, so sad
10,The movie that I can't watch without tears is the most touching and lingering movie I've ever seenI don't use it because it's annoying, but I should use this movieAnd I want to say thank you to the Turks
10,This movie is really touching. There's something that touches my heart
10,This kind of movie should be made available to the whole nation.
10,I cried inside.Last Real Scene ㅠㅠ
10,It's been a while since I've seen a movie...I got emotional when Arirang came out
10,Turkey is similar to Korea It was touching and sad I'm a man, but tears
10,Awesome. It's one of the things that I can't express in words
10,Turkey, thank you It's similar to Korea Turkey, the land of brothers
10,I enjoyed watching "Neobu" Best movie of the year!
10,It was so touchingTears welled up in the scene where Schleiman and Ayla meet again.
10,I don't like war. a touching true-life paternalistic film
9,I really didn't want my friend to die when I saw him set up a flag ㅜㅜ It was touching, but I wish it had a bright happy ending. But I know it can't be helped because it's a realistic depiction of the Korean War. In conclusion, I enjoyed watching it.
9,Touching movie. Based on a true story, it seems to be well made with small capital.
10,I kept crying while watching it It's so touching
10,Turkey, the country of brothers. Thank you. Thank you to all the countries that joined the coalition.
10,It's a movie that made me watch it at the theater three times a year, even though I was about to go to the movie theater. I hope a lot of people watch it and get to know about Ayla.  Thank you for making me Ayla.
7,■ The absurdity of the stupid North Korean soldiers running to die, and the North Korean soldiers holding the AK47 and the Samick piano, which were not there at the time in 1951, were wrong, but they are so humaneAnd thanks to the Turkish soldiers. ■ Fengshigi's crap. Park Fengshigi, do you eat?L
10,I'm so sad that I'm crying
10,Turkey, the country of brothers! Thank you. I'm going to cryL
10,Thank you to all the countries that participated. I'll never forget and live a life of course
10,Best 6.25 Movies That Touch Heartstrings
10,Many countries participated in the Korean War. Not only the United States, Turkey, Ethiopia, the Philippines, Thailand, etc. Thanks to their blood and sweat, I think Korea now exists. Thank you very much for their sacrifice. Thank you.
10,It's my favorite movieMake sure you watch it
10,It's like a movie from a country that offered to help the United Nations for the first time after the outbreak of the Korean War.Turkish people, come to Korea.It makes you unable to walk because it makes your stomach explode.
10,I can't believe I'm crying while watching... I should have seen it as a loyalty, but I got beat up. ㅠㅠ
10,It's a really good movie. While watching it, I only thought about meeting you sooner.
10,I'd like to recommend you a movie called, "Ailee, I don't have a mother, I don't have a brother, I don't have a father" and
10,Awesome ㅠㅠ This is the true movie
10,Let's just watch!It's been a long time since we've seen a movie like this. We've had memories from 60 years ago
10,It was the most touching movie I saw this year.The best...
10,If the Turkish army, which separated the two, really cold-hearted Ham Ayla went to Turkey and lived with Schleiman, she would not have been so happy and missed each other.I was so upset. For over a year, the love between you two is so beautiful and sadI am glad that I met you late, but I am really upset that I met you too late
6,It doesn't taste sophisticated, but it's touching
10,I hope you don't forget the sacrifice to Turkey, the country of brothersIt's like a tsunamicrying
8,In the meantime, watch 21 of you pro-Japanese group punishment movie or absolutely no rating -_-;
4,It's a touching material based on a true story, but it's old-fashioned and sloppy
10,Thank you for helping this country in times of need.
10,It's a relief that you two were able to meet while Schleiman was alive. If Ayla could have been on the boat then, she would have lived a happier life.   Kim Seol is so cute and good at acting. Ayla Kim Eunja, be happy
10,I cried so much from the beginning of the movie...
10,I remember watching it on TV. This sad history should never happen again... And thank you Turkey.
10,Thank you very much, Mr. Schleiman. You cried a lot at the movie theater.
10,I am so touched
10,It's a rating that you don't know why an expert is really an expert.I watched it again and again in TurkeyCompared to the director's first work, it's very visualAnd from the pure perspective of the audience, we can't deny that it's a movie that needs to be watched enough
10,I hope this kind of good movie will be activated. More than Hollywood action movies  Well, what's two theaters! What's with the critics? Change the critic!  If I can afford to go to Turkey, I will definitely buy his family a meal and thank them.
10,It's a movie that realizes that it was a very grateful thing. I hope a lot of young people will watch it.
10,It was so much fun. I watched a movie and watched Turkey again
6,It feels like I'm lacking something?If Koreans made this movie by themselves, it would be worth watching
10,I was so touched that I didn't know I'd wake up
8,I cried for a long time. The actors' acting is more like 90's
4,I always evaluate objectively. Turkey is a brother country to us, and we were moved by the life of the main character, Suleiman, but the movie is the worst. It's so frustratingly bad.
1,Yes, Turkey is an Islamic country, so manure
8,The content was bound to be neo-Confucian, but it didn't feel contrived.
10,I was so moved when I watched a documentary before, but I didn't expect it to be made into a movie.
10,I was moved and I cried  It was a beautiful fate
10,I think it's a really good movie.I hope you all watch it.It's fun and touching.It's too bad that there aren't many movie theaters showing.
10,It's touching. Shuleiman Papa is amazing and thank you!
10,The devoted love of Suleiman and his friends is so overwhelming and grateful.I didn't know in detail until now, but I can see how Turkey helped us during the Korean War.I recommend the story of Schleiman and Ayla. It's our history that we must know
10,Korean theaters that don't show these movies should really reflect on themselves
8,She's a good actress It's a beautiful story. I've seen a whole bunch of them
7,It's a touching movie, but it's a bit disappointing
1,Most of the uncivilized Koreans say that even such videos are good movies. It's like a country that gets popular when it's touched or cursed. That's pathetic.
9,I shed a bucket of tears.Turkey is a country of brothers.Kim Seol was cute!
10,It's a true story movie that's really touching and touching. I hope you all watch it! I strongly recommend it!
10,It was a touching 2 hours
10,There's no need for words. crying
6,It's worth watching. It's just right
10,I hope a lot of people remember this movie
10,ㅠㅠ It's touching I saw it well. And when I ran away on Odobanggu, I learned Korean from Ayla. Lying was taught by the U.S. Army. It was funny
10,It was a movie like a letter written with a lot of longing. I think maybe Schleiman and Ayla were the saviors of each other in a life-and-death battlefield. How can I express all the affection and longing I've brought? It was a movie that made me feel that way.
10,Thank you, Turkey. Thank you, Turkish army. Thank you, Turkey. Thank you, Turkish brothers. Thank you Turkey, my friend. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
10,I can't hold back my tearscrying
10,I'm so touched.
10,I think my dry eye is better because I cried so much. A beautiful true story that's more like a movie than a movie!
10,It was a movie that made my heart beat with tears.It was a grateful time to think again about Turkey, a brother's country, and it reminded me once again that this country was not just made, but was made in a world called Together, Together.^^
10,Pyeongsik seems to be a critic of all the movies in the world. Why do you live like that? Find another job
10,It was a heartwarming movie like a miracle at Namiya General Store. What a true Turkish soldier
10,I heard the man next to me crying, so I wondered if it was that sad, but as we got to the mid-to-late part, we cried with almost everyone in the theaterㅠㅠ Especially when I read the letter that came out during the ending creditcrying
10,Let's protect the liberal democracy that Turkey has protected!
8,You shouldn't have included a four-point battle scene with a four-point emotion.
10,You were touching  Thank you
10,I don't usually write reviews after watching movies, but I can't help but use this movie...Thank you so much for the soldiers who participated in the Korean War.I'm so touched.ㅜㅜ
10,I watched it a few days ago before the screening was closed.I was impressed. Wet your clothes... There are only middle-aged people. ㅜㅜ
10,You have to watch this movieTurkey and we are brothers Turkey, I love you
10,I live in Incheon, but there is no place near Jeju, so I download it on Naver...Please increase the number of movies like thisㅠㅠ It's too much because there are not many places to see even if you want to see it at the movie theater ㅠㅠ!!!!What?
10,I'm shocked that there aren't many masterpieces like this in Korea.It's like you're forgetting history in general
10,Make sure to watch ㅜ.ㅜ I watched it twice.
10,My mom is very worried.My dad and I were impressed.
10,It's touching. ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Just as Turkey has not forgotten us, so have we not forgotten them. In the movie, they're people who know grace. That's what they say. I remember the time when the Turkish national flag flew at the 2002 World Cup.
10,It's such a touching movie! There are so many things I forgetThank you.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I love Turkey
10,I want to show a lot of screenings to express my gratitude to the Turkish army, but I don't think it's known to Koreans because there aren't many theatersI watched it with my father, and he cried a lotㅠㅠ Thank you very much! Thank you!
10,It's just the best! I strongly recommend it
10,If you cried because Kim Seol was so pretty, Turkey, thank you.   Thank you.
10,War movies can be touching. Thank you!  The land of brothers
7,Looking at the children thinking of war makes me cry.
10,It's a good movie, but it's sad that there's no theater. I cried a lot while watching it.A movie with a smile, emotion, and lingering feelings.I'm sorry that I don't get much attention in Korea, and I'm leaving a rating for the first time because I want to be loved by more people ^^
10,It's a very moving and impressive movie!!!!
10,I was even more touched when the Turks said they were the first to request support as a Korean War veteran. ㅠㅠ...I'm so grateful that I didn't despise or neglect my nationality. If I were to travel to Turkey, I would like to talk about Ayla!
10,I'm so touched. It's my first time getting a GPA
10,It was a good movie. It was so sad.ㅠㅠT
10,It's really touching. Despite the pain of the Korean War, it is a movie that I felt a lot of things such as the love that blooms in it.
10,I strongly recommend it. Touched ㅜㅜ
6,Everything was good. But the production was disappointing. ㅜㅜ The scene where we move on to the next scene was so out of the blue
10,The scale of production is not big, but the scale of touching is big.
10,I'm deeply moved and I'm tearing up
10,I cried a lot. At the end, I watched the actual video and my heart ached.I will leave my first movie score in my life. Turkey... Thank you so much.
10,I'm so happy and moved that Schleiman and Ayla went around for a long time and finally met. Thank you very much to everyone who helped me meet you.It's a movie where you can feel warm love in the midst of the terrible sadness of war^^~
10,It's a miracle that it was released in a country where even the president ignored the ceremony
10,Thank you, Turk brothers ㅠㅠ
10,After the trip to Turkey, I became more emotional.ㅠㅠ Turkey is really a brother country. Kim Seol's acting and Schleiman's acting were both good. I think there are many countries that participated in the war, so there is now Korea. Thank you, sad, and beautiful movie.
10,Tears well up~~ Kim Seol, I'm glad ^^ Fun too.  Sadness, too
10,Touching...ㅠㅠ Did you just cry without thinking?
10,It's a movie that's so touching and touching. I forgot the pain of the Korean War. It's a movie where we remember that the country that received help and helped is the country of brothers who shared blood. It's a movie that sheds tears·
10,I enjoyed it. I watched it twice
10,Pearl is so cute, I enjoyed the movie!
10,It's been a while since I cried a lot.It must be a really good movie.I'm touched, Mr. Schleiman, who's been buried in his heart for the rest of his life because of his promise to Ayla
10,It's really touching. ㅠㅠ I came to an unknown country and found out for the first time that there was a devoted carer for orphan girls in that country during the war.
10,It's such a lovely and thankful movie
10,It's really calm and touching. I'm just sorry that I'm a kimchi man in an era where the dementia king Moon Jjap Jjap is teasing veterans of the Korean War.
10,I'm crying and thankful. I have to pay back
10,It was a tough movie the whole time.My eyes were swollen and my nose was stuffy, so I couldn't breathe.
10,A true brother's land?Altruistic sacrifice? The first decision to send troops
10,It's so touching
10,Thank you for the good movie. ^^
10,It was a little vague that Turkey was a brother country, but this movie has an answer.Thank you, Turkey.
10,There are many people who don't know that Turkey is our brother country, but it was such a good movie. It touched my heart more because it was a true story. The last real scene of themselves is really... Wow.
9,A very touching film. a tear-jer
10,I want to watch it, but it's a shame that the theater is too small and the duration is too short
10,It was the second movie I watched, but it still made me watch it with tears in my eyes. It's not a fancy movie that combines twisted humanity and philosophy, but a pure heart. It's been a while since I was deeply moved
1,My brother siphoned off.
10,It's a touching and sad movie
10,That he was the first one to respond...I'm just thankful...ㅜㅜ
10,Wow. - I watched this movie once a day. - That's too much. - No matter how much you cried, the story is so touching. It's such a shame why it didn't promoted ♡♡♡♡
10,Good. Good movie. So touching!
10,I went with my parents and watched it, and both of you cried a lot. I think we should not forget that Turkish veterans are one of them, even though there were many people who helped Korean society today! I recommend it!
7,There is a lack of perfection as a movie.  But the story comes heavy.  I rated it as a movie without relying on my sensibility.  By the way, self-proclaimed critics who raise ratings by appealing to emotions rather than effects, this movie must not have appealed to your narrow-minded emotions.
10,Just watch it once!
10,Wave of emotion~ Heart-warming material
10,I watched the heartbreaking events of the Korean War as a movie. Audience ratings and self-proclaimed critics on the left are starkly different!!! Look at it first and judge^~^
6,A movie that looks like a two-hour surprise episode. The level of war part and new wave production with Ayla is too laggy and sloppy. And the second half was so emotional that I wasn't sad even when I had to be sad. However, the meaning of this movie is high.
10,Wow, I cried so much since the morning that my face is swollen. It's so touchingㅠ
10,Video beauty, music, acting, everything was perfect. It was a touching moviecrying
10,It was hard to find the theater.I can't believe there's a day when it's not shownIt was a touching human movie that I watched in tears for the first time in a long time.I want to see it again.Thank you. Turkey.
10,It was so touching and Ismail Hajioglu did a great job in acting so sad. It's a movie that I want to buy later and keep watching*^^* I love Ismail Hajioglu, and I love only Turkey, Ayla, and lastly, Shulei, who died*^^*
10,It's the best movie of the year!
10,I'm shocked that this good movie didn't have a theater, that it was only early or late at night, that it rained a week after its release, and that it was the last shock to the social atmosphere that this movie was treated like this.I feel like it, but it's unfortunate.
10,A must-see movie.
10,It's such a sad and touching movie. It's a true story, so it's sadder and it's a movie that shows perfect paternal love.Seol is so good at acting. Ismail Hajioglu is so handsome You need to promote a movie like this. A movie that many people want to see
10,Brotherhood Turkey, a story to remember
10,Did you see the theater is so bare subsistence level because we don't have.Is so touching humanity to make sure that the movie.
10,I think the warmth of Turkish soldiers will remain in my heart for a long time.I cried until my nose turned red
10,How long has it been since I cried while watching a movie?How long has it been since I cried while watching a movie?It was so good, but why did the movie end early... I can feel it, but I'm sad
8,The husband I saw together cried a lot.
10,Why is this good movie coming down so fast?There aren't that many theaters. Oh my gosh, I don't need the word "Ayla" to watch.Make sure to watch it!
10,Pyungsik Park has a very low rating for movies that are not his style. I don't understand why he is a critic at all. He will choose the movie he wants to watch at home
10,A true story movie that touches the heart of the story itself. I think it is a movie that the Korean people should watch once again. Thank you again for the country Turkey.
10,It's a movie that Cine 21 critics won't like. Political critics who have to look at everything politically. Can you really enjoy the movie if you see?
10,Thank you Ayla for making me believe in love, a movie that makes me pray for the happiness of others I've never met. I pray for the perfect happiness of Ayla and Schleiman, who taught me that there must be an infinite and warm existence in the world. In the next life, I hope you will be with your father and daughter in a peaceful world
10,The movie is a little less complete, but I hope that all Koreans will watch this movie once and remember the heroes who risked their lives in the Korean War. I'm more upset that there are so few theatersㅜ
10,Ayla... I'm touched
10,Thank you for being Ayla's father
10,Here and there!Me too!
10,It was so touching the whole time I watched it.If you don't watch it, you'll regret it Make sure to watch it
10,I laughed and cried. It's been a while since I watched a proper movie It's even more touching because it's a true story
10,I was waiting for a movie after watching a documentary, but I didn't know it was screened because there weren't many theaters, and I hate the theaters that organized these movies in bad time zones. There wasn't much drama, but it wasn't too loose I barely held back my tears at the end
10,I watched it with my mom.I didn't know Arirang was this kind of song. There are countless war orphans like this in the world - I hope there will be a world without war.
9,It's nice. It's heartwarming. I think the power of promise is amazing
9,It was a very moving and sad movie that showed the horrors of war. Although the screening time is relatively long, I think each small scene is meaningful.
10,Now we'll remember
10,It's really well-made. Please increase the number of theaters
10,A tearfully beautiful movie, Turkish is cool!
10,I didn't have a lot of screenings, so I watched it late at night and it was really touching ㅠㅠ I thought about Turkey again ㅠㅠ Seol is so cute and pretty ㅠㅠㅠ  Actor Schleiman...So handsome...
10,A 33-year-old dog crying handkerchief is a must at a movie theater
10,I watched it on June 25 - a pretty movie that made me realize why Turkey is a brother country. It's calm fun and Turkish actors are cool. Kim Seol Yang's smile is so healing! A lot of people should watch this kind of movie... There's no theater, no time, and CGV doesn't do it anymore. That's so mean
10,I won't forget all the countries that helped usㅜㅜ
7,I guess I had high expectations. It's touching.
2,It's a true story that'em being moved
10,There aren't many theaters, so I didn't know. I watched it. It was so touching that I watched it and left a review
10,There weren't many theaters showing it, so I purposely went to CGV in another neighborhood and watched it. A Korean War film shot in Turkey. Touching ㅠㅠㅠㅠThe child is so cute and the Turkish soldiers look great. In the last 20 minutes, stormy tears
10,It is a touching epic that warms your heart and reminds you of old memories.
10,It was touching. I strongly recommend it
10,I'd like to thank Tuggy.I cried a lot because I couldn't relate to it because it was a true story.I couldn't even hit my eyes with the last real picture  Everyone, watch it♡
10,ㅠㅠ Thank you so much to Turkish actors, Kim Seol Yang, and the director, and most of all to the veterans for making this great movie
6,It's a movie that's attractive for some reason, although its quality is not good. By the way, Seol is really good at acting! I fell in love with Seol
10,If we don't remember many of the veterans who came all the way to other countries and died, who will? I'd like to thank one girl for giving life to the people of a country a future
9,In the last part, I cried a lot ㅠㅠ
10,I will watch it. There is no movie theater. Please increase it This movie. It's touching. It's the way of tears
10,Thank you to all the people who fought for other countries I respect you. Thank you for creating the future
10,I'm so touched. I can't help but think about why I woke up on June 25th. Turks are nice
10,It is a must-see movie.We all have to thank the Turks.I only respect Schleigh. I learned a lot.It is all the more touching because it is a true story.I watched it with my mom and it was so good!^^
10,I'm so sorry that there aren't many theaters You really need to see this I was going to watch another movie, but I'm grateful for the situation. And once again, thank you to Turkey and other countries I could feel that the director tried to capture the beauty of Korea more than any other Korean director
10,I'm going to write a rating for the first time. Why do they use it? Just look!
10,It's a very well-made movie. I really enjoyed itI'm so touched and grateful to Turkey
10,I'm so touched. I'm interested in Turkey
10,It's a must-see movie, but why is the theater so small? I managed to schedule a screening time and watched it. It is a very moving movie, which is very touching.
10,Turkey, thank youㅜㅜ I'm looking back at June 25, but I can't get rid of the lingering emotionsㅜㅜ Thank you for the beautiful movie
10,The movie that made me know why Turkey is a brother country.crying
10,Schleiman is so handsome ㅠㅠ And the content is so touching. ㅠㅠ And only Schleigh is so handsome Ugh
10,It is not a flashy video but a Turkish movie, but I was able to empathize with it and watched it well. Tears... >_<
10,Please extend the screening time of the theater. I really wanted to see this, so I watched it at a movie theater far away from home, but I want to watch it five more times from now on ㅠㅠ
10,Turkey, wonderful country, Turkey, brother country...
10,I looked up MBC documentary after watching this
10,What a heartwarming movie!
10,It would have been nice if we met earlier. It is a sad but touching moviecrying
8,The actor who plays Schleiman played a resonant performance.It's like a real person.I'm surprised this is a true story.I am grateful to realize that all the veterans at that time were precious children.I hope a lot of people watch it.Please increase the number of theaters.
10,I want to light up the world as a good person like Mr. Schleiman
10,I didn't expect this, but it's the best movie of the first half ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I miss you again
10,It was a touching movie I'm so sad that there aren't many theaters. I hope you can promote and advertise a good movie that'  I cried while watching a movie. My eyes are swollen Haha
10,At first, I thought it was a documentary, and I didn't expect to see it in a movie like this, but I can feel the director's desire to convey to people the impression he received in the actual story. I don't think it's a new school. I want to keep the warm story of Schleiman and Ayla in my heart for a long time.
10,I hope you watch this movieㅠㅠ 내일 I was going to watch it tomorrow, but I had to watch it because it was the last screening of Ayla in our region. It was a movie that made me think a lot about the Korean War and Turkey I laughed, cried, and did everythingcrying
10,I saw it today^^ It made me think about Turkey again. It's so touchingIt's the best movie in the first half of the year
9,I saw it on June 25th and it's even more touching. The actors' acting was a bit awkward, but I don't think there was a big problem in getting immersed. I cried my eyes out. I think it's a movie that Koreans should watch!
10,Look, it's not a waste of money
10,I went in without much expectation and came out crying...It's a calm movie and it's a true story, so I think it's more touching Recommendation!
10,I'm touched~~ I'm sad. Let's not forget, veterans
10,A movie that people should watch
9,Please eat a lot of Turkish kebab
10,Your reunion is so touchingㅜㅜ
10,Kim Seol's acting as a child is amazing
10,A movie that I can watch quietly with my parents
8,I remember Ayla's round face ^^
10,Park Pyeong-sik, that man, doesn't deserve to talk about movies.
10,I can't control my tear glands because I'm old I should go to the hospitalI want to be mine
8,I was so curious about the Korean girl's growth process, but it was a little disappointing that it came out briefly, but the process of telling a touching story made me keep my eyes on it throughout the movie.
10,I've seen a lot of sad movies, but I've never cried because I was so moved. There weren't many people in the movie theater, so I cried a lot.
10,Get rid of Hankyoreh's 21 press rating on Naver
10,It's touching and I think it will remain in my heart for a long time. I felt warm humanity
10,It's been a while since the movie cost was not a waste.It is not a movie made in Korea, but I hope that many people will watch it and think about the pain of our history again and that the relationship between Turkey and our country will improve again. It's too bad there aren't many theaters.
10,I haven't watched it yet, but I cried a lot just watching the preview... Oh... I can't go to the movie theater. I want to pay you to download it and watch it in my room crying my heart out.But when I saw the movie theater... There are so few theaters.   I don't have any in Seoul around the weekend.
10,War is a very tragic movie, and it is a touching movie that I felt very grateful for Turkey.
9,I can't help but leave a rating. Thankful country for coming to see you.I got to know it because my Turkish friend recommended it to me, and I was waiting for it to be released and watched it, and it's a movie worth watching. (But what's wrong with the critic's rating?)
7,RANOVEL: I married a girl my dad picked me out of anger because she wore her rubber shoes backwards, but it turns out she's a model-like wise woman?!When I was young, I broke up with my stepfather again and lived as a low-class resident of Seoul because I couldn't get support from my parents. In the movie, I was the hostess of a luxury apartment in the upper class?
10,I recommend it. Sick history of our country.A lovely child.Thank you, Turkish soldier.
10,a touching film that leaves you out of the picture throughout the show
10,It's so touching. Compared to the love we received, we don't remember much I think again that we're a nation of brothers Make sure to take tissue and watch it twice~~!
10,I recommend you to bring tissues or handkerchiefs Thank you Turkey
10,It's clumsy, but you made it well. Crying guy
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's not too heavy, but it's very sad and touchingThe actors were so great and I liked the styling and visual beauty Once again, thank you to the Turks
8,The movie was okay, but I felt sorry for the wife and daughter who bought a few things together because of the selfishness of the main character.I wish I had described that part better.
10,It's so touching.^^
8,To be honest, I was disappointed in the probability and drawing of the movie. But the content of the movie makes me feel heart-wrenching and feel a lot of things.I really appreciate the spirits who sacrificed a lot for our country during the war, and I hope we can be a country that pays back as much as we received help from the international community.
8,The supporting acting and the early Korean background were clumsy, but it was better than I thought. I recommend it as a family movie.
10,It's so sad. It's the eyes of a foreign director, so there are a few scenes that became comedic in Korean directing, but I liked it better
10,It was a movie that was so sad but so beautiful that a child born in the heart, the relationship between a child and a Turkish soldier, in the terrible of war
10,I really recommend it.  It's a calm but life movie that leaves a strong impression on humanity
10,I regret not knowing much about Turkey. Thank you to the Turkish veterans who took care of the war orphans and protected the Republic of Korea...
10,The story is also a story, but the main character of Schleiman and Seol's acting skills beyond the national anthem were impressive. I was more immersed and enjoyed watching it even though it was long.
8,Dads let go of everything they had endured when they said they would live to keep their promise to the childcrying
10,Thank you. I'm sorry.
10,I cried a lot because it was a true story.
8,The sudden comedy in the middle was embarrassing, but the main character is good at careful acting.It's heartbreaking that it's a true story.
10,Seriously, when I see Moon Jae In right now, I can't help but sigh. They're all insulting the war
10,It's even more fun because Ayla and Schleiman are so good at picking the main characters  I did a good job of looking at the money so it wasn't a waste
10,Seol is so good at acting. Thank you, grandpa Schleiman~I cried so much 진짜 It's really touchingI strongly recommend it
1,In short, Yoon Je-kyun of Turkey
10,I'm so touched~All the more because it's a true story
10,It is a grateful masterpiece that touches my heart more because it is a true story and makes me feel catharsis by wetting my heart with touching contents and expressions.
10,a father and daughter in war
10,The day that Koreans must watch and remember
10,The movie that made me realize the meaning of my dad's existence. Turkey was love
10,It's the best movie ever Let's remember 625
10,I've never written anything like this, but I really want to write it, so I hope many people see itThe Turks actually helped the war and took care of the orphans, but our country didn't care much.Thank you so much and it would have been nice if Grandpa Schleiman watched the movie with Grandma Ayla
10,I cried because I was so immersed in the scene.I wasn't going to cry ㅜㅜ That's touching.
10,I think it's a great movieToo bad there aren't many theaters
10,Dictator Moon Jae In Don't meddle in the public eye, the people you talk to come first, is this the level of bad Neuhmushiki theaters too   Why am I a citizen of North Korea? I feel bad for filming this person. I give foreign movies a screen monopoly and bad luck
10,I can't believe there aren't many theaters for such masterpieces!
10,It was a touching movie
10,Office workers want to see Ayala after work, but there is no theater. Who's making the time zone? Please be considerate of office workers.
10,Now I understand why Turkey is a brother country.I want to know Turkey.I want to go to Schleiman's house.
10,A movie that prevents malicious xers from actively making a hit.It's such a good movie.
10,The Turkish guy. He's handsome. The baby comes out so lovely at the end.I was so sad that I cried a lotIt's so much fun
10,It's a cute, touching, and really big movie
10,Water polo-shaped traitorous country pro-Japanese acquisition conservative Gaesikhee
10,Let us forget those who sacrificed their country.Sometimes, I feel emotional whenever I see the elderly who participated in the war. I think the movie Ayla is a pretty good trick. What's unfortunate is that it's a testamentary part.At that time, weapons, military uniforms, hanbok, and background sets were marked.If I had invested more, it would have been a historic piece
10,Come to think of it, today is June 25. A moment of silence.
10,It was so touching and touching to watch yesterday. I think it's a really good movie.I hope it's promoted and people watch it.It's a pity that there aren't many audiences because it hasn't been released for a few days It was a movie that made my heart flutter and shed tears.I've never seen my husband cry while watching a movie.lol
10,It was a touching movie that lingered for a few days To the point where I want to see you again
10,If you liked seeing JinJoo's face after a long time, please continue to grow cute and pretty
10,The hot reunion of Ayla and Schleiman makes me cry
10,Fun and touching. the story of the people of Seonan A movie that makes you feel good.
10,I've been waiting since I watched the documentary, but now I'm watching it. The process before the domestic release was also complicated. There were internal problems in the Turkish regime. I hope a lot of people watch it because it's the Korean War. Let's not forget the kindness of the veterans
10,It's so touching. Turkey's country. Thank you
10,It's so much fun. It's so sad. I cried a lot. I want to go to Turkey
10,I would like to thank everyone for their help in protecting the Republic of Korea and liberal democracy.
10,I'm touched. It's a movie about Turkish soldiers' true love for Korean orphans. Strongly recommend
10,It's warm and heart-warming I was happy to see a moving movie after a long time Thank you. ^^
8,A movie depicting a flower.
6,an uncountable mathematical film
10,It's my first time to leave a review. Young man Schleiman and grandfather Schleiman were both delicately good at acting, so I fell in love with them, and I watched them with emotion, fun, tears, and runny nose. Maybe it's because it's a true story, but it still lingers after watching it. I am also grateful to Turkey, the country of brothers.
10,It makes me think again if I have a promise with my son that I haven't kept yet We strongly recommend it. ^^
10,It's our history to remember.
10,It is touching that love can exist even in war.
10,A touching movie that sublimates generational homogeneity and painful history into love.
10,The people should see it.Good!
10,It's touching from a true story.Make sure you watch it.ㅠㅠ)
10,It's so touchingㅜㅜ I'm so sorry that Schradermann passed away last year and couldn't attend the premiere together. Thank you.
10,It was the best moving movie  It's so touching to hear that it's a movie promise that I want to make
10,I'm going to score 10 points because the leftists are obviously terrorizing
10,It's touching...It's not too sleepy or gloomy. It's fun. Make sure to watch it. There are many movies that have been released, so it's too bad that there aren't many audiences or theaterscrying
10,I cried from beginning to end. It's really touching and fun, so don't hesitate. I would like to express my respect and gratitude to those who sacrificed themselves for a small country that I may not have even known. Kim Seol as Ayla is so cute and Ismail Hasioglu as Schleiman was cool!
1,The worst movie of my life...It was less interesting than the documentary of the Korean War and less interesting than the military movie on the Armed Forces Broadcasting.
10,I smiled while watching "So-hwak-haeng" and "Aila ayla" during the war
10,It's touching. Real stories are always more touching than made-up stories
9,a true story that is neo-fascinating and cinematic
10,It was really touching.It's another movie I want to watch. I watched it yesterday, and I still feel desperate
10,It's a movie that lacks 10 points There aren't many ㅠㅠ theaters, so I went to a movie theater in a different area and watched it.It was a pity that Mr. Schleiman died shortly after the reunion. I recommend you to watch it at least once.
10,I have to watch a movie like this. It was so touching
10,Turkey was the first country to apply for war, and an orphan school was established to take care of the children The movie feels like North Korea's atrocities of genocide against its people have been eliminated by external pressure. The North Korean issue must be approached carefully to prevent another tragedy of the Korean War. Shame to Turkey. Let's educate history
10,When I saw the documentary before, it was very touching. ㅠㅠ It came out as a movieI know what it's about, but I watched it yesterday! It was touching. It's been 60 years since I came to Korea to meet Ailee. I'm so thankfulㅠㅠ 꼭 Make sure to watch it!!
10,It's healing time to time. At the end, it was a real storm of tears. Touching! Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠ It's a good movie... Too bad there aren't many theaters. And Turkey was the first to answer America's request I won't forget Hah!
10,The best movie... My heart was so sad and I cried so much that I didn't have enough tissue. I felt grateful to Turkey. May Shuleiman rest in peace I won't forget your warm heart
10,Movies that you watch with your heart rather than eyes.As time goes by, you'll find that you're following Schleiman's feelings without realizing it.
10,It's the best movie these days
10,A country of brothers. I feel grateful. I want to travel to Turkey.
10,Sad, sad, pretty, full of love...Tears well up in the eyes of the heartbreaking emotion.There should be no war, and I hope all the babies in the world will grow up happily.It's been 60 years since we met, and my heart is still broken.
2,Good, the best. It's so touching
10,Thank you. I won't forget. 6.25 today:
10,I'm sure it's a fierce war, but I'm glad and healed to see Schleiman and Ayla.Once again, I realize how grateful I am to my brother's country, Turkey
10,It's touching and fun.
10,It's not a movie that forces you to cry.About 70 years ago, I would like to thank everyone and their families for coming all the way to Korea to fight for the freedom of this land, leaving all their loved ones in their homeland. Thank you, especially the Turks, my brother's country.
10,..♡ I was so touched and I felt thankful
8,It's strange that the details are not so good and my Korean is not good enough. It was a touching and worth watching. I felt grateful for Turkey once again
10,I watched it today, and I think it's a movie that Korean people must watch
10,It's a warm movie that feels like it's dragging something heavy. ^^
10,Although it was unfamiliar to me because it was different from the harmony of Korean movies these days, I couldn't help but shed tears at the depth of humanism and humanity contained in this movieㅠㅠ Regardless of ideology, it's a movie that I want everyone to watch, regardless of whether it's progressive or conservative.
10,There should be a lot of theaters for this kind of movie.  It was so touching
10,Laughing and crying throughout the year, it is a movie that I will truly remember this year.
10,It's a true story that touches my heart more than Schindler's list. I regret and am sorry that I learned why Turkey is a brother country from the movie. Conversely, if our troops participate in the Turkish Civil War, would they build a school and help the children? It's better than Japan, which is distorting history
10,It was a touching movie.Thank you Turkish soldiers for fighting like this at the expense of their lives.
10,I saw it at the premiere of the Busan Cinema Center, and after the movie, I gave a standing ovation. It was a great movie that reminded me of the Korean War in June and reminded me of the relationship between Turkey and Korea.
10,The movie is over, but there are some people sitting down and crying. I thought it was more touching and worth seeing because it was a true story. I feel like I got a good gift from a touching movie after a long time.^^
10,It was so touching. I want the movie theater to be bigger.
10,Are we really a people who repay the favor? Are we treating war veterans and meritorious nations like that? Let's reflect on ourselves and buy Turkish ice cream
10,I've been looking forward to this movie, but there are few theaters in my town and the time is limited
10,It was really touching because it was a true story. It took me an hour to watch it because it wasn't shown in the theaters around me, but I'm glad I watched itTurkey, a brother country! I won't forget their noble spirit. Thank you.
10,It's really touching. It's not a forced sadness squeezed out of the sect, it's really heart-rending.I watched it on Friday morning and it still lingers. I hope more people watch this and don't forget this story.
10,I just saw it and wrote it 너무It was so touchingI cried a lot. You made a true story into a movie The visuals were really good, too Make sure to watch it!
10,It's the best! It's all fun and touching. Also, thank you to everyone who protected Korea. Thanks to you, Korea exists!
10,The most touching movie of my life! I hope there is a lot of screening management.If it weren't for the big business monopoly--
10,I cried for the first time in a while.And I cried more because it was a true story.
7,It's a bad movie, but... It's a true story, so I thought it was meaningful. Your daughter must have waited a long time. Although the Turkish soldiers did their best just to save their lives. War hurts many people.
10,It is a touching movie based on a true story.The actual meeting with Ayla at the end was touching
10,A man who has served in the army will sympathize and shed tears.
10,It's a movie of my life with good video and music. It's good for many people to watch, but it's a shame that there aren't many theaters. I strongly recommend this movie.
10,It's the only movie that touched my heartIt's the first movie that I searched on Naver and logged in with stars and one line review It's a movie that doesn't waste any money and time and it really leaves a lingering impression
10,First of all, it's my first time to leave a rating. I watched it today, and I cried from the start of the movie. My mom, who doesn't cry, cried, too. I've heard that Turkey is a country of brothers since I was young, but watching the movie touched my heart more. I'm going to watch it again next week!
10,I hope a lot of people see it, and I hope there's no war on this land again
10,I watched it with my parents Before the movie started, my dad who laughed a little bit asked why there were so many people. He cried throughout the movie, so I gave him a tissueMom, dad, and I cried a lotI think it's a great movie Video clips and songs were all goodFor the first time in my life, I did so well that I wrote my GPA
10,A film that shows how vicious the Red North is
10,A movie that still lingers after the movie. A must-see movie. A movie that's not a waste of money. Thank you, Turkish soldiers
10,It's touching. I love Turkey
10,Thank you, Turkey
10,It was new and touching to see the Korean War from another country's perspective. I recommend it.
10,Tears are flowing endlessly
8,Although the quality of the movie was poor, I could see the simple beauty of the movie.To tell the story of a war movie, the horrors of war are reduced.
10,Make sure to watch it. It's touching
10,It's a movie that made me think about how grateful I am for Turkey. And thank you not only to Turkey, but also to all the veterans and nations.
10,I really don't use things like this a lot. I was so touched아It's a beautiful war movie.I think it needs to be a hit in Korea
10,It is the movie of my life movie. crying
10,It's so touching. Make sure to watch it
10,It's touching. T.T. I didn't expect much. It's more touching than any other movieIt's based on a true story, so it's a movie that remains in my heart
7,It's a real story. It's a heavy echo and emotion
10,I was looking forward to it even before it was released. As expected! I'm just glad I saw you! They really know the comments. It's going to be my favorite movie ㅜㅜ
10,It is a very warm movie. I wish there were more theaters ㅜㅜ
10,I must remember my brother's country that helped me during the Korean War!It was such a warm and touching movie!I kept crying while watching it. It's a movie I want to watch again
1,Frankly, it is loose, boring, and exaggerated, but Marilyn Monroe's consolation performance seems to be true, and the last reunion scene was touching.It's a bit of a shame that Ayla lived a life of ups and downs.I wanted you to succeed.Slayman is happy to be successful with the fated woman you met on the radio of your first breakup.Not with our emotions
10,I want to see you again. ㅠㅠ It was touching and fun.
10,Touching ㅠㅠ A bucket of tears
10,I pray that the Turkish soldier will rest in peace at the end
10,It was a really analog movie. Not sensual, but touching. And, very warm.
10,Thank you to the Turkish soldiers who came from far away country to help Korea, which is a war zone called Turkey
8,A moving movie. Surprise movie version
10,More than a hero movie...The movie that I watched while feeling emotions...It's not as good as it really is, but...It's worth taking care of course.
10,Thank you again to Turkey
10,My tear glands are dry and painful.
10,Thank you. Thank you again
10,There are few theaters and the number of theaters is too small, so I hope you can increase it. I watched the first episode on Sunday morning. I couldn't stop crying. I hope to see it
10,It's a really good movie.I almost cried.
10,A must-see movie. Mom, dad, and grandmother
10,I'm so touched. Will there be a twist at the end? Alone, foot-dong ㅠㅠ...Make sure to watch it! Tissue is a mustThe color of the movie is so pretty.
10,I went to see it with my wife, but there was only one person, so three people watched it.I'm sad that such a good movie is out of my interest.
10,Brother's country!@@!
8,The Korean War is not just a painful history for Korea. It was a really good movie, but the last part was too long.
10,Those who are watching the movie, please watch MBC Documentary Blue-Eyes Soldier and Goa Girl that aired last year!
10,I'm going to go watch it again. Please show it a lot crying
10,Thank you for making a moving movie. Turkey is our brother's country!
7,I guess I wanted to put too much... The development wasn't smooth... It's a movie that I liked...
9,It's a bit of a drag, but it's the best war movie.And respect and thanks to the Turks who fought for their country
10,I got in trouble from the start to the end because I was so sad
10,I cried all the time. It's such a good movie
10,May God's blessing be with Turkey
10,The acting and casting are perfect. I wonder why this movie is not famousㅠ
10,I think it's the best movie of my life.It's so touching and I want to watch movies again and again.ㅜㅜ I hope that the theater and the running time will be extended and many people will watch it! ㅠㅠ Handsomeness that resembles actor Bae Jung Nam! Haha
10,I cried a lot ㅠㅠ 꼭 Make sure to watch it
10,The best impression of my life that I met by chance.The father of the world lives to keep his promise with his child.Watch it with your daughter and meet Ayla, a movie that doesn't have an audience that happens in countless nostalgic subtitles.We owe the world more than we thought.View Turkey through Schleiman.
8,I kept crying. I was so touched
8,I wanted to see this.Every movie theater doesn't have much time. ㅜㅜ I miss you so much
10,It was good. At first, I wondered what it was, and when I saw it, I cried.
8,It's not a big scale for a war movie, but the story was touching
10,As long as there were no awkward directions, the touching moments of the true story and the thankfulness of Turkey.
9,It was a touching movie.
10,He's trying to get a lead shot with Winchester
10,I just saw it, and I'm using it as soon as I get home. It was a sad and beautiful story that made me cry and have a runny nose, not a forced emotion after a long time.I still can't get over it. I hope many people watch it
8,A grandfather kept crying while watching a movie in the line I sat on. It is very meaningful to say "You were not alone" to the generation who went through the war.
10,Turkey, thank you I enjoyed the movie
10,Make sure to watch Ayla.  Those who sacrificed for our country...Bow down. Thank you so much
10,It's a movie that expresses the meaning of a promise again.
10,I strongly recommend this movie. I cried
10,I vowed not to cry and went in, but... I cried.It reminded me of Turkey's gratitude once again, and I knew that the content was based on a true story, so I watched it with more immersion. Let us not forget once again that Turkey helped us during the Korean War.
10,I cried throughout the movie
10,Turkey is our eternal brother
10,A beautiful and heart-warming film.
10,I respect the Turks.
10,Regardless of the quality of the film, you must watch this movie.I heard 5 million people watched it in Turkey.In Korea...?I hope a lot of people watch it because it went viral.
10,There are a lot of people in the country that I owe you. I have to repay you now.
10,I cried a lot. It was more heartbreaking and touching because it was a true storyI hope the audience will increase because it is well known.crying
10,By the time I get off work, I followed Lee Ji-in's movie without any information. I really enjoyed it. I hope a lot of people watch it because it's a commercial ^^
10,Thank you to everyone who protected another Ayla on this land.
10,I really enjoyed it. It's a movie with a true story, so I was more moved and enjoyed it
10,The movie made me think about Turkey again and feel grateful for the pain of war.
10,My favorite movie is more than I expected
10,It was so touching! Make sure to watch it. ㅠㅠT
9,It's a movie that I want many people to see because there are more theaters. I almost cried several times while watching it, but I endured it well because there was a friend next to me. I'm thinking about watching it again later
10,Thank you for the great movieAnd thank you
9,Touching~ Thank you again to the Turkish soldiers. Child actor Kim Seol's acting is the best! Take your handkerchief. ^^
10,It's been a long time since I saw a moving movie
10,You're the best! Tears welling up!
10,Make sure you watch it! The Turks are cool; but Mr. Schleiman died six months ago ㅜㅜ
10,Turkish soldiers who participated in the war, I respect you and thank you very much.
10,Also, the prejudice of 6,25 was overwhelmingly touching. It's a beautiful fairy tale. It was good for my parents to see, too.
8,It's so touching.  Turkey is a family of brothers. Thanks to you, our country has grown this much.  Thank you.
10,My favorite movie is June 25. Yes, it's a must-see movie.
1,"Daehan News" style. So touching
10,I watched it with my parents, and it was really touchingMy parents even want to see the documentaries of Goschleiman and Kim Eun-ja.It was an opportunity to think about Turkey, a brother country, and I felt a strong sense of humanity.I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,It's our brother country. Let's be thankful and remember
10,It is a movie worth watching.
8,The love that bloomed in a terrible war...It sounds like a cliche, but... I think I did a good job.  You can make a new movie like this
10,It's touching to feel grateful for Turkey.
10,It's a movie that lingers for a long time even after watching the movie.
10,It's the best...I don't need to stop you
10,Go watch a movie that shows your true father with the men around you
10,I watched it with high expectations, but the actors' acting skills were excellent and I was captivated by the emotion. It's a true story. It's not a waste of money. It's a movie that you get. I highly recommend it!
10,Make sure to watch it ㅜㅜ twiceㅜㅜ I'll see you againㅜㅜ
10,I went to see Jojo with my mom. Both the color of the movie and the actors' acting skills were good. I don't cry a lot when I watch movies, but I cried a lot There's a deep impression in the calmness. Fatherhood that goes against 60 years... I realized the love of humanity that I had forgotten.
10,Make sure you watch it. I cried throughout the movie--T
10,A sad, touching movie based on this true story between provocative movies ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Storm Crying
10,Tears welled up in the morning.It's touching.
10,I want to thank Turkey
10,Make sure to watch it. Twice, three times, and again.Make sure you watch it. It's also a great luck to watch such a great movie.
10,It's so touching. Thank you again to the Turkish veterans.
10,Ismail Hajioglu is really handsome, and Kim Seol's child actor is really good at acting. It's even more touching that it's a true story. I really enjoyed it
10,After watching Ayla, the phrase "War of the Year/True Movie" will come out.
10,It was a touching and sad story, so I cried a lot. It's a movie that lingers a lot. I'm sorry that the promotion didn't go well and there aren't enough theaters. The day after tomorrow is 68 years since the Korean War, and I hope many people will watch it.
10,I cried all the time thinking that I'm thankful and sorry
7,Dad, thank you for taking care of me
10,I really enjoyed watching it yesterday and leave a rating. I applaud the Turkish government, including Schleiman, for helping the Korean War.
10,It's so touching. ㅠㅠㅠ
10,Look at this. I have no regrets!  I always watch action movies, but watching movies like this makes me feel clean. I've never seen a movie and left a review It's my first time. I don't care about ratings. Trust me, Turkey. Thank you so much.I'll go eat kebab sometime
10,I was looking forward to this movie after watching Seoul mate ㅜㅜ
10,Just watching the trailer makes me cry.I can't wait to see a movie.
10,It was hard to leave for a while even if the movie subtitles went down until I was able to calm down my tears
10,A good film. Respect and appreciation for the humanity of the Turks.
10,It's so touching...
10,a film that shows what a person should be to a person
10,It's a great movie. truth.
10,It's touching, but it's not just touching. It's the overall composition and completeness of the movie
10,I'll have to watch it on the weekend ‥
10,Would it be as big as Hollywood? After watching the movie, I couldn't swallow popcorn because I was choked up watching the movie that made me feel ashamed of myself
10,Thank you so much for your help ㅠㅠ brother country. It's a very moving movie, but it's a shame that there are so few ㅠㅠ theaters. Kim Seol baby is so cute. The male lead is good at acting
10,I got in trouble because I cried. It was so sad to think that it was real
10,No matter how late it was, it was a pity that I was the only one in the theater on the second day of its release. It's been a while since I watched a heart-warming movie. I love you, Turkey
10,There should be more theaters This kind of movie made me feel so sad once or twice a day
10,I broke up because Korean supporting actors couldn't actㅍ
9,The background is the story of a Turkish soldier who fought in the Korean War, but the pure humanity of a Turkish young soldier and faith in Papa, the only will of an orphan in the Korean War, remained in their hearts for 50 years... In the latter part, tears flowed down
10,I'm sorry to hear that Schleiman's father died
10,I'm sorry to hear that Schleiman's father died
10,What a life movie! It was a great movie that made me think about not only how grateful I am for Turkey, but also about humanity and real love~~
9,The blood is not mixed and the race is different, but the affectionate love between the father and the daughter is touching. ㅜㅜ I went to the end and cried.
8,It was nice to see this historical thing in a movie. I won't forget Turkey ☆ Melhava Sevillaume Chokyuzel ♡
10,I went to watch it alone and cried so much that my handkerchief got wet without looking at others. ㅠㅠㅠI've been looking forward to the movie since the preview came out, so I watched it as soon as it was released, and it was a movie that wouldn't be a waste to watch again after paying two or three times!I want to recommend it to people around me
7,If you want to watch a well-mate movie, don't watch it, but if you want to find a movie that touches you deeply, watch it. I am grateful to Turkey once again.  Schleiman, a great man who's had a deep relationship for a year and a half and kept a promise for the rest of his life.
10,I sobbed in the movie theater. ㅠㅠ You're the best
10,I was really touched.
10,In the history of the movie, the story and mise-en-scene cover up the movie even if it's sad
10,I cried a lot  a must-see movie
10,Park Pyeongsik is... Phew, let'sigh.
10,Pro-North Koreans won't like this movie
10,I watched a movie today and I think I shed a lot of tearsㅜㅜ It's amazing that it's a true story, and I'm so glad that you're reunited during your lifetime. Grandma, stay healthy!
10,It was my first time writing a speech after watching the movie, and my girlfriend and I cried a lot. In the beginning, I thought I should have watched something else, but later I thought I did really well. I remember watching the documentary before, and it was my life work.
10,It's a recommendation that doesn't need words.
6,I didn't cry all the time watching the movie.
10,It's a touching story. I hope we can secure the screen a lotcrying
10,A must-see movie for those who have served in the military
10,I'm so sad I hope this doesn't happen again
10,The critics are full! The movie is okay. I heard 5 million people in Turkey. It's well-made based on a true story. Sometimes, it makes us see our ordinary and harsh daily lives with the eyes of solidarity. 2 hours where your daily life becomes a miracle! Turkish actors, Kim Seol-yang's acting is also great. I strongly recommend it!
6,It's great! A bit of tears
9,My eyes are swollen because I watched it with tears in my eyes throughout the movie.Turkish actors and repal pearl acting was so much Especially Nam Joo! It was a bit clumsy in terms of original and movie making, but if you don't analyze it like a critic, it's a touching movie.I've been thinking about Turkey.Thank you.
10,I was so sad at the end 실 He's good at acting
10,I cried throughout the movie It's so touching. I hope many people watch it
10,If you wake up with a key-like name Ayla in a friendly voice, you will go back to the warmest days.
10,Half of the running time, tears drop.
10,If you evaluate it simply as a movie, you will give different stars, but it was the best movie for me just to portray the story of a more beautiful father and daughter in detail because they exist.
10,I kept cryingㅠㅠ They don't even come to buy things like this, but look at them
10,I watched it at the Turkish Film Festival last year and it was really touching!! Biz Korelier sizi Turk arkadaslari gercekten seviyorumuz! sizinle sonsuza!
10,It's so touching Make sure to watch it Please ㅠㅠ
10,Korea and Turkey, which were intertwined in the Korean War, were deeply moved... Reunion after 60 years. It is a work that I had been looking forward to even before I saw the plot alone, but tears continue to flow in the second half.
10,Look twice. Look three times It's a movie that I really really want to watch again. ㅠㅠ보 I can't cry watching it. Kim Seol is really good at Yeonga and the actor who played only Shulei is so handsome I'm going to watch it one more time to time
10,When we think of our history, deep pain comes to mind first, but it is a movie that makes us feel grateful for the grace our country received from other countries. It was a warm and touching work focusing on paternal love and humanism rather than war or politics.
10,I want to see it, but there's a theater, but there's too little time option ㅜㅜ
10,It's a good movie, but it's too bad there aren't many theaters ㅜㅜ
10,I hope it's promoted a lot.
10,Once again, thank you to the Turkish veterans. And I hope that there will never be another war on this land.
10,It is a movie about a warm heart that blooms in spite of the terrible bad conditions of the Korean War. It is an honor to see such a beautiful movie.
10,Plan x x x x x x x Hey, you're just as cheap looking at history as you are Listen to me. It's a sad story. It's a shame that I live with a guy like you
10,Really... It's a movie where both fun and touching coexist. The most fun movie I've seen recently...But there aren't many theaters It's such a bummer... I think I need to come see it again with my friend
10,I was the only one who watched the late night movie alone, but it was so touching ㅜㅜ Tears!!! What a great movie!
1,Chinese movie-like affordability stands out
10,Thank you for allowing me to watch such a meaningful movie. I cried so muchㅠㅠ Seriously, you have to watch this! The best movie of my life! I strongly recommend it!
10,The tragedy of the war and the touching true story that bloomed in it were depicted in a light and not boring way. Thanks to all the actors' enthusiastic performances, including the great performance of child actor Kim Seol-yang, I was able to maximize my emotions. A movie that I want to recommend to those who are less sensitive in their lives.
10,Turkey is our brother country.  Let's be thankful and remember
10,I cried a lot. It's touching and fun.Thank you for watching :-) The child actor was very cute.
10,The focus is not on war but on relationships. a beautiful miraculous connection A movie that is more sad because it is calm.
10,It was so touching.I hope a lot of people watch it.Try writing a correction mark.
10,Look twice. Look three times.
10,This movie is a real story and it's really emotional. Before he died, I met and listened to old man Schleiman as an example. Turkey and Korea are really brother countries.It's touching.
10,It's touching, but it's not strong, and it feels like a balance between humor and Schleiman's love for the family.We won an award at a foreign film festival, but it's a shame that it didn't seem to be promoted.
10,Turkey's main actor is so handsome. I lost all my emotions for 2 hours. I told my friends to watch it
10,I was moved by the participation of the Turkish army in my brother's country and thank you very much. "Daddy lives to keep his child's promise." The beautiful love of father and daughter that has been in my heart for 60 years for that promise rings my heart. I hope many people will remember this movie after watching it.
10,From Turkey's perspective on the Korean War...The actors' performances were also fascinating, and at the end, they were almost the same as the actual pictures. Anyway, Turkey is a grateful country!
10,Tears... Touching story. Take a tissue or a handkerchiefIt's even more touching that it's a war movie and a true story.Recommend.
10,Moon Jae-in and pro-North Korean forces hate this movie
10,A movie that really promoted Korea's national prestige. I felt the pride of Turkey for helping Korea during the war, the appreciation of Korea for repaying its kindness, and the director's efforts to make Koreans feel proud by highlighting Hyundai Motor and downtown Seoul
10,We have so many warring states that we live in. Thank you.
10,I saw this today and I cried a lotㅠㅠ But there was no audience. ㅠㅠ I saw five people. Turkey surpassed 5 million, but it feels like less than 100,000 in Seoul ㅠㅠ And Kim Seol won the Rising Star Award for her movie. Popular in Turkey lol
10,I watched a movie today, but I'm going to watch it again. Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠㅠㅠ It's a movie that everyone can watch regardless of age
10,It was really good! I laughed and cried
6,He lacks acting and directing to the point where I can't relate to it
10,I really didn't expect it.The best movie ever ㅜㅜ so touching...I usually don't cry at the movie theater ㅜㅜ crying...ㅜ
10,It's a good movie that lingers in my mind
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I strongly recommend this. I went to the movie theater on the first day of its release. I watched it with my younger brother and cried This movie should be known ㅜㅜ I don't understand why the critic's score is that, but it's 100 times better than burning garbage
10,I was moved by the appearance of Suleiman and the Turkish army in tragic history. The fact that this is a true story is more touching. I think Mrs. Schleiman is very good, too. I got choked up when I showed you the documentary. That was a really good one.
10,Touching... Directing and singing were all perfect
6,I was very disappointed with the touching true story and the movie itself.
10,I hope everyone can watch a movie that they must watch
10,I strongly recommend this movie. It's 100 times more touching
7,It's in the movie, but I think the MBC documentary was more touching It's hard to beat a true story Still, the acting of the main character Kim Seol-yang and the Turkish actor was good. The acting of minor roles such as Korean producers was annoying because they looked like amateurs. There are a lot of actors who are good at acting, but where did they get these people?
9,I think I've never seen a Turkish movie before, but it's nice. It was fun and touching. I was sad even though I knew what it was about.
10,I happened to know him a few days ago and watched the first episode in the morning It was so touching and sad to know that it was a true story Everyone acted well At the end, the real hero, father and daughter, came out. Thank you
10,A movie with perfect direction and perfect music that touches your heart!
10,I will see you in Turkey and I will see you again when I come to Korea. :)
10,It's a very moving movie.I was wiping my tears and it was a real film movie.
10,No matter how fun it is after watching the movie, I don't leave a rating because it's annoying, but if I really need to use it, it's really touching. I think it's a movie that I will never regret watching...I kept crying. I think it's the best movie I've seen in the first half of this year. It's a true story, so I'm touched I enjoyed it.
10,I thought I'd shed all my tears in "Deogu." I cried my eyes out.It's a movie-like story, but I was more moved by the fact that it's a true story, and I think I was more immersed in it! It's a movie that I want to recommend to people around me, and I hope a lot of people watch it.
10,Make sure you watch it. Don't worry about acting. Turkish cinema is not as good as ours, but you'll fall for it the moment you see Ayla's face as if she's about to cry
10,Lee Kyung-jin and Terdor's short but sufficient acting that showed the modernity of the movie is also an example that shows years of experience
10,The way it goes is very unique. The sound is really good. The sound is great. Rather than thinking it's a war movie, you can think of it as a story about Schleiman and Ayla. It's fun!
10,I thought it was a bit awkward because it was Turkish, but I didn't knowㅠㅠㅠㅠ Stormy tears...Everyone was sniffling. It lingers a lot!
10,The most touching healing movie... It's so touching
7,I had a feeling that Turkey was similar to Korean sentiment, and it was a bit of a neo-faith atmosphere, but it was sacred. Experience the true story of deep emotion!
10,I just saw it with my mom. I looked forward to it even before it was releasedㅠㅠ It was fun and touching. It is very sad and beautiful that it is a true story... I really enjoyed the movie
10,I'm touched.Thank you to the soldiers from various countries who participated in the Korean War.ㅠㅠ Turkey is a real brother's country ㅠㅠ I was touched...The actors' acting was good, too짱You're the best
9,I experienced humanity and miracles.
6,If war is the most brutal human-made disaster, humanity is a ray of hope there
10,I saw it at a movie theater near my house as soon as it was released, and it was the best!I cried in the morning ㅜㅜ
10,I cried a lot, maybe because I felt the real story.Kim Seol is so pretty!
9,Overall, if it was good, the preview told me why Ayla couldn't get on the ship, so it was a little flat.
8,Crying and sniffling all the way to my nose. It's a relief that I saw Jojo without people.crying
10,I watched it from the beginning to the end, shedding tears and runny nosecrying
10,This is the best movie I've seen this year
10,This movie is the best!!!!
10,It's so touching. I'm so glad you two met. Mr. Schleiman closed his eyes, but the lingering effects are so long. I'll make sure to watch the MBC Special.
10,It was so nice to feel the sadness and tragedy of war, and the warmth of love and hope.I cried after watching a movie
8,The actors' acting and true stories are touching, but I can't get rid of the boredom. 터키 Thank you for the sacrifices of the Turks and remind us that we should not repeat the tragedy of the war.
8,There must have been a limit to production costs.The main actors' acting skills were good, but the supporting and minor actors' acting was disappointing and the content was a little disappointing, but it was a good topic and enough to stimulate the audience's emotions
10,20OOO's best moving movie. Video music actor story is perfect. I've seen it in the preview, and I'll see it again. A towel is a must
8,The images of war, the sacrifices of the Turgi soldiers, with touching and laughter
