천공의 성 라퓨타
6,What else should I feel here? The two main characters who seemed like machines.
1,It's not fun. It's an elementary animation, but the rating is too high. The story is obvious and boring. I thought it was Howl's Moving Star movie. The song is good
2,I fell asleep while watching it before, but I tried it again this time. I was so sleepy, but I endured and watched it all. So I'm going to give you a rating. Really boring, boring, no lessons. It was the least interesting animation I've ever seen.
4,Ghibli Children's Suffering Series
4,I didn't think it was a movie 30 years ago. It's not funny. It's almost over. I just watched it while playing a phone game.
6,Perhaps the film had a great impact on Sen and Chihiro's disappearance when they were young, and the movie was half and half touching. If I had watched it when I was young, I would have imagined it while looking at the sky.
2,Honestly, if you take out the beginning, you're not funny
4,It was so creepy the whole time I watched it. After thinking about why I feel this way after the movie, the worldview is so vivid as if it really exists somewhere, but it seems that the characters' emotions are terribly lacking because it has been too long. Especially, the two main characters really felt like gray machines. I have considered it to some extent that time has passed, but personally it was hard to get over the wall...ㅠㅠ All that remains in my mind is the unfamiliar world view and message that is hard to express in words...It's so scary
4,The rating was high, so I thought it would be fun like other works, so I held it in until the end, but it was so boring and boring... What a waste of time!
5,It's like a movie I saw a long time ago You're the future director, Conan. As expected, Japanese pirates are inseparable from them
1,Ricky O'Kreary 76-Nine Five Fury.
1,I'm going to talk to a lot of people throughout the country.
5,I remember watching it when I was in elementary school.
5,I've seen the director somewhere. The movie he made is fun, but if this movie was like that, I still have a good impression
1,What do you want to talk about? The relationship between the two elementary school kids? Do you think they'll get married and live well?
1,Bible denial, pirate glorification, the main character, elementary school student. The conclusion is human greed, pirate treasure. What the hell did you want to say? It's well made for the 80's, but there's no content. a waste of time
1,The rating is quite bubbly.
1,1 point for Japanese culture
6,Emotional animation that I can't keep up with
1,It wasn't that bad. Bubbles...
2,Among Hayao Miyazaki's works, the one with the least artistic quality
6,Well, that's a lot of foam.
6,I enjoyed the last name of Sen and Chihiro Howl, but this movie was boring and boring. Haemosu of Green Truck? It's not my cup of tea. I guess it's because I'm expecting too much because the rating is high. I knew that Lee Seung Yeop and Korea University's cheering song came out here
1,How dare you try to beat Kim Bosung?
5,It's nice to see the kids.The background music is very...
6,It's a normal animation, so I dozed off and watched it 6 times
6,The background music was great. But I don't like to venture out.
2,The storyline is too obvious and boring. There is an animation that stimulates emotions no matter how many times it passes, but this animation is just boring
1,It wasn't that great.To be honest, it was boring.There's not much to the story
1,It's really boring and cliche.I know what you mean, but it wasn't good
1,Japanese animations have high ratings
1,Japanese FANTASY are not mysterious but weird.
1,The ratings are too high. Is it because there are maniacs?
1,Not all classic Annie is a masterpiece.  I enjoyed watching Wind Valley Nausica, Witch Kiki, etc., but this is really not much, and I hope you don't fall for the no fun rating.
6,a relic of an old age hidden by a huge and beautiful imagination
5,It's a little boring, contrary to what I expected.
1,If Miyazaki hadn't retired, I would have said this. How many kids are there?!  Do you think Paz is Superman?  Why did you add a scene that's going to be a mess if you say it's a fun part? Do you think you're bisexual?'
1,I don't know, considering it's an old work, but these days, I don't think it's as Digimon.
1,I think it's too much to go over 9 points
6,The story was worth watching, but there was nothing more than the animation
1,a calm family film
6,It's too plain... Princess Wolyoung was awesome... This is a little...
3,This isn't funny.
6,I had high expectations before I saw it, so I was not impressed even when I saw it Why is it so plain from start to finish? But the OST was good
6,Human desire opens Pandora's box. It's only pure that prevents tragedy
1,OO is going OO emergency measures 19 is more fun
6,I'll cut the bubble rating for Ghibli. I guess I just wanted to paint the castle of heaven.
4,be taken aback by one's high rating
3,Other than innocence... I can't find anything good about probability or development
1,I saw it because it was a masterpiece.The most disappointing Ghibli animation I've ever seen. Boredom itself
6,It was worth watching but personally boring. The ending is kind of sad, too
5,I didn't know why I was watching it the whole time
1,I watched it with a person right below me Laughingering) Laughingering)What's that? It's very generous
1,Honestly, the score is too generous
1,jackpot
3,I was fooled by the rating here, but I don't think it's worth getting up to 9.24.I'm not that funny
1,What do you think about this? ㅠㅠ
1,That's not funny. Mono-no-keh-mega-gel is funny. It's not funny
1,Is this a fishing movie like Clementine? It's so generous of Miyazaki Hayao.
1,It's a cartoon for elementary school students. That's all.
6,It wasn't as fun as I thought That was a bit too much
2,Honestly, I don't know why the rating is so high.I looked at the ratings, but it was boring and the content wasn't good...
1,? I think it's a part time job for those who gave me 10 points
6,Boring and a little childish. Compared to the director's previous works, it is cringe-worthy. It wasn't good
6,The movie I watched with my friends in middle school...
2,It feels like I'm watching an old cartoon. Senkwa Chihiro.Howl. It's the fantasy and dimension of Princess Wonryeong. Boredom.
1,What is this? What am I expecting? You'll know when you see those old-fashioned beggars!
6,It wasn't as fun as fame, but it wasn't fun to watch until the end.
1,I think elementary students will enjoy watching it. It's a waste of time for middle school students and older to watch. Other Miyazaki movies are worth watching
5,I think the result came out in vain while moving on seriously.
1,There is a tendency to give too much credit to Annie If I had evaluated you objectively...
6,I liked the message I was trying to send, but it seems too boring.T
6,It's not as good as Senwa Chihiro. Something lacking and boring
1,Not funny
1,The kids will love it
1,It's not that fun, but the people who gave me 10 points... Honestly, it was childish
1,Boredom itself
1,be childish and boring
1,I don't like Annie
4,That's a good ending. It's so boring
6,Is it because I expected too much?
1,Give it generously
1,a raven
4,That's an undeserved rating. I didn't find it fun It feels like I'm reading an old cartoon. The rating seems to be wrong;
3,Too violent, cruel and sensational
1,....it's boring, it's sleepy, it's boring, it's boring, it's like I'm going to hit you, but I'm going to watch it until
1,the worst movie ever
1,It's trash
1,It's fun, boring, and boring
6,More than I thought...! a level of importance But it wasn't bad.
5,I was a little bored. Sen and Chihiro's disappearance is more interesting.
1,This is the worst movie of Hayao Miyazaki
6,Ah, am I not pure?Why was this movie so boring?
1,Even if you wrap it with a pretty picture, the director's dirty humanity is not covered.
6,Hayao Miyazaki's work is attractive because the distinction between good and evil is ambiguous
6,That's better than I thought.It was boring to watch it twice. ==; Boring
3,I don't like the style of the painting and I can see the imagination, but I personally don't like the content
6,Hayao gently tells us that the development of civilization is not a great thing.
1,There are so many masterpieces. How can they get such high ratings?
3,I've seen almost all the boring and not-so-famous ones except Sen and Chihiro missing and my neighbor Totonot much
6,Hayao Miyazaki and I don't get along! The point is that it's hard to catch dust! Is it far?
6,It's too bad...
1,Sky Castle Laputa is so boring. Don't worry about money
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,not much
5,Now that I look at it, I can only think of it as a cartoon.
1,Wow, good
1,As expected, a painting by a dwarf...
1,It's a little childish.
1,Something's missing
1,I made it well considering it was an old animation, but it looks childish nowThe rating is too high.
3,I don't know if you like Mo so much. It's not like I've seen it before
6,It's just that. Did I expect too much?
1,I'm doomed. I hope you fail
1,It's so much fun. Is there a landscape like this?
1,I don't like Miyazaki
2,It was fun, but... How should I say it? It's kind of course.
1,Need words
1,I don't like it
5,Before I was born... It must have been fun and touching. Music is great
1,Childish and too obvious villains are ridiculously stupid
1,The Japanese are delusional!
1,Am I the only one who's not funny? I don't really agree with the movie.
1,Isn't that the worst Miyazaki ever?
1,I feel like I'm lacking something.
6,It's boring now and the video is boring.Sleepiness from above the middle
1,It's really...
1,Hayao Miyazaki's movies are mostly trash.
1,Even on National Liberation Day, Koizumi went ahead with his visit to the shrine
1,It was really boring. Japanese!
1,Is there a zero point?^^;;
1,a one-point movie
2,The scale is big, but can I say it's fun?
5,It's fun, but it's not real.It's nothing.
2,I was looking forward to it, but I didn't like it
1,To this extent.
1,an overrated piece of work by the first generation
6,an obvious plot
4,To be honest, I think I have some alma mater It's definitely not 10 points.
1,It's not funny --;
1,10 points. Is it a part-time job?
1,It wasn't fun
3,the climax of a work that personally has forgotten the theme of a cartoon
1,Oh, my
1,No jam...-;
4,Tired of Miyazaki's obvious story...
6,I don't think I fit in with Ghibli
1,Much better than Howl.;
1,There are many better movies. I think it's too much to exceed 9 stars.
1,crack, smash, with a crack.
5,It's really nice.
1,It would be better to watch future boy Conan on TV for free. Oh, my
1,It's fun. It came out in '86. It's a classic
5,I think I was looking forward to it too much.It was obvious -_-;;;
1,I feel like I'm watching it with the younger members
3,Hayao's thought is not enough...Fairy tales with nature.-_-
1,Children's cartoons
1,It was so boring.  I don't know if it's because I don't watch it often, but it's not fun
4,I don't think so
1,Look at this. It's just a cartoon
4,Maybe it's because it's an old work, but the video...No.
