광해, 왕이 된 남자
1,Yes, the American movie, Dave Plagiarism.
4,It's ridiculous to force the movie of the U.S. president into the Joseon Dynasty.Gwanghaegun's ignorance of politics is even more amazing.Han Hyo-joo was good.
1,The tyrannical fanatic glorification film Gwanghaegun is actually a tyrant.
2,The scene where the king pooed on the plum frame while watching the court ladies is the best
3,Mixed Plagiarism New Wave PCworm
4,The movie that made so many people in Gwanghaeppa.It was good except for distortion of history, but I thought that historical drama movies should not be made like this
1,It's seriously no fun. This kind of movie has a nine-point rating. It shows the level of popular movies in Korea
6,To be honest, I think people with little historical background might think that Gwanghae Bay is for the people, so King Seonjo is a paranoid person who even suspected his servants and princes during the Japanese Invasion of Korea in 1592. The reason for the victory during the Imjin War was the Ming Dynasty's participation in the Japanese Invasion of Korea. The Qing Dynasty (currently Manju) destroyed its finances, and the tribute story was honestly written as a tribute, so it was the only chance for Joseon to receive a gift. Politically, of course. The neutral diplomacy of the Gwanghaegun is correct. However, at that time, his subjects were in charge of supporting Gwanghaegun after the Japanese Invasion of Korea in 1592, and those who worked hard for the real king almost resigned from their ancestors and went down to the provinces.
6,There is nothing beyond Kagemusha Borrowing. Falling probability Intuitive storyline. an unfortunate piece of work that leads the actors to acting
1,The Hollywood movie "Dave" is 100% plagiarized, over 10 million, and if it gets this much praise, it's a real success.That's why they all plagiarize and fall down.a Korean film with no scruples
1,No, I laughed, cried, and enjoyed watching the movie with my friend, and the script of the 1993 American movie Dave is almost the same. My head is burning. I thought it was the best movie, but plagiarism...Oh, my
1,Wow, it turned out to be plagiarism. That's awesome. Dave, you copied it from ancient times. Isn't that too much?
5,It's normal...
2,It wasn't that much fun.
1,I can't stand being sexy right now
6,Dave, have you seen Gagemusha? Lee Byung-hun's acting was good and he copied it naturally
1,Korean movies are plagiarism. I can only plagiarize Korean movies. At the same time, Korean visitors are also dogs
6,Stop Lee Byung-hun's acting skills and his humanity as a true person and his eloquence!! This country is famous!It made me realize the importance of our Korean people
2,It's like watching a fake Lee Kangseok case.
1,In fact, the quality of the movie alone is at least eight points, but the director openly distorts history at the end and gives one point. If this movie had been sarcastic about Gwanghaegun, it would have been treated as a masterpiece. Director, it was Gwanghaegun who opposed the implementation of the Daedong Law ㅜㅜ
1,A story no-conscience film that seems to copy America's 1993 film, "Dave."
5,It was just a movie to watch
1,I got stars for plagiarism. A plagiarism movie like "The Ultimate Arms Bow."
1,It's the movie Dave Plagiarism.
1,Traditional movie plagiarism and CJ's contrived record of 10 million
5,a well-made fake The reason why Hollywood is conquering the global film and drama market is, of course, the difference in capital power, but I personally envy it. It is a simple attitude that does not shy away from official remakes of successful foreign works. This is because I know that the work I made pretending to be no better than the original work, and I am determined to show better completeness in the same scenario, so the movie becomes a reliable work. After watching the movie "Dave," I asked myself, "Was that feeling real?" I felt pathetic and even felt betrayed by the movie itself because of useless questions such as "Did I just clap for artificial seasoning?" Can a director who is afraid of remakes make a masterpiece with his name on it?
1,10 million... Korean movies...Is this reality?
6,Red bean porridge politics that captivates your heart with red bean porridge
6,There's nothing much to say. A clown takes on the role of Gwanghaegun, shows his own track record, is interrogated, escapes, becomes a clown again, and ends
6,Was I the only one bored and childish?
6,Despite Lee's clinging acting and impressive ending scenes, there is no place like the government for serious plagiarism at the level of remaking
2,If you look at it now, Gwanghae is Park Geun Hye and Injo is Moon Jae-in. Moon Jae-ang was anti-Japanese and anti-American, and Park Geun Hye was a practical diplomat.
1,August 8th, 12 I am Wang Yi-so / September 13th, 12 The Man Who Became King / The two movies are the same as the story of Prince and beggar fairy tale.However, after Jang Kyu-sung and Joo Ji-hoon first watched the movie, Lee Byung-hun, who committed adultery in a month, advertised Gwanghae, and the audience was 12.32 millionI definitely watched Ju Jihoon movie in 2012!Which one of the two directors is?
1,Dave Plagiarism from 1993. The rating is too high
6,Every time I see how well Yeo Jin Gu acts, I can't help but to lose his powerful voice. I can't wait
1,It's not fun at all
1,Korean movies still have a long way to go. Lee Byung-hun's acting was great, but the other supporting actors' acting was so awkward, and the scene where Do sacrificed at the end is really hard to watch with his eyes open, and it is also a movie that cannot be free from plagiarism problems. I'll give you one point.
2,How did this movie become a movie with 10 million viewers? It wasn't funny enough.
1,Han Hyojoo's casting is Ok ET! Han Hyo-joo can't act, and she's always casted in her brother's murder case, so she gives a grand prize to a rookie despite the controversy over her acting skills. So even if her sister kills, she goes on a roll
1,Praise the plagiarism movie.1 point is because there's no 0 point
5,It's interesting, but it's a crazy movie about Gwanghaegun
2,This movie is not true. Gwanghae-gun was an opponent of the Daedong Law and proposes to stop it nine months after it was implemented in Gyeonggi-do. Neutral diplomacy also failed. Thirteen thousand Korean soldiers were sent to the Battle of Sarhu, two-thirds of them killed, and the rest were sold as slaves.
1,It's a well-made but plagiarized movie
5,90 points for a movie and 30 points for a historical drama
5,A simple political historical drama with a rough second half story. Lee Byung-hun's acting takes him by the collar.
6,The real Gwanghaegun wouldn't have been like this, but...
6,If it was just like that
6,to dream of more equal animals
5,If you don't watch the hidden ending, it's Kagemusha. Attach it to Dave... Dave...Are you kidding me, Changmin? You're a thief.
5,I don't understand why this movie has more than nine points.Was it a good movie or exaggeration and part-time job?Compared to good masterpieces with similar ratings, I think this movie has 7 points
1,As a nationalist, I don't watch this movie.I'll watch a movie that suits my personality someday
1,A historical drama that glorifies a rare cancer army as much as ancestors and artificial ancestors, and a fool mine that lost the national power to prevent the Qing Dynasty during the Manchu War
1,There's nothing to be politically made before the presidential election.Someone came and wept and later the movie went better, but it wasn't fun
1,I don't know what Lee Byung-hun did well in his acting. If you're an actor, everyone can do that
4,A story that falls for a script that doesn't make you nod in a moment's situation...Just open your eyes and watch it~ As these movies hit the jackpot, they keep pouring out similar levels.
1,If he didn't kill Lee Byung Hun, he would have gone to the director to kiss him, but he'll kill him and give him a round
1,Don't glorify the insane Gwanghaegun
6,The film is flat because the plot is so poor with opposition forces. The impact is weak. But I like the theme and the lines. The theme of "respecting the people" seems to point out the past Park Hye-sa incident.
6,It's not special. It's a simple story
1,I don't know. I don't think the rating is this high.
1,I'd rather watch Dave from 1993 than this. It can be said that more than 80% of Gwanghae imitated this work. However, the movie released in 1993 is much more touching. Kevin Klein, starring Sigourney Weaver.
1,I'm going to extend the screenings by glorifying historical figures.A movie that you want to hit 10 million hearts
5,It's childish and forced.ㅠㅠ Why is this so high?
3,Ha... There's even cancer in an affair attempt. The story was solid and the acting was good, so I watched it, but I almost gave it up
1,Dave, the Korean version... Dave's a lot better.
2,What is the qualification of a true leader? I can't tell from this movie.A low-level humanism, a sense of unbecoming comedy.
1,Gwanghae personally, Gwanghaegun was negative about the Daedong Law, and Kang Hong-rip's surrender was a surrender after the death of 5,000 people, and it was a waste of money because he built a new palace
1,I watched it on EBS because it was on a Korean movie special. But this is so boring that I'm doing this while watching it. I didn't watch it when it was released, so I watched it like this. How did this get a rating of 9.22? And Park Pyeongsik gives 6 points for this? I can only sigh.
1,How long will the plagiarism problem of Korean movies be hushed?
1,Do you know that Minhae plagiarized the American movie Dave (1993) and you're rating it?
6,It was fun, but it was a little boring because of the slow development.
1,It's a waste of 1 point. The reason why Korean movies don't work
4,Three top stars, and Santa Lee Byung Hun's daughter, Han Hyo. Ryu Seung Ryong. But the movie is good, so 4 points
1,The movie "Dirty Plagiarism" is a four-month extension of the movie "Dave Plagiarism" and "Lee Byung-hun" and "Director" are embarrassed to receive an award
1,The problem is, Han Hyojoo...It's just famous, so I think they let me in. I don't understand and study the role as an actor. It just feels like I'm filming because I have time.
1,Han Hyojoo is so pretty^
1,Aside from plagiarism, Dave's Kevin Klein performance was better.
6,A film that shows the end of selfishness. If I do it, it's romance, if others do it, it's affair. Even if you take it, steal it, and lose righteousness, my family can't...  The director emphasizes this throughout, despite its low quality, and flatters the powerless majority of the audience. Disgusting.
1,I enjoyed the good movieK
1,I give you 1 point for history distortion. Gwanghae was not in favor of the Daedong Law, and it was a female army that used to be the palace Simsitina when the northern people came to power.
1,Why is there no Piaget in this movie? Roh Moo Hyun made it because he liked it so much. Roh Moo Hyun Why did he steal Piaget?
1,I don't want Lee Byung Hun to come out. It's a waste of download capacity
1,Lee Byung-hun and Han Hyo-joo are the main characters?
4,A movie that wasn't very impressive.
1,I personally enjoyed watching the movie. There's something that's not done yet.
1,This movie is a hard carry by two actors
1,This is a Lunar New Year special.Are you kidding me? You thought I saw everything for free?It's dirty... You're treating me like a beggar
1,It was a movie with no problems. Lee Byung-hun and Han Hyo-joo were shaking
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I think an eight-point rating will do.
1,Han Hyo-joo's bad acting. She's so bad at acting
1,Adjusting ratings...Let's open it
1,Lee Byung-hun scored one point. ㅉㅉ
1,Overrated movie...
1,Lee Byung-hun, Han Hyo-joo, I hate this movie because of dirty actors
1,I remember when Lee Byung-hun shouted, "Shame on you!" in Gwanghae. You've been doing the most shameful thing.
2,To be honest, the scenario itself feels like it's been made roughly. The story is not good and there are some touching points, but the impact is weak.
2,Except for Lee Byung-hun's acting skills, the obvious ending and childishness are too high
1,It's just for killing time. Bored in the middle.
5,an overrated film Don't expect too much
1,In the fantasy of the media, Lee Byung-hun's humanity was revealed.
1,Was this fun?
6,It was Lee Byung-hun's movie for Lee Byung-hun, but Ryu Seung-ryong shines
1,It wasn't realistic
4,I think it's a movie that I watch once
1,I didn't look.  LOL.O
2,A cliche movie that had nothing to watch except Lee Byung-hun's speech.
6,I really enjoyed the movie "Gwanghae" and I learned the true story of Dave
6,I don't know where to find fun
1,Gwanghaegun, the real person, was a Seongun who did his best. However, the actor's performance in the drama is insufficient and unsatisfactory.
1,Kwang-hae - only for money and popularity? It's bitter.
1,Is Han Hyojoo that amazing? I can't even act...
5,The movie was fun, but...In a situation where history-related movies are not even known properly yet, it seems that it raises concerns about history distortion.In addition, over-smoke has also caused snow to squirt.
1,There's no such thing as a trusted actor in the world!
1,Following Han Hyojoo and NAVER, you organized all the related search words. Does that mean the crime committed by the family of Mr. H disappear?
1,7 points is appropriate, 1 point zoom with rating adjustment, Dave, Prince and beggar imitation, and Heo Gyun has never served as a government official.
1,Don't rerun the Lee Byung-hun playboy movie on CGV.  Why do you keep replaying unsavory celebrity movies that apply to adultery?
1,I don't understand why this rating is so high
1,A guy who's a pervert
5,wonder at the excessive favorable reviews have nothing to do with politicians
1,Shameful movie that burns my face.It's going to be fun.
1,Oh, in Korea, if you don't plagiarize, can't you make a movie? If you plagiarize, you should admit it
1,The message to be delivered is Naive and history is distorted. As he tried to force Dave to join Gwanghaegun, he ended up failing. I saw the power of CJ.
5,It wasn't good... Why is the score so high? What's with the crazy number of viewers?
1,Don't you feel sorry for director Dave? But no matter how hard I try, I can't catch up with the original. This kind of movie is preventing the development of Korean movies.
1,The score is too generous There are a lot of movies with 8 points that say it is a masterpiece ;; this kind of movie is 9.23 even though it is a Korean movie, you need to have a conscience.
3,Sometimes there are funny scenes. It's not very well made, it's boring and corny.
1,I watched it yesterday and the genre is Sun Comic, Post-Sentimental Eights, Typical Korean movie that's popular these days
1,There's a rumor that it's disgusting, but it's Dave plagiarism. It's embarrassing to see. People in Korea are saying that the acting is good and that the movie is fun. ㅉㅉ
2,It's boring... Hyun Bin is not a big deal.Hyun Bin is Hyun Bin, not Jeong Jo.You really need to reflect on yourselfWe still have a long way to go.Even if I personally hate Lee Byung-hun, I still have a long way to go if I follow him in Gwanghae Lee Byung-hun.In reverse, Hyunbin is not Jeongjo, but Hyunbin.The scenario is too weak A shell movie with nothing after all.
1,Imitating Dave! The behind-the-scenes stories are similar,
1,At a time when we have to do everything in our power to save the people, is the best news show in Gwanghae without news?
1,It's a disgrace to Korean movies.a final-weapon-grade plagiarism
1,I was looking forward to it, but I was really disappointed. The clownish role suddenly becomes a king's quality, but there is no motif and the probability is low. I can't get into it because there are so many ridiculous parts.
2,I can't relate to it because I put in so many things to impress them and I feel exaggerated and forced.
1,It only consolidated my bad impression of Korean movies. Just in case...
1,to have a high rating
4,I can't believe it's 10 million.
1,Shim Eunkyung is dead ㅜㅜ hahahaha
5,It's not a movie that can be praised this much, but Korean netizens can't understand it.
1,You should be ashamed of your extraordinary plagiarism!
1,I don't understand why you say it's funny
1,- It's like plagiarism. - I want to give you a point
1,It's not that funny
1,Roh Moo Hyun's motif. In Gwanghae, he tried to get a heavy battery, and Roh Moo Hyun sold his wife and threw Piaget into the rice fields
4,What is this... It's cringe-worthy and annoying the whole time! I'm so touched by the obvious third-rate joke
4,I've only seen it now, but I wonder why it's worth 10 million.
1,Personally, I don't think it's 9 points
5,I think it's just a flat piece.
3,Elementary and mid-term is okay, but as the latter part goes on, you're forced to be emotional
1,An example of the level of Korean culture that 12 million people saw Dave's plagiarism fake
6,The last 10 minutes...
6,Gwanghaegun. He's one of the few dogs, OOO king. The same law, diplomatic politics, was the question. It was fun to make it into a movie like this.
2,Forced setting, appealing only to the public's emotions, simply the background is cool
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
1,Well made and fun, but not this rating... For lowering the rating
1,If I didn't like it, I don't understand why it's so high
2,He laughed at the excessive production that squeezed his emotions.
4,It wasn't fun to watch because I didn't care about hanbokI liked Han Hyojoo
1,The rating is too high. Even though he is a stand-in, he is not immersed in ridiculous behavior even though he is a king, and the distortion of history of Korean movies is too severe Even more ridiculous is the assessment that if Gwanghae were still king, history would be different. Even if it was fiction, do it enough so that it doesn't look like that
1,Apart from the completeness of the work, it's ridiculous! What a shame! After 20 years, Dave (1993) would disappear like smoke! How can this be! I'm sure the box office is exciting right now. If the impact of Korean films spreads all over the world in the future, you will experience hell with shame!
1,The movie itself has 7 points, but the actors' acting is 8.5 points, and more than that, it is a big bubble movie
1,Hmm... Your rating is too high.Honestly, I don't understand that it's over 10 million...
6,I didn't get a big impression on the movie as a whole, but Lee Byung-hun's acting was really cool.
1,I tend to enjoy watching movies, but I'm born again after this trash historical drama, "King and the Clown". Lee Byung-hun didn't fit at all. He was so moved. He almost laughed. It was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
6,A typical Korean movie. It feels like it's too formal with elements of the box office. It was a movie with a pretty good reputation, but when the ending caption came out after the movie, the feeling of emptiness could not be prevented.
1,The Hollywood movie "Dave" and the movie that was controversial about plagiarism, but the rating was too high
1,a seven-metre trash movie
6,The problem is that the direction of Korean directors is too simple...It would have been nice if I could make a more dramatic and tense production of the audience.That would increase your immersion rate.Add more suspense and tense action...
5,An overrated movie.It's just a beautifully wrapped...a pretentious movie
6,It's easy to do the basics by imitating similar movies.
1,Personally, I think it's a rare bubble movie.
1,It's fun. I think I watched it without knowing the time passed. But what in the end?Is this the end? Of course, Lee Byung-hun is good at acting, but other people are also good at it.But the bloodshed was so little that it didn't come as a crisis.Personally, 8.5 is a good...
5,Lee Byung-hun usually has a strong pervert image, but the role of holding back sexual desire by looking at court ladies or crying at a girl who was raped was honestly hard to immerse herself;
1,Byungheon is amazing! There's nothing else!
5,I'm so glad to see you on KBS
5,It was fun, but the rating was so high that it wasn't a movie with a rating point
5,I guess everyone was touched by other people's comments.Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot.
5,The movie is pretty good, but I hate people who interpret it politically and think of someone
1,I don't know what the movie is about.I can't believe this is 9 points.LOL The bubbles are too much. Is this 10 million movie?  Are you kidding me? Make a movie so easy, make money so serious, a little serious, a little comic,
3,old age
1,It's not up to 9 points. It's a movie
5,ㅜㅜ It wasn't good.I...
1,not much
1,I don't understand this crap movie has a rating of nine
1,It's so cornyIs politics that simple? The writer needs to study history more
6,Taste likes and dislikes in accordance with the film determine a lot.
1,Yes
1,After watching Kagemusha's plagiarism Kagemusha, you can see how deep and sloppy this movie is
1,This movie is also overrated...
2,a plagiarism of the American film Dave All the settings are so much the same.
1,Take a look at the 1993 Hollywood movie, Dave. The content is exactly the same. I was tricked by the director.
2,I don't like Lee Byung-hun clown, so if it wasn't fun, I think I would watch movies or dramas only when my favorite actor comes out
6,I watched 10 million movies and so on, but I was really disappointed after watching it for about an hour, so I turned it off and went to sleep...I just finished watching it to see the end of the day by day. Am I weird? Anyway, I was bored. But the line that criticized the corruption of vested interests in the middle is good
4,moderate plagiarism and moderate crudeness And CJ's trick to fill the audience.
6,a fairy tale for adults
1,Are you getting an award for copying an old American movie?
1,It's worse than Titanic, but it's still fun, but I don't understand what it is because I'm sleepy.
1,I watched it with my parents, and it was so boring that I fell asleep and cursed and ended it; I can't believe it was over 10 million;;; I don't understand. It was just like a poor student who watched the full version of the whole drama
6,Well, it's okay, but it's too boring.  It is clear that it is not a masterpiece. Ah, the level of the audience has risen.
1,You're welcome. It's not 9 pointsPlease make a challenging movie, not a common theme
1,It's easy to make money from moviesThese days, directors have no conscience.
1,Copied movie. It's not funny. Lee Byung-hun's neck-tight movie doesn't change.
1,1.It is similar to the American movie Dave. 2.Lee Byung-hun's acting is not good. 6 points is enough
6,It's so cheesy, but I'll never see it again
1,It's 4th in the number of movie theaters, and we won an award
1,afterwards
6,A movie with low intelligence. But I want to say that he is kind, but if you look at the background of the production, it's Young.
2,It's a movie that teaches you to make it when you make it
3,That's normal. I can do two things.
1, feel sleepy
3,Compared to the actors, there were a lot of stories. I think, "That's all I can think of." It's not my cup of tea. A movie I wonder why it was so popular.
5,Is this a 9.2 point movie?
1,go over the mark.It is a movie that is seasoned according to Korean sentiment by moving Dave's frame The actors' acting was good.
6,How to make well-made with the same material as "I'm King Rosso".
6,Awkward comedy... I'm sure you laughed along at the theater, but you're never home
5,CJ's push for more than 10 million hearts, but the movie itself is okay
1,I enjoyed watching it, but it is so less realistic than Kagemusha that there are childish corners everywhere. I think it's enough to get the score adjustment
1,I stepped on the poo. Why am I so boring? It's not fun and I feel touched artificially. Am I the only outsider?
5,Childish. Early and mid-term development with elementary or laughable third-rate humor.  It was worth watching in the second half, but the ending also ended brilliantly. Lee Byung-hun is good at acting, but his choice of work is always jam-byeong. His works are all trash except JSA and bungee jumping.
5,It's fun, but 9 is too much
1,Honestly, I don't think it's a movie with more than 9 points It wasn't that funny, apart from cursing scenes and sexual sex jokes, and above all, Dave's plagiarism movie
6,It was fun to some extent, but I lost my immersion because I tried to plot the story too much. The part where Sawol dies after eating the poison red bean porridge, the sword fight when he sends it back at the end...
1,Dave, I'm sorry
1,It's worth watching, but it's not in the 9th grade! Ratings are falling down
6,Somewhat disconnected editing and cringe-worthy lines, forced sadness and emotion. I had a hard time holding back my sleep.
1,Is there a formula that requires directing, lines, or clichés to be a successful Korean movie?  Slow motion and sad music.cringe-worthy lines This part needs to be touched by you guys.How can I be touched when my intentions are so obvious?
1,Lee Byung-hyun's acting skills are good, but his loyalty to the woman he has been dating is highly suspicious.
5,I can't believe such a low-level movie has a rating of more than 9. Too much storytelling. Over-emotional, un-persuasive, uninspiring, impulsive. Unbelievably, the love story between Joongjeon and fake Kwanghae is... I was looking forward to it, but all I could do was laugh
1,Don't be fooled
1,This movie was overrated. It was fun, but it was never more than 9 points, so I give you 1 point to lower the rating. My rating is 7.
4,Isn't it too childish to be stabbed at the last minute to save a fake guy?
5,It's like a mixed bag. I don't know what to watch.
1,A game of cowardly CJ support.
6,I admit my high acting skills, but everything is in between. No fun, no tension, no video, no...And historically, it's too fictional. Well, I don't know anything about national history. You have to say something that doesn't make a lot of sense.
6,It's a bit boring and unnecessary content that makes you laugh in the beginning but lose concentration in the second half. It's similar to Hwang Hae's work. Moreover, it seems that the content is not good only comic.
4,Was my expectation too high...It wasn't good
6,I prefer acting to Wang Yi-so-da, which is very far from historical fact.
3,To be honest, it's not fun and the content is not good
1,It was fun. But the score of 8 is just right
2,Is the genre comedy?a light society
1,Honestly, is this fun? It was so boring that I thought it was because of the casting.
6,I don't think it was as good as I expected. The contrived aspects stand out too much.
1,Lee Byung-hun's character is also awkward...It's not very spectacular.I'm feeling down.
6,Overacting with a boring story. A movie that sounds like a pep talk, but in the end, is like an empty can
6,It's okay, but it's not a masterpiece. Among the expert ratings, Lee Hwa-jeong and Baek Eun-ha's reviews seem to be the most objective and appropriate.
1,Toilet is acceptable. The rest is just like that
6,the standard of lessons and humor
6,It wasn't boring, but... Why is it over 10 million?
1,The background is the palace and the king, but this is more childish than a family movie.How can this be a box office hit?
6,The actors' acting was good, but it was a movie that drew a lot of force
1,-ㅡ
1,There is no work to be expected. Interesting material and good acting have been undermined by the development without reality or depth, and the more boring it is. Five to six points are appropriate, but it is more salty because it seems to have a lot of foam.
1,Is this Alba paradise; the ending fizzles; adding a simple comedy element; just barely worth watching for killing time; what's so funny about it?
6,an old-fashioned blockbuster Nothing more or less. Except for sophisticated films, I can't find any difference from popular TV dramas. If I were 20 years younger, I'd be pushing myself for 10 stars
6,Personally, it's a very ordinary historical drama
6,It's fun to see beautifully drawn old buildings in Korea
1,It's a movie that's overrated, so 1 point. Even though it is a movie, I drew it very fantasy-like like a Wednesday-Thursday drama or a pure romance cartoon.
1,It may be a subjective review, but it seems like a movie with a lot of overrated parts
4,Oh, my. This kind of movie has a rating of 9 points. That's ridiculous. Maybe because it's made by a big production company, it smells like money. Anyway, it was just like that, but it was so touching and not to the point of applause;
5,Lee Byung-hun... I admit that he is good at acting, but we should pay attention to Ryu Seung-ryong rather than Lee Byung-hun.Also, please... Find your place, Lee Byung Hun. Why is the acting in place... It's not a double role... I just wanted to act alone...Compare that to Leonardo in the Iron Mask.
6,It's so far-fetched, and as we go into the second half... But Lee Byung-hun's acting skills are really thumbs up. +_+
6,It's not good
1,It's not a hit movie at all, but it's bubbly, so I don't understand if it's because the national standard is lowered or the distributor is strong
5,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. I think it'll be fun if you don't look forward to it
6,It's a little... boring in the beginning, a little hasty and disconnected.In short, it's a movie that doesn't get immersed.
6,Why is the rating so high... I don't like the taste of the public. I couldn't get rid of the feeling that I had expected too much or less.
1,I watched a movie called Dave, and he looked exactly like Gwanghae. The directors... If you sell your conscience and make money, it's the best thing? It's not like a day or two when Korean directors tease Hollywood directors. You made a lot of money by selling your conscience, so please donate and use it for a good place. Don't make a movie
1,From the beginning to the end, it's a movie made with feet from the perspective of making a sloppy and crude development
6,It's a well-made movie for a Korean movie, but it's exaggerated and forced love story. It was regrettable that the "silly" progression, which seemed so obvious that the tension and immersion were reduced in the middle. But why did Moon Jae In cry over this? You don't seem to have to cry
1,9 points is too much
5,an overrated work
1,It's so boring.Starting from the 2nd point, a mole, a cicada
1,When I saw Dave, I was not impressed and my friend who didn't see him complimented me for making it really well... If you didn't see it, 10 points... I couldn't shake off Dave the whole time ㅠㅠ But Lee Byung-hun's acting is the best!
2,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? Hmm...
4,The big story of the movie itself is a slow and small situation-oriented movie, so it's confusing... But Lee Byung-hun's acting was a luxury
6,The score you gave me...The movie was about to be made into a romantic comic jjamppong, but I tried hard to impress him.It's kind of boring.It's uncomfortable... 28% of the ratings are teenagers...It's worth knowing the level.
2,A feeling of overemphasizing the moving side and trying to incorporate a comedy element. It's a movie, but it's so far from the truth that it's unnatural to watch. Maybe that's why it's boring
1,Plagiarism? I'm very disappointed...
6,I definitely enjoyed watching it, but the touching part is too much. Obviously, it is a little better than the average work, but I don't understand this rating and the number of audiences at all.
1,My honest rating is 7-8 but I don't know why the film attracted 10 million viewersIf you focus, you get a bad comedy and it's worth watching, but it's too much for ratings and audience numbers
1,I don't think it's a movie that will reach 10 million viewers.K
4,It's interesting as a play, but because of the distortion of history, everyone believes in Gwanghaegun = Myeonggun, Seoin = Guilty
6,It seems to have glorified the mine too much as a holy army
6,Dave must have been Gwanghae of Joseon in his previous life
1,the Korean version of Dave Obvious emotional man, obvious punishment, obvious clemency.
6,It's perfect for a killing time. It's not boring enough.
5,Is it because I was looking forward to it too much?
6,It's like an ordinary historical drama comedy romance movie.
5,It's only 10 million in this movie.Lee Byung-hun acknowledges his acting ability, but Ryu Seung-ryong is strangely overrated.
6,Lee Byung Hun is 50% and Ryu Seung Ryong and Jang Kwang are 40%...The rest of the actors must have been busy eating 10% of it The useless placement of characters was rather annoying. (Personally, I don't know why April's story got complicated.)
3,The episode where 2/3 of the movie became the king of heaven, I'd rather be the king, and I'm a king, so-da is low.Women are a regular subject in historical dramas, but the composition is boring, the story is not probable, and something is forced
6,The controversy over the leadership award was released during the fierce presidential election and the fake box office success created by the occupation of the distributor. Is it a correct interpretation of history and the future that the actors' acting is artificial respiration It's just popular, it's not complete
1,an emotionally biased film with no logic at all
1,I don't know what's the difference between Kakemusa and Dave. Was it a hit because it was pretty? Because Lee Byung Hun is good at acting? Because the character is new? I guess I don't know how to watch movies
1,It's too forced.
5,It's just that kind of movie -- I can't understand the ratings of 10 million viewers or Naver.And if the main character wasn't Lee Byung-hun, it would have been a third-rate movie
1,Is this the level of Korean people watching movies? It's not annoying to set it up on purpose to create a forced impression. It's easy to impress Koreans. If I knew this would happen, I'd be the director.
5,Not enough to get a rating of over nine. Lee Byung-hun's performance was good, of course, but there is no more. As expected, there's nothing to eat at a famous party.
3,A poor production that showed the essence of public relations and marketing as a movie that a large company pushes. Lee Byung-hun's acting, costumes, and props were all worth seeing. It's the same story as the movie "Prince" played by Kang Ji-hwan, but I think that movie is better.
1,Gwanghae, the man who became Dave
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
5,The fusion of cheap politics in the movies, the involuntary incitement
6,Overall, it was a good movie with good acting. But it was a little boring.
6,Other than acting, it's cliche
5,Roh Moo HyunThe only thing that resembles Gwanghae (Haseon) is whether it is noisy. Why on earth did Moon Jae In cry thinking of Roh Moo Hyun?
4,a fictional film that incorporates history from the perspective of this age Comic stories that are totally incomprehensible considering the times.  Only Lee Byung-hun's performance was good.
6,It is a daily drama-level movie that can be easily seen in a daze. It's getting cringe-worthy as the second half goes on.It is a content that I never sympathize with when I think about the tightly packed emotions and status system of the Joseon Dynasty.
2,I give you a low rating because of the opening time. There is no doubt that it is a good content, direction, and acting, but it does not seem to be a pure purpose to set the timing of the release just before the presidential election.
6,It's full of fun. I'm not sure about the artistry
1,If it was a movie that didn't match the actor's image, the visible rating
1,I thought it was a good movie when I only saw Gwanghae, but after watching Dave, what is this ridiculous situation?
5,It's an absurd story
1,Gwanghae was ignored by thieves and swept the table. I think it's overrated. The material isn't that unique either. Lee Byung-hun and Ryu Seung-ryong acted well. I also liked the role of two people. I want to give you 8 points, but I want to lower the score.
1,I downloaded it for 4,000 won, but it's a simple movie that makes me feel like I paid 4,000 won for nothing.
6,I enjoyed watching it
6,I have the basics, but...
6,Ryu Seung-ryong is the best
1,It's just a Korean movie
4,Do you think it's okay to just look at the story, not the acting? Like a drug dealer, I wish I'd made a movie that was truly content and complete, rather than not responsible for saying a few words to the public's taste.ㅉ
1,Comic elements were funnier than I thought, but it was a bit annoying to crack a joke that was unique to Korean movies. Kim In-kwon's last over. However, I could feel the power of Lee Byung-hun's acting. Lee Byung-hun is good at acting. Ostga movie. Rating
3,Much less fun and perfection than is known
1,It's not... It's a bit too much.But this is how it's supposed to attract men and women of all ages.
6,a movie worth watching
4,Why is it so high?I don't understand!!! It's strange...
1,It's so unrealistic and sad...   It's too idealistic. I'm not touched
1,Why is the rating so high? It's weird... I don't think this is right. 7 or 8 is not good enough
1,Pathetic.
6,I'm suspicious of the box office success and the score. Just one word, expect less!
6,That's funny. That's all. I can't accept the rating.
1,Honestly, what's funny? If it wasn't an obvious development, it would have been obvious to be a king.Sometimes it's funny and it's the same in any movie, but I don't think the rating is low, so I give you 1 point
6,a lack of probability
6,I don't understand why this movie is over 10 million, but it's a shame that our country is this good
6,It's just like that
2,It was so childish that I left the theater before the ending credit came out Personally, it's not touching, it's not funny, it's childish. It's like a movie that ajumma would like. Before the article broke 10 million, I was angry, but the video quality was good
1,I've been thinking that the Naver score is really right for several years, but I changed my mind after saying that I'm a murderer. Is this 10 million movie? Is this a movie with a 9.2 rating? That's the worst bubble ever Is this fun because I don't know history as a history major? It's not fun to know history? I really don't get it
5,Ryu Seung-ryong has the same line tone in every movie he appears in. The shiny foam is going to go out. lol
5,I had good acting skills, but I wasn't able to get into character because of the story or probability
1,It was just boring.
6,Expectations are too high.I'm good at getting into character, but the storyline is too easy
5,It's just a movie derived from the prince and the beggar == It's a movie that everyone wants, so it's just a movie with a sense of theme
4,It wasn't very interesting
4,Did you really enjoy it?
6,They said it wasn't very interesting
1,It's funny, but...lol
1,not much
4,This is 12 million. That's not good. Laughing. Touching? It's not that special... Can't you just leave politics and make it a little bland?  The movie itself is a style that doesn't like. Conservative kids are a movie made for the left to watch. You might think so. It doesn't seem like a box office hit.
1,What's this? It's all affiliated files, so we exchanged 4,000 caches. Wow, that's not funny.
1,Do I have to make it like this to get more than 10 million? Audiences also play a big role in ruining Korean films.
1,I wish Soundtrack had made it really well, except for a little too much, but it's too high to adjust.
6,The content of Wang Yi Lo So Da is almost like...
1,Thieves or the main culprits in Gwanghae or Korean movies
1,The fictional imagination and sense of humor in the beginning were quite good, but I strongly felt that the theme itself was nationalistic and tended to go overboard towards the end The only king of Joseon?Oh my god
5,I give 5 points to the actors' acting. I don't understand why they swept away all the awards
1,not much
3,The content was too obvious, but the actors' acting skills stood out. Gwanghae tried to use his power to the common people. The Gwanghae film won the Grand Bell Award for better works than the film.What's with the making of mines and the making of them using power on the bad side...
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,I'm raising the rating again It's too high
1,Plagiarism Film Wins 15 Grand Bell Awards
3,Dave's copybook, for lack of creativity.
1,The real rating is 7 to 7.5. It's definitely fun.Although it showed the power of a major movie, the rating of 9 may be a proper result for popularity, but I think it is too exaggerated among the works based on the novel
1,It's like a bubble.It's a perfect movie for a Korean movie, but it's just obvious. Still, the humor code in some parts relieved the boredom, but it's not less than that. It's not bad for killing time, but let's not look forward to it
1,-_-;;;; I can't relate to the rating review. I think it's a part-time job.
5,Why did I do that?It was obvious
6,To be honest, I don't think it was a masterpiece enough to sweep the prize as much as the rating. Lee Byung-hun's performance alone was excellent.
4,A film that reflects the colonial view. / A movie that I drew without deep knowledge of the Neo-Confucianism of Joseon. Like the last word of the movie, if the only king of Joseon is Gwanghae... What about King Sejong?
5,I think this is going to be fun, so I think I'm really upset after watching this, right?
6,If it wasn't a movie-making composition, there's no connection to the composition
5,Are you serious? It's like a fantasy novel with a mass production style. If you are an elementary school student, you will be touched. I'm so into idealism that I can only snort. I feel like I've only heard a lot of crap. Even if you work part-time at a movie company, your rating of 9 is not reliable at all. At best, 6 or 7
1,The screening is over
1,Give me the werewolf boy, OOOs ㅗㅗㅗㅗㅗ Kwanghae, go away
1,Rating? Why is it so high? It's not that different from scissors hands
1,A movie with a lot of foam.
1,I don't know when I'm getting off the theater. As expected, CJ...
1,I know it's fun but it's too much
1,What are you doing?
4,When are we going to make a masterpiece like Star Wars, Ten Commandments, Terminator? Except for the simple back street story, where you always take off your clothes and curse, and like a gangster. Even if you take a nap in the middle, it's a movie that you know everything about
1,I know it's fun, but I'm sick of it
1,You still haven't heard of me.Because of this movie, there is no room for another movie.That's tough
6,It was worth watching, but it's kind of fun
6,Aesthetic tastes vary. Of course, I respect it. I think Gwanghae is a little obvious and childish, so it's just worth watching. In fact, I tried to give 7 points because it was not difficult to develop and the movie was difficult to be smooth, but I was really excited to hear that it was still playing. Let's grow up trash CJ...
5,It was fun, but I am a king Maybe because I watched it first, I felt plagiarized, so I guessed the content when I watched the movie.
1,Q: Q: Q: Q: Q, OOO flag
1,What if director Dave watches this movie?
5,There were comic elements and many touching parts, but I felt that it was cliche to appeal too much to emotions. It may be because of the well-organized structure, but the predictability of the future did not have a reversal effect.
6,Um... 10 million viewers... I don't think so. Anyway, it's good that Korean movies are successful! ^^
6,Anticipated story... But it was worth seeing as the actors' great acting.
1,It's made amazingly well. But it's plagiarism.ㅜㅜ
1,I don't really...The plot was clear and the development was far-fetched. I wish it was a movie that made me feel more in my heart than words.
1,Dirty part-timers, go down
1,It's not a movie that's going to be 15 times LOL
3,I was looking forward to it because it was a movie with 10 million hearts, but I don't understand if it's a movie with 10 million hearts. No freshness, no emotion.
1,I don't really...The plot was clear and the development was far-fetched. I wish it was a movie that made me feel more in my heart than words.
1,It's really good. I think it's definitely the number one Korean movie this year
5,Not as much as I thought. Bubbles...
2,Bubble-filled Korean Film Limits
3,The story was good, but it's not a fake, it's just a complete fiction.
1,The most trashy movie ever with 10 million viewers
5,It's nothing but actors' acting
1,It's a movie with a high rating of 7-8 points. It's fun, but it's for killing time. It's not a movie that's great enough to sweep the awards. It's a movie that Lee Byung-hun and Ryu Seung-ryong are worth watching
1,The rating is too high. It's not to this extent
1,I watched it because of Han Hyo-joo, but it's kind of weird because she doesn't come out a lot. The overall story of the movie was good, but it was too little for the main actress Han Hyo-joo
1,I don't have any lingering feelings ㅜㅜ
1,Jam piggyback sound
5,I don't know. Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot.Especially the part where the servants step on and the part where they run away...And I don't know if it's April or not, but I don't like the acting of forcing myself to be warm.I'm not sure if I'm emotionally dry.
5,I don't know what's fun and what's artistic It's just a third-rate
1, attract, invite, lure
5,The main character's strength is important, but Ryu Seung-ryong is the only one who can't do it, but Lee Byung-hun is awkward, which interferes with my immersion, and Han Hyo-joo is the same
5,It's really boring... Why is it over 9? Not fun with obvious endings
5,I watched this movie first and then Dave later. I should have seen Dave first. It is a pity that such a movie has attracted a huge audience and won all the awards at the Korean Film Festival.
5,I didn't know that there would be a movie that glorified Gwanghae-gun. The composition of the work, the actor's acting, and the decorated content were good, but honestly, it is not a good subject, so only 5 points are given.
1,a blatant copy of the Japanese master's movie 'Kagemusha'
5,I was just like that...  Your rating is quite high...Lee Byung-hun's acting was good, but... It's not that...
1,What kind of movie is it?That's not fun.Mr. Song...
1,Wow, the rating is high.Far less interesting than the Yellow Sea, let alone the chaser.There's no content
3,Don't put it down. It's a monopoly
1,It's... It's not like that.
6,It's bland from start to finish
5,My husband and people say it's fun, but why am I like that?
1,Dave 100% plagiarized OOO movie
6,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9 or more.Comic and touching.I think it'll be okay to have some time to spare
1,There were so many comments saying it was fun and the ratings were high, so I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't that touching, and there wasn't that much to raise your thumbs just because it was comic.I wonder if it's really the success of the part-timers. It's a movie that taught me that I should watch the review before the evaluation.
1,I don't want to be dragged to Bongcheon-dong after watching the movie well.
1,Winning promotion. Winning part-time job.
1,I don't do things like this, but it's ridiculous and I have a temper, so I use both IDs. The real seven square meters are more fun. It's really not fun. I watched it because the school told me to watch it. It's really not fun. It's really not fun. It's just actors. Everything else is good
1,The seven squares are more interesting. It's so obvious. It's not fun It's really not funny.
6,predictable clichés Acting is normal. For me, it's a masterpiece
5,If you want to get off for a different movie. Honestly, it wasn't even that funny.
3,It wasn't fun
1,He's the king of Gwanghae, and he's glorifying the bad guy as a comedy.
3,Dave Remake...  Why can't you say it's a remake?
1,...ㅇㅇㅈㅈOOOOOOㅎㅎㅎ...
1,What's wrong with Korean movies these days?
6,I just laugh from time to time and I'm the king It's kind of similar to this, so I don't think it's very fun
1,They say it's fun. I think 8 points is enough
1,This is kind of... No... I understand it as a comic, but it's not touching at all and the composition is not good. An elementary-level fantasy story that depicts a more ridiculous king with a ridiculous comic story.
1,I can't believe it's 9.2 points. Story development is also 이고, causing forced laughter
1,Until when are we doing this?It's really disgusting.To be honest, I don't understand that it's more than 10 million.I don't know what's funny.You're a loser.
1,Very disappointing compared to what I expected.
6,A movie inspired by Dave...Well-made or too-copied movies...Well put up with the unreleased epilogue...If not, Dave, the Korean version
5,I felt what King Barun was and it was fun
5,G and B
6,I'm impressed by Lee Byung-hun's  But the more I look at it...What I wanted was a serious development, but I was bored because there was a scene where I tried so hard not to miss anything such as laughter and touching. Why is the rating so high?
6,I don't know why the ratings are so good... What will happen to the middle ground at the end? Is that all you got on the boat? At the end, I thought you were going to see Han Hyo-joo after running on the boat with Good Takuna. -_-;;
1,Just.
1,It's not fun.
5,I don't know if it's because I've seen Wang Yi Lo So Da and Gwanghae, or if it's because I've been looking forward to it too much, except that the actors are good at acting.
1,I'm just like that's all.Is it really worth this much?
1,The rating is too high. I enjoyed watching it, but it's too high. I think 8 points would be enough
4,It's a movie that I don't understand what's interesting and why it's so popular
1,For movies that distort history, get 1 point from me
5,Director Kim Ki-duk deserves to be upset
5,It's not like I'm sweeping the table
5,I won too many awards. I don't know much about movies
4,Everyone says it's fun, but I don't know why I didn't have fun.  Is it because I blanked out when the actor changed his acting skills?Or is it because I saw Wangrosoida first?I wasn't able to get into it was watching.
1,It's really... boring It's the worst movie since multi-cellular girl. My aunt said she cried after watching this, but I think she watched the movie less.That's what I thought;
5,It was fun, but I'm sorry that the outfit was expressed in achromatic colors, and above all, I didn't think it was plagiarism because it was a popular plot to explain the plagiarism controversy.  I think I want to show the movie Dave to people who gave me high ratings.
1,Remove the foam. A movie that will make you embarrassed when you go abroad.
4,The 1993 movie "Dave" has almost the same structure and character. "Shame on you!!!"
1,Well...
1,One point
1,NAVER's score smells like fabrication.
1,ㅜㅜ
5,a waste of money
3,Not a very interesting movie.I don't understand why people are going crazy when Lee Byung-hun's acting is not so funny.Will the novel be interesting?
1,A vote cut after Dave.Even if you copy it, it's so cheesy
2,Did the movie theater only turn on Gwanghae? How did we get more than 10 million hearts?
3,I'm a king. I'm a cow, and it's more fun.But Ryu Seung-ryong and Lee Byung-hun's acting was the best. But it wasn't like 10 million movies.
1,The expert down there says the story is solid.With a plagiarized movie...Plagiarism movies are so popular that everyone is plagiarism... OO
3,If it weren't for Lee Byung Hun, it would have been that kind of movie
1,I was bored.
6,It was worth watching! My mom said it was fun and Ryu Seung-ryong said it was cool.But the evaluation is a bit low!
6,It's a well-made movie, but it's definitely not a nine-point movie. It's just appropriate to say that it went viral.
1,It's fun, but...I can't watch other movies because of this
1,...it's a trick.It's a bit too much.
2,I strongly recommend the werewolf boy!
1,Wake up CGV, who only increases the number of theaters they invested in and distributes, and picks out all the movies! The audience has the right to watch the movie they want to watch. It's sad that you have to watch only what you hang It reminds me of the advertisement that CJ makes culture. I'm throwing up!
6,It's always like that. Make Korean movies minus 2 pointsIt's so hard
5,Is the movie special or Gwanghaegun special?
1,This is your level
1,The thoughtless audience is overdoing 10 points. The film has a good rating of seven.
5,I was just like that
4,I don't like this one. I think I copied Wangrosoida. If there's a difference between Wangrosoida and Wangrosoida, I found someone with the same face from the beginning in Gwanghae, and sometimes I talked about Wangrosoida
1,When I watch a movie, I usually don't sleep, but I slept really well.
6,7 points would be generous... What is Lee Byung Hun... Joo Ji-hoon, the same main character, "I'm a king, I'm Lee So." If you look at the ratings, you'll see a perfect score for Korean golfers.
6,I honestly don't know why this movie is fun.I fell asleep while watching a movie.Acting is good
1,It was worth watching, but I don't know if it's enough to praise it. Not too long ago, during Kwangjongsang.
1,I just don't like this pervert.
1,It's worth watching the CGV during the opening season of Gwanghae. There's Gwanghae at the ticket booth. I looked around and saw the poster on the wall, and the staff took control of Gwanghae T-shirt. It's not bad, but it's not good
1,I think a rating of 6 is appropriate. There are a lot of part-timers who hit 10 points, so the movie made me feel the tyranny of the distributor's monopoly
6,I think I expected too much It wasn't as fun as I expected. Was it this fun to have a high rating?It begs the question that
1,It's worth watching, but I think the rating is too high
1,It's worth seeing...But isn't the bubble too much?
1,not very interesting
1,This is the level of a Korean film critic. Hah!
2,Hm... Boring. Like a forced smile? It's childish. The story isn't solid.
1,If it weren't for Lee Byung-hun, I would have given him 5 points.
4,Following the king's man... The movie will attract 10 million viewers and give a generous rating.
6,Fun, but not very fun you have big expectations.
1,It was just...T
1,Wow, what I felt when I saw this... The fact that Lee Byung-hun is good at acting, but as time goes by, I feel like I'm going crazy... I feel sad because Dae Jong-sang seems to be playing only too many movies.
1,Wow
5,History, Romance, comedy, moving movie
1,What should I say? It's like a film version of the life story of a very crazy king.
1,That's right, but the rating is too high.
4,To be honest, 10 million is kind of bad
1,I can't believe it's 10 million. Kim Ki-duk, Jae In-yong, "Perfect for the Korean Audience," I think.
6,The narrative is... The screen is flexible, but...
1,It's fun, but 7-8 points is just right
1,I've got two eyes.It wasn't even fun ㅜㅜ
2,A film that can feel the power of the distributor.
1,A cliché nugget, a plain scenario. And Shim Eun-kyung, who plays Nine, who makes her hands and feet cringe. To be honest, it's really not in the nine points range. About 7.5? I think the distributor's power was great. It's the same 10 million, but thieves are much more well-made in terms of movies. I gave you 1 point to get the rating.
1,It's similar to the movie "I'm a King"...
1,It's a really good movie, but I'll give you 1 point to make it 9 points by lowering it slightly to 9.27 points
5,It wasn't that fun for 10 million.So 5 points!
4,I don't like historical dramas, but this movie is not a movie that I want to watch again. I made it well and the actors' acting was great. It was fun, but it was not a movie that I could say is good
1,Well, well, well.
1,It's a well-made work, and the actors' acting was great, and I enjoyed it, and I recommended it to people around me, but I couldn't give you 0 because it was plagiarism of "Dave," so I gave you 1 point. The story tells me that it's completely copied... It was shocking
1,It's not 1 point, but 9.27 points is even more like 8 points It's well made!
6,Roh Moo Hyun What Bbadori will like
1,I don't like the fact that I felt the tyranny of the distributor
1,Over 10 million viewers?Hah!
1,I missed the king's man so much the whole time.The main character of this movie is not Lee Byung-hun or Ryu Seung-ryong, but distributor CJ
1,I think the rating is too high. It's just like that. Like a TV drama.
2,Lee Byung-hun fed him.
6,It wasn't funny, and I laughed in between, but it wasn't that funny. I just downloaded it at home.It wasn't worth going to the theater
1,The production is good and the acting is good, but due to plagiarism, about 8 points are appropriate.
6,It was nice to be able to think of pretty screens and the appearance of kings and courtesans during the Joseon Dynasty, but it was too forced. The originality sublimated the deterrence into fun, but it became a cartoon-like content that became unbearable as the second half went on.
3,It would have been better if it had been a more honest portrayal of characters in an overly demagoguery movie, but it was cringe-worthy
1,It's worth watching
5,I was so happy to wake up in the second half of course
5,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it.There was no big tension, no big emotion. I waited all the time to see when the heartbreaking part would come out, but it didn't come out
1,It's overrated. It's 10 million
6,There were small fun parts and visually beautiful parts, but I was wondering because the character's personality changed in a hurry in the middle part, and I felt like I was trying to force a move.
5,It's fun and the actors have great acting skills. The story is monotonous, good or bad, and upset viewers' expectations. It's the worst movie I've ever seen.
1,It's not bad, but there's nothing memorable...
1,I don't like it. There are so many interesting movies.
1,The best wolf
5,It's just, uh...I just watched a movie I left a belated review, but I never thought it would exceed 10 million;
5,easy to see
1,The story is completely rubbish, and it's just a movie about historical characters with their own stories. The reporters downstairs are professionals, pretending to be experts without knowing...Anyway, a movie made by a shaman.
6,It was fun in the middle, but it was a little boring as time went by.It wasn't that bad
3,A movie that wasn't fun...
5,I don't think it was a movie that deserves such a generous score. What's wrong with you guys?
1,Gwanghae is so much like the movie Dave. If you bought the copyright in advance, it's a remake, but if not, it's plagiarism. If you like Gwanghae, I recommend you to watch a movie called Dave.
1,There are still people who watch trashy and strong movies. Pay 10,000 won each. That's why people who can't even act live on food. Watch movies. Sit down for 5 minutes. Don't watch trash that you know and raise your eye level
3,I've been feeling this way for a long time, but I don't think this mixed-jjigae movie goes well with me. Obvious slapstick, obvious comment, obvious tear-jerking... It's funny in the beginning, and then it's half the movie. This kind of Korean movie... This year's A is definitely a battle against crime
1,It was fun, but CJ is antagonizing me
1,To be honest, it wasn't that long and fun I sometimes force myself to laugh in the middle of it's not that good either
6,Did you like Lee Byung-hun's acting? I can't feel the beat because I'm forced to work together and make the audience laugh and move.I'm sorry.
1,I think it's overrated because of the presidential election. 7 points is appropriate
6,Lee Byung-hun's acting was good.But the whole story and setting was boring, a drama-like scale.Spring is not good enough for a movie.
1,I've been yawning throughout the movie, and I don't like the quality of my work and acting. I wonder why I won the Grand Bell Award!
1,8.1 is an appropriate score... 9.3? I can't believe it LOL
1,That's awesome!
1,The story was boring, and it was really bad
1,I don't know if it's a movie up to this point
1,I'm not sure about that. I hope that the aftermath of the movie will not obscure the essence of this movie.
5,I enjoyed watching it, but I don't think it's a movie that lingers after watching it
1,9 points is too much. rating adjustment
1,...not much
1,It's not that...
1,an unanswered movie
1,It was fun, but it's not worth 15 crowns. The movie version is also a rag.  Bitter.
4,Dave, fake
5,It was fun to be honest, but I don't understand that the rating is in the 9 points Lee Byung-hun's acting was amazing. The movie itself is not a big hit
1,If it's a comedy movie, I recommend Ureume. It is a ridiculous work to sweep 15 grand prizes. The reason why head coach Kim Ki-duk left is enough.
1,Rubbish. Speak with confidence.
1,These days, 10 million people with dogs and cows?;; Why are people getting lower and lower...
2,It's not fun. It's annoying that you try to force me to move. I only did a lot of commercials. I don't understand this and that in common sense.
1,It's the reality of CJ's part-time job. People who buy points with money
1,Well, it's not bad, but I think it's more than 9 points
1,Before recommending Gwanghae, look at Dave, and you'll see if this is a movie or a parody video.
5,a story for a TV drama It's probable, it's novel, it' Sleepy.
1,There is no zero point. Movie dictatorial movie. If I made another movie without killing it, Han Hyo-joo was pretty
1,The motif is corny, the last part is childish, the subject is obvious, and the first part is predicted...The rest of the video was okay, but I'm going to adjust the rating
5,I was really looking forward to the movie before it was released. I was disappointed after I saw it. I thought it would get off soon. I didn't know there would be this much audience. ;; I don't know if this movie was that good. It's really boring, it's really cringe-worthy.
2,It's a forced entertainment movie. ㅜㅜ
1,What's the criteria for selecting the grand prize? Is he an actor? Audience? I don't think it's workmanship or acting skills... What is it?
1,Maybe you should take a look at Dave, or you can search for Dave's mines and read them.Despite this controversial movie, the "Great Bell Award" was created by people loyal to big companies.Actually, it is easy to watch a movie because of CJ, but the public will turn around someday.
1,Over
1,In the early days of Gwanghae's release, eight out of 10 theaters were Gwanghae. That's why 1 million viewers are so obvious There was one plus one, and if you don't get a million viewers, you won't be able to get rid of the stigma of being a movie plastered with OO money.
5,Only Lee Byung-hun's acting is worth watching. There's no twist at the end of the story... It ended like a calm river. Nonsense... ㅜ.ㅜ
1,It's okay. The thieves were okay, but Gwanghae was worse
6,Sometimes movies have a storyline with the motif of a world-famous fairy talesLet's look for Gwanghae, such as "Prince and Beggar" and "The Count of Montecristo," which can also be a taste of watching movies. A hundred years later, the story of this world masterpiece is still working, and the writer is really
1,Oh, I gave you a low score by mistake. What should I do?
1,Isn't it just a comic historical drama?Honestly, it's not 1 point, but 9 is too much. I think 7 would be enough
1,About 7 points? But I'm going to cut down on the 15th grade because it's too much.What did you do that you didn't get any of those great movies and Kwanghae swept them away.
1,Daejongsang, a kind of festival held by an African tribe in the eyes of the majority of movie fans outside Korea. Even in the so-called "pure comprehensive art" film, the vulgarity, and nothing more or less, in which Korean-style capitalism is deeply expressed.
1,I think it's a score manipulation How can a movie like this have 9 points?I think it's as big as Titanic? You have no conscience.
6,I don't think it's a movie that can be swept away. The message of the war on crime is more certain than the mine sea. Gwanghae is just happy to see
1,It will remain a stain on Korean film history.
1,Did you solve the rating part-time job? You are determined to ruin our movie industryLOL
5,That's just how I felt
4,It's just plain
6,I just downloaded a movie at home and it wasn't worth paying for. It wasn't that fun
1,Daejongsang, are you'really? It's the CJ version, right? People who've been to Gwanghae, are you an acorn or a thief?
1,a movie that shows the tyranny of a large corporation
1,gf. You're the only ones in the movie? CJ is amazing How much money did you spend on the committee members? ^^ is a big company! Good ^^ It's a comedy festival. Don't celebrate too much. You have to eat first to celebrate
1,Daejongsang... Kwanghae... CJ...
1,One point is not enough
1,The only movie to watch is Lee Byung-hun. And Dae Jong-sang was a gag.
1,It's worth watching
1,I'm so annoyed
1,fun
1,Let's make CJ do it all... Let's not make it's okay
1,Don't be fooled
1,Since there are more than 10 million viewers, do I have to give you 10 points?
1,Let's not do that much. 9 points is too much. I'll give you 1 point
1,9 points?
1,A nine-point movie is a bit off, but it's fun.lol
1,The rating is too high. It's like a movie in the late 7s
1,It's fun, but it's not what I expected, but it's too high The rating is...
6,In the beginning, I almost fell asleep because it was boring and calm, but the movie was not bad, but I think there were too many boring parts in the content to give 10 points
1,It wasn't fun. It was the same story as the man who became king. Is it because I saw a man who became king?
6,Gwanghae and the Thieves.   I guess I was looking forward to it too much - I'm sure there'll be something great until the end.  I looked at it with my feelings, and overall, it's plain
5,I'm strangely sleepy. I don't remember... I want to see it properly again;
1,be overrated
6,Less than expected. Lee Byung-hun's acting was worth watching, but the overall drama was not good. Emotions, laughter, humor, and stories are all two percent lacking.
1,If you thought the ending of the movie was a twist that made you know the culture level of the Korean people, who didn't study history?
1,The 9-point range is really too much. Next time I look at it, it's 8.5... It's about that much. NAVER information is beyond manipulation...
6,A little luxurious, I'm Wang Rosso. But the over-the-top comic is intrusive
5,Everyone's rating is too high I felt like I edited a historical drama and the last one.It seemed to be made only commercially, and it was a little uncomfortable because it glorified Gwanghaegun so much. But the acting was superb.
1,It's really
1,I am Wang Yi-ro-soa plagiarized trash movie
6,The actors' acting is not bad But a cliche story that makes you yawn. There was a little laugh material, but I didn't mean to be crazy to laugh
6,It's okay to look at it even if it's a little obvious
4,A film that draws on elements of the box office hits. And laugh code that explodes from here and there to over 10 million people, the movie guide is CJ...
6,With far-fetched comic elements and romance...He's been scolding me for a long time.Watching a movie or a political campaign...However, the fiction composition was impressive.
6,Lee Byung-hun's acting in Gwanghae was good, but not good at getting off. The most important disembarkation character throughout this work is completely invisible. I don't have anything in my heart, but I'm good at it because I suddenly made a king while playing with my cheekbones. I can't even play with my cheekbones. It should have been worse.
6,The humor code stood out, but the overall storyline was Hollywood-style, so you don't have to think too much about a movie that'
6,Money is a waste. The acting is great, but the story is not very fresh or the development is not fresh.
5,Did I expect too much? Thieves are much more fun -_-..  For a movie, it's just...It's worth watching.
1,The actors' acting skills are the best!!!The rest is trash.
6,The reviews were so good that I took time out of it, but it's not as good as the ratings...It's a bit far-fetched... It wasn't boring, so 6 points
5,Well
3,bad
3,Honestly, the power of word of mouth.
4,Personally, I like this change, but it was too much. Lee Byung-hun's movie for Lee Byung-hun...
1,Not a bad hit movie. But defense is also our team. It's a ridiculous situation, so this is just a home run.
5,Pieta was funnier.
6,It was great to describe Gwanghae's selection well, but the setting of him acting as a substitute seemed a little absurd, and the reality fell a little. Ha-sun's hands and feet were cringe-worthy when she acted over the top. The acting was good, but it was a bit disappointing
5,The actors' performance is excellent. But the story is too obvious. Would it have exceeded 10 million without the presidential election, Lee Byung-hun and Ryu Seung-ryong?
5,I'm the king, Rosso?Is it? It looks like part 2 when you look at Ju Jihoon. It's not good when you look at it at the same time
6,Is it real? Is it fake? It's not important. a world of compassion
5,It's a fun but predictable movie
1,Is this fun? It'd be better to just walk away and watch a historical drama at home ㅉㅉㅉ
1,I don't understand why it's first place. What's the difference between me and King Lee So-da?I'm a king. I'm a king. I'm a king. It's unfortunate that there's something that's too bright
6,Just so-so. Obvious story, laughter, touching... not much.
6,Am I the only one who feels uncomfortable because the movie's message seems to overlap with the election candidates'
5,I'll just
5,I know that Gwanghaegun was misunderstood as a tyrant, but the imagination of the movie is too much. The movie seems to be relatively popular because the political world is in such a mess these days.
1,It's not funny at all ㅉㅉㅉ
1,I don't understand why this movie is still number one.
1,As for me who watched Dave, I can only give this movie a zero rating
6,It's my fault that I expected
1,I saw the audience clapping, crying, laughing, and making a fuss on TV, and it was so boring It's just a waste of money and time, it's a waste to watch the theater, so watch it when you're on TV a few years later
1,I don't understand what's so fun about Solka.It feels like I watched a TV drama.
1,It was fun.
1,It's one of the most childish movies I've ever seen The content was corny and the director's intention was questionable whether he was trying to make people laugh or cry.
6,It's not that it wasn't fun, but I don't know until 10 million. As if there was a real publicity effect, I don't think there was anything like a king or a man
5,It's similar to the story of the person who saw the king.Maybe that's why it wasn't fun
6,There are fun parts in between, and it's okay in many ways, but if you look at the preview and look forward to it...I can't
1,[Voiceover] I feel a little bit high.The right combination of seriousness and laughter was good, but...It was kind of an obvious ending. Since Lee Byung-hun is in a historical drama, it feels like his hands and feet are cringeworthy.K
1,The Korean prince and beggar have an intelligent rating of 6 points as if they are managing their popularity
6,It wasn't boring, but I don't want to watch it twice if it wasn't particularly fun enough to go over 10 million.
1,10 million is too much and the rating is too high. It was fun
1,To be honest, 10 million movies are not true. These days, more than 10 million movies are in demand, but there is no supply, which means that there are many people to watch, but there are no movies to watch, so there are more than 10 million movies And the rating is too high, so I'm going to cut it
6,It's really below my expectations, but I don't know why it's so high... A few days ago, I saw Wang Yi Lo So Da and it was very similar But King Lee So Da is funnier...crying
6,I was disappointed with the lines that didn't make me laugh well. It's not a big laugh, it's not a real emotion, it's a simple thing to do. It's the greasyest king of all time. It's enough to watch on TV.
1,I went and watched it because it was going to be fun. To be honest, about 7.5 points is appropriate.It's not a movie with 10 million viewers. It could have been better and more fun, but I couldn't pull them all out. It is the power of distribution and manipulation by the big distributor
5,It is just a movie that adds popular stimulation and obvious emotion, and there is no artistry or novelty in the movie itself.
1,I can't understand the rating. It's too obvious and loose.No urgency.
4,I think it's too much for the ratings to go up. The material was good, but the way the movie was released was too third-rate... I was looking forward to his joke but disappointed
5,Personally, I don't... Every moment was fun, but below expectations... My horoscope is too high to be honest.
1,9.3? 9.3 is too high and it's a waste of more than 7 points... It's an obvious story, so if it's too expensive to watch, watch it for killing time I dozed off, but it's good to take time off because it's two hours long
2,Who gives 10 points? The overall rating is 9.3... mischief, movie, boring... Where did you cry? ㅠㅠ
5,Let's be honest. It's not about the content. It's not fun to watch. It's worth watching. It's about clapping for the commercial. It's exaggerated. Overall, it's just...
1,A movie that reminds me of Dave...
4,It's a movie that's only good at that time. As time goes by, low-grade slapstick comedy is rampant. A movie that's emotional because of its grand development
5,Based on the premise of the king and the beggar, it is a movie about Gwanghae-gun before his death, but it is obvious and there is a lot of laughter, but the uncomfortable feeling of the movie made with forced emotion
2,The story is similar to "I'm a king, Rosso."Personally, I think it's more interesting.But I think it is a movie that I bought thanks to Lee Byung Hun. I don't like the story. Lee Byung-hun's acting is good!
6,It's fun... I'm a little sad about the ending, but...
6,The rating of the movie is too high. I was bored in the middle. Comic elements and concepts are similar to "I'm Wangrosoida". Isn't that all you've given us? Lee Byung-hun's acting was good
1,He's not funny
1,I bet this movie is funnier than this one never comes out this year. It's a crazy fun movie, but I'll give you one star LOL Because I don't like Lee Byung Hun
1,Do you give me 9.3 movies like OOO?  Ah, it's making it normal sweet
1,There's a lot of nonsense
5,The movie is fun, but I don't know if it's enough to provoke such a huge response. Lee Byung-hun doesn't have his own vibe. That doesn't mean he's a great actor. He shows a different performance than usual. I recommend it for killing time
1,How can you be so similar to Dave?It's amazing that it's not plagiarism!
1,What's with all the blatant "Dave" plagiarism and 10 million people?
1,It's not like you're going to put your name in a crazy way or you're going to give twins one plus one vote. There are speculations that they're trying to get over 10 million hearts
2,I should've gone crazy, but I almost passed it
5,I don't think it's a well-made movie, but it's popular because it's something that everyone can easily see. Like Gangnam Style... I hope there will be more movies with various stories.
1,It's okay. It's worth watching. But Solka wasn't 9 points. You must really want to get 10 million viewers for the latest movie, Cj.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
4,Predictable story I don't understand why this rating is so high
1,a no-baby movie
1,It's not fun. It's fun when it's poop
5,It's just so so obvious. It's so obvious. I don't know if Lee Byung-hun is good at acting because he saw Han Seok-kyu's performance in the deep-rooted tree. It's a movie that you don't have to watch in theaters
1,It was fun.
1,It's a movie that can't help but increase the number of viewers because it advertises heavily and gives free tickets!
1,It's not that fun. Do you call this fun?
6,Kim In-kwon's casting is the only mistake in the movie.
1,I was disappointed because I had high expectations
1,It was worth watching, but I don't think 10 points is right There were some interesting scenes, but the movie as a whole, it's not 10 points.The actors' performance was good, but the score was so high that the experts gave me a perfect score
5,King's man, I am King Rosso a strong historical drama frame
1,You copied all the con artists and you're shameless.
1,I should go to the theater and download the spring. It's touching, but it's so different from reality. It's just a movie
6,a restful film
1,Plagiarism is like this. I thought Dave bought the copyright. I can't concentrate the whole time I watch.
1,My subjective view is that this rating is an exaggeration. I'm just a 7.3 piece of work.
1,I thought it would fly from here and there. What is this? Where the hell is the fun? Why is the rating so high? You scammers are annoying. You just threw away your money. Honestly, it's not funny
3,It's just
5,You've done enough. It's not bad, but if it's 9 points, I'll give you 5 points
1,It's just a movie about the right life in elementary school. a meeting of the Hong Moon-gwan, Hyeong-jo, Tae-jang, Do-Yoo-Sa, and the Chambers of State a riverbed Lee Jo Jeonrang. Will Lee Byung-hun and Han Hyo-joo know the meaning of Hangul in the movie?People don't even know. The topic is a proper life for elementary school students. There is a great contradiction.
5,I don't know why it's so high. I'm looking forward to it and it's boring.Lee Byung Hun's acting was so good. Sunny came out. Im Nami, good
1,What's fun?
1,To be honest, I thought about 8 points, but there was an excessive score, so I'm going to lower it. I've got an expert rating of seven, but I don't know if people have low standards My review was very funny. That's the only thing that's touching, sad, forced approach, and acting doesn't bother me  I don't know if it's the same code as me.
6,It's exactly 6 points.B grade jokes. Only obvious items.
4,The content is very obvious and bland. I heard you cry and laugh, but it's just a little funny and sad. Once again, the movie has no content and Lee Byung-hun's acting is full of life. I don't think it's so valuable that it goes viral after 10 million hearts. Lee Byung-hun's acting was worth watching.
5,To be honest, gag is fun, but the content is a little boring
1,What is this? Is it because I'm looking forward to it?
1,Obviousness
1,I don't know why this is the number one reservation rate...
1,I really don't like it. Lee Byung-hun, it's weird that people suddenly change. It's dragging and forced
1,He acted well and directed well, but failed to put a discourse on the plot that he copied, so he gave him Minju
1,It's not a score like this, but I should lower it a bit. It's like 8 points. Lee Byung Hun's acting is the best. Hyo Joo doesn't come out pretty. There's no bad scene
1,The content is vague and there is no topic
1,I'm loaded. 9876543210
1,I feel like I'm distorting history, contrary to King Lotsoida
4,It's a good content, but why are there so many 10 points? It's part-time job heaven
5,I like the format of a clown becoming king, but the relationship between Lee Byung-hun and Sawol is not convincing at all The details are forced, cheesy, and I can't get into it because I can't get into it at all It was too bad
6,Somehow
1,It was easy, but I don't understand why this movie has the highest reservation rate. It felt similar. It wasn't like this when a better movie came out
1,I think I'm not emotional enough. I'm not good at it. My rating for a typical commercial movie is
1,an infantile child
1,It's not fun at all, but why is it so high? It's like a seven-point movie
6,I don't know if it's because of the ratings, but it's not as good as I expected.First of all, I wasn't bored, but I didn't feel the lingering feeling of success, but I think it wasn't more boring because all the actors were good at acting
1,To copy another movie, you have to keep it to that extent.
1,The content is crude. I fell asleep while watching it.
1,I think the king is more interesting.The first movie that made me sleep in the theater... It's annoying
6,Just plain funny.I don't think it's much different from King Rosoda.I think Lee Byung-hun's acting skills saved the movie.
6,Honestly, the cringe isn't boring, but it's nothing more or less from the trailer
1,I'm doing everything I can to reach 10 million
1,What's so funny?
3,It's true that Lee Byung-hun acted well, but compared to his previous films...Did I expect a lot ㅠㅠ..
5,Did I expect too much?
3,It is my first time to use my phone while watching a movie.
1,Insulting Gwanghaegun...
1,It's my first time watching a movie where I slept
1,What's wrong with the rating? It's a part-time series. I don't think I've watched two TV historical dramas
5,It's just... Your rating is very high.
1,Everyone says they like it, but what's the reason? It was just a movie that went by
1,I don't know.;  Is it because I'm not a fan of Lee Byung-hun?
4,I was just like that, and...
6,The story is good. It's instructive, but the movie itself is a bit boring
1,I saw a lot of advertisements for actor Lee Byung-hun playing two roles. How many cuts are there? I don't know if it's just me, but compared to my acting experience and popularity, I don't remember any of the best movies
1,Not interested in history, I dozed off
1,a boring movie
5,I don't have a choice in CGV, so I've been forced to watch half of the movie theaters. It's boring to show off all of them...?! I'm Wang Yi, and the material of Soidara is the same...What's funny? I think it's going well because the movie theater pushed me so hard.
1,I don't know what's the difference between King and Soida. I think it's just the difference between the main actors, but the bubbles are a little too much
1,There are a lot of part-timers. I slept because I was sleepy. Lee Byung Hun, rice, 아님, 아님, or
4,I didn't have anything to think of except music.
6,But Lee Byung-hun's acting is still good. When you act real.When a fake acts like a real person - his eyes are different
6,I'm so touched
