극장판 주술회전 0
2,It's boring. Japan is not as good as before
6,Stop selling your goods ㅠㅠ (currently in the 9th week)
1,I guess all the otaku enjoyed watching it. The ratings are so high
6,It was very interesting to see the theater version after encountering Annie, the first stage of the magic rotation. The main content is the process of unraveling the narrative of the character, Clothes Coats Yuta, and it was regrettable that as the second half went on, I felt like I was in a hurry to finish it. The Blade of Destruction: Feeling a little bit lacking compared to Infinite Train...!
5,I like action production, but I don't know compared to demise.
1,It felt like a random mix of Inuyasha + Naruto + Guitar Annie, and it was so childish and obvious that the boy and girl liked each other when they were young, and the story of the main character and other students becoming friends was not likely. Naruto and One Piece are very detailed in the process of becoming friends, but they suddenly say we're friends. And there's no story, but only violence. If Inuyasha mixes the monster's eccentricity, romance, and emotion properly, this animation has no story. It's my first time wasting money watching an animation
1,Don't watch it unless it's a fandom
1,I don't understand why everyone is crazy about the low quality of Muggles
4,It's a movie made for a fan of a cartoon called "Magic Spin," and I recommend you not to watch it if you don't know much about it
6,The action is definitely amazing
2,It's not that fun if you don't know the story. I can't get into it because it's unlikely
6,Emotions are shallow, philosophy is clumsy. The reason for the score of 6 is purely thanks to the director.
2,You spent a lot of money on your part-timer and blogger.You'll regret it. Watch something else(Crying
6,It's fun
4,It's not fun. I was looking forward to it, but if it wasn't fun, the action scene would be awkward. I can hear the snoring next to me. I almost fell asleep while watching it. The score of 9 doesn't make sense, and if you watch it for free later on, it's worth watching for killing time, but it was a waste of money
2,I think it's an animation that the chew fans will like.
6,I don't know if it's because I don't watch animationsI don't want to see disgusting bugs like zombies
6,I'm so sad about the last DIARY TOD direction. Although it is a force majeure, the tension decreases as it drew the contents before the first term.
6,Theater version of Magic Rotation
6,Dress, Naruto, Bleach, Hunter x Hunter, Dragon Ball One spoon each
2,Hello, we're Real
6,If it was just like that'
6,It was good to understand the series even if I didn't know it well
6,Honestly, Japanese comics seem to be getting worseHow is it that all the voice actors' cheesy way of saying things are the same for justice?I didn't look forward to it, but as expected...No fun is a plus. The story suddenly changes
1,JAEMIN's limited animation
2,....a dull and boring development It's nothing if you take out the battle scene. It's nothing if the viewer doesn't mind ㅠㅠ
6,PODI X is awesome
1,I was thinking about whether to go out or not during the show.I expected it because it was called "Magical Rotation 0," but the main characters of this movie didn't even show their faces. It's kind of like the action scene because you had a hard time watching the end of the character's explanation video. The last power-up scene of Zero's main character makes me laugh.
6,The main character = Shinji, Rika = Shinji Mom, Explosive Eva, Glasses Lady = Asuka + Marie, Teacher = Kakashi + E laser head, Panda = Ranma Pervert Panda. a flood of homages and parodies
5,It's not as funny as the rating. I don't know why there are so many scenes that suddenly become serious without context or useless flashbacks. To be honest, the action seems to run a lot compared to the earlobe.At the end, I thought I'd show you a little bit, but in the end, it's not a dragon ball, but an energy fight. But if you're a female audience who likes Go, Inumaki, it'll just be fun. It's coming out really cool.
6,Action is better with TVA than movies, unlike comic books, service scenes for TVA characters appear in the middle of the movie, but honestly, it's a relief. But the legendary translation line ㅜㅜㅜㅜ Make a lot of money Dear translator...
6,Maybe because I watched the Hiroaka movie version right away, it wasn't fun.I have nothing to say I'm very disappointed. I think it would have been better to rehash the TV version
1,Yoon Seok Yeol and Kim Gun Hee will like this animation
2,If you say it's not good, it's counter-bubble terrorism; objectively, there's no appreciation for anything other than action
6,It's a pity that there's no action scene of Gojyo's infinite henchman or other sorcerer's domain development, and the action of the ghetto and the main character was actually lower than the expectation that ended with a bang
6,Maybe because of the high expectations, it was much more boring than the series.
6,I was scared in the beginning, but I enjoyed the second half
1,I'm adjusting the rating because of the fuss
6,Just look at the fans
6,It is a variety of jjamppongs, such as Naruto, Evangelion, and Bleach, and there is a reason why it is a famous restaurant as it seems to be a well-made jjamppong. Previously on the animated version of the Magic Rotation
1,I hate you so much
1,I watched the first episode of the movie, but it wasn't fun, so I turned it off The reviews were so good that I watched the movie with expectation that it would be fun, but I fell asleep and barely finished watching it. It's not fun compared to the earringscrying
4,If you don't know anything about Annie, I recommend you not to watch it. I trusted my friend, but it wasn't my type
1,For Rika's parents, they just let their daughter play with a strange boy who had been nourished by the education curriculum for 10 years, but they didn't even know how to change clothes, how can they cry?
6,I can't say anything because I'm not a Zestal. crying
1,I thought it was some kind of masterpiece rating.
1,To Kyōjuro Rengoku!!!
2,Good visuals but less likely to concentrate on movies
2,It's a waste of stars, too. Just losing money
1,Is it true that you get angry when you chew?
6,I don't know what to write down
6,
5,The OST for entering high school was good in the beginning, and the overall story was fun, but the directing was too cliché. With one wedding ring, Yuta showed me three times looking back on Rika...
1,I fell asleep while watching it ㅜㅜ Maybe it's because I'm old or because I don't know the story
1,
1,That's childish. What a waste of money.
4,I had a hard time because I didn't have enough horsepower.
6,Wow, the main character, Teacher Gae
4,If you don't know the contents of the magic rotation, it might not be fun.I can't believe my score is this high.
2,For me, it's not fun... It's a bit touching
2,I don't think it's funny;;
6,I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't
1,It was just childish.
1,I'm really curious. Why are you looking at Annie like this?
6,Did I expect too much? It wasn't fun at all...More important than that, there's not a single area development.T
1,It wasn't fun because he died too soon
4,a theatrical version of a sorcery spin
5,I dozed off for the first 30 minutes ㅠㅠStory??? Love is great??Friendship lasts forever?It's not as fun as I expected!
4,I don't recommend it unless you like Japan or it's a typo.
6,Annie was much more fun, so I looked forward to it a lot, but it felt kind of empty. This is how good our battle scenes are! It's like a movie made to show off. I think it's more like that because it's too obvious. Annie is full of things that aren't obvious when you see the beginning and middle part, but compared to that
6,The villains lacked motivation to confront the sorcerer, so they couldn't focus on the colorful action. Honestly, I don't understand the setting of fighting sorceresses for sorceresses. If only the story of the Mail villain had been supplemented.
6,a lack of knowledge of the original work The action and visual beauty are excellent. However, it seems that it is not easy to fully feel the charm of the work and the charm of the characters in the theater version alone. The huge war called "Baekgui Night Trip" seems a little out of the blue, so the impact falls. Maybe it's because there's no attractive character like Ren-Koku with an ear knife, but you can't feel it at all at once.
4,I throw away my eyes while looking at the blade of destruction.  in a sad state of mind
1,It's not fun. Who's going to see this?JAEMIN will watch it
4,It's a waste of my money... Give back the original
6,It reminds me of Death Note Ryuk
6,I didn't like it. Maybe it's because my standard is infinite. It's too obvious. The production was worth watching, but I was brainwashed by Yupo Tubble, and the quality of the painting was so low that the taste fell throughout the whole time. Especially in the last fight... I got goosebumps when Tod and the main character fought together, but...
6,I can't concentrate because the fans are complaining. I'm upset. Why are you doing this? I don't recommend you as a fan. I recommend you
5,I don't think it's a good idea to look forward to the story, but it's okay if you watch it like Marvel
4,I like magic turns, but honestly, clothes, coats, voice actors, and everything else, except for combat scenes, is childish, so I feel like a surrogate shame.
1,It's definitely not 9 pointsThe infinite train is so popular that it's so obvious that I made it in a hurryThe probability left the house in a hurry, and I was annoyed by the addition of Japanese animation's unique new wave and explanatory insectAfter watching Uncharted, I thought it would be okay for killing time, but it's just like a fan service theater version, so don't watch it unless you're a fan of magic. Objectively, it's a 4-5 movie, but you'll get 1 point as a defender of balance
2,It's not fun as a person who watched it because of an animation character
1,Clementine in the animation world? What's wrong with all the reviews? It's a serious waste of money.I trusted NAVER rating of 9 points, but I decided not to trust NAVER rating for the first time
2,We're here to have a gathering of Odoks
1,Otaku. There are a lot of nerds That's too bad
2,I was really looking forward to it, but it felt like I was going away from the original. There's no finger-related story, and the video is beautiful, but the story was childish.For your information, I paid a lot of money to read the latest comments. So I'm writing an honest review
1,I was looking forward to it, but I'm disappointed.
1,I watched it because it had good reviews, but it was just a movie with obvious direction and story.
1,Sigh... I watched it because I really like money-saving magic, but the direction is so obvious...YUTA's voice actor's voice is unique. If you don't want to hear it, you picked the wrong one.It's worth watching when Nanami comes out, but there's not much footage.I was forced to...I heard action movies are worth watching. It's just...
6,I don't want to compare myself to an ear knife. I'm not saying the magic rotation is boring, but I think the infinite train is different
2,It's so cool when I watch it, and I can become a fan of Yuta right away! Rika and Yuta are so cool.ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Everyone should know this. I'll look forward to next seasonㅠㅠ 덕 I can be your fanㅠㅠ I really admire you for creating this amazing work ㅠㅠ The grandeur didn't go away the whole time you watched it!!! Fighting on the magic rotation!!!!!>S<
6,I thought it was a grand action movie, but it was a romantic romance.
6,Look at the movie version of "Devil's Blade."
5,Why... Why? Why? It's not fun. I want to have fun, too The story is obvious
4,To be honest, if it wasn't good, it felt like there wasn't much, but it was omitted a lot
4,John Nano Jam. At the end, you're going to play against the villain, but you don't have to give a S-po. If you're going to look forward to the infinite train, fold it
6,
1,Japanese animations have no philosophy or vision like Hayao Miyazaki or Mamoru Oshii
