하이 스쿨 뮤지컬: 졸업반
1,Throughout the movie, they were uncomfortable with their own hahahable. It is a fantasy movie about the process of graduating high school students in the U.S. promising a fun school life and a bright future. The splendid musical show and Nam Joo's beauty were worth watching.
1,A movie that kids watch
5,Since it is a high teen movie, there is some obvious story and childishness, but I am sure that if I had seen this movie when I was young, I would have given a higher score than now
1,........,..죽여라.
1,It was such a boring movie
1,Thoughts on re-watching seasons 1, 2, and 3 in 10 years - The main couple, who shamelessly go on stage without any preparation and show great performance without any preparation, ignores the value of art and practice, and is childish fantasy that everyone exists and devotes themselves to shine.
5,The most fantasy movie I've ever seen in my life
4,It's my personal preference, but it's not good.
1,It's not funny, it's not touching.
1,Best rated movie for teenagers. As critics say, it's a movie that people who follow the fantasy of men over flowers will like.
1,When I was in middle school in America, I played it every year and got bored every year
1,Chicken meat. It's not touching.
1,rating adjustment
1,It's a series of cheesy things. It's just cheesy
6,I think it's not as fun as 1 or 2... I have a DVD in my house, but 3 is the most boring and boring... 1 or 2 is 10 stars!!
4,Are you kidding me? LOL This is only suitable for elementary school students with a rating of 9 points
2,Honestly, I'm sick of it
1,Shh, t-shirt.
1,I tend to watch it until the end even if it's not fun. Believe in your professional score.
6,Like the previous one, it's no different.
2,It's not as good as I thought.I don't think it's a movie with 9 points
4,A movie to watch without thinking. Positive and bright but unlikely and contrived.
4,I rarely turn it off while watching a movie.It's not my cup of tea.
6,It's just...
5,It's exciting, but I don't know why it's exciting...
2,Since I'm a high teen, I'm going to make it like a pushover. I've seen most of the high teen videos, but it's the most exciting one
4,an old-fashioned film
1,In IMDB, it's a work with a very low score. In terms of content, it's a fail
5,It's over because of Ashleigh'sdale
5,a rating of the coast
3,Is it best to dance and sing without any content?Why don't we film "Music Bank"?
6,Only Bolton is dedicated and the story is a little boring. I don't have a certain amount of push and pull
1,A fan service movie for the fans.The freshness of the first and second episodes is gone, but Ashley's beauty is still there
1,Worst in the series...Only the splendid choreography and scale have grown.I watched Ashley just for fun
6,There's not much to it
4,Honestly, the rating is too much. You have to go down to the 7,8 mark.I don't like the lesson.I don't like the casting either.
4,Don't watch it unless you're a teenager.  Childish story. Childish music. Oh, my god
1,To put it simply, it is to drop the horoscope. This was not the case in the third installment.
5,I don't know if it's fun, but touching and tears didn't meet my standards.
5,Eyes and ears are guaranteed
6,I put half the effort I put into the stage scenario.
1,Let's not play with ratings.
5,It's fun, but why is the rating so high?lol
1,..full of female teenagers. To be honest, do you think this movie is over 9 points?
5,It's a random song that doesn't match the situation, and the story isn't that great;
6,The first part is fresh, the second part is disappointing, and the third part is a bit disappointing.
2,A typical high teen series that still cringe. Ost saved it.
1,I don't like it
5,It's not funny
3,a rerun sequel It's exciting.
4,As expected, the expert's rating was accurate.But Efron is such a waste...I could meet a better girlfriend
5,There was no touching, no fun, no content, and if it wasn't for the musical Jack Efron, I would have been forced to do so.
6,How could you show me your graduation?
6,It's just that kind of movie
1,Infinite Challenge is the best
1,The freshness in the first episode... I'm getting sick of it
4,Exciting music and exciting dance moves no longer come that way in simple stories.
1,A dog movie made with feet hahaha
1,Even elementary school students in the U.S. won't watch it
1,Let's cut it a bit.
1,I enjoyed watching it. But let's cut it a bit. I recommend movies!!!
3,Wow, there are so many teenagers.Is it the power of teenagers?Even if it's not my type, musical movies have high ratings
5,Only for teenage girls LOL Voter turnout...
1,I really don't want to give you a single star -_- Do you guys watch the main character's visuals when you watch a movie?
4,That's unexpected. The rating is very good. I'm personally bored and...
1,After watching the movie for two hours, Ogra had to stretch her arms and legs for three hours.
5,It's a little childish, I think teenagers can just look at it lightly.
6,I don't understand anything higher than Mamma Mia
1,There's no purity of music shown in Sound of Music. Just dance. Shut up and dance.
1,Jack Apron is like everyone casted short guys. Jack Apron = 173
6,The rating is too high. I think it's about middle school students. Very childish
3,Teenage girl fainting with foam, rest of hands and feet cringe
5,It's cringe-worthy and obvious. So childish.A movie worth watching until your early 20s
5,The song is so explicit and I can't stand their acting^^
6,It's just something to watch
1,Are you thinking this is a movie too -_-
3,The rating is too high. It's just a common musical movie, but about six is good
5,A movie that is not worth watching except for singing and choreography. It's not an "Immortal Masterpiece" but the song is good, so 5
5,I want to go to East High School, too.
1,That's not fun.
1,not much
5,A movie that made me sleep sound while watching it on the plane
1,Honestly... I'm so disappointed
1,I was tricked by the average score. I usually get 8 points
5,A movie for elementary school students... There are a lot of people who recommended it because it is vacation.ㅉㅉ
1,I want to follow my friend to Gangnam
1,LOLHe's not funny
1,Well, it's more interesting than the first and second episodes, but it's not that...
6,Youth... it's a hot heart.
1,Once again, 6 to 7 points is perfect.
4,Just do it more. It's just a high-teen musical
6,I looked at the ratings and it wasn't fun for me -_-;
4,Why on earth is the rating so high? shivering
4,Is it because I'm old?The rating is really high...
6,The rating is really high. 77% for teens and 13% for 20s
2,No, no. This isn't right.
1,The Revised Scatter Movie -- Why Make It
6,The rating is too high
5,Just teen movie... I was bored in my 20s.
6,It's about that generation, and the song is really good
6,Children's movie
6,I don't know if the first part of the song is the best and the content is fun.There are a lot of overdoing it because it's a musical
1,This one isn't...
6,I think I know why American teen's favorite movie...
1,The part-timers are really annoying. You fool people for money? It was really boring.
1,Wow, the ratings are too high if you don't watch the 1st and 2nd episodes and don't know anything
4,It's not as fresh as the first episode, and nothing has changed. It's just boring
1,I don't like it. Rather than watching this, what is it?  I think step-ups are more fun.
1,1 and 2 are childish, but I really enjoyed watching it, but I don't think 3 is right. Ratings also don't understand why
4,What's wrong with you?
1,We had a lot of fun with 1 and 2As for Bonna, I waited too long for the third round=_= Part-timers Leave the Earth
1,Let's take out the foam. I got caught
1,Job's bubble rating
1,Let's take out the bubble
1,Oh, that's not funny
1,What?
1,It's a waste of time.
1,Rating. Does this make sense?
5,I don't think it's very interesting and touching.Musicals don't go well with me
1,It's not like I'm going to win first place
1,How can this movie get the best rating out of all the movies?
1,How can this be first place?
1,Dramas are just dramas.
1,-,.- This movie
3,Really? It was really fun? I just... I just did
4,I like most romantic comedies, but this is really boring.
3,It's not a movie that will win first place!  Don't judge based on the score
1,First place is too much~
1,This isn't right, is it?
6,I watched the high school musical because I am a big fan of it, but the graduation class is the least interesting.
5,I don't think the sound and the screen are right. Even so, I'm satisfied. Satisfied
5,A story of an elementary student
1,I watched 1 and 2
4,It was impossible to open the theater. Maybe it's okay on DVD
2,This is Korea
5,It's not as good as the first and second episodes.
1,Worst movie I've ever seen
1,The character is childish
1,If you live in a foreign country, it's too far from reality.Even though it's a movie...
1,I slept in a movie theater for the first time, as it seems to be a movie that only teenagers can enjoy.(He's a man in his late 20s)
3,Compared to the highly anticipated movie 1, less and less fun and not as grand as this day
1,The movie itself was good, but the OST was worse than the previous one.
5,This is BOLPA, BRITANIANIA. Hi is more Jota DisneyRecommended for Eunyeong and Hwa Sa
4,I can't say it's the best
1,The least interesting episode...Especially Vanessa's acting ability is, um...I have nothing to say....-_-
2,No, no, no. Benjamin Button is much more interesting.
5,a far-flung story of foreign lands I can't relate.
6,A good movie to watch when you have nothing to do
5,Honestly, I'm a fan of high school, but honestly, 3 was too much.
1,Are you kidding me?
2,If you trust your part-time job and go to the movies, and your friend's expression is not good...I'm 100% sure
1,This is also a movie. It's not a high school student, it's a movie for middle school students -_-
2,If my friend's expression is not good after going to the movies with trust in his part-time job..It's 100%.
1,The higher the school, the less-- the first part was fun and from the second part
1,The movie is getting ruined as time goes by.It's totally for the elementary school kids.The song is so childish
1,I don't know if it'll be fun for elementary school students, but this isn't it.More than half of them are singing, getting sick and tired of it.
1,Elementary students, why is this 10 points?Do you like Jack that much?
1,Disney's commercial sick movie...For 10 weeks, humans are elementary school kids who like Disney
1,It's still childish
4,It's not cool, it's not hot, it's not exciting. I personally hate this kind of movie.
1,I think the part-time job is worse than I thought. It's like a movie or a part-time job
6,I think I've improved a bit, but I think the first and second episodes were much more immersive and fun
6,Why is the score so high? I went to the movie theater after watching the first and second episodes, but I lost time
1,Really... A movie that's fun for American elementary school students to watch?
1,It's really grossly boring. The false ratings are annoying.
1,What the hell is this?
6,There were many things to see, but somehow I miss the simple first episode...
5,Hasmeu is a pa-dol, but it's not fun. It feels like I made it too much. The second part is the best
1,I didn't feel any fun
4,Compared to the first and second episodes, the first one is the best
6,I miss the B-list days of the first movie
5,In the end, the simple and clumsy development didn't change, and the song was less good than the performance
5,It wasn't that different from the first and second episodes. It was just a high-teen musical.It's boring...
6,Everything has regressed except for the spectacular stage and choreography
6,A series that's still full of life but doesn't seem to be developing
1,I miss the days of the first B-rated movie
1,This is disgusting.
5,Compared to the first and second episodes, the third one was less attractive than Jack Efron.
6,A cliche story that you can tell from the sound of something else.
6,Cool elementary school students' Star Life Low School Special Class
1,Fan service only for girls
1,This is the least interesting thing I've ever seen - what'You can't act because you're a kid
