극장판 헬로카봇 : 백악기 시대
3,Why is there a stegosaurus living in the Jurassic period when there are no feather dinosaurs? And I copied the Raptor Blue from the Jurassic World series.Personally, I don't like it for JUWOL fans
1,The kids like it, but the characters' expressions are generally clumsy.
1,shipper of Nino Louis
1,How dare you defile paleontology like this?
1,Human Sports 4 Headaches in the Tropical Wind
1,The same day as the same day. The same day as the day before.
1,The rating is too high. Actually, it's not fun. Compared to works like Pororo Dinosaur Island, the scenario itself is excellent.
6,They like it It's fun
6,I enjoyed watching it with my kid
1,Raptor, what is it? Blue design?
1,It's cruel when you transform into a robot. How could you disintegrate your body by transforming... And the Raptor is also a blue figure from Jurassic World. No, that doesn't mean you hit a dinosaur! It's a little bit violent for the kids to see. The person who marked 10 stars is Jurassic World, and I think we should see the crew.
6,A movie where you watch babies
6,I was bored. I don't think I can watch a TV series in movies.m
1,After plagiarizing Jurassic World's blue design, the final boss dinosaur becomes a masterpiece of Indominus + Godzilla Jjamppong-class Shim Hyung-rae's dragon and Dewar!
2,It's too obvious story. We need a new ending and story Even if children watch it, a new story after a tragic ending could be the development of animation.
2,Only children under five years of age, not adults.
6,I am satisfied with the contents that are good to see with my child, easy composition, and appropriate time overall
6,I don't usually watch the movie version on TV, but it's just medium
6,Thank you. The kid likes it
6,It was nice to watch it with my kidI think it would have been better if the theme song came out from the beginning^^
6,I like her. She likes it
5,Children say "I like it" but adults who watch it together are hard work. Although it is for children, it ignores even the smallest probability in the story or directing. The current state of Joseon animation that makes children feel comfortable about not knowing anything.
1,It's not fun at all
6,It wasn't as fun as Pororo
6,Cabot with dinosaurs is so cool
6,The baby was funnyYes
6,7 years old, 5 years old. Two sons. It's fun. I saw it. ^^
1,What IGOT7 fans see is 1 point ^^ 7 loyalty
6,My son likes it. Phew...
6,The story is not enough to get the response from babies like Pororo
6,Except for the boring part, the dinosaur part was long, I enjoyed it
6,As an adult, I was that person, but I miss my son againYes
6,He says it's funny
6,It's a little childish, but I saw the baby well
6,The kids love it. When the song comes out. - Excited
6,It's not a movie version. It's not a story
6,I don't like cabots, but I took my son and daughter who like dinosaurs. I was bored watching it together, but my son said it was fun
6,There's a cabot, there's a dinosaur, there's a dinosaur. It's a real expression. I enjoyed it with my kid~~~~
4,Two-job blue + Dr. Strange sling ring = tens of billions of dollars in deficit
6,My son concentrated and sat down to watch I sang all the songs and it was great^^
2,I dozed off because it wasn't funlol
6,He's 4 years old, but he's focused and he's good at it
2,an 80-minute toy commercial It's okay as long as the kid likes it's okay  No, let's stop making commercial animations that destroy childhood innocence, which have no more commercial animations. Just in case, I looked it up and found out that the Cretaceous Transformation Robot was coming out at the end of August. If you make toys first and animate them, that's the advertisement
6,I don't know if it's because dinosaurs are popular
1,What IGOT7 fans see is 1 point ^^ 7 loyalty
6,My kid is kind of scared
6,The kids were funny, but I was bored crying
2,Let's keep the theater manners. I'll learn from you.
6,It's thrilling and fun. It's not boring even for adults But I think it'll be a bit provocative for kids
4,The kids love it. They love it.
6,I was a little scared of my 5-year-old son, but I watched it until the end It's just worth watching
6,It's fun. You concentrated well even though you're a girl K
6,I like my 6-year-old daughter. My 8-year-old brother was a little bored Haha
6,It's fun. The kid likes it.
6,I watched it with my nephew, but it was too loud
2,Babies like robots because they come out, but as a mother, I feel sleepy and...The story goes out of the blue! I was disappointed because the story was so weak even though it was a movie that young children watch.
6,I was just looking forward to it. My daughter watches it well, but she doesn't enjoy itPersonally, I think Pororo was more funGoing back and forth between the past and the present would be confusing for young children
6,He likes it^^
2,I still have a long way to go
6,I think it's good for the kids to see, Rahaluda
6,The running time is longer than I thought, but the kids like it
6,He was really happy
4,I watched it with my 4-year-old daughter, and it's kind of boring
4,For using two cheat keys, Transformation Robot and Dinosaur, it's not that... Besides, six-year-olds come out crying because they're scared in the middle. What a waste of money...
6,I usually enjoy Hello Carbot. I sat down and watched it until the end, but he was bored Maybe it's because I don't like dinosaurs
6,My 6-year-old daughter enjoys watching it
6,The sound is so loud that young babies need to be careful^^
6,I enjoyed it  But you get bored easily
6,I was a little bored. I fell asleep while watching ㅠㅠ
1,I'd rather watch the children's temperature than this movie (Singing "DJ")
6,a movie that children can enjoy watching
4,The intent of the project itself is too obvious. No matter how brazen it is, it's a development. Are you ignoring the kids?
1,This is not 1 point at all. I wanted to give 100 points but I couldn't
1,It's so boring
1,You're so cute. 20393"
2,2 points is a waste...I came out in the middle He's not funny.
6,A 4-year-old girl was scared when dinosaurs and cabots fought, but she enjoyed it
2,He's focused on it, but it's annoying to see a toy full of tricks in the eyes of an adult
4,I watched "Incredible" yesterday and "Carbot" today. I fell asleep in the latter halfThat's how much less fun it is...I've never fallen asleep while watching a movie
6,I enjoyed watching it while singing along
6,Oh, the best lacquer. Oh, the best. You're the best
2,I don't buy plagiarism if it's not a hit
1,Instead of watching this movie once, I recommend watching Mission Impossible Fallout 10 times
6,I enjoyed watching my 4-year-old baby
6,I don't know who the dinosaur cabot summoner is, and maybe it's because of the running time, he wants to go out later The elementary school students who sat behind me left in the middle because it wasn't fun
2,There's no connection, there's no hole in the story, and my 7-year-old son is childish
6,Why is Blue coming out there?
4,You like kids.It's a bit long
6,The kid likes it, but the SinB part is more funYes
6,The story is a bit clumsy, but the kid enjoyed it
4,My 6-year-old son said it's fun
2,You're a movie star. Calculus 2
6,I think I'm going to watch it with my cousin, but the content was pretty good. But Velociraptor is exactly like the Raptor Blue in Jurassic World, Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom. I suspect you plagiarized.
1,The SinB's part is better. It's eating up the theater
6,You can't compare Disney Pixar 그래도 But the kids are having fun
4,There's a part where it's stretching.There was a boring part
6,It was a little long, but the kid enjoyed it a lot
2,In my opinion, it was no matter what.It's just something that kids would like...Don't look at this. If you like dinosaurs, watch Jurassic World.
6,My son is having funWe read a lot of cartoons together, but the story wasn't enough.
6,It's good to watch lightly with the kids
6,The kids are having fun
6,You two are so niceㅐㅑ
5,I expected a big adventure, but it's a ruckus - Pixar doesn't want it either. "Please pick Pororo as much as you did in your heyday
6,It's okay if the kids like it.
1,Why isn't anyone here commenting on Jurassic World Blue plagiarism; please explain that first What's the matter with you?
5,The story is so far-fetched and bad.Pororo Dinosaur Island, which is easy to understand and makes sense, was much better.Graphics and dinosaurs are great
6,The kid likes it. Dinosaurs are impressive.
4,But it's a story that's so out of context ㅠㅠ It's not like you can watch it alone, even if it's not Incredible, and you can't watch it with your parents  And after the movie, they told me to get a free gift, so I went and found out that the carbot watch sales business ㅜㅜ
2,6 year old boy. Maybe because the movie time was long, he was bored at the endㅠㅠ As an adult, I thought Pororo was more funㅠㅠ I guess I was looking forward to it because it was my first movie.
2,Was it really fun? My kid was so bored
5,Even though it's for (G)I-DLE, it's a storytelling that's too much!
6,I heard that the children were really funny, but from the standpoint of seeing them together, I was sleepy because I felt like I was lacking more than Pororo and was dragging on
6,I enjoyed it The kid was bored because it took a long time, but he said it was fun
1,A movie that the heartthrob will like. And stop eating the theater. What a waste
6,It's a little disappointing, but I'm satisfied because the kids like it.
1,Why is Blue coming out of there?
6,The kids are concentrating. They're also Hello Carbots
6,The child likes it.That's fine
1,Ha... Cabot means CARBOT, which means a car robot, what do you mean a dinosaur robot?It says Tobot V for Tobot as well, should a car robot be like this?
