바람
5,I saw it a long time ago, but he's good at expressing his high school life. Just normal
1,One jinx microcargo,
6,a light word for a bull's-eye
1,Don't make the title of the movie with words. It's windy and windy today, so this kind of sloppy movie comes out. Annoyingly, the movie is not fun. What's the fun? It's really not lying. It's not fun. It's just 10 minutes after watching it
2,Your pathetic acting is so real. Busan guy embarrassment. Boring.
1,I don't know what's funny. Does it make sense that a movie like this has a rating of 9?  5 points are enough. Honestly, it wasn't fun
1,I can't relate to anythingDid Jungwoo really apologize from the perspective of the bullies?Is it the fault of the bully, the person who made the rogue circle? Would it be the fault of the people who suffer because of them?I think he's trying to glorify the situationIf you really have an idea, I think it's better to apologize to your friends who have been affected by you
1,같은Same autobiography. Is this an autobiography?
6,I don't think I saw the wind. Please re-release it in 2021
2,Am I the only one who's not funny?Am I wrong?
1,It's a beautiful movie. It's a bully to bully and hit children in groups.
2,If it wasn't that great, there were few fighting scenes, but we grew up
1,It's in Korean, but I didn't understand the movie.I need to add subtitles.
1,Junna is not funny, but she's childish and wants to think that she's doing well, but she can't believe the mean hair of the bullies. I'm stuck in the worst movie
2,Other than Jungwoo, his poor acting, poor directing, unfashionable narration, and a plot that goes around too much with simple messages. I'm surprised that this movie has such a high rating, but I'm a sociopath.
1,I don't know what's funny
1,He's so cute
1,a movie that shows the bravado of expensive twin men
1,Stop blowing the wind. How can there be no middle ground? I can't beat the crap out of it. I'm so pissed off
5,It's a movie that's meaningful just to show who Jungwoo is
2,It's rubbish to catch the fun of movies with school violence.Maybe he didn't like it, but he tried to imitate humanism in addition to his father's disease. 99% school violence + 1% family love. Just a fun school violence movie.
1,Hwang Jung-eum's dialect is too much. Did you practice it?
2,So I understand everything you want to say. So?
6,"Grand eye patch". This is the only one left
4,We didn't fight much, but it was a forced move to touch our family from the second half.What action movie is this?
1,a film that glorifies school violence
1,It's all good, but the sound suddenly gets louder. It's annoying that I have to adjust the sound
5,The movie that my daughter plays in Busan bully's memory daughter
1,I recommended it, but it's not fun at all
5,I think the actors' acting was good, but the story is a bit disappointing. It feels like it ended in confusion.
1,It's not a waste of time. If Yeonpyeong Sea Battle is a national movie, this is a local movie. Please add zero points. This is 0 point.
5,It would have been better if I had talked about the school more, but I feel like it has become ambiguous as I put more emphasis on my father's scene in the second half.
6,Do you think you'll look like a high school student if you put your school uniform on a guy in his 30s or 40s?
1,I don't want to associate this with a masterpiece
3,I wonder if it's overrated. The episode with my family is touching, but it's obvious. Even if it's a low-budget movie, there are some actors who are awkward with acting on the shaky screen. It's like watching a human theater.I don't know about perfumes. It was just funnyDo you call this a memory? It's just a shameful embarrassment.
1,Well, it's not that fun. Hmm... It was below expectations
6,A picture of youth that comes to mind sometimes
1,I was tricked by the rating. I don't know what's funny.
6,It seems unreasonable that I suddenly went to a touching story Should I do a Korean Shin-para?
1,It's fun, but I'm sick and tired of the movie.
1,It's not funny.
1,You're a gangster movie
1,It's nothing more than a crazy movie
1,Gunnery movie. Why is this rating?
1,I understand why the brutal history of Maljuk Street, which is full of abusive language and people, is a 15-year-old audience
6,0123456789 The movie that the music was really like OO
5,It's a movie that's close to a documentary from Kim Jung-kook's school days.  It's not funny.
1,What's this supposed to be about for teenagers? a film that is nothing less than a flash of glamour This is why the Korean movie is so popular that the main character, who was a nerd, made a movie out of a gangster's background.
1,Say "no answer" instead of "jjinja wind"
1,I can't believe this kind of movie is a masterpiece. That's why I said it's a Korean movie that I trust and skip
1,I don't know the reason for the high evaluation
5,Friendship? You changed it beautifully ^^. It's Jung Cafe
1,A movie that ended in such a bad way.The victim, who doesn't even mention it in the movie, who suffers from the main character and his surroundings, has an unforgettable trauma even as an adult. A happy ending to a bull's-eye.a movie advocating for the perpetrator
1,I'm sorry, but I can't do this because people around me don't seem like students and they look like daddies in their 30s. Do you think I look like a student if I just put my school uniform on?
1,It's so obvious that it's boring...
6,I like movies that I miss my school days, and the actors' fresh acting.
5,I also spent my high school days around the same time, but I couldn't relate to them at all, so there are many people who spent their school days roughly. I think it's a movie that doesn't have a lot of factors to get good grades.
1,Middle and high school boys like this kind of movie. I know this is life. Is this a movie? It's like being a gangster or a school bully
1,The Childish Film of Busan's Bunchies
1,What are you talking about? You low-level people
4,I enjoyed the movie. I can't get rid of the feeling that it's a beautiful movie.From the perspective of a victim who has suffered school violence, I don't think it would be very pleasant.
5,The movie was good, but the cast of the castle is not a main character...5 minutes, Anna Oddman. Cawwwwwwwwwww
6,The accent was not awkward, but a little less than expected.It must be a movie worth watching
1,Youth Outsourcing Violent Films from Gangster Beauty
5,Isn't it a beautiful movie? /.
2,A film director with no sense of purpose and no message wanted to glorify his school days
4,It's fun to show the daily lives of the bullies, but does it make their lives warm when they suddenly end up warm?
1,"Korea's Self-destruct in Praise of Gangster Movies"
6,The director made his own movie by the director for the director, but he made it well.
1,How can Adam play like this when he was in high school? I can't relate to him at all because he graduated from the humanities department. Is it different because you're a local idol?
1,the preciousness of time the importance of youth a film well-informed of However, it was regrettable to beautify the rogue circle.
1,The score is too high.
4,The movie that disappointed me after watching the ratings. Goodbye my friend and this movie
5,Oh... What is it... Really...
2,What is interesting?  When promoting the movie, Hwang Jung-eum pretended to be a very important heroine;; nothing;; the content just went off the mountain and I was expecting which part of the climax was over the whole time; this movie poster or promotional video made me think about the back of the back of the head
6,It's not that funny, but it's okay considering it's an independent movie
1,1 point is a waste. Hwang Jung-eum is a waste
4,I could relate to it, but it was an episode-like movie, so I felt like it was lagging a lot. It was just an ordinary entertainment movie
2,It's not fun but it's a movie that got a lot of points for bluffing.
1,9 points. Honestly, no, um...
1,A movie where trash scolds with trash!
6,A lively drama that has returned to its former self.
1,The daily lives of the bullies who study and work hard. I can't relate to people who reminisce about their school days with these movies.
1,a forced combination of clichés
1,I want to give 11 points, not 1 point
6,It's not the money you borrowed, it's the money you ripped off. Lee Yoo Jun (+1)
1,I don't care. I'm done for less than 60 minutes
5,Even if you're a bully, if you cover it up as a child's fault, you'll only be comfortable with yourself.
1,A movie with a high rating of 8 points
1,How can this be 9 points?
6,Stories of my immature days and growing pains.
1,A flirtatious glorification film, once a flirtatious is an eternal flirt and the victim suffers from wounds for life
1,I originally came to give you 10 points, but the rating was ridiculous, so I gave you 1 point.
5,It's surprising that there are a lot of good reviews. Except for the accent and impressive sound effects, the distortion of school days marked by violence and abuse was so uncomfortable... There's nothing more to explain our school days than organized violence and extortion. I can't help but sighing. I guess you all enjoyed it.
6,It's not greedy, it's not violent, it's more realistic than other movies.I don't think it's around 9...I was bored
2,I can't relate to it except for the ending
1,0.5 point because of Hwang Jung Eum, 0.5 point because of bluffing Ga Oh
6,A movie filled with stories of the days when the bullies ran wild rather than the bitterness they felt later
2,It's a waste of time. School gangs may happily sympathize, but they are uncomfortable and unpleasant from the perspective of those who are affected. The absurd scenario that ends with Shinpa while being a loser is even more annoying.
6,Why high school days then and now? Is it a life that I have been through and others have been through? It is a work that makes me bitter!
5,Maybe because I'm a woman, I don't understand the logic of 'weak meat' just for men. It's a movie that doesn't mean anything less than a growth movie about a male student, Jungwoo.
1,You're good at acting.No, it's a waste to use the word acting, so it feels like real life, not a movie. But...Don't ask the fans. They're terrorizing 10 points Women 9.58-,-;;; So I got 1 point. It's a little childish
6,Was Jungwoo's acting this good?  The story and the action scenes you take off with words make it bland...
1,This is 9 points? Honestly, this is just a truant movie for kids I'm speechless because I only speak in dialect, I don't know what to say about the lines, and I'm a student when all the actors' faces are gone. I really don't know why this came up. I'm a Maljuk Street sublime
3,I think I know why it wasn't a hit
4,I was looking forward to digging into the actual situation of the gangster school, but it was ignored and my father suddenly had cirrhosis, and my stomach goes crazy.
1,I can't believe the ratings are so high
1,What kind of cast are all men in their mid-30s?
1,A trashy third-rate gangster movie.
1,It's a disappointing movieA squirrel. (It's hard to fill 10 letters. There's nothing to write.)
1,A movie that shows Busan kids pre-schooling in the army
1,I thought it'd be fun because the ratings were good.There's a reason why trash movies didn't hit the box office! Why did you do narration?- Narrations can't do any movies.There are no funny scenes A movie that's half and half of a similar kind of Sunny' If you want to trust the score, don't look at it!
3,I've been looking forward to it, but I'm sick of it crying
1,Isn't it kind of weird to call it a movie? The rating is too high.Is it because the rising actor is the main character?It's not an autobiographical movie, but I want to devalue it as a "high school student diary" of regret.
4,Ddongtong High School. About the wannabe gangsters. The composition of the movie is easy.
6,Why is it so well received? It's just a high school hit movie, and at the end, it's just a forced move. Rate and respond. I was disappointed when the main characters came out
1,I saw it on the screen. Why is this movie in the 9th grade?
5,It's fun, but the rating is too high.It's not in the 9-point range.They filmed a movie wearing school uniforms.The last message is fine, but the movie should never be seen by immature teenagers!I'm going to follow you without thinking
1,S.B. beautifying a bully...ㅉㅉ
1,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high, so I think I need to cut it a little bit, and the early and mid-eight is good
1,The actors' acting and directing are good, but it's not 9 points. I watched it because the ratings were so good, but it's not like a youth enlightenment movie, and honestly, the content seems a bit childish.
1,It's not fun
5,You miraculously save the movie that 1994 ruined
1,No Jae-am...
1,I don't want to watch a garbage movie again
1,What do you make if you don't come out as a gangster in a Joseon movie?
5,There is nothing special except for the fun of reading old memories
1,Why isn't there a zero point? It's a waste of one point
1,I looked at the ratings and I don't know why it's high...I don't know if people in certain regions gave me a high price.
2,It says action in the genre
6,It's fun and sad I think it's a growth movie that teenagers must watch.
6,How many thousands of part-timers do you have? How can it be over 9 points?I can relate to it a little bit, but it's not a movie that's more than 9 points.
4,Effect music stops you from talking, so you have to understand the shape of your mouth, and I think you need to put subtitles to understand what you mean.It's a bunch of crazy school gangs.What do you want to say?
1,What is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this, what is this?
1,I can relate to him because he graduated from a business high school in business.Somehow.
1,A film that glorifies gangsters. Let's not let this kind of movie come out anymore.
1,What is it?
3,It's just a high school bully movie that lives in Busan.
3,It wasn't that much fun because I was freaking out at school... I feel restless
1,Do you really think it's over 9 points?
1,a high rating trick a school documentary
1,It's fun and it's good to reminisce about those days, but the rating is too high
1,I don't like it
3,A movie that showed trashiness well, but I don't want to show it, a movie that looks as if it's a hit with a bread shuttle, and a movie that looks natural to me. So it's a movie that's not beneficial
1,This is why school violence is rampant...;;;
6,I guess all the movies with 10 points are dead.
6,It's about 6 points It's boring and I don't think it's fun
5,Let's not forget that the wind is always blowing
1,There are a lot of bugs and trash in NAVER movie
1,Why is the rating so high? It was a movie that made me realize the importance of time after watching the movie with a happy ending and the boredom of the second half of the movie
1,The movie is interesting. But I don't think this is right.
6,I reflected on myself while watching the movie Be nice to your parents
6,I couldn't concentrate because I played the student with the faces of the middle-aged men.
3,It reminds me of the past, but it's not fun
1,I took the time to watch it because it was a true story of the main character Jungwoo.  The last line, "No one of my friends has been a gangster." There are students who commit suicide by school violence these days, and it was ridiculous to see the protagonist unite as just a memory of his childhood rather than feeling sorry and guilty.
1,The rating manipulation is too bad.T
1,No, I know it's a fun movie, but why is it 9 points...; Think of all the other nine-point movies. 1 point! But I want to give 8 points Hehe
5,Everything is really similar to my school days, but the movie is not good.
2,School violence, Busan dialect, boys' high school stories...As a woman, I wasn't funny at all and couldn't relate
6,It's just...It's kind of fun
5,It's just a romantic way of showing the losers...
1,a low-quality movie
2,A movie that doesn't have to make such a fuss.
1,It's really childish jjamppong. High school students follow this kind of movie.
6,Exactly six points!
1,I wish the main character was not Hwang Jung-eum. That's the tongue twister.
1,Don't watch anyone who is above the intellectual level of middle school students;;; sigh;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; This is also a movie;;;;;;;;
1,It's not that
1,a glorified gangster movie that bullies ordinary students
5,I tried to contain too much.
2,It's just...It's not fun at all right
1,Childish. Casting is ridiculous. A high school student in his 40s with a bald head?
6,Where in the world is the emotion... ㄴIt's fun. I've been saving it for a while, and there's nothing much.
1,그 고등학생처럼 사는 살해당한 남자를 봤어요
4,The obvious high school troublemaker story.
1,Is it another violent movie at the academy? I'm sick and tired of it.
1,All OOs are talking about their high school days. Things like breadshuttle Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
6,The rating is too high; it was just worth watching
3,To be honest, the story of Crayon Shin-chan is very touching, but the movie itself is not fun.
1,All the above ratings are part-time jobs
1,Is this the current screenplay? ㅊㅊ
1,It's not good
6,It's worth seeing.
1,Alba Committee on Normalization of Low-Level Points
1,What kind of reins are they? It's a movie.
6,The movie has the power to attract people. I didn't really want to go back to my school days. Watching a movie... Should I call this a memory?
6,It's a movie where you laugh excitedly and then cry
1,Honestly, where should I find it fun? The last scene? That's absurd.
1,an interesting film That's it. The last part is touching, and the rest is... The rating is too high
1,If it's a movie about school violence, shouldn't it end with a topic about school violence?
1,This movie isn't very interesting, but it's 9 points.
1,In elementary and middle school, violence was induced, and in the last 20 minutes, it was touching.You've made good use of human psychology
6,Does it make sense to have such a high GPA? What?
1,Eradicate school violence! Where do you think the cost of maintaining the circle would come from? When I watched a movie, I got 7 points
1,I write things like this in my diary and I'm satisfied with myself in a movie...It's in the 9th grade. Oh, my.
1,What movie is this? It's about an actor's life as a nerd
4,The rating is too high. NAVER's rating is a mess. Just a gangster movie
1,I'm going to give you a star!
5,The Adventures of the Foolers
4,Inconsistent, the story with the father is too radical, and after all, the core of the film is violence.
5,Nonsense and unrealistic
6,The worst acting, the worst casting, the best cartoonist ever.On top of that, the height of exaggeration
1,I didn't seem to have anything to do, but I'm pathetic to see this.
1,Isn't this a fishing movie like Clementine? Why is the rating so high? It's such a trash movie
1,I understand, but I feel like I've been swindled by someone with such a high rating...
6,A violent movie with no fighting scenes. The story of high school life from the perspective of a nerd.
1,Self-painting of a successful arch...
3,I laughed like crazy at first JUNGWOO's acting is good, and the best story is really fun
6,What the hell are you trying to tell me?And if I can get into college after studying for a year
5,There's no fighting scene I expected.The theme is vague as if the story of the fist in the school is not the love of the family
1,It's okay
1,Why is it 9 points?
1,I guess the ratings are high and the levels are low
6,I don't like the way high schoolers play. But the second half was good
1,I think the rating is too high. It feels like I'm tricked
1,It's a movie that I turned off because I got upset while watching it!  Why is the rating so high?
1,How dare you try to go beyond Clementine?We need to investigate the ID theft
6,Look at this
1,Honestly, it's worth watching, but the rating is too exaggerated. ;
1,Why is the rating like this?
1,I'm speechless. I totally glorified my school life as a bully.
1,I really envy Imdb at times like this.Oh, my.
1,A story that's not realistic at all. A story that's realistic.Acting, casting, story, all the worst
1,This crazy rating... You have to lower it
3,There are crazy movies like this.
1,96,000 people in theaters nationwide, a representative movie that Busan part-timers manipulate ratings!  Please refer to my review!
6,It's just worth watching
1,It's just a comedy, no action. It's just something to watch...
6,It was funny because the main character was a loser.
3,I can't believe how such a movie goes beyond the nine-point mark.
5,I don't know because I live in Seoul, but I guess Busan was like that in the 90s. Well ...
1,People who like this movie show themselves that they are low-class.  One point is a waste.
1,No matter how well you wrap it...A movie that glorifies a bully after all.
1,Busan Netizens who cheer for these low-quality movies are embarrassed like movie lines'
5,Why is the rating so high? It's weird...It's so boring...But the smoke is opening up.
6,Maybe because I'm a woman, I felt less empathy and bored. I think a lot of guys agree~~
1,ㅠ.ㅠ I was sad at the end.
5,I don't feel the same way because I go to school in a good neighborhood
6,It's just funny, but I don't know what the story is about --;ㅡㅡ;
1,Did you use your part-time job?Or is this the only level of audience in Korea?That's too bad
2,Oh, my God, you were tricked by the rating.ㅜ.ㅜ NAVER rating, why...ㅠ.ㅠ
1,Raising Korean movie ratings?The people of Gyeongnam agree?I don't understand why it's rated higher than many masterpieces
1,There's no content. Living like a gangster at a school and graduating? I don't know if you're talking about.
1,Why isn't there a story about the 8th school district?
1,I got a grade point. Young friends in Busan like it, but this is...
3,Not a trick with such a high rating. I was bored the whole time. The lingering emotions at the end
6,Busan. High school diary.
1,The extreme of unbalanced sloppyness... I'm sighing at the movie and I can't believe the rating ㅠㅠㅠ
1,It's just a gangster movie. It's an incendiary movie of middle and high school
1,A movie that I don't remember much.
5,It was below my expectations. When something is about to come out, the action or the simplified content...
1,It's a bit of foam
1,It's not exactly what I'm trying to say. There's nothing to see. It's not fun Bubble, no
1,What was I trying to say?
4,...I'll just do it's just
6,It was so much fun to relate to the story and the facial expressions
5,To be honest, it is not a movie with a rating of 9.3...The bubble is too much.
1,The rating is amazing
5,Why is this movie rated so high? LOL I was completely fooled
6,a movie of one's own interest
1,Hwang Jung-eum is a minor role, but why is her name going up? She can't act at all at acting
1,The rating is too high. It's a violent movie at the academy, but there aren't many fighting scenes...
1,It was okay, but I wanted to give you 8 points because the clumsy part looked like a mani. 9.3 is too high
6,I focused on the facts, but I don't think I have excellent directing skills
1,I'm sure the gangsters will like it
1,If you look at NAVER ratings, there are so many Korean movies that are overrated. Are you a part-timer or what?
1,I enjoyed watching it, but it's not a movie that can be rated 9.3 days
1,I don't really...
1,This is ridiculous. You made this into a movie.Oh my god
1,Are you kidding me?
5,It wasn't fun. There's no action. It does come out, but elementary school fights...
4,A movie that's similar...
6,Jungwoo's tears. Great acting.
1,I've never seen such a sleepy movie. Acting like Hwang Jung-eum! You stole my precious 120 minutes!
5,Honestly, the rating was high! Just half
1,I'm just trying to look cool.a movie that ends
3,The movie ended after just trying to look cool.It's a disaster if you expect Crowds Zero 2.
1,Damn NAVER, you're such a beggar to sell this video for money, you freak
1,I was looking forward to it because the rating was high, but I got 7 points. The movie rating was too high, so I had to get off the dam
1,The rating was so high that I watched it and it's a third-rate movie. -,- It's a waste of 1 point.
5,Just that kind of movie
3,Diaries are sometimes more beautiful when reflecting on themselves.
5,Why is it so popular? ;;;;
1,an excessive rating
1,I trusted the rating Disappointed, this is a gangster movie of high school life, nothing more
1,Out of the blue with a bully story
5,Well made
1,I've been living there for 36 years.Was there a school like this in Busan?
1,Rubbish movie, bully movie is really not fun...Oh, my
6,plainness and mediocrity
2,I don't think it's a movie with a rating of 9... It's just a normal story. It's not enough
6,The lines are very realistic, but if the last part was a bit vague, you're expressing it realistically, right?
1,a shoddy constructionIt's a monologue. Bad acting.
6,Korea's youth... It doesn't look cool, but I can relate.
1,It's not a nine-point movie;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
1,It's not touching, it's not touching, it's not fun, it's just boredom
6,It was touching, but I didn't want to force myself to laugh.
1,I see all kinds of funny movies in my life.
1,It's a third-rate movie that glorifies gangsters
1,Phew
1,It was true that I had a part-time job. I never...
6,It's a good movie to kill time, but that's all.
5,That was good. My score was 8 points. The NAVER score is too high
1,I'm sorry. I'm so childish and sleepy.
1,It's a movie that would be fun to watch in middle and high school. Not more than that
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,A simple academy action movie that is a zero-artistic movie that will appeal to teenagers
4,Youth enlightenment movie that study hard, play well, be good to your parents and live a good life
1,If it was okay... It wasn't 9 points, but 7 to 8 points.
5,Honestly, the rating is too high. It's not very interesting. Just a killing time. Killing time
1,9.28Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Content... Disappointed when you look forward to it...
1,This is just trash. I'll give you 1 point to reduce the number of people who will regret it after reading it's just like me
1,It's worth watching, but compared to the rating, it's really a scam!
6,Hm... It's unfair if you haven't played that much. It reminds me of the old days
6,It feels like I saw a fun academy cartoon. It's a good one.
6,It's not funny, it's just a movie I don't want to comment on, it's cold somewhere in my heart
1,I heard it's not fun
1,It's too high
1,I enjoyed it. But 9.3 is too much
1,I don't understand anyone who thinks it's funny.
1,I wanted to give 8 stars because it was Korean, but I gave half of them to the score I didn't understand
6,It makes you reminisce, but it's not as good as the score.
1,Stop it...j) I'm not going to do it
6,Reality shows are the best...There's no dramatic element.I'm getting relaxed.
2,That movie was not fun. I watched "Inception" and it was a waste of time.
1,It's hard to get into character due to music director or directing problems.It's not like a Korean traditional music video.
5,Compared to the lines, the sound of Korean traditional music was so loud that it bothered me. A movie that's half the fun because of the sound director
6,No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
1,Why is a third-rate movie rated so high? Even if I'm the director, Lee Jung-
1,Well, it's my taste.
3,It's childish
6,I can't relate to the story of my school days, whether it's because of the humanities or the generation gap
6,a heart-to-heart story
5,It's like watching TV Documentary Human Theater.
1,a movie that annoys me all the time
5,Only dialect is friendly and there is no touching or lesson.
1,It's a waste of time.
6,I don't know if it's that funny, but the other kids are crazy funny
1,Does it make sense that this movie is higher than Clementine?
1,It's just a kind of movie. Why is the rating so...ㅜㅜ
5,It was better than I expected. I'm a little tired in the back.
6,This isn't a nine-point movie. But it's pretty fun
1,It was okay. But honestly, it's not a 9 point movie, so I'll give you 1 point
1,I don't understand why the rating is 9 when you squeeze your clumsy impression out of a dry towel
1,I can't relate to the story at all. I'm not from Gyeongsang Province. He's so pretentious
1,Nine points... No way.If we're together, we should fight.Why are you turning there?a film with no content
1,All the part-timers are here. A huge fabrication incident in Naver's rating history
6,It was fun in the beginning, but the immersion level in the second half was not that great
1,What's the reason this movie has a rating of more than 9?
1,What the hell is this movie about?
1,You're a movie about a bunch of bullies coming out there
1,a third-rate gangster film
6,I'm sorry. I don't understand the movie. I guess my level is up to here crying
1,Honestly, I could relate to some parts, but I think it's forced This rating is too high
1,Whoo!
1,I was tricked by the rating.Exactly 7 movies...There are many movies like this!
1,It was worth seeing, but...No matter how much I look at it, the rating seems too much
1,Typical movie of a gang leader. It was funny because it was so true.
1,Personally, I don't really...
1,scoundrels
4,Because she's a woman... All I felt while watching was, "Is everyone else like that?"Really?
1,What on earth would students learn if they watched this?
6,Memories of a bully
1,You're born in Busan in 1980 and you're playing with movies
1,What? It's not fun
1,I can't believe this drama is in the top 20! Amazing! 7 points is just right
1,Are you kidding? You're friends with growth movies. ONCE-uponce...A movie that can't even keep up with the soles of your feet
1,It's a movie that middle and high school students would like LOL
1,I think middle and high school students gave me a lot of ratings.It's a drama-like movie.
6,A heart that's too bloated to digest the emotions of course
1,What's so funny about this?Are you kidding? All movies like "Memories of Murder" are boring, but the ratings
1,What? I was wondering if all the boys' high schools were like that.I feel sorry for you
1,I wonder if everyone spent their school days like that... Why do you all agree?7 points. Go
1,I saw it pretty well, but I think the rating is too high, so I give it the lowest. Normally, it's like 7 stars?
1,This is fun? LOL I can't believe it
5,Except for my dad's work, Hwang Jung-eum and Choco-me. - Mm-hmm
1,The story unfolds. The last awkwardness of the boring first-person perspective. This is 9 points?
1,The rating is too high;; the story or visual beauty is not good compared to the movie friend;;7 points is appropriate
1,Trash... It's not fun.Awkward touching, small voice.On the other hand, an unbecoming sound effect
1,I don't know why they give me 10 points for this crap movie. It's not fun at all
1,Is it part-time job for those who give 10 points? The worst trash movie in my life
1,I don't like it.
1,I'll regret watching the movie
3,Well ..
1,The rating is too much
2,I was tricked by a part-time job and downloaded it for 3,500 won. It's awesome. If you raise the rating like this
2,I don't know
1,7 points is the right time
1,The reason why I give 1 point is the same as the reason why people give 10 points without thinking. [7.5 points]
1,He's so calm. I saw him.Totally disappointed. Really boring.What's wrong with the story?It doesn't fit me
5,It was worth watching, but not enough to get a rating of Forrest Gump, dead poetical society, but five points
6,Why is the rating so high? It's much better than a dung fly
1,Oh, it's a waste of 130 won. It's the worst garbage ever. Did you make the sound with your toes?  I'm throwing up
3,The director wanted me to feel something, but I didn't...
1,I don't like it
1,It's not fun for a woman to see.I think it'll be fun for men to feel nostalgic.
4,I saw it because it was fun, but I don't know
5,I'm giving you a good rating. No way.
3,It didn't feel funny in the beginning. I didn't see it. Would it have been fun if I watched it until the end?
1,(Sounds like
1,Why do you give me 10 points?
1,It's too much for this movie to get a rating of 9 or higher.If you see it in person, you will log in like me and give me 1 point
3,Oh, my.
1,The movie that encourages the kids to fight. The kids who watch this get beaten or beaten at school
4,People are so funny I watched it because I thought it was fun, but it was far from the movie
1,Why is this so touching?
1,I don't like it either. The story is boring.I can't say it's touching.
1,The level of Korean people is really low. How is this rated at 9.28?
1,It's too obvious
4,It's so realistic that I think I have a high rating
4,vanish with the wind It's like a parody. Not really
4,3 stars because of the music. I really wanted to turn it off if I could turn it off. It's so loud.
1,I think the rating is a bit high
1,Spare, too. Director Lee SEONG SEONG's movie is the best at manipulating NAVER ratings
6,I look back on the memories
1,It's not that
1,You can't beat Clementine.
1,You can't beat Clementine.
4,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,Let's lower the rating. This isn't right
6,I want you to show the students and make them study.
1,It was worth watching, but let's get rid of the bubble.
1,I thought it was an action movie ㅠㅠ 7 points below expectations are too high
1,a trash movie
1,What a waste of time. There are too many part-timers
1,What is this garbage?
2,I was looking forward to it, but this isn't it. 3 points are appropriate
1,I don't think this is right. I think 7 points is enough
3,It's boring and childish
6,I'm disappointed if you want a movie like a friend
6,You can't do that
1,The story of this movie is a total disaster. There's only one reason why my grades are high. I think it's just a fact that I'
1,I think the rating is too high
1,That's an unacceptable rating.7 points is appropriate
2,I miss going to Hanyang Technical High School at night. Eight points.
1,If you hurt them, you should at least reflect on yourself. But it just slipped away.
1,I thought you were watching a fantasy movie
1,It's a bit of a downer
1,Fun and touching...
1,Why isn't it a hit?
1,It was worth seeing. I think the six-point range is good. Foreign high teen movies are much more fun.
1,It's fun, but not this much
1,It's not 9 points. Five points are appropriate.
1,Is this a masterpiece?
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
1,Why is the rating so high?I don't like it
4,It is a pity that the story is not flexible.
4,Well, then...
1,The expert ratings below are correct....Five points
1,Is it a rating game?
1,It's too high... It's fun, but...
1,It's not enough to be a masterpiece.
4,What kind of high school student is this? A gangster... And a blatant forced emotion... It wasn't good
1,It's too high
1,It's interesting, but it's not a movie that's stuck among the masterpieces.
1,I was fooled... Honestly, more than 9 points is too much!5 or 6 points is enough
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
2,It's a movie that makes my friend and father jjamppong
5,It's like a five-star movie
6,I'll make you laugh, and then I'll cry. In Korean movies alone, this is more than...
1,Did I look forward to it too much? There's no point. It's a true story, so I'll give you a score
1,The rating is 9.25, so I saw something. Just a feeling that it's a common movie
1,The movie "Wind" sounds like a real bummer
6,It's a reality show movie of old high school students.
1,I've seen it before, but how can it be in the 9th grade?It's not a movie that can stand up to Hollywood blockbusters
1,It's just a story of bad guys.
1,If you're an intellectual, don't pay attention to this garbage that glorifies violence
1,Number one
1,High school students may like it, but they don't like it
3,Don't flatter me that it's our movie. A movie that goes way off the mark.
6,A stormy wind, a trail of memories...Director Lee Seonghan...There's something I'm attracted to
1,A movie where a bunch of good students bleed to grow up a gangster, memories of their school days?
1,How can it have such a high score? Are you kidding me?
1,Acting is worth watching, but it's so obvious and cliche. A movie that middle and high school students would think is fun to watch
1,That's 9 points. That's too much
4,It makes me angry and angry with excessive background music.
5,It's just
1,What the hell is this ridiculous rating... Did you really watch the movie?
1,I downloaded it and watched it, but it's a waste of time. I don't even know what it means
1,Are you filming a short drama? Why would a father who wasn't so important die?
6,Are they all part-timers? -_- 아무리 Even if it's a home movie, wasn't it too clumsy?
1,As expected, Naver middle and high school students gave all the ratings.The rating is too high, so I give you 1 point.
1,I can't believe this kind of trash is in the 9-point range. The top of the rambling movie is nothing left
1,This movie has a rating of 9.2. It's not a movie. It's not a movie. It's a movie with a rating of 5.0 b. It's
1,I'm tired of NAVER's part-time job evaluation. Let me cut it
6,Just the right rating...
1,Compared to my friend, it's not worth 10 points.
1,They say it's not 10 points. I agree. It's worth watching a movie. What's wrong with you?
1,That doesn't mean 10 points.
1,It is better than other movies in Korea these days, but it is not as good as the real movies
6,It's fun. It reminds me of my high school days.
1,Abused background music and awkward production. Very, very awkward movie
1,It's better than any other gangster movie.
3,It's worth watching
1,It's fun...
5,It's worth sympathizing with people these days.
1,What is this? Is this a movie?
1,What is this?
6,If it's a killer time guy, it's worth watching
1,Don't be fooled. This kind of movie also solve the rating part time job.
6,Copying a friend? The rating is too high. It's distracting
1,My part-timers are awesome
1,This makes school violence worse.
1,You watched it because I heard Hwang Jung-eum was coming out. I was completely fooled. I'm kiddingTwo scenes are for gatherings?If it's Juyeon.
1,In this way, the story of the bullies is glorified into a movie, so school violence doesn't decrease
1,I'm sick and tired of complaining
1,It's individual difference, but I think it's not good
1,But why is the rating going up so fast? Are you a part-timer?Did your classmate make a cafe?
1,I'm a nerd, so I can't relate at all
1,I don't know what's funny. The part-timers are very determined. I don't know the message I'm trying to say
6,I think it's hard to make it like this I'm a... a growth scoundrel
1,The movie quality is not good, but the same classmate participates in the movie, so it's going upshivering
1,The rating is too high
1,The story is weak... It's not funny if it's not funny. I don't think the action is that...
1,I'll make a kida like you and give you points It's crazy. I know how to click it
1,I don't understand. It's so obvious that you're part-timers
1,Even if you are a part-timer or a graduate of this school, it is too much. After watching this movie,
6,Your acting was good, but... The story is too common
1,What a long way to go.Is it just my past school days?
6,It's just plain
1,I have a rating part-time job. Is this a movie? Is this the right score for common sense?
1,This is a folk game, a comedy. You don't make any ssam-like ssam! Only good street music is coming out
1,It's fun, but the movie's rating is from the second half of seven to the beginning of eight.
2,The inappropriate BGM bothered me a lot
6,There's a lot of bubble. A sudden last-minute paternal love flow in the academy, just for killing time
6,High school colored glasses were popular in the '90s, and a boy wore red glasses in this movie
1,I'm speechless...It's a waste of time
2,I personally didn't like it
4,It was like a fight.Far from being a great fight scene--it was so roughly that I couldn't remember
4,The taste of the bottle is amazing
5,I feel like I'm peeking at the open diary that I want others to read.
6,Family in Growth Pains.
5,Crayon Shin-chan's glorification of a bully is interesting.
6,I was wondering if the men in their mid to late 30s had 5 points, but the actual person around them appeared?
1,Isn't the rating too high?
6,It's so ordinary and universal that it's more touching.I want to go back to that time, too
6,It's a line from a movie, but it was like watching the animal world.
1,The rating is too high!
3,How can this movie have such a high rating. It's worth 3 points
1,I got this OO rating.
1,It's the worst;
2,Just make a movie that the kids like
6,The spirit of the new director, who has strong personality and wit, but the overall image of the new director is
1,Korean film about Kejiru
1,It is not a movie that I really look forward to watching
6,I was looking forward to it.I just keep talking about school. Why are you talking about your father?
2,As I am making this kind of movie, I am unemployed.ㅉI'm sick of school violence
6,I envy you for your immature mental state of mind
6,Although the geographical features are ordinary and realistic.It brings back memories of my school days.Back to that time
1,It's been 10 years since I've riffled. Now you're cheating on your GPA
5,It's a movie where I got to know an actor named Jungwoo. I can't wait to see him
2,There's nothing to see except for Jungwoo's acting As the latter part goes on, "Yong-du-sa-mi"... The preview is more fun
1,What do you mean, empathy? Students have a lot of problems these days.
4,Your rating is too high. Significantly lacking impact. It's like falling into a tearful voice at the end
1,A gangster, a gangster... Korean movies will live only when this crap is eradicated
1,What kind of movie is this?
1,What's the rating? I was tricked
1,The main characters are playing around, but they're real fashion
1,Heheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh
1,I was fooled by the rating. What the hell is this?
1,I can only sigh...
3,Phew~
6,Expecting a second dung fly but just a flowing development.
2,How can the ratings be so high?
1,It was so boring that I turned it off... Trash
6,It's just
1,It's just a part-time job. It's a movie made in the 50s
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before. I've been tricked
5,It's not boring, but I don't think it's a rated movie. It feels like the movie is separated.
1,I wanted to come out in the middle I think the part-timers fooled me
1,To be honest, I'm a student of our school, so it's not good.I'm sorry
1,10 points part-time job/ 1 point. Who actually saw it?A movie that failed even after writing a part-time job
1,What a load of rubbish
1,How is this... ...a movie... ...a movie?
1,Wow, I don't give you a rating, but you make me log in Hahaha
1,Of course, it's not a one-point shot. I think I've been tricked by a high.ㅠ_ㅠ I need to get my GPA down
3,I watched a late night movie, and I was fooled by the score, and the sound of Korean traditional music was annoying. The storyline is not that good either
5,It was worth watching until the middle, but after the middle, it's very boring...
1,I won't trust NAVER's rating anymore -_-;
1,I didn't like it at all right?  Too much rating foam.
6,Should I say it's the light version
1,I don't want to waste half a star
1,This star is a waste
1,Go home and get some fresh air
5,The tension runs parallel and repeated directing techniques (time changes in one scene) add to the boredom
1,It was okay, but... what's the score for this ridiculous nine? I think an 8 would be good
1,The rating bubble...Personally, 7.5 is appropriate, as if it were the actors or their families
6,It's perfect for taking time off
1,It's just a movie about the daily life of a high school student who wants to look cool, but only actor Jung Woo knew I'm no
1,It's not fun at all.
6,Maybe it's because I'm a girl, but...;;;; My boyfriend likes it because he can relate^^;
1,What is this movie about? It's really pathetic.
6,Just that kind of movie!
1,It's no fun
1,It's not a one-point movie, but the writing and rating below are like part-time jobs, so you have to cut it to one point.
1,It wasn't good
1,Am I the only one disappointed?Hwang Jung-eum... Oh...
1,Wow, that's not fun. Why are you following your friend?
4,Is it correct to write down the movie rating?  I'm really a movie maniac. This is a bit
1,What's this? What's with the movie?
2,A movie that's below the average...
1,There is no movie that can't impress my father, and there is no movie that can't emphasize the school violence
3,Your father's love comes out of nowhere while you're making a wrap That's a wonderful twist.
1,The part-timers who give 10 points...Honestly, the worst... The story is so sloppy...
1,I'm sick of it. Is it not time to stop making third-rate friends in Busan?
6,Jungwoo looked so pretty. But it didn't seem to be enough for the audience.
1,Don't be ridiculous, it's not a part-time job, it's people involved in this movie and his family and relatives
6,It's just a normal story, but it's okay if you don't look forward to it
5,I saw it at the premiere... Well, honestly, it's just... Korean traditional music really doesn't suit me.ㅠㅠ
1,Where would you bring a trash movie and give me 10 points each and watch a real movie?-_-
1,The part-timers are always active at the beginning of the movie. The rating is excellent.
1,Those who give 10 points are really part-timers... It's hard...
1,Are they all part-timers? This is not touching, no action, it's really trash. What a waste of money
5,Kyungnam High School...LOL Isn't this too obvious?
1,It's just like that.
1,Ah... Just kidding...
1,Can you please stop making gangster movies? ㅠ.ㅠ
5,Honestly, it's not an action...But I don't understand why Hwang Jung-eum came out...
1,Don't make this kind of movie. What a waste of the screen.
4,I went to the preview today There's no action. It's boring The forced emotion at the end...
1,A movie that glorifies gangsters, gangsters, and gangsters, please...
1,I'll know when I open the lid.
