갓파 쿠와 여름방학을
2,Hey! Is this a movie? You use Choi Hyunseung's main character?
1,Are you out of your mind watching the whole thing? I was watching it with preschoolers, and they were shocked and said it was scary. I'm really angry. Do you decide the age of watching it by just looking at the title?
2,I don't know if it's a fantasy movie, but in the beginning, when Godpa's father dies, elementary school students bullying him, and when his family fails to protect Godpa, his family dog is hit by a car.Especially in the bullying scene, many boys ask me if I have menstruation while bullying a girl, they say that I see underwear, and it's funny that I put these scenes in and wrap them up as healing ㅜㅜ (Is it because it's an old movie?) I just want to tell you that human self-interest is scaryI think I wanted to show some mythical parts about Godpa... ^^ It's the worst cartoon for kids these days... ^^ Just look at Ghibli... ^^
2,A family who cares about the TV without thinking about Gappa, and their dog is dead, they are sad for a while and they are looking for Gappa; and people are busy taking pictures of the dog.destruction of sentimentality
6,Some movies you can't hate. It's not a great movie.
1,This is the only story I can make... I wanted to squeeze it for you
1,It's so unrealistic. It was the worst animation I've seen recently.
2,Not really, it's corny
6,It's a total audience, but my daughter's arm is cut off, and she's bleeding
1,Why is the rating so high? I think it's a healing movie just by looking at the cover and title
1,redytrythythjg
5,I turned it off after 30 minutes. It's calm, small, and cute. But I turned it off while watching it because it was too long and I didn't have much time in my mind. I'll continue to watch it when I have some free time. However, it should not be forgotten that the Japanese will invade Korea again someday.
1,an aesthetics that is neither lacking nor excessive
1,It was so cruel and boring that I came out in the middle
1,I think one point is appropriate because I don't want to look scared at the streets of Eup, Eup, Eup, and Eup like OO. I expressed it well when people take pictures of their babies when they get into an accident. Why are you telling me you're sending the bad guys and the daddies somewhere else? I don't have any thoughts. I don't know what to do with a tracker
5,If it's an animation, I like it all and I can watch it, but honestly, I feel that I'm less immersed in solving the story as I go back. I was a little bit bored. A little touched, a little cultural novelty, a little boredom
1,It's so boring...
4,It was worth watching with a smile with a child, but there is no depth and experience like Hayao. The level of children's stories and Shinpa might be a bit disappointing for adults
6,It wasn't that fun.
1,peculiar to Japanese films I was annoyed when I saw the emotional arm.Except for Sen, I don't like theater movies
1,What kind of anime is this not artistic?It would be perfect if it was in the early eights.
6,It was beautiful but boring
6,It's kind of boring. Ten letters. Ten letters
1,Something that doesn't fit me. It's hard to get immersed in
1,a movie that was taken in by a typical rating
5,Well, it wasn't very touching or funny. I watched it with four family members, and the kids... It's a little boring, too.
6,It's nice to watch with adults and children. But I don't want to see it again.
5,Well, the movie was a little boring and fun, but it wasn't that...I don't want to watch it again. I just happened to see it, and it's kind of a waste of time.It's fun and... It's ambiguous
4,I wasn't that... I wasn't that touched and I didn't like the male lead. NAVER can give me 9 points if it's a touching movie
1,The message is nice and touching, but honestly, it's very boring.; I don't understand why you've been dragging on so much when you don't seem to have anything to say. The overall slow-moving movie seems to be more boring because it's distracting to the storyline, but it's not a nine-point movie
1,Eat poo, Sung Kyu
6,Why did I watch this? A poor story that felt like a waste of time, and of course, it was good to know about Japanese goblins with different materials, but there is nothing else to praise. I don't want to watch it again and I don't want to recommend it.
1,It's not as interesting as the rating.
6,If you talk too long, you'll get bored.
1,OO GPA. You're so bad. You're so boring. Have you ever played Odukbab?
5,I just didn't have a clear purpose, no problems, no sense of immersion.Am I weird?
1,Ratings. It's touching, but overall boring
6,Animated film
1,Please, it wasn't fun. Don't make things like this
5,I was expecting a special impression. It's just... it's normal.
5,Um... I like animation movies from the beginning, so I watch all the latest movies, but I just watched it because it came out, and the rating was so close, but I don't recommend Japanese movies like Datinam Multilateral Imku pantsIt's perverted and there are parts where blood is coming out
6,a cliché of Japanese material
5,Why did I doze off? Am I weird? crying
1,I watched it in the theater with anticipation, but it was never a nine-point movie.
5,If you look at Japanese animation, there are a lot of things related to Kappaku, so I watched it because I was curious. The story was a little boring because the running time was longer than I thought. It was a bit embarrassing to go on air out of the blue, and it would have been more fun if it weren't for the modern background.
6,Why is the rating so high? It's not so sad, and the story seems to be dragging its feet to fill the time; the Korean people seem to be hard on the movie and too lenient on Annie
4,To be honest, I think it's for under 13 years old. It's a little childish and boring. When I saw the title, I thought it was a fun trip with Godpa during summer vacation, but this is... It just seems to teach us a lesson in protecting nature
6,I cried because it was really fun and touching. It was so cruel that I was a little scared, and I don't think I'd see any children in that regard
5,Childhood sentiments must be dry.Only Godpa's exposure is annoying
5,I'm pretty sensitive.Did I expect too much? I don't know what everyone cried about.
3,Why do I only have one item?
5,It's worth watching, but it's been a while
1,There's a sad side to it, but...It's too long...And what's wrong with the rating?
4,I put in a lot of cruel scenes.The story is touching but the aftertaste...ㅠㅠ That's...
2,If you have time...Look at this. Kindergarten kids...I was tricked by the ratings.
5,fairy tales of our time
1,Why am I in 10th place?
4,Anime that stands out in Japan's 'face' sentiment. I missed Go Gil-dong who was worried about the monthly rent and the cost of his meal.
2,Realistically, there are no families like that in Korea. Only selfish people.
1,She's just like that
3,What story 01010101 will tell you. I don't think it'll be easy for kids to understand if it's a full tour.
4,It was so boring that it was hard to keep watching
6,Ku is so cute
1,Why isn't there zero?It's boring and long
4,There was a boring side to it. Anyone who watched a lot of Japanese theater animations would be disappointed.
1,What is it?LOL
1,Throw it out.
6,I saw it because the score was high.  It's not that funny. It's not good
2,Is this the level of the Republic of Korea? It's not a score, but -0-
5,I didn't know it was a kid's Annie
6,It's a pretty good cartoon, but I feel disgusted about it.
5,I'm bored.
1,How do you watch it?????
1,Honestly, I'm generous with Annie's rating...The storyline is like that, too. It's totally childish.The visual beauty is sophisticated, but...
1,I like Japanese animations, but this is a bit... You look like you're doing a good job as a family annie
1,Is it because I'm old?
4,The first of the great animations I don't want to rehash
1,children's comics
1,It's my first time not seeing Japanese Eni until the end. Regardless of the content, the character description is so clumsy.
4,Not really... I don't know why it's the best. I don't want to watch it again even if I have a chance
1,Are you kidding me?
1,I can't believe I'm fooled by the rating game. It's a movie that you can't watch without tears. I'm so angry that I'm crying.K
5,Boring............. GPA Lining
3,I don't really...
6,A movie about the friendship between Godpa and the boy.
4,It's the worst animation I've ever seen... What's the rating?
6,There's a message, but a boring subject...I think we can make an animation like this in Korea
6,No matter how good the topic is, the movie should be fun. The development is too slow.
6,Simple and cute animation, but only yawning throughout the whole time.
1,I was frankly disappointed with the rating.
1,rubbish
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
2,It wasn't that fun for me
5,The subject is boring, and the subject of criticism is just plain. I wonder what those who cried... Are you kidding me?
4,Honestly, there's nothing to watch except Godpaku's kind personality and cute side.
6,I'm just like a movie if it's a sad subject
5,It's worth watching! Hong Hong!
3,Touching and fun isn't very...The rating is a bit too much.
1,I got a grade. Honestly, I don't like it
1,A cartoon with Japanese dog-over-action. GodOO and summer vacation
1,How on earth did you get this rating? I think it's six to five
1,I don't understand the rating at all. It's a random story. Why is this character
6,It's just a movie
6,Movies for elementary and middle school students are not that fun ^^
1,Look at the kids
1,I'm also not good at animation.
1,That's the least interesting animation^^;;
1,Disappointed... nothing new, plain, lessons are ewwow.It's fun and boring.
1,I'm tearing up so much. I'll give you ㅠㅠ 1 point. Of course, I didn't watch it
6,It's a movie with a lot of complex lessons.I don't think it's worth 10 points.;;
1,삼 They're third-rate
4,Why isn't this fun for me?
1,It's touching! At the end...;; sorrow
6,I didn't know what to do in the middle of the movie, but I was confused.
6,Is it fun?
1,Sleepy, obvious story, nothing big.
1,Wow, I have never seen such a movie before.I really think our country will do better than this
5,It's not very funny.
1,Is it because it's touching? The composition is a bit...
2,I'm not good at drawing, I'm not good at telling stories, and I'm not even good at it.
1,For ages 15 and up. a waste of time
1,It's just so-so
6,Why am I so tired of it? Are you emotionally dry?
6,Unlike Japanese animation, the pictures and stories are somewhat clumsy and the composition is vague.
1,Why is the rating so high?It's about 8 points, but to lower the rating, 1 point
5,It's so calm. It's kind of boring. --;ㅡㅡ;
1,It's not good. It's a kid.
1,The score of sincerity is too high. So 1 point
6,I don't... I don't know
6,-_- It's not that...
1,I was bored and couldn't watch it until the end, so 1 point
6,It was just worth watching, but below expectations.
5,a palpable impression of the obvious It is far below Wall E, which has few lines, as well as Sen and Chihiro.
6,Anime with a cliche story...This kind of content is so boring.
4,It's totally boring for a high schooler.K
1,I'm getting a grade point, too.a piece of work that would suit the lower grades of elementary school
6,I was tricked by NAVER rating.
1,I'm not an elementary student.
6,It was kind of boring
2,I don't know why the NAVER rating is like this
5,This movie is scary...
1,9 points is appropriate
6,I don't know why I got a high score전I personally...It was so boring
4,I feel sleepy.
1,It feels like watching a Korean Dooly movie. A movie that kids watch.
6,Don't drag Jevra babies. It's not for kids.
1,Well, I think something's missing.
1,It wasn't good.
1,I'm an elementary school student... I didn't like it
2,Honestly, it wasn't that great!
1,It was boring
1,crude childishness;;
4,I'm so touched
1,It's a unique material, but it's not fun
3,What kind of times are you still doing this?
2,A lot of other people say they're touched. Not at all ㅜㅜ
1,so, that
3,Honestly, disappointed...Nothing new, plain, and poorly taught
1,It was really boring.ㅜㅜ I heard it's a masterpiece that connects Sen and Chihiro. I regret it. It's a waste of moneyㅜ I'm sorry
1,It's hard to believe NAVER's score... "Spirited Away"? "Howl's Moving Castle"? Godpa is the best?
6,The illustrations are a bit of a stinker.
1,Godpa is annoying
1,I guess I was expecting too much from the score. I'm so disappointed.
4,Just that kind of movie
1,What's so touching about this? It's so boring truth
1,Oh, there was a Japanese movie this time too.
1,Oh, I'm crying
1,I will never be fooled again by the Japanese's modest impression...
1,Water hose Japanese version
4,Obvious message, obvious forced touching. Honestly, it was boring.
1,It's a mutant penguin.
1,a simple animation
1,The rating is a bit too much...
1,regrettable, sad, pitiful
1,Comic movies are not fun.It's annoying that the animated film is in first place
3,The bowl overflowed with too much stuff at once
6,I like Annie and watched a lot. Early and mid-term... boring... and a little touching in the second half...It wasn't good.
5,Are you giving me a rating after watching the movie? It was boring and weird.
1,It's not number one
1,I want to give you a good score. It seems that it is not the first place in Naver ratings, beating many famous movies.
1,I threw away my summer vacation.
1,This isn't right
1,a ridiculous rating;;;
1,To be honest, it doesn'
1,If you meet Godpa, you'll hit him Oh, I'm so tired. I found Godpa John for two and a half hours LOL
1,The third movie that had a double whammy
5,Am I the only one disappointed?
5,There was a sense of boredom. It seemed like it was going to end, but there's another story.And...
1,Personally, it was really boring.
4,I saw it because it had a good rating and it was so boring. a boring movieIt's so...
6,There are some people who are watching, and for the first time in my life, I saw sleep in a movie theater.
6,It's a bit... I just managed to...
5,It's like watching a serious Japanese version of Dooly.Godpa is interesting, but the story is plain.
6,It's fun but boring. It was a shame because I think I increased the amount of 90 minutes.
1,For more than two hours of running time, you gave me the boredom of child Annie...
6,The story isn't that flat because the running time is long...
6,Godpa is a Japanese ghost. The story is about Dooly and E.T.It's nothing new.
5,It's unfortunate that there's no visual, but it stimulates the emotions
1,the disappearance of dogs and reptiles An animated movie story to Andromeda. a vague ending
1,It's not enough to make Sen and Chihiro laugh
