굿 윌 헌팅
1,It's worth seeing one thing or other. I don't think it's a masterpiece
2,It's so much fun
1,It's fun. It's touching
1,I don't like it, but this is fun? I'm bored... I'm going to see the Avengers.
6,I was watching Jason Bourne and thought of it
2,Honestly, if I don't know, my friend recommended it, but if I don't know, I'm sorry why this is such a masterpiece
4,There are so many famous saying and sexy ad-libs, and bad words are more memorable than the famous lines that I thought would remain in my head before I watched them. The movie that I should not watch with my family. The review video is better than the movie. I don't know if it's because I have high expectations.T
1,Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
1,It's fun, but it's not enough
1,It's fun! It's fun! It's fun!
1,It's a very touching movie crying
1,I'm going to break 10 points
2,The rating is 10 points, so I wanted to break it!
2,It's fun. It's fun
2,I fell asleep watching it. So boring
1,Let's go!
2,네 잘못이 아니야
2,
1,One movie is too much for the 8th grade syndrome is too much
4,a conventional Cinderella story
2,나쁘지 않아!
5,I watched it a long time ago, but maybe it's because I don't understand the movie well, but it's not a movie that I watched with emotion and lingering emotions But it's not bad to watchable
1,If you have that much talent, you should be a mathematician. The great man who comes out once in a thousand years disappears. Remember, it's not the thousands of elite educated people who lead the human race, but the few geniuses with those crazy talents.
1,(Laughing out loud and clear
6,The message I want to convey is certain. But I was bored. Is it because I'm old?
6,One-line summary: The story of the blessed growth of an immature genius
1,I want to give you 11 points.  It's not your fault.
5,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it too much, but I fell asleep in the middle
1,..,..,..,ikjujuyrer
6,Van Persie is so cool.
5,It was touching when I saw it as a college student, but when I saw it again at the age of 40, the assumption that there was such a genius itself made no sense.
6,It's about a process that's changing
1,857697854564uyuththry
1,hujktyuhjrty 상처
1,하이푸퉁은 국대 환경이 더 좋아
1,수입금가격규정격도
6,098075444879 I can't concentrate because of my natural face--09
4,It's not fun compared to the average
5,The topic was good, but the content wasn't that...
6,He just wasn't funny
1,It's pretty boring. It could be a good novel, but not a movie
1,It's not fun. Why did I watch this?
5,It's a cliche. I don't understand why the rating is high.
1,I don't like the drama
5,The Differences Between Korean and American Education
1,It's a good story, but it's obvious...
1,This is when I got 9 points, right? It's a genius movie, but I can't relate to it. They say Will Hunting is a genius.
5,The story was obvious and unnecessarily long and touching, but I don't think it's a masterpiece
2,the highest peak of self-prology a smug, smug film
1,It's a good movie. I wish the actress was a little prettier.
6,I was just a little bored
6,Wow, Matt Dayman is handsome!
2,I don't understand that it's not as fun as you think
4,I was looking for healing, but there was no healing in the movie I saw, and I lost my time, and I know what you're trying to say, but I don't understand
1,It's so much fun that I want to give you 11 points.
1,I like them all, but my girlfriend is so ugly
2,A genius with 8th grade syndrome, and a subject that cries out that genius is allowed everything.
1,Ratings are meaningless. Make sure you watch it.
5,a ridiculous setting A blind love where genius is a cleaner and rich female college student is upset about the pedant. I heard the box office hit, maybe because you like Cinderella's story.
1,It's definitely your fault
1,I'm not a genius. I can't relate. It's boring. I recommend that you take another look at the dead poet's society.
3,an hour and a half childless whining
1,Never look. I thought he was watching a movie. I warned you.
1,The heroine's face is visual terror + mental shock from boredom
1,It doesn't make sense that even a math genius has never learned it. How do you know this and solve a problem?
6,to heal in a vague way
2,It's a trash movie that you can't relate to. It's a character who has only natural abilities, but has a trash.  You're a fool who doesn't know what's worth and says that cleaners and bricklayer are all precious. I know it's barely over two digits of the IQ.
6,one of the most exaggerated films
1,It was fun. But I got 1 point because I watched it at school
1,I like everything, but I can't get into it because of the girl
6,Why don't I relate to this movie? I think it's because I expected too much from the dead poet's hosting.
6,The movie is what the people of the present age want, who are all lost and yearning for mentors.But the best mentor and the only mentor you have is yourself. Im personally, it feels like I'm dozing off and forcing myself to spring
1,Oh, my God.It is obvious that he is an adult made by a young man who knows nothing.
5,a feeling of calm teaching but not teaching
4,His freezing healing -- I've been bored to death for two hours
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,The composition of the movie itself is fine, but there are many sexually promiscuous conversations and no special lessons. It would have been a good movie if it weren't for this, but it's too bad
3,What kind of math is a person who smokes cigarettes and doesn't read math books and works hard? The setting itself is a sham.
6,It is boring as a whole
6,Robin Williams' impressions strangely don't impress me.
1,My psychiatrist kicked me out first, saying everything was my fault and that I was going to fix it myself.The answer he got was... it wasn't my fault.As expected, genius is different.I think everyone was healed by that line.I was sick. His friends couldn't keep his talent alive.I'm jealous
1,Not really........a youth movie
2,Not good.
5,I don't know... I thought the characters were too stereotypical. Maybe it's because I watched Into the Wild right after I watched it. That's what I think. Please don't curse It's different from you guys...
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,Words grow through mathematics, but in the end, it is a movie that depicts romance.
6,be emotionless and uninterested
1,dull and quite boring
4,I've been looking forward to it, but it's disappointing. Dramatic settlement with "It's Not Your Fault"?
6,Matt Damon... his own story.
1,It's not my fault to watch this movie.
6,It's just calm, it doesn't seem like it's touching enough to wake you up.
5,I don't think it's a great movie just because it's a movie to impress.
6,I can now confirm my immaturity when I was 30 years old at the time.
6,Why is this...? It's not touching. It's boring.
4,It's not fun. I don't know if it's touchingWhat's so touching, it's not even an art movie, but it's not funny.
2,What I saw because of a man ㅠㅠ Cool content
1,Don't live like a homeless man with a genius head and work hard and make ridiculous movies
1,I feel reluctant because the main character seems to give a "forced impression" with an unreasonable setting of "genius."
6,There was a scene where the main character in the movie and my thoughts had something in common, so I got emotional while watching it
1,You need patience when you see it
5,It's such a normal story for me.
6,It's just a drama
1,9 points for the heroine. - 8 points
1,The university professor is also white.Genius is white. It's a white supremacist movie like Superman
4,It's not fun
6,It's just okay...
1,I can't watch it twice because I'm bored If you've seen it three times, you've got to give a round of applause for your score
1,It's so boring. To an ugly woman with a weird laugh.Leaving without telling a friend.I can't believe it. 7 points
6,I don't really feel that way.Someone said this was better than the dead poetical society, so I saw it, and I thought it was better
6,좋아요.
1,Ah, 8 points for Evay is appropriate for over 9 points
1,I don't like it either. Honestly... It's not that I didn't make it well, but I think 7-8 points would be good
1,Honestly, I don't really...
1,It's touching, but the rating is too high. I should lower itK
1,It's a good movie, but I think the rating is too high
1,I don't know what the hell is touching -_-; a boring movie
6,A touching movie that makes you wait for the obvious ending. There is no denying that there is also the obvious
6,A heartwarming movie, but the process and way to reach heartwarming is exaggerated and uncomfortable.
1,I'm going to cut it a little bit because the rating is too high.
5,It was okay. It was normal...
5,I enjoyed it. But it wasn't until 9.21
5,It's awkward. It's not that touching.I can't get into the movie.
6,Between 6 and 6.5, that's not a big deal.
4,Why is the rating so high? It was a movie that didn't feel that way
1,This is called foam
1,a beggar movie
2,It's boring and boring. Annoying
1,It's kind of boring
1,Too boring--;;
6,Robin Williams is the best, Matt Damon looks like he's wearing something that doesn't fit. --;;ㅡㅡ;;
1,Giving one point for actor casting and movie poster. Fun, emotionless, long time boring.
1,I'll take the ugly girl for the second time. No fun of any kind. I slept very well for a long time
2,Any of my daily diaries would be more touching than this.
6,It's just like that. What's touching?
2,It was really weird --;;;;;;;;
1,I saw it because it had a high rating. It's worse than Beautiful Mind.
5,It's okay, but it's a bit disappointing...
6,Why is it so boring?
5,I can't believe the rating
4,Personally, I'm so sleepy. I hope you watch it again It's like imitating a dead poet's society
1,I'm bored with malicious comments
6,I like genius movies, but the atmosphere is gloomy and boring. As expected, the movie
5,The movie is so boring.
1,I enjoyed it. It's not Lee Jung-don
1,Not really;
1,See? Everyone says it's boring
1,very boring
1,Really... Boring and boring...
1,It's boring and boring. I don't know anything artistic
1,It's not like this
1,It's not that
1,It wasn't that funny Only boredom
1,It's boring, boring, boring, and cliche
1,This is boring
1,Why is the rating so...Is it high? It's not fun
1,What the hell?
1,I just watched it because the rating was high. I was crazy because I wanted to sleep, but I kept watching it.
1,I can't get rid of my boredom;;
1,A movie that has a longer moment of boredom than a moment of emotion
1,It was boring and boring
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
1,This is boring
1,It was boring
1,It's an 8-point movie. The rating is too high
6,There's a jam in the beginning, but a stuffy movie in the end
1,How dare you beat Titanic? There's no content.
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
6,It's been pretty boring since mid to late.
4,좋아요.
4,I'm not even a genius. Please stop making movies out of genius
4,It's not that fun... (That 16-year-old) a dull movie.
5,Inner wound healing has made a big difference in life. The ending car looked like his life.
2,Why wasn't it such a good movie for me...?
2,No way... A movie that receives such good reviews...
4,That's kind of funny. Can he really be that smart and knowledgeable without education?
6,Oh, she's so ugly--
4,Why am I so bored?
1,be completely bored
1,The dead poet's social work, and what kind of movie is this?
5,Movies are hard...It's boring
1,I don't like it either
1,I didn't like it
1,Wow, I was going to do my homework, but I almost fell asleep three times.
5,He's full of looks... There's no content.
1,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
6,Props before Gus Van Sant's experimental trilogy ~
2,I turned it off because I was bored more than an hour.
5,I don't like... I like this kind of genre, but this movie is.
5,It's not very...
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
5,The disappointment was as great as the expectation was high. The rating is too high
5,좋아요.
6,Boredom, common story, common material, and ratings are too high.
6,It's a good movie, but it's a little boring. Was I looking forward to it too much?
6,There is no star that is bright alone.
1,As expected, it's a first-class movie. Grade 1 ^^
1,It was boring and boring.
1,Boredom is always minus.
6,Above average
6,It's just that's all.full of forced instruction
1,...Is it because I'm expecting too much calmness...
1,Just mean
5,Not all genius stories are good. Boredom is always minus.
1,I'm a godfather
1,I'm not a couch potato.This movie is not good.
1,The rating is too high
1,Scissors hands are the best!
1,Scissors hands are the best!
6,I was fooled by the ratings. The reality show was bad
1,I felt the need to downgrade the overall ranking
5,Is it because you are still young? Please make the movie over 19 years old
5,If it was just like that's all
1,movie, film,  picture, feature
1,Why is the rating so high...It's worth watching.
6,그저 그런, 평범한
1,I can only see a beautiful figure.     Too
2,......moved, Matt Damon made me sick to death.ㅜㅜ
1,The mental defects of genius
1,Robin Williams's famous performance. That's a really good movie. I hope you watch it!
6,The heroine... I have nothing to say. There are a lot of people who like it
1,The most memorable movie in my life is the worst
1,Oh my god
6,-_- Ramanuzan.
5,If math is the subject, let's quote math terms straight.
6,I just saw it, but it doesn't seem to have much content.It's not that touching, but it's worth watching
