클래식
10,It is a work that gives the joy of youth to those who are tired of the pain and emptiness of life.I didn't have this kind of love, but I can dream about it.
10,It was the best movie ever. The music is beautiful and the story is good.
10,Hyun Bin, the thief who took Son Yejin...
9,I'm finally watching a movie from 20 years ago. If it's corny, it can be corny, but if you look at it without spoilers, I think it's a work that has a lot of fun to see with a high emotional index. It's fun enough to recommend. You did a great job!
10,It is so touching and sad.
10,I remember the excitement I felt when I saw the girl I liked in the theater in 2003ㅜㅜ Laptop in the US, Natting Hill in the UK, Classic in Korea
8,It's a bit ridiculous. Maybe it wasn't edited, but the story is too spaced out. Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin's acting isn't complete yet
10,It's a perfect movie.
10,If it weren't for Jo In-sung, it would have been better.
10,Such a beautiful, fresh, desperate and touching movie. I want to watch it again and again.Even the OST is the best!
10,There's no need for words. Korea's best melodrama!
10,The best Korean movie... No matter how many times I look at it, tears...crying
10,You're the best. I can see why Son Yejin is called my first love I'm so sorry for Cho Seungwoo's story too ㅜㅜㅜ
10,The best movie of my life. Every time I watch it, I cry.Can this kind of movie come out again?
10,It's a better work as time goes by
6,If it weren't for the actors, it would have been a fantasy B-rated movie.
10,My heart achesA lot of our sad stories
10,
10,Son Yejin, I love you. What should I do?It's so sad
10,
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,Classic is classic.
10,
10,Old emotions... It's so sad and sentimental. Why did I watch it now? I should've watched it before It's a masterpiece. It doesn't leave a lot of marks, but it still lingers
10,
10,Even after 20 years, it's a masterpiece
9,I miss perfume from the 70s. I miss the 2000s sentiment...
10,Why did I see this masterpiece now? Poster still cuts are all famous, so I wanted to see it someday, but it is a legendary first love movie that is comparable to love letter in my life
10,It's touching even when I look at it again. The emotions from that time again
10,I think of you when the sun shines a light on the sea.When the faint moonlight floats on the spring water, I think of you.
9,I can't forget you. First love.
10,It contains excitement that cannot be expressed in words.As expected, masterpieces are timeless.
8,In 2003, when I was 22 years old, I was isolated from the world in a training camp and saw the world's civilization again in a religious class auditorium after 20 years of classicism. It is corny and full of coincidences, but it comes to me classically and faintly like the title of the movie. The familiar BGM and the freshness of the main actors fill the screen to bring back memories and nostalgia. It is a good movie to accept the end of cliche in classical style, although it is not boring with laughter points and various events. Emotional Classic ^^
10,Is the meeting between wisdom and common people a coincidence or a necessity?
10,It's a masterpiece, but everyone except Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin can't act.It's too bad.
10,It is a very sad and touching movie. The actors are so good at acting. Son Yejin is pretty
10,What comes to mind when it rains? It looks like a video clip of colors from 20 years ago. Between the few lines... The music that fills the gap... Top
10,I thought I couldn't forget because it was the first melodrama I saw in my adolescence, but even when I was in my mid-30s, it still hurts like that ㅠㅠ The movie that I still think is the best Korean movie... ♥.. The emotions that I miss these days
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
10,Tae Soo, am I the only one who's so funny?Because of Taesu, I giggled like a crazy person.I heard it's a sad romance.
10,The ending lingers in my mind
10,It's been a while since I saw an old film-like movie. It's so touchingIt was a movie that reminded me of my first love by combining the acting of Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo in the story.
10,Good, very good^^
10,The Classic of Korean Melo Films
10,I'm so proud that I saw this movie in theaters when it was released. I compliment myself. I watched it again not too long ago, but I really enjoyed it
10,The true pure love story that I could only feel at that time feels so beautiful and makes me feel sad. On the other hand, it is regrettable that it is difficult to feel these fresh and dim feelings in the present day. indescribable sentiments of the time It's so sentimental.
10,The number one movie of my life that I watch once in a few years. I will watch it again in a few years
10,All right, it's just calming and heartwarming.
10,
10,My favorite movie, classic...
10,Son Yejin is so pretty and starts with Nocturne and ends with me and you!
8,Isn't it cheat key to write Kim Kwang Seok's song?
10,
10,a film that reaches the end of a calm and touching moment It's not a common love story
3,The background music that comes out from the beginning to the end of the movie is still ringing in my ears.
10,Why would you just say that?God-Seungwoo
10,It's an old movie, but it's fun
10,I watched this movie more than 5 times, but every time I watched it, I enjoyed it and cried many times Thank you.
10,If there is a sad love, I think it's like this.
10,
10,It was so nice to see you together. We won't be together until the end like Joohee and Junha, so we'll cherish each other more in our memories.
10,The best romance movie of my life, OST, actors, and actresses are all perfect and I think it's a movie that lasts for a long
10,I can't help but give him 10 points I didn't know I'd watch a movie like this in Korea, but I would've been sad if I didn't
10,Wow, I'm sending this masterpiece now.I feel restless for a few nights It's the best.
10,Son Ye-jin of Classic, Son Ye-jin of Summer Scent, Son Ye-jin of Love Age, Son Ye-jin of My Head, Son Ye-jin Movie, Best Actress in a Drama
10,It's amazing. It's cheesy and tacky, but it makes me cry. It's legendary
4,The movie was overrated as a masterpiece because Son Ye-jin's beauty, acting, and the music of riding a bicycle barely carried the artificial and forced new wave.
10,
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,the classic of Korean romance The scene of Son Ye-jin running in the rain really made me cry.He acted so well that I could feel the emotions
10,The indicator of my love, it's tearful
10,You're the best, really ㅜㅜ
10,I was more curious about classical music than you quiz. Son Yejin is the best. I'm sad that my son and daughter met. I cried while watching it
10,The best first love movie of my life.
10,Can a movie like this come out again before I die?
5,The sensibility is over-set and classical with the convenience of cliché.
10,It's okay to watch it again
10,A touching and heartbreaking love story!
10,I'm going crazy. It's so much fun. Why am I so sad and crying every time to time
10,A masterpiece that will remain in my heart even if I get older
10,It's a movie that leaves a beautiful impression even with perfect soundtrack
10,Even after 19 years, it's still so pretty and desperate
10,I can't get enough of it.
10,It was a movie that left a lingering impression
10,No matter how much time passes, will a movie like this come out again?
10,1. Directing, screenplay, music, all 100 points One of the most perfect movies in Korean history 2. Cho Seung-woo proved his acting skills at the age of 22, chewed up the musical ecosystem at the age of 24, and shot a tazza at the age of 25. Since childhood, only DiCaprio and Cho Seung-woo come to mind as actors with such high-quality acting skills and wide spectrum.
10,It's always a snatch
10,
10,Wow, that was the best choice the day before one's return to vacation
10,I was going to watch it, but I did...It was a movie that was 20 years old...Nevertheless, Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's golden days are so beautiful.Even the OST is beautiful... Everything is sentimental and beautiful...
10,I saw it for the first time today and it's the bestSon Ye-jin, Jo In-sung, Cho Seung-woo, you were so pretty and cool back then ♡♡ I cried a lot in my old memories 옛
10,It was almost perfect.ㅠ.ㅠ
10,Ost is the best movie that makes you feel emotional
10,Legendary Korean melodrama
10,There's nothing more to say about Son Ye-jin, but I'd like to applaud Cho Seung-woo's acting once again.You should have won an award too...
10,I heard it was a masterpiece, but I hesitated because it was an old movie in 2 hours of running time, but I watched it today during the holiday and it became a classic movie of my life.It's a perfect movie from a solid storyline to actors' acting, which is not just a regular melodrama. My best movie.
10,Son Yejin, who only likes tall guys...Forget about your first love and be nice to the person next to you
10,It is the best movie. I enjoyed it so much.Everything was perfect!
10,My heart flutters no matter how many times I see it. Son Yejin and Jo Inseong
4,I didn't like the acting of a long-running romance, so I was...But Cho Seungwoo's acting is amazing
10,There are only 14 rating participants in this incredible movie. Is this for real?
10,It's really amazing I really enjoyed it.
10,
10,It's my first time watching classical music in 19 years. Like the classic movie title, the music was very well matched, and I think it's a movie that reminds me of the love story that I couldn't finish.  I think it's a movie that's calm and affectionately funny and heartbreaking at times.
10,
10,It's really my life movie!It's so charming and touching that it's a classic melodrama.
8,Classic is forever. The faded photo is still shining and brilliant in 2003 and 2022.
10,
10,
10,Sunday evening ends with a heartwarming movie.I'll sleep with excitement.
10,Jun-ha: I could have fooled you.Joohee: Good job. You did a great job.
10,Life's work... Tears well up no matter how many times I watch it.
10,a moving film reminiscent of old memories
10,
8,I feel like I'm meeting someone I have to meet somehowCho Seungwoo's acting is the best. Clyde and Maru. It reminds me of the brand from that time
10,
10,It's the best movie ever^-^
10,
10,The best movie in my life. Classic... That summer... What else is there? Anyway, a creepy movie... I've been there. A movie that reminds me of that
10,It may be a cliche and unrealistic movie for some people, but if you want to fall into a love story like a movie, it's a movie that just gets you immersed and makes your heart acheIt's a story that makes you feel excited and hurt if you immerse yourself in the crude and old way of expressing love.
10,The OST is the best and my song is touching
10,I'm watching a movie right now.Even if I watch it more than 10 times, I get excited and sad every time I see it.It's definitely the best movie. Everything is perfect!
10,
8,The sculptures are great, but there's too much to match.
10,Our pure emotions of those days are called "classics" today.It was good to feel pure for a moment in a busy and dizzy world, and it was a good movie that made my heart faint.
10,I only watched the most famous scene with Jo In Sung, and Cho Seung Woo was more memorable
10,Even if you look close to 30, it's always new, exciting, sad, and funny
10,God dam masterpiece... go mad
10,I just saw it. It's a crazy movie
10,Re-release is urgent!
10,It's so much fun! Really!
10,When I want to cry, I like it.
10,All I can think of is the word perfect
10,There must be fateWe'll be able to meet again
10,
10,A love that transcends the times.
10,Every time I see you, I feel touched. I think I've seen it 10 times
10,
10,It's a movie that's still.
1,What a pathetic movie. How many times have you made it up; the more I watched it, the more ridiculous it gotlol;;
10,It was a sad, warm, sentimental, dreary and touching movie.
10,It's a good movie to watch again when I'm old.
10,
10,a masterpiece among masterpiecesI'm always excited
7,Why I don't like the ending ㅜㅜ..
10,The acting was awkward, but the stoats and music offset that
10,You're the best even if you watch it 10 times. The OST is really...
10,The movie is a classic portrayal of the theme of mournful love. I can feel warm but sad and sad emotions.
10,It's a sad and heartbreaking movieAgain, a portrait of a young man keeps me awake at night
10,When I participated in this movie, I didn't know what movie it was and I didn't think it would be okay, so I watched it without any expectations, but it became my life movie
10,The OST is so good. It's a touching masterpiece
10,Today... I cried while watching it.Son Yejin is so beautiful...
10,It's exciting and touching every time and time again. My masterpiece...♡♡♡
10,I'm always touched
10,It's a legendary Korean romance movie
10,Sigh... I miss those days so much...
10,It's so touching. I want to see it again
10,It's new to watch your favorite movies
10,The OST that makes you cry is famous, too
10,There are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who has seen it onceMake sure to watch it
10,The movie of my life that I can't get enough of
1,Son Ye-jin is pretty, reminds me of my first love, and tacky.
10,
10,A movie that you want to introduce to someone precious
10,see the film for the first time in one's late twentiesWill love come to me again?
1,I've never seen such a boring movie.
10,
6,a sunset-like watercolor painting
10,Cho In-sung's acting makes me laugh, but even considering that, I think it's the peak of Korean romance movies
10,It's the biggest piece of my life
10,I've seen so many movies in my 50s, but this movie is beyond touching and unforgettable
10,Since then, Korean movies have been so good. Acting, directing, filming, and music are all great
10,A movie that makes you feel like you're in love
10,That's tacky. All right! Let's say it's classic!
10,
10,
10,When Son Yejin smiles, I'm happy, and when she cries, my heart aches
10,
10,Story, OST, and directing are all perfect movies of my life.Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin in their early 20s are also perfect.
10,Is there a movie this classic in my life? Watching it again at any time, the emotion doesn't change at that time Thank you so much for releasing it at the time of my youth. A movie like a memory that can't be described in words
10,Thank you for the touching movie
10,It's a shame that you've finally seen this movieIt's a very, very good movieIt's like a dream on a midsummer nightIt's a movie that I miss like a memory that I can't come back to
10,I cried. It was so much fun.
10,Classical music is definitely... The actors' appearance and fresh acting fit the story of the movie very well. It's a movie that makes you keep bringing out both directing and OST. :)
10,What is it? I like sad things
10,Wow, the best romance.....
10,What's with the necklace?crying
10,But I'm happy to see this movie even now.  I'm 44 years old and I still can't get out of the movie. Movie of my life ^^
10,This is the best movie of my life. I love this movie
10,No matter how many times I look at it, it's a true romance comic book
10,A masterpiece that touches my heart
10,
10,
10,I just watched this movie
10,I hope it goes up in the charts on Netflix.A Korean movie that I want to show off to people all over the world.
10,a movie that brings back memoriesActors' acting is good, too.
10,It's always a masterpiece. Will I be able to love this pure love?
10,The emotional line was so good from start to finish.A work that can be re-released is worth re-released.It's Cho Seung Woo and Son Ye Jin's life work.
10,I don't know why I just found outIt's so touching.
10,I like all the directing and acting stories
10,Some people say it's too hot, but the romance of this movie will be immortal
10,It's sad. It's touching
10,
10,The best movie of my life. When Jihye runs in the rain holding an umbrella, she smiles and tears. When Joohee looks at Junha in a suit, tears of sadness.
10,It's my favorite movie It's on Netflix, so make sure to watch it crying
10,Classic is foreverI haven't seen my husband in yearsin tears
10,I don't usually enjoy classic romance, but I'm surprised by the visuals of each cast member's acting and the video quality that looks like a classic film camera The last scene of Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin was so sadㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's perfect without words.
10,At that time, Son Yejin didn't even poo and she really felt like she was going to live on dew
10,A movie that makes my heart pound every time I see it
10,I'd say it's my favorite movie
10,Fresh love? Anyway, mother and daughter's love overlapped, mother's conflict between two men and daughter's conflict for daughter's love for man. She couldn't get out of the swamp of sad love, but the kiss between her daughter and a man was a fateful love^ It's a movie I saw by chance, but a desperate fire of love burns on one side of my heart. Let me say it again. Ah! I really want to try that kind of love~No, I want to receive it!^ Is it too late?ㅠ
10,
10,I don't think a masterpiece like Claxic will come out for another 50 years.
10,A movie that makes me cry every time I watch it more than 10 times. The best romance movie of my life (by the way, I'm in my 60s)
10,The movie I watched in my 20s... Even when I'm in my 40s...A movie that reminds me of my first love that I loved back then
10,It's been a while since I cried. Oh, it's sad
10,The movie that lingers every time I see it...
10,
10,It's the best movie of my life. Cho Seungwoo, Son Yejin's acting, visual beauty, and music are masterpieces beyond words
10,
10,This is the only movie I've ever seen in my life that made me cry. I'm still watching, ok?
10,It's at least the best melodrama in the country
10,It's one of the top 10 touching Korean movies
10,A nostalgic memory...I miss the nostalgia of those days so much.Why am I so sad just listening to music?
10,The movie of my life... It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I watch it
10,
10,
10,The classic of romance movies. It's a long time ago, but even if I watch it on Netflix again, it's still fresh, fresh, beautiful, and sad first love.Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's acting is really good. The movie's beauty and OST are also perfect
10,The definition of Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting
10,A movie that leaves a strong impression
10,It's touching and fun. Thank you for watching this kind of movie even now
10,I didn't know because Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin are famous for being in the rain every time, but after watching it, I realized that there was a real thing... It's so touching!
10,The movie of my life
10,I thought it was romantic and cried crying
10,I can't say anything without cursing It's so touching
10,It's so sentimental and touching Thank you for the beautiful masterpiece
10,
10,It's touching even when I watch it again. My favorite movie.
10,Son Yejin is so pretty, perfect OST, a really well-made movie
10,
10,I cried when Junha and Joohee were reunited after the war.Classic is a masterpiece!
10,
10,It's fun. I think it's moving and realistic, but it's good But I don't feel goodㅠㅠ I'm sorry to hear that's too bad..
10,Everything was good. It's beautiful.
10,More and more valuable beautiful movies as time goes by
10,It's a good movie even if you watch it again after a long time ago
10,The more I see it, the more I see it, the more beautiful the movie is, the more I cry
10,It was so touching that I cried automatically
10,Every time I see him for 20 years, I get emotional and cry without realizing it. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that lingers for a long time. Will a movie like this?
10,I watched it belatedly. The long running time isn't boring. It's the best masterpiece
10,The most memorable movie I've seen in 50 years is Classic. There's no such pure and beautiful love movie these days^^ A movie that makes you feel like you've seen two movies.I watched it with the youngest member in the 9th grade and my son was moved by it'the pinnacle of the first love movieCho In-sung and Son Ye-jin's fluttering love vs. Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's love at first sight. Both are good. I told you that love was not love that hurt you or too much.  be indifferent to each otherI'll tell my grandchildren to watch it!
10,When it was re-released on CGV in the past, I enjoyed the movie until the end without any boredom.Originally, I was going to watch another movie, but I couldn't because I couldn't, but I didn't regret it at all. I came out crying with my friend. It's beautiful and lingering
10,"Classic" is the best movie in my life. a heart-warming movie
10,
10,I want to try this kind of loveIt's heartbreaking, sad, but so beautiful
10,Directing, acting, story, visual beauty, and OST were all perfect. The film's beauty is so high due to the production, and the actors' acting has immersed the movie's story more. The calm and atmospheric OST added to it was really no joke. It was really fun and I think I cried a lot at the end. A movie that you want to watch at least once...The first love shows the pain in isolation.
9,Can I make a better title than this? He intentionally creates acting, maximizes acting, and maximizes the atmosphere of the song at the time, which became a classic. "Tune" movies and modern music movies. Classic.
10,It's a great movie. Everything is perfect
10,It's so touching even now. It's so nice
10,
10,
10,A masterpiece... Acknowledged...
10,Are you crazy? This is 10 points
10,I watched a real movie after a long time.
10,It's a movie that leaves a deep impression
10,It's been almost 20 years since I saw this movie, but I feel touched and moved every time to timeI love the calm songs that come out throughout the movie
10,The harmony between the late Kim Kwang-seok's song and the movie "Classic" is beyond words
10,
10,When I was in middle school, I was so impressed by the movie theater that I cried a lot. Now that I'm in my late 30s, this movie is still very good. I love the OST.
1,It's too loose. I recommend it to people with insomnia.
10,If you haven't seen this yet... Make sure to watch it. For sure.
10,My favorite movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ The scene is so pretty
10,Son Yejin's double role makes me more immersed That's what real love is like.My heart aches so much.ㅜ
10,Love appears by chance and is formed by fate
10,As the title says, it's classicWhy did I watch this masterpiece now?It's a beautiful and clumsy movie. It's a fresh movie. It's sad that there aren't any movies like this these days, but thanks to the movie, life has become more beautiful
10,I thought it was boring, but it's the last legend
10,It made my heart cry at dawn.
10,It's so nice. I saw it as a school performance test
10,
10,This is a movie. a once-in-a-lifetime trick
10,Good. It's a touching movie
10,I'm crying. I can't see my tears
10,Crazy super touching romance
10,It's a masterpiece. There will be a long way to go...Son Yejin is pretty
10,
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin were so pretty. Cho Seung Woo in front of the street lamp was the best.
10,A masterpiece that will remain in time
10,The best Korean movie...
10,Such a beautiful melodrama
10,It's beautiful, pure, and sentimental. It's my favorite movie
10,
10,It's been a while since I was moved and cried. Thank you.
10,
10,On a drowsy afternoon, I watched the movie classic again because I wanted to feel the old sentiment. I watched it again and again, but every time I watched it, the calm story made me cry.What more do I need to say? Make sure to watch a masterpiece!
10,Touching. Everything is perfect
10,Directing, acting, story, visual beauty, and perfect OST
10,I cried so much that I got in trouble
10,It's well-made
10,
10,
10,Son Yejin's acting as "Princess Byung-Style" is no match
10,A movie that I watched again with my daughter.
10,I watched this movie for the first time in my early 20s and watched it again in my mid 30sThere's a cringe in my feelings at the time of release, but I don't think there's a change in my feelings at the time and now. The emotional environment has changed both then and now, but the one thing that doesn't change is the movie
10,I think it's one of Korea's masterpieces
10,
10,By chance, by chance, by chance...But... I'm sure / that this word will stick in my heart for the rest of my life after watching a classic movie.
10,
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,
10,
10,
10,Now I'm a fool.
10,
10,The story is so solid and it's very touchingㅜㅜ
10,It is OOO or the past movie, but the movie that touches my heart every time I watch it... Out of all the masterpieces... A movie that reminds me of my first love... I can't even count how many times I've watched it until today. But a strange movie that you can't get tired of...
4,The acting is so hard to watch...I agree with Cho Seungwoo
10,The best scene is Seungwoo's street lamp scene
10,I'm writing this down because I was surprised to see the director's film What do you mean, classic? A masterpiece classic that will be missed in Korean movies!
10,Cho Seung-woo's fresh and Son Ye-jin's innocent youth record... I envy the two actors who filmed the most beautiful times and acting. Classic is the best in any romance genre ㅠㅠ
10,I think it's the best move among Korean movies and movies that make you feel good just by watching movies.
10,a masterpiece of every description
10,It's the best. I'm touched even when I look at it again
10,It's so touching to see it again after a while...The movie of my life movie!The classic OST acting is perfect
10,The reunion scene is really calm
10,I was so touched after watching the movie. It's my life movie crying
10,I love everything about the atmosphere, color, emotion, place, etc. of this movie.
10,I'm touched. Oh Junha ♡ Sung Joohee
10,Cliché Cliché and Cliché are perfect too.
10,There's no stopping a relationship.I was sad while I was watching.
10,It's always the best work.
2,I just saw the ending, dog boredom, who likes this kind of movie? As expected, Koreans are slow
10,
10,
10,Nice and beautiful love story. Love that comes true in the next generation
10,It's so sad.The song is crazy. Cho Seung Woo's acting...
10,Just watch it ㅠㅠ후The scene where Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin meet in the second half
10,I can't believe this amazing piece has 180,000 viewers. It's one of the best Melo songs in Korea
6,It's really nice, but Junha sent Juhee to someone else because she knew it would be hard to marry her and gave birth to a baby. And the place where she died and was sprayed was also Juhee's place. - Leave a necklace for my son and what about Junha Wife? It's so good but the last one is too long
10,It's just my favorite movie
10,When asked what my favorite movie is, I can say classic
10,A movie that makes me cry no matter how many times I watch it
10,A movie that you want to watch again with great acting skills
1,I can't watch it because it's cringe-worthy.The sentiment of the two eight years
10,There is no need for words. the best movie
8,
10,It's a movie where everything is perfect
10,The movie expressed the emotional line of love well, the actors' acting skills were good, and the OST was so good that it was memorable for a long time
10,A movie that brings back memories of a faint first love.The modern version of "Downpour". I miss the pure excitement.
10,It's so sad. There's no other movie like this
10,It's the most touching moment
10,
10,It's a ridiculous scenario, but it's the best acting.ㅠㅠ...ㅠㅠ
10,It's a ridiculous scenario, but it's the best acting.ㅠㅠ...ㅠㅠ
8,Junha... Is love a joke?
10,I want to try this kind of loveㅠ
10,
10,It's my first time seeing this masterpiece after eating 32 piecesWhen my wife went down, I cried while drinking beer alone at night. It was such a touching and good movie
10,You said you watch it normally, but now you watch it.
10,
10,It was on Netflix, so I watched it again. It's always a masterpiece
10,It's the best... I can't put it into words
10,I never watch a movie that I watched, but the only movie that I keep watching... I can't lose Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
10,Even after the release of OOO, it doesn't seem tacky at all and gives a long lingering impression. I enjoyed watching it with the groom after a long time
10,
10,First place out of all the movies I've ever seen
8,a great past
10,A movie that I really enjoyed. I can't get enough of watching it again and again. The fresh and exciting performances of the actors are also excellent. A must-see movie!
10,Oh, I didn't even think about the last one.
10,It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression on my mind even after many years. It's a movie that leaves a lingering impression to think about what love is.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece. It's an exciting and heartbreaking movie
10,Recently, I watched Seungwoo Cho's You Quiz and watched it again. I watched it 10 years ago when I was in middle and high school. I sometimes listen to music because I remember it, but I don't remember the story at all. I watched a lot of movies back then, but now that I'm an adult, married, and have children, I think I can't watch movies anymore I put my husband's child to sleep and fortunately, I'm watching it alone. It's so new and fresh. I remember the late 90's and early 2000's. Air music...I miss it. Would the ending have changed if Taesu had been more selfish?
10,The OST played one more role. Classic, fresh first love and afterglow were perfect.
9,Cho Seungwoo turns the lights off and on in front of Son Yejin. When I turn it on at the end, the part that starts with "You're OST" is my masterpieceI always listen to ㅠㅠT OST, but it's my first time seeing it as a movie. How can it fit well with the songs...I don't like to watch movies many times, but I think I'll watch this movie again
10,After breaking up, I remembered that my ex-girlfriend told me to watch it, so I cried a lot.
10,I thought it was a high school fresh love story, but when I became 20s, I remembered their past love story in the tragic events around me
10,The movie that made me cry five times after watching it five times
10,2021 is the best...
10,I watched a moving movie after a long timeIt's lingering
10,Best life movie~ Story, acting, cinematic beauty ♡ A movie that is 100% satisfying with the sentimental feelings of first love. It is a blessing to meet this movie! I'm happy.
10,
10,I cried while watching a movie with my husband. That's really...I was so touched throughout the movie.Have I ever had that kind of love? It reminded me of the past.It's been a long time since the movie was released, but I think it's more touching than the movies that are being screened these days! These days, it's hard to find a movie like this. That's why it's so good. It's not just classicAnd the OST is perfectcrying
10,It is really one of the best movies.
10,I watched this movie late, but I felt very uncomfortable with the shower written by Hwang Soon-won. In my opinion, after watching this movie, the writer probably wondered what would have happened if the girl in Hwang Soon-won's shower hadn't died.It was nice to see the story after the story I learned in school. Really!!
10,The movie that came out when I was 10 years old. I watched it for the first time when I was 28. OOO is not tacky at all and is too classic.
10,Yejin is pretty even when she cries. Delispice Confession OST makes you feel sentimental.
10,I wanted to watch it from a long time agoI should've seen it
10,It's the best melodrama, acting, story, video, music. Perfect I do it on TV sometimes, and it's so touching
9,As I got older, I felt more sorry for each of the main characters' spouses
10,Even if I watch it more than 10 times, it's touching and it's like my mom and dad's generation
10,I really enjoyed it.
10,a specimen of Korean romance
10,
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't have to be directed or OST. If there is something that is somewhat disappointing, I didn't see it in the movie theater. I really want to go see it when it is reruns.
10,I can't believe I've seen a masterpiece now.
10,It's my favorite movie It was so touching and I enjoyed itIf it's released again, I want to watch it at the theater
10,No, it's not. It's a replacement for classic movies. No movie, no story. A movie that reminds me of when I'm having a hard time and when I'm sad. It's the best work of my life. Every single scene is memorable
10,
10,Classic that I've only heard of. I saw it for the first time recently and it was really touchingI had a happy and sad day
10,Why did I watch it now? It's a masterpiece
10,I watched it 5 times. It's touching and good. Cho Seung Woo and Son Ye Jin's acting ㅠㅠ OST is definitely good
10,I really like sentimental romance in the early 2000s... It's sad, sentimental, and full of lingering. It is the movie that meets the example the most. I want to cry today, but I want to see handsome and pretty actors? I'll grinded right away
10,I love old movies
8,I didn't know that Son Yejin was pretty, but she was the ultimate innocent beauty...
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,
10,
10,A movie like a fairy tale about love. The dramatic lines, which could be cringy, were well melted into pure characters. Above all, the music of this movie makes me immerse myself in the heartbreaking and fluttering memory as if I recall those days. Looking at it now, a lot of time after the movie came out, the scenes look even more shiny and beautiful, perhaps because they were fresh actors.
10,I'm touched even when I see you again after 10 years
10,It's been a while since the movie came outI regret watching this movie now, and I wonder when I can see this movie again.  Thank you for the good movie
10,It's been 5 years, but it's so much fun. We'll see each other in 5 days.
10,It's so touching  My favorite movie
10,Why have I never been in such a relationship before?
10,Beautiful and sad first love, the longing page of youth, the faces you want to see and want to go back
9,The only movie I remember when I don't watch romantic movies.Video me OST is perfect. I think it's director Kwak Jae-yong's representative work.
10,It's sadder when I see it again.
10,
10,I feel the memories of my first love in my heart.
10,
10,I'm 42 years old, and what's really sad is that I don't think there will be a movie like this in my life
10,The best movie of my life. I can't get enough of it.
10,It felt like my heart was closing. Thank you so much
10,
10,It reminds me of my teenage years and my twenties when I think of someone I love Thank you. Classic
10,I saw it again after a long time. Such a beautiful movie.
10,
10,I saw it on the cable just now, and it's the best. I know everything about it, but I was so into it. There's laughter, there's emotion... The scene where I run in the rain against my loved one is the best. Even though I'm a man, I kept crying. What a lovely movie.
10,My favorite movie...A must-see movie before you die
9,It doesn't seem like a sad ending, but tears are flowing
10,It's so much fun. It doesn't feel like 20 years ago
10,
9,If there is a love letter on the next archipelago, there is a classical on this peninsula.
10,I saw it again and it's really detailed. It's a masterpiece
10,My old acting tone and expression are awkward, but even if I look at it again in 2021, I get goosebumps, my heart beats, and I feel that it's a beautiful and sad masterpiece once again
1,Other than the OST, everything else is disappointing.
10,A few years later, I finally saw...It's really a masterpiece...I feel faint in my heart is moving.ㅜㅜ
10,I hope you remastered 4k and re-released it.
10,I finally got to see him todayIt's been a while since I've seen a movieLet's see how long it's been since I cried after the movie "Love Letter"~♡♡
10,Son Yejin was so pretty that I was mesmerized
10,
10,Will I be able to erase all the words that I couldn't say?
10,"I'm the only one who gets rained on when I have an umbrella"
8,I think I've seen it more than ten times. the best movie
10,At first, I came to see Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin, but I know that the real main characters of this movie are Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin.It was a good movie that made me reminisce about my first love for a moment.
10,What happened to the movie theater in 2003? It's weird that we have 18,000 viewers
10,Is this for real that it came out in 2003? If you ask me what is the most impressive movie or movie I've seen in your life, I'll say "Dkla-byul" in British accent.Thank you, director. It was a big aftertaste for me who was 3rd grade in elementary school in 2003 and going through life and transition in 2021.
10,I saw it for the first time today That's cool
10,The OST is the best...
10,I'm in my 40s. I see you often. I can't help but laugh and cry every time to timeThe best movie of my life. I'm watching it again today
10,Whenever I see you, whenever I see you again, I'm touched
10,The scene of Cho Seung-woo and OST running to meet Son Ye-jin panting under the street lamp is the best scene that will never be forgotten
10,
10,It's my life movie.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I saw it now.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I saw it now.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I saw it now.
10,I think it still lingers. I should watch it with my son later
10,a film that will remain a classic forever
10,Story, OST, prime time of actors, acting skills, everything is perfect romance.And comic on top of that...It's a perfect movie.
10,You can say it's a work of your life.
10,
10,I lived abroad at that time, but thanks to my husband, I enjoyed listening to the explanation
10,Why did I watch this now?
10,My life movie! I'm touched no matter how many times I watch it
10,I remember my first love.I missed you so much back thenI remember that time. She wasn't beautiful and innocent, but... First love must be hard to come true. I cried a lot.
10,2000s sentiment is good... Son Yejin is so pretty
10,a movie with nothing to throw away
10,Wow, it's lingering for a long I really enjoyed Son Yejin's loveliness and Cho Seungwoo's simple and cool acting. The love story between the two was so lovely and sad that I cried without realizing it Thank you for the best movie
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,
10,Before the introduction of architecture, there was a classical...
10,The tears that I held back in the world that was hard to live in are all spilled here and I'm leaving.   Thank you.  Thank you for letting me watch a movie.
10,My life's masterpiece. Whenever I see it, my heart...
10,
10,The movie of my life movie. Fatal love is like a stream of water for each other. It's a movie that makes you feel like you're finally meeting each other.
10,Oh, it's so nice.ㅠ
10,It's a masterpiece with all three beats of OST
10,I watched it in June 2021 and it was fun
10,My favorite movie... I cried a lot
10,It's the best moving movie
10,It's my favorite movie ever. ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It leaves a lot of lingering feelings
10,The only movie that the past can be now
10,It's the best Korean melodrama. I can't forget the touching moment I first saw it
10,I watched the movie in 2003 and I bought it on TV today and watched it again, but it is a beautiful movie.Son Yejin was very good at acting then, too
10,I just held on.Why did I watch it now... Really... Wow...
10,Like the title of the movie, it's really classic. It's still a masterpiece.
10,It's so sentimental. It's the best movie I can watch it now
10,A legendary movie with 100 points
10,I think this movie is the standard of Korean melodrama I don't need American high-teen
10,It's really the bestEven though OOO passed by, it still makes my heart ache
5,I dream of pure love again.
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's the best masterpiece
9,No, it's just that we're so... It's so pretty but unfortunate lovecrying
10,I can't believe I'm watching this now.Son Yejin is pretty right now, but Son Yejin is really pretty during her prime
10,It's just a heartbreaking, heartbreaking, breathtaking movie. I'm just happy to be born to watch a movie like this
10,Really... Son Yejin is so famous...
10,The best Korean melodrama. Son Yejin is the best!
10,It's the best.
10,A movie that perfectly harmonizes directing, acting, music, atmosphere, story.
10,It's just the best... It's a masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece. It's so romantic
10,It's a movie that touches the heart of a 23-year-old who hasn't experienced it
10,Romantic pure love for only one person
7,Cho Seungwoo is so cool It's a shame
10,I get so excited whenever a song about riding a bicycle comes out and Junha's acting is so sad
10,I've seen many romance movies, but only three of them are deeply embedded in my head. Laptop, About Time, and the classic I saw today
10,It's a masterpiece. The OST of the real movie is amazing. It's so good that it's one of the top 5 movies of my life. ㅜㅜ!!
10,I sobbed while watching it --T
10,I watched the re-release.An opera full of emotions and joyCan we meet again on the big screen?
10,A romance movie that you can't get enough of
10,Wow... It's a masterpieceㅠㅠ Really ㅠㅠ
10,When I was in middle school with my friend, I remember watching the movie classic for the first time in the theater with tears ㅠㅠ It's sad and touching ㅠㅠ I like the OST song and the music video that I want to watch even after 10 years
10,The talented Son Ye-jin and Jo In-sung also appear, but Cho Seung-woo's eyes are unforgettable.
10,
10,I didn't know when it was released, but since I watched it again on Netflix after 17 years, I don't think there will be a movie like this again.
10,
10,It's a masterpiece from the 2000s that really enjoyed Son Yejin's golden days
10,It's really fun and Son Yejin is so pretty
10,My favorite movie! It's beautiful and touching.Thank you so much to the actors, directors, and staff who made this movie.Every time I see her, I admire and admire her acting and beauty. Her first love itself. If you hadn't appeared in the movie, neither Jihye nor Joohee would have been born as such a masterpiece if you hadn't acted. Is Son Ye-jin the treasure of the Korean film industry that makes the audience cry and laugh with her pretty eyes? Please re-release it properly, not just in a few theaters!
10,Actor Cho Seungwoo's acting skills are perfect in everything crying
10,It was re-released and I watched it at the theater.As expected, classic ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,I can't forget Junha when the street lamp lights up
10,The emotions that I felt at first got stronger I guess it's changed with age It was so goodI cried my eyes out
10,It's just an exclamation
10,It is a beautiful movie.A movie that won't exist again
10,Cho Seungwoo's acting ㅠㅠ the same acting as when he was young
10,I can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now.That's the best
10,It really lingers. There's a reason for a masterpiece.
10,When I watched the movie classic at the age of 29, I was just excited about the love story, but when I watched it again at the age of 47, I kept tearing up and touching my heart.
10,After watching this movie a long time ago, my heart felt heavy and stuffy. After watching the movie, I couldn't move and for a long time I was in a lingering emotion. Today I watched this movie again in OOO bay.Now that I'm middle-aged, watching this movie reminded me of my first love from my immature childhood. It's not a tearful story like the main character in the movie, but I was also heartbroken when I thought of my first love.A beautiful and sad movie that reminds me of my first love, a funny but heartbreaking movie. This is the charm of the movie Classic.  This movie with a lyrical atmosphere has great aftereffects after watching it. A movie that comes to mind from time to time. I think we'll see it again in a few years with the flow of emotions
10,A movie that touches the heart and gently pushes in
10,Me first love, sometimes the people living with pure force of youth, too.
10,I watched this movie when I was 30. I wish I had seen it earlier, but I'm also grateful that I was able to see this movie now that I can fully feel the emotions of the movie. Actor Cho Seungwoo acted so well...I cried my eyes out and had a runny nose. It is a movie that I want to keep for a long time and take out every rainy day.
10,Every time I see it, it's a new touching movie. The best movie
10,The best... Really the best...
10,
10,Sigh... If you don't see it, you're a fool
10,I recommend the movie of my life.
10,A movie to remember for the rest of your life. Good
10,It's still the best movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life. Will there be a romance movie instead of this one?
10,The best, the best, the best
10,It's a masterpiece!
10,
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It was a shame.
9,I was so disappointed when Jo In-sung came out after the line, "You even gave birth to a son."
10,I watched it very emotionally and interestingly, on the one hand, emotional story, great actors, thank you for the good movie!!
10,I think ratings tell the whole story. I compliment myself for watching this movie
10,I've seen a lot of movies during this time, but I feel every time I see that even a movie that everyone else is cheering for can't replace this movie. The scene where you sit in a pavilion with rain and eat watermelon reminds you of a novel shower, and it makes you feel emotional. The story was solid, but the actors' acting was so good that it made you think about the movie, which looked more beautiful and sad Destiny or something like love. A movie that everyone wants to watch
1,The stars were so high, so I watched it and it was just normal, no twists, and it was a movie where Jo In-sung and Ppasoon gave them perfect stars. About 8 points is appropriate.
10,It's just a movie of my life. Everything's perfect
10,Curse necklace ㅠㅠ..It's so sad and touching.It's been over a month. The movie of my life is the best.You're the best
10,Will a movie like this come out again?
10,Cho Seungwoo is so fresh that he became a fresh apple
10,
10,The best movie in our country ㅠㅠ
10,I cried the whole time
10,I didn't know what to say. I lost track of time.Movies that come to mind on rainy days like today.
10,It's a masterpiece that touches you and makes you cry.   I think we'll see each other again next time
10,Lastly, Cho Seungwoo's acting is so sad. I'm a man. I've never cried watching a movie.I cried a lot
4,A movie that copies the legend of autumn. To those who wonder why the movie is so long...
10,When my son grows up, I want to show him 15 years laterI'm so touched.
10,One of the best movies of all time movies! the best movie in the country
10,It was truly moving. Recommend.
10,Even if I watch it now, the best movie, tears...
10,It's the best... It's so touching
10,It's already my 10th time watching a movie. I'm touched every time I watch it
10,I don't think this kind of movie will come out these days I'm so touched
8,I thought that the title of classical music really suits the movie.
10,It's so touchingㅜㅜ
10,
10,I liked all the movies and music videos that remind me of my first love.Tears well up in my eyes thinking about the past
10,The best melodrama of my life. It is beautiful even if you continue to look at it in your 20s, 30s, and 40s.
10,
10,Tae-soo is the main character. Without Taesu, the story couldn't have unfolded itself
10,It's fun even if you watch it in 2021!
10,The best masterpiece of my life that I still look for often
10,That's the standard of authentic melodrama. ^^ Thank you
10,My favorite movie that makes me cry every time I watch it
10,This is crazy. I don't like romance movies, so I'm the winner?Everything ㅠㅠ
10,It's been a while since I watched it and it's so much fun
10,It's unrealistic. I've never seen a guy like Jo In-sung in college. There wasn't even a passing by. Sometimes, I seriously think about what handsome people would do if they weren't celebrities Because there's no man like Jo In-sung around I guess everyone went to be a celebrity  I would have gotten rained on if I were Son Yejin
10,There is no need for words. Just look
10,I can still feel my heart breaking even when I look at it for the third time. It's a trick. Cho Seungwoo, your acting skills, Son Yejin, I'm amazed by your beauty
10,A movie that hurts every time I see it and I can't help but love it
10,It's a movie that makes you feel good
10,It's really my life... It lingers for a long time
10,
10,It's sad and fun to watch again.The actors look fresh and old, and I'm tearing up because I'm watching them because they're old.
10,It's the best. If you haven't watched it, watch itIt's on Netflix, too
10,Kim Kwang Seok's heartbreaking love was not love. It was overlapped with Joo Hee's and Jun Ha's love, so I cried...I'm happy that I've seen pure and pretty love for the first time in a while.
10,The movie classic, which is good to watch on a rainy day, is forever.
10,It really lingers in my mind.
2,Jo In Seong doesn't have the courage to go straight, so why are you slapping Son Yejin for doing well? Why did Cho Seung-woo marry another girl after letting Son Ye-jin go blind? Why do you invite Son Ye-jin to the funeral when you have a wife?
10,The best movie of my life.I don't think I'll ever see a movie like this again.
10,Watching this movie is not a coincidence, but a necessity
10,Pure love is touching.
10,I can't focus on romantic movies. I really enjoyed itI think it's going to be a movie that I want to watch every year after year
9,Classic itself. It's so good even now
10,
10,Even now, I'm watching Netflix again...I've seen it like 10 times.Every time I see it, I'm touched
10,timeless sensibility
10,It's a classic melodrama.The movie that featured Cho Seung-woo.A dim memory of the first love that could not be achieved, written in the age of innocence.Open up the pages of your memories and feel the calm emotionsThis movie tells us that tears of emotion are not luxury.
10,A Korean sentimental movie. A movie that brings back old memories. Missing you. I guess I'm old now.
10,
10,I know it's a famous movie, but it's my first time watching it, and it's really my life movie... It's so warm and beautiful The movie itself was just ㅠㅠ crying from time to time...
10,The movie is well over 10 years old, but the sad feelings of love are still felt today. If there is a Japanese love letter movie, there is classical music in Korea
10,I don't use reviews, but I was so touched when I saw it today!
10,If you want to cry, watch it no matter what
10,
10,The best movie of my life... The movie I watched when I was in high school
10,Watching the replay several times over a few years reminds me of my dim adolescence and makes me cry. One of my favorite movies
10,I don't need to say anything about my life. The OST is perfect
10,I watch it about 20 times and it's a masterpieceWhen will I watch a movie like this...
10,The 2003 movie... There's not a single point for this. Especially for "I guess"... I definitely did one or three parts. Three
10,Will there be another sentimental movie like this in the future?
10,
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen at dawn.
10,
10,If you haven't seen it, please watch it
10,It's just... It's so, so, so perfect
10,
10,My favorite movie is always touching
10,It was so much fun! My favorite movie of my life
10,I think it's the best melodrama.
10,I watched it without any expectations, but it made my heart throb and I couldn't get out of it for a whileCome on
10,
10,I shouldn't have just looked for the necklace
10,It's a movie that makes you think of it and take it out. When I first saw it in middle school, I thought it was boring, but as time goes by, the longer I look at it, the more and more. It's warm and lovely.
10,If you're Korean, make sure to watch it My wife said she didn't watch it, so I watched it again. I'll give you a rating
10,My heart aches strangely just by looking at Son Ye-jin's face.
10,The best movie of my life ㅠㅠ
10,I watched it twice and cried twice
9,12.12.16 No one will cry while watching this.
10,It's one of the movies of my life.  Real murderous acting skills and engrossing stories and sadness.
10,The best movie that I've watched for 2 hours, even though I couldn't watch it because I was bored
8,It's just good... It's so good. The movie is full of acting and music, especially the expressions of the actors.
9,I watched it too late. I should've watched it sooner
10,I watched the movie I watched in college with my 12-year-old son again. Thank you for the sad but beautiful movie.'
10,I saw it 10 years ago and recently, but it's really touching  These days, it is hard to see such a jewel-like movie again.
10,The best movie I've ever seen in my life, even a masterpiece. I've seen many movies, but I don't think there's a movie that lingers this long
10,It's just my favorite movie.crying
10,I happened to see this movie on Netflix and it is the movie that I cried the most in my life.It was such a good movie?
10,It's 2021. It's fun to watch it againㅠ
10,
10,The best melodrama... Top
10,Actor Cho Seungwoo's acting is... I dare to think that I would be the best actor in the past, now, and in the future
4,When I saw this, I laughed because I was dumbfounded. He's crying!Are you going to cry?  Laughing at the scene where you can't see at the end
10,The content is good and touching. Above all, Son Yejin is so pretty
10,Painful love and pure feelings
10,I watched it for the first time in 2021. I want to live in that era
10,A movie that's always good to watch
10,It's a beautiful movie. There are many movies like this clear soul, so I hope you can make people's hearts warm and pure.
10,I don't know how many times I watched it, but I cry every time I see it
10,Tears of emotion...Beautiful and pure love and friendship flutters... I'm so touched
10,A movie that shows that a masterpiece is a masterpiece even if the times change, it is absolutely the best.
9,I saw Manyang when I was young, so I thought Joohee would be dead in the present, but now I read the plot again, it was a trip abroad Then, is it your destiny to take over the son of your past first love as your son-in-law?That's a terrible fate ㅠㅠ Now that I think about it, the tragedy of the parents was the basis of the children's fruits
10,Except for Jo In Seong's acting, everything is perfect! Would it have been better if it was Jo In Sung's acting? I could feel the freshness of the top stars now.
10,A movie that I watched while crying because I don't like romance movies
10,Seungwoo is the cutest^^
10,A movie that I watch with a fan on when the sun sets in July
2,The production is really good. But the trite childishness of the time was a little too much.
10,
10,No matter how many times I see you, you're the best! I cried the whole time I saw you
10,Son Yejin is so pretty, Cho Seungwoo is handsome, and it's just an eye-pleasing classic? When I want to watch a movie,
10,
10,It is a lyrical and beautiful movie of my life that I want to see again and again.
10,The movie that I came across as an adult when I was young is classic, but not tacky, leaving a deep impression of a great masterpiece
10,Life movie, love is the best human emotion
10,Cho Seungwoo, Son Yejin, Jo Inseong's prime time...It's so pretty and cool...
10,
10,A movie that still makes me cry
10,
10,Life movie. I don't need to say anything else
10,Yejin that I liked back thenIt's so lovely
10,
10,
10,
10,The best movie ever!
10,Now that I've seen it, it was a masterpiece.
10,
10,
10,I miss being this innocent
1,There were echoes in the scenes, but it's not possible
10,I heard it was a masterpiece, so I cried twiceIt's a masterpiece to the point where I thought I shouldn't have watched it but looked for similar movies
10,Everything is perfect.
10,
10,Their love made even the hearts of the beholder mournful. It's a very painful love story of people who love and love.
10,It's my first movie review.I feel like I've traveled through time for a while to feel the pure emotions of my first love and the moments that I can't go back and feel again. Thank you.
10,The best movie of my life movie.The video and the main character are all beautiful. I just saw them and I miss them again
10,Thank you so much to me for watching this movie by chance :)
10,It is not called a masterpiece of Korean romance for no reason. The story is solid, and the movie at that time has excellent visual beauty. Especially, Cho Seung-woo's acting ability made the movie stand out more.
10,The release date was January 2003. It was when I was a senior in high school.If I had seen this then...
10,The release date was January 2003. It was when I was a senior in high school.If I had seen this then...
10,
10,It's an old movie, but it's so complete. Directing, acting, OST, everything is perfect
10,It's a movie where you're surprised by Yejin's acting, Seungwoo's acting, and Jo Inseong's acting
10,It's a masterpiece. Son Yejin's unchanging beauty is the most impressive. I think it'll last for a long time.
10,I hope it's re-released in theaters
10,I'm a 17-year-old high school student in 2021. I miss this atmosphere and the times I've never felt
10,The best movie...
10,It's my first life movie to write a rating. When I have a child, I want to show it to you and teach you classical and pure love
10,The best movie ever! It's so fun even after watching it many times.
10,I understand why people play classical music.
10,Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's acting is legendary
10,I love how fresh and pretty Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo areOf course, movies are so good~~^^
10,Everything is legendary. His acting was crazy.I keep thinking about Son Yejin's crying acting.  I came to see Jo In Seong, but I fell in love with Cho Seung Woo... Ah... It's still lingering...
10,OOO movie before... Even now, it's not tacky and it's so touching. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin are still at the top. All I can say is that it's great.
10,I didn't know that background music was this important. It seems to increase the completeness of the movie by 200%.
10,It's fun. Son Yejin's voice. Her face is so pretty
10,I cried a lot after watching a movie that was really sad and touched my emotions, and it's still heartbreaking and touching when I still remember this movie
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,
10,
10,The movie that made me watch Cho Seungwoo again
10,The film became a classic
9,It's the essence of Korean romance
10,In 2003. It was the first movie I watched with my first love. A beautiful and sad movie that I will never forget
10,The movie that lingers for a long time
10,The best melodrama where you can feel the sorrowful and loving first love!
10,Everything is perfect.It's a movie full of fun and touching moments even if you watch it over and over again and over again, I can't even remember how many times I watched it.
10,
10,The best movie of my life... I hope it's re-released ㅜㅜ
10,It's the greatest work of my life
10,It's the best movie of my life. I've never seen a movie that lingers this long
10,It's a little late to watch this movie for the first time, but... But it was such an honor to see you at an age when you knew more about love.
10,It's always touchingㅜㅜㅜㅜ Cho Seungwoo's acting is beyond words It makes us feel more affectionate...!
9,
10,With Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting, you get 10 points♡
10,Cho Seung Woo is so good at acting!
10,
10,It was not love that hurt so much.
10,I like everything, even the OST
10,I watched it again after 15 years, and now I'm more touched as an adult.The actors' acting is so good and the visuals are so pretty.I think it will work in the global market.Son Yejin is irreplaceable!
10,The movie that made me cry because I hated romance
10,On January 16, 2021, two years later, it is the best sensitivity movie of the 2000s that stimulates the emotions of various generations, even though it has been 20 years.
10,I love this masterpiece It's good to see it now
10,
10,My favorite movie. It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Top 5 Korean movies
10,It's a masterpiece of ㅜㅜ that's fun to watch
10,The classic scenes are so beautiful.I love the OST. It's a beautiful movie no matter how many times I watch it^^
10,Directing, acting, story, video, meost. It's so perfect that you can't choose any of them as a point of appreciation. My favorite movie
10,It's been well over 10 years, but it's not tacky again and again, but it's still classic...
10,Everything's a perfectly good movie.
10,I love movies and music that make my heart flutter even after 10 or 15 years
10,If you watch the movie when you are depressed, you can find innocence, longing, cleanliness, and youth. The best movie in Korea.
10,It's touching no matter how many times I see it.  Even though I already know the story, every time I see it, I feel so sad that I cry.
10,A movie that doesn't deserve 10 stars. A really beautiful movie
10,Textbook for Korean Movie Melo
10,I can feel the unadorned love from the rough development.  I'm going to take it out next time
10,Story video. Son Yejin, Cho Seungwoo, acting, and directing are all shining
10,It's even more touching to see you when you're 50
10,Why wasn't this movie a hit?One more movie of my life has been added!
10,It's fun to watch it 10 times
10,Movies these days don't seem to be able to bring out this emotion. It's an old movie, but it has the best quality.
10,A classic that's always touching
10,
10,It's so much fun even now.Son Yejin is pretty then and now.
10,I've watched it 20 times more. It's a masterpiece of Korean movies that is not enough to express emotions
10,One of my life's works.
10,It is by far the best melodrama.
10,It's a movie of my life that I don't get tired of watching and want to keep watching.
10,
10,Korean melodrama? If you don't know classical music, let's not call it a melodrama.
10,
10,It's a masterpiece that makes my dry emotions fluctuate all the time
10,It's been a while since I watched my favorite movie at school. It's more fun
9,It's not tacky, it's classic.It's like a line from this movie
10,
10,I don't need words... the best...
10,Everything is perfect. It's always funㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,
10,Cho Seungwoo is really good at acting
10,
10,It's the best. the best five
10,Just look at the young ones. There is no movie beyond this movie yet
10,
10,This movie reminds me of the memories of 2003 when the movie was released.
3,
10,
10,
10,A beautiful but poignant love story. If you are desperate, love will come true somehow.
10,It's my first time getting a rating. The best movie ever ㅠㅠㅠㅠHow much I cried ㅠㅠㅠㅠ Cho Seungwoo is a legend. hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
10,
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you cry even if you follow Cho Seung-woo's film. You were perfect in 24 years. Respect!
10,
10,Top
10,Do you still have this kind of love?It is a love story that is so famous for its background music and representative work that brings back the purest emotions of the time from the 60s to the 80s
10,Isn't it so touching? I recommend it. ㅠㅠ
10,Except for Jo In-sung's poor acting, everything is perfect. Cho Seung-woo's eyes and Son Ye-jin's eyes tell everything about this movie
10,It's so touching to watch it againcrying
10,
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in my life♡
10,The movie is amazing
10,That's the best. I've seen you 10 times in 30 years
10,
10,It's my favorite movieㅜㅜ
9,a movie that is sure to be a masterpiece
10,I think I've seen 100 of them, but I keep crying.
10,Son Ye-jin said she was 21 years old when she was filming the movie, and she was pretty because she was in her prime. It's a painful sound, but even her acting skills... It's truly a masterpiece, but she looks so great that I wonder when another actress of Son Ye-jin will come out.
10,
10,It's so touching!I can't get enough of the movie again. I want to watch it again even after watching it for the fourth time.Actors' acting skills are amazing. Son Yejin, Cho Seungwoo, Lee Kiwoo, Joyon's acting is amazing. The OST plays a part. There are no touching and heartbreaking movies these days
10,Of course, it is the best movie I have seen recently. Why did I watch it now?
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that's touching and lovely no matter how many years you watch it
10,
10,Yejin is older sister...Your smile is so beautifulㅜㅜ
10,It's the best scene from the beginning to the endEven if I watch it more than 10 times, one side of my heart is touching, Son Yejin.Seungwoo's acting was perfect, too
10,
10,
10,Son Ye-jin is beautiful and pretty.
10,If it came out now, the audience would have easily exceeded 5 million! It's the most touching!
10,
10,1234566789 The movie that I happened to see in the movie theater when I was in college.I think I've seen it dozens of times.I am always touched.
10,
10,
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting skills are amazing!Son Yejin was so pretty.The music is so good!
10,It's sadder to see you after a long time. Junha! Even if I keep looking at you, tears come out every time I see you
10,Seeing Ji-hye running knowing that Sang-min likes her makes me happy.
10,I saw a movie review yesterday and I cried while watching it. As soon as I got home, I watched the full video again. It's a movie that everyone wants to watch at least once.As soon as I see it, I miss the age of analog and want to have pure love. It makes me cry. I hope you watch it once and it becomes your life movie
10,
10,It leaves a lot of lingering feelings.It's a movie that I'll never have a rival in the future.
10,Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, Jo In-sung, Lee Ki-woo, Seo Young-hee, and made a beautiful story with good actors
10,At least there's no Korean melodrama like this! I strongly recommend it!
10,It's just a perfect movie.♥♥
10,
10,
10,The best romance movie of my life. I don't get tired of it
10,It's kind of flowing into a new school, but it's also beautiful.
10,There's no need to say I was really impressed.
10,
10,I'm older than 40, but I watched it when I was in my 20s and I'm still crying.
10,
10,Obvious story, but faint visual beauty and music that catches you off guard, tears that you get even when you know it
10,Is there a movie this pure?
10,
7,I was moved and it wasn't fun.--
10,There's no need for words. Really...
10,
7,A movie that takes my tears. The more you understand the story, the more touching it becomes.
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin from those days make my heart cry
10,What a great movie!
1,
10,
10,
1,It's definitely a fun, well-made movie. However, it is hard to understand that it is higher than Christmas in August. Adjust the furnace rating. Haha
10,I think of Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin more than Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin. I think it'll be Seolrae and fresh every time I see it
10,
10,The Eternal Classic of Korean Cinema! Can a movie like this come out again?
10,
9,
4,I don't know why the rating is so high. Too far-fetched storytelling and clumsy acting.Son Yejin's looks are nothing to look at all
10,Every time I watch my favorite movie of my life, I feel emotional and sad
10,
10,
10,
10,Junha is so pure and warm that my heart goes... ㅠㅠ
10,I watched the movie released in 2003 as a college student. I cried and laughed while watching the movie. It's so nostalgic and lingering. It's different from the melodrama of today, and it feels like a fresh and pure love movie. I think I found my favorite movie.
10,It's tacky, childish, cheesy, but it's been almost 20 years, and it's so nice, exciting, beautiful, and sad.ㅠㅠ It is regrettable that I have finally learned about such a masterpiece. Why didn't I know this masterpiece when it was re-released? I used to think it was cheesy, but it's a life movie. It's fun... Make sure to watch it ㅠㅠ
10,
10,It's an emotion that I can't express in words. It's a beautiful piece that I want to keep for a long time
10,Even after the movie, the emotion lingers and keeps coming to mind.I think only a famous painting can make a smiley face teary all the time
10,
1,I just watched it and slept
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,It is a movie that leaves a lingering impression in my heart. As a fan of Cho Seung Woo, the second half is especially heartbreaking. And the OST also played a part
10,Tears welled up. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's great acting was the best. Thank you for the fresh Jo In-sung. It's a great movie.I hope you watch it.
10,Oh... I thought it was an old movie, so I definitely saw it.I finally saw it nowI can't believe I'm watching a movie like this now ㅠㅠ
10,The movie that I watched after 17 years. I wish I could watch it with her.It's a movie that makes you think a lot about the past and it's really fun. I hope it'll be remade
7,My daughter's connecting for my mother
9,Classic is something that comes to mind over time
7,an innocent classic
10,Lots of mise-en-scene and directing equipment. And the OST that melts into every scene. It's the ultimate romance movie in Korea
10,Just... Son Yejin. The end
10,The more I see it, the more new it is
10,It's so touching...
10,Why did I finally see this masterpiece?
10,I think it's the best movie I've ever seen.It's too bad that I saw it now.The small emotions in the movie touched me so much. Even after midnight, my heart still flutters and at the same time, I feel lonely. I'm so thankful for this movie!@
10,
10,You can't beat classical music even if you play other romance movies in your lifetime. I cried my nose out.
10,I'm so touched when I can't believe it. It's Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's heartbreaking love.I love the OST too
10,The best movie about my first love!
10,
10,
10,It's a great movie.A movie that you never get tired of...
10,What kind of eyes does this director have? Jo In-sung, Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo. I can't believe I'm making a movie like this before it's all up. They're all top actors
10,From the beginning to the end, I cried a lot. My Life's Classic ㅠ
10,
10,All I can say is classic.Cho Seungwoo's eyes, Son Yejin's tears, and smile
10,
10,Really ㅠㅠ I can't get out of it.. ㅠㅠ
10,Cho Seungwoo's lovely eyes and Son Yejin's eyes with the universe
10,
10,The sensibility of the best melodramatic movie of my life is unrivaled
10,
10,The greatest masterpiece of all time
10,
10,Directing, acting, story, video, meost, not missing a single one, five stars...Twice in a row
10,Wow, I recommend a really fun movie^^
10,It's a famous painting that shows the pure and innocent emotions of young men and women in the movie "The Times that are good to watch again!
10,
10,It's become the best movie of my life that I've seen again
7,
10,Cho Seungwoo, irreplaceable melodramatic master ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
7,I watched the movie because I saw so many compliments, but it seems childish and like reading a fairy tale book in 2020 with modern sensibility.Other than Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin, all the acting was awkward.The song was good
10,They're just asking if Son Yejin is John.I'm just kidding. Awesome
10,
10,If I re-release this, it might reach 5 million
10,It was the best movie I've seen recently.
10,I watched a movie over 10 years ago today. It's so pure love that I'm so sad. I think it's a masterpiece
10,They are awkward acting now, but there are a lot of emotions from that time. Also, there are so many elements that cannot be seen in movies now. It's so touching.
10,No matter how many times I see it, I cry every time I see it.
10,It's fun to watch it again after 17 years.
10,It was perfect until the end
10,
10,It's the best movie of my life. It was impressive ㅠ
10,My mom watched it on TV today, so I watched it for the first time. I've been watching it for several times. But even if I keep watching, too
10,
10,
10,
10,I love you, Cho Seungwoo. I'm Lee Jun Ha Jin Guk
10,I wonder why I've seen this now.I laughed for a long time and the last one was ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,
10,As the title says, classic... I feel like I'm getting a fever after the movie. At the end, there was goosebumps and emotions in the twist, and even more goosebumps and emotions came in that the letter was a double track.I think I will be in love like a movie hero for a while.
10,
10,I love this kind of sentiment. It's fun to watch it again
10,
10,
10,Oh Junha, I love you
10,
10,It's a movie that makes you feel so pretty and pure
10,
10,
10,It's a masterpiece movie that you watch when you're about to forget
10,It's the best movie. The standard of first love
10,I'm so touched! I can't get enough of it even if I watch it three times.Son Yejin's beauty is crazy and Cho Seungwoo is so cute.Not to mention their acting. The background music is so artistic
1,Something different from what I think about than me
10,There's a unique vibe from the early 2000s I watched it with my first love in college, but every time I see it again, I remember that feeling and my heart still flutters when I listen to the OST If I had to pick Oketi for this perfect movie, I'd pick Jo In-sung.
10,How much I cried the whole time...It's sadder to see it again after 15 years.
10,It's the best. There's a lot of old moviesㅠ
10,I'm here to get the owner of the umbrella.It's a movie that makes me cry at dawn and want to watch it with my half.
10,There are people who haven't seen this movie, but there is no one who has seen it once.Those in their 30s and 40s who watched the movie can't help but cry.
9,It's a movie that makes you sad and affectionate with little touch
10,
10,If you ask me what my favorite movie is, it's Classic in the top 3
10,Even if I don't like Korean movies, it's a masterpiece and it's sentimental and emotional. The background music is good, the song is good, the actor is good, everything is good
8,
10,
10,What movie do you want to watch 10 years from now?
8,The story is also a story, but it's so pretty.
10,
10,The time that everyone will experience, the time to feel alive and breathing, where will this time take me?
10,
10,17 years ago, when I was 23 years old, I watched it in the theater, and now I have tears and runny nose. Son Yejin's freshness back then...I can't put it into words.
10,It's not the end of a movie where you can see young Son Ye-jin, Jo In-sung, and Cho Seung-woo, but a movie that you really want to see two or three times. It's so touching because of one spotless pure love.
10,I think more than half of Son Yejin's cast
10,
10,A movie that will never be forgotten.
10,A movie that I want to love
9,There's a slight difference between tacky and classic
10,2020 09 22 No Korean romance movie has been released yet.
10,
10,It is a masterpiece of a masterpiece that will remain in the Korean romance film industry forever. Will there be a romance movie with first love that will win this movie?
10,This movie was filmed by Son Ye-jin during her heyday. It's so touching and touching that I'm so grateful that I was born in the same year as this movie. Actor Son Yejin, thank you so much for filming this drama.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. Even if I look at it again in a decade, tears ㅠㅠ
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Son at this time is called "Legis" but Jo In Seong is "R"... That's so cool.
10,
10,It felt like I experienced my parents' generation indirectly Son Yejin, Cho Inseong, Cho Seungwoo's acting and singing were great It's my first time to get a rating like this, and I thought about if I were born in that era There's something I want to re-release at the theater As I watched the movie, I felt more sincere and moved when I saw the scene where I exchanged letters while communicating with electronic devices such as modern smartphones I saw Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin running around in their clothes on a rainy day. The scene with Cho Seung-woo is even sadder. I think I got the impression that the dating style was like that I've never been very impressed by a movie because I didn't have a movie of my life, but I was very impressed by this classic, and it was a movie that was so good that the formula of my life movie was weak.
10,I'm leaving a comment because it's still lingering I made it a few years ago. Looking at it now, it's full of videos and he's so good at acting. Because of this, I almost fell in love with Cho Seung Woo
10,
7,A movie that blends Ost and video well. The production is not dense, but the story is beautiful.
10,It expressed the Korean sensibility of the time too well.
10,
10,I enjoyed watching it
10,It's the best. See you in 2020Hwang Si-mok test is like a story from the past. I was more immersed in it
10,The task of the 21st century is to produce a work that surpasses this work.
10,Why do you like this movie? If you ask me, I'll just have a warm little smile and... I think I'd say
10,
10,There's no need for words Everything is perfect
10,It was the best scene for 2 hours.
10,It's a movie that makes you cry from the beginning
10,
10,I love this old sentimental feeling ㅜㅜ OST is so perfect, Cho Seungwoo, Cho Inseong are so handsome, Son Yejin is a real goddess + good actor since then.
10,The sadness that such a time will never come again no matter how many times I look back on it, and the brilliance that I can meet it through video. It's a movie that makes me cry even when I see the ending
9,
10,a film masterpiece that will be remembered
10,Cho Seungwoo's emotional acting is beyond words I was laughing with him when he made Son Ye-jin laugh
10,Night where I miss Junha who loves Joohee
9,The best scene is a movie that you can't get tired of even if you watch it again and again
10,
10,It's such a great movie. I didn't know it was a movie before I was born. If you were surprised, I was watching all of Cho Seung Woo's film. It's a shame that I didn't know this movie until now. Son Ye Jin and Cho Seung Woo acted so well. ㅠㅠ
10,Why did I see this today?
10,It's good to watch your favorite movie again
10,I think this movie is the best melodrama in the Korean movie industry
10,There's a reason why I listen to masterpieces.It's a famous scene, so it's hard to capture it in my eyes. I'm tearing up after seeing the ending. Make sure to watch it! It's a masterpiece
9,I fell in love with actors Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo, and dung beetle and fireflies... It reminds us of the pure nature that is being forgotten in colorful lights and urban buildings, and the images of us in those days. First love, I don't know what this is... The thing that you suspect is love...Isn't this love? a thought-provoking classic
10,
10,
10,I started my career as a noncommissioned officer in 2003 and now I've seen a movie that I've only seen as a letter paper. 17 years later, I became a father of two children...It reminds me of my first love
10,Why did I watch this now? I only knew the song and the meme. I didn't think it was an old movie, but I liked everythingㅜㅜ It's like one of my life
10,I can't stop cryingㅠㅠ 역시 As expected, I don't get tired of watching my life movie every time, and I cry every time I watch itㅠㅠT
10,
10,
10,
10,Son Yejin is one of the top 5 Korean movies. She is so pretty.
10,
10,One of my favorite movies
10,
10,It was really, really fun
10,I love you, Cho Seungwoo.
10,Wow, can a movie like this really come out again? Your acting and OST are perfect.
10,It's really the best. Best movie of my life. I'm not going to see any movies like this.
10,It's a movie that captures your first love well enough to make you feel nauseous.It's a movie that touches my heart even after 10 years and 20 years.
10,Even if you look at it now, classical music.The fresh story leaves a deep impression, and the intro of the OST makes you cry. ^^
10,In 2003, I was too young to watch a movie. As an adult now, I watched classical music and could feel the old sensibility and OST pure love that I couldn't feel at that time, and I could feel the heartbreaking love now and shed tears There is a reason why the rating is high
10,Will a movie that fits this well come out in Korea again?The inevitable love story that I thought was a coincidence
10,I cry every time I see it. I love it I feel like I lived in those days. I don't think I'll ever see a movie this big again
10,
10,A movie that you can't miss out on. It's been a while since I've seen it again, and there's a reason why it's still being talked about It's the best.
10,Wow, I saw it for the first time after I was 29I'm so touched at this late hour
10,
6,It would have been nice if Jo In Seong didn't take out his necklace at the end
10,Literally classic. Perfect movie
10,
10,I really don't rate a movie, but I just watched it and it's a very touching movie.I'm a senior in high school and I won't be able to concentrate on my studies ㅠㅠ
10,
10,
10,Thank you.
10,
10,
10,Korean novels have showers and Korean movies have classical music.
10,It was great in 2003, but it's even better
9,I was surrounded by good feelings the whole time I watched
9,Cho Seungwoo's acting skills are really...
10,ㅠㅠ I'm sorry that I have to buy this kind of movie now
10,
10,My heart aches. To the point of believing that fate really exists.
10,
10,
10,I think it's the best movie
10,
10,
1,I'll watch it without Ost and Son Yejin. Get on my back! I'm so bored!
8,While watching this movie, it reminds me of the feelings I had when I first met my loved one. Also, it was so good that I felt pure love that I thought of the novel 'Downpour' work!! Son Ye-jin's early 20s is unparalleled and it was good to see him often playing two roles per person. However, it is a little disappointing that there is no strong impact right after watching the movie. Rather, it may be a charm. But a good movie with such an impact, there's bound to be something memorable long after you watch it. But it's... Unfortunately, the most memorable scene is the theme song of "To You, To Me, You?" LOL The song was that intense, and it's still being remade.
9,It's just fun... A masterpiece... A movie that has a great vibe and video quality from an old movie
10,It just can't be better
10,Actor, story, OEST, video, and beauty are all perfect. It's a life-time movie that I want to watch every time I see it.
10,
10,
10,Son Ye-jin's beauty is just crazy ㅠㅠ The story and acting are perfect ㅠㅠ
9,It's love to send my hand away because I'm ashamed of it.
10,There are so many pretty scenes and actors' acting Of course, it is very sad that I didn't see it in the movie theater, but it gave me a lot of energy. And I was very happy to see Son Ye-jin in this movie
10,It started with Cho Seungwoo and ended with Cho Seungwoo.
10,Who became a fan after watching "Secret Forest" and came to see it because of Cho Seungwoo?
10,
10,Crazy. The best romance of my life
10,
10,
10,I was so touched by the movie. It was my type!
10,Why do I cry so much after the movie? I don't know...
10,My favorite movie is a movie that makes my heart explode. I want to love with this kind of excitement.
10,I cried ㅠㅠ so funny
10,Class is forever :) It's so nice to see you again today
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,It feels like I watched a legendary movie after a long time ㅜㅜ I cried and laughed, and it became my life movie Although the movie was made when I was born, it is really fun
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even after watching it 10 times. The most touching movie. a Korean narrative The best movie of my life with a perfect story and actors.Thank you for the good movie.
10,It's a movie that makes your heart clean and fresh
10,I cried for the first time in a whileㅠㅠ Son Yejin is so pretty and Cho Seungwoo is so good at acting
10,10 points... 10 points!
10,Title, "Classic" is perfect
10,Even though it's my first time seeing it in 2020, it was perfect and touching
9,It was a movie that came out when I was in elementary school. I was young, so I only knew about the famous OST and rain scene. After that, I watched the classic movie, but I stopped watching what was boring in the beginning. I wanted to watch it again this time, but I didn't know it would be so touching. ㅠㅠ The word 'masterpiece' really suits this movie
10,
10,I didn't expect much because I don't like romance, but it's so fun and sad ㅠㅠ
10,It's the best movie of my life. I cried a lot  I don't know why I'ㅠㅠ Make sure you watch it
10,
10,Seungwoo's acting has been real since then  The lines are all ugly, but it feels like it's been a while since I saw a proper melodrama
10,
10,
10,The prettiest romance movie I've ever seen
10,When I watch my favorite movie, I cry. It's a movie that I don't get tired of
10,
10,I just saw this movie now...
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it
10,You did a great job watching without knowing anything. Tears and runny nose
1,It's not that fun. Does love exist in Korea with materialistic academicism? I don't know if that's why this kind of movie comes out. The dirt spoon is between the dirt spoon and the gold spoon, but these things are broken these days, so even the dirt spoon women avoid marrying the dirt spoon men... When a man loses his ability or a woman gets old and ugly, he gets divorced a lot. Love movies are not suitable for ugly Koreans. I want to make a more realistic movie.
10,ㅜㅜㅜㅜ Best ㅜㅜㅜㅜ I watched it recently, but I wonder why I watched it now.Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo are the best.
10,A sad but pretty movie.a movie that won't stop crying
9,Except for Jo In Seong's acting skills, it's a perfect movie
10,I just like it inexplicably
10,Personally, I think the three most representative Asian melodrama is "Classic" in Korea, "Secret" in Taiwan, and "Going to Meet Now in Japan!"
10,
10,
10,
10,I couldn't watch it when it was released, but I watched it again. Unlike when I was young, when I watched it again after I was in my 30s, I think it's the movie that makes my heart cry and cry the most. While watching this movie, I not only rekindled my emotions, but also made my emotions completely like soft tofu.I think watching this movie now will be the turning point of my life! For your information, I cried 5 times when I saw it again.LOL
10,I'm going to watch it. I was thinking about watching it. I watched it this time and it was so impressive. I think I know why it's called the best movie of my life
10,
10,I'm waiting for the re-release the best movie
10,
10,Cho Seung-woo, when he appears breathing heavily under the street lamp, I hear the sound of an acoustic guitar to you... I was really happy.
10,클래 The title is... Why is it so perfect? I keep thinking about the word "classic is classic". I think of this movie whenever it's a certain season. Especially... No matter what role Cho Seungwoo plays, Junha keeps overlapping The aftereffects are so big. How many times have you exceeded them?
9,It's the best movie with an audience of 150 thousand!It should be at least 1.5 million
10,
10,
10,Son Yejin is so pretty... I think I really watch it 20,000 times crying
10,
10,My favorite movie. I watched it for the first time when I was a middle school girl. I think I watched it 100 times more after that. At that time, my friends liked Jo In-sung, but I liked Cho Seung-woo. He is now Hwang Si-mok and musical star, great..! Son Ye-jin no need to say.. The acting of "first love for the people" would suit him even now. That's why the North Korean army has a crush on them. Everyone will fall in love if they see Ye-jin, a girl who says everything she wants to say. Famous OSTs and talked about scenes. It's just a beautiful fairy tale movie, not tacky to watch now. Last year, when the classic was re-released, I felt a generation gap when a junior at the company went to see the movie for the first time. There are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who's seen it If you are accustomed to action movies, how about a light movie after a long time? The moment you watch it, it will be your life movie.
10,It's a movie that's so touching even after time passes!The story is fresh and nice
9,
10,It's 2020. There is still no movie to catch up with classical music
10,
10,
10,I've never seen a movie so lingering. Why did I watch it now?
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that makes me feel like I'm the winner in 2020
10,It's so touching to watch it again
10,
10,
10,It's definitely the best
10,
10,It's such a touching storyㅠㅠT
10,
10,
10,You can't make a movie like this?It's the best no matter how many times I look at it, whether I listen to it or not. The best movie of my time...
10,It's the best movie of my life Watching Cho Seungwoo, Son Yejin, and Jo Inseong here is a luxury movie
10,It's one of the top five movies in Korea. It lingered for a long time The song is good and the atmosphere is good. ♡ Movies like this are precious these days
10,I didn't get to see classical music until 2020Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's first love acting is so beautiful Son Yejin's sad tears were especially touching On the other hand, Cho Seungwoo's bright smile is memorable. Thank you for making me feel a calm fairy tale-like flutter and a heartbreaking love
10,Good. A fresh and pure love movie.
10,
10,
10,It's a masterpiece that I want to see again, with beautiful scenes like watercolor paintings and touching acting by the main actors!
10,Junha... ㅜㅜ Joohee...ㅜㅜ
10,I've seen this movie several times, but it's touching every time I see it
10,It's a masterpiece many times.
10,It's an old movie, but it's touching
10,It's a masterpiece.but now that I'm in my teens, 20s, and 30s, it's even worse
10,22-year-old Son Ye-jin is just too pretty. I watched it as Jooha ㅜㅜ
10,
10,It's a movie that makes me cry and moved no matter how many times I watch it again
10,
10,
10,Son Yejin is pretty
5,It's just an old romance.
10,
10,The best movie of my life
10,I cried a lot after watching it for the first time in a long time.I only knew the best scenes, so I didn't know the other contents, but I hope you all know that the hidden stories make you cry more. I recommend a masterpiece from the time when it was hard to come back to Korea
10,Son Yejin's acting was amazing At that age
10,The rating given to Cho Seung-woo is not that he was 9 Son Ye-jin, Jo In-sung 1. He was bad at acting, but how could Cho Seung-woo, who was able to act like this at the age of 28 at the time... And I really respect the music director. The fact that you found the music like this is the best.
10,Cho Seungwoo, Cho Seungwoo, Cho Seungwoo, Cho Seungwoo. How can he act like that in his 20s? It's just amazing
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I watch it...
10,The OST is good and the story is really great
10,I can't get enough of my favorite movies
10,
10,
10,My life's melodrama... It's a movie that makes you want to have a pure and precious love. ㅠㅠ
6,You're forcing yourself to cry.I think a seven-point rating would be appropriate. It's not her bizarre natural development...
10,
10,Son Yejin's prime time is irreplaceable.Representative of Analog Emotional Films
10,It's the second time I watch it, but I'm also moved by the OST
10,Touching itself, the most touching and sad movie I've ever seen
10,A movie you must watch before you die.
10,I'm just so excited.Cho Seungwoo, I love you! It's a masterpiece
9,A movie that reminds me of a rainy day.
10,
10,Why did I watch this movie now? I cried the most out of all the movies I've ever seen.
9,The before and after process of Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin running in the rain is a real famous scene.
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,No need to say the best movie ㅜㅜ
10,It's been almost 20 years, but I loved itSon Yejin is so pretty and she's the right character for the movie. It reminds me of my old days and my first love
10,A movie that makes me cry every time I see it.
10,Life movie... Beautiful story, beautiful music, and Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting skills. Lee Ki-woo's comic acting was also good. The romantic Jo In Seong just did everything in the rain
9,It's such a beautiful and lingering movie.  I think it's definitely number one in a romantic movie
10,Wow... I was so amazed by it. The development went in an unexpected direction, so it was so much fun. It's a pure romance itself.
10,Everyone says it's a classic, but I put it off. I watched it for the first time when I was 22 years old. But I couldn't get out of it. I cried a lot and slept
10,
10,
10,Son Ye-jin's romantic acting is overwhelming.
10,It's a sad but pretty movie
10,I cried a lot when I watched the movie that I wanted to watch two or three times
10,It's the movie of my life movie. I can't get rid of the lingering feeling. The OSTs are great. Especially in the scene where Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo met, I cried a lotcrying
10,
10,Son Yejin is the prettiest Korean movie in the world
10,Son Yejin is so pretty and good at acting
10,Make sure to watch the best movie of your life movie Really ㅜㅜ
10,
9,It's a heartbreaking movie to watch again after 17 years. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting skills are really...Kim Kwang-seok's too painful love is not love. It is very touching. Eventually, I was moved by the string of the relationship that followed. But Cho Seungwoo's desperation lingers in my heart
10,You're really the best. Classic...
10,It's touching and beautiful. I wonder if I can watch such a good movie again
10,
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,
10,
8,I watched it again after a long time and it was fun There are a lot of comical parts in between, so I watched it again The music was still touching...
10,My heart was warm the whole time I watched it It was a heart-warming movie
9,A heartwarming and warm movie. Haha
8,
10,
1,The acting is so awkward and the dialogue and story are childish that I can't watch it, but when I see the opposition to the low rating, I think the movie has the emotion of the time or reminded me of my memories of watching the movie.
10,When I think of movies, I still feel sad
10,I remember watching it for the first time when I was 20 years old and I really enjoyed it. I watched it about 10 times and thought of it after a long time, so I watched it again. The OST is the best of all Son Yejin's beauty in her prime is incredible Cho Seungwoo's acting is great but Jo Inseong's acting is cringe lol Is it because she was a rookie? Anyway, it's really fun. There's a story that's too farfetched,
10,
10,It was the best movie ever.I hope that Korean movies will be released more than commercial ones
10,
10,A movie that conveys the emotions of those days
10,If you haven't seen this yet, you need to see it right away It's a masterpiece! A masterpiece!
10,
10,
5,The scene that comes to mind just by listening to the OST. Sometimes he snorts, but I don't think he's hiding his comfortable mind without knowingly.
10,I got goosebumps when Seungwoo turned on the street lights. ♡♡♡
10,What do you need to say? Even the tackiness of the past seems to be a directing.
10,
10,
10,Real life movie ㅠㅠ 1We've been seeing each other for 5 years
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I cried She's crying
10,After 17 years, I don't care, more than that. A movie that is always a masterpiece to me. This movie always makes me sad on a cloudy rainy day
10,I liked it, but 1.5 million viewers. Is this for real?
10,
8,
10,It's very sad that I've seen a movie like this in my life now, but I've seen it now and it tells me the lingering feeling of life
10,It's the best masterpiece of my life. It's new every time I see it in my 20s, 30s, 40s
10,Let's watch "Masterpiece of Life" again today
10,I just watched it on Netflix, but I can't sleep today. What's wrong with Cho Seungwoo's acting? Son Yejin's beauty was so boring. There's a reason for this masterpiece
1,It's a series of forced movies. It's a forced story. It's a forced touching movie. It's more touching when you yawn.
10,
10,The best movie I've ever seen in the military
10,
10,the greatest hit in Korean melodrama history
10,a heartbreaking love story
8,
10,Even after 17 years, the emotion remains the same.
10,It's a masterpiece, so I can't help but give you a rating.I don't think there's a Korean romance movie that goes beyond classical music yet.
10,It's a movie with a good feeling to watch on a rainy day like today. I regret watching this masterpiece now. Not to mention Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting, I love that each OST fits well. It's so sad.
10,Now I've seen this masterpiece.The stories of those days that were so pure make my heart numb
10,It's so much fun
10,A movie that's always exciting and sad
10,
10,
10,Why did I watch that movie now? It's a great movie
10,I think of you.
10,
10,I'm 22. Why did I watch it now? It's different from the movies that come out now
10,No need to say... Life movie
10,Ah... It's so sad. I want to have a love like that It's been a while since I watched a great movie
10,
10,
10,When I first saw it as a teenager, it was a beautiful melodrama. But now that I've been in a relationship and got married, I can relate to Joo-hee and Jun-ha's affectionate eyes and actions that they exchanged. So it's a movie that makes you sad.
10,The greatest Korean melodrama ever! It's a beautiful movie even when I watch it again
10,It is heartbreaking, funny, sad, and painful.I want to have this kind of love
10,A movie that makes my heart flutter
10,I don't need words. The best movie
10,Son Yejin is so pretty...Movies are fun, too
10,
10,I'm still watching my favorite movie ㅠㅠ
10,I'm crying right now. Awesome ㅜㅜ I love it
10,
10,There's no melodrama that can beat this yet.
10,It's been more than 13 years since it was released, but seeing the reviews still running, it wasn't just me who was moved and heartbroken. It was a movie that got darker as it approached subtly like coffee scent.It's a movie that reminds you of your first love even though you can't relate to it
10,It's a classic movie. Cho Seungwoo, I love you
10,
10,The best movie of my life. Heartbreaking first love, beautiful and sad
10,Wow... The double track is crazy...
10,
10,It's an emotional romance movie that you watch when you want to heal.
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,Even though I've watched it 10 times, I can feel the freshness and sadness of my first love
10,My favorite romance movie
10,
10,I cried ㅠㅠ So touched
10,Why does it make me cry every time I see it?It's because everyone acts so well
10,The actors' acting and music stories are all perfect I cried my eyes out why I watched this movie now.Movie that I want to watch again...
10,Romance that I think is the best
10,
10,I can't forget the shock I saw for the first time
9,Son Yejin hard carried Jo Inseo's bad acting...If I say it like this, it'll feel like a movie.Emotion, video, music. It was a really good movie
10,This movie came out a few months before I was born, but I didn't know it was so touching. I'll remember the classic.
8,I really liked this movie, but after reading Hwang Soon-won's shower and Nicholas's laptop novel, I thought about it and it was classical when the two novels were combined.
10,I got goosebumps. I cried while watching this. COVID-19 is going to win
10,Why did I watch this now? I finished watching the movie, but it still lingers in my mind. ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch it It's my favorite movie
10,This is what a movie is... It's a masterpiece that you can't get enough of
10,Classic This movie is remembered over time and I think it is the best movie. I watched it 5 times, but I want to watch it again.
10,
10,I watched classical music for the first time in my first year of middle school, and I'm over 30 years old now. I've seen this movie more than ten times during that time. The older I get, the more lingering and heartbreaking the movie is. Cho Seung-woo's brilliant performance seems to have made Son Ye-jin more beautiful. As I get older, I seem to forget my pure feelings, so I often watch classical music. I think it is the best movie about my first love and I will watch it again and again. Whenever I watch classical music, Junha and Joohee laugh together and cry together. I saw it all right away, but I want to see it again. I can't stop picturing Junha's bright smile in front of my eyes.
10,
6,It's fun, but I wake up because of the sudden crazy development.
10,
10,Like other reviews, this is superior to the architectural overview. The overlapping love story of mother and daughter has a good composition and sensibility.
10,From directing to OEST, it's perfect
10,
10,It's so much fun. Son Yejin, Cho Seungwoo, Jo Inseong is the best! :)
10,I hope I can love someone like this
10,It's pointless for me to give stars because everything was perfect.
10,I think Cho Seungwoo's acting skills have been completed since then. I put it off all the time, but I didn't see it until 2020. I cried a lot, I was moved, and I was sentimental throughout the movie. I was glad that the motif of the literary work "Downpour" was reflected in the movie, and I was impressed by the direction that made the impossible "First Love" into a different shape. It was a very impressive movie after a long time ago. It is a domestic movie that leaves a deep impression as much as the overseas movie 'Pearl Bay'. I'm jealous of the people who haven't seen it yet.
10,I watched a little bit of what I was doing on the cable, and I watched it holding my breath from beginning to end. We had a lot of course
10,May you remember one beautiful day and remain like a picture.
10,It's so touching and sad. It's a masterpiecea masterpiece
10,Watching the movie I watched when I was young reminds me of the past and it's funYejin is the best
10,If I were to pick three of Korea's best romance movies, I would say 1. Classic 2. Agree 3. Bizarre Girl
10,A movie that is sad and beautiful even if you watch it 10 times
10,Let me just say one thing. Just watch it
10,It's always sad and sentimental
10,I was excited to watch other melodrama movies in 2020, but I recommend sad movies for everyone
10,When the weather gets hot and the summer night comes, I definitely watch it again
10,The best Korean melodrama of my life (of course, I'm Korean because I'm emotionally compatible). My favorite scene was when Cho Seung-woo lost his sight in a coffee shop when I was in elementary school but still watched more than 20 movies. Of course, it's all good.
10,
10,Every scene is the killing part,
10,
10,
10,Will there be another movie like this?That's what I think.Even if you look at it at a young age, it touches you this much, but I wonder what kind of emotion it will give you when you grow up. Thank you for the good movie.
10,It did its part just by capturing the youth of these tall young actors.
10,It's so sentimental. ㅠㅠ Joe. ㅠㅠ JoeSeungwoo is so cool and Son Yejin is so pretty
10,I thought it was a real movie, so I wanted to watch it again, but the preview was a masterpiece I can't believe I'm watching this now. I cried a lot this year
10,Real life movie, I feel sad even when I watch it again
10,They're all perfect. Story, directing, OST, casting, visual beauty... And this movie reminds me of my ex-boyfriend, but on the other hand, I am happy. I wonder if he's doing well
10,It's my favorite movie of my life. I'm still tearing up with the BGM...
2,Even considering the fact that it is an old movie, the acting is too awkward, the directing that forces unkindness, and the new wave and the touching that seem to have been forced to be considered even considering the times of the past. To be honest, it was a movie that didn't move my heart at all. There's a reason why it's always talked about...
10,
8,
10,Son Ye-jin finished her work on Korean films with this movie
10,
10,The classic of romance movies!Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's freshness when they were in high school is the most memorable. The symbol of a necklace is cliche, but it's classic!
10,I heard that the content would have been more abundant if other actors had done it without Jo In-sung ㅠㅠ Because of Cho In-sung's poor acting, the whole content was edited out...
10,A movie that makes you cry just by listening to the OST
10,It's a movie like a shower.
10,How many works can you laugh in the same scene, cry in the same scene, and be heartbroken while watching it 20 times? It was a great move for me to find a great actor named Son Ye-jin. Applause for actor Son's pioneering idea!
10,The movie of my life movie. A movie that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,Watching movies is like a hobby or a job.If I were to choose the five best Korean movies of all time, I would definitely put this in.
8,It's a movie that makes you think that if there was a fateful love, it would be this kind of love.
10,Director Kwak Jae-yong... He doesn't betray me ㅜㅜ
10,Why can't I make a movie like this these days? It is no exaggeration to say that Son Ye-jin's acting and OST are all about the movie. Let's stop making the same movies and make movies like this.
10,Wow, the OST, the story, and everything are the best even if I watch it again. If there is Love Actually in America, there is Classic in Korea.
10,The best Ost and actors... Scenes in the rain are the best...!
1,This movie has a higher rating than Interstellar???
10,
10,Those born in 2002 cried when they saw it in 2020
10,It's a legendary movie even now
10,When the romance theme comes out while talking about movies with my friends, I recommend classical music without any hesitation.
10,It reminds me of wise private life drama again. I saw it again
10,
10,I can't imagine any actor other than Son Ye-jin in that role to the point where I think the genre is Son Ye-jin. Every time I see you, tears ㅠㅠ
10,The emotion that was released 17 years ago and the current emotion is different. The best Korean romance movie of my life that I can admire no matter how many times I watch it. It's nice to see it more than 10 times. I remembered it again after listening to "Me to You, You to Me" in my wise doctor life.
10,The last scene is so touching, but I want to make you cry when you come out...
9,
10,It's a perfect movie without missing anything.
10,I watched it again today.It's been 17 years.I'm 37 years old.It's already been this long.I don't think it's been that long.
10,I will love Son Yejin forever.
10,It's very fun. I'm sure you'll think of course.
5,Jo In-sung's acting is the only stain
10,I think this movie is the only movie that can create unbearable cringe. As the title suggests, it will remain classic in Korean Melo. And Son Yejin is so pretty ㅜㅜ
10,How grateful I am to be moved by this cheesy film.
10,
10,If you can endure a bit of cheesy and childishness, it's a really fun and touching movie.It's a movie that I love so much that I can feel the sadness that's going through my heart.As the OST of the cycling scene flows, the scene of Son Ye-jin and Jo In-sung running in the rain is an unforgettable scene.
10,It's the best. It'll be the best in 100 years.
10,It was 17 years ago, but it's fun^^
10,Train scene... When we meet at cafe...It's a touching movie. It's good to see it
10,
10,A good movie to watch with my mom
10,It's so heartbreaking.
10,
10,Why did I see this now?
10,You walked into my daily life and gave me something special
10,
1,I saw it before, but I didn't know what it meant so I watched it again. But now that I see it, it's an affair between mom and dad, how come the ratings are high? For Son Ye-jin and Jo In-sung, it's more unpleasant love story, but they're moved by it, which is almost like a defeat. Aren't the two parents you've raised so far a human being?  The shameless things that you don't know about the grace that you gave birth to and raised...
10,I changed my favorite movie Why did you watch this movie now? I'm glad I watched it now ㅠㅠ I'm so into Cho Seung Woo ㅠㅠ
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that lingers in my mind even when I watch it again. The movie that made me know Son Yejin is pretty and Cho Seungwoo
10,I think it is the best love movie.What's even more shocking is that the comic elements in this movie are really more than comic
10,
10,It's a masterpiece that I want to show my child's child's child when he learns about love I dare to say that it is the best movie in Korea.
10,A movie that defined the feeling of what love is in my life
10,ㅜㅜ Cho Seungwoo... From now on, when I hear you, all I can think of is Junha.
10,Why did I watch this movie now? It's the best.
10,It's a movie that's fun and exciting. The best melodramatic movie in Korea!Son Yejin's acting is so good!
10,Son Yejin is the same as now It's so pretty that I can't describe it. It's driving me crazy Why do I look like this? It's not fair. The story is crazy, the face is crazy, the acting is crazy, my respected actor ㅠㅠ
10,A movie that reminds me of a crush I had when I was young.
10,I've never seen a movie that lingers this much in my life
10,The movie that leaves a rating for the first time is that much fun
10,Even now, I sometimes watch movies like the gem of OSTs...
10,I'm 31 years old. Why did I not see this until 17 years later? I'm getting a fresh feeling that I forgot
10,No words needed. As the title goes, "Classic of Romance Movies"
9,If the OST came out... So much fun!
10,Even now, 17 years later, it is not tacky. It's classic.
10,I'm crying even when I see you after a long time.
10,
10,It's a masterpiece Even after OO, it's still touching
10,
10,It's such a waste to miss each and every movie lyrics that I can't express with words, and the OST is the best, too I cried while watching ㅠㅠ ㅠㅠ Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting is the best
10,
10,
10,No matter how many times I see it, I can't help but cry when we meet at the end.The Best Korean Romance Movie
10,
10,
10,
10,It's a movie that you can watch without knowing the time because the story of music, the free transition between the old and the present generation, and the proper comic is so solid. There are a lot of touching points. I've seen this movie many times. I really like actor Jo In Sung, but his acting skills are a bit... You're distracting me from being immersed Son Yejin is so pretty
10,
10,
10,I can't get tired of watching the best movie. I'm amazed by her beauty
10,A masterpiece that will come out in 2020.
10,It warms my heart no matter how many times I see it
10,There are no more melodramas.It's more fun, sad, sentimental, and touching than the masterpiece of my life, "Three Idiots"
10,I can't help but cry in the part where Jun-ha goes back to find the necklace and the scene of the last two reunion. Even though I can't see it, I prepared it in advance the night before. And Joo-hee, who burst into tears after noticing this, and Jun-ha, who fell embarrassed, were really sad. I am sorry to see such a moving and exciting movie now. The meeting of Jun-ha's son and Joo-hee's daughter during the ending seems to indicate that the relationship continues. The fish released in the wide river probably means Junha.
10,If you really don't want to watch it, just watch it in a pendulum
10,Even if I look at it again, "It's a masterpiece" makes me feel affectionate. The songs and videos from that time are so beautiful
10,Even the music in the movie is perfect
8,A movie to bring out like an old diary
10,There's no need for words. It's the best movie that makes my heart pure. It's the best no matter how many times I see it.
10,How dare I evaluate... I'm regretting what I did in the past and why I only saw this masterpiece now...
10,Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap clap clap clap clap!
1,Why are you sitting around marrying someone else and having kids?
10,It's so much fun
10,Every time I think of it, I feel sad
10,OST, visual beauty, and the great acting of the two new actors... Is there anything to blame? Classic itself... Young and clumsy... Mom's first love.
10,
10,Son Yejin's beauty at that time is the best. Really...The movie is touching and not heavy, so it lingers in my mind for a long time! The introduction of the OST reminds me of the movie scene like crazy
10,It's the best... everything's perfect
10,It's a masterpiece.It's touching even when I'm touched
10,I saw it for the first time today, but it's a masterpiece for no reason.
10,Touching story!.
10,It's not a movie that makes you realize love, but a movie that makes you realize the word love.
10,The saddest and most romantic movie in Korea
10,needless words the greatest masterpiece
10,
9,Wow, really... Can it be this fun?
10,It's fun even now. I got goosebumps that Seungwoo acted like that at that age. Son Yejin is so pretty
10,
10,This movie is almost 20 years ago.I don't think there'll be a drama that can surpass classical music in the whole script.It was a masterpiece among the masterpieces that I hope to see again in theaters someday, and I am very, very happy to be a contemporary of those actors.
10,This is a masterpiece... I'm crying
10,
10,It's the 20th time! ㅜㅜㅜ
10,
10,Goddess Son Yejin is the best!
10,걸작
10,They make this kind of movie
10,
10,ㅠㅠ Son Yejin is so pretty.
10,
10,
10,The movie's own completeness and evaluation must all be the same, so pass it and the arrogant supporting scene where I play the role of Jihye's friend was so refreshing
10,
2,Two-legged people can't cheat blood
9,
10,While watching Park Sae-byul's "Love in Pain~" while watching the music video last night, my wife and daughter who said they didn't like it because they remembered the movie they watched in the past. The results are amazing! In the real-name scene, my wife wailed loudly. My daughter bit her lips and held her breath. She cried silently.How can I explain the whirlpool and excitement of emotions that even middle-aged men in their 50s visit throughout the movie?No words needed. You can definitely watch it.My heart still aches...(Sound of laughter)
10,Those days that I can't express in words...
10,It's beautiful. The feeling of love rises like a spring in the heart. I can't believe I've finally come across this masterpiece.
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now?
10,Heartbreaking, heartbreaking, heartbreaking, sad, and sentimental. There's nothing like this movie that lingers for a long time, so you can feel the same emotions over and over again
10,
10,the most exciting and heartbreaking movie ever
10,It's my life movie. I cried every time I went to the movie theater three times after paying money. I cried every time I went to the movie theater. I cried again today after watching the movie that reminds me of pure loveㅜ
10,
10,Seventeen years ago, when I first saw my friend at the theater when I was 15, it became my life movie. As time goes by, I feel more moved. I think about it once in my life. There's a movie you want to watch. When I listen to the OST, I still remember the OST. I'll have to see you again during the holidaysㅠㅠ I want it to be re-released at the theatercrying
10,Arin's love story
10,It's a masterpiece that will make you cry even after 10 years and 20 years.When I was in middle school, my friend said that he would regret going to karaoke without watching this movie at the movie theater.It was real ㅠㅠ I really want to see it at the movie theatercrying
10,Eating Jim cup ramen crying..--T
10,
1,Not fun to chase
10,It's good every time I see it even though I watch it every time대사Even if I memorize all the lines, it's good every time I see it
10,What happened in 2013?
10,
10,There is no need for words.Make sure to watch it
10,
10,I hope the day I see you at the movie theater will come. If it's re-released, it's going to be so popular. It lingers a lot
10,This is a world masterpiece Point to focus, acting, story, video, and music. Everything is good, good, good!
10,It's so nice. Son Ye-jin is the best actor, Cho Seung-woo is also the best actor, and I hate myself for watching this movie now. It's a masterpiece
10,
10,I just like it... The atmosphere is so good.
10,
10,If Cho Seung-woo's necklace appeared in dramas or movies these days, you might think it's nonsense, but Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin keep exchanging affection for each other, so when Jo In-sung takes it out awkwardly, it makes me cry.It's because Son Ye-jin is so catchy in the movie, but looking at it again, Cho Seung-woo's acting as pure love for this movie was hard carried.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,
10,
10,It's been a while since I've seen the best movie actors in my life and they're so handsome and pretty and handsome
10,The best movie that doesn't lack anything from directing, acting, and story OST. A movie that makes me more sentimental because I feel like I'm seeing myself in those days after decades later
10,It's my favorite Korean movie.I heard that it was a work that was homage to a shower, so I think that's why it's fresh, exciting, rustic, and plays a part in the tone of the play. It's better to watch rainy days and it's better to watch gloomy days. It's healing and exciting to watch. I think I've seen it 10 more times since I turned 30 years old. I think I'll see it 20 more times
10,It's always good, always sad. It's always sad
8,The more I see it, the more I see it... Lovely Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo with a desperate OST. But Jo In Sung was so bad at acting that I was so moved
1,The opening B-level sentiment... Just to see Son Yejin's face
10,A movie that everyone should watch at least once...Masterpiece of the...
10,
10,
10,
10,
10,I just saw it again Don't you get sick of seeing me four times already? ㅜㅜ
10,
10,A movie that I really enjoyed.
10,A movie that you won't get tired of watching again ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,
10,Such pure and pretty love that can't come out these days. The best romance of my life. Son Yejin is crazy pretty
10,I watched this movie with my first boyfriend when I was 20. Now that I am in my late 30s, I watched it again after about 20 years because it rained and I suddenly wanted to listen to the Jatanpung OST while staying at home. I couldn't remember the story at all, so I watched it with a new heart. The last forced twist?I felt like I was back to my 20 year old self for a while with a calm and mournful analog sensibility. The young days I missed...
10,I can't believe I'm watching this now. It's a great movie
8,It's so sad and the atmosphere is so good.
10,Jo In-sung feels like he's floating, but the combination of Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin really shone.
10,I was procrastinating and procrastinating because it was a masterpiece, but it was fortunate that I didn't know the ending in detail until now, but it makes me feel relieved once and then sad all of a sudden. And the legendary street lamp scene. Heart pounding
10,I knew it was famous, but I got to see it thanks to Joo WoojaeThank you so much for watching a good movie that I almost missed because of Joo Woo-jae's sensitivity!♡ I'm a fan of Joo WoojaeAnd actor Cho Seung Woo's acting is done, and actress Son Ye Jin's beauty is done! You're the best!
10,No matter how many times you watch it, there's no actor who can pull it off better than Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo
1,I want to give you 7 points, but the rating is too high.A movie that Son Yejin can watch because she's pretty.It's not a masterpiece. It's a collection of masterpieces.
10,
10,I thought it was a movie that I didn't know about, so I thought it was a mess, but it was a trick. Son Ye-jin's Liz and Cho Seung-woo's acting, plus video beauty and OST
10,
10,
10,I thought I was going crazy because of Tae-soo.
10,I can't help but cry. I just cried After watching this, I can't see any other melodrama
10,I'm sure you're all living with love that you'll never forget in your heart
10,Our Korean Empire's Melo World History is over the top, Melo Queen Son Yejin~ You know, the Wollae Melo genre is boring and interesting. Son Yejin's face is sleepy, but she's good at acting. Are most girls who act pretty? Was he only good at acting? There's only one thing that applies. Son Yejin can do both of these. After the delicious proposal, there's a reason why she's the main character Oh, and the most important thing is that all natural beauty, not plastic beauty that looks similar in common, is also the best natural face that all living things inherited from their parents.
10,The movie was so sad that I couldn't forget the moment I watched it in my second year of high school. Even if I look at it again, I'm going to go crazy if Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo are re-president when talking about piano girls Because I'm sad ㅠㅠ
10,It's been almost 20 years, but I can't take my eyes off it again. I think it is the best melodrama with Christmas in August.
10,My classic movie forever, Son Yejin's life acting
10,
10,I think the production, acting, story, and OST were perfect My high school teacher played it for me, so I watched it for the first time and I watched it again when I became an adult. It's so nice It's really the best
10,
10,Who keeps saying no to thank you? LOL
10,It is one of the greatest films in Korean history.
10,It's new and exciting even though I know it. There is a fresh, fresh love like a green apple, and a black love that touches your heart through your throat
10,The top 3 movies of my life. ☆ I think I watched it about 100 times? Hah!
10,The best romance movie of my life that makes me cry every time I watch it
10,It's the best no matter how many times I see it.Too desperate
10,They're all good movies. Everything
10,It's a love story that doesn't exist in this world, so it's more touching
10,
10,longing for innocent days
10,Please re-release it. I want to see it again at the theater
10,It's been 17 years since I've seen it again. It's still touching. It's not less exciting
10,Junha, you have to come alive.At the train station, this scene...Just thinking about it makes me tear up.
10,Son Yejin is so pure, pretty, Jo Inseong is handsome, and Cho Seungwoo is acting♡
6,Cho Seungwoo saved it...
10,To you, I to me, you ㅠㅠ
10,Even with time, classical music is not tacky at all and is cool.
10,I can't believe that this kind of movie came out in Korea.
9,It's a different era, but it's twice as touching.
10,It's my favorite movie. The peak of classicism
10,Best movie I've seen many times since 20 years ago
10,It's just that everything's the best. . . . . . I can't say anything. I'm about to become a fan of Cho Seungwoo. Please watch the movie ㅠ
10,Thank you so much for watching this movie in 2020.
10,
10,It's so sad. Classic ㅠㅠ It's my first time to leave a review of a movie, but this movie is a masterpiece itself.I'm sure those of you who've seen the classic will know It's been a week since I saw that classical music is not Jo In-sung but Cho Seung-woo. ㅠㅠ It still lingers in my mind ㅠㅠ I think it will last forever. Masterpiece... I enjoyed it while focusing on it.
10,
10,This movie is so good even though I keep watching it. I don't like melodrama, but classical music lingers for a long time and I like it The actors and actresses are so goodHah!
10,
10,Legendary love story, Son Yejin
9,Now I've seen a masterpiece. In the first half, I'm reminded of old memories, and in the second half, I'm moved and I'm surprised
10,There was a movie that I showed in the movie appreciation department when I was an elementary school student, but I felt an unforgettable feeling.I couldn't remember the title of the movie.I kept thinking of the song, and as time passed, when I entered the PC room, I found out the name of the movie. The movie was classical.The movie I watched when I was in elementary school, and the movie I watched when I was a little older, was wrong, but the feeling was the same.Now that I am so big, I watched classical music yesterday.When I was in elementary school, when I was a little short, and now when I was too big, the feeling that this movie gave me was the same. I will never forget this movie, I will remember it forever. Thank you for making a great movie.
10,
10,I don't need words for movies that I've never seen before It's so sad but it's a beautiful and pretty romance movie
10,Like the title, it's a classic Korean melodrama
10,Why didn't my mom tell me earlier that there's a movie like this?
10,
10,
10,It's exciting and funThese movies made Korean movies
10,Not only the actors' acting but also the OST were so perfect.
10,
8,
10,
10,impeccable It was not just a romance movie.
10,I am grateful to the director for watching this movie when I was 30 years old. Thank you. This is the end of my life's melodrama. There is no more. As time goes by, this movie will become a hidden treasure for many people.
10,I joined Netflix and watched some movies as I stayed at home on weekends because of the coronavirus.  I watched classical music before, but I couldn't remember it well, so I watched it again. It was a 2003 movie, but I think it's a great movie even now.  The story was good, and the actors' acting and Son Ye-jin's freshness were good.  It is so beautiful but sad, and it is so touching that it comforts the audience again.  It will linger for a long time.
10,I watched it again today, but how can it be such a beautiful, sad, and touching movie? When Cho Seung-woo smiled brightly flashing the street lamp in front of Son Ye-jin's house, it collapsed...Exploding with coolness!
10,A movie that makes me cry every time I see it.The movie of my life... It's sentimental.I'm excited... Will I be able to love like this again?
10,It's touching crying
10,When I saw the members who sang "To You, Me To Me" in Sugar Man, the OST, I thought of a movie, so I looked it up. It's a pretty old movie, but it doesn't feel tacky at all, but while watching it, I thought it was a sophisticated movie that expressed the emotions of those days that are hard to encounter these days. It was heartbreaking because I could feel the affection of the main characters so well, and I felt that the play of fate was so harsh that in the scene of the reunion at the end, tears were unknowingly ㅠ_ㅠ It's a masterpiece. It was really impressive. The sudden gag scene in between and the awkward acting of some actors broke my immersion, but without that, I think I would have been too serious to get out of the movie. It must have been a negative factor in other movies, but I think it was a positive factor because it was this movie. Maybe the director intentionally directed it to express the freshness of his first love, which was clumsy and awkward, but pure Anyway, I strongly recommend it because it's a movie that will remain in your mind no matter how many times you watch it again! Since I'm leaving a review, I should go watch it again If there are people who haven't seen it yet, make sure to watch it!
10,The last one is Jo In Sung's necklace. I'm going to give you 0 point.
10,a movie that strongly wants to be re-released
10,It is really fun even though it is an old movie.ㅜㅜ Best melodrama ㅜㅜ Son Yejin is so pretty even now
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,It's a masterpiece. It was the best
10,It was so much fun!The masterpiece of the century! I want to see it again next time!
10,To you, I only knew the famous scene of avoiding rain, but from the beginning, the movie itself was a masterpiece.
10,At this time, when I went to watch a movie, I went to watch Jo In-sung, but when he came out, he came out just looking forward to Cho Seung-woo. It's the best melodrama.
10,
10,It's been a long time since I've seen a movie that lingers this long. You're the best!
10,It's a classic movie, just like its name. I didn't understand the story at the end, but I won't forget the OST and the scene in the rain. I especially liked Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's affectionate feelings Smile~ ^_^
10,
10,My life's melodrama! Video, acting, story, OST. I have nothing to regret
10,It warms my heart when I watch it. My life movie that touched me so much♡
10,That love that hurts so much wasn't love...
9,The movie I saw when I was meeting my first love. They were so affectionate like us, but the ending was the same as ours.
10,
10,I watched it because of Son Yejin, but watch the masterpiece of Korea
10,If there is Titanic in the U.S., it is classic in Korea. What's funny is the curse necklace lol Tae-soo's father > Ju-hee > Jun-ha (the necklace given by his fiance's father to another man) > Ju-hee (I'm done with Tae-soo but I keep wearing it) Jun-ha (I'm blind to pick it up in Vietnam) Sang-min (to my son) > Ji-hye (The necklace my granddaughter)
10,It's so touching
10,This is the first time I cried while watching a movie. Should I say that OST helps me to empathize well?It was really touching.
10,longing for 2001
10,ㅠㅠ며 Learning, visual beauty, music, and art
10,
10,Seungwoo hyung of god of god of god of god
10,
10,There's a classic on the cable.The best melodrama. The more I love you, the more I love you, the more BGM of Cyworld
10,OCN is doing it It makes me forget the virus for a while
10,Best 5 Korean movies in my heart
1,Part-timers. Your rating is old and dry
10,
10,It's a movie that naturally expresses a dramatic scenario like an unexpected drama, a sentimental, authentic melodrama
10,
10,It's an unforgettable... It was really... touching.
10,A romance movie that makes me cry... The Beginning of Korean Romance Movies
10,Just the best melodrama of my childhood.I saw her again after 17 years, and she still liked it. Son Yejin is so pretty
10,
10,
10,Looking at it now, it seems a little sloppy, but even though it is a movie that has been around for nearly 20 years, it has never been heard this much in Korean melodrama.
9,A well-made piece. Even for young people, it's much better than romance
10,I've seen a lot of romantic movies, but I've never seen a movie that lingers this long. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a movie that came out when I was in my second year of college, but why did I watch it now? Son Yejin is really pretty. I want to see it in person.
10,
1,A movie that teaches the lesson that a woman throws away a man when he collapses
10,I can't believe I'm going to watch this movie now ㅠㅠ
10,
10,It's painful, exciting, ticklish and sad
10,17 years ago, when I was dating my wife... ^^ My wife has changed, but Son Ye-jin is the same
10,I'm a teenager who doesn't usually watch romance, but I think I'll be one of the top 5 movies I've seen so far. It's an old movie, so I didn't expect it, but I've never seen a movie that makes me cry and leaves a deep impressionI think it's a movie that will make a mark in the history of movies
10,I'm so touched. I've never felt this before.
10,It feels strange because it reminds me of my love life with my wife. Young-hoe is really the best.
10,Really, this movie is the movie of my life that I will not regret even if I watch it twice and three times...
10,
10,A romance movie was made so that it was not boring at all Video, acting makes me want to fall in love, so I'm excited. Where is my partner? Is he the person I met?
10,Seri... Why did you teach me this movie now?
10,Cho Seungwoo's tone moves my heart too much... I cried every time Son Yejin cried.
10,
10,
10,One afternoon in spring, when the sun goes down, I open the window and watch this movie on my laptop.
10,It's fun to watch if you still have the same face as an actor
10,Famous line: Apply toothpaste [Tae-soo puts toothpaste under Ji-hye's eyes] Great production, great acting: Jun-ha sits in the train and pretends not to know Ji-hye and Tae-soo. Jihye, Junha, you have to come alive. You have to come back alive.Director, story, screenplay, OST, everything is so good... It's a movie like a movie, but it expresses the 70s very well, but it has a modern visual beauty and good shooting. It was the best melodrama in Korea
10,I heard that there was a classic Ost song on Sugarman. I enjoyed it a lot. I love how top stars acted when they were young~ The songs in the movie are so good and I want to watch it again^^
10,
10,
10,
10,It is wonderful, as if it were an indescribable movie classic. It's beautiful... It's sentimental. I am sad and sad.
10,As I got older... It's a masterpiece
10,You take me back to that time ㅠㅠ
10,
10,I'm so mad at her for her behavior
10,I got goosebumps when I understood the scene that I didn't understand. Especially, Son Ye-jin blew with Lee Ki-woo's habit, making his hair flutter. I got goosebumps because it seemed to tell who's daughter it was
10,훌륭합니다.
10,The best movie of my life... I cried for the first time while watching a movie.
10,ㅜㅜ A movie that leaves a long lingering impression
10,I'm getting emotional even when I'm 40 years old
10,
10,The love of Joo-hee and Jun-ha
10,I came back to watch it again after seeing "Jatanpung" on "Sugar Man" The movie of my life that doesn't need words
10,Cho Seungwoo... That's sad.
10,I recommend it whenever I see it.
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me wonder why I watched it nowcrying
10,I don't need words. It's the best.
10,
10,We're here on a pilgrimage. ♧
9,Cho Seungwoo's acting is amazing even now.Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin's freshness made me excited.It may seem tacky, but I think this is the charm of old movies
10,
10,
10,Bizarre, she's like a fantasy romance, and classic is like the romance I want to be in
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting skills... Story... It's my favorite movie
10,
10,Son Yejin was pretty back then, and Cho Seungwoo's acting was amazing back then and the song was so good
10,After the movie was released, when I was a high school student, I saw it on TV for the first time and thought it was a masterpiece, but it is still legendary
10,
10,
8,Movies are classic. Spam is classic
10,It's so much fun watching it now. The best romance movie of my life
10,The only movie I've ever seen in a movie theater 10 times
10,My favorite movie
6,I didn't know why I felt that way, and there were so many clichésㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,
10,Frankly, there are some moments of slightly cheesy acting in between. But...There are better performances that ignore and leapfrog them. A complete film? I don't want it. This is enough. Our memories and love are not perfect, but sometimes they cringe.
10,Make some noise if you saw Sugarman!
10,The necklace was everything, but if it weren't for the necklace ㅜㅜ
10,
10,God Seungwoo, God Yejin ㅠㅠ You're the best. And Taesoo, why are you so funny?
10,It's a movie that shows the essence of classicism. Make sure to watch it!
10,
10,Masterpiece ㅠㅠ Even if I look back in 2020, it's masterpiece
10,
10,It is the best movie story of Korean romance movie and OST popularity. It is touching no matter how many times you watch it now, it will easily pass 10 million
10,The life of someone who hasn't seen this movie is pitiful. I want to beg them to watch it
10,I know why it's the legend of romance. Really... I want to watch another movie
10,Why did I see this now?
10,The movie that lingers even after the movie... I cried a lot while watching it(Crying)
10,
8,It's sad, beautiful, and touching even when I see it again and again
10,It's a masterpiece even for me, who's in my teens in 2020ㅠㅠ It's one of the best. Especially Son Yejin
10,
10,Now you know the movie classic?The actors, the director, and the music are all touching
10,The best movie of my life.It purifies the heart.A movie like a ray of light in my fallen heart
10,I liked the movie, video, and mystery actor acting when I was in college and I want to love him like thatIt's a movie with a lot of thoughts.It's nice to see it again
10,It's my favorite movie.I can't get anything to do with the OST. I'll watch it again if I have someone I'll watch it again
10,There is no need for words. It is so touching even now after 17 years.
10,It's fun, exciting, and sad even if I watch it in 2020 ㅠㅠ
10,I'm so glad I knew this masterpiece now.
10,It's crazy. Is this kind of movie not coming out again?
10,What else do I need besides saying that I'm the best?
10,I saw the crash landing and became a fan of Son Yejin, so I looked it up. After watching it, I'm not young, but I just wondered why I watched it now.
10,Awesome. The best romance in Korea
10,How did I get to watch all the dramas and movies that Son Yejin starred in? Son Ye-jin was there before Suzy, the nation's first love.
10,It is the eternal classic of melodrama. Son Ye-jin's youthful beauty and acting skills.
10,Why did I watch this movie now ㅜㅜ It's a very moving movie Directing, acting, story, video, and OST are not missing. Cho Seung Woo, Son Ye Jin's acting is crazy and so pretty movie
10,Directing story, video, me OST. What's lacking in acting? They're all points to focus on I recommend movies that remind you of your first love
10,ㅠㅠ Why did I watch this now? ㅠㅠ I don't usually like romance movies, but as soon as I saw it, it became my life movie. The story is solid, diverse, exciting, sad, affectionate, and fun. Anyway, the story is amazing. The actors are acting ㅠㅠ not to mention..Perfection itself. I really like actor Cho Seung Woo. If you look at this
10,It's a masterpiece that never gets tired of watching it again and again.
10,
10,Why didn't you marry Jun-ha? Why? Why? I'm so sad. Not Jo In-sung's bad acting, but Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo did everything.I'm so sad
10,
3,Conclusion: I loved my friend's friend
4,There is a big gap in quality now, but I liked to see Son Ye-jin's beauty and the young appearance of the actors in her heyday
10,I love it. It was released in high school. It's so nice even now
10,It's going to be fun whenever I see it.
10,
10,
10,I don't need to say that it's my favorite movie
8,Tae-soo was also a good man.0
10,Best Melo Film in Korean Film History
10,No matter how many times I watch it again, the movie that makes me cry over the luxury OST and the actors' acting, and the immersion is enormous even though there are not many lines.
10,The movie that I regret not watching at the theater... Please open it again!^^
10,
10,I just saw it. I can't stop crying.
10,I'm watching a classic cable movie channel. The quality is no jokeMelo can be a masterpiece like this. I think it's my first time to get 10 points after watching a Melo movie
10,I watched it while crying. It's so sad
10,It is still a heart-fluttering movie that reminds me of my new 20-year-old memories of going to Shinsu-dong and Daeheung-dong campus with my favorite girl in February 2003.
10,See you in 2020a wordless film
10,
10,It's pathetic why I've just seen this
10,The movie that made me excited and cried for the first time in 9th grade. The movie that reminds me of that feeling even after 17 years
10,The peak of Korean melodrama in the early 2000s. The acting of fresh Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo is so good.
10,The best movie of my life. Every single one of them all
10,
10,
10,I don't cry a lot after watching movies, but I cried my head off after watching this.ㅜㅜ Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin have the best acting chemistryㅜㅜㅜ
10,
10,It's the best romance movie that reminds you of your dreamy first love, with its original soundtrack
10,Cho Seungwoo's crazy movie... I still can't tell how she looks at Son Yejin
9,It's a perfect romance movie where you can blend in more because you're Korean, and even foreigners can think, "Oh, this is Korean romance."
10,There's even a limited edition DVD of the best film exhibition reminiscent of a shower crying
10,
10,
10,More than 10 points ^^
1,I watch it on Netflix. Sighing... No matter how much you take into account the 2003 emotions, you have to act like a beggar, cringe-worthy lines, and acting like a middle school drama club.  If you think about Paine in 2002, it's not that low.
10,I haven't experienced my first love yet, but what's the sentimental feeling that I've experienced?
10,"Still, take mine!" "The person who gets rained on with an umbrella..." It's just me." What more can I say?
10,
8,A sad and pure love that's hard to find right now
10,
10,The best... Son Yejin is crazy
10,
10,Movie that reminds me of rainy and cloudy days
10,Even though you're still young, the more you watch it, the more you can relate to it. The more perfect it is.
8,I saw him at school. He's so much fun
1,I was looking forward to it, but I liked the original soundtrack of the forced story.
10,Top 3 movies of my life... I saw it again today... ㅠㅠ I'm so sad... Fate must move...
10,
10,
10,The real version of Romeo and Juliet
9,Honestly, if you watch it now, it's childish, but it's okay. ^^ It's a good movie because it's pure
10,
10,
10,
10,클래식.
10,Who watched it on Netflix? I cried a lot
10,It's the best to watch classical music while drinking wine alone after being dumped by your boyfriend.
10,It's the best movie ever. Thank you for letting me watch such a good movie.
10,
10,I saw it for the first time in the morning after eating 26...Ha...I miss those emotions. They're the best 인생 My favorite movie in my life...
10,I wonder if this kind of movie will come out again. Son Yejin is so pretty
10,I'm tearing up even when I watch it again
9,I think it will be my life movie...♡
10,
10,My favorite movie...  How many times have I seen you?
10,It's all just a perfect movie. It makes my heart flutter no matter how many times I watch it and the OST suits me so well ㅠㅠ Son Yejin is the best! The actors' acting is so perfect. A movie that everyone must watch
10,A movie that you suddenly think of and watch. A movie that makes you cry with overwhelming excitement.
10,It's the first time I'm raising my GPA. I watched it alone at home, and I shed tears and runny nose. I don't know why I'm reminded of my ex-girlfriend and memories after the movie It lingers a lot
10,The first time I saw it, it was so good that I couldn't watch it because I was afraid it would break the feeling. It's been about 10 years since I saw you again. It's really good.
10,I think there is only one classic movie that can feel this way.
10,I was able to feel the emotion of innocence well. It's a masterpiece
10,
10,It's almost 2am, so I watched it all, but it's sad Junha. I cried a lot with this ending like this
10,needless to say the best melodrama
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times
10,It's just the best. I can see why you call it a masterpiece, except that it's really beautiful ㅠㅠ
10,Romance movie textbooks, stories, acting, OSTs, videos, and the best modifiers are not too much
10,It's the best. It's my favorite movie. I blame myself for watching this
10,I hope this movie of pure love comes out again.
10,
9,Korean Melo that I saw for the first time with a man to marry...♥ I loved it
8,Looking at Lee Je-hoon's introduction to architecture, Cho Seung-woo at that time overlapped. It was a movie that properly showed the delicate first love of a man.
10,It's a movie that's so touching every time and time again.I love Son Yejin's sentimental acting♡♡
10,
10,
10,Meet, drink, sleep, break up... A love story that touches a different heart from the modern world that is fed up with instant love
10,I want to beat myself after watching this life movie.
10,It's been almost 20 years, but every time I watch a movie, Classic, which will be a hit even now, I get lost in old memories...
10,It's fun. Became my life movie ㅠㅠ
10,I think I've seen it more than 5 times in my 30s
10,Fresh excitement, sadness, touching son-in-law
10,
10,Do I need to say anything more?
10,
10,The movie that I'm going to watch again...Son Yejin is the best.So pure and beautiful!
10,If you don't see it, you'll regret it. It's the movie of my life.
10,I first saw this movie at the age of 28. I could see that they said they would make a new chapter in Korean melodrama. The acting, the story, everything is perfect.It still lingers after I saw it.
10,
10,When the fluorescent light is on at Joohee's house, Junha smiles. The unforgettable scene
10,Even the soundtrack is perfect
10,It's all perfect... It's the best melodrama in Korea that's cool, beautiful, and stimulating!
10,Yejin is the best ㅠㅠ I fell in love with you.
10,The best movie of my life. I cry every time I watch it. If you haven't watched it yet, please watch it now.
10,
10,Movies that I always look for when I forget! My life movie, classic!
10,
10,It's the movie of my life that changed my mind
10,The scene where Son Ye-jin runs in the rain and salutes the ROTC march is the best scene
10,The first melodramatic movie I saw in middle school. Maybe it was because I was in puberty. I was so excited and heartbroken watching the movie. Son Ye-jin's peak and best filmography.
10,Son Yejin, my first love for the people forever. Ten or twenty years later, the image is likely to die.
9,My favorite movie
10,It is the highest point of Korean melodrama that can feel the pure and fresh feeling that cannot be seen in melodrama these days
10,The movie that I saw when I was in the army, even if I happened to watch it on TV, it was just that emotion
10,The movie that I saw again when it was re-released is funny, touching and lovely.The fresh images of my favorite actors were new and I like the OST
10,When I was in high school, I cried for 3 nights and 4 days. Sad, beautiful and heartbreaking
10,a nuclear recommendation
9,As the title implies, it expresses the classicity of love.
10,Even looking at No. 10, the last meeting between Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin is touching.
10,A poignant book uncovered again after a long time.
5,What is it, I saw it because the rating was so good, but it was so boring and the romance didn't feel sweet at all. The development is slow, so it's frustrating... Is it just me? But I think I watched it until the end because I liked the actors
10,I watched it so many times that I even memorized the lines. It's my life movie!I like the awkward acting of the actors because they look fresh
10,A movie that makes you draw memories that you've never experienced before
10,I want to give a perfect score to all of my favorite Korean movies It's fun to watch young Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo. A movie that's fun even if you watch it 10 times!
10,Korea's Best Romance Movie
8,Real classic love rather than modern sensibilities. Son Yejin is crazy...
10,To you, I... To me, you...
10,It has been more than 10 years since the film was released.Unlike before, the story may seem a bit cliche if you watch the movie again now. However, the reason why this movie is special, unlike other romance movies, seems to be even more special because of the combination of Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's prime-time acting and OST music in the movie. In the movie, there were background music that matched the scenes when they were sad or affectionate and the scenes that were lovely and exciting. When I listen to the background music included after watching this movie, I think of the scenes in the movie and I can feel the emotions of Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo, which is why this movie is selected as a masterpiece movie. As Son Ye-jin said in the movie, "It's tacky" after reading her mother's love letter, the movie may seem a bit tacky or boring, but isn't it a classic movie with a classic meaning that can be remembered even after hundreds of years?
10,The movie I watched with my first love in 2003 when I was 21 years old. The movie that I watched more than 20 times since then, and now I'm a father of two children, but whenever I watch it, it reminds me of the days when I was 21 years younger and excited. It's a movie where I cry every time I miss that moment.
10,To you, I'm like the sunset
10,The music is so beautiful and well made
10,
10,It's a movie that makes you want to love again
10,I'm watching right now. It's still fresh and sad. I love each scene and every song
10,
10,I cried again and again crying
10,I can't forget the masterpiece. I watch it again when I think of it
4,OST,I liked the video but the story was too far-fetched. And Jo In-sung's poor acting was really something at firstCho Seungwoo and Son Yejin acted well, but suddenly, Cho Seungwoo risked his life to get a necklace, married someone else, and liked each other that much. Son Yejin suddenly married Taejoo and later found out that her children were dating. It was like a morning drama
10,Korean melodrama classic is the best ㅠㅠ
10,The person who gave me a rating of 2 doesn't know how to watch movies If you don't like this, there's no movie in the world that you like LOL That kind of guy drooling over Avengers. He doesn't leave a rating, but this is really a masterpiece It's not a promotional post. I really enjoyed it, so I came to write it Becoming the movie of my life
2,It's like an example of a movie that's infinitely slow, actors' acting is generally clumsy, the story is typical, the ending is ridiculous, intended to be touching, but not touching. It's a waste of time for people who don't like to be forced to watch
10,I can't help but cry when I see that scene
10,It's been a long time, a long time. My heart is beating at the thought of someone I miss.My heart aches.
10,a wordless film of life
10,I think of you when the sun shines on the sea.I think of you when the faint moonlight floats on the spring water.
10,I don't need anything. Son Yejin is really pretty.
10,I am in the first year of middle school and I saw it at school. I thought it would be boring, but it was so much fun!
10,It's faint and beautiful. The first movie that my son and daughter want to show after taking the college entrance exam.
9,Murakami Haruki's novel "The Age of Loss" flashed by.The meaning of a person's love is that it talks about something as beautiful and unreachable as the sunset beyond the distant horizon.
10,It's 16 years old and it's not tacky at all. Cho Seung-woo is really the best.
7,When you think of Korean Melody movies,
10,That fresh heart-fluttering Son Yejin is the only one top
10,
10,Wow, Son Yejin's teary acting is really touching I think everything is optimized for romance Eyes, eyes, smile, smile, voice, and body movements are so lovely Korea's best melodrama goddess!
10,
4,It's like Son Yejin is traveling in time.
10,It's a great movie even if you watch it in the fall of 2019!
10,It's impressive and everything is good
10,It's the best movie of my life. I cried and laughed and cried
10,
10,Everything is in perfect order.
10,I introduce the movie that makes me excited and teary every time I see her, the classic, and my girlfriend Even music is good
10,I cry every time I see it. Cho Seungwoo's expression...The acting with my eyes is the best. Son Yejin has the same appearance as before... Tear acting... Good. It's a movie that leaves a lot of dots. Especially, I think this movie's OST is amazing It's so sad ㅠㅠ It's like a first love movie that always reminds me of innocence. Every time I see it, I feel touched and sad.
10,10 years later, I still feel like I'm not awkward with my music and music.Actors' acting is the best! It's a work that's flawless even if you give it out now! deserve to be called a legend
10,The best movie even if you watch it 10 or 20 times!
10,After a long time, I think it would be good to watch this movie when I am 80 or 90 years old.
10,The best movie of my life. I was so happy
10,It's different when you grow up ㅠㅠ I'm touched
10,It is sad that Kim Kwang Seok's song is included in the sad scene.
10,I'm so proud that it's the best movie in Korea
10,
10,It's already been 16 years.I hope I'm as brilliant as I am in those days.
10,I'm regretting not seeing you at the movie theater in my life
10,I rarely watch Korean movies at the theater.I used to watch it on TV. ㅠㅠ Why didn't I watch this movie at the theater? ㅠㅠ I still can't forget about the scissors hand and watch it whenever they re-run it.This kind of movie will never come out again ^^
10,The scene where the street lights flicker under Son Ye-jin's house is definitely the best. I watched it more than 10 times because of that scene
10,It's such a good movie
10,I watched it in the 10th grade and I didn't dare to watch it again I think I need to prepare myself before I watch itI knew the story and I watched it again when I was 33 and I cried from the first scene of the letter.I'm already sad. The bright Junha is more sentimental. How can you act like this??? ㅜㅜ As time goes by, I'm sad about the story, directing, and acting of other actorsThen I'll go with Charlotte.
10,
10,
9,Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's acting was so good, the visuals were beautiful, and the music was good. I want to see the first love of my youth again because I drew it in a sentimental.
9,I heard my friend cried a lot after watching it, so I looked it up and it's really sad. It's been a while since the movie came out, so I didn't think it was that fun when I watched it because it had a different emotion, but after watching it, I keep thinking about it. I especially like Oesti. I love the combination of Son Yejin's lines and "It's not love that hurts so much
10,2003 was when I was in 8th grade. I finally saw itYour acting is great. Thank you so much for showing me in the movie CGV
8,
10,
10,Son Yejin looks sentimental and pretty even now. I'm getting emotional.
7,Even if it seems cliche, the love story that is pushed classical like the title is beautiful like music like rain.
10,
10,
10,After watching this movie, I'm saying classic when I say tacky
7,It's clumsy and tacky, but because of that, it brings out the freshness of first love, a movie that doesn't fit in the present day of innocence's death...If there's a time machine, I want to go back to that time
10,It's the best...I didn't see it when it first opened because it was so young, and I saw it after it was re-released...I'm so glad to see you at the movie theater.I think it's rare for such a desperate movie with so many messages.Thank you. Director Kwak Jae-yong, actors, and directors, thank you so much.crying
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,Cho Seungwoo ㅠㅠ 24 years old when it was released.  His acting skills and emotions are natural the real thing
10,Good. It's just good. It's touching, exciting, heartbreaking and fresh
10,A movie that makes you feel sentimental even when you watch it again
10,It was re-released, so I watched it with excitement. It's great to see it on the big screenㅠㅠ The best movie of my life, "Kle.Sik". When I talked about my ideal type, it was Cho Seungwoo.It's full of scenes that make me smile ㅠㅠ
10,The best movie of my life...
10,The best atmosphere was achieved by directing, actor, and music. I expected it 16 years ago, but I don't think there will be any movie that will surpass classical music
10,I cried a lot when I saw it at the movie theater yesterday. I think it describes the emotions and youth of the early 2000s beautifully. The OSTs are like gems, so I still have a lot of lingering feelings after watching them. I wish there were many Korean movies like this.I'm sad but I'm going to watch it again when it rains
10,I tried to hold back the tears that burst while covering my mouth, but I couldn't help it either.
8,The more I watch, the more sad the movie is. A sadder story to know the end of the two. Like Son Ye-jin's line, it's tacky but classic. I liked it more because it was childish. It was nice to see this kind of movie again in the theater. And please turn off your cell phone in the theater. If you're going to chat, watch it at home. Adults are more disobedient than children.
10,I am so happy to see such a masterpiece in the theater even though it is late.
10,I went to see my favorite movie because there was a classic screening hall on CGV today. It's a classic that makes me sad every time I see her. Yejin is still pretty
10,A ridiculous story. However, I was surprised by the imagination, and I was fascinated by the beauty of the video, music, and the neat acting of Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, and Jo In-sung. Now that I've seen the movie that was released during the military abdomen, I'm even more moved.
10,In 2019, I feel the excitement of the 90s campus and the 70s countryside.
10,be heartbreakingly pure
10,Each scene seemed like a famous scene, including actors' acting, light directing, and music that resonated.
10,I saw the Korean mock test as a scenario play. It's dapak
10,I watched the movie at the theater today with the re-release of the masterpiece exhibition and all my tears and runny nose...The story of the unfinished first love, which was deeply lingering, was so hot and beautiful
9,It's more fun because it overlaps with the old memories.
10,It's so good. I re-released it and I'm glad I saw it at the movie theater I watched it more than 10 times at home, but it's so nice every time I see it
10,I heard that it's going to be re-released with the groom, so I'd like to go see it with him, but it's not That's too bad.
10,I'm 30 years old. I cried my eyes out.
10,There's no need for words!10 years later, my heart aches while watching the movieI remember my first love for the rest of my life.
10,the greatest melodrama of this time
10,Can you see it? I'm crying right now.There is... Even if I watch it more than 20 times, if Son Yejin cries, I cry too
10,Life movie that's good no matter how many times you watch it. The famous scene is Jo In-sung running in the rain, but the scene of Cho Seung-woo's street lamp height is more exciting
10,It was re-released, so I just watched this movie for the first time.If tears were flowing naturally, I could relate to the OST even though I've never lived in that era and never had such a love.  crying
10,It reminds me of the past and makes my heart flutter.
10,It doesn't make sense to talk about this movie. It's just a movie that doesn'
9,I saw you too lateSuch a masterpiece;;;
10,I have never seen a movie like this in my life. The first and last movie.
10,It's sad, lingering, and admiring every time to time
10,My life movie ㅜㅜ best
10,It's going to be re-released, so make sure to watch it...All-time Legendary Melo
10,Son Ye-jin's beauty and Cho Seung-woo's acting skills stand out
10,Is it you that I miss you?Was it then? You may have been someone's first love...
6,Am I the only one who doesn't know what to do with the dramatic development?Old BMW cars in the era of self-driving cars.
10,The eternal classic of the human heart
10,Son Yejin is the best. It is one of the masterpieces that makes me cry every time I see it.
10,Classic is a movie reminiscent of autumn. Emotions ripen as they watch the ripening grains. Junha... Joohee... And it must be a great blessing to be able to recall the scene of classical music while listening to the song of the bicycle scene
10,I hope it stays like a picture without regrets
10,Diet movie... You can lose 1kg by juice. Anytime...
10,An old-fashioned romance that lingers in my mind
10,16 years later, I saw it for the first time, but I don't know how many scenes I cried quietly after watching a movie three times. A true melodrama... This is a real masterpiece.
10,A movie that tells you the specimen of your first love.
10,A movie that makes me cry. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting makes me cry
9,It's a classic because it's obvious. It's an old expression of cheesy, so it's more emotional and honest. I learned why Son Ye-jin became a symbol of first love. I thought it was a bit disappointing because I used only one OST, but it's also classic because of the lingering feeling of BGM.
10,I think I watched this movie 100 times.The past love must have been so bright and beautiful...I watch it with tears in my eyes.
10,Even if I watch it now, the actors' styles aren't tacky at all and the story is goodBut the acting was so... It's like he's in a play. His acting skills are disappointing, but the OST that comes out in between is the best
10,A beautiful and sad poem... A heartbreaking ending
10,It's a masterpiece. It is essential to watch this movie.
10,a movie like a melodrama textbook
10,ㅜㅜ My life movie is like a shower
8,I went to watch it with my friends after the college entrance exam, but it feels new to see them again 16 years later. I heard it was not fun then. I can see the tarsus again
10,Son Yejin's sadness and Cho Seungwoo's affection... a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,It's so touching I think I drew pure love well
10,My heart ached so much that I cried
10,I'm from Suwon High School, but my first love and first date were students of Suwon Girls' High School, so I think Cho Seung-woo is Suwon and Son Ye-jin is Suwon Girls' High School
1,The probability without context interferes with the immersion, right in the middle school...
10,I've only heard positive reviews and now I've seen it for the first time, but it's a waste to give it a full-fledged movie in 2003. It would have been nice if I didn't explain it in some scenes, but that's the emotion right now... It's a great movie
10,I went to see Yejin, but Yejin is so pretty. The story may be said to be childish, but I think the time they stayed is also beautiful. Sixteen years later, I felt like I was swimming a lot more calmly.
4,I wasn't really into anything.Well.
10,The best romance movie...!
10,A movie I've seen a lot. It's fun. lol
10,I want to take it out once in a while.
10,I remembered the movie after the OST came outLet's make them feel sentimental on Chuseok, and I hope that our soon-to-be-university student loves her pretty and doesn't get too sick
10,It's my life movie. I don't know how many more times I'll see you It's so touching
10,Movies that I want to keep taking out
10,Music and story are the best
10,Immortal melodrama to go down in Korean history
10,I remembered today when it was raining.
10,A movie that was so heartbreaking and painful. It is sad that the relationship between the two people, which could not be continued in the end.
10,Around this time, emotions are sincere and touching
10,How should I say it? I watched this movie more than 20 times without telling a lie
9,It's a song by Melo. For Melo
10,Praise the director.
10,A movie that I can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch♡
10,A movie that touches your emotions no matter how many times you watch it.It makes me cry every time I see it. Why does Cho Seung Woo look good on you?Son Ye-jin's tear acting is beautifully sad and a goddess.
10,It's a shame that there aren't any masterpieces like this these days.
10,I was changing channels and I saw you doing it on CGV.How many times. It' I cry every time in the same scene.It's a movie that touches the emotions that can't be called childish.
10,When I first watched it when I was in elementary school and middle school, when I was in high school, when I was in college, the emotions were always the same. It was a really touching movie
10,If there's another masterpiece like Titanic in Korea,
10,It's a masterpiece even if I look at it againI cried a lot.ㅠA few steps above the introduction of architecture!!!
10,Wow... Why did I see this now?I thought that it was a relief that I saw it now while doing it.
10,As expected, I like the person who watched the masterpiece CGV
10,I was careless because I thought it would be okay since it's been a while
10,It's been 10 years, and it's been great crying
10,I'm touched every time I watch my favorite movie
10,The melodrama is Son Yejin The crying scene is all-time number one
4,I didn't watch it in the theater. I watched it on the cable channel later. It's too boring. I watched it until the end because of Cho Seungwoo
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo acted really well even at a young age
10,Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's acting skills in the movie that I've seen more than 10 times is the best of pure romance in the analog era^
10,I'm looking at it now and Son Yejin is so pretty ;;
10,A movie that makes my heart flutter every time I watch it many times.
2,Even though I've watched it again and again to understand it so far, I don't know why they say it's a fresh love story. Why the rating is high? The movie is beautiful, but the content is really pathetic
10,It's a masterpiece that reminds me of my first love.After watching it in the movie theater in my early 20s, I am moved when I see it again because I am old, and it reminds me of my youth.
9,Classic vs eraser in my head...- What's your choice?
10,Best ㅜㅜ Sad and sad but good.ㅜㅜ
10,Cho Seungwoo's acting is crazy.
10,I've seen it ten more times. The excitement classic. Son Yejin, the best actress in Melo Middle School, has a fresh and fresh voice and smiles on the boat♡
10,It's beautiful. It's always nice to see you
10,Son Yejin's life-long melodrama
7,I didn't fully understand this movie because I was still young.It's been cloudy for about 5 years, and if I look back, will it feel different from now
10,None of the melodramatic movies I've seen so far are beyond classic
10,Looking back on 2019, it reminds me of my first love. Cho Seungwoo's acting is so good. It's a masterpiece~~
10,Sixteen years later, the content was obvious, but I think there is still a deep lingering feeling in my heart. The song of the scenery riding a bicycle is really a masterpiece I still listen to this song when it rains, so I still listen to it now.
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,16 years later, it's still a masterpiece
10,The movie of my life that doesn't need words...
10,My favorite movie that I want to watch again and again
10,Movies that you keep thinking about and want to watch
10,Yonsei University should give the director a merit award. There will be a lot of students going to Sinchon dreaming of this kind of college romance.
10,Cho Seung-woo's performance in the life movie needs no words.
10,The movie of my life!
10,This movie will be the top of Korean melodrama even after many OOOs.
10,Every time I see it, I feel emotional and sad. It's my life's melodrama. Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's fresh emotional acting. Even the OST is perfect. If we could do that kind of love in our lives, wouldn't it be love forever?
10,The movie that made me realize what it's like to feel love...I want to see someone I love again
10,My favorite Korean movie... The actors' acting was good, but I still remember the unique colors and scenery of the movie throughout the movie
10,Korea's best underrated melodrama. Unfortunately, Jo In-sung's still immature acting.
10,The best movie...My heart aches every time I see it
10,This is what a true melodrama is like.
10,It's a well-made movie that makes you want to have a heart-warming love
10,I thought erasers were the best.Before this...
9,I saw it for the first time today. The cheesy story is out of trend these days, but considering that it's been more than 10 years, I saw it as aegyo. The movie where Cho Seung-woo's acting was shining. A sad but classic film that is so desperate and desperate.
9,But Cho Seungwoo broke up with Son Yejin saying that he wouldn't be able to make him happy because he was blind, and then he married another girl and gave birth to Jo In-sung. Son Yejin loves her so much that she can't marry her ugly self. Jo Inseong's mom doesn't love her, so get married? ㅠㅠ Jo In-sung's mom did something wrong.
8,That love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,If you don't give this movie 10 points, which movie should you give 10 points to?
10,A heartbreaking love story felt in pure literature.I feel like there will be a summer night hut in my dream tonight. When I open my eyes, there will be tear stains on my pillowcase. I think I will be able to live for a while with Jun-ha standing under the street lights and Joo-hee jumping down the stairs.
10,The best movie of my life! A masterpiece ㅠㅠㅠ
10,....if you haven't seen it yet, please don't. My heart hurts so much, it's so sad. I think it's so sad that you can't reach it even if you reach out.Those days, love that can't be achieved, our youth...Time really flies.
10,Even when I was in my 20s, I thought it was the best melodrama in Korea, but even when I was in my 30s, it was a classic!
10,We met again in 2019. It's a legend.
9,Kim Kwang Seok's "A love that hurts so much wasn't love."'
10,It's really touching...
10,I watched it with my mom for the fourth time today, and I felt indescribable.
10,No words needed. 10
10,It's tacky and tacky, but it's so cute and beautiful
10,I've never seen such a perfect movie in the world.This is so much more fun than a laptop...
8,The story is great, but overall, the actors' acting was a bit disappointing, so 8 points
10,Even Jo In-sung and Lee Ki-woo's awkward acting felt perfect. It's like a beautiful movie.It's sad but beautiful.  I don't know why I cried so much.I know why the title is classic
10,I don't need words. If you watch it till the end, you'll understand why I gave you 10 points
10,The movie that made me feel that love that can be made this hot will come to me. It makes me feel excited and sad whenever I see it.
10,I cried when I saw him at a boys' high school today ㅜㅜ
10,There's no need for words. From actors to OST, it's the best...
10,Korea's legendary first love movie
10,The first movie I watched at the theater! The movie that made my heart flutter when I was a middle school student!It was like my first love that made me memorize all the lines without getting tired of watching and watching
10,It's really classic...
8,I saw it in the theater when I was really young.   It brings back memories. I want to go back to those days
1,The 1 point I give you is 11 points, not 1 point!
7,Is it the intended bad acting?To make it look like a traditional drama?Or are they all acting bad?
10,I hope this kind of movie is made againCho Seungwoo is such a great actor!
10,It's always touching!
10,Even if I look at her now, she's tearing up
10,A movie that will make my heart flutter forever
10,Even if I look at it again, it doesn't matter.crying
10,Can this be re-released?
10,Standing under the street lights, Cho Seungwoo is Junha himself
10,I'm so sad even when I look at it now.I like it a lot.
10,I cried my eyes out in the middle of the night.
10,a masterpiece that no longer needs modifiers It will remain the best love movie in my heart forever.
10,Yejin is so pretty. She's so pretty when she cries
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,ㅠㅠ Cho Seungwoo, an actor who can't help but love
10,The best melodrama of my life!
8,Actors, characters, videos, music, everything is beautiful
10,Among romance movies, this is the first movie to get a perfect score. The OST and the composition were perfect
10,I'm looking back on the memories of 2019 I think it's a movie that makes you realize that there is still pure love in your heart I like it a lot.
8,The OST did it all.The ending is sad, but it's better because it's not just heartbreaking. I watched the movie with my first love, but I know it now. It's not that I miss him, it's that time I miss him.
10,A movie that you fall in love with no matter how many times you watch it
10,Wow, you made a good movie. The only romance movie I enjoyed watching
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,Every time I look at it, my heart flutters and it lingers
10,It is a movie that depicts the first love of analog sensibility. In a way, it is a cheesy line, but it is different in classical music. Looking at Son Ye-jin's golden days makes me just mesmerized.
10,Immortal Romance Masterpiece Can't Be Released in Korean Film History
10,8825865262 is the best movie ever
8,I made it well  It was so real
10,It's so sentimental that I'm afraid to see it again
10,The best movie in Korea. It's a masterpiece that Koreans can relate to the most
10,I think it is a very sad and beautiful movie.♡
10,...it's my life work
10,It's fun. It's my 11th time watching it's fun
10,The best youth movie ever...
10,From the train to the end of the troop dispatch, I was in a daze
10,It was so much fun[Laughing
10,God Yejin, God Seungwoo...
10,The best romantic movie in Korea...!
10,It's always the best movie.
10,Directed, casted, and beautiful. Perfect
10,Video lines, music, and three beats are perfect for Korean Mallo's Essence.
10,A movie that makes me sad and sad every time I watch it
10,It was a movie that lingered in my heart when I watched it in the 9th grade
10,What do I need to say? It's just tears
10,I don't know why I started watching it.A masterpiece of touching moments!
10,I was moved by all the musical acting.Even if Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin come, they won't be able to revive their emotions.A masterpiece!
10,It's fun to watch again.
10,Is the number of viewers for real?
10,The more I see it, the more I think of the memories of love
10,Sixteen years later, we finally met today.
8,This should have been a hitㅠㅠ 지금 If it was released now, it would have been at least 3 million
1,I watched it because it was famous. I think I focused too much on love that can't come true It kept saying that love didn't come true, so I felt like I was fixing it the whole time I watched it.
10,To you, to me, to me
10,Son Yejin's heart-warming romance that makes your heart flutter
10,A movie that warms your heart even if you watch it again
10,A work that depicts the memories of old times and the way of life.
10,My life movie. My life masterpiece...
10,When Son Ye-jin and Jo In-sung run in the rain, they automatically smile and cry when watching Cho Seung-woo's war episode. It's still a masterpiece
10,To you, I'm a beautiful
1,One of the sub-movies that was produced in a rush under the influence of the Japanese movie Love Letter
10,Movie that I watched more than 20 times. My favorite movie.
10,It's a masterpiece!M
10,Even if I look at it again and again, the emotion in my heart remains the same.Such a good movie
10,There's nothing to throw away in the movie classic OST, which always feels differentcrying
8,I've just seen it, but the acting was so bad. Just by looking at the story, it looks like it's an authentic melodrama, but the forced connection was... But it was worth watching
8,a well-made film I don't think it's out of 10.
10,The last one was a bit too coincidental, but I enjoyed it.Hah!
10,I wish it would be re-released. I dreamed of my first love. The OST is so good and he acts well.
10,Nino and Your Financial Understanding of Trade Unionism
10,Favorite movie to push Titanic out of life
10,a poignant film adequately illuminated by Jang Hyun's lingering feelings
10,The best movie of my life, I can't get rid of my fondness and sadness for a while. Son Ye-jin's one-man show, story, perfect music. I still miss you when I first saw this movie more than 20 times. ㅠ.ㅠ
10,His acting skills and acting skills are all so touching.
10,Let's really do a remake!
1,It's not good. It's too loose
10,Wow, it's still so much fun. Introduction to Architecture
10,Why did I watch this movie now? My life is divided into two from now on.Before watching this movie... After watching this movie..
10,Why isn't there a movie like this these days?
10,The legend of Korean melodrama. You have to put on the cross
10,I get excited every time I see it. Acting, acting, actors, everything is perfect
10,It's a beautiful and sad movie. Can I love like this in my life?
10,Why did I watch this now? Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting.
9,It's really the class of a melodrama!
1,The story is about Son Ye-jin killing Cho Seung-woo, who she loved, and loving Jo In-sung, the son who put him between Cho Seung-woo and another woman.
10,The best melodramatic movie ever
10,The best melodrama with a sad ending and a happy ending. Director Kwak Jae-yong finally reached the master of melodrama. The story is a reboot of Hwang Soon-won's shower, and the technique of giving probability through detailed historical reproduction influenced the "Reply" series. A movie for everyone who wants to love!
10,It's just a masterpiece, no need to say anything else.
10,A movie that I've never seen time while watching a movie for the first time. The song was perfect and the story was perfect. Will I be able to see another classic movie?
10,L.O.스토.E STORY that you've heard before. As the title says... Classic. Innocence can't beat any sophistication
10,I want to live in those days, too
10,It's a masterpiece that I only saw when I was 29, but I don't think it's been more than 15 years...
10,You're the best. This is the best
10,I saw it when I was in elementary school, middle school, high school, and now I am an adult. Everything in the movie was perfect.
10,Have you ever been in love? It's my personal feeling and the feeling when I can't come back.
10,Heartbreaking first love... And fate is so heartbreaking, but it's a beautiful love story. It's a movie that can't help but cry while reminiscing about the pure first love of the past
10,I'm crying. Can't you see my tears?
10,24 years is short life, but it is my first time to cry while watching a movie. I think it's a really well-made
10,A handkerchief-like movie that cannot be thrown away even if the coffee stain is deep
10,It's too bad that I couldn't watch this movie at the movie theater because I was too young at the time of its release. Life Melo, the only movie I've ever bought for my collection.
10,I watched it about 20 times. I think I'll see another 20 times. Christmas and the movie of my life in August
10,For those who want to know about love, it's like a well spring. For those who know how to say goodbye, it's like a tear gland.I mean, after watching the movie, it lingers for a long time. It's that kind of movie, right? ^^
10,A romance masterpiece with an eraser in my head...
10,I was extra because I filmed this at my school. I was so touched. I was so lucky, honored, and meaningful that I saw you filming it
10,One of the best melodramatic movies...  But when I see it, my heart aches.
10,Every time I watch it, it's not boring, it's not boring, it's a classic melodrama like the title. It's fresh and desperate. I think it will be a masterpiece of Korean melodrama.
10,The movie that still lingers is much better than the recent plausible melodrama
10,It's always the best masterpiece...
10,Even after 16 years, the top of Korea's melodramatic movies!
10,It's fun to watch it again and again on TV.
10,I've watched it several times, but when I encounter this movie on a movie channel, I'm not confident that I'll pass the channel.
10,Actors acting, background music, movie contents, development...Everything is perfectthe essence of Korean melodrama
10,I hate romance genre, but the only thing I enjoyed watching is classical music.The acting, OST, and story are all perfect!
10,I also thought that there was a special lecture on the college entrance exam in the third year of high school.I saw you doing it on TV. Son Yejin is so pretty.0
10,I don't need to say anything. The best...
10,No matter how many times I watch a good movie, it doesn't leave a rating, but this is the best...
10,It's still a masterpiece. It warms my heart.
10,No matter how many times I see it, the acting OST, the directing story is all the best. It's like a scene where children poo on adults at the end of Delispice's song at the museum
10,A movie that brings me back to my past innocence
10,The OST is the best masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life that doesn't need words anymore
10,To you, I told you that love that hurts too much was not love.
10,Everything is perfect. Actor Music Scenario... So it's so sentimental. It hurts so much that it's hard to see again.That feeling I saw for the first time over a decade ago. That scene, the music, everything.Still yesterday... No, it's as vivid as I just saw it.I want to be brave and watch it again.
10,The more I love him, the more I love him. I listen to him every day. I sing it at karaoke
10,The first movie I don't understand why the audience is so small. I hope there's something people see and feel these days feel.
4,What's it about? I enjoyed watching Emergency Measure No. 19 because I lost track of time
10,Even when I look at it again, tears flow...I think my first love is now. I will love you preciously!♡♡
10,A movie that reminds me of my first love
10,Literally classic and authentic first love movie
10,That love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,It's fun and sad every time I see it
10,Like once a week.
10,The Essence of the First Love Movie Classic of Classic
10,I saw it for the first time when I was 23 years old, but I was able to experience the pure first love feeling of my parents' generation in the past, so I was able to warm up my heart after a long time.
10,It's been 16 years since I saw you, but my heart still aches.
10,It's what I feel throughout the movie, but I think I paid attention to the camera composition, actors' movements, and expressions expressing emotions in each scene.As the director intended, the melodrama feels mournful and pure.I think I know why classical music is the standard of Korean melo.
10,My youth with classical music...
10,It's so funny to slap Jo In Sung and Son Ye Jin
6,I saw him go to the battlefield to find his necklace.Skipping that part... If it's not that, it's a good movie
10,You haven't seen it yet? Hurry up and see it. What are you doing?!?! Hurry up!
10,The movie that I watched when I was 20 years old. My heart aches every time I watch it.
10,At this time, many people died whenever Son Ye-jin had tears in her eyes.
10,This movie is a masterpiece again. The actors' acting, the story of the movie, the OST, everything did my part in making this movie a masterpiece. A sad story to watch again. But their second generation eventually turns around and ends up with a happy ending.
10,Wow... I can't speak...
10,There's no need for words. the most exciting movie ever
10,My favorite movie is the best
1,I was looking forward to it because of my grade, but I am bored.
10,I'm doing it on the cable right now, but I found myself watching
10,9 points for over 15 years. There's a reason
9,It's so cringe-worthy...A movie that reminded me of my first love that was heartbreaking
10,It's cheesy... No, you should just say it's classic
10,It was such a pure white love that my heart was numb as soon as it burned down and disappeared, but the emotion I received when the burnt ashes became manure and inevitably blossomed a new sprout of love is indescribable.
10,A movie that would have been a hit if it had been released now.All the movies that come out these days are capitalist...I miss analog.
10,I don't watch romantic movies because I hate them, but this movie is a masterpiece romance movie that I can't get tired of even if I watch it from a long time ago It's my wish to die after having this kind of love before I die True love
10,It is a beautiful masterpiece every time I see it twice. It's not just a melodrama. It's a movie that shows "This is what Korean melo is."
10,Really. It's fun to watch it many times. I can feel the emotions of the rain shower in the movie and even Cho Seungwoo's unexpected acting... The movie that lingers a lot after watching it. Son Yejin's golden days... It's so pretty
10,The first movie I watched with my wife on the way back from watching it again.The movie that had good music and sensibility.^^
10,I think I'm No. 1 in Korean romance
10,Son Yejin is so pretty in her prime
10,In this movie, I can hear the song of bicycle riding scenery just by looking at the poster
10,Korea's best melodrama that's good to watch no matter how many times!
10,Why isn't there such a melodrama these days?
10,It's fun even now. I'm still moved even when I was young and old.The fresh images of the main characters are impressive ^^
10,You're just the best. You're definitely the best.
10,It's a masterpiece even if time goes by.
10,If I do this while changing the channel, I'll definitely watch it.How many times have I watched it?a touching feeling every time one sees it
10,I'm watching it on TV again Even after 16 years, Son Yejin is still this beautiful and heart-breaking story
10,When the sun shines on the sea, I think of youWhen the faint moonlight rises above the spring water, I think of you
10,My favorite movie. It's fun even if I watch it 10 times. Watching this movie reminds me of old memories in my early 20s. The OST is the best!
10,It's a fun and sad movie to watch over and over and over again. Emotional stimulation. Ost is the best!
10,I forgot and watched it again after a long time. It's a masterpiece that decorated my early 20s. Even now, I miss those days even more.
10,Isn't there something wrong with the audience?I've seen it a few times
10,These days, the song "Love That Hurts Too Much" is so good that I watched it after 16 years. The story of affectionate love is so pretty and sad  Thank you for the good movie. Thank you.
10,The best movie of my life.I miss all the times I watched that movie.
10,Director Kwak Jae-yong's masterpiece, which has been filmed with moderate weight and moderation that could turn into a cheap political drama, is a masterpiece that cannot be recreated in his life
9,Classic, bungee jumping, October love, over the rainbow, spring days go, I agree, Christmas in August...I miss the emotions of those days.
10,The emotions of this movie...It's a classic...It's a beautiful movie. ㅠㅠ It's so touching
10,The best romance movie of my life
6,Hmm... It's okay, but that's it
10,When can I see this Korean melody again?
10,16 years later, the kind of excitement that you can't feel now.
10,At the time of its release, 1.8 million melodrama 15 years ago is a box office hit.After so many years, the fans were so enthusiastic that they turned it on again at the theater just once, similar to the special screening, and the audience was about 8,000
10,Do you need words? Except for one person's acting.
10,A movie that makes your heart-warming
6,You can feel the emotions, but the lines and acting are awkward, but Cho Seung-woo's loving emotional acting, such as his eyes and expressions, is really fascinating.
10,I think the best worldview for men is wind, and the peak of Korean melodrama is classical music.It's a movie that makes your heart flutter and miss you.The OST, which made me fall in love with Son Ye-jin, is also one of my top five favorite movies.Wind Sunflower Classic
10,After watching classical music, my favorite movie changed. It's the best
10,Like the sunset, I become a beautiful memory
10,Now I'm a fool. It's a masterpiececrying
10,A movie with a great acting story and music.
10,The best movie of my life. It's so beautiful and happy
10,A film with the adult novel "Shower".
10,Legend cannot be judged.
10,A masterpiece is literally the best
10,It's a masterpiece. Why now?
10,It's an old movie, but it's touching and sad to watch again. ㅠㅠ The movie is really good
10,It's a movie that makes even Kim Kwang-seok, who wasn't interested
10,It's crazy. I watched it 5 times and I think I'm going to cry every time I see it
10,Emotional, touching, interesting movies. These are good movies. It is a very well made movie.Good
10,I feel good because there are a lot of people who are touched by the same thing because they came to read the reviews
10,It's a masterpiece that will go down in Korean film history
10,Good ~ January 2019 is still a masterpiece.  It's classic
10,I get emotional every time I see it.
10,Heartbreaking love story...
10,A beautiful movie that still touches your heart in 2019
10,No matter how many times I see it again, my heart aches for the love that has not been achieved. The best painting of my life is like classical music♡
10,Best movie in years
10,The movie is really well made. You're making me cry.
10,It's a movie that can't be described in words
10,The saddest and most beautiful movie I've ever seen in my life for almost 30 years... I looked back on the past thinking that I had such a love, but I can't think of anyone, so I'm crying even more...
10,I'm a person who doesn't look for movies, but I only looked for this and watched. It is said that the movie is "old-fashioned" and the directing was classical, but it is a beautiful and exciting melodrama that transcends the times.
10,You're the best. Do you need more words?
10,An eraser in my head. Titanic. Romeo and Juliet can't beat classical music.
10,No more Mallo films have been and will not be before this film.
9,To you, I told you that love that hurts more and more was not love. The OST of the movie was the best
10,It was awesome, awesome, awesome. Awesome
6,Am I feeling dry?I don't know. Tall guy's acting is a little awkward
10,It's really perfect. ㅜㅜㅜ
10,It's a masterpiece. I only got 10 points.That's too bad.
10,A movie that's fun and full of excitement no matter how many times I watch it
10,I just saw this. It's the best
10,The person you love is more beautiful and dazzling than anyone else.
9,Each and every video is beautiful and fits well with the title.a feeling of innocence
10,As a student of Wigan, it's fun to watch. I understand that time, it's fun, and I can relate to it What's really unfortunate is that Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin have to get married, but if they liked each other, if Cho Seungwoo didn't get married first and had courage,
8,It's a very pure and beautiful youth drama that's hard to find these days^^
10,I watched it again recently, but it's a masterpiece
10,Melo, romance, and love seem to be what they say after watching these movies. The movie that best expresses the pure love and affection of those days. It's a movie that you can't get enough of even after watching it twice or three times.
10,I see this melodramatic masterpiece on December 23rd. Maybe because it was an old movie, it was awkward in the beginning, but I got used to it quickly and I was moved 재밌게 I enjoyed it crying
9,Why is the audience 7,514? I cried a lot and enjoyed watching it.
10,Why did I watch this movie now? The video and story are so pretty. Son Yejin is so prettyㅠㅠㅠㅠJo In Sung, Cho Seung Woo, and the best
10,It's the best! My favorite movie
10,I'm a 35-year-old old man.It's my first time watching classical music.Son Yejin, I love you. Seo Younghee, I love you too
10,The movie is so fun. Do you think it's a sophisticated romance movie? I like Ost too
5,Disappointed. Son Yejin was the only thing to see
10,15 years later, I'm still crying
10,I am currently a 24-year-old college student.It's a movie that I watch every year when I think of itI watched it for the fifth time, and the movie, scenario, adaptation, etc. are all the best movies that cannot be compared with the current movie, and the best melodrama in Korea is, of course, classic
10,I watched it with my mom when we went to the movies together when I was newly married. It's been 15 years and it's so much fun for me too
10,It's sad no matter how many times I watch it...Actor Cho Seungwoo's eyes are really...
10,The best melodramatic movie I've ever seen... It's not tacky even now
10,Wow, even if Jo In Seong comes out, only Cho Seung Woo comes out. He's so good at acting. He's so cool. It's cute when you smile and cool when you stay still
10,I finally watched the movie that came out when I was 4 years old.Why are there no movies like this these days?The flow of the song, the mood of the movie, and the acting of the actor...It's very classic. Thank you.
10,A movie that gives you goosebumps, a movie that you want to watch again, a movie that you can't stop crying, a movie that won't be a waste of any modifier
1,The score is too high... The story unfolds five minutes before the complete debacle. It's a similar development to the architecture introduction. Since it's an old movie, except for the acting of crying, the lines are like robots
10,This kind of melodrama will never come out again. It's a classic.
10,Today, 14 years later, I saw it for the first time, but I can feel that it is a masterpiece.Son Yejin is so good at acting
10,Every scene where Cho Seung Woo comes out, tears just burst out. It's like a shower.; Tears keep falling... A movie about Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's pure sire in their 20s. It's so nice
10,Classical means beautiful
10,I haven't seen this movie in theaters, but it's so refreshing and heart-fluttering
10,My heart aches the more I think about Junha
10,It's a movie that I always think of regardless of the season
10,The songs are all masterpieces ㅜㅜ
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece over time.
10,I can't even count how many times I've seen you
10,A movie that makes you sad and smile
10,My heart is always pounding
10,Wow, Son Yejin...First, Son Yejin who comes out here is not a human
10,A movie that goes well with Kim Kwang Seok's voice
10,I'm proud to see this in the cinema
10,A movie that can't help but make you cry
10,It was so pure and beautiful.
10,It was the longest romance movie I've ever seen
10,I want to buy this movie that I haven't seen itYou can feel the emotion again
10,지 Shit!~~~
10,Thank you very much. It reminds me of something The song is so good
10,I've seen it like 10 times. I don't like forced midwives, but I think Classic kept the line I think it naturally melted down because it matched the appropriate gag code It's 10 out of 10. It's a masterpiece and masterpiece of Korean romance
10,A movie that opens up the golden age of your life that you want to go back to
10,I didn't know there was a movie that made me cry.
10,Son Yejin's photo book video version
10,Oh, good berry, good luck to you. Good bye
10,The best movie of my life ㅜㅜ
10,The best melodrama...
10,I just saw this. This masterpiece...
10,It is a movie that will never come out again.I'm too sentimental to see you again
10,It's a movie full of famous scenes that you can't miss out on ㅜㅜ
10,Cho Seung-woo needs to make more movies soon. I hope to film as many movies as possible at that age.
10,Fresh, pretty, and heartbreaking movie ㅠㅠ This movie is like this. I like it.
10,I watch it again whenever I feed my baby. Even though it's been 15 years, I still feel fresh and excited. The OST adds to the emotional feeling.
10,In my heart, Korean first love movie stopped 15 years agoWith the same background as my parents' pictures in school, I was able to get closer to my sad parents' hard and difficult old days because of their rustic but unspoiled innocence and affection that cannot be felt in modern times
10,It's literally a classic of romance.
8,I enjoyed watching it, but I think the second half is a bit weird
10,I feel so sorry for Tae-su that I am crying...
10,It is late fall of OOO.There has yet to be a Korean melodrama that has not yet reached the level of excellence.
5,I turned it off in the middle...Personally, I didn't think it was funny
10,The only romantic movie that I like.
10,Director Kwak Jae-yong always homage to Hwang Soon-won's shower in his works.  Korean-style heartbreaking and pure love story
10,the ultimate romantic movie
10,It's a sad masterpiece that I saw for the first time at this age. I feel that it is amazing to create love that transcends generations across the 1980s and 2000s.
10,There are two movies that I've watched almost 10 times in my life, Tazza and Classic
10,I am a high school student and I happened to know this movie and it is the best.It was so touching and I watched it for a long time with tears in my eyes. I really need to watch it again later!
10,Please wait for me. I'm going to meet you now
10,I liked the best OST and I loved Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting
10,Son Ye-jin and Jo In-sung's memories are captured. What else do we need?
10,Classic Makes You Think of Your Own Color Over a Decade
10,You have to watch it. I regret seeing you for the first time today.
10,It became my favorite movie. It's a movie that lights up my heart with pure love these days when I'm tired of light love. Each line is so beautiful that I keep remembering it, and I keep thinking about every scene, so I get drunk on classical sensibility. I'm gonna watch it a few dozen times ♡
1,It's a movie that brings back memories, and it's hard to see actors except for Cho Seungwoo
10,It's a masterpiece that makes my heart warm!It's a life romance movie about fateful love!!! Last but not least, the best
10,A movie that shines with the fresh memories of my college days in 2003.
10,I couldn't watch this movie because I was young when it was released, but 15 years later, I can tell that it was a really good movie It's the best
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,I want to give him 1,000 to 10,000 points
10,It reminds me of October.
10,The best... This is a masterpiece
10,I love pretty movies
10,A masterpiece... I hope this kind of movie comes out again
10,Cho Seung-woo said, "Cho Seung-woo." a masterpiece beyond words
10,It's always good to watch.Even though it's been 15 years, I can still feel the thrill of the movie.
10,Perfect harmony of music and video?
10,A really lyrical and Korean movie
10,It's not a coincidence, it's a masterpiece. Thank you!
10,It's a classic movie that doesn't need words
10,It's one of the best movies that doesn't need words
10,I feel so sad I watched it 10 years ago and watched it again, but now that I see it, I'm sadder, so I bawledㅜㅜ
10,Thank you for making a beautiful movie
10,My heart beats when Cho Seungwoo blinks the street lamp ㅠㅠ
10,The best, the best. I can't get rid of my emotions while watching it. Such a beautiful movie. The scene and music were so pretty.
10,It's a great movie in textbooks. It's like a textbook of all melodramas!
6,Son Yejin saved a few scenes. I had high expectations
10,I want to see Son Ye-jin's freshness again while listening to music on a big screen with more than 300 seats.
10,If you're going to make a romance movie, it's going to be classic
10,Even though it's been more than 10 years, I got goosebumps thinking about it.
10,It's a fun movie to watch sometimes. Cho Seungwoo's acting is the best
10,I've never seen a movie that's sensational since it came out in classical music, and as it's hard to come out in the future, it's hard for the current generation to meet violent tendencies and easily roll around I want to beat them up when I see them act and learn
10,How beautiful the shoes! be sad and beautiful
10,Even if it's been more than 5 years, it's still touching
10,Even if I watch it many times, it's so touching.
10,Every time I see him, it makes me feel sad.
10,It's a masterpiece.I wish there was a movie like this now.
10,I think I've seen it more than ten times It's been 15 years, but the best movie of my life!
10,This is real. It's real
10,Top 3 Melo in My Life - Titanic, About Time and Classic.
10,Even if I watch it again, the moving music is good and it is the best movie
10,Fifteen years later, there is no greatest melodrama than classical music.The best melodrama of my life
10,Tears are coming out every time I see it makes me cryIf it's released now, it's at least 5 million Son Yejin.As Cho Seung-woo and Cho In-sung would have gone to 10 million, tears flow without realizing the last scene of Son Ye-jin's reservoir.
10,The love story that I couldn't fulfill when I was pure is very sad. It's very touching
10,Why did I watch this now? ㅜㅜ It's a masterpiece
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life. A movie that touches my heart even when I watch it again
10,Romeo and Juliet, love story...I don't need it anymore. We have this movie 'Classic'.
10,It's a movie that makes your heart flutter and moves you no matter how many times you watch it
10,It's been a long time, but it's a masterpiece that combines sensitivity, humor, and connection.The director's directing ability, which encompasses emotions and tears, stands out.
10,It's my life piece. It's so sad
10,15 years later, I'm still so touched
10,7,500 viewers. Is this real?
10,Who's watching right now? When Cho Seungwoo came running and turned on the street lights, my heart fluttered.
9,I saw Yinghua when I was in middle school for the first time, but I still feel sentimental when I become a high school student.
10,It's a cozy movie. It's really cozy.
10,Are they idiots?What 7,000 viewers mean is that when it is re-released late at night or early in the morning a few thousand days after its release, the number of viewers is 7,000. I'm not saying it was 7,000 when it was released.
10,Thank you!Thank you for making such a good movie.I want to show this movie to my son.
10,It leaves a lot of lingering feelings
10,When the movie was released, only 7,000 people saw it
10,A movie that I can't forget about Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo.It's really fun. It's such a lovely, sad story
1,The Spring Day is Gone Christmas in August. Classic vs. Disappointment
10,You're the best! Really!
10,It was a movie that made me think it was so pretty even when I was 17 years old
10,Wow, I was touched. It's an amazing movie
10,Wow, I was touched. It's an amazing movie
10,I was not interested in this genre, but I became interested after watching this movie And the movie of my life movie
10,A life movie that makes your heart flutter
10,All the movies about first love so far are under classical music.
10,This movie is still interesting
1,Childish and not funny, sentimental
10,The best melodrama in my heart.  It's true that I saw it at the theaterRow
10,It's a good movie Warm ^^
10,I think it's a movie that's not tacky at all and leaves a lingering impression even now that it's 20 OOO.
10,Even if you watch three mournful movies, all three of them are painful.
10,A textbook film about what a man's love should be like
10,The Classic of Korean Melo Film
10,A movie that leaves a lot of lingering feelings. It's new and never gets tired of watching it' If it's re-released.
10,It's a movie that lingers about love
6,Masterpiece Cho Seungwoo, Son Yejin. It's a movie that makes your heart flutter
10,A movie that touches my heart...
7,Love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,The best movie...
10,Such a sad and touching movie. A good movie that leaves a beautiful impression in the world^^
10,It's raining, but I happened to see it on the CGV channel, and it's fun to watch it again. Not to mention Cho Seung-woo and Lee Ki-woo's acting. Son Ye-jin was so pretty and good at acting that I was so into it. It's too bad that it's hard to watch a movie like this these days.
10,Now that you've done it, I'm rewatching it. Now that I think about it, it's Ahn Si-sung's Jo In-sung, Cho Seung-woo, and Son Ye-jin of Negotiation
10,The movie that made me know actor Cho Seungwoo
10,Is this movie's audience real?
10,Even if I watch it again, it's a masterpiece...ㅠㅠT
10,I think Flip and Classic are the best romance movies
10,Cho Seung Woo's romance movie! Let's go again!
10,The best movie of my life. I watch it every year in the chilly autumn
10,It's a movie of my life.
10,The best romance movie in our country.
10,The best movie I've seen over and over again.ㅜ
8,I want to get rained on.
10,a classic classic novel-like film
10,I don't even like romance, but the more I love this movie, the more I feel all the emotions when the OST plays
10,I got goosebumps at the cafe scene of Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
1,It's not classic. It's cliché. an overrated film
10,It's been a long time since I saw T-secretary. It's exciting, fun, and sad. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting is so good Haha
10,It is the best romance movie in Korea ♡♡♡
1,I was surprised that it was a nine-point movie. It's definitely not in the nine-point range.Forced tears. Forced loveThe movie is called virtual, but I don't understand why it's a melodrama about the children's love.It's a thriller twist.I can't criticize the cafe scene of Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin.
8,Cho Seungwoo's acting was 5 stars. Son Yejin's acting was 2 stars. Cho Inseong's acting was 2 stars. OST 5 stars
10,It's a good movie to watch again
10,I don't like romantic movies.There are two movies that touched me...Classic, if only...
10,After watching this movie, I cried a lot in the second half and it became my life movieSome of my friends said it was cheesy and tacky because it was an old movie, but I was more than my parents' generation in the late 1960s, when the innocence and freshness that are not found these days stimulated my emotions
10,How many times did I cry? I think it's a masterpiece that depicts the first love that everyone wanted I really feel that it is a work that can be re-released beyond the times. I would like to thank the director for allowing me to feel new emotions through this work.
5,Without fantasy, the movie's basic scenarios, ideas, and subjects that create a fantasy romance atmosphere are excellent. However, it is regrettable that expressions of discomfort and emotions, acting, and selling emotions too often.
10,You might think the story is tacky in the beginning, but let's say it's classic. I watched it more than 20 times thinking that there will be a day when I can have this pure love It won't turn into my life movie even after a few OOO years
10,It was fresh and pure The movie of my life movie. an unforgettable masterpiece
10,It's the best movie that I can pick as a masterpiece because I don't like Korean movies. I didn't miss a single moment from start to finish. The music, the background, the emotion, the acting, everything is flawless. It's a movie that incorporates classic emotions that can't be imitated in this day and age.
10,The best movie of my life. What are you doing? You didn't give me 10 points
8,After watching the movie, I felt the feeling of excitement after a long time. Can I really love this kind of love in reality, just like the old movie itself?
10,by chance, by chance, by chance, but by no means
10,I get emotional no matter how many times I watch it
2,The rating is around 9 points? I can't believe it. I wonder how fun it would be because I heard so much about masterpieces.I watched it while doing it, and it wasn't that I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it, but the movie was just so bad. All you need to see is Cho Seungwoo's acting and Son Yejin's face. I admire Jo In-sung's poor acting
10,I cried at the end
10,Fifteen years later, a masterpiece is still a masterpiece
10,I'm so touched.♡♡♡
10,My heart is pounding...ㅜㅜ
10,I haven't watched the movie yet, but I'll give you 10 points before you watch itIs it a masterpiece?
10,I like romance movies. ㅠㅠ Is it really your favorite movie? If you're a couple, make sure to watch it It's like a movie that reminds me of my first love
10,The best masterpiece. The best masterpiece
10,Even if the acting is awkward and the story is cliche, let's say it's classic rather than tacky
10,Will there be a movie that can express the emotions and longing of the 2000s?
8,There are a lot of things that seem forced, but the emotions are the best
10,I can't believe I'm watching this now.ㅜㅜㅜㅜIt's my life movie ㅜㅜ 너무 It's so sad but beautiful story ㅜㅜ
10,Top 5 Best Movies of My Life
7,Cho Seungwoo, put Jo Inseong on Son Yejin
10,A masterpiece that makes me cry no matter how many times I watch it. a movie of one's life
10,The best movie of my life, cast OST story, everything was perfect
10,The best melodrama in Korean film history.
10,Even if it didn't come true, it's a blessing to be able to love like this before you die
10,It's my first time seeing you when I was 28. It's so nice. A few days ago, I met my first love in 12 years, and I was so nervous and excited. While watching the movie, it reminds me of that time
10,Even if I watch it again, it's the best...
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,When I think of this movie, I only think of this song to you
10,It is a work that contains pure first love. Heartbreaking love seems to be something like this
10,It's been a while since I've seen it, but it's still touching
10,Oh, my.   It reminds me of her
10,It's the best. For those who haven't seen it, you have to watch it
10,Classic is the best...
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
10,A very impressive and moving romance movie.
10,The story, actor, and acting skills were all good.
10,the best movie without words
9,It's one of the few Korean movies that still makes me moved.
10,My heart hurts again when I see OO again. Real love
10,They said it was founded. The best melodrama
10,Don't talk about romance without looking at this. Out of all the dramas and movies, Korean romance is the best!
1,No, Eva. What's this?
10,Sigh... I cried...
10,I finally saw it at the recommendation of my acquaintance, but it's touching...
10,It's still a masterpiece. I've never seen a melodrama like this before.
10,I cried a lot while watching itㅠㅠ It reminds me of a novel, a shower
10,When I watched this during school lunch, it was just a boring movie, but now I'm watching it again, it's one of the top 5 Korean movies
10,It's so much fun. It's a sentimental feeling that you can't feel in movies these days.
9,I want to fall into Son Yejin's eyes.
10,Even though I knew it was a masterpiece, it was better than I expected. It was a pure and touching story, an OST that fits well, and so on. Son Ye-jin is definitely pretty and Cho Seung-woo is really good at acting.
10,Pure, heartbreaking love.
10,It's a really cool movie. It's a trick
2,I've never seen such a boring movie in my life
10,It's just god god...really
8,Except for the music, direction, and settings that try to cry at the end, it is a perfect movie. The actors expressed the fresh love of the time well and the OST is good. It is a good movie to watch in autumn
10,It was nice to feel the pure love of that era
10,Aside from everything else, this movie deserves 10 points for Cho Seungwoo's acting skills How can that act be a 23-year-old's acting? Other actors are really bad at acting. They're bad at acting
10,It's been 15 years since I saw such a masterpieceWhy did I watch this now?I've seen so many movies in my 29 years of life, but I'm not lying. It's my first time to leave a comment like this. I was a fan of Son Yejin, but it's the best movie of my life. Thank you I recommend it
10,I think Cho Seungwoo really liked Son Yejin... The acting was amazing
10,A pure movie that touches you. A movie that you want to watch again. A movie that you won't get tired of
10,Son Yejin is so pretty ㅠㅠ
10,Perfect acting performance by the cast. Unrealistic yet realistic solid storytelling.
10,It's a movie that's not tacky at all even if you watch it now
10,October, Over the Rainbow, Classic... It's the best melodrama. It's touching to watch it 100 times. If you haven't watched three movies, make sure to watch them! If you don't feel anything, and you're bored, it means that your emotions are dry.
10,It's been 15 years since I've seen classical music again. My heart fluttered and sentimental.I think this is really my first love
8,It is a movie that can only be called "classic" because it contains romance from those days. It is literally a classic, but it is a movie that flexibly unravels its cliché. the epitome of Korean romance
10,It's fun to watch it again.
10,There are a lot of sloppy parts, but it's a really good movie
1,I looked at the score and looked forward to seeing my heart flutter, but I was so disappointed. The story is boring and the whole thing feels like something is cutting off. And 15 years ago, Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, Jo In-sung acted really awkwardly. I don't watch it twice as fast.--;;;
1,I don't usually write reviews...The whole time I watched was a waste of time. When I watch a movie, I take into account some coincidences...The far-fetched probability was beyond words. And I was appalled by the dragging development. It is likely to remain the worst movie I've ever seen personally.
10,I cried again at dawn.My favorite movie
10,I burst into tears no matter how many times I see it.
10,A really good movie.A movie that reminds me of my first love.Beautiful video, music, actor...  It is a movie that makes me feel good.
10,I only got 10 stars. Oh no...I want to give you 10 million more points.Can I be perfect no matter what the music is about?It is the best romance movie in Korea. So far, I've seen it exactly 13 times.
4,I only thought about classic scenes, but I've never seen such a complicated, pathetic, and head-breaking romance before, when Jo In-sung was a rookie actor with poor acting skills, his immersion flow was broken, and the only memorable story was that he exchanged necklaces
10,I think this was really famous. 7,514 people?The ratings are good, and the box office is a total failure. I heard the famous "Temptation of Wolves" was like that. I thought it would be tricked by Kang Dong-won's famous scene, but it wasn't that long
10,I want to see it again with Secretary Kim again. As expected, "God-jak."
10,It's been a few years and it's still very touching ㅠㅠ I'll give you 10 points later crying
10,I guess I did. To you, to me, you
10,A good movie. A sensibility over generations.
10,Moments that will never come back. The best movie I'll never see again.
10,I'm excited and sad ㅜㅜ Why did I watch it now?I thought it wasn't funny, so I didn't watch it.Cho Seungwoo. Son Yejin.Only the people I like come out
10,It's a beautiful love beyond the times^^ I think it's the best movie I've ever seen. ♡
10,I wonder why I saw it now.  Excited and sad
10,I really enjoyed watching the best BGM actors' acting skills.
10,Just watch it. My age is 39. Awesome In 2003, I was discharged from the army a year ago, and I didn't expect to see this movie now. It's a beautiful movie. I shed a lot of tears and shed a lot of emotions that I've forgotten for a long time. It's the best
10,Cho Seung-woo's acting after coming back from the war was the best
10,It's the best. It's a masterpiece that will remain in Korean film history. A must-see movie before you die.
8,Jo In Seong, you're not interested and don't care. Why are you following me around and saying mean things?  He always flips his hands out of his hands out of the blue
8,The scene where Jo In Seong came out became a hot topic, but Jin Kook is Cho Seung Woo
10,I still remember crying while watching the movie at the movie theater during my private vacation. A movie that I will never forget
10,It's been a while since I showed it on TV. It's so goodSo fresh
10,When I really want to cry, I always take it out. When the sun shines on the sea, I think of you.
10,I saw him when he was 20 years old. The best movie of my life
10,They're affectionate, pitiful, and pure
10,It's more than the best movie, and it's an ensemble of OSTs.
10,I can't believe I'm feeling the delicate hearts of the characters that I couldn't read in the theater 15 years ago.A masterpiece of flawless romance!
10,Such a beautiful movie that makes me cry again. It's a classic, a movie of my life. A movie that lingers in my heart for a long time. a picturesque film
10,I've seen him once or twice a year since I was in middle school, but I'm in my late 20s. 10 years have passed, but I'm still moved
10,a movie that serves as the standard and measure of romance
10,It's a classic movie ㅠㅠ I always think of this movie
10,It's the best. It's good to see.
10,Why did I finally see this masterpiece? It's my first time feeling sorry to the director after watching a movie It was really, really great. Story, acting, video, music...I can't sleep. What should I do?
10,A masterpiece. I'm going to watch it again
10,a masterpiece that still touches one's heart
10,If I were a director, there are some disappointing scenes that can be changed to a masterpiece, but I think it's okay to give 10 points because it's the best movie among Melo movies.
10,I'm excited from the first scene. It's a movie with calm canon music and beautiful scenery of nature. I recommend a movie that's good to watch many times.
10,The last coincidence of Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin came to me because Son Ye-jin understood her mother's love story as if it were her own... And Jo In-sung naturally passed on love through his father's necklace... Humor in between... In particular, Son Yejin's double role wins...
10,It's a movie that rewets the emotions that used to be dry in the present era.
10,I can't get rid of my lingering feelings.
10,Masterpiece of my life. Masterpiece, masterpiece. Okay
10,I borrowed it from a video when I was young, and in the meantime, I experienced my first love, married someone other than that first love, and watched this movie, so I could feel this movie properly. And the fresh acting of the main characters, who are now the representative actors of Korea, was really.
10,It's the best. It's a movie that's still impressive
10,Movie of my life ㅠㅠ real sad bboo
10,Yejin noona is so pretty.
10,One of the best romance movies in Korea! The best movie of my favorite movie!
10,It leaves a deep impression. And my heart aches...
10,A movie that makes you feel overwhelmed by just looking at it, a classic
10,Literally classic. classic.
10,I hope you can feel the heart-breaking and warm love story
10,a textbook of Korean love films
10,It's a sentimental feeling that's hard to express in words.
10,I really enjoyed watching it!It's heartwarming and touching!
10,It's so nice because it's so sad and calm.
10,Do you remember me sometimes?Whether it's a rainy day like today or a day like yesterday...
10,Classic of my youth and still classic
10,Yes, that's great. It's sad and beautiful
10,It's a movie that makes a faint smile and tears coexist
10,The best movie of my life. I don't know what kind of melodrama will come out in the future, but I don't think there will be a better movie than classical music
10,I feel so sad no matter how many times I look back
10,Analogue emotions...The Essence of Melo
10,There is no need for words. Video-like production. Touching tears. I will proudly put it up as one of the best Korean movies of my life.
10,It's a good movie to watch. My favorite movie!
8,I miss you all the time. Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
10,It's a masterpiece! I love Cho Seungwoocrying
10,It's just my favorite movie of my 20 year old life. I saw it for the first time when I was in elementary school, and it was so sad and good
10,I think I saw it at the theater about four times. I miss you again because of Sugarman.
10,I hope it's released again
10,I hope it's released again
10,It's a masterpiece, a tearful but beautiful movie... It's a movie where you can feel the pain of history and your first love. It's like watching a novel. Actor, story, OST, everything is perfect.
10,The name of this movie reminds me of myself.First love. Kim Marjeok. The movie I should have seen with you.
10,an undoubtedly immortal masterpiece
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.I'm touched. It's a beautiful movie that stays in my heart all the time even after the movie is over and brings out my dim memories of my youth
6,Overall, the atmosphere is good and the acting is good, but there's a bit of a boring feeling
10,As time goes by, classical music lasts forever.Like a shower that pours heavily and passes by, youth always shines brilliantly when looking back, decorating the time of life.
10,The best movie of my life that I cry every time I see even though I know the movie
10,A masterpiece that I can't forget no matter how many times I look at it
10,It's only on the re-release of the audience
10,I like everything, but I can't focus when Jo In Seong comes out
10,I watched it again because I suddenly remembered my pretty sister, but the more I saw it, the more I felt sad and sad.
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,My favorite movie. It's so good to watch whenever I think of it
10,Son Ye-jin, a perfect classic melodrama, is a genius
10,Junha... That Junha is Junha
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! The movie that makes me want to love :) I think I trust and watch director Kwak Jae-yong's worksHahaha
10,I cried while watching it because it reminded me of a rainy day
10,I watched it again a few days ago and I was still touched. This is the only movie that time flies while watching a melodrama.The atmosphere, music, story, acting, everything
10,I really enjoyed it ^^
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words. I think I've seen this movie five times.It's a renaming work
10,I hope it's re-releasedㅠㅠ the best movie in many ways
7,It is one of my favorite movies, but objectively, I am not sure about the completeness.
10,The best... I don't know how to express it in words
10,Wow, 15 years later, it's still a masterpieceSon Yejin is so pretty and the actor...
10,Just as Ji-hye feels the emotions of Joo-hee and Jun-ha in the past in the movie, the emotions of classical music 15 years ago are conveyed to me. A masterpiece of sensibility that transcends time. Do you think this movie will be loved until decades later?
10,If you don't need words, just look
8,It was so tacky. Lee Kiwoo's high school acting... Jo In-sung's bad acting... I didn't want to watch a movie in the middle of a tacky old story. But the OST and the latter half of the 30 minutes fascinated me. If I see this movie again next time, I will give 10 points
10,Times have changed and the way you love has changed a lot these days, but I hope that this kind of emotion will not always change
10,Kim Kwang-seok and Jatan-style song OST selection was the highlight of the movie.
10,I want to go back to 2003 when this movie was released when I was a college student. It's already been 15 years.
10,Movie that comes to mind when it's cloudy and rainy day... It's so nice.
1,Kwak Jae-yong's movie has no answerThe synopsis is a chronic problem, except for the pretty female lead
10,I watched it again today and it was so sad. It is a perfect melodrama with the pure love of youth in the 60s and 70s and the fresh love of youth in the 2000s
10,It's so nice to see it againIt reminds me of the past. Son Yejin, you're really good at acting~~^^
1,It's not that I'm not getting married, but if I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it with Son Ye-jin. Drama, movie. If I'm going to get married, I'm going to let you go for a simple reason. It wasn't a great love. I guess the person who got married to them is trying to look more sad
10,Hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand!
10,The only thing I can say is that it's a masterpiece
10,Movie of life! Words are meaningless no more.
10,King Yejin, I love youㅠ
10,It's a masterpiece! It's the best!
10,The classical music that I learned through Korean fingerprints, and I forgot about it, so I watched it, and it was really touching.
10,It's a classic
10,Joohee didn't get married and waited until Junha came back.
10,It is a movie that I want to watch again.
10,When the sun shines on the sea, I think of you. It's a masterpiece, no matter how many times I see it
10,The Bible of First Love. There's no first love movie for me that beats this oneYou can also see Son Yejin from her prime
10,The movie I saw in the military camp...Every time I watch this movie, I think of my life as a guard.
9,Personally, it's my life work. A movie that makes you cry even after watching it dozens of times. It's a movie from Kwak Jae-yong's heyday.
2,a B-rated movie
10,The best movie, still the best of romance
7,The actors said that they looked very young, but it was a movie 15 years ago.Wow...
10,Oh, my God.Oh, my God.
7,Jo In Seong is also an acting assistant... Looking at it now, I'm terrible at acting. Reading Korean books
10,This kind of movie is a masterpiece
10,The love story between Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin is sad and sad, so I cry even when I watch the sculpture video of the happy scene.
10,It's different from when I turned 30 years old when I was a teenager
10,Son Yejin's beauty is killing me.
10,유례없는
10,a masterpiece that will remain in Korean cinema forever
10,It's been a while since I've seen it again, and as I get older, my feelings change a little. I was just sad when I was young, but now I feel sad and miss it, and I think I've forgotten my ideal type
10,I watched it again after a long time and I cried my eyes out.The classic that I saw in my 20s...The clackish movie I watched in my 30s was wrong...
10,The number of people watching this masterpiece...   Even if it's re-released, there will be a lot of audience
10,Every time I look at it, I feel differently
10,This is the second time I got goosebumps after watching the best movie of my life
10,It's a pretty movie that reminds me of my sentimental first love and makes my heart flutter
10,It's been 15 years since its release, but I think it's a movie that touches my heart once again in my life that I've lived for more than half a centuryIt's a masterpiece. Son Yejin is the best·
10,The most Korean and complete romance
10,It's been 15 years, but I'm still happy to see this movie My favorite movie with eraser in my head
10,It's so touchingYejin noona
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,Re-release recommendation. I watched it at the theater on the opening day of my second year of high school. I want to watch it again  I've seen it 30 times so far, but I laugh and cry every time.I strongly recommend that you re-release it How can Titanic be a big deal Classic is the best for me
10,ㅠㅠ The best... I can't just say the best
10,I've watched it 10 times and hundreds of times, but there's no melodrama like this movie I think this movie is the best melodrama of my life, combining Korean sentiments and everything in the era. And the love that has been achieved over generations...I think it's a deep romantic movie. Thank you.
10,It's so cool even now.Director Kwak is so cool
10,I love Ost And Son Yejin is so pretty and good at acting... crying
10,I can't believe only 7,400 people have seen such a masterpiece.ㅜㅜ If it was released now, it would have gone to 10 million.I feel emotional and overwhelmed watching this movie.It's a really well-made movie. I'm at the wrong time.ㅈ
10,The best movie of my life. The movie that made me realize that it touched my heart. The movie that made me so happy to watch.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It's a movie that reminds you of your first love
10,I still watch movies with tears in my eyes
10,It's just 10 points.
10,I watched it again because it rained after a few years, and I laughed and cried because I was so into it. It is a work that is highly completed and beautiful in many ways.
10,The best first love movie...
10,The movie that I watch again whenever I think of it ♡
10,7000 viewers. Is it real?jQuery2240838348204144557_1522818404907? If it was released now, it would have been 7 million won. ㅠㅠ One of the greatest masterpieces in the wrong era ㅠㅠ
10,Life movie... I wish it would be re-released again
10,If it's re-released, I don't get a discount and I want to see it whenever I have
10,This movie is amazing. Why did I watch it now?
10,I saw it again I'm tearing up ㅜㅜ Thank you for the beautiful movie! I don't think there's a movie like this.
8,It's a classic story like the title, but the fresh and fresh images of the actors who are now the best have become a big attraction and source of the movie, making it a movie that makes me happy even now.  I liked the music in the movie so much that I bought the OST for the first time.
10,If you haven't seen it, make sure to watch it.
10,The movie that I still remember is the best
10,http://m.insight.co.kr/news/147805 Classic Reopening confirmed!
10,The movie that lingers...
10,It's a movie that's touching even if you watch it again. It's a movie where the pure emotions of the actors of that time are buried in their acting.
10,I'm buying classic eyes. I want to feel the emotion that I saw for the first time again...It contains the story of a pure and painful first love.
10,This is a movie. This is a movie and the song is so good
10,I watched it because I like Son Yejin. You're so good
10,Is there a love that makes my heart flutter?
10,I've seen many movies, but it's my first time to get a rating. It's the best movie of my life. I'm urging my acquaintances to watch it. If you're thinking about whether to read it or not, make sure to read my comment Definitely!
8,Son Yejin, who was underrated for her pretty looks, is an actress who really wanted to act There are some parts that stand out from time to time. The setting is great and the movie is as sentimental as the OST.
10,The number one romantic movie in Korea
10,It is really the best movie.
10,Do you need words, Cho Seungwoo?It's Son Yejin
9,2003 Kwak Jae-yong (12A) > Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, Jo In-sung >> To you, I... To me, you're...
10,Will there be another movie like this?a film that will last forever
10,This movie seems to cry every time I see it ㅠㅠ even though I know everything about it ㅠㅠ huuuuuong OST is the best movie
10,A masterpiece of a melodrama that doesn't need words!
10,It's the most touching love story movie of my life
10,First love movie that will remain in Korean movie history...Beautiful and sad
8,Because of Jo In Sung and Cho Seung Woo, it's not fair to see Son Ye Jin's husband as a squid.lol
10,I really don't think this kind of movie will come out again.It's more sentimental to hear Kim Kwang Seok's voice.
6,I don't understand. Why you want to break up, why you kill yourself, it was funny in the beginning. I guess I'm not good at understanding. I personally didn't find it funny.
10,It's still a movie that makes me feel sick and teary ㅠㅠ It's really a masterpiece
10,It's the best classic movie that'
10,There's no need for words. The best Korean movie of my life
10,Love is beautiful. And still believe in love.
10,Even today, by chance, the purity, love, touching that still remains, 10 years have passed, and my heart aches.
10,Can you feel this emotion in movies these days? I cried when Jihye couldn't hide her happy smile
10,It's a masterpiece of Korean melodrama that's comparable to the original Japanese version
10,The best movie of my life. I can't watch this kind of melodrama until I die. I can still feel the lingering emotions after seeing it for the first time
9,Oh, that person... That love...crying
10,I salute the movie that has become a legend of Korean melodrama.
10,The first movie review in my life.Their love is so pure and beautiful all the time I see them even though I happened to see them a few years ago, and I can't get out of the lingering emotions and binge watch the movie OST.
10,I'm so excited and sweet ㅠㅠT
9,It's old-fashioned, but it still lingers in my mind.
10,It's been a long time since I thought of it, so I watched it, but it's been a long time since I felt this sad and sad feeling.I cried my eyes out with that gloomy feeling, and Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's acting was the best!
10,I shouldn't have seen it. I can't sleep at this late hour Cho Seungwoo's acting is the best. Now I'm a fan of Cho Seungwoo!
10,Personally, I think it is one of the legendary Korean melodrama movies that has been and will continue to be in the top of my fingers.
10,I'm going to meet you now. I'm seeing you again.It's a movie that came out when Son Yejin was 22 years old. There's no such young fraudulent actress these days.
9,A masterpiece is definitely a masterpiece
10,It hurts, but it's a really warm, lovely movie.I cried a lot but I was happy I hope that the happiness I feel now will not be broken.I'd like to say thank you to everyone involved in the movieI love you!
10,I've only lived for 30 years, but it's definitely my favorite movie. I was crying and pulling my hair out...It's still lingering.The rain has gotten better
10,It's just the pinnacle of Korean romance movies, The Classic
9,A necklace of inevitable coincidences represents everything in this movie
10,Even the title is perfect. The movie I love
10,My first love comes to mind.
10,A movie that touches my heart 15 years after the synergy of harmony of three singing actors and actresses ㅜㅜ
10,I cried for the first time in a while ㅠㅠ I have to go back to study, but I keep crying
1,Korean movies = trash movies
8,It's my second time but it's really fun.
10,Cho Seungwoo, I love you
8,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,It's a perfect score. There are too many letters, NAVER kids
10,The best masterpiece. What else can I say?
10,On a rainy day...a heartbreaking remark
10,It's a no-nonsense.
10,I watched it alone at home
10,It's a legendary movie that reminds you of your first love
10,There are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who saw it once.
10,If it's Son Yejin in the movie, a man wouldn't hug her
10,I'm going to watch it againI can't believe the audience was this big.I had no idea.I thought we had more than 2 million hearts back then...I've seen it on video, but...My favorite movie
8,It would have been better if I had made a movie from my mom's point of view. The probability is also a bit disappointing. If you watched it at a young age, you would have watched it well. Now that I'm a college student, it's worth watching I liked Kim Kwang Seok's songs and OSTs that fit well with the movie. It's a great song
9,The movie that I liked more because it was childish
10,I dare say it's the best movie of my life
10,I can't get enough of this movie ㅠㅠ... It's been a while since I've seen him, and he's shedding tears and runny nose, and it's still lingering. Cho Seungwoo's acting is definitely the best
3,A fairy tale love story that is only good for a 13-year-old boy and girl who are unlikely and unrealistic. I agree with the OST
9,The story of a girl left behind, not a boy in a shower.Afterwards... It was sad, but the story was cut off
10,It's a movie from the military.At the time, Yejin's prime...I miss that time.Time flies...
9,When it was released, it was an elementary school student. Now that the storyline is well organized, the times are just numbers, just like the title, the classic of someone forever
10,It was sad and nice to see again. The unasked innocence and love of those days finally made me cry.
10,The movie that I watched and liked with my first love is more sentimental and touching...Soyoung, even though time has passed, we were so happy when we think about that time^^ Even now, the music of this movie reminds me of you
10,I think there will be a lot of people who will go to see it even if it'
10,It's dawn when I think of her who broke up
10,It's so much fun. I learned a lot
10,The song that fits the scene is very memorable and Cho Seung Woo and Son Ye Jin's acting made the viewers happy throughout
10,The movie that came out when I was just starting to walk. I think I know why this movie remained in the minds of many people all this time. It's such a good movie.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Each cut is a poster and a work of art
10,What do you mean write 10 letters?
10,A movie that makes you keep watching and watching
10,I watched this movie in the theater when I was a fresh middle school student. My friend and I both cried when Cho Seung-woo was caught pretending to be seen at the end. Now that I'm 30 years old, I've been smiling the whole time I've been watching this movie againIt's a memory for me. If there is Titanic abroad, it is classic in Korea
10,The best movie, Cho Seungwoo. Awesome
10,A masterpiece. The best melo in Korea
10,The movie that three men watched while smoking makgeolli in the living room is the best movie.
10,The best romance movie of my life!
5,As a college student now, it is a movie with 5 points, but if I was a college student at the time that movie came out, I would have given 10 points
10,I entered university in 2016, but I think it was a special lecture on the college entrance exam
10,Love sometimes makes a relationship a miracle.Old love can't be so beautiful.
10,It's a good movie. I sometimes think of it.
10,I was young when I first saw him about 15 years ago when I was 17 years old, but now that I am over 30 years old, I feel sadder and more sentimental.
10,a heartbreaking film
10,The one who gives 1 point to himself is the robot itself
4,I got a recommendation, but it's totally beyond my expectation. I hope you don't pay for it.
10,Actor Son Yejin is so pretty, he acts so well, and actor Cho Seungwoo acts so well. I really enjoyed watching the movie.It is very sentimental and touching, and I think it is the most interesting and sentimental movie in Korea.It's a movie that lingers after watching it.Don't watch it before you go to bed. You can't sleep even if you're tired
10,Calm and heart-fluttering...It's a movie that makes my heart ache. It's an old movie, but...The movie that left so many lingering emotions and impressions that it still counts as the best movie of my life...
10,It's crazy. I keep thinking about it
10,I hope it's re-released again!
10,It is a movie that I watched through the introduction of a female teacher outside of our school, and it is so touching. Because of love, they devoted their lives passionately for love, and their hearts become warm^^ Thank you to the directors and actors who made this movie.
10,This movie shocked me the most, if you haven't watched it yet, make sure to watch it. It's a masterpiece. The best actor who made me remember Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, and Jo In-sung. The perfect story that I'll see again over time!
10,Really!!! This is my life movie.If you haven't seen this movie, please! Take a day off and watch it with your lover
10,I can't forget it after watching it. The song reminds me of a movie. If you listen to "The More We Love" on a rainy day, it's like watching a movie again. Make sure you watch the movie. I don't like Korean melodrama, but this movie broke the prejudice. If there was no one who didn't watch it,
10,It's my first time to get a movie rating.I think there will be a long lingering effect for the next few days...I cried by myself ㅠㅠ 앞으로 I think we'll see each other again and again
1,Why am I so boring? I can't really relate to it
10,Even if I watch it again. Even if I watch it 10 times.You're the best!
10,15 years old movie... It's the best.
10,When the sun shines on the sea, I think of you When the faint moonlight floats on the spring water, I think of you
10,I'm crying... ㅠㅠㅠ
10,If you're not impressed by this movie, you're a psychopath  It's the legendary Korean Melo
9,I was touched by Cho Seungwoo, but I was disappointed with the ending.
1,It's cringe-worthy. I thought the bones and flesh were separated.
10,I think I saw him more than 10 times. Is Cho Seungwoo acting for real?Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin. They're in their early and mid 20s.Look at her acting. Would Suzy have done well if she played that role?I got 9.5 points for acting and the rest is OST
10,It is a luxury of Korean movie.
10,It was so sad, but I'll never forget the first time I saw a movie that I enjoyed
10,It's a masterpiece even after time passes.
10,It's the best romance movie I've ever seen. My age is 37... I've already seen you in your 20s, but now I'm touched by something else. Memories of your first and last love
10,Son Yejin is so pretty ㅠㅠㅠ
10,The first movie on January 1st...It's always a masterpiece. I drink soju and spend the new year alone I wish you all the best...
10,Now I see it. It's a very fresh and pretty movie. ㅠㅠㅎ
8,I had such a strong love in high school.The music is good
10,When the sun shines on the sea, I think of you When the faint moonlight floats on the spring water, I think of you I can't forget the eyes of Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
10,I've seen it more than 10 times, but it's beautiful and touching every time I see it.
10,I don't usually cry, but I cried for the first time after watching this movie No, it spilled Cho Seungwoo's acting is very important The pure love of that era...  You can't even compare architectural concepts Watch it three times. It's my favorite movie
10,It's fun to watch it again. Son Yejin is so pretty
10,Masterpiece! The best movie of my life
10,The best movies, the best music, the best actors
10,I'm grateful that I can feel this way even now
10,At first, the narration and acting... So I didn't watch it. If I didn't watch it, I would have gotten big the real thing
10,The best movie of my life that I can't get tired of even after watching it 100 times
10,A legendary melodrama representing Korea with Christmas in August.You can see the prime days of Cho In-sung, who was fresh, and Son Ye-jin, who was full of innocence.
10,I'll watch it again when it's re-released
10,I thought it was a sad first love story. I got goosebumps at the last twist
10,I want to go back to that era with analog sensitivity
10,It's a romantic movie that's so sentimental that you can't forget about the beautiful scenery and comic^^
10,You have to see how touching it's
10,Last but not least, Cho Seungwoo pretends he's not.Son Yejin knows that and watches... Your acting was so good. So far, Korean Melo movies are my number one...
10,Beautiful. Beautiful video and beautiful story.And the music is beautiful
10,It's a movie that made me realize the word "sentimental" and "memories" deep in my heart
10,Son Ye-jin hasn't changed at all. Vampires, I agree
10,If there is Titanic in foreign countries, there is classical music in Korea. It's fun to watch it again and again. You're so good at expressing the innocence of the past. It's a movie that I think deserves praise for its background, directing, and director's ability
10,I happen to see you on TV and cry again.
10,I really enjoyed it. Cho Seungwoo, Jo Inseong, Son Yejin are the best
10,I watched it at my grandmother's house when I was young, but afterwards, I was an elementary school student, and it made me feel weird
10,It's already my fifth time sending it back
10,The best movie that doesn't need words...Did Jaeyong really make this? I can't believe it.
10,The movie I own. One of my best movies ^^.  10 out of 10.
10,Architecture? Well...You'll know when you see it
10,It's the first time I've registeredDuring the summer rainy season last year, my Korean teacher played a movie that I should watch on a rainy day. It was so fun and touching that I watched it countless times. I've seen so many lines in the next scene, but I remember them when it rains
10,It's the best movie ever. I miss you again
10,Who is your first love? Suzy is an older brother and Son Yejin is an old man. I'm an old man.
10,a classicly beautiful film
10,The best melodrama of my life! Ten years ago, when I first saw it at the age of 20, I dreamed of my first love, and I could feel the picturesque rural scenery and atmosphere of the 70s and 80s in the past. The scene of the cabin in the rain and the scene by the pond with the beautiful bridge are unforgettable scenes.
8,The movie is a little slow and boring, but the completeness of the movie is very good. Some actors' acting is a little ambiguous, but I am sure that I will be amazed after watching the ending.
10,What a beautiful movie.^^ I thought Korean movies would be childish, but I enjoyed the movie that made my heart flutter^^
10,Masterpiece is a masterpiece. I agree
10,I watched it late, but I'm surprised and grateful that there was a movie like this. I always thought that Japanese melodrama had its own color, but I realized that Korea could make a melodrama with beautiful visual beauty while watching this movie. And a lovely actor and music...
10,I saw him in high school. It was so much fun. I still remember that feeling back then.
10,I've seen it so many times, but it's so touching
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I think it's the best for a melodrama. Seeing Joo Joo-yeon's fresh appearance in the past makes me feel very emotional. Thank you.
10,A really good movie. I think I know why it's so popular.
10,I'm seeing this now. It's the best!
10,I recommend it if you want to feel the sensitivity of the time when this movie came out.
9,0.5 points off for someone's poor acting skills. Other than that, story music and all that is good. A thousand hearings are not worth one seeing.
8,Now, of course, the story and the probability OST that they solve are not excellent. The desperate and affectionate emotions of those days are comparable to those of the present. Honestly, it was a little boring, but when I slowly ruminated on it, every single scene was worth it.
10,Wow, that's the best. King God General
10,Theater, TV, downloaded more than 20 times.It's been re-released and I'm watching it on the big screen.As if I've never seen you before, I'm excited, I miss you.I'm just thankful that I was born in this era and I can enjoy masterpieces like this
10,A beautiful movie that blends well with the Ost
10,It's been a decade since I saw you. Ah, it's different from that time. This story touches my heart better now. It is so nice to see Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, and Cho In-sung's fresh days again.ㅠㅠ It's a very warm movie.
10,When I was young, I watched it at a movie theater, and it was the best Korean melodrama ever cast.
8,Maybe it's because it's the first time I've seen this generation. It must be a masterpiece, given its rustic nature.
10,A movie that makes you cry just by looking at it. Classic is forever
10,I can't get my emotions back.The darkness won't go away.
10,A movie that reminds me of everyone's first love or pure love...
8,I watched it 10 years ago and it's still fun!
10,It's a life movie that doesn't need words.
10,I can only describe it as the best. Their youth was splendid and full of love
10,My favorite movie. Even if I watch it more than 10 times, it's good every time I watch it. Jo In-sung is...
10,Seeing him in the theater, it felt new. Even Jo In-sung's awkward acting was so good
10,Thank you for re-release It would be a shame if you didn't see such a masterpiece in the theater. I'm sure you'll never make a movie like this again It's a masterpiece that will go down in history. Son Yejin is also a never-before-seen actress It's more than beauty It's a beauty that no one else will ever have
10,I was very sad and heartbroken when I watched this movie.
10,It's the best even if I watch it 10 times. It's nice to see you 15 years later
10,Such a pretty movie...
10,It's not just a classic perfume, but it's a beautiful movie because it captures the moments when you feel the joy of love and the pure expression like forever. Son Ye-jin's calm narration, which seems to be reading a literary book, is also good, and above all, the role of OST was really big.
10,I'm like the sunset~
10,What's the use of the best horse!
10,A movie you want to love when you watch alone. A movie you fall in love with when you watch it together
9,Why am I so bad at making melodramas these days?
10,It was re-released and it was fun
10,Aside from everything else, the production is so goodI don't think it'll be tacky even if it comes out nowI especially like the OST
10,I saw it after re-release, and it's been 14 years, but it's not tacky at all and the production is also
10,It's just so nice Son Yejin, Cho Seungwoo, Jo Inseong are so fresh and the scene is still coming to mind
8,It's like the standard of romance. It's fun to watch.I want to give you 8.6 points
10,Even though I was in a hurry to go to the bathroom, I was afraid I'd miss a scene in the middle, so I held it in and watched it until the end. I really liked how we looked at each other purely.
10,I can't forget a masterpiece
6,a childish and improbable development The Vietnamese scene is even homage to Forest Gump.
10,Shaking, shuddering, shuddering, shuddering
10,I was sorry that I couldn't watch it at the theater, so I thought I should watch it this time. I've seen countless famous scenes on YouTube and I've already seen them all, but I can't help but cry. I don't like romance and romance, but I don't get tired of watching classical music.
10,Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin, who were so fresh and sentimental, must have been in their early 20s, but how can they act so wellㅜㅜ
9,A good movie. A movie you must be watched
9,I watched it on DVD 6 years ago and I remembered the music insertion songs. It's still a masterpiece. Son Yejin Cho Seungwoo is so beautiful
10,It's the movie of my life movie. It lingers for a long time.
10,The movie that keeps coming to mind...The reason why Cho Seung-woo, Son Ye-jin's desperate first love, beautiful visual beauty, and beautiful OST are called masterpieces. It's the best movie where even me who didn't live in that era can feel nostalgic
10,Thank you for the re-release. I really enjoyed it.
9,It's from 2003. I don't know why such a warm melodrama is rare these days. It's exciting to watch a movie theater exhibition again
8,I want you to remake this work. It's the best masterpiece if you just cut off the flow in the middle, but it feels like you got the title of a masterpiece with famous lines from famous scenes
10,Even if it's a painful love, it's love
10,It's so beautiful.a keen sensibility
10,A masterpiece... I can't express it in other words
10,Woo Yeonhee... I think I'll come into the deep part of my heart and stay there forever.
10,It's so much fun!
10,I couldn't watch it because I was young when it was released, but I watched it because I heard that it was  I think it expresses the love between a man and a woman that is worth seeing in the play story and twist. I want to see it again.
10,The pure love of male and female students and the pain of giving it up.I was so sad when I saw the law that first love doesn't come trueㅜㅜ Every scene is pretty and makes me smile. After the play, slap, slap, slap. I'm impressed. I'll have to watch it again when Yeowoon goes to sleep. I'm a student right now. When will I be in a relationship?
10,I re-released it and watched it again It's still the best movie. I love the music
10,I recently re-released it in theaters and watched it again, but it was still the best romance movie for me. It's a movie that reminds me of autumn and breaks my heart just by listening to the OST. The acting and directing of the actors are all the best
4,Kwak Jae-yong's romance, a moving song that claims that the love of parents' generation lovers has been completed through current lovers through a framed composition.
10,Even if you watch it again after it's re-released, the best movie
10,The best movie of my life. I'm touched no matter how many times I watch
10,I couldn't decide whether to download it or not, but it was re-released and I watched itIt's so funny that I can't say anythingIt's all-time number one.Music video... The details are a bit low, but I think I can cover everythingThank you. I enjoyed it
10,Needless to say. It's my favorite movie
10,It was re-released at Lotte Cinema, so I watched it again at the theater, and I really enjoyed it. It reminded me of old memories and it was nice. It's a movie that I want to give 12 points to. If you look at the classic DVD, there's a delete scene. If you're a classical maniac, make sure to watch it.
10,Cho Seung-woo is a real attractive actor. Each look, tone, and gesture captivated me.  And Seo Younghee of licorice!
10,The best melodrama of my life that I find every year. I watched it at the theater today.
10,It's being re-released and I'm seeing it in theaters.Good, good!
10,The best movie of my life is a masterpiece. Son Yejin, Cho Seungwoo's acting is the best...The music is good, too.I cry every time I see it ㅠㅠ A work that contains all my life ♡ Can a movie like this come out again? Director, please make another one
10,My Life Movie = Classic, The Eraser in My Head
10,A movie that reminds me of pure childhood love. No need for words. It's the best movie ever.
1,a war beautification envoy Why do we have to shoot and kill each other?
10,The end of my life's romance...Even if you look at it like that, the scene where they give you the necklace is very... ㅠㅠ
10,Best masterpiece ㅠㅠㅠㅠSadness
10,Professor Hwang Soon-won, a masterpiece worthy of remaking, will be moved in heaven...
10,Best romantic movie ever. It's the best movie ever
10,Every time I watch this movie, I think of my ex-girlfriend.
10,It's a fresh movie no matter how many times I watch it again
10,Oh, the movie gives me goosebumps.Haha
10,It was time to go to the dorm, but I couldn't take my eyes off the monitor.
10,I'm so excited to see Son Ye-jin running in the rain with an umbrella. Memories of the time when I came to the movie come to mind dimly, and listening to the movies and OSTs of the people I met then seems to bring out deep memories again.
9,I'm so touched. I'm so excited. It's so sad. I want to go back.
10,The best ㅠㅠ acting was a little disappointing, but I was also excited because the old beauty was brought to life and the fresh emotions came out well.
10,The acting of 1234567890 and the best story are all the best.
10,The best movie of my life. I love my son and daughter
10,If you want a heartwarming and fresh love like a shower by Hwang Soon Won, I recommend this movie to anyone who loves you
8,It almost became a masterpiece.
10,It's touching even when I see it again.Actress Son Yejin who optimizes romance! I love the music too
10,Legend... I saw it a long time ago, but it suddenly came to mind
10,Yejin! Why? Did you deliver your necklace that day after not seen each other for a long time?It's just that if you found your ex-boyfriend who was discharged as a Vietnamese warrior again...I'd rather... I don't know if I should have given up on this movie.
9,Damn necklace...ㅜㅜ
10,The actors' acting, story, and OST are all perfect!
10,It's a thousand times better than the lower case La La Land. It's a legendary level of native melodrama with a shower motif! I think it was a good thing that I broke up with my boyfriend who complained that it was not fun when I saw him at the movie theater
10,Such a beautiful and heartbreaking movie. If I could meet a relationship like a movie in real life...
10,If there is a girl I liked in Taiwan at that time, Japan's "Now I'm Coming to Meet You," it is classical in Korea.I'm so proud of you.Why did I watch this now?
10,Those who gave 1 or 2 points, did you close your eyes and ears when you watched the movie? ㅠㅠ It's a movie that's so lingering and heart-breaking. I should watch it again today Because it's raining
10,It's a great movie to watch at a time like this. It's better because it's pure and not tacky at all.
10,I watched this movie several times in the theater when I was a college student. I still love this movie when I became an old lady in my mid 30s. Every time I watch classical music, I feel like I'm going back to 2003 when I was a 22-year-old college student
10,I cried a lot while watching it. It's my first time watching it while crying this much It's a masterpiece that I can't express in words. I remember the background music. That love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,A movie about pure and fresh love. It's not tacky, it's classic.
10,It's the best. The story is really good. The actors are cool and pretty
10,I don't remember how many times I watched it, but I remembered it these days and watched my favorite movie again in my 30s. I think it's been 10 years since I saw it again, but it's a real masterpiece. It feels like the heart that has been worn out in society is being purified and it is a movie that will make you cry even if you watch it again 10 years later.
10,It's not love that's too sad.It's a sad and beautiful movie.Son Yejin is so pretty~~^^
10,Thank you for allowing me to reminisce about my innocent youth.
10,Personally, I think it's my favorite melodrama I've seen so far.Every time I see her, I cry because she's beautiful and sad
10,A movie where Ost was all a gem
7,Son Ye-jin, an umbrella of Korean-style shell burr, was also pretty when she cried. Cho Seung-woo acted really well.
10,I strongly recommend movies and melodramas that I postponed a lot. ^^
10,Wow... It's really good.
10,This is a work. This is romance.
10,Wow, this is a masterpiece.
10,As the title suggests, it is a must-see movie to know "Classic" and "Melo Movie is Like This is what it is.a rustic but classic film
10,Generation grandchildren...I hope you all watch...
10,To you, I think that every time you listen to a song, you will think of this movie and get emotional.
10,It's a classic movie that makes your heart warm no matter how many times you watch it
10,The best melodrama ever!
10,I've seen it more than 10 times, but I love it every time I see it
10,How many times have I...  Only the tears that flow every time!
10,Son Yejin's acting... Thank you for your perfect acting, Seungwoo's
10,Cho Seung-woo is always right. It was such a beautiful movie that made my heart ache and I want to say it is the best movie of my life. And I think it's definitely the best movie for first love.
10,be short of ten pointsI can say that it's the best movie of my life that makes my heart ache every time I watch it
10,It's such an obvious story. When Jo In Seong cried, it exploded together. Damn it... ㅠㅠ
10,It's been almost 15 years, but it's still the best. I still feel overwhelmed when I see it
10,It's been 13 years and I'm rewatching it It's like a firefly in my heart
10,Fresh, they are beautiful, pleasant and touching. a masterpiece itself
10,I got goosebumps at the ending. ㅠㅠ Son Yejin is so pretty. A masterpiece
10,I miss Han Jihyun. I really want to see it one more time.
10,It's a really sad movie that I didn't see in the theater.The video and OST are so much.
10,Son Yejin's delicate appearance...Cho Seung-woo's voice filled with melancholy.Written lines...Kim Kwang Seok's songs...The movie that was perfect
10,My life's romance standards are divided into before and after watching classical music
10,I loved Kim Kwang Seok so much that I went to the theater to listen to "A Painful Love Was Not Love" and the song and the movie went well together.I think I've seen it more than 10 times. I became a fan of Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo with this movie.Korea's best first love movie!!!
10,Totally my life movie ♥♥♥
10,There's no need for words.
10,Jo In-sung's acting is called poor acting, but honestly, the concept of the acting was well matched. I can't say that Jo In-sung acted well, but I think he did well with this movie because his deep-seated emotional acting doesn't fit the mood of this movie
10,It rained. I saw it again. A movie that comes to mind when it rains even after a decade has passed.
10,Story, visual, music. It's beautiful.
10,It's always the best Korean movie I've ever seen! It's a very pure and affectionate love story. I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. And the love story that leads to Cho Seung Woo and Cho In Seong is so sad...
10,feel numb in the chest. . . .
10,A movie that expresses the excitement of first love well.
8,I enjoyed watching it, but... Jo In Seong's identity is too close to each other
10,I want to try this kind of love.
10,I really like movies with this kind of sentiment, but Classic is definitely number one
10,The most beautiful and impressive movie
10,I loved and loved you
10,The essence of Korean love story! Do you need words? I can't think of any more movies.
10,Is this tears that continue to flow even after the end because of the emotion of the movie or the regret of my love that didn't come true? I wonder why I saw it now.
10,A movie that is good no matter how many times I watch it ^^ the music is so good...
10,I happened to watch this movie after being abandoned by my cheating boyfriend All I saw was tears.Will I be able to meet a man who loves only one woman as pure as Cho Seung-woo in this life?What have I been doing?It was a movie that made me look back on many things.
10,It's a movie that makes you never get tired of watching it and always feel touched and pure love! My favorite romance movie ^^
10,It's such a fun, warm and touching movie
10,I think I've seen my favorite movie more than five times
10,It's my first time giving out a perfect score.That's how much this movie is worth.My favorite movie out of all the movies I've seen so far.You can see the reason by looking at it.It is a beautiful movie that I want to keep watching without forgetting it even after time passes. From actors to music, there is no flaw
10,In the scene where Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo meet at the end, stormy tears ㅠㅠ Seungwoo oppa is so cool, cute, and he does everything by himself.
10,It's still a heartbreaking old love story.Thank you for the romantic love story.It wasn't just sad, but there were a lot of fun partsActor Son Yejin and actor Cho Seungwoo's acting was so good♡
10,It's already been 14 years since I was discharged from the army! I don't usually watch romance movies, but after 14 years, I think I will continue to be the best romance movie in my life  The funny thing is that the main character is Cho Seung-woo, but the poster says Jo In-sung is the main character. LOL. The sadness of recognition ㅠㅠ
10,I'm always touched.A great OST
10,It's an obvious movie, but I've seen it 10 times
1,It's just a crazy story about coincidences. I heard it's a masterpiece, so I saw it because it had a high rating is high.Even if it's bubbly, it's too sticky. Even when tears are about to burst into tears due to the unlikely story, they are suspicious. The story is so crazy. How did you get such a high rating?
10,It's the best masterpiece that I can't describe in words.
10,I still remember seeing him at the guerrilla campThe queen of romance, Son Yejin, the octogenarian
10,It's a movie that doesn't look tacky even in 2017. Their love was so pure and clear
10,I'm not that old yet, but when I watch this movie, I feel nostalgic and sentimental. The OST reminds me of scenes.
10,Crazy... Wow, I watched the second half with my mouth wide open.
10,The movie of my life. It's a classic movie that doesn't change over time
10,It's a good piece of work.Please continue to make good movies
10,The more you love, the first movie that comes to mind when you hear the intro. Kim Kwang Seok's painful love was not love. The movie that fits the song well. The movie that I want to keep forever
10,It's like my life movie. It's a movie that still lingers after watching it
9,Like the sunset, it becomes a beautiful memory.
6,If it was below my expectations, is it because I can't relate?
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,A movie that makes me cry every time I watch it ㅠㅠ
10,That's a great title. Classic. A movie that shows the essence of classical love
10,The best! It's fun to watch again.
10,It's the first movie I've ever seen
10,A movie that you'll keep watching even after more than 10 years.It's one of the best films of my life where even the hard, slightly awkward acting feels like a work.Make sure to watch it.
10,I'll give you 10 points
10,I'm so touched. I can't stop cryingBeautiful love story between Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin
10,My favorite movie
1,8 points is appropriate, but the score is too high. The script and production are crazy
9,I watched the movie today because I liked Cho Seung-woo. Son Ye-jin is so pretty and Jo In-sung and Cho Seung-woo is fresh.It's like making a movie out of a showerI did it. It's all good and it leaves lingering feelings, but it's a shame that the same BGM is repeated.
5,I happened to see it again, it used to be fun, but now it's not as good as it used to be
10,I don't like romance/melo genre, but the only favorite movie in this genre. Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin started with a famous scene running in the rain, and the gag is still funny even now, and all actors are good at acting, but especially Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo are so perfect in character
10,It was good no matter how many times I saw it~~
10,A movie that's fun and sad even if you watch it again
9,Son Yejin's beauty! Jo Inseong's beauty!
10,I have a lot of lingering feelings.ㅠㅠ You're the best
10,Son Yejin's prime time ^^
6,Son Yejin is so pretty. Innocent. But the story isn't as good as I expected.
10,The Classic of Romance Movies! What else can I say?
10,The best movie of my life...
10,It's so heart-warming, sentimental, and sad. The music is so good. It's a masterpiece
10,It's the best movie ever!♡♡♡
10,Bizarre girl, architectural overview, classical... Even though it is an old movie, the scene is still beautiful and fun
10,The best movie until the last twist
1,Personally, if I wasn't immersed at all and I wasn't funny, I think I was an old actress
10,I'm telling the generation that's in contact with this movie, it might be a little cringe-worthy, but yeah, but think of it as classic^^
10,I couldn't help admiring it. It was a perfect movie where all the spectacular looks and the dramatic scenes we wanted, with a twist of story and occasional appearance, were in harmony
10,It's even better to see it again 10 years later with the emotions of my late 20s. I think it's a masterpiece
10,It's my favorite movie. Nose, tears, and laughter. Thank you
10,I don't really watch romantic movies, but I watch this several times
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,In the scene where Sangmin hangs the necklace to Jihye at the end, Junha's son is Sangmin, which is a twist and a touching moment.
10,I feel like I've read There's a reason why it's a masterpiece
10,People around me recommended that I should watch this movie. It came out when I was 12 years old. I still think it's a masterpiece  I miss having such a pure love. I think it's a movie that lingers for a long time The best melodrama ever! If you haven't seen it yet, make sure to watch it!
7,I don't know if it's because the years have passed, but the cheesy music is annoying. It's like crying here!It's like, "I have to cry!" The movie was not as impressive as its reputation because I watched it too many times.
1,Times have changed so much that I can't watch it. Unlike the kimchi girls, the girls are so nice
10,A love that breaks my tears whenever I see it
10,What's the point of a movie that's enough to knock a man's heart out like this?
10,It's really more fun after the exam. I hope this kind of movie comes out againㅠㅠ Son Yejin is so pretty and she looks like Jun Jin...
10,It's a heartbreaking love story that I don't want to happen in real life.
10,Why are you watching this movie? There's a long lingering feelingWill the long lingering effects of my life's movie last long?
10,The best masterpiece! I'm waiting for it to be re-released
10,A movie that touches my heart whenever it rains
10,Thanks to Cho Seungwoo
10,I overslept after watching this, so I was late for schoolA masterpiece
10,When Jo In-sung, who heard Son Ye-jin's story, shed tears and put on Son Ye-jin's necklace, I got goosebumps on my spine
10,Sometimes, I think of it and watch it again. The street lamp scene in front of Joohee's house is really...When Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin were in their 20s, they did such deep acting. "Classic" is just a masterpiece
10,It's so heartbreaking
10,The scene where Ji-hye and Sang-min take turns looking at each other in the art museum is always exciting.
10,I just saw it again It's so touching
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,After 15 years, I can't forget the movie, "Cho Seung Woo, Son Ye Jin, Reunion Scene," and I can't hide my tears
10,ㅇㅇ풍경탄 자전거가 캐리함 그와중에 손예진 오질나게이쁨
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,an all-nighter movie Excited and moved
10,If you ask me what my favorite movie is, I think of it first, and I'll watch it over and over again
10,It's a movie that I watched with my wife a day before I went to the army in 2003. It's a nostalgic movieA movie that reminds me of a rainy day
10,Fresh and lovely. Seungwoo's acting was the best back then, too
10,I remember my first love. 2005... Life is like a flower path walking backwards.
1,A melodrama with a bubble rating of 6 is appropriate
10,Life Movie Classic Daisy Architecture Introduction to Korean Love Letter Ogaengkiki♥
10,First love, romance, masterpiece, lingering feelings!
10,A school book of romance movies
10,I have it in my possession and I listen to it once in the morning and cry. ㅠㅠ Masterpiece
10,My favorite movie... The content was a bit predictable, but each line was pretty and the OST fits so well. Like the title, the classic love story and Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's acting were the best. The lingering feelings after the report were the best.
10,It's been about 15 years and it's still good. When I heard the OST, I almost cried. It was not love that hurt so much.
10,It's been a while since I've seen it, but I'm so touched that I'm writing my Thank you, director and actors
10,It is sad and touching to watch the movie that I registered for rating many times ㅠㅠ
10,It's sad even though it's the third time I see it
10,It's so nice to watch this movie over and over again since it's so nice진The atmosphere is great. It's a masterpieceㅠ
10,I don't need words for my life romance movie.In particular, I can't forget the last reunion scene of actors Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin.How can he act like that?
10,The tip of my nose is touching. Such a beautiful movie
10,You're the best. What do you need to say?
8,The motif of Hwang Soon-won's shower in the beginning of the movie is really memorable. It seems that the classic Korean melodrama is not empty words.
10,I think that's what fresh first love is like.
10,Watching this kind of movie now ㅠㅠ..It's so touching. I've been watching every movie since 2014. It's my favorite movieIt's so heartbreaking and I recommend this movie to my parents. It's the best
10,Love and affection. The music is touching. Love
10,I think it's the best romantic movie in Korea. Years later, it still fills my heart
10,When I was in high school, love acting is kind of awkward, but from the middle and late part, the tsunami of sadness + Kim Kwang Seok. Sick love was not love. It's totally wow. So sad. Son Yejin. So pretty
10,It is a great movie that is sad and beautiful and leaves a lot of lingering feelings.crying
10,A movie of all time.
10,I really want to see this movie in the theater
10,I was thinking about watching a movie with my wife after putting my baby to sleep, but my wife asked me to watch a classic, but I shouted that it was a childish movie, but I ended up watching it. My ending is full of tears
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,I watched it when I was in my 20s, and I watched the movie that remains in my heart again after more than 10 years, but it's so nice...I don't know how much I cried
10,Every time I see it, it's sad. It's more like real than acting
10,I could feel a lot about love.
10,It's a movie that makes your heart flutter over and over again
10,I look for it. It's a movie that makes me feel my sensitivity that I lost during this difficult time to make ends meet.
10,Even though it was almost 15 years ago, it is still a good movie. I watched it for the first time today, but it's more fun than I thought, so it lingers
6,It's a good movie, but I don't think it's enough to be called a masterpiece.
10,There's no first love movie like this
10,The story is good, not boring, and I enjoyed it a lot.
10,There is really no need for words. It's really sad.
10,I cried because I didn't watch old movies.I'm so sad.
10,It's a movie that makes you feel pure
7,I was looking forward to it, but I was sad that it went as I expected
10,Some clumsy acting is mixed with the innocence of the time
10,I watched it 10 times more, but every time I watch it, everything is perfect. It is the best Korean movie of my life.
10,The first movie I saw with my girlfriend at the time.He is my wife now.At that time, we were in our early 20s, but time flies.Now I'm a father and mother of two children It was nice to feel the first time we were in a relationship after a long time.
10,Really pure and pretty love..It's the best melodrama of my life
10,A movie that I like more because it's tacky
9,It's good. It's good for no reason
10,A sad and pure love story, a movie that lingers even after the movie is over
10,Fresh and pure love story Now I've seen classical music. I'd like to see it at the theater if it's re-released Hah!
9,Memories... The smell of old paper.  Miss.
10,The first movie I saw in the theater 14 years ago... It's the best
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo are so good at acting
10,There can be no more melodrama
10,I watched the movie because it reminded me of classical music. I watched it several times, but I can still feel the emotions I felt when I first saw it.I think it would be great if it was rerun. Since it's an old movie, you can feel deep emotions, and it delivers emotions well no matter who watches it now.
10,It's a movie from 14 years ago, and I watch it again and again, but it's still touching. Will there be another Korean movie that will bring out this much emotion? It makes me feel that my emotions are alive again today.
10,I'm touched every time I see it^^
10,The current youth are said to be a continuation of boredom.It's still love for me as a child back then.In 15 years, there must have been many emotional and emotional changes between the 20s and 20s.But still... a love movie. Don't remake it.
10,EBS played it for me, so I was going to watch it with my mom, but I cried until the end. Personally, I don't think it's a waste of 10 points for this movie.
10,I watched it again through EBS, and it was so sad and touching. It was one of the best masterpieces!
10,It's so beautiful A movie that's good to watch a time
10,It's been a long time since I've gotten older. I'm watching it on EBS today.Touching and affection...I can feel the sadness and the dynamics buried in our old hearts.Tears in my eyes.It is a good movie that Korean people can relate to.
9,Wow, the story is sad and the visuals are amazing. Looking at it now, it's a crazy party for the actors. Jo In Sung is just funny. Cho Seung Woo is acting alone
10,Director Kwak Jae-yong, I miss that time
10,I saw it this time Such a good movie...2003 was a very busy time! I regret it now, but...2017. Classic~ OST that I can hear in my ears~ To you~ To me~ Today, I watched a beautiful movie.
9,When Son Ye-jin was 39 years old and everything became calm, she remembered the time when she saw her heart beating in her early 20s. And I thought, "I still have this feeling!" Even after all these years, I'm still in my 20s
10,I didn't know who Son Ye-jin was due to his long foreign life and bedside life. I am lucky to see Son Ye-jin in the EBS movie replay. Heart flutters as if I'm back in my 20s. The movie is very good, and I fell asleep because of Son Ye-jin's charm.
10,I saw it again on EBS after a long time.  I couldn't move to get a glass of water until it was over. The pure and beautiful acting of Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo, outstanding and friendly music, and a well-organized story.It awakens the emotions of a heartbreaking, sad, beautiful first love.Son Yejin's soft, pretty, and innocent side
10,Rarely, from melodramatic movies to background music, the best movie, Kim Kwang-seok, when it rains, I think of this movie and I want to love it
10,The textbook of "Beautiful Movie"... Whether it's music, directing, or pixels from the past, every scene is touching. There's a reason why people say Joe is a masterpiece
10,Oh, this necklace. ㅜㅜ ㅜㅜ
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,A movie that makes me cry every time I watch it. The actors' acting that reminds me of memories with my first love was also the bestㅠㅠ
10,The setting of the relationship between the three men and women in the calm and heartbreaking past is very sad.ㅠㅠMusic really goes well with every scene.
10,A movie that will be remembered for a long time
10,Even if you watch it many times, you won't get tired of itI happened to watch it on TV today, so I can't sleep until dawn.
10,A magical movie that is new and makes you tear up every time you see it
10,Why aren't there any good emotional movies these days?It's so heartbreakingly beautiful.
10,I still remember the movie, classic, everything was perfect
10,Even when I watch it again, it makes me look up the history of the masterpiece director I lied down to sleep, but I couldn't turn off the TV I want to feel the emotion of this movie again. I need to wipe my tears before I go to bed^
10,14 years after its release, it is still a beautiful and sad movie
8,It's a shame that Jo In-sung was Cho Seung-woo's son at the end.
10,In the early 2000s, the best movie I saw in a movie theater when I was in middle school.Until now, I have never seen a movie as classic.A pure love movie that can't be released again, enough to air on EBS
10,Tears never dried up. My favorite movie
10,It's still a masterpiece. Reminds me of the old days ㅠㅠ..The best Melo in Korea...Jo In Sung's awkwardness is a bit unfortunate, but... Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting is the best
9,I watched a lot of movie reruns that I happened to watch, but I watched it from the beginning to the end. I loved the OST, including Son Yejin, Kim Seungwoo, and Jo InseongThe movie that made my dry emotions go up and down
10,I have to go to work tomorrow, but I watched it until the end.I really couldn't sleep...
10,The movie actor and music that get moving and sentimental no matter how many times I watch it, are perfect.
10,The best work I've ever seen in Korea
10,I was on EBS and I was mesmerized. I feel sad no matter how many times I see it ㅠㅠ It's a masterpiece...Son Ye-jin, who was just over 20, was so good at acting with emotions. Not to mention Cho Seungwoo. Oh...What a masterpiece.
10,This is the only movie that makes my heart ache and cry every time I watch it. If you accidentally turn the channel and do classical music, you will watch it until the end as if you are possessed by something. For me, no melodrama can beat classical music and will continue to do so.
10,It's a masterpiece again.
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in my 50s. It's a movie that brings tears and heartache even if you watch it ten times. I cried the whole time watching Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's acting and how Kim Kwang-seok's song made my heart ache
10,It's fun to watch it again. I think the emotions of this movie are still unique
10,ㅠㅠ생Life movie. I love you, Cho Seungwoo
10,It's already been 14 years ㅜㅜ
10,One more time... First love! That dim... watching with my daughter... watching the rainbow!!
10,The girlfriend who asked me out after watching this movie is now her wife^^ The best movie of my life ^^
10,21 years old... I want to go back to who I was A movie that you can't get enough of
10,It was a very pretty movie. The OST is good, too.As I got older, my sensitivity dried up, and when I watched this movie again or watched a short video, I used to go back to my 20s.  It reminds me of my first love where we talked until late at night on a bench with dim lights in front of the library.
10,Thank you for the good movie!
10,You're the best.
10,Is there a more beautiful love?
10,"I'm the only one who gets rained on when I have an umbrella". Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
10,If you're watching this movie... I don't know why a corner of my heart is so dim. It's a movie that makes you feel emotional when you watch it.
10,When I first saw him, I cried my eyes out thinking about my first love.crying
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie in my life
9,A very pure and beautiful love story. With an OST that adds emotion... Everything was good
10,Son Ye-jin's presence in the movie classic was such a presence that would cover up Jo In-sung's poor acting.
10,Video, mood, music, everything is perfectWhy did you watch such a masterpiece now? ㅠㅠ
9,Please re-release the classic
9,In the beginning, the actors seemed a little lacking in acting (except for Cho Seung-woo), but the more they went back, the less they felt. And the last 20 minutes, the climax and highlight of this movie, gives us a cold lingering and warm ending. Anyone who's seen it won't see this movie as tacky.
10,When Cho Seungwoo was blind, his expression and performance were terrible.
10,the greatest melodrama of all-time melodrama
10,It's just the top... You can't refute it
10,What do I need to say?This is definitely the number one melodrama I've ever seen.
10,A movie that smells like summer on a rainy day. A movie that will still be beautiful 10 years later. I think Son Yejin is the true melodramatic Queen.
10,Cho Seungwoo's crying scene in front of the door is overwhelming
10,Make sure to watch it on a rainy day!
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it.One of my favorite Korean movies
10,It's a movie of my life that I don't get tired of watching it many times and it keeps moving me ㅠㅠ It's a good scene to know the end whenever I meet Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin, but it's sad ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's a really, really good movie that doesn't need words
10,There is no need for words. It is just Korea's best first love movie and melodrama. It's so artistic that it doesn't feel like it's a remake of Hwang Soon-won's "Shower."
10,I don't want to explain the beat of 5 stars
10,A more beautiful love for heartbreak, a more classic movie for Junha and Juhee because of their awkward acting, I finally saw it
10,The giant of a melodrama...
10,Clap, clap, clap, clap, clap clap clap clap!
10,The movie that I remember the most
10,It was the best. I didn't really like romance movies, but after watching this, I started to enjoy romance movies I don't think I'll ever forget this movie  crying
10,Movies that come to mind on rainy days
10,Presence...ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,The best movie of my life... It still lingers even when I watch it again and again
10,It's so much fun! I strongly recommend it
10,It's been more than 10 years since the movie came out, but it's one of the best movies for me as a teenager
10,I know why it's a masterpiece.Ost is so good and the ending is so sad that I keep crying...It still lingers
10,It's a pity that I couldn't see it at the movie theater that I think of every rainy day. Please re-release it Please ㅜㅜ
5,Only OST is good. Classic and tackiness are only one piece of paper, but it seems to be a thousand. A typical Korean-style romance planted with a new wave bomb to force the audience to cry.  It's better than Jo In Sung, but Son Ye Jin's acting...ㅠㅠ 5 points for actor's appearance and music!
10,It's good. It's really good. It's just good
10,It's a masterpiece even after I became an office worker
10,I think it's definitely the best Korean romance movie. The OST songs are all great songs. It feels like Hwang Soonwon's shower. It's nice
10,Son Yejin saved this movie. "You're the Boss"
10,Even though I don't like romance, I still have a strong impression, and I think I understand emotions from a teenager's perspective who has experienced the first love of a movie that I want to see later. And it was the best that Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin met at a cafe
10,a moving film The last one is really the best.Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin are the best
9,The only romance comparable to those days
10,I can't forget the scene where Jo In Sung and Son Ye Jin ran in the rain
10,It's just amazing to be able to express an obvious melodrama this pure and lyrical.
10,There will be no man who is satisfied with the scene where Son Yejin runs to get him an umbrella after knowing that Jo In-sung didn't bring it out on purpose
8,Son Yejin is so pretty...
10,I finally saw this movie. Son Yejin's tears always make me crycrying
10,I'm so impressed by the actors' performances, and I'm excited, heartbroken, and fun no matter how many times I watch them.
10,Cho Seungwoo... I respect you
10,Life Melo movie. It's an indescribable movie
10,It's really unfortunate, but Jo In Sung's acting was too much... ㅠㅠ That's all I'm sorry for.
10,A movie that leaves a deep impression...
10,I guess so. There's no other movie like this
10,It's one of the best movies in my life. I've watched it more than 10 times, but it's always new. I wonder if there will be another movie with this kind of emotion.A classic movie that's not tacky
9,Good Movie, Luxurious Love Cliché
10,I can't believe that it came out in 2003. The color is so pretty and the content is so good. It's a movie that leaves a lot of lingering emotions. It's such a good movie and I can't get enough of it. Son Yejin is so pretty♡
8,It's not childish, it's pure, it's not tacky, it's classic.
10,It's sad, right? Yejin is really pretty...
10,If you have such a sad and sincere first love, it can be painful but I think it is a blessed life. This movie is really a masterpiece...I think it'll last for a long time. By the way, I remember that my favorite thing is a teenage man, and my Korean teacher said that he loves showering boys
10,My heart is beating. Sad. Happy. Lovely
10,It's a masterpiece that lingers even if you watch it 10 times
10,It's a movie masterpiece that made me focus on the actors' acting and kept crying throughout!!
10,At the time, I saw it at O2 Cinema. The best melodrama that's still alive
10,The best movie of my life that I see every year.
10,Love, purity itself, the decision, the purity of all love...
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen.
10,It's the movie of my life movie. My dad watched it and said it reminded him of the past. I love it more because it's a movie he likes♡
10,It's not tacky at all right. It's classic
10,It's really the best. It's the movie of my life movie.
10,I watched it while studying for the final exam all night at school. It's fun. I want to run around wearing clothes like that on campus. I just realized how pretty Son Yejin is
10,It's really the best romance movie. It is the best Korean movie, and there is no Korean movie beyond this. I'm young, but the best story and sensitivity... In short, the best movie!
10,I've watched it 20 times and I can memorize the lines. But it's a movie that wakes up the love cells that were always excited and dead
10,I watched this movie when I was in middle school, but it is still the best movie of my life after 15 years
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's a movie that makes my heart flutter yesterday, today, and tomorrow.
10,Heartbreakingly beautiful love
10,When I was in the 3rd grade of middle school, I was walking after school, and I picked up that poster where Son Ye-jin was holding an umbrella on the street. I remember running to the movie theater right away.
10,Is this what being fresh and innocent is like?
10,The best movie. It lingers in my mind.
1,I've never done it before. This is too extreme.
10,Both movies and OST are the best
10,Sadness and tenderness...These words that are gradually disappearing are full in this movie. It is a must-see Korean movie before dying.
10,It's very soft and has a unique vibe
10,I don't like romance. The reason why I don't watch melodrama is that the story is too obvious. One of them gets sick.Delayed.. But this movie is wrong..The calm music and the screen are beautiful.The innocent emotions of the past are alive.Tears... It's the best romance I've ever seen
10,I'm sad... It was so good
9,Son Yejin's crying is pretty and Cho Seungwoo's acting is the best. It's a movie that smells like an old man
10,It's the movie of my life.
10,A movie that makes me wonder why I watched it now
10,It's the best movie. I cried a lot while watching it. It's always so good
10,It's like a pure movie Thank you.
8,Love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,First love is also an old fortune. a long-awaited supplementSo don't be sorry that you couldn't finish your marriage.
10,It's so sad... Can a movie like this be made again?
10,One of the movies that comes to mind on a rainy day. Best Korean melodrama. Visual beauty, OST, and emotions are all the best
10,Wow, this video... The music...ㅠㅠT
10,I think I've seen it 20 times.The best movie I've ever seen in my life
10,Everything's the best Actor Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting was also the best Really
10,Every time I see it, I feel so sad ㅠㅠ OST.  My favorite movie
9,I hope to re-release the classic and see it on the screen.It's a movie that doesn't lack anything compared to foreign re-release romance movies that get good results, and I hope that more people can capture it through re-release.
10,A string of love is like a thin thread! Roll it up and it becomes like a small ball. If you think of it as a string, you will become like your mother if you do it with your breast. My daughter!
10,The best movie of my life.A love story that resembles me.
10,The soundtrack reminds me of... a lingering film
10,It is a movie of my life that marked a milestone in my adolescence. The more I love, the more I feel like I've played Iranian songs a thousand times on the piano.
1,The rating is too high, so to control... Cho Seungwoo's acting was so good, but the storyline was disappointing. It's fun
10,How pure and affectionate love is in that era
10,It's the movie of my life...I hope you watch it.
10,Even if I watch it again and again... The best romance movie yet... A movie that makes you search on NAVER even though you watch it again and again
10,The best Korean melodrama. A movie like a cultural heritage that will never come out again with both historical characteristics. For those who haven't seen it yet, there's a gift of life left.
10,I'm tearing up. I'm tearing up in every sad scene while listening to Kwangseok's song.
10,It's sad no matter how many times I see it again and again. I don't know about the completeness of the movie, but I want to be with you forever.  I don't know why tears come out every time I see them
10,I see you often. I'm happy. You're the best
10,The background of the video is like a novel, and the video of the time is good to watch, the acting ability is good, and the connection of the content is also touching
10,Son Yejin is so pretty!@@@@!
10,Korean movie classic, Chinese movie high precision...Tears are dripping
10,I miss you. Seriously.
1,The rating doesn't make sense It's too high.
10,I'm glad I saw it now. If I had seen her when I was a kid, I would have been left in my head as a B-class new wave.
10,The second best movie after Im Sujeong's "Happiness"
10,It's so dark. It lasts so long. When the ending goes up, I get dazed
10,I am sending you an old movie masterpiece now.
10,This movie is really a masterpiece!
10,Thank you to our music teacher for recommending this movie, and I will raise myself to your bedroom three times every morning. It is a movie that makes me so immersed that I feel more heartbroken that there is no flaw in acting or story. The only thing that annoys me is Sookyung Guys.
7,Even if you give everything and are rejected, you must always remain the same
10,I think I became a fan of Son Yejin while watching this movie with eraser in my head. Wow, I watched this movie over 2 hours happily and my prejudice against Korean movies changed. I really enjoyed watching it. Tae-soon and Jun-ha are really nice and cool friends
10,I think it is the best Korean melodrama in my life.
10,An unforgettable movie ㅠㅠ 1Even after 3 years, I still remember and watch classical music. Not only Son Yejin but also Cho Seungwoo was in his prime
7,I haven't seen it yet, but aren't the ratings and comments like Clementine?
10,Out of all the melodrama I've seen so far, I dare say that it's number one. I think it's a drama where Son Yejin's acting shines
10,After the movie, I said, "I don't like it~" but the aftertaste was 2 weeks; I didn't know I would experience aftertaste in Korean movies, and in movies 13 years ago...
10,It's the first movie I've seen in 13 years since its release. I think it's not the first place for the melodrama part.
10,I can't speak. It's my first time writing a review.
10,He's a 26 year old man who doesn't cry, but he cried out loud even though it's his second time seeing him. In the ending part, Son Ye-jin's surprised acting and crying while throwing ashes in the river was amazing.
10,a nonsensical trick Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin... Including Lee Kiwoo... Ugh!
10,It was really fun. I'd say it's a great movie enough. To you, I just found out that the song I listened to since I was in elementary school was OST, and I saw it when I was in my early 20s. Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's performances are intense. I wonder why I didn't know this movie
10,It's the best. It's so touching. It's a must-see movie
9,In the early 2000s, the beauty of music and video overwhelms everything despite the unique rustic feeling of the movie and the poor performances of some actors.
1,The storyline is so artificial. The acting is so childish. I think it's a B-rated drama, but that rating doesn't make sense
9,I remember Jo In-sung's bad acting and Lee Ki-woo's character. Not to mention Son Ye-jin and Jo In-sung's acting was desperate and goodAccording to the title, I felt the classic love, the old atmosphere, and the calmness. I think it would be good to experience that kind of heartbreaking love at least once in my life
10,Good. It's so much fun
10,I regret watching it now I should have seen you 13 years ago. A movie that makes me cry...
10,Oh, I didn't write the rating for this movie.It's been over 10 years...It's out of 10 points.
10,I am 41 years old. I waited and watched it alone. I was a resident in China... I can hear my breath in excitement of this movie. It's so sentimental. My heart is deeply...I am in tears because it is not fun. The shower of Hwang Soon Won, the star of Alphonde... classic
10,Words can't describe it.a masterpiece
10,"Classic" itself. The best masterpiece with the motif of Hwang Soon-won's shower.
10,I define this as beautiful.
10,I can't sleep because of the lingering emotions
10,"Are you Jihye?" Sangmin's words sound so classic. Autumn has come again. I want to meet classical love on a deep autumn day.
10,I watched it again on Olleh TV for the first time in 5 years. The music is good. Above all, Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's acting is amazing. I thought the director's eyes were amazing. Jeon Ji-hyun reminds me of a bizarre girl, but the movie that best represents young Son Ye-jin itself. However, Jo In-sung lacked a lot of acting.
10,It's a movie like a watercolor painting.
10,It's a classic movie.
10,In the scene where Jun-ha and Joo-hee meet at the end of the movie, who lost their sight, suddenly rain falls from the sky when they look out the window.I can't believe I saw such a masterpiece in my late 20s.It is such a beautiful movie.
10,Just the best masterpiece. I think I've seen it more than 10 times
10,Just in case, the actors are the best
10,There's no need for words.I think Son Yejin is the true queen of romanceEraser in my head...Classic...
10,It's nice, I really liked it.   I was able to stay true to my emotions, video, and OST. Thank you for the good movie!
10,Freshness and sentimentalness. the beauty of first love
10,It's a masterpiece. Tears...
10,I hated melodrama so much that I didn't even look at it, but these days, there are no movies to watch, so I just watched it without thinking about it because the Naver rating was so high
10,13 years later, it's still a movie that shakes my emotions.It's the best.
10,I don't know how many times I watched it
10,I've seen the movie of my life more than ten times. I'll keep watching it. I love it every time I see it.
10,I was amazed at how can you tell such a sad, pretty, and lyrical story
10,The movie that I want to keep watching...
10,The story is awesome! It's so sad...ㅠ
10,It's OST goodHahaha
9,Son Yejin, Son Yejin, Son Yejin, Son Yejin
10,Will there be a movie like this in the future? All the men who watched the movie couldn't help but think of their first love after watching Ju-hee. A movie that I'm thankful for no matter how many times I watch it. I think the last coffee shop scene is the best in Korean melodrama history.
8,My favorite movie. When I went to the theater for the first time, it was ridiculous to hide Cho Seung Woo's blinds and meet Son Ye Jin. It was the same as Starry Night, but it's still nice
10,The movie is so beautiful.  Ost. Background. Everything about it is still lingering
10,I like it because it's sentimental. It's a movie with a different vibe
10,Is there a movie that you want to watch again after watching it more than 10 times? It's been 10 years since the classic movie, but it's still so good that the parents' heartbreaking love and children continue It's such a cliche, but the thought of this movie makes my eyes red
9,Such a beautiful classic
10,I think it's the best.It's sad...
6,Excessive sensibility is a double-edged sword
10,I saw it now, but I think it's the best movie I've ever seen, and it's going to be the most impressive movie of my life.
10,It was good because it was a movie where I could see pure and pretty love. It was even better because it's a feeling that you can't see in movies these days
10,Thank you so much  ~
10,I've been procrastinating, and it's my favorite movie. It reminds me of the novel "Downpour" and it's kind of sad and gloomy. I enjoyed it. When will a movie like this come out again?
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Technology and times have advanced, but I want you to rerun why there's no movie like this But it's going to be a hit. If it's rerun, I'll watch it more than three times
10,No matter how many times I look at it, each connection between the past and the present, music, atmosphere, and scenes in the rain are all good. The pure love between the two makes me feel sad and sad.
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
10,I watched it when I was in elementary school and now I'm an adult, but it's really sad... It's so heart-warming and innocent. Junha and Joohee are so sad that I can't say anything about it
1,a two-generation love story of a golden kimchi girl
10,I saw this 3 times in the theater Son Yejin is really pretty
10,A movie that will shine as time goes by
8,I admit it's a good movie.But NAVER's Melo Movie Ratings are a bit tilted...
10,Is there any movie like this that's fun and exciting to watch it again and again?crying
10,Beautiful movie...An older but more beautiful film than an architectural introduction
10,Before I saw this, I thought that the introduction of architecture was the highest peak of romance in Korea.
10,Egg, it's about us.
10,I am confident that it is the best melodrama in Korea.
10,Even after some time, Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting in "Classic" was really good
10,I'm going to find and sell the best movie out of all the melodramas that don't need words
10,It's fun to watch movies, movies, and music. ^^
10,Masterpiece 101010101010
10,think about which movie to watch on the weekend I watched Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, and Cho In-sung out of curiosity, but they are definitely the top 3 actors whose acting skills are not as good as these days, but the movie story seems to be the best. There's a reason why they scored more than 9 points. I really enjoyed it.
10,The most interesting movie I've ever seen. I didn't know why this movie got such good reviews, but I found out after watching this movie
10,A movie of my life, a beautiful movie that breaks my heart no matter how many times I watch it
8,It's a beautiful love story only for Joohee, Junha, Jihye, and Sangmin, but it's uncomfortable to think about Junho's wife, Taesoo, and Soo-kyung. In addition to Jo In-sung's acting, Lee Ki-woo's joyousness breaks the immersion in the drama. When Joo-hee and Jun-ha reunited on the train, it was a little funny because of Tae-soo. It's good to take that out
10,Movies that you keep looking for, music that you keep looking for, lines that you keep looking for
10,They're asking if you're just the best... Son Yejinjo
10,It's very touching. Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo. Awesome
10,A real heartbreaking love story. I'll have to wait and see
10,My mom watched it, so she felt awkward watching it again because it was an old movie. Cho Seung-woo came out, so I watched it as a trusted movie.It was a masterpiece.
10,There's no need for words.It's just the best. I can't get out of this lingering feeling for a while
10,The movie that made me log in because I don't log in often
10,It's a masterpiece that's worth watching now
10,A storyteller below says something weird, but Cho Seung-woo doesn't say suicide. If you die, spray it in the river doesn't imply suicide. It's not like Cho Seung Woo's mentality is weak. It appears to have died of illness.
10,I didn't expect much. It was amazing.ㅠㅠI didn't understand it at first, but as I go on, I can't express it anymore. I don't think I'll be able to get you a hundred movies right now I think it's going to be one of my favorite movies
10,The first movie that made me cry.
10,It's one of my favorite movies.
10,Best Korean Film
9,I think it's a representative Korean melodrama. It's a great movie that makes the eyes of the viewer moist without being too forced
10,How I first found out that Cho Seungwoo was cool
7,Son Ye-jin's acting overwhelms the audience.
10,People who love each other on terms never understand this movie.
10,It's definitely the best movie of my life
10,It's fun to watch it again. But it's sad
10,It's a pity that I didn't watch this kind of movie at the theater.
10,It's a movie that always makes me cry. My heart aches
10,It's touching every time I see it's always sad
10,The best movie of my life... It's
1,I don't know why this reaction is. It is no exaggeration to say that it is the number one movie that is overrated.If their love is beautiful, Cho Seungwoo's wife is...I have a baby, and Cho Seung-woo commits suicide.Do you think this is beautiful?
10,My favorite movie. 1010110
10,I'm a woman or a movie that always makes me pure every time I watch it, but I love Son Yejin
10,I finally saw it when I was 24 years old. Seeing the actors in their 30s as children, it was fascinating and more impressive. It was a very warm and mournful movie that touched the emotions. Thank you for making this movie...
10,It's fun. Yeah! Cho Seungwoo...the best actor
10,By chance... By chance...By chance... but it has to be...You're the best!
10,Why is it so sad? The bizarre girl also shed tears once, and I kept crying from the second half of the show, and the ending credit went up. I think I cried five times in total. Why did you watch this movie now?
10,All right, I think we've seen it for the third time
10,Just as artificial light and clear starlight have disappeared due to gray pollution, the movie captures the innocence of love that has disappeared due to hedonism and pragmatism as fondly as memories in faded old photos.
10,a movie with a rating of ten
10,A melodrama as much as she likes bizarre. If I were to love, I would also like to try pure love.ㅠ
10,Thank you. Let me seeWest
10,It's like a melodrama
10,The movie is good, but I want to say that this movie is a masterpiece just because it reminded me of my fresh first love in my memory.
10,The second look leaves a deep impression. Cho Seungwoo, Son Yejin, and Jo Inseong are both fresh and masterpieces
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's cafe reunion is the best Mongjangmyeon in Korean movies
10,It's a beautiful breakup is so
9,The Classic of Korean Melo Films
8,First love romance that touches your emotions with videos, music, and memories
10,My favorite movie! Music videos are all perfect
10,It's just a beautiful movie
10,Beautiful, beautiful movie
10,There's no need for words. The best Korean Melo
9,The theme and the movie go well together.
7,인It was worth watching except for his personality and acting skills.
10,It was a movie that I would never watch in my life, but I am very happy to see it by chance today
10,I didn't know when I was a teenager, but looking at it again in my late 20s, I can see why classical music is called a masterpiece It's a beautiful but desperate love story.
10,Ah really, the movie is so touching...
10,Good, good, good. What do I need to say?
10,A movie that made me like Cho Seungwoo. Sick love
10,Korea's Top 3 Tricks of Memories of Sad Love: A Love Story. Classic. Pure Love
9,It still lingers even when I look at it again. Son Yejin is so pretty and the OST is really good, too A masterpiece!
10,The only movie that came in to get a rating. Unbelievable
10,It's a very sad and pretty movie that warms my heart. ㅜㅜ
9,It's a love story that goes well with the background music
10,The song is good, young, pretty, and the script is strong! The actors' performances stand out
10,I only heard about classical music, but I had the opportunity to watch it today, and I wonder why I watched it now. a movie one will often seen
10,...I cried a lot Thank you for making me feel this way.I cried the whole time
10,It's a movie with perfect harmony including the OST. Cho Seungwoo
10,They said the content is also the content. The OST is really an art. The Tower of Korean Melo.
10,It's a shame that I couldn't see it at the movie theater because I was young at the time A beautiful melodrama that doesn't come out these days. It's not going to come out anymore.
10,Every scene is the best
9,If you look for Korean movies well, there are many masterpieces
10,Why did I see this now? Son Yejin is the prettiest in the world! It's really pretty. The content is so good, but all I can see is Son Yejin's face. It's been over 10 years, but it hasn't changed at all. The background music is so good, tooㅠㅠT
10,A movie you must watch on a rainy day. I think it's the best romance movie in Korea
10,I watch it late at night, but this kind of movie...Emotional stimulation...
10,It's a movie to watch before you die.
10,It's a masterpiece. Thank you
10,I can't catch you even if I want to.Even if you catch me, I'll just let you go, but after watching it, I got this feeling.
10,the greatest movie of all time in Korea
10,This movie is still fun after 10 years.
10,Acting and music... They're all amazing.
10,It's a masterpiece that I watch without saying a word.All I can hear is applause.
10,Starting with the OST, all the scenes are left as memories
10,An excellent work about the memories of love and friendship that anyone would have experienced back in the 60s and 70s. A masterpiece that shines in 2016 too!
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words  Watch and judge
5,Overall, I enjoyed watching it. The story was calm and good, but there are many childish parts that I don't like. And the funny thing is that Tae-su grew 36cm during the vacation, is that biologically possible?
10,Such a good movie. Thank you very much^^
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
10,I think it is such a beautiful movie.
10,Classic is exciting, sentimental, and touching every time I see it
10,Director Kwak Jae-yong, Son Ye-jin, and Cho Seung-woo's prime time
10,the most wordless work
9,I want to praise it as one of the top Korean romance movies with promise. But Kwak Jae-yong seems to have exhausted his soul in classical music, but he only filmed trash in the movie afterwards.
10,The movie feels fresh even with poor acting.A movie I can't get enough of. It's a movie I want to watch again. It brings back memories.
7,I was looking forward to it because of my GPA, but what's left is Son Yejin's prime
5,I don't think I'll see her twice, but Son Yejin is so pretty...
10,I think it's the best romance in Korea.
10,Innocent. Painfully innocent. As time goes by...I don't know if there'll be another pure movie like this
10,If you haven't seen it, pick one. I'm sorry. I had a drink and got a better GPA. It was just as good look down upon
10,Let's get it together. The best movie in the world
10,I think it's a movie that's so heartwarming and fluttering. I can't get rid of my lingering feelings.
10,It's touching every time I see it
10,I suddenly thought of it today, so I watched it again, and it was so good. I want to write a lot of good words, but there are so many that it's hard to write. I think it's a really pretty and beautiful movie. I don't think there'll be another movie like this. Thank you, directors, writers, actors.
10,Is it possible in that kind of pure love? I want to have such a beautiful love.
10,The best movie of my life. It's so sad to see it again after a few years. A sad but beautiful story.
10,My favorite emotional movie...I think I've seen it more than 10 times.A movie that makes me cry every time I see it.
10,Son Yejin is so pretty. I hate romance movies, but I want to give this movie 10 points
10,I've seen all the romance and romance movies that are good.I didn't cry even when I watched the movie that everyone cried after watching.However, after watching this movie, my eyes were filled with tears.
8,ㅜㅜ Sang-min turns out to be the real son of Jun-ha who died ㅜㅜ This movie makes me think that two men and women who couldn't make love in their previous lives meet again in this world and meet the fruit of love. It's a little impossible in reality, but director Kwak Jae-yong's imagination is amazing
10,There is no need for words. It's a masterpiece
10,A Korean movie that I really really like. The content, the song, and the actor are all great movies. It's a movie that makes me cry and never get tired of watching it again. ㅠㅠ!! The best!! A really good movie like her ㅜㅜ
10,Was there a movie like this in Korea?  Wow, everything was good, but the last one was crazy. Korean romance is the best
10,The movie of my life... Even if I watch it 10 times, it's one thing that makes me drag on
10,I think it's really a masterpiece. I feel so sentimental no matter how many times I see it again ㅠㅠ The music is so good and the actors were in their early twenties at the time. Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin's acting is also the best ㅠㅠ
10,I don't usually write movie ratings, but this movie really makes me want to write...I saw it on a rainy day. Maybe that's why it feels more sentimental.
10,Wow, I can't believe I just saw this. That's so cool... Wow, your expression is worn out.
10,My favorite movie
10,I don't like romantic movies but I watched it until the end
10,Why did I watch this movie now? I cried when I was acting the best melodrama.Son Yejin is so pretty ㅜㅜ
10,It's a movie that lingers after watching it many times
10,Wow... The title is classic, so the movie is classic and it is good to watch classic...
10,There are only two movies that make me feel excited every time I watch it five times.  Gladiator, Classic
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
6,Son Yejin was pretty and the song was good.
10,Best Masterpiece ^^ Spring No
10,By chance, by chance, by chance... But it must be
10,It's the best movie of my life that's always fun and exciting
10,What words do you need? The best
10,There is no need for words. It's just my favorite movie
10,In the story, the composition of the movie and the actor's acting skills are the best. The immersion level is amazing. It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the epitome of first love
10,It's an old movie, but it's not boring at all. It's a sentimental movie
10,Can I hit the director once? ㅜㅜ You're turning it into mental powder ㅜㅜ
10,I think it's the best first love movie. The composition is perfect and the production is perfect. Even the Ost is perfect, the actors are perfect, it hurts to talk.
10,Best movie, and a movie that reminds me of my first love
10,It's been 12 years since I've seen it. I know why people call it a masterpiece
10,The best romance movie in Korea.
10,It was the best movie for me.♡ I watch it whenever I think of it.My heart... ♡
10,My life movie...
10,Son Ye-jin's golden days. She's so beautiful that every time she's zoomed in on the screen. The movie is perfect by itself.
10,I can't believe I drew a new wave so beautifully. It's the power of two actors.Cho Seungwoo, Son Yejin. You look so pretty in your prime. Great songs... In Seong, your bad acting...
10,This is the joy of knowing the feelings you like.Personally, Classic was far funnier than the bizarre girlfriend of the same director.In 2003, there were so many great movies such as Old Boy, Memories of Murder, and Classic
10,I was watching it again and I was crying.crying
10,It's been several times since I watched the movie, but every time I watched it, I had tears in my eyes.
10,Screenplay and directing...Director, I respect you and love you I don't know all the effort to have this beautiful movie. Thank you for watching the best movie in the audience's of the audience Every time I see a masterpiece made by a lot of staff and actors, it resonates, even more than a decade ago.
10,Will there be a romance movie that will surpass classical music in Korea?
10,The best movie of my life is really solid and beautiful
10,The most romantic masterpiece of my life. Every time I see it, my heart aches
10,A movie that's sad that I couldn't see it in the theater.
10,A movie that is so beautiful and lingers in my mind.
10,I think I'm lost in many thoughts  Feelings I wouldn't have felt if I hadn't really seen this movie. It's the best movie ever
10,A movie that brings back the memories with the person you've always missed. The more I watched the movie, the more I felt numb because I couldn't approach it, and the more I thought of him because it didn't happen.
10,A movie that makes me sad every time I see it.The more I look at it, the more I feel numb...Because I'm getting older. It's a masterpiece
10,!! Computer host virtualization will not say no
10,It's so heart-warming, pure and heartbreaking
10,I found out about this movie while looking for "Me to You, You to Me," but I wonder why I just watched this movie. It was a movie that made me feel excited and sympathized with the whole time. I think it was a beautiful movie because it expressed the small and mournful emotions that you can't see these days!
10,Love that hurts so much wasn't love
10,Whenever it rains, I think of the songs and scenes from this movie ㅠㅠ Masterpiece among masterpieces
10,It's so sentimental even when I see it again. It brings back memories.
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,I wonder if there will be another masterpiece like this in the future
10,My Korean teacher showed it to me.Wow, I think this is the most perfect movie I've ever seen. I think they don't know anything, but I was sad and immersed while watching this, and most of all, it wasn't boring
9,It was so much fun when I got older.
10,Jo In Sung's acting was kind of bad, but Cho Seung Woo's acting saved it
9,It's been 10 years since I saw it again, and my emotions are not dry yet. Thank you.
10,It's already been 13 years...It'll flow more and more...
10,Cho Seungwoo and Son Yejin's acting alone is worth watching! Besides, fun, touching, singing, everything is perfect. My heart aches when I see the story of Cho Seung-woo and Son Ye-jin. It is fun and touching no matter how many times I watch it.
10,I dare say that it is the best love story movie in Korea. The more you know about love, which continues to flow in the play, is placed in the famous scene of the right place, doubling the emotion. Needless to say, "To you, to me, you". It's beautiful. Love on a rainbow
8,The meeting between wisdom and common people was not a coincidence, but a necessity.There was a slight forced development to draw out tears, but Cho Seung-woo's acting and the countryside with showers had no room for excitement.
10,If you look at this and look at the architecture introduction, it's kind of bland. I hope there will be another classic movie
10,It's the best movie. It's really sad
10,Son Yejin is so pretty...ㅠ
6,The actors' good acting and the synergy of obvious but touching stories are good.
10,It's a sad love story.  After watching this movie, I feel heartbroken for a few days
10,If you watch it again, it's the best movie where you can feel the heartbreaking love and the excitement of those days
10,It's been a while since I saw you.Every time I see it, I can feel the lingering emotions
10,It's not a twist. It's so sad.ㅜㅜ I am sad because it is so sad and pure
10,A masterpiece of masterpiece...Top
9,Sad love. I think it's a tragedy that daughter and son meet again
3,First of all, I give a good evaluation to the OST and the freshness of those days, but the overall content is too obvious and acting... Ha... The overall crisis... And why do you use the third person when the background is present? How can this movie score more than 9 points? I was very disappointed because I had high expectations
10,The movie that I really liked the video and OST...
9,Masterpieces... From casting actors to directing and directing cameras, how do they make people's hearts flutter and faint? A beautiful movie!
10,Wow... I applaud you...
10,Wow... My life movie...ㅠㅠ I got goosebumps when Cho In Seong handed me his necklace
10,I think it's the best melodrama in Korea. The sentimental atmosphere that fits the word classic, the actors' acting, solid story, and OST...Everything is the best
10,All the scenes are famous scenes and the movie that lingers in the air. OST and beautiful videos harmonize well. Years later, Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo's acting still resonate with my heart.
10,Wow... It's a movie that makes me
10,Every time I look at it, I see things that I haven't felt before.It was the best movie.
10,It's a movie that lingers a lot...ㅠㅠ 명 It's a masterpiece
10,It's the best. A must-see movie!
10,The best movie of my life! Son Yejin, I love you!
10,I miss you...Suddenly
10,The most beautiful love I've ever seen
10,It's the best. It's new and sad every time I see it. The best movie of my life!
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's acting is nothing. I get emotional every time I see them
9,Thank you for the beautiful and sentimental movie
8,Of the many elements of the scenario, 'fun' is guaranteed with certainty
10,Korea's best romance that doesn't need words
10,I didn't have much to say, but it's a quiet and touching movie
10,I think of you when the sun shines on the sea. I think of you when the dim moonlight floats on the spring water."-No need for Goethe Seemal from the letter in the classic movieㅠㅠㅠㅠ And Son Yejin is so pretty...
10,Pure and affectionate love ㅠㅠ
10,It's a masterpiece...Make sure you watch it
10,It's the first movie that touches my heart no matter how many times I watch it
10,Wow, I cried so much
10,I want to see it at the movie theater. I've taken care of it a few times at home
10,Son Yejin's beauty is enough for a movie. But on top of that, acting, actor, story, directing, visual beauty, OST, everything is perfect
10,The best movie to look back on those days
9,It's a good movie...
1,Men suffering from a fisherman. Except for Son Ye-jin, acting is like a school talent show.
1,I think it is a disgrace to Korean movies. The rating is really interesting. Did I watch another movie by myself?
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,What do you mean, childish?It's better than the crazy drama of the second and third generations of chaebol that people are enthusiastic about.Isn't that even more childish?A crazy drama always has a happy ending
10,I'm watching it for the second time, and I'm crying no matter what I see.  The scene is touching and exciting. It's a masterpiece!
10,I remember the scene with Ost
10,It's been a while since I last saw this movie. I think I'll keep thinking about it
8,Wow, I can't believe I'm watching this movie now.
8,I just watched this movie. If the ending wasn't too Shinpa... I don't know why he needed to be so new. The twist is getting ridiculous.If it wasn't for that, I would have gotten 100 points. We gave all the unexpected hints in the title. ㅜㅜ
10,I miss you so much our memories that day
10,I admire the actors' acting skills again
10,It's a legendary melodrama.
10,The best romance movie of my life
10,A movie that makes me think a lot. Pure love. The cleanliness of the time that you can't find these days. Even after the movie was over, I felt sad for a long time.The best movie ever. It's the movie of my life movie.
10,From sound to visual elements, it's a perfectly constructed movie.I was able to fall into the movie the whole time I watched it
1,I really can't believe it's in the 9th grade range. It was free on Olleh TV Movie Box, so I watched it in the comments. I barely watched it for 30 minutes, so I couldn't watch it until the end.It's a movie that made me realize the power of "UNFELIX"
10,Recently, I was so into this genre of movie that I watched all the foreign movies, but I watched Korean movie classic because of my friend's recommendation. I write a rating for the first time because I am not attracted to foreign movies
10,It is old but more beautiful.
10,I think this movie will help me find my lost emotions ㅜㅜ You happened to be on the radio, and you listened to music and watched a movie, and it was the saddest and prettiest movie I've ever seen.
1,Where did this ridiculous rating come from?
9,It was love that hurt so much.
8,You're pretty now, but Son Yejin's prime... I liked the small laughter in between and the actors' acting was good. More than anything, the music and production are amazing! The ending is so sad.
10,Wow, I can't believe I just saw thiscrying
7,I think it's a movie that recalls the preciousness of love and the time of breaking up with a forgotten lover
10,I got goosebumps. It's so good
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,It's a good movie to watch. Directing, video, music, and actors are all good
10,First love image is her, Son Yejin
10,A movie that lingers every time I watch it again for more than 10 years
10,I'm 43 and I cried again
10,It's really my life... It's fun to watch it again!
9,It's like a textbook for Korean melodrama, but the part where Jo In-sung's father was revealed was contrived, so if you were disappointed, it would have been a pretty movie even if it wasn't woven like that. Except for that, it's perfect
10,Us who couldn't do anything.After a generation, they meet and start love not by chance but by necessity. It was a heartbreaking and lingering movie.
10,I got goosebumps.Acknowledged as a masterpiece
10,It's a movie that I watched after GFRIEND, but I'm more moved
2,I'm a romantic to Jihye, but I'm a bad guy to my wife who gave birth to a son.
10,I cried after watching it with my dad
9,A classic melodrama with a sentimental, affectionate, and warm feeling.In addition, many masterpieces seem to make the movie shine more.
10,I saw it again... I cried again ㅠ_ㅠ
10,It breaks my heart to think of Jun-ha.
10,It's a movie that always makes my heart flutter
2,The lines are so cheesy that I can't watch them. I can't relate to them
1,I know it's a good movie, but I definitely feel that it's too much.
10,13 years later, the comments are still coming up until now.I can relate to most of the comments I'm not happy because it's such a pretty love. Cho Seung-woo is a real human cultural asset ㅠㅠ I'm still vivid as if I came back to the past on a timer, and I'm reading the comments, and my eyes are very teary-eyed manly. ㅠㅠ
10,It is the best Korean movie in the genre of romance. The scene where you run while playing the song is the best scene
10,I want to watch it again and again. The movie love that I remember is so beautiful that it makes me sad
10,It's been a while since I've seen it, but I'm touched again... It's the best.
10,Remembering our precious green days, I hope you will remain like a picture without regrets.
10,I remember seeing my friend who was flirting for a while in the first winter vacation at a local theater on the first date. I don't know what I did that day, but I still remember this movie clearlyL
10,Watching Cho Seungwoo's acting, Son Yejin's innocence, and the heart-breaking background music, tears came to my eyes again.I was able to reminisce about those days  I've left this tough moment
10,Crying ㅠㅠ You're the best
1,Don't let too many people fall for the ratings. A movie that doesn't even deserve a point. Does anyone who enjoyed the high score and impressive performance find drama acting skills these days? They say it shouldn't be viewed from the perspective of the times. The advanced masterpiece is a masterpiece even years later.
10,The more I watch it, the more I fall in love with it
10,I'm so excited and I think I'll be number one on my melodrama forever.
10,Recommendations, recommendations, recommendations, recommendations
10,I think I want to see a beautiful and sentimental movie again when it rains. It's the best.
10,I just enjoyed watching it and liked it every time I saw it. If I was surprised by calculating my age, Cho Seungwoo, 24 years old, Son Yejin, 22 years old...Now that I've overtaken that age, it's amazing that they've expressed those sensibilities at that age... so they're both still alive
10,It's a movie that's so pure that it makes me pure.It shows what true single-minded love is, and the video is relatively old based on the present, but that part is not a problem. A movie that leaves a lot of lingering emotions
10,I remember the fresh but heartbreaking first love of my life. Thank you
10,What a disturbing movie!
10,It's a waste not to watch a movie like this in my life
8,Cho Seung-woo's eyes are really excited when he follows Son Ye-jin and appears under the street lamp. I'm crazy about you right now. The eyes seem to say.
10,I've seen it more than five times.
10,It's so much fun no matter how many times I watch it...I'm getting drunk
10,It is a movie that makes my heart beat even now after the movie. I hope this kind of movie will come out often in the future.I think I'll be able to fall asleep in a good night.
10,It was so much fun, touching, and affectionate.  Where else is there a movie that shakes the emotions this much? It was my life movie.
10,It's a love that doesn't come true, so my heart hurts even more  I feel so sick and sad to truly love someone!
10,A masterpiece of the masterpiece!
7,The running time is too long. The ending felt delicate.
10,Even an obvious story is fine. It's okay if it's a story that doesn't feel real...It's an obvious love story that moistens my broken and broken heart.The best melodrama for me.
10,Son Yejin, you're so prettyㅠㅠ The best movie ever!
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's delicate acting...Why did I watch this now? ㅠㅠ It's amazing
10,I saw you last year and you're doing it now This was so sad 진심 It's really fun. I hope you watch it! The OST is really good, too
10,It's my 5th time to binge watch. I'm crying. What should I do with this kind of love? The pure heart for the other person is amazing. The meaning of this movie will not fade even after time passes
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen in my life. It became my life movie.Why did I watch it now?
10,It is my favorite Korean movie. It's a movie that comes to mind every fall. This movie is the best movie that I can't get enough of. How can the OST be this great. When I think of Kim Kwang Seok, I always watch classical music
10,It was released when I was in elementary school.I'm older than that actor, but even after 12 years...This is a masterpiece. The movie itself is touching, pure and beautiful
10,A movie that you watch again when you feel dry. I think it was the best melodrama in Korea. the height of a beautiful film
10,It's so touching and heartbreaking
10,It's a movie that's enough to stimulate the emotions of the first love that was put in the back of memory even when it's released these days! Music, scenery, poetic sensibility, actor...It's a perfect melodrama.But director Kwak Jae-yong is not good after this movie ㅠㅠ
10,Sound, visual beauty, the actors' acting skills. They're all really good. It may seem a little awkward to kids these days. It's a movie that you can really immerse yourself in from the perspective of the time, not from the present perspective I hope the movie with Crank in it will be a hit I'll make sure to go see it.
10,The movie is great, and Kim Kwang-seok's too painful love was not love. It's too bad I can only give you 10 points
10,I think about it every year, so I see it once again.
10,Just listening to the song reminds me of this movie scene ㅜㅜ My favorite Korean movie.
10,Movies, music, acting and everything that you don't want to forget that you can't forget even if it takes you a lifetime.
10,It's my first time to get a rating. Thank you for coming out on such a well-made movie
10,Really, my handwriting, which can only express the feeling of wriggling in my heart with the word "fluttering," is sad. Analogue emotions are really good. It's so nice.
10,To you, I'm like a sunset.
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
3,My hands and feet shriveled up after seeing Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin's poor acting.
10,I cried so much while watching it
10,He's so good at everything.Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo had great acting skills 10 years ago...Background music and photography are also beautiful.Great directing skills...I'm not tired of more than 2 hours...One thing that's unfortunate is...Jo In-sung's acting skills
10,I like the visual beauty, the OST, and the actors.It's such a waste of a movie to judge on this.I think I will watch this movie when I become a grandmother. A really beautiful movie
10,It reminds me of Hwang Soon Won's shower. It's a masterpiece that combines all the OST actors' stories. After watching it, I think I'll think of it whenever it rains. Cho Seung Woo, I can feel a lot of emotions in your eyes. The best
10,I think this movie is so good that I regret watching it now. I think I cried more because I thought of my first love and felt the same way I didn't like rainy days, but I was excited for the first time.
10,When I was 20 years old, I cried and it was fun.When I was 20, I saw him again and my heart ached a lotIt's not a handwritten letter, but...Such a pure and loving first love...I think it's great to be able to do it. They say they don't forget their first love, but I...I can't forget myself back then.
10,12345678910 It's really the best so far ㅜㅜ
10,I really liked the purity of the movie. The story of Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo couple was realistic, but also very sad and sad.
10,Just listening to music makes my heart pound, flutter, and faint. I don't know why I sympathize with this movie so strongly, but what is this feeling that I have been Son Ye-jin before? It was the same when I saw Son Ye-jin in the summer scent.Is it the same emotion? Movie 1 that I want to watch again
9,Love that hurts too much was not love. I didn't expect this word to sound so sad.
10,I guess so. The movie that fits OST really well. The movie that made my heart flutter... The movie that I realized that Son Yejin was pretty in the past and now... It's the best movie ever.
10,Story, directing, actor?All the best movies!Remember forever?It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,a work short of ten pointsThe first love story of two beautiful lovers who become favorites on a rainy day.
10,A movie about youth and love
10,It is a movie with a prettier background because it is a movie before OO than it is beautiful now. I'm heartbroken.
10,It's the best movie of my life.
10,Necessity exists. It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words.
7,What's the crime of Cho Seungwoo's wife? crying
10,A beautiful movie with a fresh and pure love story.
10,I watched this movie with my mom for the first time today. I regret why I watched it now
10,So much fun! So much fun! I saw him in middle school for the first time, and I think I see him once every year
3,It's like a well-made drama It doesn't look natural. It feels artificial It doesn't taste like an earthen pot, but it tastes like a nickel-silver pot I'm curious about the reviews
10,I watched it again yesterday, and the nervousness of my emotions
1,It's very very very childish. What kind of pretty screen? It's a good movie if you mix only good songs. Cho Seungwoo is blind and pretends to be seen in front of Son Yejin. You're signaling the audience to cry, right?  What kind of nonsense is connecting the kids later on?
10,It's the best movie of my life
10,It was a movie that made me feel good and my heart ached. I hope these movies will be made in the future.
10,When the sun shines on the sea, I think of you　　　When the faint moonlight floats on the spring water, I think of you
10,It's really fun even if I watch it ten times. ㅠㅠ life movie
10,A sad movie that reminds me of the word "best"
10,It's a movie like "First Love" where you miss and miss someone while drinking tea.
10,CHOI JIN HOE is one of the top 5 best movies of my life
10,Movies that you can see with your eyes and hear with your ears. Korean melodrama classic that will be remembered for a long time
10,My favorite movie. It's a movie that even makes the OST emotional
8,The classic of a classic romance movie. Cho Seung-woo's innocent eyes were cool. It's a movie that's like a movie
10,The scene where Jo In-sung and Son Ye-jin run on campus wearing a jacket on a rainy day will be memorable forever The music and story background of this movie still remain in my mind 10 years later
10,When I was in high school, I went to the theater and watched it again and again. I cried every time I saw it. After 10 years, I felt sentimental and gloomy again. My heart flutters because of the lingering emotions. The best movie of my life. Why is my heart broken by your love?
10,I think it's a really pretty and beautiful love story that's rare these days... It's really pure and sad, but...But I think it ended happily. ㅠㅠ I hope there will be more movies like this in the future
10,To you, I love you so much.
10,It's a really touching movie
10,My second favorite movie after Interstellar and the most memorable Korean movie. This kind of melodrama is not sincere anywhere in the world. Son Yejin's acting in the rain with Jo In Sung and wanting to have this kind of love at the university campus...It's really a fantasy movie
10,One of the 10 best movies of my life...Son Ye-jin shows pure beauty and Cho Seung-woo's unspoiled acting is so beautiful
10,It's a beautiful movie. I can't think of anything else but this... movie that brings me back to memory
9,If you like it, it's a good movie. It's full of analog emotions
10,The best movie of my life movie.I'm really sad.
10,It's a masterpiece that Son Yejin took when she was in her prime.  I'm reminded of that feeling again.
10,Why do you compare yourself to movies these days? If The Godfather was released recently, would it have remained a masterpiece? It was sentimental 10 years ago
10,A masterpiece. Son Yejin, the nation's first love
10,It's the best movie ever. There's no need for words
1,I cursed twice after watching a Korean movie First, the guest of room 7 who trusted the audience. Second, the guest of room 7 who trusted NAVER's rating...Both are far-fetched, but Clesick has a level of acting
6,Director Kwak Jae-yong's movie that I saw uses background music very well, but the content always seems to be ruined by trying to show too much.
9,a truly evocative film
7,the sorrow of reality predatory of pure love
10,It's my favorite Korean movie
1,The emotions of the new wave must be shallow
10,I saw it because it's a masterpiece. The story is amazing
10,Son Yejin is the best.
5,You should look at this movie from the modern perspective that it looks tacky. It is the first time that I shed tears because of yawning while watching a movie.
10,Son Ye-jin, the greatness of her prime and the longing for rainy days.
10,It's the best movie that I love it
10,Now I know why people recommend this movie so muchInnocence about first love... A heartbreaking story touches my heartIt's really a masterpiece ^^
10,The movie that I watched exactly 27 times. But it's fun and touching.
10,If she shed tears, Classic was heartbreakingly sad
10,This is really awesome. "Let's go meet now" is more fun. This is also "Um."
10,Wow, really... The most sentimental
10,Why did I watch this movie now? I'm crying.
8,Love that hurts too much wasn't love. - Kim Kwang Seok
10,I think it's a really pretty love story even if I look at it now!
10,12 years later, it is still a beautiful movie.
10,I liked foreign melos more... It's a movie that broke that prejudice.
10,I've watched classical music four times. Wow. I think it's a really good picture of pure love and friendship. Especially, the scene where we reunite in the last scene makes me feel sad and teary. I think I have to think about it every year again The best emotional movie...
10,I can't believe I'm seeing this now. Even though it was 10 years ago, it is not tacky at all, but rather I like it because I can feel the freshness and innocence. I think it is one of the top Korean melodrama
10,I skimmed through it and watched it again when I was young. I cried over and over again and again. The heart of the person I love is so pure and pretty. I was moved by that innocence and cried happily. Thank you for making me feel desperate
10,The best Korean movie music reminds me of a movie.
10,Son Yejin and Cho Seungwoo's life work
10,I watched it again today. I can't miss every single masterpiece ㅠㅠ Ost. Son Yejin's loveliness and Cho Seungwoo's fresh and sweet eyes. It melts ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's been a long time, but it's a beautiful movie like a jewel that makes me cry every time I watch it ㅜㅜ
10,I'm studying for the entrance exam... I watched classical music.
10,I know why it's a masterpiece It lingers for a long time
10,Ah... It's so beautiful!
10,Even if I watch it again, it's really the best movie. Best of the best!
10,It's one of the best movies I've ever seen. He's the best in Korean romancea thrilling movie
10,It stimulates my emotions at dawn ㅠㅠ I wonder why I just watched this movie that never misses anything
10,If you want to be sentimental, I recommend this movie.I'm going to fall asleep feeling sentimental tonight.
10,Actor Son Ye-jin, actor Cho Seung-woo's acting, directing, and OST. The Classic.
10,I cry no matter how many times I see it
10,Heartbreaking love ㅠㅠ the best movie ever!
10,I realized once again that Contact was the best movie I've ever seen But when I think about it again today, this movie was the first movie that influenced me and influenced me the most. If all of this is lingering, I should say that classical is the best movie in the future
9,Rather than thinking that this movie is tacky, I think it's classic like Son Ye-jin's line in the beginning
10,The movie that I looked for when I heard that my favorite person likes this movie. I still think of this movie sometimes. Especially on rainy days
10,I don't understand people who give 1 point because the rating is too high.--
10,I watched the movie again after 10 years. It was sad and sad again. I was so into it that I didn't know how time went by.
10,It's been 12 years. The story is so beautiful
10,Some say it's childish.  I'm not sure. How many people won't be hurt by this?
10,A movie that you won't regret even if you watch it many times!
10,The best melodrama of my life
10,It is always a calm, moving, and sad movie... I am taking it out again today because it was introduced on TV.
10,I'm a 28-year-old woman I was young when it was released, but it is still my favorite movie. Son Yejin unni is really good. Thank you to the actors who made this movie and acted well
10,I watched the classic movie again to regain my affectionate sensibility, which I suddenly remembered after loving and parting, but it must be a masterpiece. During the two-hour running time, I slowly regained my old thoughts and forgotten sensibilities! The three-tier combo is still valid. It's a masterpiece!
10,I finally got to see it and it was really fun. It was more fun to watch it with my mom
10,ㅠㅠ It's my first time crying after watching a movie
10,I saw it today and it's really fun and touching. :)
10,It reminds me of the saying that first love doesn't come true.
10,The harmony of music and scenes leaves a strong impression on the movie
10,It's a masterpiece...
10,Even after 10 years, the movie is very interesting and beautiful!
10,The first love movie is getting sentimental
10,The best movie I've ever seen... Touched Tsunami
10,It's fun. It's sad and touching
10,Every time I watch a heartbreaking movie, I feel sad and sad.
10,It's a really good movie
10,Son Yejin's acting is really goodI don't know if I can watch a movie like this again.It's really lingering
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words. It's a masterpiece because there aren't as many romance movies as this
10,I felt it while watching the movie. I can express my heart in a pure way like this... I couldn't stop crying the whole time I watched it
10,It is heartbreaking that Kim Kwang-seok's too painful love that came out when he was reunited with Cho Seung-woo at the cafe was not love
10,It's the best even if you watch it againHaha
10,It is the best Korean movie of my life.
10,You can see it now.It's a movie with a strong story and great acting
10,I think people in their 30s and 40s will remember their first love when they were in school, but there are a lot of teenage boys watching
10,It's a masterpiece. I watched it 10 times, but it's more touching
10,I've watched the best movie of my life over and over again
10,There is no need for words
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's good. The movie I want to watch again
10,Love is the best art that humans do
10,Why did I watch this masterpiece now?
10,There's no need for words. It's just a masterpiece
10,The teacher showed me after completing the college entrance exam, but I was scolded for holding back my tears.The OST is really good. I didn't really like melodramas, but I fell in love with this movie
10,A sad movie. Is there really this kind of love?
10,For the first time in my life, I'm writing a review of a movie.I was touched all the time. The song of the late Kim Kwang-seok touches my heart.
10,a long-lasting film
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,There aren't many lines either... It is such a pretty movie with really cute details. The movie of my life movie.
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,Although I have little experience in dating since I am 19 years old, it was good to enjoy it indirectly Should I say that it's a unique atmosphere from the past? The warmth and sentiments are expressed very well. Cho Seungwoo, Kim Kwang Seok, Carrie
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me cry just by listening to the song. A movie that I have to watch and die
10,There's no need for words.
10,I happened to see... The only thing that's left in my heart right now is... I really enjoyed it. It reminds me of... Anyway, it's the best.
8,Korea's Best Romance Movie Classic>>Maldini, Baresh, Costakarta, Tassaulti Defensive Wall>>>Architecture Dogron
10,A movie I want to watch again.
10,Best movie of all my life - Toothpaste
10,It's fun, 101010
10,The most horrifying movie of all Korean movies was the first movie to be rated!
10,It's awkward, pure, crude, and unexpected and touching.
10,I was really surprised by Cho Seung Woo's acting skills, Son Ye Jin's beauty and acting skills. The wisdom story is a little buried in Jo In-sung's acting skills, but it's the best beautiful movie I've seen with touching, heartbreaking, and sometimes fluttering. The harmony with the music is perfect...I was surprised and moved by Seungwoo's acting
10,It's literally a classic movie, a love story that's pure and fainter than any classic movie, and more beautiful than any modern movie
10,I suddenly missed you, so I watched it with my mom. It's so sadㅜㅜ More because it's a rainy day..
10,A movie that I happened to watch but I will never regret watching!
1,A cheap new movie with a story frame borrowed from Hwang Soon-won's shower and a moderate amount of romance
10,This is a work that came out on the Internet CSAT
10,Why did I watch this movie now?
10,If you have 9 points for a laptop-like cheating scandal, the Classic should have 15 points, but 10 points is the maximum. I like foreign movies more than Gukppong, but laptops are really bad for gangster couples, and even though Hollywood makes SF crazy, it's not romantic
10,12 years later... The actors haven't aged at all.
9,10 years later, it's nice to see you again because you look sentimental
10,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh is there another movie that makes me excited and humming while watching this movie at 45 years old...
10,I just feel so desperate
7,Have a sentimental and pretty movie Good
10,The most unforgettable movie in my life. It really lingers in my mind.
9,Son Ye-jin, Cho Seung-woo, Cho In-sung, and Lee Ki-woo can be seen as fresh. When I saw this in the theater, I was as fresh as they were in the movies!
10,Raise your hand if you watched it because of the scenario
10,A movie that shows the pure love of teenagers that you can't feel now
10,It's so prettyㅠㅠ I watched it at school, and everyone was so focused that they watched it. Son Yejin, so pretty
10,The best movie I really recommended
10,I recommend the best movie
10,The movie made me feel the heartache and excitement that I had never felt before. And Son Yejin's beauty is the best.
10,Ah ㅠㅠ My eyes are sweating...
9,The rusticness is more pure, affectionate, and desperate. I think the analog relationship of the old parents was the most romantic.The actors' acting is cringe-worthy now, but...~
9,I'll give you 9 points for the overall score.
1,The rating foam is too high, so I'll give you 1 point. The content itself was so improbable that I couldn't concentrate on it because there were so many things that were too far-fetched.I think the only thing that's worth saving in this movie is the OST
10,Why can't I get enough of this movie even if the acting isn't refined? A movie you can't get enough of.a solid structure
9,As the title says, the classic of melodrama... Director Kwak Jae-yong seems to have a great ability to tell obvious stories without being obvious. It's fun to watch fresh actors. I think it's a good movie even if time passes
10,Like the lyrics in the movie, I'll see you again someday, not the end, but my first love
9,Acting skills, stories, everything becomes classic
10,The story and acting are also touching, but the OST inserted in the movie is also very good. As soon as I hear this music by chance, my heart aches, and Son Ye-jin and Cho Seung-woo come to mind.
10,I don't usually use movie ratings, but this movie is OOO
10,Just looking at the poster reminds me of famous scenes and famous lines, tears are teary around my eyes. I want to experience the emotion that I felt when I first saw this movie.
10,This movie isn't tacky, it'
10,The saddest and warmest movie I've ever seen...
10,Does my heart hurt?Old movies are more interesting
10,I regret what I saw now and thank you for what I saw now. There's a touch of calm.
10,The music is good, too.Son Yejin's...a tearful ....Acting and reunion scenes...I'm desperate, but...Farewell... Reunion... Are you sad?It was touching
10,It would be better to see you again when you get older. It's so touching
10,I'm touched no matter how many times I see it
10,It's a masterpiece. The best is Niza
10,After watching this movie, I started looking for another movie directed by Kwak Jae-yong. There's no need to say.
1,A movie with bubbles...
10,A movie that makes you cry like a waterfall. be beautifully sad
10,I regret seeing the movie 12 years later. It is the best movie that I have to watch in my life. I envy the person who hasn't seen it yet. I can feel the emotion of watching it again
5,Son Yejin was pretty. The overall movie atmosphere was good, too. The rest
10,A movie that makes you want to date.Sometimes I like movies with this feeling.
10,I'm so sorry for those who didn't watch this movie
10,I can't help but admit it even from a man's perspective.
10,Beautiful movie. I cry every time I watch it.
10,Oh... I cried...
10,It's a great movie. Now the word 'classic' has become a good movie.Hah!
1,It wasn't as good as I thought.
10,It's fun. I think we can re-release it now.  There was a feeling of cringe in my memory. Looking at it again, there are a lot of funny and honest lines and expressions. Jo In-sung's poor acting. But his appearance is okay. Cho Seungwoo is good at acting. Son Yejin is good at acting
10,I never cried when I saw any sad movie. But after watching this movie, I cried without realizing it. It's not sad, but it hurts. But on the other hand, it is warm. It's the best.
10,A movie 12 years ago ㅠㅠ It's so touching and lingering
10,The best romance movie in Korea.Son Yejin was so pretty and the OST was so good.a movie that suits all kinds of characters
1,A movie that doesn't even make sense of ratings as well as being in the ranks of masterpieces. 1 point to get rid of the bubble. / The last scene is really a few steps down the value of the movie
10,A movie that's fun to watch again!
10,the highest peak of Korean melodrama
10,It's a movie that makes me laugh and cry every time I watch it. It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I watch it!
10,I watched the last movie...It is very good. It is a moving movie.
10,It's my first time crying while watching a romantic movie.ㅠㅠ Top Korean Melo
10,I want to see you at the movie theater
9,a poignant movie
10,A movie that makes me cry bitterly with a smile on my mouth.Are there any young actors and directors these days who will lead such a heartbreaking and sad story?Probably not.I want to give a big hand to Kwak Jae-yong, Cho Seung-woo, and Son Ye-jin.
10,At the end, I got goosebumps the whole time
10,This movie is still the best movie in Korea after 12 years
10,I didn't see it until 12 years after it was released. However, it made me realize that the movie's impressions had nothing to do with the release date. Living without feeling the warmth and emotion that can be felt through love is like living in the dryness of a sad emotion and in the pain of emotion.
10,I can't get enough of this movie
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's really fun and the songs in the movie make me feel sad
5,To be honest, it's so tacky and childish lol It's not tacky because it's retro, it just makes the movie so tacky
10,I'm sorry, I'm sorry
10,The movie that I knew beforehand that it's fun...It's always not as good as I expected.The movie classic's rating of 9.33 is not surprising at all.I got emotional explaining the plot to my mom.
10,I want to cryㅠㅠT
10,It's a movie that expresses pure love well even if it's beautiful again, and it's a sad result, but it's a true love story that made me realize what true love is without changing my mind. I want to have this kind of love.
10,굿 굿 굿 굿 굿
1,I watched a movie like trash for an hour and turned it off. I once again feel that a movie with a favorite group of teenage men should not be watched no matter how high the rating is.
10,It's a very touching story. The OST and the main character's acting are the best
10,The background music and each scene is a work of art. It was a masterpiece that made me see Son Ye-jin again. Each color is so pretty. I cried after a long time I feel like I'm purifying myself, I feel like I'm reading a diary from a long time ago
10,Son Yejin is really... Wow. It's good to watch it again and again
10,It's a masterpiece of emotional melo. I don't get bored no matter how many times I watch it Ost is the best, too
10,It's a romantic movie that I want to remember for a long time. It's just so nice. Music, background, lines, actors, etc. I don't think there's anything I don't like about this movieIt's probably been 10 years, but I don't think there are any movies that linger like this
9,Just like the title says, the classic of melodrama... I can't forget the lingering feelings in my heart even after a long time. A movie that's always fun, sad, and beautiful
10,It's just a movie that makes my heart flutter every time I watch it
10,It's been over 10 years, but I can't forget the lingering feelings I saw in the theater for the first time I remember it as early 2003 I think I've seen it more than five times on video since then. It's a movie that I want to keep even if I'm in my early 20s and over 30s
10,A movie that's fun to watch.The best movie of my life.I can't express it in words, but I think I expressed the fresh love I felt when I was young.Ten points is also Ankka Eunyeonghwa.
10,The first movie I watched with tears in my eyes
10,It's kind of disappointing...a pretty movie
10,More than 10 letters
10,The essence of romantic movies that never existed before and never will be...
10,Wow, this movie really doesn't need words I regret that I watched this movie only now in 2015 I don't know what movies I've seen so far. Story.ost.Acting is so good. This movie is just a masterpiece. The best movie I've ever seen and I think I'll never forget this movie in my lifeㅠ
10,I dare say it's my life movie. I think I've seen it at least five times. Personally, I don't think it's possible to overcome the classic stronghold of any movie after this movie.
10,I was impressed by the scene where I was avoiding rain and catching fireflies in the countryside because I spent my childhood there After watching this movie, which permeates the meaning of first love, I felt that even if everything changes over time, the existence of first love itself remains the same as the feelings of that time
10,In 2003, I miss those days.
10,It was the best melodrama I've ever seen
10,We broke up now, but I remember her watching a movie. Heart beating... Nervous...It's sentimental.
1,It's not a movie to come up with
10,The story of my parents' first love. Thank you.
9,If I had more courage, I would have succeeded in my first love.
4,The tackiness of thinking about how to look the most beautiful
1,Rating is too high ㅠㅠ~~
10,I still remember watching it at a movie theater when I was in middle school It was a rainy day, too. It's a movie that comes to mind when it rains. It's still a question of why this movie wasn't successful as a box office hit at the time.
10,My dreamy days... He...
1,I usually don't get a rating, but I trust the high rating and look forward to it, and I leave a rating on the ridiculous content! The first movie that I can't understand at all why it's a masterpiece.
10,I think a masterpiece is a masterpiece.
10,I could feel the pain of having to part ways because of the old times and the emotional love that parents couldn't achieve, which touched their children's
10,If Mikook has a laptop, we have a classic!Classic comes first. A classic of great impression that inspired a great laptop, a movie that I'll never forget in my life.
10,Very very very good ㅠㅠ
10,The number one Korean movie I've seen so far has been public. The first place changed today.
10,I watched it again without knowing that it was the first movie I watched in 10 years, but it was so new, painful, lingering, and touching.
9,Ah, Joohee love story is really the best ㅠㅠ every time I see it. It's a masterpiece. The song and image match is the best, so it's even more emotional.
10,Wow, why did I see this now? It's a movie 12 years ago. It's really, really fun. There's a reason for all famous movies
10,The movie that lingers for a long time. The OST is really good, too.
9,One of the best melodrama in Korea. It's a bit far-fetched, but... Still, there were many pretty scenes, the OST looked good, and especially Cho Seung-woo's acting was good.
10,My favorite movie!
10,Classics to watch again after 12 years. The song is good. And these days, because it's fast love, old love is more pure, beautiful, and exciting
7,나쁘지는 않지만 좋지는
10,It was so heartbreaking to think that she was innocent and never achieved it, but the last...The best romance movie of my life...A movie that I'll never forget... If it's real...Anyway, it's the best movie ever
10,10 out of 10!
10,The best movie of my life... I don't know what I need to say.
10,I couldn't sleep and I really enjoyed the movie that has a lot of aftereffects.I want to have this kind of love in real life I log in for the first time in my life and leave a rating.
8,Lovely top stars, thank you for your hard work
10,I hope you watch it
10,A movie that you watch when you think of it
10,I don't like romance genre, but this is just so good! A masterpiece!
10,I just saw it and I can't believe all these great movies are here. It's a really big movie
10,Make sure you watch it. I recommend it's really...
10,Love... true love...
10,A rare movie that lingers for a long time even after watching it.
10,Why did I see this now?Kim Kwang Seok's song is so sad...
10,Even after 10 years, it is not tacky and beautiful movie♥
7,a childishly innocent film
10,Korean melodrama... No, the best movie of my life
10,I lost track of time
10,A movie that lacks the word "beautiful"
10,It's a sad, heartbreaking movie that makes me cry every time to time!There will never be a movie like this in my life that makes my heart flutter and makes me smile! The title of the entire movie: Classic!
10,The best romance in Korea! I don't think there'll ever be
10,Why did I watch it now? Anyway, it is very interesting
10,Masterpiece ㅠㅠ 마 Makes my heart faint
10,A good movie every time I watch it again and again.  one of the masterpieces of Korean melodrama Actors, acting, music, and videos are never left out.
10,I think it's better to focus on the movie with the best background and OST Korea's Best Romance Movie
10,What a beautiful movie...I can't get rid of the lingering feeling.
10,Whenever I watch this movie, my heart aches and tears.  A movie that is like a treasure among Korean movies. Son Yejin is so lovely...
10,I haven't even counted how many times I've seen you since ten times.I can't believe it's been 12 years.I just saw it again, but tears of emotion...ㅜㅜ My sensitivity is still alive
10,If the OST is really good, make sure to watch it
10,It's such a masterpiece. It's so obvious these days. I can't focus on this. It's so deep. I'm glad I watched it
10,I can't help but love actress Son Yejin! What a beautiful movie!
10,Even if it's an obvious story, it leaves a lot of lingering feelingsI think I'll be able to watch a movie a few more times
7,In many ways, it is not valuable as a movie, but it stimulates Korean sentiment
10,It's pure and clean, so I think there's a strong lingering feeling. The tone of the time, the hard but beautiful feeling, the melancholy and sentimental feeling that you feel when you see it all. When will a masterpiece like this come out again?
10,I tried not to cry in front of my adolescent daughter, but Kwang Seok's song collapsed. Thank you very much.
10,I think everyone dreams of this kind of love at least once. It's so beautiful.
6,I'm a little childish
10,I think it is a movie that expresses the beautiful and heart-fluttering first love very well.It's raining today^^
10,Make sure to watch it!I'm 100% sure I don't regret it
10,10 years later, it's still a great movie.
10,It's just the best. I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I see it. I love the analog scent of that time
10,I watched it to sleep but it was fun so I watched it all. Tears are on the house (Korean book tone
10,I really enjoyed watching it, but the scene where Jo In Seong hangs Son Yejin's necklace at the end...If you really don't think it's right
10,Innocent. Good.
10,It's a heartbreaking movie every time I see my first love, Son Yejin, but it gives me a romance about love
10,Why did I see this now? Cho Seungwoo is really good at acting ㅠㅠ
10,I missed you so much, but now I'm seeing youIt's such a beautiful and pure movie. Watching this movie reminded me of my first love, which was fresh and pure. Ost is so good, too!
10,The best movie of my life.
10,As a melodrama, if it wasn't for a bit of a deterrent,
10,Unquestionably the best...I'm so touched
10,It's a masterpiece. It was nice to see such pure and clean love.
10,Why am I crying when I saw it again after OO?
10,Why don't you release Blu-ray? I can't wait. I want to keep it.  A movie that's good to watch again. A good music
10,The best movie I've ever seen.From music to acting, and the color that fits that...
10,I want to love like this...
10,That love that hurts so much wasn't love...
10,A masterpiece. I don't need any more words This is a masterpiece
10,It's a shame that I've finally found out about such a good movie
10,It's a masterpiece that touches my heart in years!
10,Gina-Tter-Got-Sota-Ta-Ta-Ta-Ta-Ta
10,The best movie by my standards!
10,It is a masterpiece that is not an exaggeration to win the first place in Korean romance movies.It is too bad that many people didn't know this movie and didn't watch it.It's an exciting and lingering movie Make sure to watch it. Make sure to watch it
10,This movie is really the best compared to foreign movies. Emotions, OST, acting, everything is missing and my visuals are... Before Sunrise?I was amazed by this 1995 movie, and the classic movie is great even though it is an old movie. I felt that it was tacky even after a couple of years of welcoming in our country.Especially romance
10,It's so beautiful. Keep ringing my heart like this
10,My life movie. The best movie I can't forget from the first time I saw it. Cho Seungwoo acts really well and every line is like a poem
10,I don't need to say anything else It's just the best.
10,Even now and ten times, ten points are not a waste.
10,It's the best movie ever It's vivid even if it's over OO
10,Thank you so much for making this great movie ^^
10,It's no joke. ㅜㅜ
10,If it's a masterpiece, when will it come out again?
10,It's not tacky. It's classic.a must-see movie
10,I can't get enough of this movie.Good, good
10,It's childish but I can't stop crying.
10,It's a sad movie, but it's sad because it's so pretty
10,It goes without saying that it's a masterpiece You have to watch it
10,A very impressive movie. It is the eternal melodrama in my heart. If it's winter, I think I'll take it out again.
9,the completion of the Korean version of the love story
1,I don't know why the ratings are high. I'm a little tired of it, and I don't see how high the rating is. I'm not going to give you 1 point, but I'll give you 1 point to lower your score
10,I really liked Cho Seung Woo's acting.
10,ㅠㅠ Deeply moved ....
10,It's a cheesy but exciting movie!
10,Pathetic love...Good....^^
10,It's just... Son Yejin is going crazy
10,I think it's the first time in my 20 years of life that I cried so fondly...I wish I could have a love like that.
10,As time goes by, I want to watch a movie with someone again. I'm looking forward to that time...
10,Oh, I remember my forgotten youth
10,There is no need for words. It is a movie that purifies the eyes and ears.
10,I saw it belatedly, but it's the best
10,It was so pure and clean.
10,A movie that you want to watch when you miss the fresh analog emotions
10,There is no need for words. It's just the best
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A movie that's worth watching even after time passes
10,Really... This is a movie that I can't express in words...I wondered why this movie is so famous.Because of this movie, I think I will watch other old Korean moviesㅠㅠ I think I cried 5 timesㅠㅠ It's not tacky at all ㅠㅠWhy isn't there a movie like this now ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,Wow... Very good...
10,I'm more excited because it's childish.
10,It's the best love story that reminds me of the memories of my first love story.
7,That time must have been fun! However, it is less than expected. It's not a masterpiece. Now that I look at it, it's a bit far too far-fetched. It's a good movie considering the old setting and it's been a while since it came out. It was a heartbreaking love story of the youth of my parents' generation. An inevitable fate!
10,It's a movie that you want to watch again even if you watch it onceEvery time I see it, it's always fun as if it's newJim's favorite song is also classicHah!
10,I'm so sad that I finally watched this movie
10,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
10,a film so full of lyrical sensibilities that are essential to this era
10,It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece. It feels like I watched a proper movie in a long time
10,I cried while watching it. There was someone I loved. You'll never see me again.I miss you. I want to hug you.
9,It doesn't feel like a sentimental and teary movie, but I think it's a well-made movie. It's a bummer to give him 10 points.
10,You have to cry the whole time you watch a masterpiece
10,The music and the story are so good...
10,Goosebumps... It's the best romance I've ever seen!
10,I can't believe that a movie like this was made in this era
