달링
6,After watching this movie, I suddenly remembered "Makeup". In this movie, a husband who didn't love his wife very much leaves his wife, unlike a husband who dies with dignity, and why Lim Kwon-taek openly showed a miserable scene, and loving a loved one is easy to say. But if it's a spouse who doesn't have much affection... It's not with dignity, but if you go all the way... Darling is a lovely movie, but it's not as deep as Makeup. While watching "Makeup," I wondered why the setting was so lame, but that's life, because it's a deeper human figure.
6,He tells a typical story that reminds you of similar movies, and through the good acting of the two main actors, you can fully empathize and immerse yourself in the emotions and love of the characters.
6,You thought it was just a normal love story from the poster
6,The scene where you show your real personality at the end was so cool and touching
6,Andrew Garfield's living and breathing performance.
6,It's a touching story, but in terms of fun, the movie is boring, and overall, it was good.
2,Worst. The beginning was good. But the conclusion is...
6,It's a happy thing to have good people around, to be able to enjoy life.
6,It was a tear that could be understood because it was a planned new school. It conveys a clear message about the greatness of love itself about the life and dedication of the disabled.  The story of the son who took the lead in the production of the movie is realistically touching!
1,For rating adjustment~ 8 points are appropriate
6,Of course, he must have had the most difficult time, but he is a person with good luck. Especially, I think my wife's clothes are lucky. Even though it was a heavy content, it was not boring because it was made quite bright. It's Andy Serkis' first production. Not bad
2,Fortunately, the woman takes care of him, and the man dies. It's not funny
5,You can be happy even if you live this long.
6,I'm grateful for the fact that it's a true story.
4,It's more like a movie because it's real
1,I'm not coming out. I'm Odoora
6,The movie was fun to watch
6,It's a bit fast and boring, but since it's a true story...
4,숨을 쉬어, 숨을 쉬어, 숨을 쉬어.
4,The process of mobile wheelchair coming out. The movie that contains calm...
6,I think there was a bit of a new school that was a bit far-fetched because I was looking forward to it.I was just like that's all.
2,You have to have a lot of course
