덕구
2,The main character's voice is hurting my ears. The story is also cliche The main character is good at acting
1,A movie about the process of destroying children's emotions.
3,I'm squeezing the juice
1,Is this your best?Are you sure about that?
2,I liked everything else, but please act in dialect
6,The story of the movie is predictable
5,Common Korean Movies
1,rating adjustment
6,A grandfather with a time limit.And an disobedient grandchild.Things that I've seen before, obvious touching.
1,I tried to act touching, but I was forced to do it, so I got a good subject and a good actor, and I felt like a movie star.
1,I'm giving it to you. This is it
3,I'm just embarrassed. There is no acting, no moving. It's like staying in the 20th century.
1,the pinnacle of the new school
1,It's a fake that a Korean movie is up there
1,.,;'[/...'].
1,Awkward dialects and cliche stories
1,It's a great skill to make a movie with such as well
1,This kind of movie is ranked 10th in the overall ranking, so it's not reliable for people who need Naver movie ratings objectively
1,There's a reason for 310,000 viewers. I don't know why I made it into a movie that would have ended with a cable drama, and I'm impressed by Lee Soon-jae's awkward dialect, acting for children's acting, acting for small roles that know the level of directing, and the obvious story. The rating is 9.3? People, I should've sucked it. Please suck it.
1,cliukjrurt
2,I don't recommend it as a sad movie
1,Scientific and technological meat soup for local specialties and slave trade
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
1,Don't cut the ranks of masterpieces
1,The Twelve Days of the Cerdorf Era
1,A Typical Korean Stupid Emotional Movie
6,This is the end!Is that it?
3,The dialect was so awkward. Why are you using it? Is there a reason why you had to use a dialect?
1,It's really boring...I turned it off while doing it
1,a typical Korean new drama And there's also the element of children's acting cute. It is a new drama that will not come out until the 80s.
5,I couldn't relate to the movie story. I think it's the best option for Koreans to marry each other.
1,Let's strike a balance. Korean movie out
5,A typical Korean new wave movie. Nothing more or less
5,I love you. I looked forward to it and was disappointed a film steeped in shrines Lee Soon-jae is the world's poorest grandfather, and he begged the audience to cry because he had cancer, and at the end, the scene where Deok-gu eloquently said he was looking for his mother was too cheesy.
1,Everyone, Shin Papak is working so well in Korea.
2,Han Guk, an emotional state, is generous to the new drama, after all
1,Lee Soonjae's acting was really touching ㅜㅜ When Deokhee looked back in the car and broke the ball, it felt like she was bouncing the ball quietly on the gray screen, so I got emotional when I was in elementary school ㅜㅜ
1,It's a simple new drama.Should I get this rating?
1,Don't look at it. It's boring
2,Like a drama special on TV.
1,I hate Korean-style Yangsan Shinpa drama
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
1,The rating needs to be adjusted
1,It's not very likely. The story isn't very good. At the end, it seemed like it was stimulating my tear glands
1,I watched it because I was looking forward to it. It's so upsetting to use actor Lee Soonjae like this. The storyline is so sloppy and there's no probability at all. ㅠㅠ The child actor is so mean. Facial expressions, pronunciation...No touching. No fun. I honestly don't know if only Gyeongsang-do people can relate to be honest
1,This is ranking 3?
1,This kind of emotional movie is always obvious.It's so boring that I'm going crazy.Grandpa raised him and bought him a father.k.a. father.She's either running away or being abandoned.And the family is always poor...And grandpas and grandmothers always die
4,I think I'm giving you 10 points too easily Is the standard for a masterpiece 100% touching?
1,It's too high.
6,I don't know why it has such a high rating
1,(Singing "Singing "WHlSPER")
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,The best movie ever by Seulhae
1,All I saw was a sigh. This obviously needs to be re-evaluated like Room 7
1,Because of Lee Soonjae, I'm so touched
1,Acting is good. Scenario is bad. You can see the frustration of Korean culture.But thanks to Lee Soonjae, I'll just end it with this.Lee Soonjae is the best!But movies are the worst
1,The overall rating for a slightly far-fetched but decent movie is high, so I lower it.
2,A movie that makes you cry. Do you even need to make a movie?
4,Stop squeezing. That's too muchI'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I've got so many comments
1,"Don't make movies with old man Jaeyi and grandma." I hate movies like this
6,Something that seems corny but never changes.
6,Isn't the rating too high?
1,It's for rating adjustment
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
5,a quiet and watchable movie
5,a full-length version of a one-act drama
2,In the history of male preference, Lee Soon-jae's superficial acting in multiculturalism is a plus
4,I barely saw it because of Lee Soonjae. Why the director is this way; I know that the girl in charge of Deokgu was good at acting, but the emotional scene here is too much energy. I wish I'd locked it up. The scene where I met my in-laws in India was so cringe-worthy.
1,Every line says, "Did you eat?"" If you say, "Did you steal it?" or "Do this," I can't get into it. Aside from the Gyeongsang dialect accent, I can't get into it because I don't know what ends with "I" and "No"
4,It's a waste of Lee Soonjae's acting... I thought I was watching a one-act play on KBS. The script is a bit... cliché
6,It's too obvious. You can make 100 of these scenarios. The acting of the child actors in the forced touching story was cringe-worthy and could have been a movie thanks to Lee Soon-jae.King Wan-deuk of Byun-gum is sentenced to a time limit and a one-line summary grandfather's time limit, and finds the daughter-in-law I chased for my grandchildren.
6,It's a sad movie, but why can't I cry? I cried a lot watching Kim Seung Hyun's episode on a variety show except for the cheesy acting of child actors
6,Before moving, I didn't know half of the contents because of the ambassador of Gyeongsang-do, and it felt new because I felt like watching a foreign movie
1,Adjust because the rating is too high
1,It's boring...The score is too much.7 points is good
6,I'm glad you're not a bad person
6,LOL Everything is goodBut the scene where I speak in the middle of the road looking for my mom is like a scene where I tried to squeeze tears out of it ㅜㅜ Here, I'm breaking my emotions and flying butterflies in the winter.
5,It's too bad it's obvious.
1,Why is the rating so good;; it's so boring and boring
5,I don't know. I don't think it's a movie that's going to get the highest score
6,It really shows what a new wave is!
6,A reenactment of a new drama that I watched a long time ago
2,More than a movie theater, a drama that fits well with a one-act theater...
6,My heart aches for my grandfather, who has no choice but to leave. But did I have to incorporate multiculturalism into it? Multiculturalism cannot be viewed favorably unless it is a love marriage.
2,It's a waste of money to watch it at the theater
5,I think the movie is cut in half.At the end, when the babies run...The movie ended suddenly I blanked out because I was curious about something was going on It seems like the movie ended quickly due to lack of production cost. So, I'll give you half of the stars
1,It's not a movie.It's just a special drama.
3,I feel sorry for Deokgu and his grandfather Lee Soon-jae who is suffering from lung disease
4,Am I the only one who feels like watching a human theater?
6,I like everything, but I think I need captions for the baby who played Deokgu when he banged or cried
1,I was so moved. I wanted to go out on the movie for the first movie of the year.Deokgu is rude to his grandfather
1,Why are butterflies flying around?
1,I was so moved. I wanted to go out on the movie for the first movie of the year.Deokgu is rude to his grandfather
2,I'm really forced to... I can't get into it.
1,This is funnier than Shawshank? lol
1,To be honest, over 9.5 is too much, and 8.2 is worth less.
4,Lee Soonjae and the child actor acting was good, but...Just natural TV human theater is more interesting.A midwife who's forced to cry over the obvious story.Boring all the time.
1,Why? Why is the rating so high? jQuery22403495358444038683_1524770860051
2,Boring, boring, boring, obvious stories, pressure and irritation to close up the face
5,I couldn't relate to it, but it was mainly close-up scenes and it was fun to watch actor Lee Soonjae
1,The rating needs to be adjusted No.1 on NAVER... Gukppong is here again...
6,Deokgu is really good at acting
1,My hands and feet are cringe-worthy. If it's not fun, it should be touching. It's because Sunjae's acting life is so awkward with his dialect is so awkward. We don't use dialect that much in Gyeongsang-do.
6,There's no difference between the two countries
6,It was fun. Sunjae grandfather also
6,Grandfather Lee Soon-jae was so cool, the content was good, and the child who came out as a child actor had goosebumps acting skills, but the disappointment of a foreign actor was...
1,Don't make things like this. Phew.
6,Hello! Hello!
5,I didn't have anything to sympathize with. Maybe it's because I don't have any memories with my grandfather.Also, it was hard to immerse myself in the dialect because it was weird, like Gyeongnam dialect뒤The person in the back was sobbing. Am I too dry? I usually cry a lot...It can be different for each person, right?
1,Korean-style Sinpa... The score is too high
5,As usual, the critic seems to be right
2,I was a bit touched but honestly, I don't think this is the score... The awkward gaze when a butterfly flies away...ㅜ I'm sorry
5,The finish was disappointing, but it was enough to cry. The actor's acting skills rather than the story.
6,All the time, my wife cried and unexpectedly, elementary school students came and cried together They said they trust Soonjae and watch it. As expected...
2,It's not fun ㅠㅠ I can't concentrate
6,Can I see my 9-year-old elementary school daughter?jQuery224028819178993024885_1523691861293
6,It's obvious material and expected story, but I like this kind of movie, and there's definitely a sloppy and irrational settingI like this kind of movie where the name Deokgu comes to mind when I come out of the movie and smoke a cigarette
1,Why doesn't CGV have Deokgu movie theaters? Why does CGV reduce or not have Deokgu movie theaters? Why doesn't Deokgu show movies of CJ or big companies?
6,That's it for the family movie that makes you feel emotional
2,Lee Soonjae vs Songhae
6,When the old man and the only beast come out, the old man and the child come out in tears and runny nose, and if they're not sad, that's abnormal... Look if you just want to force yourself to cry. I think it's just a killing time tear movie that's good for crying once. Korea's sad movies, which are always in place
2,Why is it not shown on CGV?
6,It's too high. The rating... The part where reality naturally melts well is Sammanli's reluctance to find her mother. The story is obvious. It's a bit embarrassing to bring a handkerchief because it's full of emotions. Not like watching a movie.
6,I cried a lot at the thought of my late grandfather, but the ending was so... That's insincere...
3,The title should have been Vanessa, not Deokgu. Korean movies are not developed because of the rich people who invest in these movies. I cry because of my choice swayed by capitalism. The person who writes this scenario must have graduated from a university, right? The number of universities in Korea should also be reduced.
2,a movie that drags too much of a new wave through its acting
5,Too much dialogue and less immersion. The ending is roughly expected, but the child cries like that
2,No one explains anything to Deok-gu. Why she left the house, why she had to go after her, why she had to break up with her grandfather and follow them...Everyone says it's for Deokgu, but no one really respects Deokgu. Deokgu can't understand everythingEven so, someone should have explained.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
2,It's not funny...I was crying, so I took the tissue paper, but it wasn't fun. The children were good at acting, but they couldn't act, so they burst into laughter. It was just a documentary on TV
5,A movie without a story is touching, but there's no story behind it
2,It's better to watch the Human Theater on TV. It's too obvious
1,Yes, an obvious story. An obvious ending
6,It's worth watching. It's calm Just.
1,It's a fake drama
1,No more new wave movies should come out.
6,Baby acting is the best ㅠㅠ movie with calm emotion
5,The calm and touching movie is also Lee Soonjae
1,It's a holiday movie. Only Lee Soonjae's acting skills
2,Muslim out. If possible, it's good for kids only when Koreans get married
1,an out-of-season new drama that only works in Korea
4,Even though it was a cliche, the acting skills that led the audience
5,The story is too corny!It's like watching a TV drama.It's more fun than Gonjiam.
6,It's like plain soft tofu. Eating without sweet soy sauce...
1,Nothing but Soonjae
1,The kid just screamed, and then he ended up... I don't know where to cry. A movie with no idea... I was just sprinkling bait, but I was in a rush to collect it. It's a movie about raising a chick and hunting it.
5,When Lee Soonjae's crying face is hanging down.
2,It wasn't fun I wasn't even sad.
1,Honestly, the content is shameless. Lee Soonjae's acting skills are good
4,I don't know... It was a disappointing movie. Of course, Lee Soonjae's acting skills are not to mention, but I felt that there was no plot or directing that made me cry a typical Korean movie an inconclusive and out of the blue
2,Straight One-Two-Punch Grokey
1,Bae Yong Jun and Song Joong Ki. Lee Soon Jae's acting made a joke, so I'll give you 1 point
1,I don't want to hear that. I hate it
5,I don't think it's necessary to speak in dialect
1,The acting content is all good, but the dialect makes it impossible for people in the slope area to immerse themselves at all. I don't want to use a Gyeongsang-do actor or a perfect actor, or I don't have to use the background  It was a shame that I couldn't concentrate
1,The acting content is all good, but the dialect makes it impossible for people in the slope area to immerse themselves at all. I don't want to use a Gyeongsang-do actor or a perfect actor, or I don't have to use the background  It was a shame that I couldn't concentrate
