시네마 천국
1,It's really my favorite movie. I hope you watch it!
1,I was wondering when it would be fun, but it was boring until the end
2,This movie is a bubble in the eyes The children who praised the movie highly are the ones who don't know the movie, and they just praise it and suck it out, but it's a movie that's incomparably poor compared to masterpieces such as Defeat King Byul-hee and Shawshank Escape
2,I'm so bored. What's the touching point ㅠㅠ
5,Even if it was older than this, there were many movies that I enjoyed and impressed enough. I felt it when I saw the godfather, but no matter how famous it is, I think old movies are bound to be severely liked and disliked by me, not by that generation. It was a movie that only OST would be left for me because the emotions were so out of sync.
1,At this level, it's normal
6,I think there will be a lot of likes and dislikes. If you're a successful person like the main character, you'll be left with an impressive movie, but if you fail to live in a foreign country, you'll feel ashamed.
3,It's basically childish, it's kind of sloppy, it's not as good as it was in the 70's, it seems like the director has a lot to take away, it's more wasteful than other feature films, it's boring, and I personally don't understand Alfredo's nosiness
1,My emotions were right then and wrong now
1,Alfredo's human image is beautiful, but it's all just unfortunate lives, a depressing and boring movie.
1,I think it's an overrated movie ;; It's not 1 point, but I need to lower the rating, so I give you 1 point.
1,The rating is too high. a movie with a six-point rating
1,It may have impressed you in the old days, but it is corny to look at these days.
1,Toto's old memories
1,Is it because I didn't watch the director's version? What makes the last scene touching and teary? The kiss scene? Only Ost is fantastic, but the content is boring. Hotch's story is that the people who are going to cry and burn out cried after watching this movie? I was looking forward to it and I was disappointed
5,It is a movie that seems to be enough to instill a dream about movies to many people. The relationship between Alfredo and Toto was very touching and good. But the other side story is so bad. Except for the part where Alfredo comes out, it becomes a boring movie with nothing to watch.
1,I don't know where to find the emotion. It's just a movie about a grown-up lying to a kid and ruining a kid's image.
2,I dozed off four times while watching this movie. I recommend it to people with insomnia
1,My insomnia got better after watching this movie.
6,A place where a man's life lives
1,Is it because I saw the abbreviation? It is impossible to give it higher than 1 point. Is it sleeping pills? Give me back my time
6,There's a scene where I shoot a room with an old lady during Salvatore's adolescence
4,I feel like I've barely read a very boring and slow novel. Will it change when I get older?
1,This movie may have been a masterpiece in the past, but it is not a masterpiece in this day and age.
3,OST is good, but it is often boring to insert and direct. I don't know if I watched it earlier, but Italian movies are hard in classical times. I like movies, but this movie is hard
5,I can't relate to those memories because I'm young ㅠㅠ I'll see you again later
1,It's touching, but honestly, it's so boring. 5 points is reasonable, but NAVER's score is unbelievably high, so I'll give you 1 point
1,A movie like Hong Sung Bin. In a word, I don't like it
1,Boring OST only good movie
1,Why didn't he come back? 30 years is just a device for emotion
6,It would be heaven to be able to do what you like. Then the opposite would be reality, not hell. Alfredo would have believed so.
6,It wasn't my cup of tea.crying
1,Alfredo... he's a bad guy. To be honest, Toto broke up with Elena because Elena's parents were selfish snobs who only thought about their children, but even more importantly, Alfredo didn't deliver Elena's reply to her and wiped it all out
1,I tried several times, but I didn't finish every time
5,I only watched the three-hour director's version. The beginning is good.I don't know what the hell this movie is about.I looked it up, and it seemed to give me the perception that the parts added to the director's version were the worst. I liked the OST, and it was a well-received movie, so I tried to understand it until the end...I guess I don't know English well.
1,Prostitution, stalking, cheating... How can a trash movie like this go to the whole audience?
2,It's not fun at all right?Why are you praising me so much?
6,Is the original 170 minutes long? I don't know if it's because the re-release in 2013 is a lot of footage, but it's way below my expectations
5,The movie editor is greater than the director. If you want to keep your memories of this movie, please watch the edited version only. The moment you watch an unedited book, your fantasies are shattered.
6,I downloaded the theater version from Naver, but didn't you use scissors too much?  But the director's storyline doesn't even look good.
4,What is the standard of a masterpiece? It's not a movie, humanism, human emotion, it's not funny, it's embarrassing to watch like a young person, it's a masterpiece if you can't relate to it at all, and if you don't understand it well, it's a masterpiece
1,It doesn't match the movie for some reason.
1,Oh, I like them all, but why did the middle-aged Salvatore come out as a person who doesn't match at all...
1,I think it's an overrated movie...
1,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,It seemed like the worst movie ever.
1,Well, something's not up to my expectations
1,I think it's such a good movie. I want to watch it again
1,Thank you. I did as much as I mean
1,What's wrong with releasing an old movie again?
1,Let's stop with the old movie. What is this?
1,Is it fun? Is it possible?
1,I thought it was the highest rating, but it wasn't a dog-
3,I watched it because the rating was high, but it wasn't a very interesting movie.
1,I was looking forward to it because the score was high, and I'm very disappointed
2,I saw it because it had the highest score on NAVER, but it's not fun...
6,The ending is worth watching. It's not that touching. Like a pajama boy
4,Love Affair, Pure Music Red Movie, Boring Movie
5,It's a movie that I didn't enjoy watching...Especially, the long kiss scene was so dirty. I just wanted the scenes to go by quickly.
1,Rating: Ggaggyㅍㄴㅋ라라Dara
1,At the end of the movie, the main story that leads to "Never See It in the Movie" is the reunion of Elena and Toto. It's probably because of the running time, but it's close to a crime level. The translation is a mess and I want to kill the distributor as someone who truly loves this movie.
6,The sound and picture quality of the movie are not good because of the model year, the characters are tacky, and the content of the movie itself is not that interesting. Contrary to its reputation as a masterpiece, it is not my cup of tea.
6,I was looking forward to the old cinema heaven in Sinchon cgv, but the movie was cut off so quickly. I don't know who edited it, but the movie was ruined. It was too obvious.
1,When others give you 10 points, you need courage to give you 1 point!
6,If I had known it was a romance movie, I would never have seen it. Friendship across generations is so beautiful, but the title Cinema Heaven is overshadowed by Toto's strong and innocent love story. But it's not that great of a love.
5,I don't think I'm the only one who watched another movie.
5,Honestly, I don't know why it's so touchingThere are some parts that are hard to understand
1,Rating too high;;
6,Is it because it's an old movie? Compared to my expectations,
5,I don't know if it's a masterpiece... but I don't know why the ratings are all.
3,The development and expression are boring because it is an old movie.It is a pity to see the reviews of the experts and the Internet saying that it is a good movie without any subjectivity.
1,It has a high rating because it has a special meaning only for Italian people, but Korean men say that it is an art that has a dot on white paper, so it is a real art. It has its own special reason, so I think it is a really good movie
1,This is not right
1,It's too old-fashioned and too boring I thought it was an amazing movie. It's just an obvious melodrama
6,The music was familiar and good, but it was boring, and it was unpleasant because of the useless scenes such as the children smoking. Most people make a fuss about the movie, saying that they were moved by the movie, but I think it was okay except for the kiss scene, which is a famous scene. a killing-time movie
6,It could have been a masterpiece, but it only disappoints me as the second half progresses
2,A movie that should have ended in 140 minutes. The last half hour ruined the movie.K
5,The flimsyness that prevails throughout the film that is clearly visible unless you are sentimental.
1,Junna, you're not funny. Why do you have such a high rating? What are you going to do with your cigarettes?
1,a poor work
1,Even if it's a masterpiece, there are exceptions. It doesn't touch me
2,Not really -- I'm not impressed by the effort I made for three hours, but I'm like a zombie who gives me 10 points in a row
3,If I were a psychiatrist, I'd definitely like to write a medical film to treat insomnia patients.
1,To be honest, it is a movie that shows the end of boredom.
1,It's fun, but it's too high.
3,Hmm... I was so bored... ㅜㅜ
4,I don't know where to be impressed. I will watch it again in 10 years.
1,It's trash
1,Don't watch '80s movies if you don't like them I thought I was so bored
1,To be honest, it's long and boring.
5,Is it because it's such an old movie?
6,I had high expectations
6,a headache
6,A way to watch other people's lives without being bored.
5,It's hard to appeal to the younger generation. It's irksomely boring. 1st place in NAVER rating?
2,This is the overall audience? All that's left is OST and Toto when he was a kid
1,Is this porn? The main character is a pervert, an affair stalker.The worst movie in my life!
6,The final ending did not relieve the boredom of the front...
6,It's called a masterpiece.It's not my personal preference.
3,It was unimpressed and far-fetched compared to the rating.There was no lingering feeling and it didn't impress me.
1,I don't recommend it
1,GPA for understanding;;;;;;
1,Why am I just bored?
1,Old movies...
3,Personally, I think there are many movies that are better than this movie.
5,I'll lower it, too.
1,Honestly, it's not boring and touching... I'll lower it
1,Maybe it's because I looked at it roughly.It's boring and I don't know what it's about
1,If I didn't like it...I don't want to...
1,I'm a part-timer at Star Trek Yes, yes. Yes, yes hhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
4,Honestly, it's boring and I don't understand why the rating is high personally
1,It's not that fun
2,I've been looking for masterpieces lately.I don't know if it's an old one.
4,Is it because I'm looking forward to it?
1,What's the worst movie?
1,To be honest, it was a little boring.
3,I only remember the kiss scene
1,have no time for
1,I slept after watching the worst movie in my life
1,It's an old movie, so it's overrated.It's just a boring movie
6,The movie was too long, and I think it was a bit boring for me.
1,Rating too high
1,This is a movie that I watched at night for sleeping pills
1,a masterpiece of memory
1,Childish... Bored
4,It's the first or second time a woman touches a woman's chest, and the whole audience...
1,Wall e is much better
5,It's a good movie, but it's kind of boring
1,TV drama level
1,Shawshank is better
6,Why did I get bored... Maybe it's because I'm young?
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,I stopped watching it in the middle. But why is the rating so high?
1,It's so fun!
1,I don't really...
5,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.I was a little bored.
5,난 Why didn't I feel that kind of emotion? T
6,Is it because I expected too much ;; The content is too calm ㅜㅜ
2,Ah, boring movie in the past and now -_-
6,I'm a bit disappointed
6,By the way
6,I'm just... I'm not that touched. There wasn't much. It was just worth watching
1,What's this?
1,Eight overrated movies are appropriate.
1,I don't really...
1,I can't believe this is first place. Tzuyu
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,Instead of throwing away the breathing techniques that action should have, the technique is the movie that you chose
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
6,I think we're all hypnotized because of music. Besides music, why don't I feel anything?
2,I'm confused with Toto's heaven.
1,Sleeping pills... I'm sleepy
1,In this day and age, it's a bit of a stretch.
1,I used to be good, but now I'm sleepy.
1,It's touching but boring.
1,I was tricked. What the hell did you do?!  Is the movie over?
2,Do not confuse the meaning of the times with the pure value of the movies themselves
6,A loose movie with only the same music. Why is the rating so high?
2,I think it's a little boring
2,Honestly, it's boring Episode 1 and 2...
2,It was just a boring movie for me
1,Old-fashioned one-man show.
4,I don't really...
1,I think I gave you 10 points because of the music. The content is boring and perfect
5,Hmm... What a masterpiece...
5,Maybe because I was young. I don't understand. I'll watch it again later
6,There's a nostalgia of the CinemaKids It smells like it was aimed at
1,I don't know because I don't watch it often
5,a thinking movie
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
1,Whatever
6,I think it's not enough...
3,I don't know why this is funny
1,The most trashy movie of my life
1,Is this a movie?
1,It's a first-class movie. Grade 1 ^^
5,I watched it boringly...Movies can never be boring
4,My sensitivity is dry; I was a little bored.
1,It wasn't that funny, why is it so rated high?
1,The director's version is so boring
3,After watching it, it lingers for a few days.
5,It was thoroughly subjectively boring...
1,A really boring and sleepy movie...Sleeping pill
1,Thinking about the country that made this movie and mastered it,
5,It must be the best movie, but it's not interesting
5,Honestly, I don't know
1,Sleeping pill
6,This movie doesn't feel like it. It's boring.
1,My dad showed me...It was so boring
1,I got in trouble because I was bored...I don't want to understand
3,It was really boring. -_- Is it because it's such an old movie?
1,I got in trouble because I was bored...I don't want to understand
1,I saw it when I was a kid
1,I'm angry even though life is short.
1,Go back to your original position
1,I don't think so. Shawshank, you're worse than Knocking On
1,I'm 50cm tall
1,It's good, but you're not
1,Then you'll have a cinema papa from now on
1,Good
1,It's old.
5,It is touching but very boring.
1,Scissors hands are the best
3,Maybe it's because the gap is too big... Honestly, it's nothing
1,I dozed off -_-
1,It's an old movie
1,It's better if you watch the original
1,I watched it 100 times. It's not fun
1,I don't think so
1,It's an old movie
1,It's not funny. It's annoying
1,Shosank mania!
1,I dare to lower it. 1 point
1,I feel sleepy.
1,I'm sorry. It's not fun.
5,It's a movie for a movie
1,I don't like European movies
1,You're freaking me out
1,You're freaking me out
3,Maybe it's because the gap is too big... Honestly, it's nothing
1,The times are different
6,Obviously, it's workable, but it doesn't fit my bill
1,Good
1,moving, touching, stirring
1,I'm just sleepy
1,Honestly, I'm sleepy
1,Sleeping pill
1,A movie that I watched once
1,It's the best touching moment!
6,Did I expect too much? I'll watch it again when I'm so tired
1,It's boring
5,I saw it because the rating was high, but it wasn't good.
5,There are a lot of differences from Korean sentiment
1,I don't like it.
1,That's not good.
1,a separate room
6,All I can say is that it'-ㅅ-;
1,This is not very good.
1,It's too bland
5,Well
6,I don't know. I don't know.
5,-_- I don't know. Memories... Growth... Success? Memories touching?
4,Sleepy
1,It's been so long since we saw each other
1,It's not a perfect score.
1,Honestly, you're a movie that's 10 times better than my destiny
6,Morikone's "The Heavenly OST" overwhelms the scenario
5,Huh.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
5,Even a masterpiece cannot satisfy everyone. But a beautiful video.
6,Three hours was a little boring.
6,To be honest, I wasn't impressed with why it was a masterpiece.
3,As expected, it's a bit...
1,I'm sick of it.
1, be moved
2,I remember the last scene
1,difficulty.
6,Why can't I cry? The song is good.
