칼리토
1,Technology Lukonitgoev
6,It's Alpacino, so it's at least 6 points. If it wasn't for him, it'd be three points.
1,Nunino Rukniknikin;'Ou'Au'Au'Au'Au'Au'
5,It's so boring because the time is long. You're talking about a bully in and out of prison. Even if you try to live a good life, you can't change it easily because you have a history of living so far. It's a movie that shows the kind of person that poo gathers with poo. Stripes are perfect for a bully. It's a gangster movie.
2,If it comes out these days, the 6 point range is just right
1,It would have been worth watching at the time of its release, but it is far from a masterpiece beyond the times. All that's worth watching is the actors' acting skills, and the story itself is a cliché
6,Without alpacino, it's nothing
6,If you look at it now, the directing is sloppy and there are many simple parts. The editing power is good, so I drag the movie. The camera and the acting are great, too. The story is very simple, crime noir. The purpose of the movie is only the last chase scene.
6,This swamp of noir, which is pathetic if you take a step away.
1,I like alpacino, but... Not as much as I expected
1,Giroud
6,I'll ask you from the bottom of my heart I get 10 points for every movie. What I felt after watching it? I wasn't interested in it. Why did you write that storyline in the NAVER movie? The storyline is everything. Totally...
5,Only Alpacino was cool The story was a bit boring
6,Too bad. DePalma has the best Scarface. Kalito is lame in comparison.
6,Regardless of the merits, the first five minutes of the movie is the biggest disadvantage.
2,An evil production...It's a movie where you can see that humans get along together.
1,The reputation committee...
6,dullness from the slowness of developmentOnly Pacino's acting skills.It's too bad that it's a little distracting
5,Is it because I like thrillers, twists, and action? Too boring
6,I didn't feel that much like it
6, well
1,The lingering feeling of the last scene is something that I can forget forever
1,I was looking at the main information, and I saw the whole story--
5,I was bored.If you have high expectations,//
6,I looked at the ratings.That's not good. Old masterpieces seem to be hard to relate to these days
6,It's just a boring movie to watch at the end
1,What are you doing?
1,What is it?
1,It's not fun at all. Why is the rating so high?
6,A man in awe of Al Pacino's performance. purple.
1,That's not 8 points. That's enough
3,It's like a life story It was so boring
6,Well, but what's this high rating?
6,Maybe it's because it's too old. so so
6,There are so many lines from afar.It's boring.
5,I'm sorry but NAVER's rating of 9.24 is too high.
1,I'm depressed
5,It's too obvious. It's more than halfway through the emotional line
3,I was so bored because I didn't know the movie well. -_-''
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It's not fun
1,It's good
1,the worst of the worst
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
6,A movie with a lot of bubbles.Except for the ending part, it's so boring.
6,I looked at the score and I was disappointed
1,It's a real high valuation. I guess each individual has different taste in movies.
1,It's so boring after the middle
5,only spring
5,It's boring and not good...Why is the rating so high?Who is Alpha Cino?
3,I was fooled by the rating.j,
1,It's a great movie. I wished for a happy ending. I don't recommend it because it's too sadcrying
1,a trashy movie
1,I can't even talk about it. Just 1 point
1,What is this? What is this?
1,What is this?
1,What is it?
1,Don't try to escape Shawshank
1,It was so boring
1,My heart is 8 points, but 1st place is too much. It's boring, really!
1,first-place blocking project
1,Scam rating, go away
1,I'm going to lose the score
5,Wow, it's really fun. As expected, he's an alpacino
1,I can't watch it because I'm 18 years old. I really want to watch it
1,A model macho film that will increase heart rate, which is set for the year-end and New Year-end and New Year holidays.
6,the meaningless shootings of second-rate gangsI don't think we should glorify it.
