브레이크 더 사일런스: 더 무비
1,It's just a rating trick
1,
1,균형잡기
1,I'll give you 1 point. No complaints?
1,
2,I'm speechless because of the amount discrimination following "Bring the Soul". Jimin's fans know that there are a lot of people who passed after hearing about Jimin's screen time. I also recommend that Jimin's fans pass this movie on Weverse. You'll only get angry.
2,
1,BTS Vests, PASUNIHOON. We're going to define the grade manipulation definition
1,I know that BTS is amazing, but it's not legendary enough to make it into a movie. If we had an online screening for our fans,
2,Only Moon Jae In and girls in their 30s like this party One vote! ^^
1,Director Park Junsu keeps saying that he doesn't get enough screen time I don't know why there's a director who doesn't fit in with the times
1,
5,I followed my mother to see it. I think it's a service movie for BTS fans, and I think it's hard for people who don't know much about BTS to have fun.
6,It was a good time to be able to listen to their own opinions and beliefs while being on stage
1,It's really boring. I just woke up
6,If you're not a BTS fan, it's a boring movie
1,It doesn't mean anything ^^
1,It wasn't good... But I'd watch it if it was free
1,Same language, repeated boring narratives
4,It's just an honest appreciation.In terms of directing, I watched the last Brinder Soul five times and cried every time I watched it, but it was hard to watch it once because Vinder was bored.
1,BTS, go to hell
1,What's wrong with the title?
2,It's too repetitive. There's nothing new
1,For real? I'm going to quit being a fan after watching this.
1,I don't like music
2,What's this? "Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
1,Don't watch it unless you're ARMY.
1,Because of BTS, spring
1,Seriously, don't do it
1,Are you not making BLACKPINK?
2,A documentary that the fans will like...
1,You're showing this in theaters? It smells like a commercial plant
1,This is called a movie. I'm blind to BTS money, so I'm filming it like this and I want to see it again. It's much lower to watch Mulan again
1,You're showing this in theaters? ㅉㅉ
1,Is this a movie? Phew
2,They're showing this in movie theaters, kiddo-am, and so on
1,It was so much fun!
1,This is not a point. I want to give 11 points.
1,
1,I'm so touched ^^
