동급생
6,The rating is too high.
6,It's said to be sparkling, but if it wasn't for queer, it's just a cheesy romance.
1,벌레 가지마~ 나가!
1,수입품노경은 국가법정조항이 아닙니다.
4,It was less repulsive than a live-action queer movie, but as a man, I still can't relate to it.
1,Mercallon, Accounting Crosses Borders for Health
1,How dare a disgusting homosexual film be a nine-point movie? You got so excited looking at the BL water that you gave a perfect score to girls in their 20s who play with their fingers lewd things
5,I hope the story unfolds quickly I'm watching about half of it, but I'm bored
1,The worst abcgdthb
1,Look at the women's ratings... Don't be fooled
1,I thought it was just a friendship story.Oh, it's uncomfortable
1,Gay animation...homosexuality in romance comics
1,Homosexuality is disgusting and dirty, regardless of the reason. What's wrong with you? I'm not in my right mind.
1,It's not fun. It's a waste of 1 point.
1,You need to give me 0 point
1,It was uncomfortable the whole time It's BL water
3,I don't know it's a homosexual subject, but it's very high.  Hah!
1,I will adjust the movie score
5,It's very fun and nice Make sure to watch it! ^^
1,I didn't see it, I'm not going to see it, and this is a nine-point rating. It's really the end of the world.
1,How dare you say that this is this Annie?
5,I didn't give you the perks...!
2,It's the original, but it's not the same class game! ㅜㅜ
3,There's no storyline.What a waste of money, huhu story...There's no beginning, no development, no conflict... Can I say Chuu? It's 158 times
6,It may be significant in terms of diversification of the domestic screening genre, but the character creation was okay, but the voice actor acted enthusiastically... When animating cartoons, I don't think I've considered directing more than chasing the original.
1,I thought the title was legendary
5,It is a pity that the original was not able to produce a better visual beauty with bass even though it was a fairy tale, although it faithfully follows the original work of Asmiko Nakamura. I'm sorry for the overall production and the fabrication that can be seen everywhere. The acting of the main voice actors Hiroshi Kamiya and Kenji Nojima was very good.
1,Let's get some lilies
1,It really feels like society is going crazy. Collect all this stuff and burn it. a dirty perv Disgusting footage of a crime being dragged in the right way.
5,Maybe because it was the original cartoon, it felt like a cartoon. The development was fast. It wasn't omnibus like this, but I didn't know it had this kind of film. But it was very exciting and funSawakabe is handsome<<<<
1,Why are you looking at this? It's not even a funny scene, but people who laugh make me feel worse and I lost money
1,Bl shut up and 1 point lol
1,I'm very worried about the future of Korea
1,....it's just like that hahaha
5,I paid for it and my girlfriend saw it!
1,I miss my middle school daughter So we went together, but I was so dumbfounded that I turned it around in a real way, and gay dating is the theme, so I have to do it for 19 years.I still feel sick
6,I think 10 points are comic books. If you evaluate the plot or the production itself, you should first consider that it is a homosexual cartoon. Boyhood pure homosexual story. Please, let's evaluate the work itself. How well the original work is reproduced is the standard of rating? It's just 6 points. It's not 10 points at all right?
1,Why do you keep erasing my score?I'm in favor of the Homosexual Discrimination Act
5,Wow, I can't believe that our country imports many genres now
5,I understand your taste, but I can't join you, so I'll cut it in half
5,Senior students are more fun than classmates Senior students, I want you to be a movie
1,It's really hot. Even the fans who are watching this are dirty
1,Gay animation...
3,Only the painting style is pretty.
1,Ten, one, two, three, four, five, six
1,What a bummer
1,If it's a gay thing, say it's gay. Why are you hiding it so much?
1,Oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil, oil
1,What's this? I thought it was a romance comic
