두 교황
6,
6,Bella chow Bella chow Bella chow Love in Jinri. I want to go to Rome
1,No, it's 3336 6999.
6,A movie that had a calm taste. When Pope Francis went through those pasts and became the pope today, it seems that a person can change and no one knows what will happen. Against or compromise with the military regime. It is a very difficult problem. Both seem to be understandable and hard to blame for the mistake. It was a novel movie about the Pope, but it wasn't my style.
2,a fictional story different from the real story The Vatican supported the Nazis in Germany and placed a statue depicting homosexuality and Satan in the acquiescence of the Communist Party. The tall tower in Vatican Square is the same as the tower of ancient Egyptian civilization and keeps alien records private.
4,The movie is really good, but it's not a genre
5,A conversation between two old men who are a little closer to God, filled with rich experience and wisdom through long consideration, which is very interesting and naturally produced. It would have been better if the past scene was short
6,I haven't tried Fanta Orange on pizza, but I should try it
6,I think the movie itself is quite interesting and well made, but it was uncomfortable because it seemed too glorified about Pope Francis. He defended and condoned the priest of child sexual assault, established diplomatic ties with the Chinese Communist Party, and condoned China's religious oppression, as if he were not a saint as in the movie.
1,The rating is too high.. Because of Shincheonji, the whole country became a mugwort field.
6,It details the process of papal election, the living environment
1,I don't like church. I get 1 point for everything related to winter ^^
1,Only men eat papal hatches too much in the 21st century. a representative religion that remains repugnant and has no development I'm not ashamed of myself
6,Personal history that I don't want to relate to
1,*The true nature of Roman Catholicism! Search YouTube
1,The director's ability to mix monotonous backgrounds and scenarios with meaningful stories is excellent, but it is rather old-fashioned to confine tradition to old-fashioned shackles and describe liberal as a line. Sneak in Trump's Mexican Wall...I want to ask back. If Mexicans cross the border recklessly under the name of liberal as they do now, will the identity and country of the United States exist in the future? Now, it is sensationalism and old-fashioned to put freedom and equality first.
1,What kind of movie is this? It's just a Catholic commercial. It's ridiculous.
1,Is there a scene where the Shinto joins hands, hits the Shinto's hand, shakes it off, frowns, and gets nervous?
6,the imperfections of the human eye
1,A group of trash that keeps power and wealth by selling the name of Jesus... I think it's the ugliest religious community in history. Let's not be misled.
1,How come there's no score of 2 to 7?The rating manipulation part-timers are amazing
1,The Pope needs to wake up.
2,The Vatican and the Pope are Illuminati. Don't be fooled by their performance
1,In conclusion, it is about coordinating the confrontation between Catholic tradition and change, whether it was filmed with a handheld technique. Image is not fixed and wobbly. The conversation between the two... A movie full of boring and boring stories. pedantic talk is a mess To be honest, I resent myself for buying movie tickets in the tickets.
2,Don't believe the Pope's way of looking at the Pope, and anyone who knows that the Pope is committing the most heinous murders and misdeeds in the world under the guise of peace, and that the power of the world is controlling the media, covering everyone's eyes and ears, slowly becoming enslavedThis is a warning. Those who have ears to listen to, listen
1,Just glorifying a dictator. Nothing more or less. It's a feeling of inducing a person to deify and worship a person who is only human. It was disgusting the whole time I watched it.
