라이언
5,A movie where you can feel despair and hope at the same time. The director feels like he's asking me to suffer. It's kind of boring.
6,The emotion of the last ending
1,How can you suddenly come to mind after 20 years?You have a great memory.If I were you, I wouldn't remember.
6,I keep getting emotional as I keep talking about the most basic human instincts throughout my life. What more explanation is needed for children to find their parents and parents to wait for their children? The comparison between India and Australia is annoying, perhaps because a white director made it, but there are also parts that are understood.
1,Oh, you make it a non-Republican proposition.
1,The same day as the drama of the imperial examination
1,A 5-year-old has a good memory
6,It's a true story like a movie. I feel a calm emotion. Family, hometown, memories, and love
1,If you watch this movie, you'll know why it's highly rated ^^; But I barely watched it like a soap opera in this movie. When you choose a movie, don't look at the movie reviews and choose the best scenario or various opinions
1,There are many scenes on the bed with a woman, and it's unnecessary
6,A long time ago, looking for me...
2,The heavy content and the development was cliche and loose, so I couldn't get into it The video was so dark that I couldn't help but feel frustrated So boring
4,I saw it on TV, and it was boring to make a boring production
6,What a great, human triumph movie. But the movie is boring and boring
6,Adoption is no exception to our country
3,One of the movies that was fished for ratings is very corny and distracting by putting things that don't really need to be in the story
6,Congratulations and consolation to the main character in the story.
1,As it shows, Australia is well-off and well-designed, while India is not. Stealing from the beginning. I skipped all the scenes when the melody came out. A movie that follows Slumdog Millionaire. It's a full-fledged Western-American film based on Indian materials. Noh Gam-dong.
1,I think MBC's surprise will make it more fun
5,The movie that goes as I thought... a documentary film
6,The young Saroo cast is awesome, Google Earth PPL is awesome, and it's less touching than I expected
1,A more boring movie because it's a true story. There's no touching moment
6,I don't think the main character is Indian. That's why I couldn't get into it. I think he's Middle Eastern or Parky or Bangla.  You look like a Muslim.
5,Young Saroo was so cute The reality was a little different, but... I don't think it's that fun... It's boring... It's not a well-made movieAnd I think some people believe it's a true story, but it's a reconstruction based on it, not a reproduction of the true story itself. Please...
6,His hometown before adoption, where he calmly visits his memory.
3,No fun at all... rolling around with a woman every time the scene changes. It doesn't fit the theme at all. There's no reason or need for romance, but he forced it in for running time
1,It's so boring, especially from an hour and a half
6,The true story is even more touching. But the fun of the movie Sher is normal.
5,Didn't you put too much effort into reproducing the true story? A flat story popped up as a moving subject. It's not like a movie, but it's like watching a documentary.
5,The power of true story rather than the power of film
1,Why do I have to pay for a "10-point ad"?
6,It's meaningful but. It's not very interesting as a movie. The story drags on as the child wanders. Only those who like humanism...
2,It is a movie that tries to understand all emotions and empathy by jumping for 20 years.
6,The ending is already widely known, so I don't feel emotional, but the kid is so cute. It is a pity that there is not enough consideration for foster parents in the process of finding biological parents
6,It's like watching a long public service commercial.
6,It's touching, but there's no fun or immersion in the movie.
6,In Lunimara, er... I'm ugly. Chiarama
6,Maybe it's a simple story, a story we've heard a lot about... The skill to keep it moving...
5,What you want to talk about and what you see are very different
6,I am happy as if surprised by the sound of thunder, and the happiness is as deep as the sea.
6,It's more boring than I thought. It's worth seeing when you google it.
1,The rating is too high. :)
5,Young Saru, young Saru, and Australian mothers showed outstanding acting skills. Scenarios, filming, and so on went well. However, the director's directing skills scattered ashes on the film. a film that shows how much the director's competence plays in the film
6,I dozed off a little.The content is good, but personally, I don't feel much interest in calm movies, so I couldn't really relate to them
5,I didn't watch the movie, but honestly, if the main character hadn't been adopted and raised by a good family, would he have been able to visit his hometown? Rather than being moved by the main character, I want to thank the adopted family for caring and raising the main character. I didn't watch the movie.
6,"How to use the true story of the 4th Revolution on Google Earth."A collaboration of three countries!
1,Byul-Room. Why is this in the 9th place?
1,It's a true story, but is it fun and touching?
1,It's a true story, but it's far worse than fiction.It's not fun or touching.A more strange character than a heady adoptee.I think he's the most eccentric character in the movie.
1,I enjoyed it touchingly, but the rating is too high. People in Korea like moving movies, so they always get high scores for these Indian movies, but there is a sense that production and visuals fall a little, so about 8 points are suitable
6,Walk in an honest direction toward the true emotion of the true story.
6,I know it's based on a true story, and I know what the movie is trying to convey. What we expect is how you put it. The cast of the actors was really good, but the movie didn't express it well. Appropriate rating from 6 to 6.5.
