장민호 드라마 최종회
1,X] It's not a movie that's rated this much, but I think it came out too high
1,Why is this in 2nd place...
1,Geukyeom
1,I'm from the Rating and Valuation Committee.
1,Why is this in 2nd place? I hate it
1,I don't know why this is the highest rating
1,Rating Too High
1,v
10,I don't want to give stars, so I give them 10 points. I can't believe there's a movie that's on the list of movie categories... The irony... That singer is...
1,
2,I hope you can keep this with your fans
10,Jang Minho's drama final episode. I'm rooting for you, visual artist Jang Minho, who has the best singing ability and stage performance, regardless of genre
10,I'm touched by the final episode of the drama.
10,
1,It's not a bad movie for the fans, but it's too embarrassing to be ranked first in the movie ratings
1,I hope MINO doesn't come out a bad singer
10,10 out of 10! For almost 2 hours, I watched Minho's face and listened to his songs. I didn't miss a cut and smiled and cried with him여Thank you for coming all the way hereI'll be on the side forever~^^
10,It was a great performance. My mother was most moved.
1,Your GPA is too much
10,It's so touching and full of love
10,It felt like I was watching a drama.It's so nice.
10,
10,It was the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama.It was the most moving documentary film. Everyone watched it comfortably like a concert
10,
10,It's the best movie where you can feel the emotions of the concert vividly.
10,It's a touching story that shines even more after enduring a long time. I'm touched by crying and laughing together
10,Throughout the movie, the best singing ability on the stage caught my eyes and earsIt's so touching
10,He was more like an actor than the actor in the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama. He sang and dominated the stageA girl group dance cover song. She's an entertainer who's so cute and talented I'm rooting for those who are looking forward to the future
10,It was a precious time where I could feel the emotions that I felt at the concert. Jang Minho, who has the best emotional voice, is cute, sexy, and considerate. I'm proud to be on your side
10,
10,
10,I almost cried while listening to the song. Sincerely delivering the lyrics...And seeing your bright smile makes me smile. It was a healing time. It was more meaningful because I watched it with my mother-in-law who likes Jang Min-ho.My mother-in-law liked it
8,Emperor Pill of Noir to Nige Honey
1,Wow, Jang Minho is so pretty!
1,Who is Jang Minho?
10,I watched a drama where the epic story of the concert was deeply conveyed in the movie!!! It was so nice to see the live performance of solo concert with one movie, and thank you for giving me a touching pleasureI strongly recommend it!
10,Jang Minho is a singer who is sincere and sincere. He is a singer who is looking forward to his future activities. I felt touched by the drama's final concert. I watched the parts that I missed. I felt closer to Minho, so I had a good time
10,It's different from the movie concert that I want to keep alive
1,I guess it's personal preference
10,I was so touched to see MINO's vivid image, who I really like
2,This is a movie? This is a movie. This is a movie?
1,No fun... It was such a waste of time
10,Looking at you on the big screen, you look more sincere when you singI'm always rooting for you, cool Minho
10,I was touched by the behind-the-scenes story of Jang Minho's first solo concert on the screen Thanks to you, I'm getting healed Thank you.
10,I felt warm because of Jang Minho's song that everything changed because of Corona
10,
10,
2,There is a reason why the total number of visitors is less than the number of confirmed cases of COVID-19 per day on the 5th day of its release.
10,I watched the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama 3 times, and I'm going to watch it 4 times more Concerts are good, but it's touching to see and hear 3D sound on the big screen He's like a good-looking foreign actor and his singing skills stand out
10,I watched it seven times. I'll see you three more times.Jang Min-ho, who sings much better than the trot audition, created a dramatic life as the theme of a solo concert and made it into a film.
10,
1,It's really not funny. It's like a waste of time
10,I heard it was a live concert, so I went to see it, but I came back because I fell in love with Jang Minho's charmsI felt like the movie time was too short and I was sad that the movie endedI'll make sure to go and watch the concert next time I became your fan
10,A movie with a touching story! I strongly recommend it
10,I had a soulful shower
10,Touching on the screen is another memory
10,I watched it as if I were watching a concert. I was happy because you sang well, your personality was good, and you were even touched.I think I'll go watch it again
10,I'm so happy to see MINO's dance comment in detail. Thank you
10,I was so touched and happyI love you.
10,It was so nice to be able to feel the excitement of the concert I thought that Minho was a great singer and I wanted to see him again I recommend the final episode of Jang Minho's drama
10,The concert was so touching. Another movie. Thank you for the joy. Your personality is also great
10,One can only see one thing Make sure you watch it. You'll see it again
10,ID Jang Minho, I wish you the best
10,
10,It's a movie where you can feel the emotion of Minho's concert again. ^^
10,I enjoyed the final episode of the dramaUnlike the concert, I was so immersed in the performance on the screen that I felt touched 2 hours flew by when I fell in love with MINO's appealing and emotional song and charming voice It's so touching and it still lingers, so I re-booked it' Hah!
10,The final episode of Jang Minho's drama was touchingID Jang Minho, thank you Please sing a good song forever
10,It's different from the concertThe sound was good and it was great to see you up close
10,It was a happy time to see Jang Minho, who I couldn't see up close at the concert^^
10,Jang Minho's drama final episode. I'm still moved I was so sad to see you on the 25th, so I want to see you again on the 26th I love and support Minho, who doesn't need words, everything. Singing, dancing, girl group, dancing, singing, I thought I was going to faint. I didn't know if an angel came down or a doll was moving Ilsan CGV
10,I'm so touched by the final episode of Jang Min Ho's concert drama. Voice that touches my heart. Time flew by while I was crying and laughing. It felt like I was at the concert
10,It's like Jang Minho's long efforts paid off, and his singing and dance performance are the best
10,It was so sentimental and I loved it was so nice
10,It's full of content and 100 times more touching.I watched the first concert in Seoul. I was touched because it felt like that.Minho's singing ability and expression change according to his emotions is a charm that can only be seen on the screen.
10,Jang Minho's drama, the final episode of solo concert, will be delivered as it is. Minho on the screen, I wish you all the best
10,I knew about Jang Minho's concert, but when I saw the movie, I ran for joy  It's touching to see you singing so hard on the screen    "Fan ID"'s first concert is an unforgettable touching drama  I think it would be good to watch it 10 times in a row
10,It felt different because my favorite singer came out on the big screen It was even more touching
10,It's a drama that you can't see anywhere elseI can't tell you how touched I amThe final episode of the drama concert that you want to show to many people
10,Our lives are also the main characters in the drama.Jang Min-ho's music gives healing to the struggling neighbors living in this era. It was a happy time.
10,Through the final episode of the drama, there were many cool things that made me think of communication. It was so nice and cool that I could relate to the expressions that felt like a sale
10,It was my favorite singer, but it was great to see, sound, video beauty, sound, and directing
10,I saw Minho at the concert, but it's new to see only Minho on the big screen!"Fan ID"! Let's always be together!
10,There's another touching moment from the concert.I was crying and laughing... I enjoyed the final episode of the drama with a story.
10,It was so touching and different from the concert
10,
10,It was so touching. The best actor, Jang Minho
10,
10,The concert video was edited well, so I enjoyed watching it. It could be boring, but it was fun thanks to the composition!
10,I was really sad that there was no concert in Gwangju, but when I saw it on the big screen, it felt like I was at a concert hall I'm really into the organized composition and videos As if watching a well-made musical, I lost track of time. Thank you so much for making it, and thank you so much for being able to see it in Gwangju^^?
1,"Kanada, Rama-Basa-Aja-cha, South Africa
9,It's the most touching moment for Jang Minho's fans.
10,I was sad that it was shown twice a dayThroughout the entire period? I watched it twice, but I want to watch it again and againIt was so nice to see you on stage without any pretenseI was thankful that I could clearly see his handsome featuresI realized that Minho sang so well even though he was good at singing. The emotion that went deep into my heart was overwhelmingly touchingWhen Minho cries, we cry together and sympathize with each other a lot"Fan ID," thank you for the final episode of the drama and thank you
1,
10,
10,I watched the concert in the field, but I was moved a thousand times by watching the movie. I am proud and happy to be on your side, the best singer, Jang Minho
10,I was able to see the parts that I missed at the concert in detail on the screen  I've seen it five times today, but it's still not enough. I feel touched every time I see it   It's going to continue at Suwon CGV on the 29th and 30th~~
10,Would it be more touching than this?It's a documentary, but it's a movie that's more impressive than any other luxury movie. I'd like to thank Jang Minho for giving me the best present
10,You can fall in love with Jang Minho's charms
10,I'm touched that the deep emotions of a sentimental person are shown on the screen It's a pleasure to see you in detail. Thank you for watching this movie, Jang Minho, the multi-talented entertainer, Jang Minho"
10,I was sad that I couldn't go to the concert, but I enjoyed it so muchOur Mino is the best! Please show us a lot of good things from now onThank you for your existence
10,It was good to see the delicate expression through the screen that was not seen on the show or the concert and Jang Minho's deep musical skills were conveyed in depth
10,The concerts in Seoul, Incheon, and Seongnam were different, but the concerts we met through the big screen were different
10,
10,Jang Minho's drama final episode is touching. I've seen his solo concert, but I want to say that his eyes and ears are touching. It's just amazing
10,I watched a masterpiece movie that touched my heartI look up to you again
1,Half a star is enough
10,Watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama on the big screen made me feel twice as touchedThe dance song was so exciting that the song came out of the mask while crying and laughing all the time. I watched the drama as a touching fan where Jang Min Ho's story and life were completely relieved
10,I want to watch the final episode of Jang Minho's drama again and watch it again and againI laughed, cried, and was touched I've seen you four times, but I keep missing you My heart is full. It's different from the concert. It was a happy two days
10,Jang Min Ho's concert movie.A big emotion permeated my heart.The moment my heart skipped a beat at the first concert in Seoul overlapped.The aura that makes you breathless and immersed. Soulful voice. Absolute pitch. Singing ability. Lovely and cool choreography. Trot genius. Brilliant sculpture. I always cherish, love, and support you, Jang Minho...
10,The final episode of Jang Min-ho's drama is about his true story in this one movie His detailed facial expressions that he couldn't read and couldn't see at the concert are close-up. He sings with his heart. Every singer who sings with his heart can't get out of his style. Jang Min-ho interprets songs in a similar style. His handsomeness is great His story in between helps me understand him At this time of the year, this movie is not only a fan, but also a movie that can be easily watched by people who like songs and warm stories
10,It felt different from the concert, so I enjoyed watching the song and applause alone. It's so touching. It's so touching
10,I enjoyed watching a movie like a drama where I can feel the emotion of the concert again. If you haven't seen the concert, I recommend you to watch it.
10,It's different from the concert
10,It's a movie that's fun and touchingI strongly recommend it
10,I'm so touched by the concert again.It's a concert music video where you can definitely see Jang Min Ho's performance as an entertainer.
10,
10,Time flew by with joy and deep emotionHis singing and dancing skills captivate Jang Min Ho's performance and his MC-like performance I'm going to watch it again tomorrow. I want to watch it again after I watch it
10,It was a good start. I enjoyed watching it the whole time. When I went to the concert last year, it was so good, but it was even more touching to see you singing on the big screen in the movie theater. It felt like I was watching a concert again, so it was good. After I saw it, I showed the ticket at the ticket office and received the movie poster. It's twice as touching. I bragged about it to people around me. I kept thinking about the touching videos and I wanted to watch them again.I don't know how long it will be in the movie theater, but I'm going to go and watch it again. I hope to see other people, too
10,It was a happy time as I was watching the movie theater screen with its unique charm
10,Jang Minho's first movie was so touching I remember going to the concert and it was nice to see your face in detail in the movie Jang Minho, who has a handsome face and perfect singing, is the best singer
10,It's so nice to see the excitement of the concert on the big screen.The memory of that day comes back and cheers internally.It's not about seeing a good thing.I don't get tired of seeing and being happy.Thank you for bringing back the warm memories.
10,It was nice to see Minho in the final episode of the drama I wanted to keep that touching moment The best movie. Thumbs up
10,The excitement of Jang Minho's concert was delivered to the theater, so I watched the movie with emotionallyCool Jang Minho. As expected
10,Jang Minho's drama "Final Episode" was like a drama I love and support Jang Minho, the star of this great drama
10,It was the moment when I was touched by his singing skills, manners, visuals
10,After watching Jang Minho's concert twice, I was so happy that I booked Suwon Concert and Jamsil Concert, but it was so sad that it was canceled due to Corona.It's my first time watching a concert movie, but I'm not good at booking tickets, so I can feel the delicate emotional expression of each song that I haven't seen on the stage before, so I'm more immersed in the song.Thank you so much for the generous full-face shot. It's true that handsome people have a full-face shot. The content of the interview is like a gem. It's simple and sincere, so I fell in love with human Jang Minho again.
1,What do you mean 9.93? Are you kidding me?
1,One star is enough
10,Jang Min-ho gave a different impression than the final episode of the drama - the concert.It was good to see the facial expression of Jang Min-ho when he sang.It is a good movie that can heal you by crying and laughing while watching a movie.
10,
10,It feels like the concert is really touching.
10,I was so touched at the concert.He cried and laughed, moved his shoulders and fell in love with Jang Minho's charmsI'm also waiting for the second episode of the drama. Jang Min Ho~ Forever
10,Two hours passed like 10 minutes with an appealing deep voice and a charming, colorful, charming drama that I couldn't take my eyes off of like a deer's eyes as if they had a jewel in them
10,
10,I've seen many concerts, but I can feel the emotions that I didn't see at the concert. I can't help but be touched by the sound and video. Jang Minho, my star. Jang Minho, who will shine yesterday and tomorrow. Jang Minho, forever. Jang Minho
10,I couldn't go to the concert, but I was so happy to see MINO's face on the big screenI feel like Minho is right in front of me, so I'm still nervous
10,
10,Watching the drama movie, Jang Min-ho's concert drama moved back to life, laughing together, crying together, clapping together, and waving hands.He's so into it.
10,Jang Minho's drama, the final episode, shows his emotions with his facial expressions. It's like a movie, concert, or musical
10,A documentary film that crosses various genres!!! Jang Min-ho's record film, humorous directing, and warm writings enhance the dignity of the movie. Jang Minho's song shows the sound effects of the movie theater and the power to fill your heart
10,It's so touching that it feels like we're seeing it at a concert·For the time being, I'm going to keep this feeling
10,Jang Minho's drama. The best drama in the final episode
10,The song is really good. And the expression that delivers the song is really real and stands out
10,It was nice to see someone I liked. It was nice to see their facial expressions in detail. As Minho said, "Look at their face" is perfect. I think I just enjoyed watching the background music, fun, etc  I get the energy to live my life to the fullest ~~
10,
10,Just like how I felt at the concert,
10,
10,It was a different time than what I saw at the concert.The composition of the movie was very good. Great job, Jang Minho. Thumbs up
10,I've been to several drama concerts, but I'm very satisfied because I think I shared the detailed facial expressions and emotions that I didn't see at the concert with Minho while watching the final episode of the dramaIt was a good time where I had a lot of thoughts while looking back on the past concerts
10,It's enough to fill up the sadness of not being able to go to the concert!
10,I was touched by the final episode of Jang Minho's drama
10,
10,It's a movie where you can see something different from the concert.Even if you sit in the front row of gold, you can't watch the whole thing, but you can't help but be moved because you can see no sweat, no shaking eyes, and even the trembling skin on the screen.If you're a fan of Jang Min-ho, if you want to know him even a little, run to the movie theater right away.It's a hundred times more touching.
10,I was sad that I couldn't go to the concert, but it was a happy time watching the final episode of the drama, feeling overwhelming emotions, tears, and joy. Jang Minho forever. I'm responding♡♡♡
10,I was so touched by Mino's concert videoI was happy the whole time.Jang Min Ho forever ♡♡♡♡
6,Hi, hi, hi. It's Moon!
10,I'm so touched by the concert again
10,I was very sad that I couldn't attend the concert drama, but I was happy because I was moved by the final episode of the drama.
10,I just saw itAs I saw him on the big screen, I realized that he's a great singer regardless of genres. He's eloquent and has a great voice. He has a great voice. He knows my name I cried when I saw MINO singingIt was touching. I was touched by Minho's fans' support at the concert. I heard that you're preparing for the second concert. I really want to go Today's movie was so touchingReady star, Jang Min Ho, go for it!~♡♡
10,Even though it's a music movie, the storyline and storyline are as perfect as any other movie   The sound was so good and it was a movie that I wanted to keep watching
10,I couldn't go to the concert, but it was fun and touching. It was so good^^ I wish you all the best in the future Jang Minho, fighting!
10,It's like watching a concert in the VIP seatI went with my husband and had a touching time
10,While watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama, I was moved and moved by the stage and made unforgettable memories The composition of the song and story were so good that I lost track of time and enjoyed a happy time
10,It's different from the concertTime flew by as I laughed while crying
10,I watched it without knowing the time was passing. I was touched again at the concert. Every second is so precious and I'm thankful. Thank you to Minho Jang and his agency for making good works.
10,I went to the concert myself. It was so touching. What was better was that I could see Mino's delicate expression on the big screen. It was so lively ~♡♡♡ There's nothing to expressIt's so touching! Make sure to watch it^^
10,The final episode of the drama is so awesome and I'm so into it
10,It's the first movie I watched alone in a theater in 2 years because of the COVID-19 situation. I was sad that I couldn't see the concert, but I filled up all the sadness and was touched. I had a hard time watching it, but I want to go again
10,Even though you went to a concert?I was touched and had a lot of fun compared to the concertI followed my friend, but from now on, I'm going to cheer for you as a fan of Jang Minho"Fan ID," fighting!
10,
10,
1,I don't like trot singers.
10,The concert was very touching, but there's another deep echo on the big screen I was able to see his singing skills and delicate expressions in detail, so it touched my heart more and I felt the emotions of the singer when he was singing It's the best drama movie
10,It's definitely touching^^
10,
10,I wish I could focus on Minho. His singing skills and charm are touching enough to make me want to see him again
10,It's different from concerts. Mino is always cool
10,Minho who watched the CGV movie has another feeling. He sings and talks the best. Handsome Minho, I wish you the best in your movie
10,First of all, regardless of genre, vocal master, real trot man with a good voice and personality. I'm rooting for you even more because you'll never lose your motivation.
10,I really enjoyed Jang Minho's dramaIt was so touching
10,I couldn't see the concert up close because of the bad seating position, but it was nice to see the movie through the large screen, and I was so immersed in the best singing ability and excellent stage manners that I lost track of time. I'm going to see my friend every day after day. It was so touching.
10,The last story of Jang Minho's solo concert...The first step for another start was so touching and happyI'll always be rooting for you
10,It's a drama in your life where you can feel your passion for music, your humility, basic consideration, and filial piety with the song
10,It was a happy time to feel the emotions of the drama concert, which was filled with emotions even after the 2 hours of beautiful story and directing that was embroidered with Jang Minho's unique voice
10,
10,It was touching
10,Touching, touching. Do we need more words?
10,
10,I was so happy to see MINO's final concert on the screen The sound was good. Especially, I fell in love with the song 2 hours flew by. It was the best ~♡
10,The song and story go well together, you can feel the emotion, joy, and joy, and the part that you didn't see on the screen is more touching, and the stereotype of trot stimulated the emotions of the viewers It was the best stage and it became the best movie
10,I can't watch the final episode of Minho's movie and dramaI'll go to the market this Saturday to prepare for my father's turnHe said he was touchedI will cheer for you at the movie theater and cryMinho oppa, fighting!
10,Make sure to take your parents there  You'll love it Jang Minho, I'm so touched
10,
10,The Lunar New Year holiday is coming up, so it was a great work that I should show my parents
10,He's an artist who doesn't understand why 24 years of obscurity was longSomeone said thatI think that's right
10,It's the most touching drama. It's more touching than any other movie
10,
10,I was so touched at the concert. It was so good. I watched it with my middle school daughter. She said it felt like she was at a concert. She said it was so good. Satisfied. I wish you all the best
10,Jang Minho's best compliment for his movie dramaJoy, tears, and emotion itself
10,
10,I love Jang Minho's songs I was so touched by his acting I got emotional because it felt like a concert the whole time I watched it I wish you good luck. I'm always rooting you
10,Jang Minho's drama "Cha Jonghoe" is so touching
10,As expected, Jang Minho has another charm that he couldn't feel at the concert. He lost track of time. He's a talented entertainerThank you very much
10,It was different from the last episode of Jang Min Ho's drama concert  Watching the music video makes me want to see more concerts
10,
10,I got in trouble because I was so emotionalI'm so moved that I'm crying. I should go watch it again
10,It was the best movie that showed Jang Minho's personality and good influence
10,I enjoyed the final episode of Jang Minho's dramaIt was the best movie because I was able to feel the touching and touching moments of the concertMINO's every word was so touching  I'm always rooting for you
10,
10,As I watched the concert drama scene and the movie, I was able to feel only one singer Jang Minho, so I was even more touched by the video  I have to go watch it again  What's the second move?^^
10,I was touched by the concert and came back I'm looking forward to Drama 2
10,Hello, I'm Jeju Mint. I went to see it with my daughter yesterday, and it was so nice. I was moved and healed throughout the movie Thank you for giving us unforgettable memories Let's take off our masks and meet in Jeju after COVID-19. My singer is awesome today too. Smile strength :)
10,I watched it out of curiosity, and it looked like a concert I liked you, but you're so cool. I lost track of time even though I watched it alone It was so much fun I became a fan of Jang Minho
10,The final episode of Jang Minho's drama is touching. The movie I want to watch again and again is the best
10,The videos from the angles that I didn't see at the concert were new and the interviews of Minho were different from the ones I saw at the concert, so I was able to have a fun and happy time
10,It's like watching a concert
10,I'm touched by the final episode of Jang Minho's drama It's different from what you see at the concert
10,The music video that you want to watch again and again
10,The most touching life drama, the best singer, the best song
10,It's different from the concert
10,Congratulations on the release of the final episode of the drama, "Trot Gentleman Jang Min-ho".As a fan of Jang Minho forever, I'll do my best until the end. Jang Min Ho, fighting! The final episode of the drama, fighting!
10,Jang Minho's drama "Final Episode" concert charter and interviews with fans were so good. Even if you're not a fan, it was worth watching and touching I want to feel and cheer for Jang Minho, who will have his first solo concert after a long way to goI was surprised by his amazing live performance. His handsome face is like a dummy. I hope this person does better on his way home with emotion and happiness I cheered for you insideThe concert movie is also worth watching. I'm touched
10,It was introduced as a movie made about a singer's concert, but when I watched it, it contained one's life and philosophy, which deeply moved and resonated.I think it's a drama that contains both fun and touching moments
10,I was touched by the final episode of the drama The happiness and excitement that makes me feel like I'm at a concert. I fell in love with you again
10,I saw it at the concert, but when I saw it on the screen, I could see it more clearly and it was so touching.
10,It is the best work with excitement, emotion, and sincerity. How many singers can lift and release people's hearts as much as Jang Min-ho?  It was the best healing movie that we laughed together, cried and cheered together and received great consolation.
10,It's so touching I'm happy the whole time I see you
10,Even if we went to a concert, it'd be nice to see you again
10,Jang Min-ho's appealing singing ability and sincerity about the stage are added to his good looks and cinematic beauty, making the audience feel like they are on stage with his irresistible attraction throughout the showHis honest life and good personality will also be a point of view for him to calmly convey in the middle of the songIt's a movie I want to watch again
10,From the behind-the-scenes footage to the interview video, you can see the side of Jang Min Ho and feel his love for the fans. It was touching and fun I enjoyed watching the life drama of a man named Jang Minho
10,
10,I really enjoyed the movie. I'm touched
10,
10,While waiting for the second episode of Jang Minho's drama, I love and support you as if it's today Luxury person Jang Minho. Jang Minho is the answerThe touching and exciting moments of the concert made me emotional. Two hours went by in a happy illusion that MINO would walk through the screen See you again before the final episode of the drama ends We
10,I really enjoyed watching Jang Minho's movieIt was even better to think about the concertOnly in Jang Minho's documentary films
10,I'm so touched by the final episode of Jang Minho's drama. He's cool, handsome, and the song is even better I'm tearing up because my heart is singing desperately. Thank you. Thank you for your hard work
10,Watching the final episode of Jang Min Ho's solo concert, watching the Seoul concert with a heart-warming heart, fascinated by the performance. Incheon, Seongnam, Suwon, unfortunately, the final episode will be canceled. Let's wait for the second episode
10,I lost track of time and watched it  I watched it yesterday, but I'm going to go again today. I had to go to the concert three times. I think the movie will be like that too. The more I watch it, the more I want to watch it
10,It was the most touching performance^^
10,It was a movie that touched the heart of the concert and touched the heart of Jang Minho
10,Like the title of the drama, it feels like I watched a drama in your life while listening to the song Sometimes it was heartbreaking and sometimes touching, but I watched it without knowing the time
10,It was a heart-warming time where I could feel the emotions and sincerity of the song
10,Jang Minho, it's a great song in a drama that cheers everyone in the world to be the main character. It'
10,
10,
10,It was good as if we were enjoying the concert on the spot. It's a good thing that Mino looks close to me.It's been a long time since we sang and clapped. It was fun
10,It's fun and touching
10,Jang Minho's live performance is still alive. You're the best!
10,
10,It was touching to see that the final concert was canceled and the feeling of regret was met through the movie. The behind-the-scenes and story interviews were good, and I was able to see the facial expressions that I didn't see during the performance in detail, which made me feel touched. Handsomeness like an actor added light, not to mention luxury singing and performance. Even if you're not on the side, I recommend that you won't regret it if you watch it.
10,
10,Jang Minho's favorite drama. Good
10,
10,
10,I'm touched by MINO's song and dance in the song and dance You can even see my singing face, so I enjoyed it even more
10,
10,MINO's solo concert is the best
10,It was so touching and it was a great time to see the concert again^^
10,Even though I saw Jang Minho's concert, it was very touching to watch on the screen was very touching I hope many people watch it and get lots of happy energy
10,It's different from the concert's touching moments~Please go and watch itYou'll regret it if you don't see it^^
10,It's different from the concert's touching moments~Please go and watch itYou'll regret it if you don't see it^^
10,For those who haven't watched Jang Min Ho's solo concert drama, you must watch it.The emotions and feelings at the concert are delivered as they are.
10,Once you see it, you'll miss it again
10,I made the best memories with my high school friends How can it be so cool? Singing, dancing, cute story. Perfect
10,It was another touching moment to see the drama concert at the theater It was like a concert hall when I saw it on the big screen I laughed and cried. It was a fun day I was so sad about the 2 hours
10,I enjoyed watching the final episode of Jang Minho's dramaThe comments and performance videos that reflect your singing life were touching. I'm sending you interest and support on Jang Min Ho's singing path
10,It is a tearful music movie delivered in one beautiful voice
10,I fell in love with Jang Minho's great singing ability, good looks, and kind personality while watching the final movie of Jang Minho's dramaI strongly recommend the final episode of Jang Minho's drama as a healing movie during a time when everyone is having a hard time with COVID-19
10,
10,The fun and moving feeling of the concert is the same, but it feels different from the actual feeling. You can meet singer Jang Minho who speaks with facial expressions and eyes that you couldn't see at the concert
10,Different from the heat at the concert? It was like that. It was like that back then. It's nice to be able to see you comfortably. Minho is the most handsome guy I've ever seen on a big screen^^
10,I was so touched by his great song on the big screen that I enjoyed the final episode of Jang Minho's drama I'm going to watch and watch another honest drama
10,
10,It felt like I was watching a drama, so I lost track of time and watched a movie I was deeply moved by your versatility. I wanted to see you again and again, so I couldn't stand up even after the movie ended It was so much fun and enjoyable
10,It's as touching and touching as any other work.Human... Excitingly relieving stress~~Highly recommended
10,It was a touching concert movie where you can enjoy the concert with the unique experience of seeing and listening to the song from the perspective of singer Jang Minho It was better to listen to a song expressed with delicate and deep emotions that was different from what I felt at the concert. Now, it is a touching movie of singer Jang Min Ho who has been a reliable role model for juniors who are on the same path together
10,I was able to feel Minho's charm in the theaterLet's laugh together and be moved together...It was such a happy time while watching the movie^^
10,I went to watch the music video with my whole family. After watching it, my family said that Minho is cool, sings well, and is the best. My crying child was so moved that he wanted to show me his mother-in-law. I was happy
10,After watching the 6th concert, I felt sad. Minho appeared on the big screen this morning. I cried, laughed, clapped, and watched it 100 times and 1000 times. I think there will be no end to my emotions I felt the love of singing, dancing, beauty, and pen. Forever, my side, I love you
10,
10,I was touched. The moment I captured my heart, I was amazed
10,I was impressed by it differently than the concertIt was such a happy timeMinho, I'm always rooting for you
10,I enjoyed watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama for two hours Even if you watch it twice, it's twice as impressive
10,
10,It feels like we've gotten closer? It's different from the concert
10,I'm so touchedI feel like I'm at a concert with MINO's vividness^^ Thank you and thank you
10,It was a deep echo of Jang Minho, who has been unknown for a long time. I think I've seen a whole concertWe cried together and enjoyed it togetherI will support you for a long time. I hope you become stronger
8,Thank you for enduring the final episode of Jang Minho's drama and coming all the way here I always support you and love you
10,I captured the emotions that I felt at the concert. It was so good while watching it The song is good, the comments are good, not to mention his faceI want to see you again and again
10,I want to say thank you for enduring your drama-like life and walking wellMy heart was touched by the deep echo of my voice, which is filled with emotions and expressions like acting
10,Of course, I saw them all at the concert, but I could see each and every facial expression. I was totally overwhelmed by Minho who was delicate and charmingI have to watch the second episode on the 24th, so I'm going to CgV to meet Minho tomorrow
10,
10,The final episode of Jang Minho's drama was so touching. I was happy for 2 hours because it felt like I was watching the concert again
10,It was touching, realistic, and livelyIt was very goodI recommend it
10,It was a bummer that I couldn't see a concert like a western concert, but I was touched that dayMINO's side. My side. It was a happy 2 hoursMinho ♡ Mint forever
10,
10,Looking at the big screen, it's Minho's face. I'm so happy that I can even feel the emotions
10,The movie still lingers afterwardsDo I have to take an annual leave because I want to go again tomorrow?I think we'll see each other a few more timesI was really impressed.
10,The final episode of Jang Minho's drama was so touching. I was touched again at the concert It's a drama like a drama. I'm just thankful that MINO's life is changing Stay healthy and happy. Walk on flowery paths in the mint field I'm always rooting for you
10,I was touched by the story of Minho, who knows the life of Jang Minho's drama's final episode artist, and who lives sincerely and passionately with his initial commitment as a singer, touching, healing, and giving love to many people.
10,I'm so touched. I still can't go away
10,He sings so well, his touching story touches my heart, his stage manners, performance, and concert direction are all perfect.And there's a behind the scenes... I enjoyed the movie.Make a fortune!.
10,
10,While watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama, I can feel the warmth and warmthJang Minho is an example of how he has been developing and managing himself well, not just his popularity in the entertainment industry, for a long time The more I know that he's a great singer that's a role model for young people these days, the more I get to know him  Just by looking at the dignity and humanist in every word of his language, you fall in love with his personalityThe statue's shining beauty stands out on the big screenI look forward to your great acting career
10,It's so touching Two hours went by so quickly, crying and laughing with MinhoI want to see it again
10,There's a story behind Jang Min Ho's song.The choreography is full and touching
10,It means that the song and gesture of Jang Minho in the concert drama movie go well together. It is a concert drama that made me laugh and moved.
10,I've been mesmerized for two hours by Jang Min-ho's deep and appealing luxury voice and his outstanding beauty and witty and warm talk that penetrates the screen.If you don't watch the concert video that's full of experience, make sure you lose
10,I was so touched that day. The final episode of the drama was the bestJang Min-ho, the best and cool singer
10,It's different from the concert The concert hall was wide and far away, so it was nice to see your silhouette and video, but it was so nice to see you right in front of my eyes on the theater screen The sound was good, so I liked listening to the song I'm going to feel that emotion again tomorrow
10,It was 2 hours more dramatic than any other drama Once again, I was so touched by the concert. I think it's the first time that a singer has been touched enough to have respect It's hard to explain. You'll find out when you come here
10,I'm touched. It was the best drama
10,
10,
10,It's different from the concert. When you sing a touching song, you look so happy. I'm so touching Attractive Jang Minho, you have the best stage manners The dance line is also artI think it's a good thing that I became on Jang Minho's side with sincerityKeep up the good work. I hope your drama will be successful
10,It was so touching at the concert, tooThank you for the more detailed, touching, and tearfully grateful
10,The emotion of Minho's facial expression, which was not seen on the spot, was conveyed in the moving story of life reversal, while laughter and tears intersected.Happy 2 hours are a page of memories~ Minho and the staff! Thank you for your hard work. Thank you^^
10,It was different from the concertI'm so satisfied and I ended my healing day
10,It's so touching. If you watch it with all generations, you won't regret it. I can feel the reality of the concert
10,I looked back on the concert and enjoyed it so much I'm always rooting for you, looking forward to the drama season 2
10,Watching a drama from a concert as a movie makes me happy with another charm
10,It's so touching and good that I want to cry. I want to see it again even though I saw it twice
10,
10,It's different from the concert. I was able to see you up close. It was a loud echo of the master of touching island
10,
10,I saw Minho's concert in Seoul and Busan, but it was postponed due to COVID-19, so my heart was broken. I finally saw Minho's face at the movie theater today, and I cried again while listening to the song.I cried even though it was hard to wipe off the mask.I made a reservation to go on the weekend, but I don't know if I will cry.Thank you very much.I'm always rooting for you
10,Today's movie is different from the concert. It's very touchingI didn't know at the concert, but it was like a gift that gave me touching details
10,It's so nice to be able to feel the emotions that I felt at the concert once again. I'm so touched by your performance.
10,
10,I was so touched by Jang Minho'The scene where Jang Minho is doing a concert is so cool.And he's so handsome.It was so cool.
10,Watch the concert live on a big screen
10,
10,It was so touching and niceIt was nice to watch it again like at the concert, and it made me cry and laugh. How can you be so charming and a trot gentleman? He was the best artist ever
10,It reminded me of the concert, understood MINO's thoughts and feelings, and I was touched and comfortedI'd like to recommend it to those who haven't seen the concertI'll always be rooting for you, Jang Minho
10,Our singer was so cool and nice I hope you walk on flowery paths
10,It was nice to see the parts that I missed at the concert
10,I went to Jang Minho's drama concert movie today He's so handsome on the screen. He's into dancing and singing Recommend.
10,It's a music video for a documentary movie and concert, but it's so touching. Yes, I was happy
10,I watched the final episode of Jang Minho's drama The time went by so quickly. It was a concert movie that seemed like it would go by so quickly even if you look at it for 4 hours. I'm so touched. Tears are falling down. I want to go watch it again
10,It was fine.
10,It was different from when I saw it at the concertI strongly recommend it^^
10,I was so touched and touched by the concert. I had a happy time being drunk on Jang Min Ho's human side and singing with unique emotions
10,
10,I was able to watch it happily
10,It feels like a musical. I'm touched
10,It was a touching drama that showed off Jang Minho's charms
10,While watching, I was touched. We laughed together, cried together, clapped together. I don't think it's even an hour ago. It's sad that it's over. I'll see you again tomorrow, "Fan ID"!
10,
10,It was touching the whole time I watched the final episode of Jang Minho's drama
10,It was nice to see the parts that I missed at the concert in detail.It was a shame that the organized composition, the time to laugh and cry with Jang Min-ho, and the time was short. I'm going to see Wednesday because I don't want to see it once.
10,It's like Jang Minho, who can look into the human side of a person. It's a concert documentary, but it feels like I've seen a great drama
10,It was a happy time because I saw MINO's pretty face and thought of the concert  I'm going to see you again in Suwon
10,You're giving me a different vibeI was happy to be able to see the emotions that I was happy ~
10,Laughing and crying...Time flew by.I was happy to see and feel the details that I missed at the concert.
10,
10,
10,The various performances and story songs were all touching and I saw a great performance like a live emperor.It's a movie that won't be a waste to watch
10,
10,I was so happy to see MINO being touched
10,
10,I watched Wonju cqvIt's so touching
10,
10,His expression seemed to tell the story of his lifeI strongly recommend it
10,I'm so excited about your solo concert. I wish you success
10,Trot gentleman Jang Minho's singing, performance, visual dance, and talking skills And I can't even be touched with just once  I'm rooting for you, Jang Minho
10,There were a lot of performances that touched me deeply. For those who love performances and love trot, please come and watch!
10,It's so touching that I think I'll see you again tomorrow
10,It was a touching and healing movie that made the audience cry and laugh. There's a long lingering feeling that I want to see you more even after watching it
10,It's touching, fun, and it's a perfect movie with all the songs and dances
10,
10,It's a movie where you can feel the vivid emotions of the concert more delicately It feels like 2 hours have passed in an instant I want to see you again and again
10,It was so nice to see Minho's facial expressions from a different angle on the big screen, and his cheekbones went up as soon as the drama started, so he could get a facial paralysis The most important thing is that the audience is on the same side, cheering in unison, and it was a cathartic time like the coolness after crying The excitement and excitement is at its highest level of excitement and excitement
10,It was great. I'm going again tomorrow
10,It was a shame that time went by so quicklyMinho's song is still ringing in my earsㅜㅜ I miss you againcrying
10,Watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama, I'm so moved by the concertOn the big screen, handsome Bboom Bboom Bboom. Touching comments. Everything is the best
10,The choreography was great. Jang Minho's song made my heart race. I was touched for 2 hours
10,Jang Minho is definitely better than I expected
10,It's a movie that has a lot of details and feels like a real person. It's warm
10,Jang Minho's dance comment is full of love and charm. The video is amazing and touchingEspecially, I enjoyed watching girl group dance. You know my name, right? When I called my dad, I cried a lot What else do we need to say about Jang Minho's drama?  That itself is touching
10,It was the best. Pit-a-
10,I was so happy because the big screen was filled with handsome Minho that I couldn't see in detail at the concertI put all the small expressions on your eyes where you laugh and sing because you like itThe song and the visual beauty were the best
10,I loved it more than the emotions I felt at the concert. I was moved by crying, laughing, and being moved
10,It was a great and great drama final episode. It's so touching to see you, Jang Minho. It was a time to see Minho, who has great music and is very humane.
10,#Jang Minho #The final episode of the drama was touching and happy    MINO, if you laugh and cry together, we'll never forget the time we cry together  Don't let go of your hands like Yeonriji Tree. Let's stay together forever  Thanks to you, I'm living a happy life  Minho, always be healthy and happy I love you.
10,It's been 25 years since Minho had a solo concert. I'm so touched. I'm sad to think about how hard it must have been to spend so many years of unknown time. I cried while listening to Sabu song. Always walk on flowery paths from now on. Today's wave of emotion seems to be lingering for a long time.  Minho's charming voice. I always love you. I got your back.
10,It's so touching. Thanks to Jang Minho, I had a great day.Thank you and thank you.
10,
10,The final episode of the drama is amazing
10,It was so touching to watch the movie again even after going to the final episode 4 of Jang Minho's dramaI was so happy to be able to recall the concert hall memories Thank you, Minho. Thank you
10,I cried and laughed. Life movies like dramas, songs, and fun. It was a happy time
10,Why was he unknown for 20 years? A star who should have been known is now shining Each and every unknown song is high quality, and Yeonri-ji-man says, The fact that a trot singer can be so sophisticated as well as a recent song is just a gentleman's qualityThe interview in between makes me feel more human The final episode of Jang Minho's drama is the best ~
10,The emotions of the concert will be shown on the screen. Double the joy, double the tears!
10,Jang Minho's sentimental voice.Directing, music, and moving parts were all great I was sad that time went by so quickly I missed you more~~^^ It was the best
10,He sings well, dances well, and has great stage manners. Everything is more drowsy
10,
10,It's different from the concertThe preparation process and interviews... It was such a happy time
10,The content and the video were good, too
10,It was nice to see each expression on the big screen. It was a time where I was moved by the song and honest talk Time went by so quickly I'm planning on going back to being touched
10,It's a healing gift set with happiness, laughter, touching moments, and joy. It still lingers in my heart Today's drama will be remembered as a beautiful memory for a long time. I'll always be with you, Minho. I love you
10,
10,When I watched the final episode of Jang Minho's drama, CGV movie, I was able to feel more moved by the big screenIt was a good time to feel the emotions of our solo concert againI was so touched because I was able to feel Mino's emotions againI'm going to watch it again tomorrow
10,I went to a concert at the site Two hours of video that was shortened by 40 minutes. In a way, it only contains the best part! It is not just a concert documentary of any trot singer, but I recommend you to watch it regardless of generation without prejudice because it has heartwarming warmth, tears, and emotionIt is also up to the audience to be confused whether the main job of an artist named Jang Min-ho is a singer or an actor. I hope it will be like a gift to me
10,It was a different music video from Jang Minho's drama concert. I liked itI was so happy to see Minho that I didn't feel at the concert Drama 2, see you at the concert
10,I felt the emotions of the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama. I'm satisfied with the feeling of a concert
10,I watched it at the concert, but I enjoyed it as if I was watching it right in front of me
10,It's touching and make sure to watch the sound!
10,
10,I was able to be touched differently from the concert, and I think it was a great luck in life to get to know a singer named Minho Jang  I want to go watch the final episode of Jang Minho's drama
10,I watched and listened to the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama I'm so touched. I'm going to watch it again tomorrow
10,While watching the final episode of Jang Minho drama, I was able to see the inside of Jang Minho, a singer who is rare in the generation, and with his singing ability and visual entertainment, the movie was perfect with his facial expressions and acting
10,I loved the concert, the editing of another touching story, and MINO's honest interview
10,It was so nice to be able to feel the emotions of the concert. The song is touching, the comments are touching, and the dance is perfect. It's more touching than any other movie
10,Literally, a drama!  His life is simply a drama! A wide-ranging drama!
10,It was good to see you sing with deep emotions with your heart full of the screen, taking out the touching moments you felt at the concert again.It's a magical time where we sympathize, are moved, are moved, and are eagerly waiting for the drama season 2. I'm so into the song that it feels like 2 hours is short
10,It was frustrating because it looked so small at the concert, but it was so nice to see it up close
10,It was so touching to see the final episode of the drama at the concert and the movie theaterIt's even more touching to see cool Minho
10,
10,Since you're an idol, your dance line is amazing. You've been singing for a long time, so your voice resonates deeplyI was touched throughout the movieIt's a movie I want to watch again
10,I was so touched. I laughed, clapped my hands and enjoyed the concert
10,
10,
10,
10,The concert was so touching and I lost track of time
10,It's different from the concert. I'm tearing up. Take a look Watch it twice You'll keep watching
10,
10,
10,It was so sad that the encore concert for the drama was canceled, but I was so touched that I was able to watch it at the theater I was able to see Minho's face in a big way, so I opened my eyes I think I'll be able to have a good year with good energy Make sure to watch "Gamdonggamdong♡
10,
10,He's more like an actor than Jang Minho. He's the best singer and a great movie actor
10,I could feel the sincerity and passion of Jang Min HoIf you watch a movie that's full of sincerity, you'll want to see more. Minho's shining appearance makes your eyes happyI will continue to support your bright future. I have a good feeling
10,Looking at the final episode of Jang Minho's concert drama, I saw Minho's performance that I didn't see closely at the concert. His singing skills were the best  I thought you'd show us that there's no right answer for the new songIt's a great movie. It's so touching
10,I was touched by the actual concertI cried and laughed along with MINO. It was such a happy time
10,It felt like I was watching the concert again. The sound was good, so it was nice to listen to Jang Minho's deep voice.
10,I knew that Jang Min-ho was a good singer, but it's been a long time since I saw a movie where he sings well, dances well, and speaks with sincerity.
10,The expressions and dance lines that you couldn't see at the concert. Everything was touching
10,The story of Jang Minho's drama music video was touching
10,It's so nice to see Mino on the screen ^^ I'm so touched by the last drama concert ♡ I'll cheer for you while waiting for the drama 2^^ Your new essay will be a big hit, too
10,
10,It was a healing day because it was so touching and fun.
10,MINO's drama, "My eyes and ears are happy, it's touching, it was so much fun Minho, who always does his best, always walk on flowery paths
10,Although I have watched numerous documentary films and listened to popular songs, the final episode of Jang Min-ho's drama was in another sense, the composition and storytelling of music and life brought fun, laughter, and touching and tears.Jang Min-ho, the main character of the movie who wanted to communicate with fans with good songs during his 25-year career, will be a sign or role model for his attitude and spirit as a musician.It seems that the public gets comfort and hope through the screen and through his music world because he is a singer who has walked on the right life management without pandering to popularity or the times.We moved the impression of the concert to the screen, but please come to the world of movies where there are plenty of things to see and enjoy, not just copying, but switching to a new genre and behind-the-scenes of the concert.I look forward to the drama coming back with joy, comfort, and emotion to everyone who loves music and supports Jang Min-ho as a new season.
10,Even though I watched the solo concert, I was moved to see some of the concert scenes again in the movie.Since it was a movie, it was good to see various facial expressions through close-up shot of Jang Min-ho.It was even more impressive to hear the unrivaled singing voice of the movie theater. Singing, dancing, and story. Performance on stage. Gestures, facial expressions, dandy charms, anything. You're the only singer who can do anything. [Jang Minho's drama final episode]I strongly recommend it
10,What's not pretty? It's really pleasing to the eyes and earsIt's one of the masterpieces that I want to see, listen to, listen to, listen to, and heal. And sincerity toward personality and side is unrivaledI strongly recommend it to everyone
10,The final episode of "THE MOVIE CONCERT" is touching and fun. I want to watch it again and again and again
10,
10,I'm touched by the final episode of the concert movie drama where you can feel the concert with all your heart and soul
10,It is a movie that is deeply moved by the sincerity and outstanding singing of Jang Min-ho, who is enduring the difficult path of an artist and blooming. I strongly recommend it!
10,It was a drama that touched my heart even more than any other movie
10,All the songs are touching.
10,I watched the concert, but the final episode of Minho's drama on a big screen was another touching one~~
10,I was touched by what I felt at the concert.I'm really into Mino's infinite emotions^^
10,Mino, you've endured all those years with patience and perseverance and came to this time.The final episode of the drama is hard, so it's late, but I feel like I'm getting rewarded with a new life of reversal.I cried while watching it, laughed, and it touched my heart.We'll be on Minho's side and be with him.You have to take good care of your health since you're still active.That's how we can have a lot of fun with Mint.I wish you good health and happy wings and everything will be a big hit.
10,
10,
10,Touching healing fun. Eye-pleasing^^
10,
10,YH: The live performance was the best, the completion was the best. DH: It's a good movie to watch
10,Jang Minho, the last episode of JANG MlNHO's drama, The Movie. Minho's life itself is like Jang Minho's senior I hope my one pick is forever I pray
10,It's so touching and touching. It's embarrassing
10,The Best Singer's Touching Stage
10,It's been 25 years since I had a solo concert under the name of Jang Minho, so I was deeply moved. I was immersed in the emotional voice and I cried a little bit in the Sabu song  It's been 2 hours with sincere performances and songs, so I'm going to end with an encore song
10,
10,The story and video skills to know more about Jang Min Ho were well-organized
10,Even though I watched the concert, the taste of watching the movie was new. It was the best~Moved by the body~
10,
10,It's fun and touchingI was happy the whole time
10,It felt like the final episode of Jang Minho's drama, the movie, and the concert. It was a great and happy time
10,I was sad that I couldn't go to the concert, but it was great to see you like this. The song is good!
10,The singer's singing, dancing, and moving story. I loved the touching and coolness of the movie
10,The resolution is so good and the story and composition are so good
10,I felt like I was watching the first row of the concert, which failed to picket. It was a touching time where I could feel the warmth and sincerity of Jang Minho's song
10,I thought I saw everything at the concert, but it wasn't. In the movie, I could see and feel even the smallest details, so I could feel closer!
10,I watched the final concert of the drama twice, and the movie of the drama was another fun and interesting, and it was touching to see Minho on the big screen
10,
10,I can't help but cry. I want to give Minho a round of applause, saying he's done a great job
10,I was so happy that I was able to feel the emotions of the last concert
10,I was so sad that I couldn't go to the final concert of Jang Min Ho's drama, but I was happy to see him on the screen. Mino's singing, facial expressions, gestures, and interviews were great. I'm going to go feel that emotion tomorrow.
10,
10,It's just touching?The moment I watch it, it's literally a drama
10,I was curious because I couldn't go to the concert, but it's nice to see you on screen. Your singing skills are the best
10,The interview with MINO, the best drama that reminds me of the concert, is also touching
10,
10,It was so touching and it felt like I was watching an actual concert. It was so nice
10,
10,
10,Watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama was touching The more I saw the perfect all-around entertainer, the more I fell in love with him!
10,I've seen the concert seven times, but seeing it on the big screen, there's something else that touches me. I want to see it again and again, and listen to it, but the song is touching. Minho who meets on the screen gives me a completely different impression
10,
10,I really liked the final episode of another touching drama on the screen
10,I tried to capture the impression of the 15th actual concert in one movie Of course, it is different from the concert at the concert hall, but it has interviews, so the special and organized sound is better and you can see the singer's face very big I miss you every single day of the week. This is a great and thankful thing and a great memory for the fandom
10,Jang Minho's charm is well expressed and the best drama that fits perfectly with the movie title
10,
10,The movie that will shine in 2022 is a healing movie that makes your eyes and ears happy and touching. It was a movie full of great songs and stages that resonated with the video. It was like watching a concert in person Jang Minho's beauty, which I strongly recommend to watch again and again, is a bonus. ^^
10,It was so touchingI was able to work on the details, too
10,
10,I couldn't take my eyes off it It's the best.
10,It's more touching than I imagined. Jang Minho is the best
10,It's about the emotions of the concert. Singer Jang Minho's honest story, the concert, the excitement, laughter, emotion, and tears. The final episode of the drama will be aired tomorrow
10,I'm so touched. There's something else  I got closer to the song and each expression made my heart tear up  I respect MINO's sincere comment
10,I watched the concert five times, and I can feel the emotion of that time. My best singer, Jang Minho. I respect you and love you
10,I watched the concert live, but it's even more touching to see you singing with your sincere expression as if you're watching it closely~^^
10,It's exactly the same as the concert. It's already over after listening to a lot of good songs and being amazed by their cool performances. I held back the applause and held my hand tightly.  I'll be rooting for you and waiting for you to resolve this disappointment at the next season's concert.
10,The best movie to shine in 2022. A movie that captures both emotions and fun. It won the Grand Prize at the Mint Film Festival and will remain in the future. I highly recommend it. Christopher, if you were surprised, the director praised you and said, "I love you, Jang Minho." They said Jang Minho.
10,I watched the final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama during the day, but I'm still touched I think I'll be stuck in my head all night
10,It was so nice to see the concert through a movieHe's also a national singer
10,I'm so touched as much as I'm watching the concert
10,The touching moment that I received at the concert! The happy mint time! I strongly recommend the "final episode of the drama" with excitement, laughter, tears, and happiness. ♡ Thank you for allowing me to feel the happy time again♡♡
10,The final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama is the most touching movie I've ever seen I shouldn't take a look I miss you more
10,I couldn't take my eyes off from the beginning to the endI was really impressed.
10,I liked all the touching stories, fancy concert videos, and songs.
10,
10,The excitement of the concert! You need to see good things on the big screen
10,The movie is as touching as the concert If you haven't seen it, make sure to go see it
10,It was so touching while watching the final episode of Jang Minho's drama I think I'll be happy for a few days
10,I was moved and had fun at the same time.
10,
10,I want to watch the final episode of Jang Minho's drama and the lingering feeling of the concert
10,
10,
10,Those who watched the concert and those who didn't can watch it as if they were watching the concert
10,Someone said, You'll get some music on your face. You're absolutely right.Even though you're dancing and singing, how can you sing well without showing any signs of difficulty?Looking at that, I realize how hard the singer is.I'm glad I watched a movie. I could feel your passion and sincerity on the big screen.It makes me look forward to the second part of Jang Minho's
10,Jang Minho's drama, the final episode. It's a happy day for my eyes and ears
10,She's a great singer who brought back the excitement of the concert
10,I was so happy that I could feel the impression that I received at the concert through the movie
10,Jang Minho's dance, singing skills, stage manners, and touching moments are more attractive
10,The touching song video and honest interview touched my heart
10,Jang Minho's final episode of "Luxury Voice" and great stage manners.Performance and stage production were all the best
10,Thanks to Minho... My eyes and ears are so happy. ♡ Thank you and thank you I love you ♡
10,The final episode of Jang Min Ho's drama will be a hit. It was a touching time. It was a fantastic time with high quality I'll keep it in my memory forever. I respect you, Jang Minho, the star of the brilliant stars I'll always be on your side and support you. Stay healthy Be happy. I love you
10,I'm sure I saw the concert, but I can see Jang Min-ho's feelings on the big screen that I didn't see at the time.I can feel the sincerity of Jang Minho trying to do his best in every moment of his solo concert.I can see why people call me Jang Minho.I think that's why I like Jang Minho.
10,Thank you for making such a touching drama.^^ Jang Minho is the best ♡.♡
10,He's a trot singer, and I was moved by various genres of songs and it was also touching to see that he prepared a lot for the concert.The concert was made into a movie and I watched it on the big screen again. The video was clean and I really liked the appearance of my singer who is more handsome than the actor
10,It's more than a concert~~~♡♡♡
10,
10,He's so good at singing and he's so cool
10,It's different from the concert We were able to see the true side of human Jang Minho
10,He tried his best in various genres with his visuals like actors, and it was a time to confirm that he was a true celebrity by sincerely expressing his emotions, happiness, sadness, and desperation through singing I was touched differently from the concert   I think I'll be on the side forever
10,You can feel the excitement of the concert once again. The movie is fun and touching
10,It's been 25 years since your last drama concertEntertainer with talent and emotions. I'm rooting for your sad voice
10,
10,It's different from the concertI can see you up close on the big screen and the sound is great. Thank you for making this movie
10,It was different from the concert I couldn't see Mino's small face even though I was in VIP seats, but it was a wonderful time because I could see it clearly on the screen
10,
10,Jang Minho, who never gives up and goes forward, I'm so touched I'm rooting for your charming, emotional voice and considerate story
10,I was happy to feel the excitement of the continuous concert.
10,
10,I was so touched after watching the final episode of the drama  MINO is the best
10,It was nice to see a great performance at the concert at the movie theater.  The singer's sincere words and sad songs made me cry.  It was so touching  I want to see it again
10,
10,It's a great movie to know about Jang Minho
10,The touching moments. I remember the concert set again concert
10,I really liked Jang Minho's drama concert. It was like a dream to watch a movie I am happy.
10,
10,It was a time where I learned a lot after watching Jang Minho's final episode music videoDirecting, acting, story, and video were organized, and the story became an opportunity to look back on myself by peeking into one's life  Through a star named Jang Minho, he became the main character of the drama through honest baby song  The video was clear, varied, calm, and perfect for the live story Through the drama called Jang Minho's Life, what he wanted to say to us was touching and moving deep inside. I sincerely want to give you the best praise  Jang Minho, you did a great job  Jang Minho, who doesn't betray his loyalty and knows how thankful he is for being with us in times of need, so I think this star shines even more I hope you will fly as fast as you can Jang Minho, fighting!
10,It's so touching that I'm going to see it again tomorrow
10,The final episode of the drama is touching
10,I've seen the concert every time, but it's very different. I'm so touched
10,
10,I watched the movie feeling moved, joy and happiness It's so touching
10,It's an extension of the concert with the overall frame. Thank you to the singer who works hard on the big screen. I'm touched
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret the final episode. Jang Minho's drama with lots of charms. And our drama. Go and enjoy it with a comfortable mind Today's ongoing drama, Jang Minho's drama! Enjoy it! ^^
10,He's so handsome, he's so handsome, he's so sentimental, he's so touching^^
10,It was different from the concert  I'm going to see you again tomorrow
10,I was so into itIt was a drama where I laughed, clapped, and cried all the time. It was healing and touching  I really want to recommend this movie I realized once again that the resonance that music gives to people is amazing Thank you.
10,I'm touched by his sculptural appearance and rich singing skills. It's a waste to be a ♡♡ singer.I hope to see you in dramas and movies.Mino, you know my name, right? I cry when you call me. Mino is the best
10,It was a close-up camera, so I watched all of your tearsThe smell was so good that my ears and eyes were so happyThe seats were comfortable and niceIt was touching
10,It's different from the concertI'm waiting for Mino's next concert
10,It's different from the concert. In particular, the scene where the mugwort head was sung was an exquisite combination of the video and the song, and it felt like watching an ink painting.
10,It was good to feel that the passion, emotion, and sincerity of the first concert held in 25 years were high.It was a stage where great dance moves and mournful voices shine more.
10,It was even more touching to see the details of Jang Minho's drama's final concert
10,The sound is good, the planning is good. It's so good I'm so touched
10,The real fans only watched the final episode of Jang Min Ho's concert once and it wasn't enoughI want to see you twice in a row and see you again That's what I thought
10,I was touched by the song. I want to see you again.
10,I was touched by the final episode of the drama
10,Thank you for the great movie
10,It's so touching and the live performance makes me feel like I'm at the concert againJang Minho, you're so cool
10,It's so touching.
10,
10,
10,I felt like I was watching a concert
10,Jang Minho's first solo concert drama. It's a bit different from when I watched it at the concert I could see Mino's facial expressions and delicate movements in detail, so I was able to empathize better and tears came out that I couldn't even do at the concert  It's a movie that I should keep forever
10,The final episode of the drama concert can't be better than this. It's so touching
10,It was different from what I felt at the concert and it was touching It was a movie that lacked all the appeal, including appearance, singing, and singing It's a movie that I want to watch again It's so touching
10,Jang Minho, who I met on the big screen, was so touching It's the best.
10,It was so nice to see detailed facial expressions while singing The best singer here
10,
10,It's fun and touching
10,It was so much fun! I was really happy that there were a lot of songs that I knew I barely got permission from my mom to watch it~~
1,My heart to give 11 points ㅠㅠ
