아이 엠 샘
6,The colors in Lucy's painting.
1,It's been a while since Rain Man came out.
6,A movie that was a bit boring and obvious. Usually, it would have been nice if the drama genre's obvious happy ending story was different
1,The mid-eight is the proper score
1,He drops a zero-point bomb to spit phlegm at the atrocities of the low and ignorant part-timers, who unconditionally point and criticize them for having different ideas without basic common sense about diversityLOL, you mentally retarded son of Sam. You're embarrassed
6,Typical Hollywood Stories and Directings
5,5.6 (10 character limit)
6,The movie itself is fine, but it wasn't very touching.
5,The original drama of Room 7
1,To be honest, it's boring and boring
1,That's not funny. Ghana Ramaba
3,As a high school student, I don't feel that much. Sean Penn has really annoyed me, and I think his acting skills are excellent I've been recommending it here and there, and it's a waste of time, and it's a subjective evaluation, so you can do whatever you want I can say I don't like this movie either
4,I think this kind of movie will come out forever
5,an elusive film
5,I'm sick and tired of this story at the time.
2,I expected too much. rating adjustment
1,For fun watching Dakota Fanning
1,Rating adjustment
5,Not good.
6,be surprisingly unrealistic and plain
5,Only the child is cute and boring... But all the actors are good at acting, so 5 points
4,It's good to see the disabled Five Musketeers. I'm so touched
1,Foot
1,It's funny
6,I liked the cuteness of Dakota Fanning, but I felt that the development of the movie was unrealistic and forced.
1,Are you kidding me? It's one of the boring and sleepy movies I've seen in my life.What kind of movie is this?I was yawning the whole time.
1,I saw it because it was a masterpiece. Where am I supposed to cry? Nam Joo's acting is good, but why is it so boring?
1,When I was young, I remember it was very sad, but now that I look at it, it's not sad, but it's very boring...
3,I found an old movie and I saw it with my mom at dawn because she said the rating was good. It's not fun ㅠㅠ
4,It's so touching
1,It was perfect 10 years ago, but it's boring to see it again. I'm old. ㅠㅠ
4,The camera walking was dizzy, so personally, it was okay...
1,I feel sorry for Lucy. I'm just bored with the movie is so boring
1,Seven-year-old intelligence to have her own daughter is ridiculous, and it's impossible to get involved with a prostitute
5,I looked at the rating and it was strangely unimpressed and boring. Sam's so frustrated. Am I weird?
1,The only thing to watch is Fanning's cuteness and Sean Penn's acting skills.
6,If it weren't for Sean Penn and Dakota Fanning, it would have been a good movie
6,Except for Sean Penn's performance, it's more of a non-normal production
6,I don't like the story structure or the development...Modern Fanning was really cute.
4,What's so touching about this? The rating is really high. by the way;
5,↓ You are also a lover. I don't know how to respect a few different opinions.
6,It's fun even if it's frustrating
1,It's the best trash movie ever.He's annoyed from the start. He's rambling.I'm annoyed until the end.Money, time is a waste
6,It's so touching.
1,I'm sorry, but the only movie I slept in the theater
2,an obnoxious movie that forced a move
1,I don't understand why this movie is in the 9-point range. The only movie that was Bolger Sean Penn's acting.a waste of time
6,Unfamiliar discomfort can be more touching than obvious happy ending.
1,..Am I weird? I don't think it's a masterpiece, but why is the rating so high? -_-;
1,I really cried. I'm so touched. I gave you half a star.
1,I'm sorry, but I don't know where it's sad. All I can think of is great acting skills.
5,I can't be this bored...
6,It's clear who's a fool.
1,Blood is thicker than water.Human beings blame their parents when they are unhappy and struggling. Humanity ends 2012
1,"The Beatles" music saved the movie.Are you touched that the disabled are you?
6,If you focus on "relationship" and "psychology," you can see why the two main characters are great actors.
1,Aren't you just a fool?
4,A movie that pushes only with 'goodness' is boring! Fanning's dexterity was ahead of Sean Penn.
4,It's not sad at all. It's boring. Nothing to see but Sean Penn's acting
2,I was bored out of my mind
4,It depends on the person, but how do you feel with your 6th grader son?Stop in the middle...I did it. I looked at the score and...
5,I really don't understand where you cried. I don't know why I'm not sad at all. It's not a sad movie
1,Am I emotionally dry?-- I don't think it's in the 9 point range.
5,It was just so-so. I thought I was going to cry a lot. I didn't even have tears in my eyes.
6,A heartwarming daughter...But what if it wasn't panning? lol
6,Why are there so many BPLs? Starbucks Pizza Hut 7-Eleven.I filmed a commercial movie
6,stop looking at
4,Why am I so out of focus...
6,I don't know if it's touching, but it's not boring, it's exciting, so it's worth watching.
1,I don't know what's sad. This boring movie? How is life on the same level as beautiful?
4,Strangely, it didn't really hit me. I just...
6,Acting is very sentimental. It's not like kids are doing this to adults
6,It's touching, but I don't know if a 7-year-old father will be able to raise him or not
1,If you look at the content, you can guess whether it's the middle or the ending
1,Giroud
6,Maybe it's because my emotions are dry, but I'm not that touched. It felt like watching a court drama ^-^;;
6,&lt;Is the intelligence of parents so important in raising children? &gt
1,Not really? There are more touching movies than this...
1,It's really boring... This kind of movie doesn't suit me.I'm not sad at all
2,What a waste of Beatles songs.
4,Sean Penn's acting is the best.But the movie is boring...
5,The Beatles are great.
3,It was a bit stuffy and boring because it was a legal drama.
2,I'm short of suction.Boring. I was tricked by the rating.
1,The rating is too high.
6,Sean Penn and Dakota Fanning acting is the best, but it wasn't sad
1,It's not sad.
3,It wasn't something to watch in a video room. It could have been okay if I watched it alone...
5,Well, it was shabby compared to other Sean Penn works
5, a horst.
6,I get bored easily even though I'm moving.
6,Love comes from the heart. It has nothing to do with intelligence.
6,calm and boring touching, artificial tears
1,Artificial emotion never touches the heart
5,I'm bored... -_-
6,The end of the boring movie is touching
6,The acting was good, but the first movie that made me doze off while watching the movie
1,I'm in a good mood and I've ever had
5,Except for the two actors' acting, it was a really boring and sleepy movie
1,Boredom is one step ahead of tears--,
2,It's like the crowd's psychology has gone up a lot of course.No more forced tears;;
1,There is no attraction to immerse the audience.
6,Takoda Fanning's acting is burdensome.
1,I watched it on DVD in the library.I was really sleepy --;ㅡㅡ;
1,Is my feelings dry?
3,a disappointed movie
3,나는 SOHT!
5,Tears were taken away, but boredom was indescribable.
6,I can't get over the love between a stupid father and his poor daughter anymore.
2,I was crying. But it was boring
3,Honestly, disappointed...
4,Touching but forced to use disabled people
1,Seriously! Mo was sad and the story was boring, so I slept five times more than this!
3,I slept while watching the movie -_-
1,To be honest, I was a little bored-,-ㅡ,ㅡ
1,It was really boring and boring--ㅡㅡ
1,The plot of the movie was so complicated that I felt dizzy
1,The whole thing was far-fetched. I guess the others were moved
2,Why is it not sad at all? Phew... I watched it because I wanted to cry
1,루시는 다이아몬드와 함께 하늘에 있다.
1,I wish I had tears in my eyes. OO.
1,I wanted tears like a dead poet's society.fall short of expectations
2,Maybe it's because I forced myself to watch it at school...I don't like it
1,an emotionally impassive piece of work
6,I didn't live up to my expectations either!
4,Please be touched! It's a movie, but it's not enough.Boring after all.
6,Oh, it's frustrating.
5,Both the cliché of the story and the poor performance of the production can be covered by acting.
4,The movie child who couldn't solve the conclusion seems too smart
6,Heart moving...Something warm...But I don't like it.--;;;ㅡㅡ;;;
5,I guess I'm too cold.
5,It's not even touching. It just starts with a court and ends in vain.
4,It's just that boring thing that makes you sleepy.
6,A Special Story of a Disabled Father and a Smart Daughter
6,I don't know what's funny.
5,the director's displeased gaze
5,I agree with your acting, but what makes you sad?
5,It was fun, but I don't want to watch it again
1,I was so bored. I yawned so much that I cried
4,Not really...................................
3,There's nothing to watch except Sean Penn's acting
1,Not really... I strongly recommend acting!
6,Takoda Fanning is cute, but the movie itself is maggot...
6,Did I expect too much? But...
6,It seemed a little long, but it was a beautiful story.
5,It's not as good as I thought.
2,A typical example of Hollywood sentiments.What a waste of Sean Penn's acting skills
6,Subtle touching, Sean Penn and cute Fanning's acting
1,It's kind of normal
1,a movie worth watching
1,That's a lot of smoke
2,Boring Touch-Finding
6,I wasn't impressed, but I got a high score in the discovery of Sean Penn and Dakota Fanning
6,It was sad but no tears came out...
3,Not really. There are so many movie elements.
1,Climbing Clothes Master Stianfa
1,Why did I watch it?
5,I'm honestly not funny, I'm just sleepy.
1,Impression is a neoliberal representation piled up in the wrapper Disgusting - T-
6,Sean Penn was a good movie, but it wasn't a very well-organized movie.
6,It's a popular new drama, but the music is good.
1,I was annoyed when my father did everything -_-
1,I don't want to see anything except the main character.
6,A movie that forces you to cry after making a scene
4,an unsophisticated story a vague impression But a cute little boy
1,The sad thing about this movie is that my father is disabled? An only daughter? I'm not so sad!
5,With such a great actor and plot, this kind of movie...I'm at a loss
6,Sean Penn's performance was excellent, but he didn't cry his heart out.;
5,I didn't cry
6,It's not realistic.
5,It's just...;;;
1,It's touching
6,A touching but obvious melodrama.
5,Maybe it's because I expected too much from the rating
1,I thought I was going to die more bored than in the movie theater
5,I think I acted really well and I'm touchedㅠ_ㅠb
3,Personally, I'm a movie buff, but... This is a children's movie.
5,Other than acting, I can't feel emotions and fun.
5,It's just worth watching.
5,I'm so touched. I couldn't even cry
1,It's really sad
