1987
6,I am a conservative right-wing who shakes his teeth at the Moon disaster and I think there are both departments and errors in the Chun Doo-hwan regime, but after seeing 1987, I understood people who had no choice but to shake their teeth at Chun Doo-hwan. On the other hand, however, it is a practice that has been practiced before to torture police evidence or other criminals, and Chun Doo-hwan deserves to be punished for mobilizing the military to fire tear gas. However, I wonder how much Kim Dae Jung received from North Korea and was surprised to see Yoo Hae-jin being under Kim Il-sung.
1,Phew, I hope this kind of movie doesn't come out anymore. Now that I know who the campaign is, I really get goosebumps.What kind of documents were they secretly put in jail? I think I know why
2,What has become of the country by glorifying the right to campaign? 586 people are now a dog car class. All labor is money. This movie is embarrassing
1,There is only one political color in this country's film. Stop stirring up
1,a film that turns the word "destruction" into evila typical Korean-style political film
6,Cho Woo-jin's acting was amazing, but the reason why he didn't give a perfect score was that the progressive forces used that noble sacrifice to adapt it to their tastes.
1,Left-wing red movie, kid
2,
3,Activists are not red.But the red is an activist. The 1987 uprising was a victory made by the people, not a victory for the movement. Don't glorify the campaign. There are no members of the then well-meaning movement in the current government's political leadership
3,Gasoroum, where the ggundae are solemn among themselves, moved by themselves, and bowed among themselves. 1987 is just the result of the Korean middle class' desire for a more reasonable system of economic power, not because you are doing well.Leave her alone!
1,Isn't this more dictatorship than 1987?
2,It's kind of like a pussycat for the pussycats. The movie was made with the nuance that "The Sixth Republic was created by the holy sacrifice of our generation, so Lee Dae-nam, you should take care of yourself. Each individual is extremely glorified to an adult level.It's disgusting to see that the eight-year-old actors who voluntarily appeared in cameos were being taken to MeToo one after another, apart from the military regime being OOO
1,Super-luxury fly swarming with lefties knowing they're making money!
2,A glorification beyond the typical current 586 generation of vested interests, they glorify their symbols and maintain power.
2,It's like a gift set for actors who want to look fancy without acting
1,Is it worth living in Korea now created by leftist agitators?
4,Kim Yunseok is the best actor. He's leaning toward a movie that resembles political colors
1,I don't like this kind of coercion. Is left-wing thinking, by definition, coercive? How dare you disagree with them and break the taboo? It is human to act with free will and take responsibility for the results, but now the left is an absolute good, unconditional justice, and even a little curious about it, they think as if they violated the taboo.However, justice is only in movies and cartoons, but it doesn't really exist, but it just changes to your taste depending on your situation, and a good person to me can be a bad thing to someone. There will be good victims, but there will be those who were punished for their real pro-North Korean activities. I think something we don't know would have been tangled up in those situations. So I think it's really foolish to think that everything is just justice in the extreme. What if the things I believed and followed were false? It is important to catch yourself in that chaos.
1,It's fake. It's fake
1,The movie begins with a focus on Park Jong-chul, who was victimized by the military regime. The lives of the victims are sad and democratization is precious, but even thugs like Rhyu Si-min, who kidnapped and tortured brutal violence (which was excluded from school by considering it as a frakchi), are still glorified and spread like lions of justice.
2,It's not fun. It's fun.
6,The conservative right is definitely bad and it's just a liberal left-wing glorification movie
5,10 points for meaning, 0 points for fun, 5 points for total
2,
2,Even if the Reds get in...
1,Seeing the left-handed movies still work, it's overflowing with pigs. As NLs who were demonstrating under North Korean orders without studying while attending school, are dominating the country, it's amazing
1,Red Thought Film Made by Reds
2,Director Jang, I was a freshman in college when Park Tong was killed.I went to school for 4 years in a few months. I have a dead colleague, but the movie scene is uncomfortable because there are so many fictions.There was torture, but there was no violence revealed by the regime's self-consciousness.Funny how they tried to operate under the system and regulations.I don't think things of this historical period should be contaminated for the sake of box office success.
1,What about the humans who lived a heart-beating life? The pro-North Korean lefties have become trash! I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
1,Korea's Yeongho is a chronic soft drink
2,The level of campaigning rights glorified movie trash
1,Why is the review so good? It's boring than a free movie, so I deleted it after watching it. I really like the actors, but I really hope you stop watching this dog-like movie about May 18.
1,Kang Dong Won was the main character. I only remember Kang Dong Won and Kim Tae Ri.
2,It's a true story, but it's so weird
2,Followers of Park Jong Chul and Kim Il Sung
1,Typical left wing movie that shows distorted history as it is... A movie that makes a bad guy a bad guy when a mindless person watches it... The truth is beyond... Pathetic.
1,If you choose between a bad democracy and a good dictatorship, I will choose a good dictatorship... Let's get it together, uncivilized Koreans...--ㅡㅡ
1,Why is there no citizens demonstrating the COVID-19 dictatorship? He's so nice. Is the current quarantine rules correct? I don't know what the criteria are
1,The best way to incite is to tell the truth and lies mixed together
1,Gwangju is another riot
2,I think it's an obvious political movie
1,Isn't that disgusting?
1,a red movie made by the director of Red
2,586 Motion Picture in Red
1,Let's stop making left-wing movies!
2,You're playing politics with movies. What's the difference between Jeon Doo-hwan and ㅈㅈㅈ?
1,History distortion of the red demagogues
1,Are all the part-timers here? Why is the rating so high?
2,It's a very well-made government-promotional film made at the beginning of the Moon Sin-in administration. The conclusion is that the left-wing right-wing Ilbe Jjangkae of Hell Joseon is just trying to take power and destroy it
1,I thought that was right at the time. I thought the military dictatorship suppressed the civilian population and suppressed the civilian population with a red flag to maintain the dictatorship. Looking back over the years, oppression and incitement were not led by the government, but by the National University of Korea and its affiliated student organizations and associations. At that time, he used to verbally abuse and beat his fellow activists because he did not hide his wanted schoolmates by calling them dogs if they did not sympathize with their ideas, and in severe cases, he was close to torture in club rooms and warehouses. Now that that generation of activists are in power, how many people can properly explain what is different from the regime they called dictatorship? Do they not know that the current situation of human soldiers, who hated vested interests and cried for freedom with their whole bodies, is remarkably far from the freedom they claimed?  As I live in the present era after going through that era, I feel a lot of disappointment again after watching the movie. It also curses myself from the past in the movement and rebukes me as a young man who sympathized with the idea.  I hope that young people living in the present era will not fall for the low propaganda that appeals to the wrong ideology and emotions and become who they are now. The focus of the movie is on torture, and all the media paid attention to it (including him) at the time, but now that I see it, I wonder why I was tortured and didn't think about it at the time. I hope that everyone will soon notice how sick the main idea, its contradictory ideology, and propaganda drive are. The military dictatorship of the 5th Republic ended with the support of the entire society that joined the necktie unit, but as of 2021, the Republic of Korea is taking a step closer to communism as they want.
2,They've forced ordinary students to study, disrupt classes, protest on the streets, get tear gas, kidnap, torture people, torture them, torture their classmates, torture federal students, and so on Crying irony and cognitive dissonance-inflicted injectionist glorification film Disgusting, a left-wing film that doesn't accept the existence of this country because there have been people who have done all the dirty work, cursed, and criticized
1,The rating is too high I think the beginning of 8 points is appropriate.
6,Although it is said to be a creation based on the history of democratization, the character Yeon-hee did not seem to need much. Rather, it seemed to get in the way of getting in.  Other roles were well expressed and good.
1,Dictatorship is bad, but incitement
1,Left-leaning movie. And Seol Kyung-gu is the same no matter what movie he films.
2,I made good actors into people's actors.
1,No fun, no touching. Why is this 9 points?
1,A red-hot incendiary movie
1,the ultimate in the excesses of a new school I could've made it more calm, but I was desperate to squeeze it, and in the process, I gave it a dog probability. a new school that ruins one's immersion If you stop making Korean movies, you can make it like an international market
4,It's a left-leaning movie, but I did a good job
2,The movie's intentions and acting were good, but it was not fun.
1,At this time, the activist trash became the establishment kkondae of the present, and I was a man.I respect Chun Doo Hwan after watching this movie.
1,It's not fun. Left-wing glorified movies
1,This movie shows what anti-government is that cannot distinguish between democratization and communism. President Chun Doo-hwan is democratic. He knows how to be afraid of the people
1,It's a waste of 1 point
1,I miss the education of Red. Lee Geun-an.
1,Obvious, boring, boring, boring, grape
1,Now that I live in the Moon Jae-in era, I understand why President Chun Doo-hwan made so much of the campaign trash
1,Chun Doo Hwan, hurrah! Hurrah!
1,Chun Doo Hwan, hurrah! Hurrah!
4,Kang Dongwon's acting skills never improve. He's the subject of research
2,Don't learn from movies the typical left-wing film history of the Reds turning into heroes
2,
2,The word "eco-drive"
1,It's not that big of a deal to get in the way of the military government
2,It shows the appearance of fighting against the corruption of power, highlighting the back of the political forces at that time. The story is not much different from the dozens of hero stories in a year and aims to inject political ideology. I'm sick and tired of it.
1,Isn't it too glorified?
1,You mistake movies for history. It is funny to evaluate by looking at stories made up by things that have not even lived in that era.
1,This kind of movie is so boring now
1,Typical communist red movie, 2020. Are you happy?
1,It's a rubbish left wing movie
2,No, movies are fun and there's something to learn. But isn't it too much to glorify red? How can we glorify and justify the drummers of the time who tried to swallow up the Republic of Korea...?
1,I'm captivated by the emotions of Korea
1,Please note that the movie is different from the reality
3,Military Dictatorship No Communist Dictatorship Yes 2020 It seems that the people who campaigned for democratization at this time are the Communist Dictatorship Democratic Movement
4,It's not fun at all right?
1,You're making it into a movie
2,When I went out to Jongno after demonstrating students in 1987, I remembered that I couldn't open my eyes to tear gas. The students who were overthrowing dictatorship are now progressive government.It's like a movie that divides the public opinion. It's commercial
1,I know it's a good movie, but I'm not sure if it's a well-made movie. Waste of characters is serious. Kim Yoon-seok, Ha Jung-woo, Kang Dong-won, Kim Tae-ri, Seol Kyung-gu, and Yoo Hae-jin were super luxurious, but only Kim Yoon-seok was impressive. There are no three-dimensional characters due to the childish composition centered on good and evil. Meanwhile, instead of artificially dividing the movie into two parts, I wonder what it would have been like to focus on one. The development of the second part was not likely. I expected national films such as the international market, assassination, and lawyers because of their ratings, but they are actually close to documentaries. It's okay for learning, but it's not good for fun.
6,Popular demagogues, wrong view of history and wrong sense of justice.
2,So boring. Is this a movie?
1,Oh, my.
1,It's time for the ratings to drop, so the left-wing broadcasting station plays a left-wing movie
6,People in Gyeongsang-do called me "red beautification." Is that true?
2,Left-wing movie~~~~If you don't know how to watch a movie, you don't know how scary this is, but you're going to air a movie like this in this situation? I didn't say that. Emotionally incite the pigs
1,? Actors are good at acting
6,If you don't forget that day, I want you to criticize the current administration That's the definition
2,It's not worth a trash reviewability
1,
2,
2,Is this really a movie? It's a political movie
1,Did we do a democratic movement like a movie in Gwangju in 1987?Democratic protest like a movie? Why are you pretending to be true?A false movie that is divided between good and evil!!! A demonstration with only victims who can't call the riot a riot!!!
1,10 stars who watch a fiction movie and believe it's real. Ignorant people and local people at 7 o'clock
1,Yoon Mihyang, you're not going to reflect on yourself? A movie that the fake lefties will watch and freak out
1,Ratings Manipulation Their Own Film...
2,
1,
1,No fun... I wanted to go home on the way
1,The 586 are now talking about nuclear disarmament and supporting politicians who send their children to the United States to study abroad
1,These days, the Reds are setting up, so we need to revive the Anti-Communist Room and Samcheong University of Education
1,That's too obvious. 9 points is too much.
1,I admit that the past Government were dictatorships. But the student movement, the movement of the movement, has been glorified. The people who fall into the idea of scanning waves campaign for democracy.It is said that the current regime is not a dictatorship that leftists took power, took control of prosecutors, police, broadcasting stations, and the media, broke the NIS and national security, ruined the national army, and destroyed the economy.Even though the KCTU and the KTU have loosened the media-controlled state forces and destroyed the economy, small and medium-sized enterprises, and small businesses.It doesn't enlightened.be subject to the dictatorship of the pastIt is still a dictatorship. Left-handed escape is in the order of IQ
2,A dog-piggy movie. A disgusting movie that actually instigates only emotionally, leaving behind such a spy-infested background.
1,Democracy, which the left-wing activists claimed at that time, is a democracy without the word "freedom"...The fact that they took power and tried to remove "freedom" from the Constitution is proof that the Republic of Korea is becoming a socialist country because of them...The piglets who don't know it just don't know what democracy is and wept.You're being instigated while you're being instigated.
2,I'm able to live this well thanks to someone who's red
4,Ha Jung-woo and Kim Yoon-seok started off with an interesting story, but suddenly, the main actors in the mixed-up scene. It's expressed in four letters, "Too much, too little". And the left and right sides are too beautiful It would have been nice if it was expressed as a theme of neutrality, but in many ways, it was full of disappointment and disgust.
6,The movie itself was just...I could have given you a good score if you approached me from a documentary perspective
2,I shouldn't have watched it. It's a movie about time
1,Yeah... there was a dictatorship at the time... But why didn't we talk about the fact that there were a lot of spies at the time and that the forces were starting to promote college towns and workers... In the university movement, must-read was a socialist communist book, hate the U.S. rather than North Korea, distributed propaganda materials and protested for the anti-government. It was the movement that spread socialism to innocent rural people and children in the name of agriculture, and those who felt the effect further developed and created the KTU.At that time, they thought they were justice with infinite faith, biased toward extremism like a fire moth, and some even carried out bombings.It was a necessary evil for the country to carry out what they called dictatorship in order to control forces instigated by fixed spies I think so. Those who still participated in the movement at that time would deny that they were members of socialist communism and think that youth was burned down for democracy only for the sake of news and newspapers indirectly. Those who did not know the details from what they heard around them would have thought the government's treatment was excessive and dictatorship was unilateral dictatorship. It will refute that democracy has been established because of such a process, but democracy begins with the escape of poverty.For those who are hungry right now and have to worry about tomorrow's meal, a grain of rice is more important, and democracy is difficult if food and clothing are not resolved.After the Korean War, the nation's leading industrial development and diplomacy gradually emerged from poverty, and now the full people naturally seek human rights and freedom.A country that has settled in a free market economy is gradually developing into a democratic country, and that is a natural process, but the process of the Republic of Korea in the past was not smooth.It would have been nice if it had gone through trial and error by catching the government's mistakes through protests and public opinion with pure intentions, but it was not pleasant because many of them were instigated at that time.Some people may have participated in the recent mad cow disease and candlelight protests with pure intentions, but it is undeniable that they led the violent demonstrations in various places.
2,I'm sick of emotional movies.
1,Im Jong-seok, a third-rate movie that glorifies shameless things like his country
6,The tragedy of modern history, no one's fault.At that time, anti-communism and social stability were the top priority for the nation. a tragedy for all
6,
1,Pfft. Dictatorship? Kim Jong Un and Xi Jinping are so good that they feel orgasm and they are going to kill Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan. Shout out "Kim Jong-un and Xi Jinping opposition to dictatorship." You will never be able to do itLOL
1,a political disease
2,democracy achieved through such bloodshed At that time, the right of movement became a vested interest and led the country...The reality is more dramatic and sad than the movie
1,It's so beautiful
2,I feel like I'm trying to impress.
3,It's fun. It's a problem because it's fiction. The story itself is fun
1,It is a terrible movie that shows the reality of the media and culture that even if you commit a crime in front of history, you can glorify it as if you were a victim if you instigated it with a 10-won sensibility
1,Too political to watch too extreme a one-sided movie
1,There's nothing to see except Kim Yoon Seok's acting. The cliché that wouldn't have gotten more than a million without those actors. The movie was released just after pro-North Korean activists became the ruling party. The exact size comes out. You wanted to beautify your rights even a little bit. I'm sure the actors joined in because everything worked out. The movie would have been even harder if it had been released at this point when it was revealed that campaigners were ruining the country. It's a pity for the deceased. Apart from that, I think the movie itself was not good.
1,How many times are you on the real-time charts? Spies, stop it. Isn't it too obvious?
1,It would have been touching if it weren't for my country Moon Jae In.A movie that can't be touching because it saw their duality...
6,The country is in this shape now because the kids who ran out and protested ignorantly took power instead of studyingThe Ballums
1,Yes, Gwangju is a riot
1,I watched it because the movie review YouTubers complimented me for making it so well, but I forced myself to watch it. I admit that Chun Doo-hwan is a bad guy, but it is uncomfortable to glorify the 586 movement. It's like Japan is pretending to be a victim of World War II while looking at the tomb of a firefly. The government wants to remove Kim Young-sam and Kim Dae Jung as if they had taken advantage of Chun Doo-hwan and siphoned off the younger generation and created a second security agency. Why should young people living in this era of returning to Gong 5 sympathize with and shed tears?
1,- It's definitely not fun. - That's all. ♪ Let's move on to 6 letters. ♪
1,I didn't learn anything because I was a tough guy, so I couldn't understand the movie I don't know why Auggie speaks North Korean, but he's a man of high command in Koreacrying
1,I don't understand why this movie has such a high rating First of all, Kim Tae-ri's awakening was so poor that waking up to a closed-door videotape showed how poor the students of that time were involved in the democratization movement, and I knew about him through various media, but there was nothing special about this movie, so there was not enough to see
1,The guys who used to work out like that are in power right now, and they're all messed up.
1,Kim Jong Un shouldn't have been flirting with the red-carved birds now
1,a left-handed movie
1,The 1 point I give you is 11 points, not 1 point!
2,Gwangju is a riot with guns
1,Moon Jae Ina must-see movie
1,I'm sick of it
1,This is the age of dictatorship of anti-Moon guilt, pro-Moon innocence.It's worse than Chun Doo Hwan
1,I don't want to watch a political movies
1,I hate political stuff
1,I wish I could stop watching political movies
1,It's crazy. Stop it, you guys
1,What did the Reds do well?
4,Is that why the dictatorship disappeared in 2019? Moon Jae In Your Excellency?
1,The movie that makes godmother heroes is not fun.Give me back my time.ㅜ I'm sorry
1,Now that the Democratic Party of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea is in power, is this the democracy you want so much?Aren't you ashamed of those in their 50s who went to college in the 80s?
5,Only the ball is seen as biased. The tendency of rating experts is also evident.
1,It's a waste to watch Korean movies with money
2,Without the iron-fisted rule of Chun Doo-hwan and Roh Tae-woo, it would have been handed over to the North Korean government of this country. Strong rule is a necessary evil when the country is in turmoil. Torture killing is wrong, but catching the red was a very necessary task. Without the anti-aircraft investigation team, Korea would not be here today. I feel like I'm being demonized. It's kind of uncomfortable
6,Memories that cannot be left out of modern history What did these unfortunate memories of the 1987 Social Democratic Uprising bring about? What do you mean by this movie that only empowers the 586 generation of socialist university students?
1,Won't 2019 be created because of Moon Jae Hwan? Do you want to appoint a milk soup?
1,How can Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan, who raised the beggar nation to 11th place in the world economy, be dictators? Isn't he the dictator who appoints a person who is opposed by all the people in Nagari to the post of justice minister? The people need to wake up!
1,Democracy? A movie that the people of democracy interpreted as = the people of democracy. It's disgusting. meet with a riot Do good people steal arsenal???
1,I can't give a low score to a left-wing movie because I'm being self-conscious about it
5,It seems to be looking at the present 2019. University students, please stand up again and fix the country!
1,It's just a cartoon that fits the level of a dog pig. The typical example of a red-hot demagogue movie is that all civil servants are bad and civilians are unconditionally nice. Later in history, people of this era will laugh at this movie for being instigated. The existence of this movie itself is disgusting.
6,There's a lot of things I want to talk about, I need to impress, and where should the audience focus? I'm so sad about the actor.
2,This director is trying to get away with a left-leaning incitement because there's no movie that works
1,A film for a dog pig to applaud the distortion of history
6,I really don't know, but why is Kim Yunsik speaking North Korean in the movie?
5,What kind of pro-democracy movement do you have when you quit your boring studies in college, you've been demonstrating, you've been drinking? Koreans who think it is democracy to push people to the head of the people by flirting on the streets are doing people's democratic popularism.
1,Typical demagoguery film now perfect for maintaining approval ratings in the anti-Japanese frame
1,a typical red movie
1,Yes, the next left red skate movie
6,2019 is still the same as 1987...
1,an all-out show of left-wing actors the people who sell their country to the North for emotional gain
1,A government that instigates dog pigs with a movie.
1,The lethal move that leftists bring up whenever they are at a disadvantage
2,Leftists, movie!
1,It's the same as the cadaver that the regime likes now
4,Gukppong is now a cultural commodity of extreme progress, progress is the most capitalist successful cultural product in Korea, and the truth and history of 1987 are precious. But now, I hope that the movie will be creative and not make money easily by leaning on the gukppong
6,But why aren't you revealing the list of meritorious people on May 18?
6,This is more than 9 points. Is it a contradiction if a student dies while demonstrating? ㅠㅠ A martyr is a martyr who devoted his life to his purpose and ideal and achieved results with all his heart The tear gas that hit you're a martyr?
1,a red-screen textbook Civil servants are bad unconditionally and ordinary people are angels unconditionally. It's fun to watch trash like this. Thanks to these movies, Koreans have become completely piggies
4,There's no movie with a director, but you end up choosing a left-wing movie
2,Ah, I slept. This is a movie
1,The Uninteresting Emotional Pali in Korean Movies
1,This is a faraway movie
1,A movie that justifies the era of the Reds with one person's sacrifice
1,I really don't know why this is a 9 rating. Why do Korean movies have high ratings for Shinpa or past beautiful movies?
1,It's so disgusting. Director Jang Junhwan
3,What happened in the past and the best actors, and if you can't film this much, it's OO. What's this movie? What's the best? What's the creation, making, and giving five senses is the real movie
2,Oh, my God. What a mess
1,What is true liberal democracy? I don't think this is right
5,Some soldiers cried and shot at the sky because they couldn't bear to shoot innocent citizens. I will never forget the cowardice of those people who justified their actions on the grounds of "Because it is a command," hit their heads with a dog's headboard, and made citizens anti-OO with an iron shield.
1,The riot police are the perpetrators, the perpetrators are the victims of the riot police system You wanted to hit me, you wanted to kill me? By order, the majority of riot police are surrounded by angry citizens and forced to shoot! Don't you know that people can't kill people?
1,A movie that's too left-leaning.
1,...lol...lol...
4,There are subtitles for everyone, there is no reason to be imprinted, there is no reason to know, and there are many characters that seem important, but there are few important characters. Ha Jungwoo is the apostle of justice! The end. A movie that you can forget right away. A touching and boring arrangement
5,He must have wanted to leave behind a commercially successful movie in his director's career. I thought so, so I went to the theater and watched it. Junhwan, can you retire after making one more piece like "Protect the Earth"?  I prefer my brother back then.
1,The democracy protected by the martyrs, the Reds politicized with their lives, and the pigs were instigated, and they broke up
1,After watching it at the beginning of last year, I couldn't say anything, but I just gave it 10 points because my heart was heart-warming. Now that I know the reality, it's just a movie with less than 1 point
1,My heart bleeds.
1,As an original Jeolla-do person, I'm saying this because I'm angry, but he glorifies the mob. No matter how much Chun Doo-hwan did wrongBut it's not true Not incitement
2,Now the police have become a country where they can't even suppress  Korean people who think of old memories when they think of law enforcement
1,I wonder how they made the movie like this. From the beginning, I'll skip it with the mouse, turn it off in the middle, and delete it right away. It is waste of money.
1,It's childish and boring
1,A movie that lefties like
1,Park Jong-chul, who died, is a waste, but it can't be helped that it's a movie about pro-North Korean leftists
3,Let's make a movie about Kim Jong Un's dictatorship
1,It's going up on the real-time charts
1,Lefties love this movie Haha
2,The topic is good, but the one I made is a mess.Actually, there are so many distortions and it's almost an imaginary movie.That's too bad.
1,They're so short-thinking.After watching this movie, I was more surprised that such a democratic country was in that era Don't you see that a college student tried all sorts of tricks to stop him from dying, but it turned out to be all over the place, and all of them were cut off? If it were a real dictatorship, it wouldn't be a problem
1,It didn't really hit home.than a taxi
1,Why does this keep coming up on the real-time charts? It's not even 10 million, but why are there so many comments?
1,Why do you come up in search order whenever you have time? It's a crazy government, Gabever. It's a real thing to do. Last year, he covered up Ferry Sewol with Lee Myung Bak Geun-hye, but now he has nothing more to do with the fine dust and the troubled economy and security. 1987 It smells so bad
1,Is it to promote the Reds?
1,A one-sided political movie is worth one point
1,I don't think it's the current 9.23 rating for netizens writing this. I think it's about 6.5 to 7
1,If you look at the government, you can see the flow of the released movies and the political orientation of the director at once If the director distorts history, he can learn distorted history Never learn history from movies.
1,The movie that the left likes. Look at the critics' ratings
1,I like movies like action, SF, and thriller.
2,North Korean language? What is this movie?
5,It turns out that Kang Dong-won is a descendant of pro-Japanese group, and the stock price drops, so he made a movie for democratic protest. This movie was made because of Kang Dong-won's image making
1,This movie is the best comment. The sad reality of being proud of being a dog pig without shame on you.
1,pro-Japanese group Why are descendants in movies?
1,It keeps coming up on the real-time search keyword What are you up to? Are you showing it to me to brainwash me? What's the reason? In any case, the Gwangju incident should be investigated again and investigated to find out the truth. I used to cry when I saw fancy vacation... Looking at it now, there's a question
6,As if he had promised to comment on the current administration, he is flattered by the current administration
1,In this day and age, movies are aimed at attracting audiences
1,I just watched it without thinking
1,I adjusted the rating~~
1,a movie with no emotion, no fun, no twists
2,When I see videos of those days, I wonder if only the top heads or the bottom ones will live well without treating people like no one else
2,Oh no! It's hard to leave comments
1,That was too much. Lower it a little bit
2,Patriotic party, self-defense party, fighting! Let's get rid of this left-leaning movie! Moon Jae-ang, let's push out pro-North Korean keys
1,It's a thrilling movie for leftists who are screaming for the overthrow of dictatorship and sucking up the three great tyrants
1,Pfft. This is a movie. There's only a big gate that believes it's real. It's not the Red Government.No more than pro-North Korea. ㅉㅈ
1,The intention is obvious why this movie is on the real-time search keyword. Because you asked me to reveal my merit, I put it on the real-time search keyword to incite dogs and pigs
1,Long live Chun Doo Hwan...Without Park Chung-hee and Chun Doo-hwan, we would be worse off than North Korea.
1,I want to take out my tearful eyes when I saw this.
1,When I was a dog pig, I was touched by this. Wow, I realized that democracy has not just been achieved, it is amazing, and I could see all the scenery in front of me preciously.  However, I finally found out after studying and seeing the truth.  It was a left-leaning movie
2,In terms of movie, I felt disappointed and like a documentary.
1,Is this the case with the people's mother who is forced to be helpless in front of the North Korean regime, a martyr, democratic fighter, when they die during a demonstration by activists and left-
6,It is ironic that the university activists who led the pro-democracy movement called for the abolition of dictatorship had to concentrate only on the pro-democracy movement, but they studied Juche ideology and respected the world's worst Kim Il Sung family, and created the current aristocratic union
5,A movie that even pigs like
1,February 9, 2019 14:20 PM Why is this on the real-time charts?
1,Moon Jae In A movie that the president will like
1,Don't distort history, riot, Gwangju, Kim Dae Jung Jeolla-do
6,It's another painful history This should never happen again
1,I was born in 1992, so I asked my grandfather and father if you were like this, and they were busy making money in rich countries before the IMF, but only protesters were uncomfortable in this country.
1,Is this a movie? Phew...
1,It's a great movie that describes the red reactionary sagas as martyrs. Park Jong-chul is loyal to Kim Jong-nam, and there is clear evidence of his intercourse with North Korean spy sagas, but it's also evident in the movie, but he doesn't admit it at all
1,the combination of animals against the tyranny of man and the drive of manPigs rule animals with power, but they bully animals worse than humans. Would Lee Han-yeol have fought with his life if he had known at the time that his colleagues later became pigs on an animal farm?
1,The most vicious politician is not a dictator. He is a demagogue who always appeals to be a victim of group madness with moralism and justice.
1,Left-wing celebrity all-star movie
6,There are too many side dishes. That's a problem
1,What's so bad about catching the red?
5,It's too forceful. reluctance to do anything
1,At that time, the 48-year-old kids changed the world. They all took a place, blocked the job path, made it like a country, made it like a bad habit, made me go crazy, and made their beautiful movies go crazy
1,The rating is so high that I'm to balance it. a six-point film
1,This is 9.5 points? There is no historical concern about calling for a direct constitutional amendment, and why is it so boring? Do I lack photography skills? Why are you shaking so much? You've drawn a bad guy's line, and you've turned a rating macro. Are actors forced to act or promote? Did I have high expectations? A 6.5-point movie that ruined a good material.
1,Dictatorship. Why do you keep erasing comments? It's a fact that the anti-government demonstrators who praised Kim Il-sung staged a protest against the government by inciting students to call it democratization (Lee Seok-ki, Lee Hae-chan, Lim Jong-seok, and Cho Kuk He was trying to drive out the dictatorship, but now he's sucking at Kim Jong Un.
1,When will Korean movies come to their senses?
1,Is the movie rated higher than Ridley Scott's Gladiator?
1,Chun Doo-hwan is the true president of the common people who defended democracy
1,a dirty world dismissing the socialist movement as a democratic movement
5,Reporters and activists fought to protect democracy and constitutional values, but now they are using democracy and shaking the rule of law 결국 After all, they have goose and vested interests
1,a left-leaning new drama film
1,a civil movement called by Marxist-socialist failed red-minded children
1,Nothing is easier to distort the truth than a movie!  It's just a movie about scanning  All cultural content is too red
1,This isn't it...It should be decided by a referendum (1987), but Roh Tae-woo was elected. Two candidates for the labor and opposition movement failed to win the election. Now young students, be sure to consult the elderly with experience in the mountains.
1,It's like a movie about the death of a part-timer in his 20s at 20 OOO. Moon Jae In OUT.
1,Soulless zombies learn history from movies
2,Why did you pick Moon Jae In when you did that ㅇㅅㅇ
6,I'm curious. Why did you pick Roh Taewoo?
1,I hate the movie, the political man, the emotional man, the movie, and the problem of North Korea's nuclear weapons program so far is that Kim Dae Jung's remittance of funds to North Korea begins. Please look at history objectively Hate the deification of movies
4,The gravity of the incident itself is indescribable, but it's the one who gets on my nerves the whole time I see pro-Japanese group grandson screwing up the movie
1,Bringing out great soldiers to the IMF
1,I've been embarrassed the whole time I've been watching the worst emotional movie, and my face is burning
1,It's a movie that's perfect for kids who learn history through movies
1,A movie for lefties to the bone.
1,No, it's just okay, but seeing you go in and out of the water, I feel like I'm losing all my affection. If you make a real Gukppong or ideological movie, you'll succeed shivering
1,It's a forceful impression and a biased view.
6,I'm wide awake when Kang Dongwon comes out.Why does he always come out when he can't even act?I don't want to see Kang Dongwon anymore.You should improve your acting skills.
5,I applaud the actors for their performances. ~ However, it really glorified the red left. ~ The unfair death of a young man is heartbreaking and unfortunate - but the leftists put it forward and glorified it. It's being shown in the movie. ~ I need an eye to sort out.
1,What a waste of 0.518 degrees. Chosun-dong movie on a unique day of Joseon
1,I want to give you 11 points
1,regardless of political orientation Honestly, is this movie fun? I fell asleep while watching the movie.
5,"Is this the glory?" "It's a punch. I can't believe it."'
1,MBC is disgusting lol Can a movie that's only been released for a year be aired on TV right away?I feel like I'm in a hurry to win the copyright and broadcast because of the regime crisis. Are you guys nervous?
1,South Korea also has a nine-point rating for low-quality Korean films.
1,Is there any reason to play this movie during the holidays?
1,The mbc pups are like trumpets of the regime. Look at the left-leaning pro-democracy movie on holiday. All the movies on public TV are anti-Japanese and pro-democracy chords
2,The same goes for Moon Jae In, who doesn't listen to the people.
4,I don't watch movies that have a political orientation when I'm over 30
1,Let's eliminate pro-China communist Moon Jae In regime and protect liberal democracy
1,When I see Jeolla-do's parents going crazy talking about movies, I think they're crazy. I want to cut off all the paranoid pathetic things and interact with things in Jeolla-do things
1,Leftists glorifying anti-government protests by leftists pretending to be democratised
1,This is called a movie.Oh, you'sure
1,If you look at the Cholla d'Ins and what the regime is doing these days, 5.18 might be a riot...
2,You're really amazing.
1,The Patriot to the Devil to the Patriot to the Devil.k
1,One point is a waste. Too bad there's no zero.
1,It seems to be a typical promotional movie of the Moonbeol-gu administration.
1,Kids these days don't have experience demonstrating and demonstrating.Park Jong-chul was a supporting protester during the occupation of the U.S. occupation. In many parts of Korea, Kim Il Sung's followers were active during their college years.It's a pity that they lost their lives in the wrong way, but the liberal democratic menace is the answer!
1,Ugh... A country like bugs...
1,I looked up the director just in case of a typical sentimental movie, and I understand.What a waste of great actors' acting
1,A typical sedition movie
1,The demonstrators were painted as if they were just peaceful demonstrations LOL
1,a trashy socialist communist glorification film
2,It's a third-rate trash political movie that heroizes spy redlings and turns right-wingers into trash villains who try to catch them. People who praise this movie are also HOXY??? I'd rather watch Power Rangers than watch a movie like this
6,There is a risk of neglecting the cinematic element because it is buried only in the message delivery, but it does not fall into such an error. It was okay!
5,Lack of production. In particular, the romantic atmosphere of male and female actors interferes with the movie's immersion.
1,The worst film ever to glorify the left-leaning Red Movement.
1,I'm jealous of Jungeun. Those who don't like it can be locked up in anti-aircraft guns or political prison camps and dried to death, but the Republic of Korea becomes a villain if it's red
1,Why don't you make a praise movie for Lee Seokki, Baek Namki, and Han Sanggyun?
5,Like the 500th year of the Joseon Dynasty, dozens of individual actors appeared, and the film's suction power is weak.
2,Opportunist CJ sagitts in a service film tailored to the liberal regime
1,After listening to Dr. Ji Man-won once, the movie version is really tilted to one side.
6,I'm angry at the people who say this is a movieThis is a very sneaky political fight to stop a military dictatorship and turn it into a democratic one. It is a movie that made Korea the path of the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions, and it gives six points to the people who died.
1,If you look at "Hankyoreh," what's your favorite movie?
6,There were so many childish crissches that the director saw and he nodded.The movie version is in line with the regime
1,I don't want any cheap regime movies
1,Please give me a theater for the movie departure Like this movie that was shown in every theater every day,
5,pro-Japanese group The movie where the descendant Kang Dongwon stars as Lee Hanyeol
3,It would have been fun if there was no talk about college students at the end, but the student movement was so awkward.
2,Who do you think you're going to make this crap movie to look good on?I don't want to see it even if it'
1,It's a waste of 1 point. Why isn't there 0 point? You've solved a lot of rumors that show why you failed in a failed movie
1,In June 1987, during the final exam period of university, university students who used to play without studying at large companies had a hard time getting a job, but now they are old-fashioned and glorified the case of rioting under the pretext of democracy
6,I went out too much...lol
1,You got such a high rating and you got an award for your work.I'm just curious.Is there anything boring?If there's no fun or boring part, I can relate to it. If it's boring, then
1,Are you kidding me?
2,Best Picture Award? Make a fuss about the next kick!
1,I watch boring movies and sleep tight;;
1,In 1987, the story of those who risked their lives to change the world, and in 2017, the self-celebration party of those in power.
2,Young people who don't know anything are becoming red humans because of this kind of movie? Those who were patriotic for the country at that time wrapped up the villains who portrayed and spy like villains as righteous people. I miss you, Park Chung-hee.
1,I'm inciting you to add to the fact that has happened in the past. It's really the fault of the A.D.L.A. in the past. But don't just look at it emotionally. We have a Korean team now Moon Jae InHe's trying to hand over the South to the North But then I'm out of this country
5,The extreme of biased good and bad punishment. The good and evil of all the characters depicted in the movie is so distinct that it is not cliche but mannerism.
1,It is full of people who don't understand why the government had to hold such a strong red, but criticize the government's violence in pieces. If we didn't do it like that at that time, we would have fallen into the hands of North Korea
2,I think we won last time, but the junta finally got it OOO
2,The incendiary power of the leftists can only be acknowledged.If you gather around and demonstrate, you'll be justified in everything
1,The rating is higher than I thought.   Not to that extent.
1,I shouldn't have seen it. I feel uncomfortable all the time. Please pay more attention to human rights in North Korea.
1,There are also many dog pigs who get emotional after watching a well-trimmed movie.To know history, look at the fact-based book. Watch a movie and don't get sentimental as if it's the truth
1,If you look at the cast, it's a political movie.
5,It's not a documentary. It's a movie. It's not fun in movies, but it makes me cry
1,Isn't 518 a riot?
1,Disgusting throughout the movie with a typical biased political color
6,There is a lot of people who died without sin, but Chun Doo Hwan is still alive and well in this world without paying taxes
1,Are those red people in their 40s and 50s who used to work out? ㅠㅠ That's disgusting
1,I give you one point because it is funny that North Korean-speaking Minister Park said that he caught the North Korean red. The way you talk was so funny. What do you mean, "Get out of here, get out of the red?
1,Please tell me how it ends
1,John, I'm a biased movie
1,I don't see you taking a bus and putting down five cops.The dead must be someone's family.The police box set fire to the city, county and county offices, and they didn't show us how to take gun ammunition
6,Tell me why you need to see it
1,A Political Leftist Demagogue for the Moon administration
5,I think the movie would have come more naturally if I had written another actor with ordinary appearance other than Kang Dongwon
1,The Red Movie... Anyway, it's a good world to live in. Try biting and sucking. I'll just live like that
1,Only famous actors worked hard on the film, but the script was not fun at all
1,The reality of the movie industry that can't be sold without agitation.
1,I feel that there are many ignorant people who learn history through movies.
2,Socialism is killing me while demonstrating
1,Don't watch the movie because it's a waste of time
1,It's a glorified campaign movie
1,Hey, this is... The left-leaning, gang-style sentimental movie that's a waste of actors' acting
1,Only the brainwashed are sorry. I'm sure there will be a day to realize.
4,Obviously, it is wrong to kill people, but the glorification is too severe. We should think more about the patriotism and the value of liberal democracy than the candle democracy that is hot our hearts
6,It's worth seeing, but democracy is not a religion. What would it have been like if we approached it more fundamentally like Jang Junhwa? A movie for children? Teach children only moral ideas. It is dangerous for modern scholars to approach democracy as truth, just as scholars of the Joseon Dynasty were immersed in Confucianism.
1,Worst Propaganda Government Information
1,Worst Propaganda Government Information
6,It's a movie that you must watch with your children
1,President Chun Doo-hwan, who helped us enjoy the best economic boom since Dangun, greatly developed the Korean culture and sports industry that will be the basis of the Korean Wave today, suppressed the rioters in Gwangju, who were shot by the North, and defended peace and democracy in this land!
4,I understand what you're trying to figure out, but it's not funny
1,It doesn't look good in the movie. The message may be good, but. To be honest, I was surprised that the rating was too high.
6,I think the actors acted well and the scenario was really well made. In the end, however, I can't understand what the movie means. The military dictatorship, the May 18 incident, Park Jong-cheol's torture and death case, are known as rehashing and inciting the people
1,Campaigner is always the victim, good and justice
1,It's a movie with a very dark color. As expected of CJ
6,When I watched previous movies, I thought he was a director who liked him more than Bong Joon-ho or Park Chan-wook and could be more popular worldwide, but he won an award for his flat work regardless of the content.
1,This is called a movie.
2,This is a movie. Amku won't be able to go up until the end credits. Thank you-r
1,Honestly, it's not fun...
6,It was fun, but it's worth swearing at when people with different political colors see it
1,Yeah, Baek Nam-gi should've done this too. He's lying, but he's innocent, and he refuses to do an autopsy. Isn't that disgusting?  It's not a bug
6,It was nice to buy tickets comfortably
2,No more erasing women from history.I often see young children commenting on what a woman did because she didn't have a great woman, but it's not that, it's that she disappeared from history.I'm so upset
1,Hello, I'm the star-studded fairy
6,Don't forget to live a good movie
2,Well, it wasn't that great Totally wrong
1,You're working hard It's Jeolla-do
1,Typical demagoguery movie with nothing to watch but Kim Yoon Seok's acting. Yes, Toyota Daisy OOO~
6,My mom and dad enjoyed the reservationI was at home Haha
1,I can't believe this movie is 9 points. I watched it because of Kim Tae-ri
1,The childish third-rate emotional arm keeps popping out... Jang Jun-hwan should learn how to shoot a movie or something.
2,Dictatorship is bad, but...Color hicks like Ahn Hee-jung, Kim Ki-sik, Jung Bong-ju, and Kim Kyung-soo are worse.
6,I tried to put too much into the movie. crude
1,During the Chun Doo-hwan regime, he was a participant in the demonstration, but now that I see it, it was heaven. It was the best time for innocent people to live.
1,Left-handed escape is based on intelligence
1,Left-leaning movie is like a North Korean propaganda brainwashing movie
1,ethjl;;kbggg
6,It's worth watching. It's okay. It's good
1,Institutional movies are... I think it's not good because it's a promotion and glorification of MBC and the Democratic Party.
1,It's really not fun  It's really boring I don't recommend it  It is waste of money.
2,But this kind of movie is so popular that it always comes out once in a while.I don't know if I should call this a luxury casting, but I've made it look like a mess by gathering all the actors and actresses.Uninteresting and distracting.People who are interested in this kind of material watch the movie itself.7 million based on the subject matter.
5,You're not mistaken about what you have to say
1,Isn't this a leftist movie? jQuery224023989056247157747_1525744182486!  A trash movie idolizing an empty group of fanatic psychopaths in the head of a student movement
1,I'm disappointed that it's at this level through the content of the uncriticized sanctuary of the June Uprising. If clichés that you might have seen in past movies are abused and there is no forced romance, you can't solve Korean movies. If you're not good enough, it's great not to hold a megaphone.
6,Thank you very much for being born in this day and age
6,Um... I was really sad and frustrated while watching it, and I thought about our history again. But if there were too many unnecessary scenes or less probable scenes, the material was really good and I have to watch it, but I think the directing is a bit clumsy... Many famous actors come out
1,The scandalous industrial accident of the Left Zom era is not worth a shot
3,8 points for the movie, 3 points for the painful history.
2,I hope the red traitors disappear from Korea as soon as possible^^
1,I give you one point because it is deplorable that the movie gets a high rating if it only puts political colors in it. I guess this is the limit for Korean movies
5,Throughout the first half of the movie, most of them are hysterical because they are biased toward the extremes of affection and resentment. It makes me think that democracy was founded on justice and hatred. The acting of famous actors is worth watching, so I give you 5 points.
6,It was so much fun. Shoes... It's too new
1,People are so sneaky, so fake and brainwashed in every way possible, I wish we could talk more about what we need to focus on, not with the prejudiced eyes we already have
1,I want to stop watching this left-wing movie Don't distribute everything for free and show me cramming ideological movies that seem like a leftist voter! It's embarrassing why the leftists are educating their minds on bad things in the past when they're all the same people who manipulate the media and don't get an independent counsel
1,The Trash Political Movie 1010
1,a OOO movieI can't believe you spent a lot of money on this
6,Too immersed in historical events and the spiritual element is frankly lacking
5,I am confused and confused.
6,There were too many unnecessary cooks.
1,Park Jong-chul was not a good student, but a communist who followed Kim Il-sung. In the movie, it is said that a good student was caught out of nowhere and tortured to death, but it is not true at all. He also received an honorary diploma from Kim Il Sung University after Park Jong-chul's death. I feel sorry for being tortured to death, but if you don't glorify it,
6,Cover it with your eyes and watch it with a guy who flirt with you
5,It's just a movie, and it's the worst documentary film ever, and there's no ending to every documentary that looks like a movie
1,Dong is the bad landlord of Rinmin!Let's send the reactionaries to hell!It's a famous line
6,I enjoyed watching itMake sure to watch it
1,Oh... I was watching and it got turned off.
4,Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
1,Red movies made by the Reds for the Reds in a world of red glamour
1,Innocent people who think movies are true, the student movement in the 80s was a communist movement. And yet you're inciting it as if it were a movement for democracy? The days when powerful people distorted like in the past have passed. the political world, the media world.... Stop distorting now.
4,an extension of the present, not the past
1,One of the political rubbish films made for political purposes.A political film with good ratings but no one actually watches it.Movies like Internet Supercars,
1,Mr. Oh Dal-soo came out to see Mr. Thiodal-soo in prison still denying... Please make me come this far and leave comments I'm so disappointed.ㅠㅠ Even after a long time, I can't watch Oh Dal-su's movies anymorecrying
2,It wasn't good because of Kang Dongwon. Pro-Japanese
1,I didn't see it.Why was it so popular?
6,I think Kim Tae-ri said she was representing all forgotten and erased activists, including women activists of the era, but wasn't that too passive? I felt like I was consumed as a romance that made Kang Dongwon stand out
6,I don't know. It's not a very popular movie. It's just a documentary. It's like a supporting actor with personal connections. I can't concentrate wella person's wages
6,It's a must-see movie. Even if it's boring, I recommend you to watch it
6,A movie with conviction. Unexpectedly interesting.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun to chew. Things like this should be read in books A movie with a dog-no-fun-bite bottle
1,No answer instigated movie...
2,The movie that the lefties will like, "Taxi Driver 1987" "No More Scandalizing Films Like Lawyers" It's lamentable that there are so many spies in South Korea is full of spies
6,That wasn't very interesting. It doesn't make sense that Kang Dongwon's foot size is 270mm
1,I wanted to describe it realisticallyThen why didn't you talk about Jeon Dae Hyub and the injection wave? Who do you think these people are?
6,The level of completion is not good.
4,If the Reds had been left unattended in those days, it would have been more than 10 times in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
1,Korea's hidden hero, Director Park. Thank you crying
1,Look at the rating of this trashy movie, the part-timers and the Moon Bechung
2,I screamed when the candles came out
1,In Korea, Yi Sun-shin is 5.18 and the movie is always successful. The movie has zero value.
6,It's a must-see movie!
1,What a waste of history distortion!People's democracy is a pushover
1,An inflammatory movie. An emotional movie. The end
1,I seriously cursed at my wife on Olleh TV, but it was so boring... Historical events are important, but we have to make the movie fun. I love Moon Jae In, but this isn't it
1,The funny thing is, why do you want to learn history through movies? Movies are just movies. If you do this again, the leftists will come and be secretive. Dictatorship is a problem, but the left is a problem, too. Please study history with books.
1,I'm not as good as I thought. Let's open it
1,Biased political film--Members from the activist group, go back to your original intentions
5,We'll be able to judge history accurately only if there's a movie that sheds light on the harms of left-wing brainwashing students. It's a shame.This is an era when the movie industry has forgotten its sense of balance.
1,It's too political.
1,It feels like it's happening under the Moon administration dictatorship these days shivering
1,SARS is like an incendiary movie K
1,I'm from the 386th generation, but they're now in a corner of power, another red herring, just as they've ruled out the pain, and if the door opens, they'll throw it together.Even if they defeat the dictatorship, it is like the Ilwol Protestant dictatorship was created.
1,Half a century later, this kind of movie will be considered a representative movie for incitement to the left, and it's clear that it was a happier and more affectionate society than it is now
1,What a waste of time for no funcrying
2,Pro-North Korean Left-wing glorification film! It's an unpublished movie of the Rape Party and the Gang of Education, who are shouting for democracy, praising the North Korean dictatorship, shouting for human rights, and raping supporters behind the scenes
2,We have to kill all the Reds
6,Campaigners, their own league, their own stories...There was nothing less than that
6,It was fun. It was funHehe
6,A fierce history makes for a peaceful present
1,What is true? Is this the right way?
1,Not much fun. It doesn't seem to be my cup of tea.
4,The significance of looking back on history is good, but... There's no element of fun. I recommend it to those who have the blood of the activist group.
6,I only watch movies as movies.
5,Is the rating based on patriotism? Honestly, I don't think it's around 9 points
1,A lie, a truth, a lie, a lie... History should not be learned from movies or dramas
1,The truth is right to come out. And the reality of the scanning wave and the movement should be revealed.
1,Former President Chun Doo-hwan is so corrupt that he should have stepped down. But when I went up to the ending credit, I saw Moon Ik-hwan coming out and I was regretting why I paid for this movie
1,a film that glorifies scanning waves
6,The last scene is good, but the process is not good. Especially, Ha Jungwoo. It's like a time-lif test. It's not 1987But it's better than Hwai, so give me a score
3,A film of considerable political significance, but its rating as a film? I wasn't immersed. Clashyal and watch it. It wasn't fun.
1,Why do people who call for democratization shout together with the U.S. and North Korea? I can't relate to it at all.
1,Make sure you watch it. Twice Haha
6,It's a sympathetic content, but it wasn't fun. There were so many characters that the movie was distracting. Too much overall
1,It's like another sex offender group of sex offenders
1,A great movie where Kim Yun-seok scolds prospective sex offenders.
2,I slept while watching this ㅠㅠ
6,The movie wasn't as good as I thought it would be
6,It's pretty good to watch
3,His lines are exactly like 1987... The title is 1987??
6,It was fun!
2,It's not good, but it became an issue because I'm a student of Seoul National University and Yonsei University. If I was a high school graduate, it would have been a bit boring. If I follow the times like Shin Sook-ju, I live well. It's better than a dead person
6,The movie was like a documentary and it was very good.I felt like I was in that era.The director's eyes are a bit sad that a descendant of pro-Japanese group like Kang Dong-won plays the role of Lee Han-yeol, so he takes away two stars.It's a good movie. It's also a flaw that the cameo's role is so big.
6,Too plain and boring to direct or edit. Only the actors' acting was good.
1,Why do you use pro-Japanese group descendants of Kang Dongwon in movies like this?
1,What a rubbish movie! You're an actor, a director, and a good student of history!The intentions of the movie are really bad
1,It's a childish movie that only tries to stimulate forced tears
6,What's the point of picking up the material?It wasn't fun to get into character
1,When Kang Dongwon turned into Lee Hanyeol, I thought he was going to wake up the worst
1,The worst movie ever. Who told you to watch this? It's not fun. It's boring. It comes out as soon as it starts
6,I really want to recommend it
1,This is a movie. A true movie. A true movie
6,The year was hot, but the movie was careless. What a contradiction if this movie hurts another victim.
1,Lefty is generous to sex offenders
2,ㅠㅠ Cheesy scene ㅜㅜ
1,The rating is about four points. The score is too high. I'll give you 1 point
6,Bloody straight system. But the one that I picked was Roh Tae Woo? Huh? He was supposed to take over from the gymWhat is it?
1,I definitely don't watch movies with sex offenders. It's Gue-Ectona
2,The people who took over the regime and are full of red products are saying that they are going to kill Kim Kwan-jin, who North Korea hates and is scared of, and these days, the number of people who attacked the Cheonan warship is increasing, and anti-U.S. protesters are just saying
2,No one knows the truth.I'm worried that I'll be swept away by the crowd after watching a movie like this
6,The acting and the play are all over the place and loud. The way Grand Duke detectives treat the prosecutor is unrealistic. I'm trying to make a movie out of this, so there's not much to it.
2,So, what do you want me to do? They're just such babies. The description or case setting is so fairytale and fraudulent. It doesn't feel realistic
1,It's not fun at all
6,It was all good, but the unlikely romance, the dim acting of actor Kang, and actor Kim's acting scattered their concentration.
1,No fun. No value as a movie at all
1,As left-wing mainstreamers took over the government and dominated the cultural and media circles, the scenes where the North Korean Red Praise Movie came out without a hitch were the most refreshing
4,It was a good movie, but it couldn't give a good score as a female audience.
2,This is the political framework. There's nothing in it
4,I'm putting my foot in the facts, but it's a movie, not a documentary
1,The rating is too high. Alba heaven
6,I enjoyed watching the movie, but I want you to talk about the character Park Jong-chul. If you want to talk about history by bringing in real people, you don't have to be one-sided.These days, many people learn history through movies.
1,Steel rain was boring, but this is even more boring
6,There was fiction in it, but it's amazing to hear that this happened the year I was born. I thought people gathered only at the 2002 World Cup and gathered at the recent ultra-fire rally, but there has been a fiercer struggle since then. The movie is boring. What did Ha Jungwoo do?It's a shame to open it up and end it
6,They say they don't watch Snowball movies. I can't help it
2,Isn't it a red movie?
6,The movie would be more interesting if you could study with your ears open instead of judging emotionally why the society and Park Jong-chul were caught in a crisis due to dangerous ideas.
6,A movie that made me feel the preciousness of my forgotten freedom and the preciousness of my day. Thank you to all the people who created this era
4,It's not a movie for fun
1,I acknowledge the historical fact, but the movie itself is not that good
1,I want to say thank you to everyone who protected the democratic Republic of Korea and I want to say that there are many people who are still trying to protect the collapsing Republic of Korea! Long live Korea!
2,A typical democratization marketing strategy. He's been glorifying and inciting unions throughout the movie. All the brainless actors who judge him to be awake are out in force to lead the government.
1,Left red movie where spies become MIN JU fighters...
1,Honestly, it's exactly 6 points. A fancy vacation was more fun. That's too much It was boring from time to time, and I don't like people who don't want to see me, so I give you 1 point
5,It is a good material and pays five points for making a movie of historical facts.  The Korean film industry seems to have a habit of just relying on famous actors' acting skills. Is directing acting okay? All of them are cartoonish emotional acting, lines...It was so typical and easy.
4,I don't want to recall the shameful past. As one of the people, I am ashamed.
1,The story is boring and not solid, the play is messy and not smooth, the actors are not able to bring out their acting skills, and it's like a movie, but it's like watching a fiction novel made by an elementary school student.Just overall boredom
1,When a liberal left-wing government enters, movies criticizing conservatives are always released.If you lean to one side, you can instill too biased thoughts, especially in your teens and 20s.Let's make a movie that shows the numerous provocations and murders of the Kim regime in North Korea and the great performance of anti-aircraft police and soldiers.
1,Two top lefties in the movie
5,Better than a taxi, but overall distractions...
3,It's the movie that Jang Junhwan made. No more, no less. I saw it in Faye. Bong Joon-ho should have made it. There is a clear superiority and inferiority in the aesthetic achievement of the two coaches. Kim Woo-hyung's filming, struggling between the gaps. Out of my three stars, 2.9 is up to Kim Woo-hyung.
5,I went through those days firsthand. I won't just give you an emotional rating.To be honest, the country was a mess, and the protests were a mess of violence.I respect the meaning and cause, but... Movies just focus on bigoted sentimentalism.
1,North Korea proves that the red movie "Gwangju Incident" is a spy riot
2,It's fun. Good, good, good, good
6,I think it was a movie that was worth watching
6,It's a shame that the role of women in history has been erased
4,There's a reason why it's not over 10 million
1,It's a sad history, but I didn't like the movie production.
2,Park Geun Hye And warships.Incheon Landing Operation. CJ's transformation in 1987 is guilty of a change of government.
5,It's five points...
1,Despite having a super-luxury cast and a super-spontaneous. I feel the limitations of the director
4,Why is this movie worth 10 points? Why did Kang Dongwon come out? The miscasting was serious. Do I just have to make a movie as it is? Rather, it's just the content. The limitation of Korean movies is to inject a set feeling about history as it is.
1,Waste... What a waste of time and money...
5,Let's admit that the movie and reality are different. Anyway, the casting is awesome
1,Korean movie level. Until when do you get a rating of 9? Is this movie selling well? Let's develop
1,It's not touching, it's
1,I can see the intention to equate this historical fact with the present reality.
1,It's a red demagogue movie
4,The movie is fun, the acting is great, and the development is not boringLike Kang Chul-bi, a taxi driver, the focus is on the democratization movement rather than focusing on packaging the current administration. The reason why I can only give you 4 points is that this movie is in the same context and includes trash media, so I can't give a lot of points.In those days, did the media realize justice?What's wrong with everyone now?
5,It has historical significance, but the movie itself was not good. Rather, taxi drivers are more fun.
1,Why should there be a political and rational movie every time the regime changes? I know what the facts are.
2,I watched it as I was born in 1987, but it's not fun I don't know what it means, and I give two points to famous actors, but I think it's a fact that I ate well and lived well under President Chun Doo-hwan. I don't think it was a difficult time to make a living like now.
1,I respect you, Mr. Chun Doo-hwan.
1,A movie that contains the spirit of the times in a disorderly and third-rate comic code.
1,The biggest beneficiary of the Oil Pal riots, the pensioners, please reveal it
2,If reality is reflected, what message did you deliver?
6,It's worth watching. When I'm bored
4,You're so excited. But do you have to put in the theological element?
2,1987? LOL. Typical red movie
6,Everyone's saying it's fun, but I was just like thatI guess I'm too young to relate
3,I didn't really feel that way
4,Well, um, um...
1,Yes, please show us the next red demagogue movie
6,1987 You Made It Well!
4,the international market of the present administration under the influence of democracy Kim Tae-ri's innocence and Park Hwi-soon's vitality are impressive.
3,If this is true, the other truth is false. This is the movie.
2,I don't know. I don't know.
1,a world without neutrality The opposite opinion is a world that unconditionally lends itself to one.A world where you can't even talk because you're scared. What's the difference between then and now?
6,I used to live in that era.It would have been nice if college students threw firebombs and sidewalk blocks and the riot police were injured themselves
6,I feel respect for the people of that time for all of us to gather in the square after the military dictatorship and change it to a straight line system...But the process of why Park Jong Chul was caught...There are many facts to say that the Kim Dae Jung administration gave North Korea six points in the movie, which lacked explanation for the process of saying that it could be a real red.
1,Historical studies, past glorified movies of the movement, are enough documentary (born in 1987)
1,I don't think it's my cup of tea.
6,It's a heart-rending movie, but...
1,It's a typical left-leaning movie. It's a bit forced
1,This is the only movie that comes out when the regime changes. I have to do it to a certain extent. ㅉㅉ
1,a typical campaign red movie
4,I didn't want to watch it because it was a left-wing movie, but I wanted to watch Kim Yoon-seok act
6,Who's the main character?  Are all famous actors supporting?
1,Is it true that people who like democracy but really don't like opposing opinions are being attacked and criticized?
6,[Voiceover] It's great to shed light on the misdeeds of the military regimes of this time. But what is the fun of the movie itself? To be honest, it's very boring. In the case of taxi drivers, it was a little fun. And the awkward acting skills of Kyosyo Dojang and Kang Dongwon are the flaws.
1,You need to beautify the red
6,I can't get into it because the supporting role is filled with famous faces.
6,I can't erase the feeling that there's no need for many actors to come out, but it's a movie that describes it realistically well
1,Kim Yoon-seok and Ha Jung-woo went all the way to the punchline, and suddenly Kang Dong-won and Kim Tae-ri came out and turned into a leftist incendiary movie. I'm sick of this kind of movie
1,It's not worth watching. It's a left-leaning movie. People who recommend it are equally left-leaning
6,1987 regime  Too bad. I hope you can overcome it in a more advanced way
2,I don't like...It's just
5,From the typical activist movie lawyer to Park Geun Hye impeachment, I think there were a lot of activist democratization movies. Taxi was worth watching. It's just a cliche and a decent movie. It's like a b-rated movie. Make it moderately
4,It's already leaked
4,It was so boring.222
6,It's just so-so. It's easy
1,pro-Japanese group Why do people who are descendants and respect you appear?
5,The movie itself is distracting and not very interesting. I think I'd be more immersed if I made it into a documentary.
1,The process of democratization has been gained not by emotion but by blood at the stage of human evolution. It is a pity that when the movie is buried in the emotional flow, it is only seen as a confrontation between good and evil that raises contempt for conservatives rather than the roots of democracy. It's the limit of evaluating a movie. excessive idealism
1,Park Jong-cheol's case is still the case, but it was a tragic accident that happened when spies were rampant in South Korea. Ferry Sewol used it for politics. Ferry Sewol It's all out of it, so we need something new
1,What's wrong with the movie. Personally, I think it's aimed at the current government. I even wrote Kang Dong Won and Yoo Hae Jin as supporting actors. I'm just glad I didn't see you in the movies.
1,Seol Kyung-gu's righteous acting and faithful acting are so hard to accept that I give you one point. Kim Yoonseok and Yoo Hae Jin were really good.
1,If you had brains, why did you do that back then? Did you really not have a lot of red people back then?Why can't you think in parallel? You're so sentimental, you're making me cry
6,I already know that it's a film of righteousness.
5,If it's a movie, shouldn't it be a little fun? I wonder if I just have to make history and make a profit by filling it with top stars. Would we get this rating even if we had unknown actors?
5,I learned all the lessons of touching meaning, but the conclusion is not fun...
6,I don't know if this is a really interesting movie, except for historical facts, justice, sympathy, empathy, etc.It was a boring movie that was hard to watch until the end
1,It's realistic, but...It also has a lot of influence on who the regime was when Youngho was created.I hate the military regime, but I hate the Communist Party even more.
5,The acting was good, but the story was too political.
1,It's not funny. I've had a good time watching the lawyer
1,Every time the regime changes...I wonder if the movies and dramas are finished and produced under the regime... Is there no Makada?
1,Political movies are so boring Stop making it
3,The focus on actual events is lacking in dramatic elements
5,The more I saw it from the middle, the more annoying it was that there were actually these rings. And I can't hear the lines well, so that's a bit of a bummer.I didn't know Kang Dongwon came out.I thought Ha Jungwoo was a special guest than Kang Dongwon.The story of the movie is too disappointing because there are too many special characters, and the content is not concentrated well.I'll just check if it's true. The story isn't that great.
2,It's the worst movie I've ever seen because of the good reviews The pyeong is covered with impurities
1,Bad as what to get a commie to You? Nauseatingly propaganda film and came out. Well try to try a box office by writing a star actor.
1,To be honest, I wasn't funny.
6,This is not a movie, it' it's history. That's why it's not fun. It was too insufficient to lead to the end with Kang Dong-won, and the ending of the story ended without a mallet. Someone's gonna say, "intended. But I can say it with confidence from the standpoint of view. It's "No Fun
1,In 1987, Kim Il Sung's mask almost went up. I have to reflect on myself. Now
1,Torture is the opposite. But after all, it's nothing more than a red glorified movie. http://www.nongak.net/board/index.html?id=nca123&no=34622
2,It's the end of the incitement, but 2 points because you're good at acting
2,I went back and forth in such a disorderI'm-- I'm distracted
1,Don't you get goosebumps? The humans who gave seven points for every trick give eight or nine points for a movie like this?
5,If it weren't for Kang Dongwon's miscasting,
1,Let's watch the documentary on TV. I don't want to see you anymore This kind of movie
1,Even if it is a pro-communist movie, it is too extreme.As always, I can't help but be disappointed in the media industry, which changes its character whenever the regime changes, and the movie industry, which seeks to benefit from it.
2,Ariadouter-Channer-Jouter-Tununu-Channer-Tunu-Channer
1,A film dedicated to populism.The noble spirit is distorted and glorified. A movie dedicated to the current regime.This is why self-righteousness is scarier than dictatorship.
1,The story is weak and unnecessarily written by famous actors. It's a movie that's popular in the left-wing era to make money.7 points is enough
2,A soap opera that follows the North. The country is going crazy.
1,The recommendation is high, but it didn't reach 10 million, right? Yes, 1987 is a movie like this. A movement drama that dogs like.
2,Red Incendiary Film The Patriots Turned into Murderers and Reds Wrapped as Revolutionaries
1,One point... this is how you learn history.
2,I saw it today. My heart hurts so much... I can relate to the movie I lived in that era, but I was so young that I didn't know. I was an immature kid. I'm sure you do, and I'm sure you don't, but I want you to know that one day the truth will come true, and thank you
4,Dictatorship and torture should be criticized, but it was absolutely impossible to seize the Ys and DJ regimes.
6,The history story was good! But it might be hard to understand people who are ignorant of historyㅜㅜ
1,I felt very relieved when God Baekgoldan beat up the Reds.Have a long and healthy life!
1,No fun... You have a high rating on the mountain
1,If you get agitated after watching a movie like this, you can prove that you're a pig
1,It's a waste of 1 point
6,Kang Dong-won burst out laughing at the composite photo. The ending was emotional
5,Did you have high expectations? I can't believe you're this good with a great actor like him. Kang Dong-won, who breaks the emotional line, doesn't fit the period drama.  Considering the actors' performance, it is hard to say that it is a trick.
1,Why is there no violent bullying scene? Actually, I just squeezed it and glorified it
6,Will the bereaved families be happy if they cover the bodies of the martyrs with pink silk and put them on the screen? It's a movie where the late Shinpa is hot like Pepper Fogg, but why do critics throw a high point?
2,The actors' performances were good, but Moon Jae-in mobilized all the actors to support the pro-North Korean left-wing regime. Don't incite them with things like this. Without Chun Doo-hwan, this country would have been eaten by the Reds.
1,The media, the movies, the whole left wing thing, it's offensive to drag them into what they want and the ending
1,As expected, on the last ending credit, only the police officers are making bad guys. I'll edit and post the footage of the police terror attack
6,Today, it seems to have been successful to show the democratic processes of the past. However, in a simple movie, the story is merely a list of past facts, and it is only a caba with the acting skills of famous actors.
1,Too much exaggeration, too much preaching, too much laughter.
1,The policy of destroying and instigating the movie is even scarier
1,I really wasn't having fun.
1,A lot of people will know. How scary and meticulous the leftist regime's national brainwashing is...
1,The last scene really gives me goosebumps. He's like a mob.
1,I heard there were a lot of real red people.
1,In the 1980s, Kim Il-sung and pro-North Korean leftists' activities to overthrow the nation were distorted and fabricated as "democratic movements." If this movie is true, the godfathers of the pro-democracy movement are "Kim Il-sung and Kim Jong-il." At that time, they used to say "Wisu-gim."
1,OOOO movie One Star is a waste. I already know that Chun Doo-hwan is trash, but whenever a movie from that era comes out, it's like a movie that only OOO learns history. In Korea, there is no such content, and the movie that understands emotions has the same rating as Forest Gump or a masterpiece
5,15 years of age or older...Do you know the age range of their parents? I watched director Jang's movie in general interesting way. I think it would have been better if it was a documentary or a series. It is a sad and sad movie in many ways. I personally found it interesting~~^^
5,It is an unsophisticated animal that cannot capture the spirit of the times or capture the facts, focusing on contrived productions such as anti-communist films during the dictatorship.
5,Ah... something is lacking a lot. It feels like a movie for making money.  And what is Kim Tae-ri? Why does she appear and go on the bus at the end?
2,Am I emotionally dry?
5,It's not a documentary, it's not a movie, it's a movie with a vague boundary between them. I think it is a waste of 3 stars simply for the fun of the movie.
1,It's boring and there's a distortion
1,The candlelight movie "518" is a riot that raised a gun. It was a riot led by the North Korean government that led by the North Korean government. Have a lot of stations on YouTube.
1,pro-Japanese group The descendants turn into democratic fighters.(Laughing)
2,a film tailored to the present administration I'm going to cut it short even if we're going to cut it short.
6,I was really looking forward to itHow will it be drawn? Except for Kim Yoon Seok, I think he's just a supporting role The story goes like that, and I was expecting a fancy vacation without any urgency, but taxi driver 1987 You can't get the best actor award here. I was touched by Kang Dongwon for a moment Who is Juyeon?
5,The movie was well made, and the actors' acting was perfect, but I think it's time to stop... These days, I feel so bad that the movie industry is getting colored by politics. I think it's the end of a political movie.
1,I wish this kind of movie would stop coming out
4,There's a lot of painful history and instructive stuff, but...The director's biased view is too unilaterally trying to create a confrontation between good and evil. I think it would have been a better movie if I had considered both sides' positions more deeply.
1,Worst movie ever, all the activists are in one place
5,It's not... boring. You don't have to watch it in theaters
1,Since Jjap Jjap saw it, it's definitely a video.
1,The level of piggies being instigated by this red movie
1,Rubbish. Ten letters. You're driving me crazy
6,The movie itself is about the content, beauty, and acting. But a film needed.
1,Pornography. It's a money-making world. a hell of a world
4,A new school, a new school, a new school, a new school.  In Korean movies, we can't really separate this new school. Can't you take this wonderful historical material and treat it coldly? It's a sad movie that keeps the audience crying
1,The movie is the U.S., China, and Hong Kong  What kind of movie is this?
5,290,000 won. I wish I could have taken Mr. Jeon.I almost died of anger.And personally, Kang Dongwon and Seol Kyunggu are all casting mistakes...Without them, 10 points
2,The red demagogue movie came out again. Manipulate, glorify and incite 100 days to see if history and truth change Taxi movement fancy riot 1974 trash politics predator animals
2,I don't want to waste my money. Let's skip the free-for-all.
1,There is a neighborhood idiot who has been full of theft and perversion since childhood. After watching this movie, I became a citizen and criticized Korea. Everyone! Trust the people who lived in that era. Look at your grandfather, grandmother, father, mother. Movies are fun to watch and that's all.
6,It contains a story of great Korean modern history. I thought it was an extras, but... It's fun to see each of the Cameo cast members as they are the main characters. However, when it comes to the completeness of the movie, I would put a question mark. Doohwan, let's go
4,If it's a movie, what else is left?  The latest movie is a trend that describes our bare faces in various ways, and frankly it's pukey. Are you sure you don't have a red?  The process is wrong, but is there a red? Look at the facts instead of just looking at the facts.
6,The result was the Roh Tae-woo administration. a hell of a ship
1,Wow, it's really a dog-red movie
6,I feel that the level of our people is still far from the level of comments. I hate neither the left nor the right.When will politics really think about development for our country...
6,I saw Namyoung-dong 1987...To be honest, box office movies change depending on the administration
1,I glorified the injection wave too much
5,There's nothing else to watch but Kim Yoon-seok's crazy acting
1,a movie that seems to have been squeezed out for a box office hit
1,Ten letters. Ten letters. Ten letters. Ten letters
1,I'm sure of a good movie. But it's a pity that it's such an obvious ending.^^ I'll lower the rating a little Hah!
6,It's not a movie to watch for fun, but it's boring
4,Is this a true story? lol I guess this director only searched the internet for the June Uprising.There's no tragedy like the director can't handle the actors' passionate acting. I just feel bad that I'm going to eat and live through a left-handed movie
2,I don't think he's using it politically
1,No fun. Really no fun. I don't know what it's about
1,I hope that the Snow Race Torture Death will also come out in the movie!
1,The left-leaning movie "Kim Il Sung, just like the left-leaning movie, Kim Il Sung, and Juche ideology
6,I don't know about the fun... It's like a movie with patriotism
1,It's the first time I've cheered for a villain in the drama
1,The Reds are the worst
1,The worst red movie ever
2,No fun, a liberal left-wing film
1,A movie that erased a woman from history
2,It's OO. I saw your score.
1,The activist government is now stirring up the Pyongyang Olympics by blaming fine dust from China for deleting the Korean Invasion from North Korea, Chinese military input, and the "free" word in the Constitution I'm thrilled to see a left-wing movie and I don't want to be instigated, I need to wake up
1,Since I am in power with candles, I only see movies like this. Look at the country from now! Candles will be responsible!
1,Why is this movie now? If you have a brain, let's think about it.
1,a must-see red movie
5,I love them all, but I hate it when you put a cheap story in a shoe It's so
3,Honestly, I heard that movies are really not fun...
1,It came out on IPTV
1,I'm sick of left-wing tear gas films. Stop glorifying them
2,In order to deal with Park Jong-chul's torture case in line with the times, we need to show the reality of the activist groups such as the mainstream faction, PD, and the labor alliance. This is just another propaganda movie to beautify the activist group
1,I don't know about politics, but it's not fun
6,It was touching to see the nation become one
6,It's a film that I can feel again how backward it has been in the last few years, with the courage and sacrifice of so many people, and I'll show you in future elections so that you don't lose that kind of barbarism again
1,It is best to skip political instigation movies
6,It's just worth watching, okay?
1,Hey, I feel goodLet's go to Owl Rock
1,I understand that our country has developed a lot of C (computa) and G (gas), but it's the worst grad...
1,It was interesting at first, but it's getting worse.
1,Are there fewer visitors because of God?LOL
4,This movie instigates too, so I don't like it. I had expectations for coach Jang Jun-hwan, but it's a shame.
4,If you like serious movies, please recommend
1,It's the lowest level of cinematic perfection. I see only political issues
6,It's a meaningful material, but the movie's completeness is disappointing. The development is distracting, and even the production of the Korean movie "Shinpa" is a chronic disease.
1,Don't look at me with your eyes
1,Did you really watch the movie and evaluate it? Is it a part-time job? I got a bad grade!!
6,It feels like I'm watching a documentary, so I should've downloaded it instead of watching it in the theater
1,pro-Japanese group The descendant Kang Dongwon is coming out.
6,The content is good, but like a lawyer, it's not good.
3,I was moved because it was a movie for the police who worked hard for the order and development of Korea, but it was heartbreaking to end up in prison. ㅜㅜ
1,Oh, a red-colored country
1,I'm really good at seducing people
4,Oh, it's a must-see movie. A movie that everyone wants to see
3,It's a loose development for a 9-point mark, and Yoo Jaeha's hidden path at the last minute
1,A red glorified movie. It needs to be burned.
1,That's a lot of sedition
1,It's not a rating of the movie itself or trying to denigrate those who worked hard to democratize, but it's a wonder that this movie has overtaken many masterpieces as a movie
6,I went to see it with my father.I'm sorry for the slow development in the second half. In the scene where Yeonhee goes on the bus at the end, my father quietly cries...
1,Half of it is a waste.The belief that art and politics should be separated remains unchanged. a film whose artistry is zero due to the involvement of politics
1,The worst movie I ever want to see again
6,The actors' acting was good, but...It was a bit disappointing.T
6,Vidiscibinishibinishibinishibidizidisibidisibidisibidisibidisibidis
6,It's a shame that the concentration is dispersed to so many actors. The focus on the characters contributing to the incident kept changing, so there was a sense of incomplete structure.
6,Ha Jungwoo has no presence and the ending is not clear. It's not a well-organized movie
1,I came out in the middle of watching at the theater. It is just a story that uses Korea's stern and bitter democratic historical facts as a tool for the success of capitalism in the middle of the day. Capital is money, so we push it, and the audience who watched the movie thumbs up. People say it's good to watch such a movie, so it's cheap to hear dogs and pigs.
2,Kang Dongwon is so handsome
1,I'm sick of the spin-off movie for dictator Moon Jae In. They're saying, "Go away!"
3,It's a movie documentary that's organized by the times
6,It was fun I'm satisfied
5,Ha Jungwoo's presence is so low. I should've highlighted it more strongly. It feels like I saw a documentary. I don't think it's worth watching as a movie.
6,I felt like I was watching a documentary on TV. It didn't have much impact. It was good to illuminate the historical event, but the interest in the movie was below expectations.  Personally, I liked the taxi driver a lot more!
1,I support this movie to General Jeon who defended the free Korea
6,Historical lessons and actors' performances shone, but it was difficult to find movie fun.
1,No movies glorifying mobs
6,More fun than with God
3,There is a feeling that other characters are buried in Ha Jung-woo's intense image. I thought Kang Dongwon was a cameo. It's a movie that's a bit messy.
6,It was like a documentary movie.I think you're really good at acting
6,It was the citizens who campaigned purely for democracyThe people who pretended to be righteous in front of them are injectors...
4,It's kind of obvious. It's a different point-in-time version of a taxi driver. I watched it until the end, but it was kind of boring in the second half
5,It wasn't as touching as I thoughtIt showed an intention to attract visitors with what actually happened.
6,It's a must-see movie It lingers in my mind until the end
6,Why is it so fancy?LOL It's fun to watch casting
6,Just plain... I don't know
6,Everyone has good reviews. Then I'll just...
6,a film of little importance to one's reputation
1,With the change of government, there are a lot of movies that have been glorified by the Reds.
4,Is it because I had too much expectation?
1,Too visible, deliberate political film disappointment
4,Is this fun? Sloppy storyline, development, and production skills are a must-have new drama in the mid-to-late stages ㅜㅜ
1,Nomo, Nomo. Why do you watch trash movies?
1,Moon Jae-in, Moon Jae-in, Moon Beol-gu, the problematic
1,Is this a movie? Political agitation. Teasing the emotions. Destroying the facts.
1,It's not fun. It's like watching a documentary.
4,I saw it because it was fun, but it wasn't good
5,Wow! It's so much fun!
6,I enjoyed watching it.
6,It's like watching a taxi driver. It doesn't really hit me
1,It's not fun. Don't waste money. It's a red movie
1,To be honest, it's not that interesting in movies alone, but I was fooled by the ratings. -- Isn't the ratings too much? Don't do it too much. I'm getting mad
1,I watched it twice, first on my own, second on my own.I watched it because it was a popular movie, but it wasn't fun as a movie.It was more like a documentary than a movie, and I don't like this content to come out as a commercial movie. So it wasn't a movie I wanted to watch again.
1,It's a trash movie about throwing firebombs and wrapping up a baby who threw it around because it makes it's worth living without studying
1,The most trashy movie I've ever seen. I can't believe I'm watching this for money
1,Why did you torture Park Jong-chul in this movie? It was a pity that the content was not covered at all, but I wish that Kim Il Sung was the target of criticism, not the military regime, but if Taeri tries to seduce me, I will.
6,Kang Dong Won is too much. a real-life touch The director's intention is to cast all the actors as the main characters.
6,I was angry about the reality
1,A movie made to ruin the country.
2,The flow is so obvious
6,I hope our children don't live in this age of ideology. It's a pity that the reality is also divided between the left and right sides of the liberal conservatives.
6,Thank you. I'm so sad
1,Left-handed trash movie out!
1,Dog pigs learning history through movies lol I'm so much lol
6,It's fun. It gets a little boring in the middle. By the way, Kang Dongwon still wants to play a role like a college student? It was so old-fashioned. Maybe that's why you seem to care about your age when you cast your college friends
1,I really didn't like it. What do you mean the rating is 9?
3,Don't make this political movie from now on. Taxi driver, lawyer, sick of it
1,Don't play with political incitement. Even if you watch a small YouTube video, you can see that the Gwangju Democratization Movement is a riot, not a movement. There is also a list of North Korean soldiers who secretly infiltrated Gwangju, so look for it. Please don't be instigated, piggies
2,It's just that people were crying
3,The purpose of the movie is good, but you have to take a good nap before watching this movie so that you won't fall asleep
6,It showed the power of the people, but it's a shame that women's activists were excluded
1,This is also a movie
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.
4,It's been a month since its release, and there are 682 theaters, 640 theaters with God, and finally, 4th place with God, 1987 is 5th place. When Damju Psychokinesis is released, it will end 1987
6,Thirty years later, the campaigners are asking why they're conservative
2,The purity is in doubt. There is too much political color. Violence should not be glorified for any reason. The violence is no different from demonstrations or torture.
1,Just the Korean version of Les Misérables. It's really boring and deserves zero points for a movie. Directing and editing, which is neither a documentary nor a movie, a foolish director who relied only on the situation at the time and wasted it with limited expressions and acting.
5,Look at the case of Baek Nam-ki. An autopsy against them is an autopsy in favor of the bad autopsies, whether the good autopsies are talking about democracy or communization...
1,Yes, it's not fun. Why did you run away after carrying Ha Jungwoo?
1,Until when are you going to make such an obvious story movie?
1,Kim Jong-un, Hyun Song-wol also saw a touching movie
2,b?n?n?n?n?n? It's unfortunately
1,For the sake of the Lord
1,Are you serious?shivering
6,It feels like something is empty
6,I wish I could've made it better.
6,It's not that it's not boring, but it's more than 9 points for movie critics who gave Avatar 7 points ^^
5,I was satisfied with the movie except for the level of immersion and the love line between Kim Tae-ri and Kang Dong-won
5,ㅐ미This is fun. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
5,The true heroes we've forgotten so much
6,I don't think it's a 9-point movie.
6,I wish I could express it in a calm and simple way. I'm not driving you too far
5,It's not the subject of the movie, but it's the level of drama that reminds you of the past.
6,Honestly, I know it's history, but...I guess it's just me and I got motion sickness.
6,I don't know how to write it because I haven't seen it
1,You have a lot of part-time jobs. Eat before you work
5,It's just a repetition of the same clichés...When Ha Jungwoo eats jajangmyeon with liquor, he doesn't go beyond his expectations
4,It's a boring movieIt doesn't come out in the era of Kim Young-sam, who became a political democratization, and why now? And there's no touching factor, and it seems like Busan is shaking for no reason It's a bad production
1,Aside from everything, it was shockingly boring when I watched it in a movie. honestly.
6,It's too bad that I'm just imitating the times.I wish I'd mentioned his real name more.
6,It's a must-see movie
1,You can't think of Park Jong Chul's torture or Lee Jong Kwon's torture? Oh, come on
1,Regardless of the fun... Was Park Jong-chul a human being in the category of ordinary people?
1,Overall, it's boring and I don't understand why the ratings are high.
2,As expected, Korean movies
1,It's not good... It's not good...It's not good
2,Han Sang-kyun of the Korean Confederation of Trade Unions came to mind as he watched the words of the left-wing regime's forced emotion
6,I enjoyed it Recommendation
2,I only slept the whole time I watched...
1,It's easy for young people to be biased without moderation: If the regime is going hopelessly wrong, it can demonstrate.But the over-expressions of the main characters and the hidden validity of the church are not reflected, and the helpers are portrayed as enemies of the war No vision of the times
1,Political movie. Fact is Roh Tae-woo, the president of Hoheon abolition system
4,Netherand's Spiritual Book in the Open Country of the Czech Republic
1,Fortress directors who make the current situation favorable only to certain tendencies.
4,It would be a big trouble if I learned history through a movie, so it was a little uncomfortable because it was too one-sided
6,Everything is a great movie
2,My heart is aching. You made a good movie. Good job.
1,I saw it in a fun place. Oh, my
2,As a movie, I don't get good ratings
2,Why is it silent in the movie that Park Jong-chul is a member of the Seoul National University's underground organization Constitutional Council Group, which aims to overthrow the nation due to the revolution around society? The historical judgment on the concealer of torture and death is over, but it is only incitement that those who dreamed of overthrowing the state are glorified only as democratic martyrs or good citizens.
3,Personally, if it wasn't good, it was touching, but... It's too obvious. The new elements of Korean movies come aggressively with the will to make the audience cry, so it's easy to get tired of watching such movies. I'd rather be like a taxi driver
6,I'm embarrassed because it's like an uncivilized country
1,Just go up to North Korea. Leftist pro-North Korea out. Out
6,It's heartbreaking and uncomfortable
1,It's just a North Korean incendiary movie. It's a red-hot movie. It's like it's going to hit 10 million, but it'
1,Why do you make such a movie when campaigners beat up innocent citizens and killed them? Is human rights the only human rights? ㅉㅉ
1,Yeah, I don't like it. It's just a movie
6,At the end, Kang Dong-won was so tense that it overlapped with a taxi
6,It's fun and touching to watch a movie with just one acting skill
4,Don't watch it if it's for fun
1,I slept for the first time in the theaterEven if the actors play separately, I'll give you 1 point because you make money with anger
5,There are so many characters. It's fun
6,I want to thank everyone. "When that day comes"
2,The movie, which was viewed only from one side of the trend of the times, is full of deterrence everywhere
1,It's not fun But if you make a Minju movie, no matter how trashy it is, your rating goes up
1,If you want to make incendiary films like this one, import some of the Western films that haven't been released in Korea yet
1,Fact: Except for those with political illness, 1987 was better off than now
1,It's not fun. Personally...
1,It wasn't that good. It wasn't fun ㅜㅜ
2,It wasn't as fun as I thought
1,I'm sick of these blatant political sick movies. Are you promoting North Korea?
6,I can't imagine there was an era like that.It was heartbreaking
1,It's not fun. I thought I was going to die of boredom.It feels like I've seen him for 4-5 hours. I couldn't relate to the emotional scenes and I couldn't relate to them in many ways. My discount point was such a waste. The purpose is good. The cast members were so excited about the plot. I'm so disappointed
2,a classic left-wing riot glorification film created by the change of government
1,I give you 1 point because the skill of making money is great.This is also a movie. It's zero art investment one
