뷰티풀 투모로우
1,horse-simulated farmer and herdsman southern farmer and herdsman energy
1,,,...,,.,,.。economic blockade planning of nuclear state macroeconomic development mode
1,Pippin's Scenic Lake Fever First Sea Freight
1,What is this? Get 1 point
1,It's just... pathetic.In the rating space where you say your evaluation...What are you accusing me of giving you a horoscope?It wasn't fun for me If you press "No," you acknowledge it's okay
1,Bba-soon, please get out of my way
1,It's a movie that can get 5 points, but the fans gave you a lot of points --
1,The rating is too inflationary
1,It's like a tiger.Child
4,Is the rating for real?
5,Singer Park Hyo Shin's song is so good. a wild flower on the side of the road
1,Are you kidding me? What kind of rating is 9.3 points?  If there are too few samples, fix the system so that it doesn't get in the rating.
1,How is the rating so high? I saw it and came back. It's definitely not this kind of money No matter how much you look at it as a song...This isn't right
1,The fans' hearts are going crazy...
1,I wish this wasn't a movie.
1,What is this? Why is it in the top?
1,Ratings... Go down
1,Korean movies are not fun.
1,To say it's a movie...
3,Poor Raphael...
1,It is OOO. I can't believe that this is more than 9 points;
1,It's a movie that's not worth watching or attracting people except for Park Hyo-shin's fans. I happened to see it, but it's a music video exclusively for fans of Cliché's childish story. Don't worry about it's okay.
1,Why is this movie rated high?
1,I can't believe there's such a thing in the top ranks among so many masterpieces
1,No matter how hard it is, it's not this
1,It's good, but this is better than ShawshankK
1,Mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom, mom
6,It's so disappointing. Why is there only one song for busking? If the local musicians lacked the capabilities, it would have been better if they had invited professional musicians to give them a sense of reality. It was a great view and a solid composition, but it's a shame that I heard it again
1,NAVER seems to be manipulating
1,Wow, does it make sense that we won first place
1,There's no point, so you have to give 1 point
1,Why on earth is it number one?
1,NAVER, do you think you can compare a movie that only 600 people rated to "Show Shank Escape"? The person who scored is on a different levelIt'll come out even if you manipulate it. Of course, I have to lower the rating, so I give you 1 point.
1,I'm giving you a point because it's a religious level. Is it a movie that goes beyond Shawshank's escape without destroying the entire ecosystem?
1,But the rating... No, I need to take care of it
1,Let's do it in moderation...
1,Honestly, Shawshank Escape should be number one.
1,No. 1 in the overall ranking is too much
1,I'm sorry, but I hope that the movie that everyone can relate to in the same way
1,Wow, a movie for Pa-soon
1,People don't believe in ratings because it's number one.
1,This is the number one movie out of all? --ㅡㅡ
1,Is this the movie that has the highest overall rating?
1,If it wasn't fun, I wouldn't recommend it
1,It's a good movie, but it has a high rating
1,It doesn't make sense to get 1st place in all movies, so I give 1 point to improve NAVER movies
1,There's no bad feeling. It doesn't make sense that it's higher than Shawshank's escape, so I'm adjusting.
1,The song is good. Only the song is good.
1,It's just one point. You guys are so talented
1,The score is too high. I'll give you 1 point without looking at itHaha
1,Let's not do that. Conscientiously, it's worth 10 points
1,Meong-meng-mung-mung-mung-mung-mung-mung-mung-mung
1,Everyone, please adjust the rating.I really like Park Hyo Shin's songs, but...It's not the first place out of Shawshank.^^
1,Let's adjust the rating. It's like
1,I'm a fan of the boss, but I can't accept No. 1 in the movie rankings.
1,The part-timers are so mean
1,Alba heaven, Albamon, people
1,Are OOOO crazy? It's definitely 1 point. Is this a movie?
2,It's not the highest score. Let's stop with the soup
1,Are you all Park Hyo Shin? Fan club? Score adjustment
1,Even for this, the rating part-timer...
1,We're adjusting the rating^^
1,What is this? This is the highest score... What's this?
1,I don't really like singing
2,I wish it was a movie that I could relate to more in our time...
1,This is really not it...How can I know that?
