그랜 토리노
1,We need to kill the part-timers. I've never seen such a trash movie
2,I got hit by Sue. I can't help but get a star
6,I saw it because it had a high rating.It's just for killing time.But I never imagined the last one
4,Honestly, it wasn't fun
2,It's too neo-Confucian.The acting is so artificial
6,The death of an elderly war veteran born of a shoddy multicultural family. And a cool gaze... This movie is a social complaint.
6,I've been putting in a moving element for the ending, but it's not up to it.
1,I honestly don't know why the ratings are so high, and Clint Eastwood has too much pride in the legs of Madison County. Refusing to age and trying to be cool
2,I don't think it's my type of movie. It's not as fun as 30 minutes.
1,kjliuuyi7it5i
5,I turned it off after an hour and 12 minutes. It's not fun. Boring. Make it 90 minutes in.
5,Then there's a lot of possibility that someone will feel the lesson and be moved, but not
4,As seen at the wife's funeral, the conservative old man, who was eccentric, stubborn, and blunt all his life, suddenly became a completely different person after only a few days of meeting with the Oriental family next door.The ending ends with a sacrifice of life.an unconvincing change of character, a dull and clicheI was bored and bored the whole time
1,Is this fun? Oh, my. Probable story, acting, racism, and everything is just the worst.I think the people who gave me a high rating are really trying to catch me if I'm not a part-timer. If you really gave me a rating like that, I guess you really don't know how to watch movies
5,It's a movie about American heroism. Stupid and kind Asians are passive in washing their hands, but a white grandfather appears to solve every situation
1,The most hate-for-cheek movie ever. I hate all the characters that come out. Religious people who keep saying don't come to me. I hate Mongolian men and women because they're nice to me, Mongjok gang, the main character's son and family. And Mongjok has a big mouth? A one-point movie for this crap setup.
6,A movie that needs to know the meaning, but do you have to choose a boring and boring story? Moong's performance also seriously hinders immersion. Even masterpieces can be boring. It's boring, but it's a masterpiece, so I don't have to endure it.
6,It was okay to impress calmly, but it seems like a movie that is more disappointing than changing.
2,Racism, American supremacy, and male supremacy are put into the frame of a man with guts and are trying to get away with it. Pax Americana logic of the American right. The shallow U.S., which cannot give up its lingering attachment to Vietnam and tries to win somehow, is stark. Vietnam to receive assistance in car refrigerators.
5,It must be a mistake not to hear it in English and to appreciate it with subtitles.Otherwise, this is the only way I can feel such a world-renowned movie. (It's awkward because they interpreted the Orient.) The ending scene and the music are very good
6,It touches and lingers, but it is true that it is boring.
1,I'll give you 5 points because it's a movie that others like you and I won't watch again after watching it's a movie like you
6,a blunt and eccentric old man But that doesn't mean he's a bad guy at all.
1,It's a very touching setting, but a conservative American grandfather who sacrifices his life for a Vietnamese child next door? No matter how guilty he is of the past Vietnam War You're risking your own life even if you do? Isn't that too unrealistic and excessive? aimed only at a touching ending
5,The front part of this movie is definitely great. But the latter part is terrible. So 5 points.
6,Oh my... Is it a movie that can get more than 9 points? It's a good movie
1,Eastwood completely unlikable -- lol
1,Vietnamese are so bad at acting.
6,I don't understand Clint's behavior or Walt's behavior.
2,a far-fetched human story, actor and director with a very dull sense
6,a progressive torrent of unlikable old conservative
3,I'm sorry to put a bad review on the movie I made because I wanted to impress you a lot, but I'm excited because I tried to include all kinds of topics such as family conflict and friendship beyond race conflict age difference. Also, if it weren't for Boring and Clint Eastwood, I'd be in the spotlight. The female lead acting is awkward again.
6,Well, it's not dramatic, but it's calm. The movie is so documentary
1,What's fun? Inspiration is a boring movie
1,Racist stories in jest made me uncomfortable to the end. It may have been a hit in the U.S., but it was an uncomfortable and boring movie for me.
1,It's touching, but it's uncomfortable because...There are so many American hero psychological films in the world. There are so many individual growth movies in the world. I don't know what's particularly difficult about this work compared to other works. ...not 9.18...about 7.8 would be appropriate.
6,My emotions must have dried up. ㅠㅠ..
6,I thought it was an action. It's kind of boring
4,Throughout the movie, you can see prejudice against Asians and Mexicans in the United States, and it is also true that there is an American supremacy that protects the weak. In addition, it is not very touching, but the bubbles are considerable. There is a good reason why this movie is only shown in America
6,Why is the rating so high?  Looks like the part-timers are out in groups. It was a movie that was unpleasant when Asians looked down on it
1,a rare Clementine masterpiece
1,What are you trying to convey? Which white supremacist patriot's enlightenment? There will be no sign of pretence, prejudice, or discrimination like Cint Eastwood. ㅉㅉ
1,I enjoyed all the movies with high ratings on NAVER, but I felt like I was tricked
4,Is this a movie with a rating of 9? The story is okay, but it's too boring. However, it is a very moving movie that lingers in my mind. A good movie except for the boring. Lowering the GPA
1,Famous paintings? I'm so busy eating and drinking. Gran Turin is an overrated movie, even if it excludes politics. Should I say that it is more a dream than a dream of those who dip into the water where meaning is created that even the director does not know. And the bottle Xs that call the opposite word of conservatism red still set up.
1,After hearing the coach's voice for some time with Mildalbe, the limit is also clear. White supremacist and bonehead Republican. Pathetic water polo clint Eastwood is about to die with a Cuban cigar in his mouth. He cursed. Bye.
2,I was really fooled by the score... Why 9 points??? I dozed off twice and barely finished it
1,I was tricked by the rating.
6,It's a good self-sacrifice
6,a fastidious but reasonable fastidiousness a snob, grandchildren Asian foot acting
1,To be honest, I didn't know where to be moved...Why did I doze off?
6,It wasn't good, but since I cried, 6 points
6,It wasn't funny enough.But there was a calm aftertaste
5,an out-of-out of the blue
1,The most boring movie in the last 3 years. If you are thinking about whether to watch it or not, please refer to it.
1,Is this fun? I slept
6,There's no man like him these days
4,A New Wave of Over-Emotional Emotions by the Old Family, which also glorified Japanese Imperialism as excessive humanism
6,I didn't know I was weird. I trusted the ratings and it's plain
5,He's very slow at breathing. It's not good for me to watch fast movies.
1,Oh, I'm so angry
2,I was taken in by a grossly cliche and sloppy storytelling rating wtf
5,a painting of a grandfather grinding his saliva
5,It felt good, but it was boring.
6,The movie itself is interesting. At the bottom of the movie, there is a strange intention like apocalypto
6,It's okay at the end, but why is the rating so good?;;
6,The lingering feelings that others feel... I don't really feel it. I'll study more and come back and watch.
4,Eastwood has taken it too far to give me the best of it
6,The touching message did not touch my heart yet. Asian acting, bad!
1,. About... 7 points would be appropriate
1,Disappointed... Disappointed...Disappointed
6,I had to put up with it for a good ending.
4,Only the last one is worth watching.
4,What is this?
6,The movie that I thought was an action movie is good but I was bored the whole time
6,It was a movie that didn't suit my taste for the unknown sloppyness
6,Is it easy to break the expectations of a rated rumor?
1,What a waste of time
1,It's a waste of a star. What did you think of when you made this movie? Working on your ratings?
1,Granthorino
6,It's a movie where exclamation and despondency coexist.Personally, it was kind of boring.
1,Retired works are so shabby and the ratings are so high because of the goal fans
1,Eastwood's films have been repeated... ...too far removed to reach a conclusion.
1,I'm sure it's a good movie, so I feel like I've been tricked by a rating.  It's not fun.
5,Chinatown, a taxi driver for veterans of the Korean War.
5,It's a work that's being praised, but it's actually tiresome. As expected, I have a popular taste
6,I'm not that nervous. That's my weakness
1,It's not funny at all...................
4,a rough world full of obvious and lies
6,a flat hit
6,I'll give you 6 points. It's so boring.Am I emotionally dry?--;ㅡㅡ;
6,Well, I don't think it's that funny...
1,I was just bored... ...I just slept... ...and it was a waste of money.
1,Did I expect too much? The rating is too high
1,It must be a good movie. But the rating is too high I don't think so
1,I wasn't impressed enough to shake myself... ...but it wasn't a single point, but the rating was too high
2,It's a good movie, but I don't understand why it has such a high rating.
1,Am I grown up?Are those kids who gave you 10 points childish?
3,Touching but overrated movie ratings need to be lowered
4,What's touching? Is it so touching to show you howling in the Korean War for more than an hour?
2,Boredom.
1,Grandpa, clean up the weeds in the east forest. I'm tired of your dry self-criticism.
1,It is somewhat lacking compared to the same 9-point movie. ex)Detailed composition of 12 Monkeys
4,"It makes me think about something". There's nothing else
1,I'm strangely boring. /...
6,It's not a movie that only thinks of box office hits. A movie that helped me think about death.
6,Why can't I just...
1,Bats... Personally, it's a waste of money. It's not touching, it's not fun ㅠㅠㅠ
6,be out of focus
4,The last one is okay
5,It was a small but boring movie with the name Clint Eastwood
1,I usually watch a movie before I go to bed, but I was so sleepy that I watched it for 3 days. This is a documentary!
1,For those who can't sleep, watch this movie. Sleep well, 100% boredom
1,I've seen a lot of masterpieces, but this isn't it at all... Do people who say it's fun know the meaning of die movies?
1,I'm touched. Is it fun? The rating is too high. One handful
1,Bubbles, go away... ...honestly, isn't it a nine-point rating?
1,That's an exaggerated evaluation
6,I'm sorry, but I can't see this action right now ㅠㅠ
5,It wasn't that fun. It was boring
6,Well.
1,To be honest, I expected it because the rating was high, but it was boring. I thought there would be a war scene;;;
2,Clint Eastwood...I've seen him from the dead line, and I can't believe he's filming such a broken piece
1,Don't look forward to it. Melo, action, fantasy, horror, thrill. I'll leave it up to you
6,Revenge for those who are not forgiven by Harry's reversed grandchild who returned from the wilderness!
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,It's nice to be touched, but... Why am I so sleepy?
5,I don't know if it's that fun...
1,I think it's about 7 or 8 points. Why is the rating so high?
1,I was tricked by a rating.
6,Boredom was inevitable
2,White supremacy...Disgusting.
4,I've been feeling the killing of my part-timers all this time.It's a forced... You should try to trick him
2,It makes me think a lot, but it's not...
1,I'm just talking about the director
1,A movie with 6 points... I give you 1 point because I have a lot of rating part-time jobs.
5,As if the score is higher than I thought, the story is the worst. I want to hide
1,It's not funny to me. The reviews are so clear
1,Are you all part-timers? Does this movie fit our emotions?It's touching and you'really? It wasn't me
1,I was fooled by NAVER's rating ^^ That's not funny
4,Honestly, it's not good. Wash your head, stubborn old man and a bald head
1,A good movie? But it's really not fun. Dirty Harry is better.
6,A movie that's not enough for me because I don't have enough time
5,It glorifies the heroic sacrifice of white supremacy in place of emotion.The hero is always white
1,I watched a movie with 10 points. The story of oriental help is clumsy and the glass fist... It's a lot more than death
6,spitting
2,There are a lot of "following the trend" and "you should be attacked." The movie company seems to be saving money on part-time employment.
1,I was looking forward to it because of the high score. This is puppy-like? Honestly, the rating for the 7th generation is appropriate
6,The message is good, but... The movie is too sloppy. Eastwood's insistence is palpable
6,It's been a long time since I've been caught in peace...Damn it ㅜㅜ
1,I made 15 to 20 minutes of action movies with gangsters into 2 hours
5,A predictable ending, rather than. Boredom.
1,Not everyone can relate
6,It's a pity that I'm trying to be too great
1,The rating is too high. I don't think it's a movie with 9 points
6,somewhat contrived and tasteless
5,Eastwood, is it too much to inherit the reputation of a million dollar baby?
1,I almost ran out of my seat, but I felt a little empty at the end.
1,a good movie to sleep in
1,You don't even know where Korea is?Did you sleep in world history class? I'm offended. This is worse than dirt
1,Korea? Where is Korea? The insinuation of Korea is still unpleasant.
4,Why am I so boring? I don't feel anything special.
1,I think it's overpackaged, don't waste your money at the theater, it's really boring All contents are previewed
6,Clint-Ong is not as good as Million Dollar Baby, but he's still charismatic
1,Our part-timers are the best. I can't believe it's 9 points. The director's name is so pretty
6,Boring movie... The ratings are amazing
2,When a person dies, it's always touching The bride's role is a movie commentary?
2,I can't believe I made this into a movie. Did it take a week?
1,Worst movie ever. Worst editing. Worst story ever
1,It wasn't fun. The beginning was so boring.
1,Worst movie ever. I have nothing more to say
6,I looked at the rating, and considering the calmness of the acting, 9.0 is too much
6,.............did you give a rating after watching the movie...............too many part time jobs...
6,This movie can't escape the cliché. But Clint, your life was wonderful!
5,It's boring without much content, but experts rate it as flattering as the human era
3,Why was I so bored?
4,This is a little disappointing. He's good enough to change people, but he didn't take a gun
5,Clint Eastwood's last hero of choice, such a classic thought and lesson.
1,How can I say? There should be an ending in front of a deeply laid out development. Not this one.
2,First of all, it's so boring and boring than other grandiose things. I really don't recommend it
4,I'm already dirty. So I have to go alone... His lonely monologue...
1,A film of white supremacy. Are you saying that American shotguns are still alive?
4,Honestly, it's worse than a Korean short drama. It's just a drama genre
1,There is nothing to see but Clint Eastwood. Deterrence and rapid development ruin everything.
3,What is this? I trusted Clint Eastwood...It's fun
1,Objectively, 6 points is enough.
6,Everyone, don't give me 10 points just because an Asian comes out, but think about why he's
5,Well, I'm just moved
1,Why? ;;
1,Yes?
1,The rating is up to date and it's not 9.2 as if it's bubbling. It needs to be lowered
5,an old man who communicates with Southeast Asian people and kills themselves Eastwood's last work?
3,It's just a normal movie
1,Do you really think it's in the 9 points range... ...not Lee Young-hwan at all. A movie that was neither touching nor fun
5,It was worth watching, but it was uncomfortable.
1,It's calm and sad. I want to give you 8 points, but I need to lower the rating
4,It's a little too high. It's just...
6,It was fun, but...The rating is a little too high.First place in the rating is Obamination. - -;;8 points is appropriate
6,It's a little bit touching, but there are many more touching movies.
1,I don't think it's bad, but I think the rating is too high
1,To be honest, I admit that the content is good, but the quality is too poor for the movie I made in 2008
1,It was a good movie, but it is not 9 points. Cutting the rating
1,Clint Eastwood, fighting!
1,It's a good movie, but it was weak for his work. It's too much to cover with the last 15 minutes.Inner view score 8.4
1,What are you trying to say? I enjoyed the changing, but Grantorino was bored and sleepy
2,I don't like movies... And it's a scam! There's no 9 points. It's definitely 10 points
5,I didn't think it was funny at all, but I don't think it was a trash movie.Story too simple
2,It was boring and boring.Is it just me?
6,Except for Clint Eastwood's harpooning, the rest...
6,Of course it's touching, but overall it's so boring and the episode is so feeble
1,The rating is quite fraudulent.
1,You're tricking me into logging in. It's obvious. It's a 9.4 ending rating. I'm looking forward to it. It's unbearable
6,Asians in the United States...
5,I don't think it's fun, but it's a good movie. Let's cut the score
1,Not bad, most of them have a 9.2 rating, but 9.5 is too much. Let's peel it.
6,Quiet emotion, smooth acting and production
1,I didn't feel like I was tricked by a part-timer I want to give you 7 points, but I need to lower the overpackaged score.
6,substandard acting skills. And there's something missing.
6,substandard acting skills. And there's something missing.
