리멤버 타이탄
6,I don't usually enjoy sports movies, but this was a good movie.
5,Why did Gary die at the end?
1,A familiar subject, direction.k.a. familiar production
6,It's a typical Disney family movie. The production and the script feel a little sloppy. Being able to see Ryan Gosling young is one of the attractive parts of the movie.
6,The story is so good impeccably... But the fun is, um... Anyway, the story is so good. The beauty of harmony and solidarity... But the fun is...
1,Just like Disney's movie, it has obvious stories and obvious emotional charms. Apparently, those who praise this movie are the kind of crazy over-rated low-quality domestic movies
6,It's a true story, but it's so obvious that it's less touching.
1,I'm so touched. I gave Grantorino, Interchangeable, and Other People's Life all 10 points, and this is a one-point movie. It should be touching to go beyond racism, but it was really childish. Childishly, black people reverse discrimination against black people and white people reverse discrimination against white people, so they go beyond racism.
1,Was it in 2001?I went out to the serious construction near Wonju Air Force Unit, and I saw it on the screen over the weekend...I fell asleep while watching it
1,급진적 단결은 그 반대의 결과를 ...라고 부른다.
4,I haven't seen a fun sports movie. That's not even true
5,Walt Disney quit live-action movies at all. What is this?
6,It's kind of an unnatural touching story
6,It's definitely a good intention, but I don't think it's a well-made movie.
1,It doesn't come out in the middle, so download it
6,It's obvious that it's a lack of individuality, a rather obvious story, but it's good acting and touching.
1,It is a movie that is more than average, but honestly, the rating bubble is too much.
1,have too many horoscopes You need to adjust it. It's about 7 points.I can't believe this.Say.
1,It's good, but it's boring.
1,It's good, but boring
6,Dirty discrimination, applause for attempting to overcome prejudice
1,I enjoyed watching it
1,Rating adjustment
3,To be honest, it's less than I expected, it's normal.
5,It's a touching and fun material enough, but I'm not impressed.
1,I watched it with a high rating ㅠㅠ Even if I die and wake up, it is not a work with a rating of 9.2.
1,The least interesting movie I've ever seen in my life. Touching? I don't know. A normal crop...
1,It's a good movie. Is Gary destined for a car accident?
1,Tsk, tsk, Denzel. Washington is a shame.
1,It's just a drama... Honestly, a movie that doesn't get the rating...
1,The person who gave me 10 points at the bottom must be the person who lives a boring ways.Hm, hmm...
1,I looked at the ratings and looked forward to it.It's just a calm drama.ㅠㅠ A movie that finds out that the ratings are not right
5,a sudden resolution of racismHuh Man-coach. Self-confident. Annoy.Gloryloads of the same kind are better
5,This kind of movie. It's so boring now. It'll be perfect for middle and high school.
1,I heard it's an obvious story
4,Obvious story
3,I guess I wasn't my type
3,Why is the rating so high? It might be more touching because it's a true story,
1,be no better than the 2002 impressionRacism is a givenThere are white people who have come to the present society
6,It's a good movie, but... I feel like I can't reach it...;;;
1,It's fun, but it's too high. Why does Gary keep giving you all the trouble?
4,I don't think I've felt a second of the thrill others have felt. Coach Carter and I have the same feel.
4,It's a forced development. I think it'll touch your heartIt feels like it's lagging in the middle of the road.
6,Maybe it's because it's a true story, but the story is plain and doesn't go deep
3,It was boring the whole time I watched it. Slow progression to obvious story.......
1,The kids will think it's fun to watch
1,I can't believe such an obvious story movie has such a high rating.
4,I was bored.
1,Honestly, I feel like I was tricked by the score...It's not like I had a lot of fun watching it...7 points is appropriate
6,It's good for an educational film, but...The delivery method is so straightforward and simple, so it's kind of tacky...
1,Hm.. LOL It's a good movie, but it has a high rating
1,It was a really good intention, but...
1,I think 6.5 is just right...8 points or more is too much
1,I don't think it's easy to keep up with the height of the audience these days.
1,a sports movie with an obvious story
1,I just don't like it
1,I can't accept this much application to this extent Let's get off, babies
1,Fooled
6,Killing time
1,8 points is perfect
1,I could see what would happen after watching the movie
1,It didn't hit me
1,Something's missing...
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
6,True stories are touching but boring.
6,their own harmonya palpable impression
6,It's a good movie, but it's touching...
6, average, ordinary, usual, normal, regular, general, common
6,The plot gives you the end... ...but it's kind of touching.
4,It's not my cup of tea. The results are obvious.
6,Coach Carter is much better.
1,1 point for people who call American football rugby!American football and rugby have similar ball shapes
6,I don't know the rules of football, so I don't like it. I was disappointed because I had high expectations.
6,a tedious development a well-thought-out piece of work
1,Eight overrated movies are appropriate.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
2,It's really a video movie. Did anyone watch this at the theater?
5,It's a touching family video movie.^^
1,I don't really...
6,A predictable ending to an obvious story. Shilmangimda.
6,Did I expect too much?Apart from race stuff, it's obvious stories and clichés.
1,Go down now
6,If a little power has been added, it's a shame to only express a story that seems to exist.
6,I watched this movie a day after I watched Coach Carter, so it was similar;;
3,It's a movie that's only for touching. It's so obvious that it's uncomfortable.Not recommended;;
3,A great victory...
5,I looked at the ratings... I don't know...zero
1,The rating is too high
1,The rating is too high. A film that should never be in the top 10 rating
5,...handsome
1,Top
5,I don't really want to remember.
2,It's a Disney movie. Garden gel's blandness...
6,I was tricked... What is this?
1,Why is this in the 9th? It stays in the 8th
1,It's not a movie that's worth 1st place
3,a moving film
3,Typical waistwood style with nothing to gain
5,It's interesting, but it's not a work to admire.
1,It's not funny
1,It's a flat work, nothing more...
1,It's not first place...Don't manipulate your composure.
6,I think other people's ratings are too generous
1,I don't want to
5,Honestly, it's a very obvious story. Decreased level ^^;
2,I downloaded it and watched it. It's a formality. Hooray for Shawshank escape
1,If it's a movie, I'll be a director.
6,A work that touched your heart in the most stable way
6,the power of sport to bring everyone together
3,Crowd mentality? Denzel Washington made this movie, too.
