시스터 액트
6,It's a battle between a third-rate female singer and a conservative nun
1,I feel the same way about the way to recovery and health.
3,The OST was better than the movie
1,a trick to succeed Clementine
1,I dozed off and watched it. 노What's a masterpiece?하기 IMDB 6.3짜리 trash
6,If we did the same production with the same theme in Korea, we would be criticized severely. Our country is too tolerant of Western films and cold to its own films.
5,Is the 9-point mark a victory for memories? Just a childish movie.
1,It's rated high. The story is boring and it's not fun
6,Religion and secularity cannot be considered separately. True religion does not alienate the world, but gives it a good influence. On the contrary, secularism also has a good influence on religion. I don't think I can give you a high score in terms of comedy, and you just have to remember these lessons.
5,a movie with a clear story
6,I can't forget Woofie's acting.
4,No funny, no touching. A fun life, a similar movie like School of Rock was fun, but this is not very...
6,Well, it's not as fun as it used to be
6,The song is good
5,It wasn't very interesting.It was a bit boring
6,It was exciting but not interesting.
3,The movie is entertaining with staff, actors, and some audiences. I don't think so. Why are you here?
6,a maximum of seven films
1,a third-rate music film
6,It has the basics of a movie with music, and there is no further progress.
1,The music is good, but the story is very poor.7 points is enough.K
1,It's not fun
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,I know --;
1,It's fun, but the score is too high -_-;
1,...how can such a movie be in the top 10 -_-?
4,It's fun, but it's not touching. The Pope is dancing? Oh, my...
1,-- What are you doing?
5,It's too high. I need to lower it.It's fun, but not this much.
1,This isn't right
1,That's ridiculous.
1,This isn't right
1,No way.
1,That's too much. It's higher than the secret I can't tell you.I can't believe it.
1,No way.
1,It's one of the best movies, but it's not strong enough to win first place. There's adjustment
1,This is ridiculous.
1,-_- I looked at the score... Disappointed.
1,I want to lower it, too
1,It's a good movie, but there are many better movies than this one. Let's lower the rating
1,It's fun, but it's not 10 points.
1,It's a good movie, but there are many better movies than this one. Let's lower the rating
1,It's jjamppong after all mixed genres.
6,As expected, it's fun
1,Why is this movie rated so high?
5,It's a black movie, but let's watch the movie, too
2, study, study, learn, pursue knowledge
5,an easy touch and laughter And good music.
1,That's not very interesting.
6,Woofie's protruding hips are so funny
6,It was obvious but pleasant
