스파이더맨: 뉴 유니버스
4,I don't recommend it to those who have precious eyesight
2,The Beginning of a New Spider-Man Parallel World!"Spider-Man is... How many more are there besides us
5,Wow... Spiderman. I hope this sequel comes out soon
6,From Konichiwa - ... It was fun but it got cold
2,It's not fun. It's frustrating and unlikely
1,More often than not, the rating is too high
2,I was so bored and sleepy a waste of rent
2,
1,Don't ever look. The story is crazy, the production is chaotic, my eyes hurt, and it's fancy, but I give 0.001 point to NJim
1,I almost threw up the whole time I watched it.
5,Easy animation to kill time
1,I hate racism the most. Black kid, Spider-Man?
1,I'm glad you watched it on TV
1,I shouldn't have introduced a Japanese character
4,Blackwashing is pretty disgusting
1,Irony that's not funny and highly evaluated
1,The ugly black guy is Spider-Man
6,It was a pity that the main character was so frustrating and didn't seem to show the characteristics of other characters properly.
1,Slow progress, unattractive and annoying protagonist.  I was frustrated and annoyed throughout the movie. The production is gorgeous and the OST is recommendable, but it is definitely not a movie that adults can watch. Recommended for elementary and middle school students
1,I don't understand why this is over 9 points. ㄴIt's not funny. I was dumbfounded when I saw a pig and a Japanese animation. If you like this, it's otaku or otaku. If you compare Black Panther to music, just jump at the coyote. There are a lot of part-timers. Most of the comments regret not seeing them at the theater. Do you prove that you are a part-timer?
6,The video color and graphic effects are great, but the production is a bit chaotic and childish. Japanese characters seem to be far from the video, so I thought they turned on the champion every time they came out. The story was a little childish, so I thought it was for children. In a word, it was a movie that showed off its technical skills. But I'm sure it wasn't before.
4,I picked the video beauty and OST well. I used to like Amazing Spider-Man and Trilogy Spider-Man, so I wonder where I put the Spider-Man character I knew. I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it, but I thought it was too much. If you like Spider-Man characters like Miles and Tom Peter, not the existing Toby Spider-Man or Andrew Spider-Man. It would be a fun, cute movie with pleasant eyes. Evaluation is a personal standard.
5,Welcome to the New World of Image Aesthetics
4,The visual beauty was good, but the story...
2,There's only video beauty
5,It was good because I could feel the visual beauty that I had never seen before, even though it was a fresh expression technique. The content was worth watching, but I felt like a Japanese character was forced into the middle, so I suddenly lost my sense of immersion. One character spoils the movie
6,The visual beauty is unique and unique, so it's fun to see, but the main character is so carcinogenic ㅠㅠ It's not a big problem to see it all at the last minute after not growing a bit ㅠㅠ
1,The style and emphasis are like reading a comic book and it's just a hero story. I bought it after seeing a good rating, but it was disappointing. After watching the movie, I couldn't understand the rating at all.
1,She's like a Japanese animation
1,The plot is really boring.Fans may like it, but it's not popular in Korea.
4,I believe in NAVER ratings
6,I can't go beyond Marvel.
6,I like them all, but why did you put Spider-Man on the robot and Spider-Man on the little pig? I don't want to
6,What's so funny about this? The development of the main character, carcinogenesis, is weird and frustrating
1,It's not funny. Why is it so high?
1,A rating of 7 to 8 is appropriate. Personally, it wasn't that bad.
1,Anime is not fun a split of personal preferences
5,The video is pretty and the story is new, but the development is so slow that it's annoying. I've been waiting for the main character to get stronger
4,It's a movie that's disappointing because it's not complete enough
6,I think it is the best Sony movie when I see cartoon rendering, character description, and excellent color. But personally, I think the probability of the story is important, and I thought this part was a little disappointing.
6,A unique video, a cliche story.
6,Thanks to the fans, you have a high rating. The color is colorful, but it's an ennisn story development.
1,Just the human body and Chinatown storehouse.
6,스파이더맨: Into the Spider-Verse, 2018
1,I bought VOD with high ratings on NAVER, but it's so boring that I'm going crazy. I watched it for about an hour and then turned it off
2,I was going to go camping and watch it, but I couldn't watch the movie because I couldn't see the screen mirror. I was going to watch it on a big screen because I watched it all at the theater, but I was annoyed that I should watch it on my phone
6,a fresh attempt, a new worldview, a cliche message
4,I'm a fan of Marvel Cinematic Universe, but this work doesn't seem to suit me. Honestly, I don't know if it's good visuals or the story... Except that I can see a variety of Spider-Man, I don't know.
6,I don't know if it's Penny Park or Munji. It would've been nice if it wasn't there
1,Fan service for superheroes
1,It's very hectic. It's very boring
1,All three Spider-Man are of different races, but of course, the East never uses men ㅉ
2,I almost fell asleep.What?
1,I didn't like it because I had high expectations
5,The well-made parallel universe concept, variety of characters, and vivid picture style are definitely praiseworthy episodes of Spider-Man. However, the ending duel scene, which seems to have been seen somewhere in Japan, and the past of each character made into a myth, is a cliché
3,It's been fun with the critics' scores.This isn't it...3D and 2D incongruity, and even dizzy screens -- but there aren't that many interesting scenes.
1,Nick, international law.
1,I'm distracted... The story is about defeating the villain's plot. I've seen it somewhere. I borrowed it from a parallel universe. I dozed off because it was childish while watching the movie
3,These three letters are enough! OK? Yes, yes
1,The fancy technique was novel and good, but...Whatever the video is, it's not fun.
6,It's not that funny why I watched this
1,The rating is too high; not this high
1,What the hell are you looking at that makes you fun? The movie is much better
6,Unique characters shine in a well-organized story, and cartoon expressions and textures are properly melted into animation to provide unique and creative videos. On top of that, it is a delicate song that evenly distributes nationality, race, and gender, and even makes a killing selection.
6,I know you worked hard to make it, but not my type. The color of the first video is really pretty
1,As expected, Spider-Man Homecoming is made by Marvel and has 7.25 million viewers. This is 720,000 LOL. Captain Marvel is 770,000 class Sony is ruined in 3 days. It's a waste of 1 star
1,Disgusting PC-worm feast
6,I'm not a mania, so I was sleepy while I was busy
5,The critic's review is over 8 points?? This??? Those stingy people?!
5,Am I a little different? I'm so confused about the video, but Annie wants something that she can't show in the movie, right, Erik?It's kind of repulsive. It's good to sense danger, but it's kind of colorful. It's kind of like writing boom! Wow! It's kind of... It's not my style.
4,It lacked immersion and fun, but it had a great effect
1,I knew why I had to take the Spider-Man copyright from Sony
6,Video beauty is perfect for stars...But it's hard to get immersed in the story. If I'd done more...It's a good story line, but it's not like there are too many characters. There is a lack of connection between characters.  The development was too fast and the finish was immature. It's a work that was disappointing as much as I had high expectations. Still, I recommend it
6,If I dozed off, the adults would be sleepy and the kids wouldn't understand. How could the kids understand time travel, dimensional movement?
5,It's just a cartoon that 12-year-old kids like
4,A picture book with no pretty content in each scene
2,At first, Japanese comics were so popular that it's a waste to give a rating...
5,I expected a lot because the rating was so good, but the story is not as good as I thought or the graphics are not superior. It's just a unique material.
1,I'm just throwing up. My head is dizzy
1,Why am I not funny ㅜㅜㅜ
1,Animation doesn't seem to suit me. I want to give you 7 points, but the score is too high
1,Japanese and piggies. The screen is so chaotic.
1,It is worth watching enough to give me 7 points. However, the evaluation of more than 9 points is too exaggerated, so I give 1 point to reduce the average. Someone said, "I thought it was buffering because it got cut off." I agree with that. I didn't feel much fun, but I don't know why they're going crazy because it's so fun.I'm sure it's made with great care
2,The story itself is just whatever, but why is it so funny?
6,Until the middle, it's too normal.  The second half was worth watching
1,I just wanted to...1 point to adjust the score
6,A multi-dimensional Spider-Man's life span. Dozens of people? It's actually not common in comedies, so it's like a bone. It's not a story that's especially new or more exciting than the comic books, but it's just an uptick from visual media to audio-visual media.
1,Only the screen is complicated. a dirty cartoon
1,Is the audience age in their teens? It's not this high; it's too much inflation, so I give you 1 point. 7 points is just right at the highest.
1,First of all, the main character was not attractive at all and he didn't seem like the main character, so he lost his sense of immersion, was bored, and the action was not good. Just 10 boring movies
1,Some people may like it because of its high quality, but the story is partly too harsh and Naver movie rating inflation is too serious
2,It's not a 9.3 rating, it's about 8.5-8.7 rating.
2,A rating of 9.3? Am I old?It's very complicated and crude... I thought it was a story.
5,You're overrated. You're like Spider-Man homecoming
2,Why did I screw this up? The main character is Am Black, so it's not that bad
6,The last part was fun because of the nonstop development, but the middle part is loose
1,Is there a part-time job in the comments? It was the worst for a fan of the original, and it was just the same for a movie
1,I think the average score of 7 is just right, but it's too high. 1 point
6,I'm talking too much.
1,Reporter, did the critics get the money?
4,When a Japanese girl and a pig came out, I was so bewildered that I couldn't concentrate
6,I feel like I'm being grabbed by a movie.I can't keep up
1,I wonder why I'm not attached to Spider-Man
6,Eye-breaking production and color. a boring cliché
2,Original Spider-Man - 18 Years Old Amazing Spider-Man - 15 Seth Spider-Man Homecoming - 12 Seth Spider-Man New Universe - 7 Years old and a half Boxy Gaekjin-r
6,The movie is okay, but the main character is so annoying. Bye!
5,The visual beauty is good, but overall, it's boring...It's just an animation for killing time.
1,What really like 10 points and Marvel people don't look.
1,Tie your shoelaces, please!
5,The video music story is lively and ingenious, but what part is interesting?
1,Otaku-sagi are excited He likes otaku and stuff
1,Video beauty? There are so many productions in the game industry. Maybe it's because it's a pig country that only plays online games, but people who don't watch Comics can't be fun
1,I was tricked. Damn it.
6,The multiculturalization and popularization of heroes.
1,Why am I black? It makes me feel bad
4,Just... Soljjik was not good
6,I don't recommend it to the extent that's all
2,It's going on for a long time. Why is it going on for so long?
4,I think those who have read comic books should go. There are all kinds of Spider-Man, but there were many places where I couldn't relate to the characters' lines because I didn't know them well.
1,This is the second time I've seen a movie like this in my life, after Kkangchi
6,It was hard to see even though I majored in art The visual effect was excellent, but the content was just not turning point and frankly not fun because I expected it too much. Why did I find Venom more provocative and funny. The character Miles is very attractive, but the story itself is not interesting.crying
6,It was worth watching, but it wasn't much.
6,It's a movie outfit with good colors It was good
2,I enjoyed watching itBut I didn't know it was an animationK
2,Hikiotaku kids in their rooms all over the country are excited. This is fun??? Yeah, it's only fun for you guys ^^
1,I was just watching it, and I got a star point in the middle. Thank you for fishing
2,Is this really a rating group?It's just that the movie is a hundred times more fun, loud, and painful to the eyes except for one of the lowest songs in the movie!
6,I expected Marvel's movie, but it was disappointing that it was not different from ordinary animation movies.
1,I hope you are careful about your plans to go with your children under elementary school to watch anime. I've never felt sorry for a kid because it's loud and boring
6,Hmm. This is 9 points? lol
6,I like the visual beauty.
6,It's just so-so.
5,I watched it with my 11-year-old son and he said it's boring.
6,Hollywood has all the latest trends. Like the latest Star Wars movie. Comics style production and Spider-Man brand power somehow lead.
6,2D of singing is dizzy
1,I sleep better than online lectures
6,If that's the case, for those who don't watch Marvel,
6,You enjoyed watching it^^
2,No fun, no fun, no fun
2,.... I can't believe I paid for this.I can't show you for free...
6,I'm bored... ㅜㅜㅜ
6,It's boring...crying
6,It's a movie that I looked forward to since the preview. It's fun
5,They say they like everything. Why don't I like it?
4,It's not fun at all. It's been a while since I dozed off watching a movie
6,It's a crazy feeling...
6,Everyone said it was fun, but it wasn't fun for me.I couldn't concentrate because the Japanese animation suddenly popped out and Kingpin killed Peter Parker with a one-punch. The good thing is that he did a great job in the action scene that can only be expressed in animation.
6,I was bored in the middleThe atmosphere itself is hip and thrilling
6,I think it would be good for children to see
6,I can't concentrate and get distracted as time goes by.
6,I enjoyed itIt's good
6,The visual beauty is great, but the universe of spider humans is
6,The movie is really good I can't deny the beauty of the movie and the characteristics of the background sound character. But I think it felt a bit loose. (Personally...) And the story was fresh and frustrating.
1,Sleeping pills...ㅇㅅㅇ
1,It's different for everyone, but... Four of us went to see it, and four of us said it was really no fun. Dozed off in the middle
1,I was completely fooled by the rating. More than movies, cool sleep.
1,I was completely fooled by the rating. More than movies, cool sleep.
6,I watched it with my kids, and it seems like it's not an interesting movie for them
5,I dozed off because I was tired ㅠㅠ
5,Similar to homecoming, it wasn't as fun as other Spider-Man movies.
2,It's the first movie that came out
5,Hapjeong Rothy] In the endless broth of beef bone, the beef bone Spider-Man, and now several Spider-Man in the parallel universe, met. Other than that, the story of overcoming the ordeal of the confrontation with the villain and finally winning is the same, and I am disappointed in myself even though I know it. It'll come out again, right? Will we see each other again?
4,The whole thing is so chaotic and chaotic 7 points would be appropriate
5,A movie worth watching. I remember the supporting actors Spider Gwen, Uncle Parker, and Uncle Miles more than the main character.
6,It was pretty good
5,He's pretentious and talkative. It was boring and childish.  As for the animation, the Grinch I saw yesterday was much more interesting.
5,I don't want to see you anymore when you're a critic
2,If it was the worst, I would have been very crude, I would have written a lot of comic books, and I didn't like the dull background in Brooklyn, a black Harlem, and the music that black people would likeI think black people might like it
6,Art is awesome... I was a little sleepy... Let's not look at it as 4dx. It's so stressful
2,It's kind of... That's true. But it's not boring
6,At first, I got in trouble because I was sleepy. In the latter part, it's just that's about it
4,I heard the preview is sweet...Although it was different,
6,It was nice to see you with (G)I-DLE♥♥
5,I certainly don't like Annie
6,It's an animation, so it's not very realistic.If you like realistic situations, you may feel the same way.
3,Was I the only one who didn't have fun? I don't know if it's because the story is over and it's a rare cartoon in Korea... It wasn't very tempting and it wasn't fun...
1,I don't want to see Black Spider-Man
6,I thought you were a Marvel fan. I don't think this is going to be fun.
6,It's not as interesting as the rating, but it's just time-consuming
6,It was just like that. It's a little hectic, but I'd rather be Pixar. There are mixed likes and dislikes.
6,Was it too much anticipation because it was it too much anticipation? Not bad for Annie though.
1,No answer, no fun, stress, bread. Hang in there for an hour. Patience limit
6,It's Annie anyway, so if I had gone for a more cheerful action...Taking advantage of Annie's strengths and weaknesses, he used distracting graphics and dialogue balloons
6,It's very stylish, but it's not my cup of tea.
1,It's really fun! Good! Go for it!
6,My eyes are happy There are humor devices all over the fancy screen. I didn't get bored
2,I was fooled by the ratings, so I looked forward to it, but it wasn't worth the money! I feel like I'm watching 100 sweet potatoes after eating them.  It's the worst!
4,Worst... Wow, what is it? Are you all part-timers or Spider-Man fans?--ㅡㅡ
1,a giddy and disgusting
6,Kids find it really funBut I really didn't like it
6,It would have been more interesting if it weren't for cartoons
1,Why do you make Elves black?
6,I don't think animation suits me
6,I don't trust the critics anymore about Annie's ratings
6,The children will be satisfied with the background music, but personally, I dozed off in the middle because I didn't like it. What's unfortunate is that it's a normal story. The good thing is that there's a moral message that children and younger generations can be the main characters themselves...
1,It's not fun. It's a waste of money. I've never seen a movie like this
1,How can this be more than 9 points?LOL Are all the school mealworms here?
2,It's so chaotic...
6,I just did it like that's all
1,I fall asleep while watching it. What's wrong with the rating? It's good
6,Just a normal movie?
6,a movie with a lot of Yankee sensibilities
1,I was looking forward to it because it's a black Spider-Man+anime, and it's not worth watching unless you're a Spider-Man fan
6,Everyone says it's less fun, but I've been watching pop art videos for two hours. The music was good.  I think it's because I'm used to movies that focus on stories
5,It gets kind of crude from the middle. The appearance of a Japanese high school girl gave me shock and cringe.
2,I'm distracted. I was sleepy in the middle. I like animation but... Did you have to make it seem like Sony by appearing the main characters of Japanese anime? It doesn't fit, it doesn't need to be set up. Still, I think there are a lot of part-timers
6,I'm a Spiderman fan. I don't recommend it. A work that never saved Spider-Man's character.
5,I like the Spider-Man series.I didn't like animationcrying
5,Does this make sense? Put down the drug lord Swing Kids and stuff. It's only been released a week
6,My son in the third grade of elementary school likes it.I was... I don't know. I was sleepy.
1,I guess the comments are all part-time jobs. It's a waste of money, the video is bad, it's loud, it's fun, it's not touching. It's an emotional business. It's a waste of money
2,Yeah, if you're not going to watch it, or if you're not going to watch it, don't watch it. It's boring and childish. Spiderman's part-time job
6,I was just like that, maybe because I didn't enjoy Marvel, I watched it with a light heart, but I enjoyed watching it from the beginning to the middle, and then I slept at the end :(
6,It wasn't bad. It would have been more fun if I knew the previous ones
1,It's almost a little by the way
1,It's a movie where you can think about the importance of money
4,Why do you become a gold ball just because you'really?
6,The graphics technology was very good, but I felt that it was fully utilized because of the lengthy and boring story. It's fun until the beginning, and after that, it's just family-oriented Shinpa and promiscuity
6,It was fun! But since Japanese pretty girls came out, it felt like otaku
6,It was fun! But since Japanese pretty girls came out, it felt like otaku
1,Obvious development, awkward character, this is fun?
5,No... Are the comments sincere? It was hard to watch.
6,It was worth watching, but I don't want to see it again later.
1,It's my first time watching a Marvel movie
6,Did you expect a lot? I thought it was okay at first, but after the middle... What do you want me to do?It's hard to understand what they're talking about, and it's childish for adults
5,It's fun, but it's not so great that I want to recommend it to others.
6,Is it because I only saw good reviews? It's a story that's so predictable. I liked the setting that various Spider-Man came from different time and space, but I think it would have been better if five Peter Parker came than the similar Spider-Man who seemed to be in a mess
2,Personally, homecoming is more fun. Did I expect too much?
2,The people who give this movie five stars...Are you serious??? I slept well for the first time in my life
1,I trusted the ratings and the audience ratings.I don't know how much part-time job you've done.It's about a third more than the movie.I even fell asleep during the last battle sceneinsanity and dizziness
5,The audience is surprisingly large on weekdays. Only good stories...It's not like Eni, it's complicated and complicated. It's not fun because I'm not a talkative and stylish Spider-Man
6,I fell asleep. Hmm. I think elementary students would like to see it
6,A man who determines whether he is young or old.I'm old ㅜㅜ
4,It's worth watching until three more Spider-Man come out.
2,How much part-time job did you get? Why is your score so high?I went to see it because I heard it was fun, but I didn't know where it was funny and the process was so fast.The music and video are really good, but the story is bad.
1,Oh, it's chaotic. I wanted to go out because I saw people going out during the movie
6,a movie made with elementary school sentiments
5,I don't know why this has a high rating.
2,I don't know why it's so high. I'm telling you...My eyes hurt so much in the future
1,What's the funniest thing? Honestly, it's chaotic and childish. I saw the clock 10 times when it was over.
1,Black Spider-Man in the multicultural era.  It's new, but... It's just a children's cartoon. I throw away trash, break windows, doodle... It's a shame that there are many contents that make the crime nothing.
4,It's well made, and it's really good at comic effects, and it's colorful, but it's not fun. There were people who left in the middle and I was wondering why it wasn't fun.
1,I didn't know it was an animation, but I failed.
1,It wasn't fun, but it became less fun when 3 more Spider-Man came out
5,In short, if you are sensitive to bright lights, please wear sunglasses. If you mix various animation techniques, CG techniques, and many techniques with ordinary content, a new taste comes out, but it cannot be said that the taste is good.
6,It's definitely fun, but I was really sleepy like I took sleeping pills. Why is that?
5,I was watching and dozing off. It's boring and obvious. Fps is trying to make it look like a comic book, but it's so frustrating
5,Anime with likes and dislikes. It can be somewhat busy or dizzy, and the cliché setting can be boring. It wasn't my cup of tea. It was boring.
1,I don't like the fact that black people are the main characters. They're white people
5,Is Annie? It's complicated.  I'm going to listen to the OST
1,Make sure to watch it. Sleep well. If you feel better, your tiredness will go away on the weekend
6,Spiderman should suffer from the hardships of life, companionship, relationship, and the cold weight of reality, but this movie is too bright and positive. It's perfect to watch with children.
1,I'm sleepy. Park Pyeongsik's bad purple
1,Sorry. It's my first time falling asleep while watching a Marvel movie
6,Everything else is good, but the frame is so bad.I got in trouble for being upset in the beginning
1,I just saw it and came out. I desperately felt that I could make this trash by mixing Peter Parker with Miles and Gwen.I looked forward to an animation movie that was comparable to Disney's because the rating was good, but the majority of the 500 people who scored were part-timers...I look forward to next week's Aquaman.
1,It's my first time to fall asleep while watching a movie. I usually laugh a lot, but I don't have a point of laughter. My eyes hurt and I'm out of my mind.Is it Spider's name value that's popular?
2,It wasn't fun. If you're going to watch it for your son, you can't go with your kindergarten kids No dubbing. I'm dizzy
2,There are a lot of part-time jobs. I slept a lot
6,I know it's a good video, but it's so chaotic
1,Yes, the next elementary school... Laurent and M?h198484738
4,It's different for each person, but it's grossly boring.
4,It was boring... It was so chaotic. .My eyes hurt.
1,Oh, I'm dozing off. I thought my eyes were going to die because of the fluorescent video.The story is obvious and the Japanese character comes out of nowhere.
6,It's so chaotic. It's fancy
1,Honestly, one point is a waste.It's so distracting, it's the worst movie I've seen this year
2,It's not the best Marvel, but Blue Marble. I can't watch it alone Make a reservation right now
1,It's so boring. I was so sleepy
6,Makes me want to go to 4dx for the first time.That's it
4,It was like watching LOL's video beauty. It's so chaotic The colorful colors were impressive, but I couldn't even think of anything. I put in a lot of shaders, but...  It doesn't get on well
2,I got caught in the rating...Phew, I've been waiting for the cookie video, but you don't have to watch it.
2,It's so boring.It's so hectic
2,I felt like I was going to be a total psychopath. I don't want you to take the kids.
6,I couldn't concentrate well because there were many Spider-Man members
6,Honestly, I was disappointed. Is it because you got a high rating? It's colorful, action scenes, music, and it's definitely unique. But it's an obvious story. Childishness. Anyway, it's a bit distracting. It's definitely a movie that a Spider-Man fan would like
1,It's worth watching in the beginning. And the moment Japanese girl Spider-Man and Pig Spider-Man come out, it's a dog's mess; is this really funny?
2,Great music video money. What a waste.
2,You're not going to the theater after watching NAVER movie reviews
1,Quoting the science of quantum science, the worst film wrapped in the latest Spider-Man but only causes vomiting because of its hectic screen development
2,If you're sleepy, it's like reading a comic book
6,Elementary students found it difficult to understand
1,They expected it. It's lower than I expected
1,I thought it would be fun, but it's not fun
2,That's the level of kids
5,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? I guess I'm too old
6,It's worth watching for killing time!Don't ever look forward to it and go see it!!!It's definitely not as good as the reviews here, but it's just as good as it looks
4,If it wasn't that funny, the plot was obvious and the directing was fancy.So it's chaotic and my eyes hurt. She's developed as Annie, but...The story was so cliche
3,I don't know
1,I'm angry at myself even though I saw it yesterday and left a rating
2,After the Japanese girl character came out, it was hectic and boring -- so I left the theater.Why did you put Japanese girl in it?Very bad-natured --"
2,I like animated movies. Modern times... This is really...I don't know why Japanese animation came out... The color effects are distracting and the story is childish and obvious.I saw it because the rating was good, but I regret it.T
1,I can't concentrate because I'm too distracted
2,I can't believe there's no Korean dubbing
1,I understand all the compliments, but was that Japanese little girl really supposed to be you? Why do I put a different picture from the one in the movie? Whenever that character came out, I was so immersed and cried.
6,It was chaotic and distracting.
2,I don't understand that Marvel, a movie that lowers the reputation of the existing Spider-Man, allowed this kind of film to be made I really enjoyed homecoming.
2,The words overlap with Bohemian. This cartoon isn't a perfect score
5,It's flashy but distracting. LOL Kid's
6,Hip movie! I watched it without thinking, but time flew
1,Stop it. I'm not kidding
1,Sonny, thank you for the parking ticket S, S, Parkman. S, S, S
1,This is a 9.2 rating? It was like watching a Chinese movie with a really cliche and predictable story. I guess there's a part-time job in the comments.
2,It wasn't fun because I was looking forward to it after the reviewEven a seven-year-old isn't fun to the way he wants to come out
5,It's a bit boring in the middle. It's a bit complicated
2,Only those who like this kind of animation can go
2,I didn't have enough screen time
1,The worst Spider-Man movie I know...
2,Spiderman's generation change!The thrill of Spider-Man's live-action movie has been pushed back by comic imagination.It's full of flashy advertising spots!  A movie that I watched while dozing off for a long time!
2,I think it's the worst movie you've had a hard time
2,There are a lot of part-time jobs. It's hard for kids to understand
4,I saw a comment, but I fell for it. I wonder why Spider-Man has become so childish these days. I think elementary students will like itThese days, I miss Tom's time in Marvel and Toby.I don't even know what I was doing because the action scenes went by so fast
2,I saw the reviews and thought it was fun, but I slept in the middle
4,I don't know which one is more racist or politically correct, a white, blonde Spider-Man or a black-dyed Spider-Man
2,Goosebumps after reading the comments? I'm going to go see it
2,Picture style, composition, the world's distracting, distracting, eye pain, headache. Japanese animation characters that don't fit in suddenly and pigs suddenly pop out and this is fun. What is this?Ugh.
6,repeatedly sleep and wake up on time
2,I thought it was 10 years ago. Two hours of deep sleep
6,It's good for a killing time movie
4,A fierce and a very busy. 화면에집중하다 눈빠지는줄알았음. Later on it at all eyes closed.We have a number of Spiderman, the korean because the hero was much too is a lack of water.
1,I didn't know there were so many part-timers.
4,The comments are amazingI watched it with the members yesterday. What is this?I don't understand how a rating can be this good.
6,I want to give you 3 stars
1,I threw away 8,000 won Take it back
6,6 points is just right!  It's childish and boring!
1,I'm a good viewer, but I've seen fewer animations and the worst yawn ever. He doesn't even write reviews.
1,Gwen, I give you 1 point because of Stacey
1,My eyes hurt and I couldn't understand the story. I thought it was fun and I was fooled It's flat
4,I don't know if there are a lot of part-timers. Never think of more than eight points of fun. boredom and near sleep
4,I thought it would be fun to see the ratings, but personally, my girlfriend was really boring, and we ended up watching it and then came out in the middle
6,It was stylish and it was worth watching
1,Not even a star... Let's never watch it
6,Personally, it's kind of boring
6,It's hip, but for comic book fans... It's a childish story, but clap for the spirit of experiment.
1,아오....,,,,
6,I didn't expect much. It was fun It is a good movie for elementary school students because it was 30 frames and my eyes hurt and my head hurt after watching everything
1,The most boring movie I watched recently. There are so many good words in my rating that I wonder. If you want to choose a movie, please refer to it
4,Honestly, if it was too childish, the story
4,Only the Spiderman process and the song of Honest Miles are good. The video itself was so chaotic and the story was worse than the Incredible
2,It's too much of a sudden when Spider-Man comes out. Is it a friendship appearance?lol
1,Jordan 1 Origin Story Spider-Man didn't get chosen, so I want to give you 0.5 points, but the lowest one is 1 point, so I'll give you 1 point
1,You must've been a part-timer.I was going to come out while watching, but I held it in because it was a waste of money.Teletubbies will be more interesting.crying
2,It's not fun and I feel dizzy
6,Low-budget Annie vibes, wasted characters, samspa action sequences are much heavier and better...Why is this bam? Is it a stylish bluff?
6,Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it so much
2,I took it after the exam today. I wondered if this was a movie. I just wonder what I saw until it was over. And in the second half, there was a ridiculous misunderstanding about making a baby, so I thought I was watching Avengers 3 again. I'll remember the caption, Hwang Seokhee
6,It was okay. It was goodc
1,I'm so bored if I slept ㅠㅠ
1,It's no more fun than Spider-Man Homecoming.
6,Robotic Capoli Tayotayo feels more immoral and dynamic
2,I was disappointed because I got a GPA I'm not nervous at all, I'm out of my mind, and I'm most disappointed in the movies lately with a strange rating
1,Don't watch teen movies in your 40s
3,If I wanted to go out, is it just me?
5,It was worth watching, but it wasn't that popular
6,The sights were spectacular and the music was good, but...I was bored and yawned. I went to the movie after I saw the rating, and I looked forward to it a lot. Maybe because of the high expectations, I thought about which part of the movie was good and if I was weird, but some men were sleeping next to me...
1,I wasn't funny ㅜㅜ really
2,Because of Japanese Kerik, my girlfriend is sleeping because it's not fun.
6,There are many people who like or dislike it
1,You know, Hollywood's obviously going crazy and leading a movie with a black guy. Look at the Hollywood movie these days. Is there a hit or not? Do you know why? Because they were isolated from the beginning of the capital of the Jjanggae, the influence of the PC bugs has increased, and now they can't do anything and will often be ruined
2,I dozed off and just came out.
6,It is a work that announces the birth of the second Spider-Man, but it still reminds me of Peter Parker.
2,I don't have much fun
4,Don't give such a sudden feeling between characters you didn't even catch.Honestly, I understand the synopsis to a certain extent, but it's so cheesy... a synopsis for children I don't think the action is that... It's too quiet. It feels like it's been filled with effects. Action that's not as good as the real thing.
6,It's worth watching, but it's not a big compliment.
2,My eyes hurt... No fun ㅜㅜ
4,The character that came out in the middle is not very...crying
6,It's not bad, but... It's chaotic and my eyes are tired when the video goes by quickly
6,One Spider-Man is enough...
3,Maybe it's because I saw the preview?
2,Oh, I was the only one who wasn't funny.
5,Each scene is like a pop art, so the visual beauty is pretty good, but it's a little too much, so it's often a bit messy, and I was very disappointed that it's a story of youth growth that's too obvious. I can't give you a point because it looks like you worked so hard on it. 5 points ㅜㅜ
6,It's worth watching. It's like "Amazing Spider- But there's a very childish side to it.It's not bad
6,I watched the critics' reviews and previews because they were good, and I thought I was going to die of money, time, and boredom. It was so bad that my girlfriend, a Marvel and anime fan, refused to watch the cookie video and left. I'll give you 6 points because you like the visual.
6,The fun of meeting Stan Lee... And lastly, the cameo...Sony logo is coming out a lot.
6,The directing was really cool and nice, but it's just normal. It's kind of uncomfortable to have Japanese characters
2,It's not fun at all. I'm refreshed
6,It's just... it's like a cookie box.There's a lot, but there's nothing to eat.
4,To be honest, it's all over the place
1,Annie needs to be filtered out. I'll give you 1 point.
6,I made use of the strengths of animation, but it's not easy in terms of art
1,Take a look~~~~~~~~~~~I have no regrets.
2,I watched it early in the morning and it's my first time seeing such a hectic movie The most boring Marvel movie...
2,6 years old and 7 years old, can I watch it with my child? Is it cruel or violent?
1,A movie that is below expectations and childish for adults.
3,It's not my cup of tea. It's not my cup of tea
1,I don't understand.I saw it at CGV Masan in the evening. The release date is December 12th? A lot of the underrated comments I saw yesterday were deleted all night, even the low ratings I wrote... I don't know how to understand.
1,I don't want to say that it's not fun. It's messy and a waste of money
1,It's not fun. Why is it spring?
