라이온 킹
2,The story is good, but it's a shame in terms of fun
5,The least interesting Disney animation. a very tasteless defense of the conservative monarchy Still, the coup song of the black lions and hyenas was good.
6,Hercules, light compared to Beauty and the Beast
6,In the words of the tyrant, it's miserable
1,We can give one to repeat customers.
6,It's a masterpiece, but it's bound to be labeled a plagiarism of Leo the Prince of the jungle for the rest of his life.
5,Except for the opening...It wasn't as good as I expected
2,I can't download 676545535677. It takes too long to download34
6,It is absurd to evaluate the 1994 work now, but this work, which I was only Simba at this time, has become Mufasa now, is just so. If you take out the emotions from the beginning and the end, it's okay overall. Except for religious courage, the lessons that enlighten nature and self-reflection are good.
1,Worst Annie to belittle hyenas. It's like a racist idea. the projection of trash whiteism
1,It's not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
6,I like Simba. Simba is cute.
1,It's not as good as I expected
1,I'm going to look at Tarzan. Seriously
6,The last memory of the animation King Disney's heyday was coming to an end
5,A film advocating classism, heredity, and patriarchy that advocates Hamlet. I felt nauseous the whole time I watched. brainwashing by the name of childhood innocence But nevertheless.
2,Disney animation that I saw in English class when I was in high school. It's a bit childish for adults to see and feel like Pixar animation. Not bad for children to see
1,What's wrong with the resolution? I can't believe it
1,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMb9TGLuNac#The weak animal is loyal to the strong lion. It's annoying to stress that the reason to be king is not because you did something well, but because it was decided at birth. The establishment is likely to like it. The music is not good and there are few interesting parts. It's the worst Disney animation.t=163
1,Stagger, Code Gear, and Sofion are more masterpieces than Lion King
2,a conservative and lazy animation There is a lack of philosophy and stories. Except for Simon and Pumba's songs and characters, it's not a big deal.
1,If only I had a boss.
1,A movie that says, "My son is 10 years old and I told you to watch the Avengers."
1,Why not?
1,It's a serious rating
5,Children's animations that are worth watching for children
1,oh no
1,The cartoon is about you
1,Look at me
1,not much
1,Giroud
1,I am bored... My younger brother said that it was not fun and asked me to go out... I should have watched another movie...
1,It would have been nice if the story was a little different. My nephew was bored.
6,It's a little boring
1,95 points for boring
1, a horst.
4,I expected it to be 3D, but it's just the old one. Totally disappointed...
5,Will the movie I watched on video when I was a senior in high school be fun? It's a movie that's been more than 10 years
1,I was blinded by money, so I came back with the title of 3D
4,Open this as 3D. Conscientiously, the only way I can see is to open the original one or get called and get paid
1,Then
5,I was bored, I almost slept.
2,be not very interesting
5,not very interesting
5,Content: Perfect visual beauty: Confused rather than 3D; not enough to recall memories.
6,I watched it at the theater with my child to make memories of a masterpiece. 3D doesn't come out much.
1,It's all personal, but I'm not funny. I slept. The end
1,You're gonna get a lot of money, you're gonna get 3D for the branches, and you're gonna get a 3D price
5,What's the point of re-release the same story?
6,It wasn't that funny. The story is the same as before 3D.
6,To be honest, the rating is too high. I don't think I needed to see it again. You don't have to make it into 3D.
1,One point cycle. I slept while watching the movie. How can it be the same?
1, short,  brief
6,Oh, my. I didn't know it was the same story.Gone with the Wind Black and White -> It's not even a color plate, why...
3,Am I not a childlike child ㅠㅠ Honestly, I think it's not an adult movie. It's not funny
3,It was fun, but I saw it in the past, so I wasn't impressed when I first saw it
6,Honestly, I was disappointed to see it in 3D. I wish it was just a memory.
6,Not only doesn't it feel like a 3D movie at all, but it's a dreary color...
1,Why is this 3D? If it's just the Lion King, I'd give him 9.5/10 points, but...
1,It's not that...
4,It's always the same pattern, and 3D is like 2D. Disneyland's angry is like 3D
1,나빠
1,It was the most 2D movie I've ever seen. The t-shirt that I made in a hurry
5,It's fun, but the story is obvious and I don't feel 3D. It's like taking off your glasses
5,It was really good when I was young.By the way, Lion King 3D? 3D?......
1,The OST is good, but the 3D image quality was so bad. (Sighsigh
1,That's too much of a detailed description. I was really looking forward to 3D, but I was disappointed.
1,Let's re-release it and not do it
1,It's far away
1,Not funny
1,Carpei Temukan
1,This is Ddobom
6,I think number one is the best movie. If you watch it again, it's a bit boring
1,It's not like this
4,It's a 94-year-old movie and it's being released again I like TV these days, but I strongly recommend watching it at home
6,I saw it in Australia two months ago and the name 3D is not good.It's just like an old movie ㅜㅜ
6,It looks a lot like Goguryeo mythology. A movie that comes to mind when you think of the meadow and the magnificent sound of sunlight
1,imperialists
6,I miss those days.
4,It's just for children
1,That's what happened
1,If you listen to the OST, you will sing a child's song, but it's not good for children
3,It stimulates childhood innocence and justifies American imperialism with abominable fatalism.
1,It's not fun
1,It's too high.
1,That's so elementary school
1,Please read a book called Sanwangburu.
6,It was a representative work of Disney, but it was boring not too long ago
1,Bored... good for kids to see
1,The rating of the cartoon subject is too high.The national team is the best!
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's not fun
1,As expected, Annie to me... I've been patient with part one, but... The 2nd part is
1,I hope you watch it again when you become an adult.
1,It was so childish.an incomprehensible rating
1,I'm flattered by the high score...ㅠ.ㅠ
1,It's...
1,Annie's limits.
1,I don't think so
1,Personally, I don't like Annie
1,That's what cartoons do.
1,I don't think this is right.
1,Not this one
1,It's just... It's not this score
6,It's not funny compared to fame
5,Leo, the king of jungle, plagiarism?I'm already starting to get tired of Disney animations by this time.
1,I saw this at the academy and it is not interesting compared to what I saw at the academy.
6,It sounds like dream and hope...
6,Simba is not fun. Timon and Pumbaa are fun
1,It wasn't fun
1,Optimus is the best
1,Just.
1,The world is a Bahá'í.
1,It's fun, but it doesn't make sense
1,Actually, 7 points
1,I enjoyed watching this too and I have a tape at home. No. 1 is not it
1,the worst
1,Totally childish
1,Honestly, I don't think this is number one.It's getting childish.
1,The first prize belongs to Megatron
1,I wish Lion King 2 was more fun...
1,Monster Inc. is also doing it because it's so unfair
1,I was bored watching Japanese plagiarized trash, so I yawned
1,I guess only 337 people watched this movie. It's just that kind of movie
1,I don't really...
1,Not really........
1,It's just...
6,It's a good story, but it's a cliche
6,The best music that supports the obvious story.
5,It ended so quickly. The story is too simple
6,Disney's masterpiece, "Beauty and the Beast," is the second best movie
6,a cartoon with no difference
1,I saw this and went to the zoo and ate grilled lions
6,I don't like it
