극장판 짱구는 못말려: 격돌! 낙서왕국과 얼추 네 명의 용사들
2,I think it's the worst movie ever. Villain has no characteristics. Not just villains, but Yoomin who works with him? I don't know if there's any special characteristics of kyudo, I don't know if there's any princess, and there's no movie. It's not touching at all. It's a picture that's too touching. Let's not watch a movie that's more crude
6,Is there a big story like the 10th movie version? ㅜㅜ These days, it's too childish
4,It was a shame that there were too many characters. And these days, the movie version of Crayon Shin-chan has a character who keeps holding onto his smartphone, so his immersion level is a bit broken... I was disappointed because the story was so shallow and touching and sad
6,Even if the quality of the production has improved, the story, touching, and fun don't seem more natural than before, or... Maybe I'm too old...
6,I'm an adult. Of course, I'm an adult, too
6,Doodling. Iseul's hard carry.The development of the mountain and the second half of the Zimzalabim style drawing song are so cheesy that even elementary school students can't watch it
6,Cute Crayon Shin-chan and the big devil who can't help but cheer up
2,It's not Shin Chan anymore. It's like an animation.Just an educational animation for children;;
6,B-rated emotions. I'm a bit disappointed.
2,What kind of movie is this?
5,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it. I think it's a bit childish among the Shin Chan movie versions. But the message was clear, so I liked it
6,It can't be compared to the previous ones. It's too old-fashioned a journey to compete with ideas alone and an empty story. There's a humor point that you can't laugh at. When did Shin Chan become a masterpiece with only poo and fart jokes?
3,This... This?
4,Crayon Shin Chan, stop talking about Iseul. Kindergarten students are not already going to face evaluation and body evaluation.You, the king of the beak, the king of the beak. Is it interest-free on credit card installments?
1,Normal boring waste of time
4,I really liked Shin-chan in the past, so I was looking forward to it, but it's a shame compared to the past ㅠㅠ I hope Shin-chan can laugh and laugh from the beginning to the end. But I always like Shin Chan, so please make a good one
1,I really liked Shin-chan in the past, so I was looking forward to it, but it's a shame compared to the past ㅠㅠ I hope Shin-chan can laugh and laugh from the beginning to the end. But I always like Shin Chan, so please make a good one
2,It's less touching than the previous movie version ㅠㅠ ㅏ
6,It's not a bad thing, but it's a shame.
2,After the dung, he was attacked a second time.
6,ㅠㅠ Are times too different to be moved by old theatrical versions now? ㅜㅜ The scene where the scribbles sing... I felt like I was watching a children's cartoon like Pororo The elements of gag, lines, and paintings become too childish and educational. There must have been a reason why it changed from 15 years old to a full viewing ㅜㅜ I miss you Crayon Shin-chan from the past ㅠㅠ
1,What's this?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?I screamed when the yoburiburimon came out ㅠㅠ Oh, it turned upside down It's not fun. Bboong Bboong
2,Don't ever look at me more than the senior grade in elementary school. I'm so touched that I lost 11,000 won.It's the least fun movie ever...I can't believe it.I don't know what the purpose is, and I'm confused.
2,It was really childish and below expectations...
4,It's my personal opinion It's so obvious and boring. I slept while watching... I think the kids will like it
5,I think my expectations were too high. I don't think there's a movie version that goes beyond the adult empire yet
5,As a person who liked the old Crayon Shin-chan sentiment, he didn't have much fun. Everyone has a different perspective, but it's good for children to watch.But it's very disappointing for someone who has loved Shin Chan in the past. I thought that the story was made in such a hurry that it didn't fit the characters that I didn't know why. Crayon Shin-chan is the best when he's with his family and the Tteok-leaf Methodist School, but there are so few elements. There were few funny elements and touching points.It's not bad to see it once, but as a person who loved the Shin Chan movie, I don't recommend it
3,the most far-fetched theatrical edition
6,It's more fun to play Shin Chan on "12 Gold Crayon Shin Chan".There's no such thing as a joke or a fist fight, so I'm very bored in the movie version.But the production went very well!
1,It's a shame to see this in a theater
6,I think it's the most childish movie among the Crayon Shin-chan movie versions
1,The movie version, which was amazing but was the most boring
6,It's fun, but compared to the Shin Chan movie version that came out so far, it's a bit childish. Should I say it's a picture quality? Should I say it's a picture style? It's too old-fashioned? Maybe it's because the quality of animation is so good these days...!! Still, it's calm and worth watching. I don't think you need to watch it in the theater
6,It was so nice to see Shin Chan again this year
4,The Crayon Shin-chan series, which has no "fun to endure discomfort" such as violence and sensitivity such as beak dance, honey chestnuts, and fist-spinning, no longer stimulates childhood memories. The Crayon Shin-chan theater series, which collects only boring narratives and childish fun for children, suggests that there will no longer be a masterpiece like the Adult Empire. The censored culture can no longer develop.
6,
1,No, it's really not funny. Why is everyone saying it's fun? It's ridiculous. It's Jjanggu's Bba-soon, but it's the most boring movie version. Jjanggu can't dry up. Turn off the sleep. It's a mess
5,I saw a sophomore in high school, and it was childish and dumb. I don't know if it's fun, but the connection was weird. I just lost my mind and watched it. Kids love it
1,Insincere commercial film. I saw it in theaters that it's not even the theater version.
6,Crayon Shin Chan redrawn with innocence
1,I think it's a contradiction that Shin Chan keeps coming out.What's the number of Shin-chan right now?
2,Ha...I've seen it since I was young because I'm getting older...Or is it a matter of art?It's interesting in the beginning, but it's down in the middle and the late...
4,Some decent theatrical levels were expected, but perfection was almost at rock bottom. Humor focused on dirt is not funny, and Shin-chan's unique exaggerated and exaggerated characters and stories are somewhat disappointing.
