빅
3,The rating is so high that I give 3 points for another movie.
5,I turned it off after an hour and 24 minutes. It was a little interesting at first, but boring. The movie has to solve everything in an hour and a half. And it is not healthy to say that the people who are not even dry in their hair saw the teacher's chest, and that the underwear is flower-patterned. Susan is too lewd.
6,I guess I can't... Even though his body is an adult, his mind is a young child, so he couldn't concentrate on the content because he thought "I shouldn't do that" whenever he touched the heroine. I wonder if Josh's birthday wish was to be an adult
1,7 points. Honestly, it's not fun to get a grade
1,If I saw you when I was young, I would have fallen for you
1,No matter how good you look at it, it feels like my hands and feet are cringing.It's so childish.
3,Looking at it now, it's not an adult but a real fantasy to be a vice president
6,When I was young, I wanted to become an adult soon.
5,It's a movie, so imagination is free, but it reminds me of the leap forward...
5,Being an adult means that you should be able to smile without showing off even if you don't like it, don't show off even if you're angry with your child, and that you have to take responsibility for it because you do it your way.
6,It would have been fun if I watched it when I was young, but it's not fun now
5,Just by looking at the back, it's Gong Yoo. Ah, it's in vain
6,It was fun in the beginning, but in the latter half...
2,It's just childish
1,A boy playing with a toy?It would have been nice if it was comic except for L.O.신.E scene
3,These days, I don't like fresh stories about fun stuff, and Tom Hanks' store has a lot of crap
1,In the past, I enjoyed watching it, but now I'm yawning
4,It's just a human comedy. Elizabeth Perkins... radiate one's charm
6,I think it's because it's a movie in the past. It's very childish and touching. It's not funny.
1,Male and female love, great toy youth movie past never comes back
1,It's not fun
1,It's fun...lol
5,A movie with a dream and hope
