폴란드로 간 아이들
3,
5,It deals with topics such as Kim Deok-young's "Kids of Kim Il-sung" in a more emotional way. Except for the fact that there were quite a few South Korean children among orphans, almost the same information and plain production.
1,Is there a spoiler included in the review?
4,The biggest problem with the movie is that it is unclear whether it is a lapodacue for children who went to Poland or a trip to heal the wounds of Cho Sang-mi and her companion, Lee Song. Even the wound is not clear in the drama, which is what kind of wound it is, Cho Sang-mi says she suffered from depression after giving birth, and Lee Song says she has a wound during the defection process, but I don't know what she's trying to say about the movie's theme.In less than 80 minutes, only about half of the children went to Poland, and there were many documentary screens produced in Poland in 2006, and most of them were small scenes such as wound healing or travel, except for local coverage and interviews. I don't know why the Auschwitz coverage scene came out in the documentary about children who went to Dodecce Poland, why they put the close-up shots of insects and grass leaves at the train station that the children said they got off, and the connection between them is dust.Personally, I prefer a documentary that is light and excludes emotions as much as possible, so it was a pity that I approached it too emotionally even though it was an interesting subject.
6,Sangmi, I'm always rooting for you
2,a glorified film of the Reds
1,kjluytydurs
1,우지큐 유골.
1,베이징항공 금토체인원체육인
4,an emotional movie
1,Should I sympathize with North Korean orphans?
1,Compliance with the Human Activities Act 1234
1,A movie is a movie. It's not a documentary juice
6,I thought it was a movie I watched, but I waited until the end to start.I'm incredulous that it was shown for money
1,Among the children who went to Poland, there are many children of senior officials and party officials, not orphans. The privileged class took over the orphans' seats because they thought it was an opportunity to study abroad. This is what I checked in the paper. Did you check it out and make it into a movie?
3,I don't think it's enough to put it up in the theater^^
1,ㅅI'm sorry...
1,Is this a real graph? A woman in her 40s. She's a Korean woman who's 80/90 years old
1,It's not a masterpiece. It's not a masterpiece
6,The material and purpose were very good, but the ambiguity, editing, and composition of what I was trying to say were very disappointing.
1,That would be better than this!
2,They had to choose between North Korean defectors and children's stories more than 60 years ago. I feel like I used a subject that was difficult to comment recklessly. If I had looked at the Polish documentary and investigated it afterwards, I should have learned more than that, but I was just giving away the bean powder that I spilled behind me.
2,I didn't watch it because there were people
2,a film of no particular impressionable
2,Wow, that's a lot of money. It's a waste of time. Don't do this
2,The topic is good, but the composition is very distracting and not good. I felt like I was trying to force myself to talk about Song-yi, and it wasn't good in many ways.
3,Everyone got up as soon as the movie was over.
5,As soon as it was released, I ran to watch it with my parents. The movie was good and it was touching But there were some things that I could edit in the middle. Things like "Song, hurry up and come here." Things like TMI... I thought it would have been better if I took out the real thing
6,Forgotten history, where were our war orphans then?
2,The director is wearing a beginner's t-shirt. The content is distracting, and it's unclear what he's trying to say.It's not very organized.
1,It's kind of uncomfortable to be on a documentary
2,It was far from culture and art.
1,Are there people who watch documentary movies at the movie theater? It's a nuisance to other movies to show it to a few thousand people There's only an empty coffin, but going straight to iptv will help this movie
2,Looking at Songyi, North Korean defectors are funny. South Koreans take two slices of bread and throw it away without giving it away? I think there are too many preferential treatment for North Korean defectors. Send me to college. Get me a house. Those are all taxes for South Koreans But you're not going to share it? If you're so unhappy, go back to the North.
1,war orphans to Poland
