엽기적인 그녀
1,According to the rating list, if you give 1 point to a movie, you all press the opposite. Pathetic. Memories of those days are memories, and the movie itself is women, men without concept, and...Mojala looks so childish that it's not funny
2,I thought this movie was childish at the time. Jeon Ji-hyun was just so pretty at this time, and Cha Tae-hyun and the two were popular. It was a movie by Jun Ji-hyun for Jun Ji-hyun. When all men's ideal type was Jun Ji-hyun...
1,Looking at it now, it's definitely childish. I can't relate to it because it's the current generation Women are self-righteous, free-spirited, and good at acting
2,I think it would have been fun at the time, but seeing it in 2022 is so boring and I can't really relate to it except that Jun Jihyun is pretty
2,Childishness is really boring. I guess it's because I watched it again in 2022
1,There are parts that explode in the middle, and the characteristics of the main actor are clear, but the camera composition is not good in the movie, and I don't know what I want to show, and the narration seemed to show the movie in a comic way. It is a well-known movie, so I thought I should save it, but it is too much lower than I expected.
1,It's a waste of time to rip and dry if you see it. Maybe because it's an old movie, Jun Ji-hyun's role is not that interesting, but he only cares about himself and does everything he wants to do. Cha Tae-hyun's narration was the only thing he liked about the movie. an old-fashioned film
1,Twenty years ago, a man was a dog
1,It's so childish.Even middle and high school students these days are childish, so they'll turn it off quickly
6,Coincidence is the bridge that fate lets go to those who try. If you don't try, you don't have legs! The message was good, but there were a lot of scenes where it tasted badcrying
1,I don't think I saw it at the time, but now that I see it, it's really...
2,Why isn't this rated R?
1,It's not good. I saw it before, but I thought it was a really selfish girl character and it wasn't funny.
1,Is this fun? What's the standard for Joseon guys to be funny and sad? I don't understand at all
1,I didn't watch it because I didn't want it when it was released. I watched it just in case, but the OST doesn't match me is a masterpiece
6,
6,
6,엽기적인 그녀
6,An epic or of Shin and We can safely say, but Jun's appeal as much mse chiteukigeup ost, Cha's "The" scene is enough to fill.
1,It's a movie that came out when I was in high school, and I thought that women are normally like that. Men must be nice to women and be pushovers! If you think about it like this, it's a movie that doesn't matter. In 2020, Gyunwoo is just a pushover. A movie made by a man born in the 80s. A movie made by a girl made of kimchi. That's why 3040s are running wild
2,A Typical Kimchi Girl Breeding Original Film
3,Perfume in the 2000s, and our young first love.But it's not fun at all right.
4,If you go to Nate version, you can read a lot more interesting things.
1,It's a waste of stars. When I first saw it for 20 minutes, I thought it wasn't right. Realizing that watching all the movies is a waste of time. In the case of 'Lucky', don't kill yourself even if you're a humble supporting actor and your parents are barbers, but live hard because you have parents who believe in you and wait for you. There's a lesson, but there's no such thing. I've seen this movie compared to your wedding and architectural introduction, but it's not comparable.
6,It was not so good when I saw it in theaters at the time of its release, and it was not good to see it again after 20 years, but it has all the shortcomings of Korean movies that cringe until the early 2000s, but strangely, it cannot be thrown away.I'm satisfied with the original sound tracks of Jeon Ji-hyun, Cha Tae-hyun, and Shin Seunghoon. If you revise the content as the original novel ends and remake it with actors with good acting skills, a good work will come out.
1,I looked forward to giving a point because it was too high, but there is no pity that I can't feel any love between the two of them. Jun Ji-hyun was a new actress, but her acting was awkward and she was not that pretty. In the second half of the first half, there is no meaning, just watch the extension Shin Seunghoon's song and forced situation It seems to be a movie that became famous because of some scenes
1,The rating is too high.
6,The story is not natural and boring... an impromptu movie
1,Out of nowhere, a female character who was acting weirdly turned into a pure cartoon character. It is a pity that they are trying to fit comic, touching, and bizarre code. If the gangster's wife was touching and funny, this movie would be fun. If the bizarre girl 2 had come out in that era, it would have been a similar hit.
6,No matter how pretty she is, I don't think I can meet her...Scary. I feel bad for Cha Taehyun.
1,It's definitely not a movie with a rating of nine. This is just a movie story that Jun Jihyun and Cha Taehyun did. It's not fun. I watch it to see Jun Jihyun's face. This was the prettiest time
1,It's not funny. It's just bizarre.
6,Just looking at Jun Jihyun's prime,
1,This is by no means a point. I want to give 11 points.
5,Is this a masterpiece? I don't know.
1,It's a funny movie
1,What the hell is this? jQuery22407068649792745352_1518632162954?
6,Jeon Ji-hyun's behavior in the drama was so strange
1,I think 0123456789 needs to be adjusted, so I give you 1 point.
1,It was only childish, but I don't understand why the rating is high.
1,Canon is such a waste for this movie
1,123123123! Is this really fun? You don't want to reminisce?It might have been fun at the time, but it looks pretty childish now. 123
1,It's the worst movie ever. You're crazy, you're crazy, you're a movie sucker
3,Only the OST is good. Money is really... No, no. This is
1,It's a waste of a star. The story is a mess when Jun Jihyun keeps coming out
4,Jeon Ji-hyun's beauty is the most memorable. I've seen a lot of reviews called Legend, so I thought I should watch it someday, but I don't want to watch it. I don't understand any of the emotions of the characters, maybe because they didn't live in that era.
1,Just say that Jun Ji Hyun is pretty. A low-level movie with 9 points for Jun Ji Hyun
1,Considering the OST and the scenery of that time, 6 to 7 points is appropriate.I'm sorry for BXQ's spicy chicken. I paid 1,100 won to look back on my childhood memories.
1,It is a movie that satisfies the emotions of generation X and seems to be out of touch with the emotions of the present era for a long time. The reason why this movie has a high rating is because it is a memory movie that really uses memories. Jun Ji-hyun's beauty is much lower than now.Out of the blue, why does the deserter K-1 firearm change to another gun in the middle?
4,It's a full-fledged movie about a woman with cast.k.a. cast.That's a jerk, it's just a movie?A movie that taught women what delusion is. But it was fun and a precious movie that reminded me of those days.Jun Ji-hyun was also very beautiful, but the aftermath of the delusion was so big that 4 points were given to her
1,I just didn't like it.
1,It's like watching Younggu and Ddangchil. What's so funny about this?
2,To be honest, I watched the movie with high expectations because I heard it so many times, but the content is like an internet novel, and there is no particular touching point. All I can say is that it's childish. Only one of the best facilities in the world is impressive; was it a groundbreaking movie in the movie industry at the time?
1,The rating was higher than I thought, so I wanted to lower it even a little bit!
1,It's childish because the times have passed a lot.The bizarre girl 2 is more complete.It's a whole bubble. I can't believe this movie is the representative romance comedy movie in Korea. It's the same level as George 19. Objectively, it's a three-point movie
1,It's hard to watch a movie in my right mind for more than 10 minutes. 9.3? Korea is crazy. Is that weird?
1,The past glorification is too severe. The current rating is not fair.
1,A movie that only Tteolttak likes
1,It's such a nuisance to see the heroine for 30 minutes
1,Do you eat?
1,I was surprised to see the score, so I give one point to lower it even a little.
1,I don't think it's a good movie these days
1,Korean women are going crazy with this movie. They look like they're omniscient beings.
1,The movie that makes you feel dizzy... In the end, Gyunwoo is just a pushover who likes her pretty girl
1,The story is so weird. It's a movie that I watch with Jun Jihyun
1,I don't understand. If you called me on the subway and hugged me, wouldn't the relationship be settled? Suddenly preparing for a breakup? No, if you're not organized and you don't want to date, why are you running out on a blind date and you're Gyunwoo! It's stuck. Let's just try it first
2,No one gave me 2 points, so I'll give you 2 points
5,Romance movies are not good, but they are worth watching
2,It's a movie that won't come out until '80s
6,Modern version of Gyunwoo Jiknyeo Romance, which is composed and sentimental
1,Are you kidding me? I was treated like a reggie movie at the time, but it's glorified that it's been 10 years. Can I laugh at my favorite group, teenage guy?It's a starting movie that mass-produced a low-class romantic comedy, and this is a nine-point rating? LOL
5,It's a good movie to watch while smiling. But it's a movie that's embarrassing to recommend to others
5,There's a lot of foam.
1,Ha ha, just a typical third-rate Korean movie
1,I didn't want to see the heroine as a freak and almost psychotic  Zooms who feel vicarious satisfaction for treating Nam Joo are ratedIt's on top of course
1,Too bad I can't give you zero points
1,It was really boring from the middle. I don't really adjust the rating
1,It's so boring
1,The commercial garbage film "The Silly Situation," which induces the audience to only stimulate the emotions of the script that does not make sense, feels pathetic rather than funny.
1,a strange movie that only made women's fantasies big
1,How bizarrely childish!
6,It's obvious and tacky. I saw it because it was around 9 points, but it was a waste of time
1,Your rating is too high. It's a movie with 7 to 8 points.
1,To be honest, the script is OO, but the OST saved...
6,A movie until I was in my 20s.
1,It smells bad
1,Didier
6,It's not like a movie with 9 points
5,I see a lot of signs of trying to be funny. It wasn't that funny. I don't think it was my cup of tea.
6,I enjoyed watching it when I was in middle school
1,It's boring from start to finish
5,The movie that made Jun Ji-hyun famous. A movie that women would like.
1,Now that it's 2012, it's very boring, I can't relate to it, and Jun Ji Hyun is pretty
1,It's boring, boring, boring, it's boring
1,It's too far-fetched and cringe-worthy
6,What's wrong with NAVER's plot spelling?
6,Good feeling
1,Jun Ji-hyun was lucky.Thanks to this movie, I was able to move into Prugio in Samseong-dong
1,That's a really incomprehensible rating.
3,Would it have been better if I saw it when it was released?
6,Jun Ji-hyun's comprehensive gift set for 2 hours
3,By the way, after watching my movie, I want to face the director.
3,It's a movie that you don't have to take the time to watch.
5,It was worth watching
6,Fun and funny
6,Jun Jihyun is pretty
5,It was fate that she and Gyunwoo would meet again. The parody of the shower was the funniest
5,Some combinations in the ingenious original were attractive, but overall they are distracting
6,When Jun Ji-hyun was the most attractive...
6,Disappointed at the time, disappointed at the time.No emotion, no understanding of the heroine
6,They were just pretty and cute, still looking at them now.^^
1,It's been a while, so it's so childish and I don't understand Jun Ji Hyun's behavior
1,Clementine's rating is 9.19, but her bizarre rating is 9.14 feet.As expected, Clementine is superior
2,It's not a 9-point movie. It's just time
2,I was bored because it was childish because I watched it late. Jun Ji-hyun's acting wasn't good either
1,Are you kidding? Is this fun? Ah, so childish and sloppy. --19 woman
6,If it weren't for the deserters, it would be four stars
1,Totally trash...A clumsy touch, a childish development...This movie made me hate Jun Ji-hyun
1,I was just like that.
3,I was just like that, yuck.
1,Wow... Why do you like such a boring movie in your life?
1,Director Kwak Jae-yong's limitations.
6,Jun Ji-hyun is so pretty ;; a good movie to kill time.
4,The best movie of Jun Ji-hyun... To be honest, it's not in the 9-point range.
3,KWAK JAE YONG, blow yourself up
1,It's just a normal movie. It's similar to a gangster wife. The film, the fun, the box office.
6,an ordinary romantic comedy with no surprisesI don't understand why they're so enthusiastic
1,Jun Ji-hyun, come out and say you give me stars. I can't believe it. -_-
6,I can't help but love her
1,It's amazing that it's a box office hit
1,It is still doubtful how it was successful. What's wrong with the rating?
6,The movie I enjoyed watching at that time
5,It makes me laugh in many places, but I don't feel it. Comedy is worth watching.
4,It's not funny at all right.Is this fun, elementary school students?
6,Not much. It's not a well-made movie.
2,an overrated film The story is not very interesting. It was just a trendy movie
1,me going against the times
6,Is it high because it's just a Korean romantic comedy? It is compared to "Knowing Woman".
3,Jun Ji Hyun is pretty, so I'm Lee Jeep Soo.
5,The movie that made Jun Jihyun worry about commercials forever
2,I somehow managed to do it.
6,Well, I managed to...
1,the tragic epitome of Korean cinema
1,It is funny that this movie has a high rating.
5,나빠
5,The epitome of Jun Ji-hyun's character
5,It's not that bad.
6,Everyone says it was the best, but I don't know. Usually...
5,I don't want to be hit. GFRIEND or whoever.
6,Except that Jun Jihyun is pretty, she's very childish
5,be omniscient and omniscient
1,There is nothing to see except Jun Ji-hyun.
5,A novice actor named Jun Ji-hyun's one-man show
1,The movie that only Jun Ji-hyun can see was boring.
1,I didn't like Cha Taehyun's radio since then. The movie is also sad.
6,I think it was a movie that fits the trend at that time...It's not that I enjoyed it...
6,A movie that fits 100 points in generation and time, but the movie itself doesn't hear anything
1,The rating is too high...Not this much...About 6 points
5,It's so childish.
6,Why didn't I like it? I just don't like it.
5,A movie that was worth watching.
3,When movies and directors have an eye for trends = Top contributor to foreign currency revenue.
1,If you're pretty, you'll be forgiven
3,Comedy and a little bit of a new wave. Can't you just push it forward as a comedy?
1,not much
5,I wasn't having much fun. =_= Well,
1,It's childish jjamppong
6,Not really........................
6,It wasn't good...
3,Cha Tae-hyun's downward spiral after the movie...ㅠㅠ (Add Imagination+)
1,It couldn’t be worse.
1,I was bored to death A trash movie that leaves nothing
1,We know the level of Korean movies I don't know how to make this crap movie
6,It was fun... I don't remember
1,Look at the dog!
5,It wasn't very bizarre, but it was an unforgettable name for the male lead.a good friend
5,The best character. The rest of the popular element is too overrated.
1,Jun Jihyun's rice bowl
1,Rubbish movie, I hope there will never be a movie like this again.
6,Let's see each other freely
5,Why is this not fun for me? Others say it's fun, but I wasn't fun;;
6,It's comical, but it doesn't leave me in the heart.
5,It wasn't very funny.
1,If Jun Jihyun doesn't look pretty, a movie that makes you angry
1,I was so annoyed.
5,A five-point movie...
5,Let's stop with the weird score
5,Just the first half
5,I didn't like it. crying
4,Maybe it's because I didn't watch it at the theater. I didn't think it was funny.
1,-,.- Honestly, it's really childish...
3,Childish, chaotic, forced laughter... box office success only because of Jun Ji-hyun
2,Is this the essence of Korean melodrama? It's so bizarre!
5,Is there anyone who hasn't watched it yet?
6,It wasn't very interesting to watch. If you look at it again, I think it will go up by 2 points.
4,I don't like this movie. Is it because I'm 14 years old?
6,so, that
3,Jun Ji-hyun is pretty. Jun Jihyun is pretty...
6,Jun Jihyun's pose!
1,Only Jun Ji-hyun is pretty.
6,lack some persuasive power It's too simple
4,"Type B GFRIEND". The latter part came out, right?
2,Should I say it's boring?
1,Nonsense story. Childishness. He's so bad at acting as a deserter
1,a ridiculous film I'm surprised this works.
6,I thought it was going to be touching at the end because it was romance, but it was awkward
1,the last straw for modern women without femininity
3,I don't know what's funny about this, but...
5,I don't think I'm compatible with Korean comedies
5,A movie that seems like a dream! And a movie that's just a dream!
1,It's just
6,a well-made film based on the original
6,A music video for Jun Ji-hyun.
1,a movie with an IQ of less than 80
1,Honestly, this is 9 points?
1,The extreme of childishness... Elementary watching movie;;;;;
1,It's embarrassing to call it a movie...
2,Is this a movie?
1,Just a funny movie
6,a good movie to kill time
6,Childish. But Jun Ji-hyun is pretty.
6,I'm bored more than -_-
1,a boring movie, a movie that fell short of expectations
1,It's not fun at all.
2,It's a ridiculous movie.
3,A writer's novel? The content is a little wrong with the department
5,A contrived coincidence. It's far-fetched.
5,Well, just a fun movie.
3,Jun Jihyun, are you happy?
4,Kwak Jae-yong's production brought him back to life
6,It would be funny.
1,A very childish movie, I can see the quality of our country
1,The content of the movie is not good. I was not sad at all.lol
1,A zero-point movie. It's not worth talking about.rubbish
1,I don't like movies like this!
6,LOL Just laugh and move on...But it's a movie that makes you think a little bit
1,Why do I have a high score?Isn't that too much? It's just a welcome
5,I can't believe we're still getting a rating.
3,I don't think it's...
6,I thought it was fun back then.Come to think of it, it's childish
1,I always do this movie on TV
5,The one who made the cheap movie.My love's a jerk, that guy, and so on
1,1 point thanks to Jun Jihyun
1,What the hell is funny?
4,I wasn't having fun at all that fun
5,It's fun. It's nothing more
1,..is this funny?
3,It's fun. It's comical.
3,I can't give you more than 3 points. It's worth 1 point.
1,Well...obyte pressure -_-
5,Who do you think I'm a year old?
2,It's not fun.
1,Even if I watch it 10 times, I don't like it.
1,Is this fun?
6,If it weren't for Kwak Jaeyong, it for Kwak Jaeyong...
1,It's so fashionable... It's so obvious that it's salty
6,It's just so-so
1,Why am I not funny?
6,Love brings happiness.
5,Fun and touching!
6,one of the few movies that is like a jewel in the Korean film industry full of OOOO
