보루토 - 나루토 더 무비
6,It's been a while since I last saw you, and now I see you drawing Hinata Munet as a cliff.Minus a pair of stars. The producer is not sincere.Oh, and it would have been nice if Boruto could have helped in a pinch situation for a while, but taking him with me during a battle is also a setup that supports Mojala's last hit, so I'll give him another two points.I feel like I made the story without thinking about what the producer was thinking, just like other theater versions were boring so far.
5,
6,Boruto should have finished the movie version neatly and not come out.
1,I was watching Disney animations, and seeing things like this makes me look like trash because I'm watching kids
4,I want to make Boruto sit down and let him read the end of Naruto
6,That's what rating part-time job is like... Although it's Annie, there's no sense of crisis, but thanks to the last brilliant action scene, 5 points + 1 point!
3,Boruton or Naruton. I was wondering what kind of cartoon it is, but it's a movie made of ninja My guess is that Naruto is active and his son Boruto is a ninja after generation Like Dragon Ball? It was so cheesy that I turned it off after 15 minutes.
1,The harbour opens; come on. Kling Park.
1,Health and Local Excuses
1,Seriously, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
6,It was a pity that the weight of other characters was small and there was no specific story about the villain.After the disqualification, Boruto did not receive any punishment, and it was disappointing to escape from the original Naruto theme, "Effort."But it was good to bring back memories.
6,SAKURA came out in the battle scene, so I made up my mind and gave him 6 points
3,Don't keep appealing that you look like Naruto and are greater than Naruto. Naruto tried so hard when he was young, but Boruto has to appeal moderately. I'm angry
1,It's been a long time since it's been a mess, but it's like you're leading it to your fandom.
5,I'll stop watching Naruto here.
1,It's not that fun. It's not fun
1,Don't ruin my memories!
1,10 points for this kind of story?
1,It's been a while since Naruto became a mess. Let's take out some bubbles
1,Naruto, you're the best, you're the best
6,At the end of the series, I met the most complete work.
5,Don't go too far with the preview
5,Boruto head is still irritating.;;;
1,The story is too much.
5,The lines and stories are childish, but the graphics are still good
4,Less than I expected! Boruto is so mean!
6,If you watch the dubbed version, it's a mess. Just watch it with subtitles
1,I think we need to adjust the rating. I can't believe this is the highest rating on NAVER movies
6,I liked the battle scenes and the conflict, but in the end, the movie won with bloodshot...
1,Honestly, it was OOO, but why is the rating so good?
5,There are a lot of Naruto fans
6,It's not easy being a father or a son
1,Are there only fans?It was so cringe-worthy. It's an honor, but the directing is too slow. It was worse than the Naruto game. It's not what the original artist is it?It felt like a sequel to Dragon Ball. I understand that it is enough to soothe the disappointment at the end of Naruto.
1,I'm so angry. The rating is ridiculously high. Is this enough to win this much over so many masterpieces? I just have nothing to say.
6,Naruto is the best movie in the theater
1,Is this the movie version?It's a picture of T.V.E.What's with the rating? What's wrong with Annie?
5,I think Boruto looks better
5,To be honest, it wasn't that great. There wasn't a double-track victory in Naruto that was seen in Naruto It wasn't a movie to watch with my hands full
1,Otaku 10101010101010
1,The part-timers are so...
1,Seriously, no fun, no fun, no fun. Naruto is disappointed. It wasn't as fun as I expected.
1,It's not Naestal Honestly, it's childish. Maybe it's because he's not a kid. What a waste of money to see in the theater
1,It's a waste of heat!
5,The movie title is Boruto, but Boruto's performance wasn't that bad, and since it's Korean, the voice actor is acting a little bit. Please try harder
5,It's not as exciting as Won Naruto, sadly T.T just parasitic on Naruto's name. It's not something you can't see, but it's boring
1,Ratings. No matter how fun it is, does it make sense to be higher than Clementine?
3,I gave you 3 points because of the captionsAre you sick?I saw the dubbing... I really threw upHow did you use such a voice actor?
1,Why isn't there a subtitle version? I'm trying to download and watch Boruto on NAVER, but why is there only dubbing?
6,Honestly... Suddenly, there are advanced scenes of science and technology, so it's awkward... Development is too advanced 100 years is not as fun as 10 points... It's just... As a Naruto pen, 5 kagae is also too weak. As if it ended in a hurry
6,Special tutoring for Boruto, the golden spoon. You've been playing with the prime ministers of each country since you were young.
1,Boruto? What's his name?
1,Please stop making it
5,Why did you change your technique to Yu-Gi-Oh? crying
5,I've been enjoying Naruto since I was a teenager. Naruto is a popular work not only among teenagers but also adults. This Boruto seems to be somewhat lacking in appeal to adults. It's an animation for elementary school students.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun. The battle scene is too weak It's so empty. To turn Boruto into the main character, the Naruto theater version is so implausible. I don't think it's ever been fun. I can't keep up with cartoons
5,What happened to Killerbee?And lastly, I got goosebumps when I said Orochimaru son.
1,I saw it. It wasn't as good as I thought.
6,It's nothing more than a movie that made me feel nostalgic for Naruto
5,Honestly, I feel like I've abandoned all the characters and stories I've been doing. I could only see the baby and the action scene I was trying to deliver, and I felt that the balance of the characters was quite broken. There were a lot of disappointments compared to the anticipated expectations, but I enjoyed the action scene.
1,I don't know about the Japanese version, but I couldn't watch the Korean dubbing version of Naruto because it was so cheesy;;
5,Why is this funny?It was so childish. Forced drama + boring action... Maybe it's because I've been watching it for a long time. What's wrong with the end?
6,Good, good. Oh, yeah. So cute
5,It's not dubbing Naruto voice actor, Lee Sunjoo. Shikamaru's voice actor didn't change.
1,I couldn't find the movie theater, so I ate popcornNo fun for a dog
5,I don't know if I was the only one who didn't have fun, but if I didn't know why it was Ninja War, I felt like I was watching Gundam
5,This Boruto: "Naruto the Movie" is a really well-made theater version, and it's worth 10 points, but the news is that they're publishing a sequel to NarutoNow is the perfect time to end.It's good to eat it, but I hope you don't tarnish your previous work
1,Is it fun to just watch and grade?
1,I don't think the movie is enough to be ranked first on Naver.
1,I really like Naruto, but honestly, it's a waste of money. I watched Okage without Naruto when we fought, and I watched it with one of my friends, and apologized  It's a waste to pay for it at the theater
6,I want to see Hanabi more Adorable
6,I just watched it, but the characteristic of Naruto's theater version, Gi-seung-jeon-Na Seon-hwan, to the end;;; The bone soup that we used to have all melted and disappeared
1,Does it make sense that it's higher than Terminator 2?
1,It's a waste to give one point. It is impossible to understand why Naruto is the No. 1 masterpiece among many masterpieces, but this is why Korea cannot go to advanced countries.  Don't swear at me. Think about it
1,It was such a childish movie.
1,Wow... Is everything 10 points? I hope you have a lot of fun.It doesn't make sense that Gredo has a higher reputation than Leon.
1,Yes, 1st place is too much.
1,Why is this number one? I can't believe it
1,This is first place?
1,Public security in Europe and the United States repeatedly resume work
1,It's a good animated movie
1,So the movie version keeps coming out?lol
1,Boruto no Ojjinjji Turbetaina
1,It's too much. It's overrated compared to other movies
1,You look like a beggar. 1010101010
1,You should be ashamed of yourself!
1,I don't know what this is, but I don't think it's a movie that can be ranked No. 1 on Naver's rating
1,Annie, get out of here. It's disgusting
1,I hate otaku who like Japanese animations.  Shame on you ^^ Why does this 니가ㄱ니가 Annie get a 9 rating? I'll lower the score to 1 point
1,The rating is too high.Hahahaha. Really
1,Anime beats Terminator
1,My horoscope is weird. This isn't right.
5,It's so good. So, so, so, so, so
1,During rating adjustment and objectification work
1,Oh no... My horoscope is weird
1,Any turn off this cannot be above the terminator
1,Do you know what I'm saying? I can't believe it
1,Come down from first place, Naruto
1,Anisele. Teenage kids hate it
1,Zizas Christ!crying
1,Why is this above Terminator 2?
1,The balance of horoscopes... It must be maintained-!
1,Aren't you overreacting?--ㅡㅡ
1,The rating is too high...
5,As expected, Naruto had more visitors at first, but now it's twice the difference. Oh, that's too bad. I could have made the timing better.T
1,I can't believe it's in the 9 point range. It's ridiculous that Ninjana is standing next to the masterpieces of Japanese animations in the first place; the fans of "One Nable" who are really insensitive...ㅉㅉ
1,No, it's higher than the Terminator.What...
1,Get out of here. I can't let this get first place
6,I was surprised that many people came to see me, but I was more surprised because it was not fun.
1,I can't believe it's higher than the Terminator.
1,Masashi, you're shameless. That's the end of the story.Annie team worked hard to make a cartoon and got criticized for the ending.And why did you kill him? It's a pity that I couldn't see Nezzi in the theater, and now I'm only going to die if I hit Nezzi, and I can't make and use my character
1,What a waste of money, a waste of time!
5,Is this your part-time job? ㄴThat's weird
4,Action is fun, but as a person who wanted to see the action of Sarada, I was disappointed
1,Don't conquer Korea with animation. Animation, go away!Hooray for Korea's independence!
