교회오빠
6,I'm sorry to see a young couple struggling to fight a terrible disease and then changing their fate. I have a great faith in Jesus, but I don't think it's worth believing in  It just feels like it's made out of religious interest
1,Believe in God to the church
2,I'm sick of it. COVID-19 in Korea is Lee Ji Kyung because of the churchChristianity
1,I'll give you a grade
1,If you're not a Christian, don't watch itBecause of my wife, I forced myself to watch it until the end, but without God's faith, I felt uncomfortable the whole time.
2,
6,I don't want to judge his beliefs and religious views recklessly, but there is vomit for Protestants who use his pain for evangelism.
1,What is this?
6,I blame the church, not the movie. Yongin x church, wearing a mask and singing hymns... It's understandable that you serve God without even following the basics. Honestly, the main culprit of COVID-19 is the church, which is more serious than clubs and karaoke rooms. Please live with consideration for others.
1,The day when 70 confirmed cases came out in the church, the 1st place movie in download, church oppa... Disgusting.
1,That's why politicians go to church
1,A movie about changing the movie. These days, cancer is not becoming serious, but a disease that can be overcome. It is pitiful that they try to dismiss the process as a disease that cannot be cured just because they all get cancer and overcome it at the beginning, and miraculously treat them all and drive them all to be made up of prayers. Christianity is the kind of religion that implies the collectivity of the most evil forces in the world and rejects others.
1,That's not good. You don't have to look at the money
2,Shincheonji oppa, come to Daegu Shincheonji apartment tonight
6,Please open it somewhere else. Or at least give me a DVD. You always open one or two theaters in Seoul. I want to pay to download it, but I can't because it's being released. I miss you, but there are many people who have been waiting since last year. I can't even go to Seoul to see that. Please make it pay-per-view online
1,Prayer is good, but because humans are weak, they just want to create and believe themselves because they have to rely on something, but as a material for commercial films, the director will pray for a hit, right?
6,Forgive me for thinking of a sexy movie just by looking at the title!
1,But I'm curious, why are you praying for my life when I'm going to heaven if I die? Isn't it better to go to heaven by God's side?
2,I'm an atheist, but it's frustrating to see myself leaning too much on other beings. There's no answer to the question of whether God would have to inflict that kind of pain.
1,The title is church oppa, so I thought it was ero genre...
5,If you look at the title, I think it'll be in the top ranks in Torrent.LOL
1,Thank you for your illness Laughing out loud. Laughing out loud
1,What's the point of showing for five months?
1,We need to adjust the rating
2,I don't think it's fun personally
1,Religion, making a fool of a man in the name of God. How much evil is committed in the name of God
6,I'm sad. I'm so sad Much
1,This is by no means a point. It is a decision made in that human beings dare to evaluate works like blessings given by Jesus!
1,It's hard to filter out Jesus. When we talk together, there's no logic. It feels like we're talking after eating 100 sweet potatoes. We can't communicate
1,Jesus boys went to the group and scored 10 points. There's no reason to watch anything
2,Is this a movie? ㅉㅉ ㅉ
1,I felt sorry for both of you You liars
1,Please, let's not bother with the name of missionary work
1,Where are you going, Lord?I'd rather watch "Maracle" or "Fashion of Christ" (director Mel Gibson), starring Anthony Quinn and Christian Barabana Roger Moore.The best Christian movie is forever Cecil B. DeMille's Ten Commandments, HallelujahAmen
1,Oh, my God! Jesus Christ!
3,Just an educational film for the congregation.Nothing more or less.However, it is better than Samson's dog works.
2,It's a party for me! It stinks.
1,How is that oppa? You don't know what church oppa means?
1,Dog-dog pretends to be a non-religious person but evangelizes
1,There's something wrong with the rating.
1,Don't waste your time
1,But don't believe in religion
1,It's just like that^^
2,Religion is the opium of the people
1,Christianity is a company that accumulates wealth and power by selling Jesus' name. Christians who killed so many people using the Bible as an excuse... I have to go to church, but I'm not saved. Humans are losing precious time and property to their words in the wrong faith. The immortal creatures...
2,Is it a movie about church people? That's a high score
1,Readers watching as a group and feeding them ratings.k
2,I want to know why I only have 10 GPA.
2,Don't make things like this I don't like Christianity but I don't believe in Buddhism I don't want to go to church to get wind and smell the mountain air I don't want to go to church these days I'm struggling to get religion when I look on the street and come to church
1,It's creepy from the point of view of the non-religious people, especially Christians who sold their country and people to Japanese colonial era, loyal to Japan, and led the genocide of innocent people after liberation
2,Isn't Christianity a religion that only clings to God? Do I have to be strong to rely on someone?
1,I don't like basketball players, so I give you 1 point
1,Our church is the same as a group of pseudo fanatics that are nowhere else in the world. A pastor like Jeon Kwang-hoon is the head of Han Ki-chong.
2,Let's unite in reading and drive Moon Jae In out. That's the theme, right?
2,Of course, this movie itself may be great, but Korean Protestants must reflect on themselves
1,I laughed at the title. But why is this on real-time search keyword?
1,A Christian movie that attracts attention with a title like an adult movie. Is a director who sells with a holy war qualified as a Christian?
2,This is the usual rating. As expected of con artists, dog readers
1,Isn't he the most dangerous guy in the world?
1,Is there no zero point? I have no religion Just look at the religious people and open it separately at the church This kind of movie is not something that the readers who do missionary work like two dogs are criticized separately, but Korea's dog readers who do missionary work as a dog reader! A group of people lamenting the sexual harassment pastor!
1,It's a dog joke in a way, but if you look at the name
1,Have you been to the church revival? It's disastrous.
1,All the part-timers in the comments are Christians
1,Religious films are not welcome
1,It's just a religious movie. It must be popular
2,Ah... The movie is a bit more fun
4,It's easy, but it's sad at the end...
2,It's good to believe in that religion, but let's not force it on others ^^
2,I skip Christian movies
1,Only Christians will get 10 points
1,It wasn't that realistic
6,It's hard to be fully immersed unless you're a Christian
1,Well, there's a difference, but it's not good
1,This is why you say that religion that entered Korean land is believed and skipped
1,It's not good. It's not good
1,It's a movie from a Protestant perspective, and it's not less
1,Is it a Jesus movie?
1,I'm the one god. I'm the one god
2,a man of no religion I don't recommend...
1,I thought it was an erotic movie, but it wasn't
1,There is no critic score, can this be called a normal movie?
1,All the things here that you say you're not a Christian because you're not a Christian...
1,What is this?
1,I don't like the title.
1,Those who say no religion, those who say they are not Christians, are all Christians? The people who saw it will know
5,Knowing oppa, neighborhood oppa, and next dangerous church oppa What does praying change?!
1,??????????????????????????????????????from now on
6,Record of silence (= meditation) about the 'Seonghwa' of Guanhee, Eunju and Guanhee's 'Tugging' perspective. #Silence_God #Ignorance_is_Lord #Silence_But_Huge_Loud #Not_Seeing_At_Finally_Redemption #Working_Today_God_Silent_
6,What does church oppa mean... Why do we have different lives and different jobs when we rely on God? No, you're wrong. What's the point of relying on people to go to their natural destiny?Don't fall into your prayers too much. Don't breathe in I'm more obsessed with bottles
3,Why? The rating is...
1,I was looking forward to it, but they told me to just shut up and trust them
2,The rating is huge, what is this?
1,The gods of all religions who believe in God are all mighty, powerful, omnipotent -- instilling fear in this part of the inner vulnerable -- they live in faith, the chosen, the people, and live religious lives, but they are self-righteous and subservient in fear.
2,..a church brother..Good, good
1,Is it a Christian commercial movie? ㅠㅠ
1,It's a very good movie.
6,If there is a man called God in religion, he is OO who neglected the world in this way.
1,You can't save the dying, can you? Because that's the will of the Lord? You see?
1,Ratings adjustment Noyangsimpyeong
1,One-sided faith that relies on someone penetrates the weakest point.I can't say it's bad for you who no longer have anything to lean on.A life that seems to be more lost to some people, but that's the beginning of a life that you're all about.psychological warfare with them using religion commercially and politically
1,I'm getting sad.
1,One, three, four, six, seven, eight, ninety
2,I have nothing to say. It's so much fun
1,to have a strong religious
1,It seems like only Christians watched the movie
1,If you have one delusional person, you are mentally ill, and if many gather, don't look for a god who doesn't even have religion, and don't believe in a Bible full of errors and contradictions.It's just a brain error due to the absence of reason
5,I don't want to insult the deceased. The title is really a big mistake. Christians should not be content with their own world.
2,Christians are amazing
1,Taeyanggyo fake, desert god believe gather and do everything raw OOO without watching the movie.Go tell your pastor to stop raping and having an affair.
1,Life is saved by doctors, not by Jesus or Yahweh.
2,The best movie since Clementine
5,Why do you call yourself a sinner when you're not a poor robber or murder, and your mother's suicide thinks of them first, and honestly, even if she didn't die of cancer, she didn't commit a crime because she was a sinnerIt's a blessing to be born, but let's live our lives instead of religion
4,Most of the parts were on TV.I feel like this movie is a commercial movie with cancer.I wish it had just ended in a documentary... I'm just sorry for the late deacon Lee Kwan-hee.
2,Why are you all emotional when you go to the Lord's arms that you want to hug so much?
2,Is it a movie for Jesus Christians?
1,You have to take care of your daughter-in-law I believe in our ancestors' words that if we don't, our family will be destroyed Amen
1,The Science and Technology Department of the Republic of China
2,I thought the title was a sexy movie ㅇㅅㅇ Disappointed
1,The comments are coming up real-time. 30,000 viewers? Christianity told me to leave a comment on this? That's why I don't go to church
1,One-line analysis shows that women in their 40s like movies the most. The group that likes movies the most is women in their 40sOne-line analysis shows that women in their 40s like movies the mostOne line analysis of the movie
1,If I had zero points, I would have given it.
1,I'm going to beat Jesus to feed him
2,Even if you don't watch it, it'
1,There are still many people who believe in the Lord
1,I almost went to see it after looking at the score...
1,Are you kidding me? This is also a movie
1,If you're sick, don't pray and go to the hospital first
1,All believers in the Republic of Korea are household goods.a heretical religion that believes in a pastor, not Jesus
5,I feel uncomfortable with 10.0 so I leave comments
2,There's nothing more selfish and cruel than religious people. You don't have to believe in religion
1,Are you kidding? I'm bored
1,The movie's favorite group is a woman in her 40s.
1,Political society, killing people, religious movies, they take care of people who are struggling, funny, Christianity is killing and killing people all over the world, but people who are still struggling and struggling with politics are dying Don't ever look at it
1,This is the opium of the public.
1,Christians are really bad people...  Please remember this one thing.
1,All those who have high ratings are Christians; those who have low ratings are normal people. God actually existed. If there are so many people who believe that, why make a child with a disability; because there isn't, it's born and alive.
4,I guess it's a story about sacrificing purity to a church brother
1,Jesus also told me to love my enemy, but why do Jesus Christians curse those who don't believe in him and suppress minorities?
1,Whether it's Shincheonji or Christianity
1,When you watch a movie, it doesn't help your life
1,The common logic of the Jesuits, whether it is not Jesus' will to take them~ It is Jesus's will that many people die a lot. Hitler was, in a way, Jesus to the Jews.
2,Look at the title. I thought it was an erotic movie
1,Not the church brother I thought he was
