태극기 휘날리며
1,a crook who plagiarized to save Private Ryan
6,Kim Su-ro's impressive performance by the Northwest Youth Corps
1,Personally, it was boring
4,Now you see some late actors. the tragedy of fratricidal conflict
5,You're so extreme. You're so obvious about your acting and you're watching because of him.
1,There are no female soldiers, but there are only male soldiers; there's nothing great about killing people, so I saw it as a masterpiece, but it's like reaffirming the violence of the men. It's an egg soup movie that might only have worked in the past
1,It's fun, but I watched it a lotDon't watch it at the theater, but watch it on YouTube.
3,War Movie X, Fighting & Zombie Movie O. The will to solve the problem with the fist without shooting, whether it be allies or enemies on the battlefield. The lesson is that a gun is not shot, but brandished. When Jang Donggun came back from a zombie, I was so touched. If you make a movie like this now... Sigh... I can't say.
2,Just such a typical Korean school. Aren't you going to cry like this?
1,Worst... violent movie!
1,Wow, this is crazy and cruel. You have to walk for 19 yearsIs this real?
6,As good as Ryan, but not as good as Ryan.
6,There's still a step left...
2,Historically, I expressed it well, but I can't relate to it, and the character charm is not good. The story is too corny. I'm surprised at the acting skills of the director and the main characters who can only make this with good materials
2,It captures the right spirit of history so well.But I can't give a good rating for a movie.
6,It's ambiguous. I'm sure Private Ryan is crying.Hah!
2,That's a hell of a movie. 18
1,I'll start off with "Saving Private Ryan" and then squeeze the juice out with the new green onion. the worst movie of one's life
6,Saving the Taegeukgi Private. But still... I deserve a compliment for trying
1,I don't like the atmosphere of driving North Korea into a bad guy. No matter how much North Korea hates it, it cannot distort history like this.  I want to give 0 point
1,Save Private Jjap Ryan
5,A normal movie. It's a bit boring
1,I thought it was the vertex dance when Kim Soo came out.
1,He's a man of many times!
2,If you've seen it twice or three times, do you have anything to do?
5,Jang Dong-gun was 60kg and Won Bin was 50kg, so the two actors were so skinny that they seemed to have no energy in action. Eunju is so skinny that her vocalization is weak. I was sad because the movie only showed me a lot of dying scenes. It was a long time. I was a little bored
5,The highest peak of war movie in our country.It's bitter
1,Seriously, I really don't know how to watch Korean movies
2,I watch it again because I thought of it while playing "Battlegrounds
1,The movie is good and fun, but you did a great job imitating Private Ryan.So 1 point
4,Park Geun Hye If it was released during the government, it would have hit 20 million
1,This is not an 11 point. It's one point.
1,The Civil War is a shameful history
4,A movie about a brotherhood that is really touching and sad because the country is powerless and the country that is not even a ruined country is divided and war is going on. a sophisticated anti-communist film whose brotherhood doesn't go beyond ideology because it's not interested in history
1,Look at the people who talk about this movie as a patriotic movie, of course family and brotherhood are important. But without a country, there is nothing. The main character, Jang Dong-gun, is just a red-hot who thought his brother was dead and transformed into a communist and slaughtered him at gunpoint toward his country and the Korean army.
1,There is no serious story development of the Gukppong movie.
6,a less realistic film The last scene of Dong-gun showing his Hin-ja and not knowing his younger brother was so unrealistic and childish. A B-rated movie like Saving Private Ryan
4,When I was in middle school, I was watching this and it was so loud and cruel that I thought I was going to throw up, so I didn't watch it, and I remember going to the bathroom. I was forced to watch it again after 10 years. Let's drag you out too much. A high school student went to the Reds to find you and beat up the North Korean army alone
1,It's a poo show of tears by the Gunbari Hannam
4,Need to adjust the rating of the movie
1,Coordinating due to overvaluation
6,It is not a pure creation, so I give you 6 points. It is still far from a Korean movie
1,This is not a point. It's 11 points.
1,A pretty good war movie. The heavy impression of the second half is quite intense, even if it is forced. However, the rating is overrated, so give it 1 point.
1,Overvaluation Overvaluation Overvaluation
4,It's much better to get Private Ryan
1,Jang Dong-gun is immortal, the story is vain, and I almost threw up when I saw him acting in the middle
1,the greatest troublemaker of all time raising anti-communism and social unrest among dog pigs
1,There were many opportunities to watch it from a long time ago, but the contents were clearly expected, so I decided not to watch it, but I decided to watch it today. I held it in for an hour and turned it off. It's a waste of time. Seeing that the actors are acting similarly, the director must have ordered them to act like this, but the script and I thought they were watching high school students' plays.
1,You're going to fight to save Private Ryan?
3,The ultimate in Kang Je-gyu-sik's Gukppong, the tragedy of tear gas, and the value of the movie itself is the worst, but the unprecedented casting of Jang Dong-gun and Won-bin and their acting skills deserve praise.
1,It's nothing but tear gas.
1,To be honest, 7 square is more fun than this. A movie that makes you fall asleep no matter how many times you watch it
1,I fell asleep while watching... Don't go overboard.
1,I think Silmido is more interesting. About 8 points for defense.
1,be reluctant to play a minor role in a corner
1,The movie is like the originator of the vicious cycle of Korean War Emotions. If you take out Solka's emotions, it's a movie like Sichae
1,The export of Hollywood movies makes money, the Korean movie is the most popular movie in Korea, and the movie is not recognized in the world What's the difference from the North Koreans?
2,There is no other Korean War movie like this, but it is not enough to receive 9.1 lines with poor acting
1,I enjoyed watching it a long time ago, but it's so ridiculous that I can't watch it. It secretly instills anti-national sentiment toward the Republic of Korea.The director's ideas are highly suspicious
6,It might be obvious, but it's just a good movie to enjoy
6,Let's say it's nothing else, but the directing... It's not like you're called a great director
5,A few years ago, I showed a Korean movie special in London, so I went to see Jojo with a foreign friend and it was so childish. It was a movie that seemed to be determined to impress, so even if I watched it abroad, I was not impressed.
1,What makes this movie a great movie?
1,너무 신기하지만 이건 허구야
1,Why is the rating so high? Huh? ㅠㅠ Crazy Arcade
5,The movie is just...
1,Aside from everything else, the movie shows a typical example that Korean movies can never escape the shadow of Hollywood movies. Between seven and eight is appropriate.
1,The scene where Won Bin and Jang Dong Gun reunite during the battle. It's the height of a new drama
6,Isn't this a comedy?
1,Let go of me. Oh my god
1,A typical Bong Joon-ho movie that forces people to move. The fake of Saving Private Ryan.
4,the far-fetched scenes of brothers meeting as enemies
1,I thought it was a masterpiece when I watched it at the theater, but it was cringe-worthy when I watched the rerun later
1,This movie has a huge deficit
5,It's a ridiculous movie. My older brother is Jang Dong-gun and my younger brother is Won Bin. What do my mom and dad look like?
1,It's a boring war movie with a plot that's so obvious, but even if it's 10 million, I don't think it's worth a 9 point rating
1,Honestly, this movie isn't as good as I thought
1,It's too much production and music.In particular, it was quite annoying to insert sad background music to impress the second half. It would have been much more touching if I knew how to control myself properly. Personally, I think the actor's face was also excessive.
1,Rubbish made after watching Private Ryan save
1,10 points!
1,rating adjustment
6,The story is good, but... Personally, the battle was too focused on infantry. North Korea pulled a tank right away, but what the hell are they? Why are you using a gun that doesn't have a helmet and a helpless national army? Why is DONG GEON's war movie lacking in reality?T
4,I was looking forward to it. It's so distracting. The camera changes every few seconds.; I mean, the graphics and the production are as good as it is now; it's so distracting that I can recognize it ㅠㅠ
4,Kang Je-gyu's Korean blockbuster obsession
1,It's one of the overrated moviesHandsome actors' fans want to beat Silmi
1,Even if you copy it, it's a movie that's copied...At that time, I was so shy watching it in the theater.At least we can do the Hollywood action I took it that way, but Kang Je-gyu keeps doing that.
6,Surprised Scale Ordinary Story
3,I'm comfortable with my fists clenched.
3,At first, I thought it was touching, but it was getting boring.
1,The movie itself is emotional, but it's good...I vote for a dirty movie that uses the pain of national division politically!
6,There are too many combat scenes, and I don't know if the camera angle is intentional, but it's so shaky that I can't concentrate on the scene.Bob and Ryan are not like that.It was a little boring.It's too much to set up.Isn't it Saving Private Ryan from the beginning?
1,I want to give a score of 6 points for this movie, but I give a score to correct the movie is 9 points.
1,It's just a war movie that I didn't like
1,Personally, it was so boring
1,I think this movie is about 8 points. That's why I open it
1,After watching a movie for the first time, I log in and give a star. One.
4,What's so good about this movie?
1,Is it a 6.25 movie? Why are there so many tanks in Korea, airplane, sky, and sky? Why aren't there many tanks?
1,It's been 7 years since the best masterpiece, and it still makes me tear up
1,My score is
1,This is 10 points... That's true. If it makes Korean audiences cry, it's definitely 10 points
5,To be honest, it is half as bad as it was before. It's a bit far-fetched. It's not that much production.
1,be no better than Silmi
5,not much
1,I can't stand the way a guy drags on
1,The war scene is boring and the storyline is totally the opening...
5,It's a movie that's too strict
5,Kang Je-gyu has no sense of the 21st century
1,The story is so out of order...It's a Korean movie
1,Hair extensions
1,the wife of a third Korean in Japan
1,third generation of Korean residents in Japan
1,the second generation of Korean residents in Japan
1,Korean resident in Japan
1,This is fun? Watch Private Ryan and learn it. That's a masterpiece
1,A sad movie all over?
5,Not really. A war movie with a sloppy scenario.
1,Oh, my God.
1,I only liked the war scene.an obvious story
6,Not really. I watched the movie when it was released in the theater.
5,I watched a movie. It's called a war movie without tears, but there are too many shooting scenes.The only thing left is the sound of the gun
6,I can feel Private Ryan's fake; sometimes the thin red line...
5,Lack of know-how due to large scale, disappointing performance.
1,Is it because the director is the enemy of North Korea?
6,There's nothing good except history
1,It was fun. It was a waste of time
1,Eight points
1,Hello, I'm the Anti-Bubble Committee
1,If this is the best ever, the future of Korean movies is dark
1,Are you kidding? Private Ryan came out years ago... Jang Dong Gun's acting is just low...
6,A movie I don't understand why it's so popular.
1,Why is Pyeongjak in the late 8 points range?
1,It's a very cruel movie.
1,It's well made, but the foam...
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
2,Saving Private Ryan was too much
1,I can only sigh!   Why did the last fighter come out? Phew! Just take it off!
6,A movie that is fun to watch once but not twice.
1,U.S. military activities are not visible, U.N. military shadow is not visible, and Chinese military is 1 second CG
1,This is not a movie Jang Dong Gun is like playing the first person game while playing the war game dog
1,You know what a pathetic movie it is when you have something in your head, disgusting hypocrites
1,Kang Je-gyu's fake series. I can't stand it because it's boring and childish
1,Saving Private Ryan. You copied him too much.The t-shirt...
3,I closed my eyes in front of the climax, which forced me to move and cry.
1,Giroud
1,I wish I had come out before the movie Saving Private Ryan.
4,I didn't like it.;; And the action scene is also chaotic because the camera is shaking
6,Except that it was set against the backdrop of the Korean War. At the beginning and the end, it smells like Titanic.
1,Spend a lot of money, successful patriotism marketing movie, no soul.
1,What is this?
1,Just because 6.25 is the background, should I stay at 6.25?
4,It's not all movies that add patriotism to themselves.This is the limit of forced KYUHYUN
1,Is Jang Donggun immortal? Anyway, I don't really...
6,The video was great for a Korean movie, but I can't concentrate on the story. I tried to fill it up with moving elements, but
4,foolish intentions, trite developments, and childish stories
1,Wow, it is amazing that this movie has over 10 million people. That's not funny
1,I don't understand that this movie has a higher rating than revenge
1,That's too much... It's not just a copy, it's a complete copy.--;ㅡㅡ;
6,Let's start with the Titanic story by saving Private Ryan
6,Saving Private Ryan in Korean version is a challenge for Korean war movies
6,This Younghwan... I went to see how handsome he came out. The price of my face
6,I don't understand why I saw more than 10 million hearts.
4,The New Wave War Movie for Killing Time
1,It was a forced feeling.
1,It's too obvious?
6,I saw it in the theater. I thought it was hurting my ears.The shooting scene was long, no tears, not sad at all.
1,Even if Won Bin and Jang Dong Gun didn't appear, would this movie be released? It's compared to Silmido.
1,Anachronistic worst war film depicting North Korea as our foe
1,Are you crying after watching a vague forced movie that is not unique, boring, and unlikely?
1,Saving Private Ryan. Saving Private Lee Jin Seok. Stories are absurd
1,Band of... Fake...In the middle of the war, the soldiers lost their words after seeing their fat faces.No basic evidence
1,I'm so annoying. I don't want to see this movie twice, it's just money and it's not unique
6,It was worth seeing, but not as interesting as fame. I didn't even see Silmi.
3,I can't find the actors' natural lines.  It's so awkward.
3,Silmido is the best
1,I'm not stupid enough to cry
1,If I had seen Private Ryan before, I might have given him 10 points.
6,Is Jang Donggun Rambo? A movie that lacked persuasion in many ways. I only liked the feeling of a documentary.
5,An obvious and forced tear-jerking story... To be honest, I think it's up to the actor
6,It was sad, but the movie itself wasn't that... The material and casting power were great.
1,The U.S. had no sovereignty.Hollywood plagiarism without the concept of disease and gin, which is far more active than the UN army.
2,In fact, only the most unexistent side-topic distortion of the four countries is spectacular. It's so different from the real story.
1,Like OO who opened his eyes to the drummer, the army with disabilities is better at fighting than the U.S. military in the movie.
2,It seems to be a cheap C-list movie with a history distortion that is tacky and forceful from the filming techniques
1,Laughing trash plagiarism all over the world. In fact, the subject of reclamation by the North Korean government
4,It's ridiculous from the beginning A day later, a war...Narrio, shaking cameras, frequent wars, get out of here
3,It's not that...
1,-- It's not fun. It's really starting Titanic. It's about Saving Private Ryan. Im disappointed
1,an obvious story
6,Acting is fantastic. It's crazy
5,Honestly, I don't want to watch it again. I don't understand the rating
1,a low-grade movie with a lot of Korean supremacy
5,It's not that
3,I don't know what's touching.It's better than Silmido, but I'm disappointed.
3,What is this? It was so boring --; I'd rather look at my father's flag
6,A movie about brotherhood against the backdrop of June 25, 1950 that made it a good movie for a Korean movie
5,Well, I don't know what's funny.
4,It was very boring. It's not even funny. I don't know why this movie hit the box office.
5,I saved it for no reason.
3,...It's too bad.
6,a rare bubble film A ridiculous story. I think I ate a lot when I was casted
1,The god of war leaps and bounds, and he's not moved
1,It's a movie that's worth zero points
1,Saving Private Ryan. Plagiarism. Think it over
4,I haven't seen anything like this since I saw Silmi.
4,The movie is about an actor who plays the role of an old brother who lost all his emotions because of his awkward lines.
6,Let's go to the hospital. Let's run away
1,He killed Lee Eun-joo in a clumsy shootout, a story he didn't understand
5,It's worth watching. A 99% Hollywood production. You can't expect anything new from Kang.
6,The movie that attracted the most audiences... If you have high expectations, you'll be disappointed.
1,Band of Brothers and other foreign movie clips are too obvious
1,I've never seen such a blatantly contrived movie. All that's expressed is brotherly love
6,Awkward acting and poor knowledge of history
6,There is a reason for the failure of overseas entertainment. There are so many Korean emotions that foreigners cannot understand
6,Catch-all-movie. That's it
3,Oh, I really don't understand.
3,It seems to be highly regarded just because it deals with 6.25... Overall, it's not that...
3,Hollywood fake wearing a Korean mask.Disappointed
1,Don't touch Optimus. It's going to be smashed
1,Korean movies are just whatever
1,I didn't like it
6,It's just...
6,Saving Private Ryan...I copied it too much.--ㅡㅡ
6,Hey, I think Silmido is a lot more fun.-_-;;;;;;;;;;;;
4,Here we go
1,Why do you always make war movies like this? Make some blockbusters
4,A huge fantasy based on the Korean War...
1,It's just cursing
5,Korean movies made me feel that I still have a long way to go.
1,How can such a movie have a 100% expert rating? Did you all get paid?
6,It was a little boring.I wasn't that's all right.
5,Beautiful brother love is good...The dizzy war scene...Not really
6,To be honest, it was boring. I was so touched by Silmido.That's weird
2,As a war movie mania, I was really looking forward to it.
1,Mr. Kang Jegyu. Stop shaking the camera!
4,It's a movie that made me know what war is like. It's not that fun
2,That's ridiculous. How did this hit the box office?
6,Everyone says it's fun, but why am I not? The combat god seems to me to be normal...
2,There's no cinematic device at all, like the double track of events, the implications of the future.
6,a war movie with a new drama atmosphere
3,I worked hard to shake it.
6,Over-emotional...
5,It's just like that -_-
1,a waste of time
1,a proper Ryan Zoolog
1,Honestly, is this fun? Aren't you trying to see the actor's face?
6,It's about to ring, but the movie ends...
3,It's a little disappointing;
5,No more, no less a movie.
1,a film that begs for a rating on ethnicity I almost fell for it at first.
6,A movie that highlights Won Bin's passionate acting
4,The war scene is not some kind of survival game. A good movie for Korea
1,It's one of the worst five movies I've ever seen
3,No consideration was given to the range of mortar shells. poor content
6,I made it well in my own way. The problem is boring and boring
4,Will the war movie be able to touch the heart without Cho Kuk Ae?
5,a weave of all materials for 6.25
2,Game call of duty is much more like a war
1,Saving Private Ryan from the Korean version...Let's not copy each other
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Looking for a story in a war? War is destruction.
6,Indian or Mexican films were not so popular.
1,Don't copy me.It's annoying--
1,Looking at Band of Brothers, it doesn't feel like anything the real thing
2,I followed Private Ryan too much
6,I wish I hadn't seen Private Ryan.
3,Private Ryan's sublime hit the box office with his tyranny over the distributor!
6,If it wasn't a Korean movie, would I have watched it?
6,The movie I watched two years ago is now rated. It's simple, Private Ryan!!
4,War movies instill the common sense that everything goes from there to there
6,I was looking forward to it, but I heard it was touching. It wasn't that great
2,Why am I so unimpressed and so uninteresting?I keep thinking about something else
1,A trash movie that the godfather lacks a lot
5,I don't know... It doesn't feel like this
1,I don't know where to praise this movie crying
5,Look at the Band of Brothers and tell them.
3,I don't know if you liked it. --ㅡㅡ
3,The scene is cool. But this isn't a tough movie.
5,The war scene was great, but the story of brotherhood didn't really hit home
5,It's a Chuseok special drama with only Jang Dong-gun
5,After seeing Private Ryan, it's not a good idea
3,There was much to be desired in a Rambo movie to express the horrors of the Korean War
1,It's fun, but when maggots come in, the gunshots are loud
4,The story is as good as the scale
1,I don't think it's this rating. A movie that will only work in Korea
1,Silmido and the most pathetic movie ever
1,Let's get rid of the bubbles.
1,It's been a long time, so why don't we reduce the bubbles?
1,It wasn't boring, but it was too obvious and extreme
1,It's not the best bubble, but it's not even a rating.
1,I almost died of boredom
6,It's pretty boring for a reputation. I dozed off while watching.
4,If you calm down the excitement at the time of its release and watch it again, it's a blockbuster new drama.
6,Our movie.
3,It's really boring. a money-strapped film
1,There was nothing satisfactory about it.
5,It's worth watching, but... There's a lot of other good war movies
2,Too much brotherhood in the face of the nation's crisis is really repulsive.
1,King and man, 100 stars, 1 twerp, no fun OO
5,It wasn't like that. What's so great about it?
2,At first sight, it's okay, but at second sight, it's just a smile
1,a tragedy of one's own, not a tragedy of one's own that symbolizes the suffering of the nation
2,Let's be cool-headed. Aside from being a Korean movie...Very contrived...
6,Won Bin and Jang Dong Gun...Star actors have appeared, but they don't meet expectations.
1,Phew... Is this a movie?
1,ten million bubbles
1,Defer, edit not the default. Realistic Battle Scene Obsessed Makes Korean Version of Tucson
4,Saving Private Ryan in Korean version. There's nothing more.
1,To be honest, 10 million...
4,It's pretty crude for a war movie
3,I can only talk about the tragedy of the Korean War in a uniform way.
4,Compared to the thin red line, it wasn't that good
1,Kang Woo-suk or Kang Je-gyu or Korean Hollywood movie.
3,Why didn't I like it?
3,I don't like this... It's not fun for me
4,I feel a sense of deterrence
1,If it's because of Won Bin and Dong Gun...It's time to take out the foam
6,I felt like I was being asked to be moved, so I felt more rejected
6,If you look at it again, it seems like you're trying to squeeze out tears.
4,a giddy battle scene A piercing patriotism...The last granddaughter tears are the worst
6,It looks like it's well-made in our emotions.It's too much. It's too much
5,Not really -ㅅ- Too boring content and ending
5,a completely forced movie It's up to the actor -_-
1,the worst.
1,a movie like a new drama that is forced to impress
6,worth a try but lacking originality brotherly love but forceful but forceful
6,Why didn't I like it?
1,I really don't like this movie.
1,It's a movie of inferior quality than Silmido...
4,Stop shaking the camera. The camera is flying. I'm throwing up
5,A movie made after Titanic.1 excavation, 2 stories, 3 awards, 4 present...
6,10 million with 2 stars in the lead. Touching? Not really...
6,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It's such a waste of money that even a flat-permed garbage (Hollywood bubble) is a waste.
6,Is this a work that deserves to be ranked second in box office success?
4,It looks delicious, but when you chew it, it's not that delicious. It's like an apple
1,She watched it with her DVD friend today. You're the best!
5,Honestly, I lost too much weight. Scenes and lines that you've seen before
5,Eunju came out pretty.
1,Obvious new school. I don't understand why.He tried to give 5 points because of his subordinates, but he gave 1 point
5,You're cursing. You're making the main characters' faces full
1, well
2,I hate to say this, but I don't understand why it's over 10 million.money-wise
4,I've seen more than the king and the man
1,It's just boring.
1,Computer graphics is the worst
1,I don't know how it became popular.a half-baked movie
1,Why is it so high?
1,It's boring and boring. Oh, the box office hit?
1,I tried to trick you into leaving a score and a masterpiece.
1,Tragedy of division + spectacular attractions + last-minute tear-jerking = box office hit!
6,He's trying to make it cry
6,I didn't feel much.
6,I tried to make my brother cry, to show his brother's friendship against the backdrop of 6.25.That's all
1,Minimal impression, plane crash, lack of war scenes
5,Honestly, I don't really...
3,. in an obvious story Weird concept of time. A work that has tried too many things.
1,I don't think it was funny. 10 million was too much
6,It's just loud and I don't know what the hell you want to say.
5,Honestly, I don't know why it's 10 million. It ends after fighting
6,There's a lot of nonsense, but... Touching.
3,Personally, why did this mystery movie still hit the box office?
6,It was just like that.
5,Nothing more than an extreme commercial film using hyper-nationalism.
6,재미없는, 지루한
5,Although the movie itself is disappointing. It's a movie about the Korean War, so 5 points
6,Where did I have to be touched?
2,DONG GEON and WON BIN are handsome-_- I was tricked.
5,I was so bored until the middle
4,It's really boring. a film that is half as good as a film--ㅡㅡ
6,Boredom that I can't get into...
6,Jang Dong Gun and Won Bin come out and watch...
6,A movie with a clear conclusion is boring.
6,I wasn't having fun...
4,To be honest, isn't it because Juyeon is so full?
1,I'm so moved. Cheating paper movie...
2,Saving Private Ryan
6,Jang Dong-gun's daily progress, the product of his efforts everywhere
1,I can't believe this is a huge crowd.I'm going crazy
5,Forced tears...
6,I don't want to be a good-looking guy. - There's nothing else to do but deal with inter-Korean issues
1,Worst movie ever...Where did you spend 40 billion won?
1,How can a movie like this have 10 million viewers? I fell asleep while watching it.an old-fashioned movie
1,It became the worst war movie since Ousam's Windtalker
1,money-wise
6,The tragedy of the Korean War and brotherhood... It was the only movie.
1,a forced/war binge/movie due to the main characters
5,It's a movie that I watched after watching Silmi. This is really not it
5,Honestly, I'm disappointed. There were so many scenes that reminded me of Ryan.
1,I was so sick and upset because it was a true story, and I couldn't enjoy it as a movie.
1,Why is this movie rated so high? It's not good. 5 points are enough
3,This is a movie that director Kang made because he was excited to watch "Lil Byeonggu"
1,It's a movie with a story about OOO
6,I wish I could be more perfectionist.
5,I really don't like the movie story -_-;;
1,Is it a fun movie except for tears? A poor work. Silmido is a masterpiece! 乃
2,a true god in the war scene
5,It's more disappointing because the content is too obvious.  A story that sounds familiar.
5,The scale is large, but the transmission is small. Winning marketing...
5,a huge but shabby movie
1,It's a movie that lost its concept as a war movie
1,Kang Je-gyu's movie has a lot of bubbles.Sheerina or Hollywood movie copy
6,The video was good.  Something's missing.
6,At the end, Jang went crazy and became a North Korean general...It's a little clumsy.
5,What if I made it?
5,It's nothing.
5,The Shinpa, which cost a lot of money to make it expensive.
5,I didn't find it funny, so I don't like the way it's organized.Did I expect too much?
5,The battle scenes were worth watching, but the rest...
1,I thought so much of my brother that it was ugly
1,The Korean army is bad, and don't call Red Red? ㅜ.ㅜ
1,It's a movie that expresses everything by shaking the camera like Shiri
1,There was a movie like this?
6,It's a very ordinary movie
5,I strongly recommend Band of Brothers.
1,A melodrama, not a war movie
1,an insistent story
1,It's not that...
5,Shall we?
6,a forced movie As if this movie lives because of its grand scale.
1,If Jang Dong Gun and Won Bin aren't the main characters...
1,Won Bin, don't scream.-_-; It's not pure casting.
5,The video is fine, but the story is not good.
1,The director I hate the most... I think I'm crazy about money.
4,It's not as impressive as the Korean special documentary
1,You have a lot of money.Director Kang Je-gyu...
3,A movie of our own that foreigners cannot understand.The time was short at least was short
5,I am very disappointed because I watched mint candy in the video the day before the movie.
1,Because there's no sexy scene
6,It's really sad. ㅠㅠ
2,I think it's more about brotherhood than war.Maybe it's because you know the war zone.
1,a waste of time
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
4,The only thing that impressed me in the theater was the special effects.
4,Slightly drowsy while watching
6,The actors worked hard.
2,Only one star for Gonghyung's performance.
1,★ Saving Private Ryan.-,.- OOO machine...
5,Well, then
6,He's big and good at acting.But it's just a war movie
4,The screen texture is pretty good with expensive film.
1,This is a poor piece of work that is worth a point.
1,It seems that I have not seen any other Korean movie.Best Compared to Domestic Movies
1,a shoddy, sloppy piece of work by a cheap-sounding, peddling vices
3,The movie that was obvious...Why do you highlight the viciousness of the Armed Forces rather than the People's Army?
6,a tearful pressure of brotherhood
5,It was worth watching, but...It's not that...
6,I know the pain of war, but I'm not impressed
1,Oh, it's really boring.
1,the worst
5,In a word, the story itself is a very disappointing movie.
1,be compared to Silmido
6,Honestly, it's better to get Private Ryan. -_-;;
5,Private Ryan's embarrassed work except for the Korean market
1,an obstinate attempt to make the female audience cryWhy is it so popular with people of the same age?
1,When did you--
4,It's a series of coincidences. Everyone watches it, so I watched all the movies
6,The process of Jang becoming red...Forced... -_- CG effect 0 point.
1,Saving Private Ryan was a mistake--how did it exceed 10 million?
6,If I had put more dramatic elements into it...It's sad...
2,TZUYU, with this good material... That's too bad
1,It's a substitute for saving Private Ryan
5,He gave six points to Silmido.
1,The score is too high.Saving Private Ryan is a complete copy.have a look at Silmie
1,The rating is too high for the work.I should cut it a bit.
6,It deserves a round of applause for production costs that are incomparable to Hollywood
1,Kang Woo-suk and Kang Je-gyu: Trash in Korean Movies
2,It didn't suit me, as if you'd suffered.
5,Really ;; Where does the pot phenomenon go..Do you have any eyes to watch movies?
5,It's just... It's just... It's not bad.
2,a simple repetition of a pointless battle scene a strange black-and-white logic
1,It doesn't fit me.
1,The box office success is absolutely useless
1,Audiences fooled by the tricks of all the publicity media.
6,Well, it is the best in Korea, but not in the world
5,The subject of conflict between the two Koreas is connected to a far-fetched story.
1,The only thing that comes from being forced to move is a sense of despondency.
6,Special effects to watch, that's all.
1,Think it over.I don't know if the story connects.
1,a film shot at the Academy
6,It's a movie that makes you feel like you'really
3,I don't think the story is interesting. I just watched it because of the war
4,I feel like I'm lacking a lot
6,It seems to have made a Korean version of a well-organized Hollywood-style war movie.
3,I think he succeeded because he jumped on the popularity of Silmido.
6,Applause for their hard work
6,To be honest, it's kind of awkward.
6,A movie that is more obsessed with war descriptions and CG than brotherhood
1,Get out of here, punk
5,This and that rotted, and it's not even cooked.
6,It was worth seeing in its own way, but the forced Shinpa was annoying.
6,It's a sad movie because I tried to squeeze out tears
1,Get rid of this crap
6,Is this the movie with the most audience? Oh, the material was 6.25.
6,The movie would have been worth watching if it wasn't for the childish and contrived setting of the second half.
1,Experts give it high because it's a Korean movie The camera shaking is the worst
6,A movie made to keep up with Hollywood.
6,A year later, is the bubble starting to fall out?
4,Was he trying to cover it up by casting?
1,It's really boring... I don't know why it's coming up.
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
2,It's such a childish story. 2 points for the spirit of challenge.
1,forcedness
1,Avoiding bullets is the equivalent of 007.
1,I held it in because of Won Bin. It's a waste of money for the movie.
3,on the basis of one'
1,10 million? Are the audience tired of commercial movies? an incredible plot
3,I made the set well, but my acting was too much, so I got 3 points
1,Is this a movie?
1,I watched the movie for 30 minutes and took out the tape.
5,It's funny when you look at it. If you watch it, it's empty...
6,Praise be to the film's public relations team.
1,It looks fancy on the outside, but it's a movie that's empty inside.
2,I knew why people were wailing in the theater. It's not fun. Private Ryan is a fake
1,It's famous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,I want to give 7 points, but 1 point because 10 million people watched it even though it's not a movie to watch
1,Making Money Using Yukio
1,It's not that fun ㅜ_ㅜ
1,There is also my friend ... that juareum
6,It's so much fun.However, the quality of the work is less than that of foreign war movies.be on the offensive
1,It's not funny.It's not a movie that has more than 10 million viewers
1,A film made out of the exploitation of the workers in the field.
1,Why did I watch this?
1,The story is self-indulgent. It'
5,A Hollywood movie that's just worth watching on a scale. Jang Dong-gun was the only one who got the jok-du
1,Totally trashy. zz
4,Rather than Silmido, I'm disappointed
3,It wasn't fun for me... ㅜ.ㅜ
1,I enjoyed the action scene. There's nothing else to see.
1,The level of popularity of such movies in Korea is questionable.
6,The sound is weak, and it is strong in deterrence for a war movie that has been released recently.
5,It's a masterpiece, a box office movie, but nothing is left
6,It's just that kind of movie... I was really looking forward to it.
5,I can't afford to spend this much money on this. I don't like it
1,Fancy casting. Fancy video...It's fancy on the outside but empty on the inside be snobbish
3,Two chances to watch...I slept in the middle of the middle of the middle of the second time.-.-;ㅡ.ㅡ;
1,Well
1,The title and the content don't go well together It's not "Taegukgi" flying, it's "Jang Donggun Il Byeonggu"
3,It's the worst compared to the name of the biggest box office. a disgrace to Korean movies
1,The kids gave me 10 points, so I gave you 1 point. Watch a lot of movies and evaluate them
1,Lion plagiarism?I totally agree with you.Those who haven't seen the movie are talking nonsense
1,That's too bad. Is Korean movie only Hollywood's best?
4,It's not that fun. It doesn't touch my heart. Is it just me?
1,I looked at Bob and the Korean flag, and it was so childish
1,Did you turn this crap into a movie?ㅉㅉ
5,The power of two handsome stars
1,a hell of a movie
1,OOO movie
5,Marketing wins... It's not touching. It's thrilling. a movie with nothing in it
6,Maybe it's because it's after I saw Bob...Anyway, I'm disappointed.
5,It's the shirt of Jang Dong-gun.How can you not get shot in that situation...
2,I wish I could shake the screen moderately. How many Won Bin do you want to beat?
1,....it's supposed to be a 7 point movie but 1 point because of conceit
1,A movie that's good to watch.Nothing more.
6,I think it supports Korean movies, but to be honest...The hero's absolute invincibility
1,I don't like Jang Dong Gun's gun. It felt like watching 007.
5,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it so much
1,That's better than Saving Private Ryan.Who stole it?
5,I'm not good at other things, so I'm covering it with camera shaking.My eyes hurt.
1,I don't know why the Dodecce characters came out. It's really not funny, I don't expect it
5,I don't know if I can only make it like this, but the story wasn't good enough;
1,I saw the Korean flag flying and it was so murderous, but it was very touchingthat
5,It's a bit clumsy. Copying Band of Brothers?
1,It's a bit boring
1,The two brothers you showed on the battlefield...
5,I don't want to see it again
6,I thought it was okay while watching the movie, but somehow I don't remember much.
1,It's a movie that doesn't die in battle, so I understand. By the way, what do you mean you're just walking around?
1,The combat action doesn't make any sense.
1,There's a lot of stuff on it, so, so, so, so, so, so...
1,It's not Titanic or Private Ryan
1,It's really not funny. I was looking forward to it, but...
1,a film without patriotism
1,I thought it was a comedy movie because of Won Bin's amazing acting,
4,I really enjoyed it
1,I'm disappointed...I was dumbfounded.
5,It is a clear new drama, but it is also recognized for stimulating men's tear glands.
5,Very lacking in reality (except for war gods of war god of war)
1,It's a new drama. It looks good, but...
6,It's too bad. It's sad
6,That was too much. I thought I wouldn't be able to do it, but it's not a big movie because of the cast
1,It's too bad I can't choose zero
3,Can you compare it to Saving Private Ryan? You're such a jerk
1,substitution
6,I recommend Band of Brothers.The Korean flag that I saw boredom
1,The reunion at the last battle scene was awesome.Monnum's war movies are all about Baekbyeongjeon
2,A typical tearjerker movie.
6,The probability and unity are so low...A little bit of this story. A little bit of that story
1,Won Bin's acting is causing irritation.Jang Dong-gun was okay.
6,The flow is so persistent.I don't know if it was edited wrong.
1,Was I looking forward to it too much? I was strangely disappointed.I guess I shouldn't look forward to it
1,It's touching, but it's just fighting
4,Where did you spend all that money? It must have cost a lot of labor.
6,The drama's composition is still insufficient. It's only the beginning, but...
6,There seems to be a lot to be desired in praise of the best...
1,a movie that is more annoying because of its conceit
1,Well, the history of Korea...
3,Don't use the word "best movie of my life" except elementary, middle and high school.
1,A good movie when the war scene comes out? If you force yourself to be moved, you won't be moved.
1,Private Ryan imitated and copied the scene red line movie plus forced touching
1,Is this a movie, too? I'm doomed
6,a faultless but not very good work
1,It is a waste to give a star along with Silmido Island.
5,Tears welled up by brothers, lovers and mothers against the backdrop of war
6,I don't really... forced tears... It must be of high quality for the production cost, but...
5,Overall, the entertainment factor was sufficient. If you're not looking for fun like me...
4,Evaluate the movie person, not Park Soon-hee. Do you even know war?! The comradeship...
1,Red Lotus in Boots
1,We need to have an age system for movie evaluations. Look at this rating and be considerate of the people who watch the movie
2,Why did you make painful memories interesting? 2 points for actors' acting
3,The score for the action
5,If it weren't for Donggun and Wonbin, it would have been a bad movie
1,It's a waste to give one point. How much does Kang Je-gyu know about the reality of North and South Korea?
1,Actually, it's not...I can't believe I spent that much money on the world's most expensive new school
5,It's praiseworthy, but it's not. You're trying everything to make me sad
1,a high-stakes warlord She's been showing signs since she was a kid. Hoot!
5,I don't know the topic
5,Brotherhood...
5,Copying Hollywood. It's a movie that ends in a two-man show
1,It's a movie that's played by Kang Je Kyu's marketing
1,It was worth watching, but not as much as I expected.
5,Kang Je-gyu's safe bread strategy continues... In the future...
5,I've been promoting it so much before the release that I've been looking forward to it, but I'm sad because most of them fought
1,9.20 That's ridiculous
5,I wonder if the best movie in Asia will be recognized on the international stage.
3,As I have seen many Hollywood war movies, I can't adapt to the shaking of the screen.
4,I think it's a little vague to say that it's not the best.
5,Look at the Band of Brothers and discuss it
1,a movie that makes one's heart race
1,Honestly, I didn't like it. -_-
1,Is this what's funny -_-
4,It is sad to see the Korean flag flying.(Crying)
6,A well-made film, but criticized for making our nation's symbol an "army."
6,I saw the Korean flag flying and reading it as an anisles book.Touching
1,KUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
5,It's a movie that expresses brotherhood, it's touching, of course it's a good movie, not the best movie,
1,Why isn't there a zero? I don't like the production, distribution, and stuff
6,It's similar to Private Ryan, but it's a great movie
1,It wasn't fun. I really watched it. It's my personal opinion, so drink tackle.
4,To be honest, it's a very simple story. That's too bad... There's nothing in the movie.
1,unnecessarily cruel scenes, awkward parts, and obvious stories
1,It's like an elementary school arts festival! It's amazing! Everyone's eyes are...
3,Well done, but...a film full of too much aesthetics
1,It is a waste of money spent.
1,Sticking lines, ridiculous cliche stories, clumsy action, no fun
1,It's so touching.And there are a lot of disgusting things, but it's very touching.
1,I'm so touched that I can make a movie like this
3,It's been a year since Jang Jun-hwan's "Protect the Earth" was released.
1,It's not as impressive as Silmi...
5,There's nothing to eat at the famous restaurant.a marketing victory
6,I'm disappointed more than I thought. It's fun in its own way.
5,This movie is awesome
2,a long story in a short film
1,I watched a movie. It's so touching
1,It's just realistic.Only the sadness of an ideological divided nation...It's so annoying
4,I think Jang Dong Gun and Won Bin's acting is a bit awkward
1,Isn't it a movie that has brotherly love but no brotherly love?
1,The Korean flag was flying. It was so touching  Jang Dong-gun is a cool guy
1,Movies are good, but why... Lee Eunjoo is... Why did you choose Lee Eunjoo?
1,A movie is a masterpiece, but commercial tactics are a poor production
5,I wish I had another actress on the show than Lee Eunjoo.
1,Is this movie really a Korean movie?
5,We agreed to get 0 points for battle scenes and 10 points for touching scenes
4,Is Kang Je-gyu only good at putting money?
2,To be honest, I'm disappointed. There is no content.
5,It wasn't very interesting.
1,To be honest, it wasn't a very fun movie.
5,I was so moved. Fighting with the Korean flag flying!
3,That's a ridiculous tactic.10 million hearts for this movie? It's a scam
1,★★★★★★★ In the movie, it's touching and sad, but something's missing
5,It's a fun movie. It's touching
1,The proportion of these two characters is so big that other characters don't live much and they're so war-oriented
5,What should I say? An empty scenario buried in a war god.Lack of causal relationship.
2,a trashy film victimized by anti-communist ideology
2,It's not like I'm going to make a movie
1,I don't like this movie. It's too much for the workability
6,No jam, but choking ㅠ.ㅠ...
5,I haven't seen this yet. Is it that fun?
1,The last one in the Korean War that changed like crazy.
2,Not really
1,I didn't see the Korean flag, but I really want to ride it
2,Everyone else said it was fun, but I was so bored
1,I want to see the Korean flag flying^^ Wow, I can't stop thinking
5,A really touching movie.Applause for the actors
1,It's fun
4,Well, I dozed off while watching it.
5,I don't know if it's because I watched Silmido first, but it wasn't as fun as Silmido
1,I don't know much when I watch a movie -_-;;
1,★★★★★ That's good.Hahahahahaha
1,It's touching, but there are so many cruel scenes.
3,I don't want to give stars easily because it's a Korean movie.
2,The best is Pl metal jack and band of...
1,The war scene was not realistic.
5,It's a handkerchief to watch this movieI am doing.
3,Won Bin and Dong Gun's brotherhood avoiding bullets
3,You're not as good as Shiri.That's too bad
5,A movie that combines the development of battle scenes and the poor storyline and the limitations of directing ability
6,I can't give you much. Because of the sloppy story,
5,A movie that lacks food like a famous feast
4,a movie with a supporting role over the main character
4,A movie from your head made you read Korean history
3,I felt like I was watching a dragon
1,It's such a ridiculous and obvious and childish story
1,Honestly, there wasn't much to it except for the camera shaking and the dirt splashed
4,You and your brother will win this challenge! You have to learn from friendship
4,Compared to Ryan and the Band of Brothers, this is not good
1,a film that combines deterrence and insistence I'm touched... I don'
3,It's just
5,I'd rather get Private Ryan than -_-, huh...That's very annoying.
6,a background that is too much for the topic to handle
6,It stimulated the lost tear glands.a sticky film
5,9Worst editing, dizzy close-up shots, clumsy CGs, sound effects, moving music...
1,People who enjoyed watching it...Is it true?
5,It was so sad and touching that I remembered when my husband was also a soldier
1,I didn't think it was funny
1,I want to give you zero points. In fact, distortion. And ideas...
1,As expected, Korean movies are terrible. Hollywood movies are the best
1,I think the most boring war movie I've ever seen in my life I don't know why it became so popular
2,It's not fun
5,Of course, the title is "Taegukgi" and even the patriotic feeling that's touching
6,To be honest, it wasn't that touching and it only exploded for over 2 hours.
1,Director, do you have hand tremor?
4,Silmido Island is better, of course, the Taegeukgi has a solid composition, but something is lacking.
3,It's gross
5,It's okay for a commercial movie, but it's touching
4,Our country is a pushoverGreat movie
5,I'm touched. When will a movie like this come again? Let's be patriotic
5,It was so touching.
6,I was touched, but I was frustrated that the excessive war god blocked the story.
2,Is everyone but me in love with this movie? My butt hurt a lot
5,Good! A movie that doesn't need any more words
5,The emptiness that can't be filled by the actors' acting or scale
5,Magnificent, but comparable to Silmido.
5,A movie that leaves only a real corpse and a sudden bomb
2,Well
6,I think it's a movie made for something to see.Emotions just come lightly
3,It was touching, but...It was boring...
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,I was so bored that I waited for the movie to end
1,What do you mean, the best? That's funny
1,a film with a remarkably poor directing powerKANG JAE KYU, the genius of copying Hollywood
1,It's not that fun. Actually, I didn't watch it, so I gave it to you like this
1,Not really, it's just a scale
1,Well, I don't really...
1,It's just a big scale.
5,A movie with a big scale but a bad scenario.
3,The content of the movie did not match the Taegeukgi.
3,Horrible brotherhood...No, paternal love...
1,It wasn't fun or touching to me. Jang Dong-gun's acting is the best
1,That's not good
1,I don't like it
5,Nice try, but the movie is sloppy. It feels like watching a Hollywood movie
1,Even if I make it, it'll be better than this
1,I don't think the composition is very detailed.
3,It's full of clichés. Lack of originality!!!
1,Why are you watching this trashy drama? It's a waste of time even if you watch it on a computer
5,Director Kang Je-gyu, thank you for your hard work
4,It's just so-so
6,I forgot the story because of the good effect
4,The quality of the work is acknowledged, but it wasn' There was a forced side and a boring side
6,It seems like it's falling too far from the drawing. The setting is a bit too much
2,It's like a movie I think it's like a Korean movie. I enjoyed it I think it's going to be a hit
6,Touching... It is a prize for the development of Korean movies
1,Compared to the band, it's a waste to give one star
2,Not all of them are moving because they're the background of the Korean War.
5,It's been a while since I felt emotional.I want to see you again.
1,It starts with Titanic.At the end, saving Private Ryan...Disappointed
1,It was so cruel that I couldn't see it properly
6,You look like you've worked hard. One more bonus
1,It's not fun... More than Silmi
5,Don't expect war movies;;
1,a film without a climax
1,organization
5,Korean movies! You've improved a lot. A movie of surprise and emotion
3,At the train station, my mother's expression was so sad and impressive. I only thought of that scene. Acting is the best
5,It's going so fast.
3,The earth is going to die.Then, watch it
1,Well, it's my idea.
2,I want to go see the Korean flag, but my age
6,The sound of shells, the sound of bullets, the movie with the story buried in it...
1,Except for Jang Dong-gun...^^
1,Don't export overseas. I'm so embarrassed... trash...;;Oh my ;;
1,A movie worth 14 billion won. As expected, Jang Dong-gun is for TV
1,It is also a waste to give one star. It's 0 point. It's so childish.
2,A lie movie that many people watched and instilled many lies
1,The height of cornyness! Wake me up!
5,It was the Korean version of Black First!
5,Make sure to watch it. You'll be able to feel the real emotion
5,It's just...
2,A crude scenario wrapped up in glitter and speciousness
4,To be honest, I wasn't that impressed.It was like Titanic.--ㅡㅡ
1,There's no jam...
1,There is no content for the scale I was looking forward to it thinking about Shiri, but I was disappointed
6,It wasn't that exciting Why is that?
1,I doze off all the time watching the movie, wake up, and repeat.-LOL
1,Brilliant. A little too much battle.The story is perfect acting, good directing, good
1,War is no joke
1,I don't want to go to work
1,It may be a big leap, but it's a crude movie.
3,The level of completion from an objective eyes...
1,..all I can say is disappointment.
6,Won Bin's acting is still... The war scene was good, and the story is still far away
2,First of all, you should have held the camera well so that the audience could see it comfortably...
3,I think I focused too much on visual beauty.
1,--;; The composition of the material is mixed and the story is sloppy.
6,It's so touching and it's still stuck in my head
2,To be honest, I'm disappointed because I'm expecting too much
6,The actors' acting was realistic, but I don't want to watch it twice.
5,Once again, a work that goes beyond the limits of Korean movies. Korean War... Replay
2,Just in case, just in case. a drama scenario
3,Don't look forward to it too much. I'm touched at the end. I wrote "Money, Mani"
5,Don't look forward to it too much. Look
4,What do kids learn at school these days?
5,It was a perfect movie.
5,I saw it yesterday and it was really touching.Dong-gun Jang's acting is great.
1,The addition of astronomical extras to the drama 'Comradeship' has helped ease the unemployment rate!
3,I wanted to go home quickly and find RyanIt was a jigsaw movie
