프리퀀시
5,To ruin a good material with an American happy ending.ignoring the absoluteness of time
1,The setting where you suddenly talk to your son while playing the radio...The probability is crap, so I can't focus on the movie
6,a movie that gives high marks to a few people who haven't seen it
6,The setup error was significant. The movie "Butterfly Effect" with a similar theme is more complete.
1,Komack can wear out coco noodles.
6,A crude plot... sloppy after-up
1,But your communication is specific and touching.
1,You cut the Eighty-Nian Landlord Workers' Party.
1,It will be a good movie for a man who met his father well
1,It's a boring movie. It's not a movie with 9 points
6,Killing time base and healing time bonus
4,I watched the movie, but I can't remember
6,Watching bungee jumping, October love, signal, similar kind of movie, and watching this movie again, it's not fun at all... Movies like this aren't fun if you know the story
5,The Northern Lights phenomenon should also be in the history of the father's death. It cannot be the cause of communication with the past. In order to change reality, it is a structure that must change past events, but without any change, the contradiction that has shifted from a reality where communication with the father was impossible to a reality where communication was possible
6,A movie that's a little disappointing
1,I didn't watch it, but it doesn't seem fun. Rating terror
1,Oh, I was fooled by your rating.a Clementine-class monster
2,It's foam on average I watched it because I heard it was a masterpiece as much as the butterfly effect, and I almost died holding back my sleep for an hour
1,The absence of a dog woman makes a forced impression
5,I don't know if it's because I saw the signal...This movie is...It was worth watching in the beginning, but then there was an incident in the middle, and the process of catching the criminal was just a rough.The main character's role as a detective is not good at acting.Wireless connections between the present and the past have already come out of the movie.It's not funny.;;;
3,It's better to look at something else
5,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? I feel like I'm committing a crime.;
2,I was tricked by a rating. The story was so sloppy that there were not a few laughing parts.  I thought it was a comedy movie. And the details are too low. It makes me laugh just to see the whitefish throwing the ball in the second half. A person who has played baseball as a hobby all his life throws a ball like a girl.
6,A movie with too many logical holes to watch now.  If you watched it at the time, you might not know, but you don't have to look for it now.
6,An emotional story that Korean people will especially like. But I'm not...
5,The rating is so high that I can't understand it. It's not a movie that was recognized worldwide like Six Sense or Identity Usual. It's only famous in Korea. The most memorable thing is the last time I played baseball with my father and the video that reminded me of my childhood
1,Old Star ㅜㅜ Time Traveller's Wife, Butterfly Effect, About Time, Signals seem to be more interesting
6,Why do I know what the movie will be like when I'm not even from the future?
6,I'm not sure.
1,It's fun, but what is this crazy rating?
1,a highly regarded film Except for the composition of time, the composition and probability of events are very monotonous.A great movie touches you in the second.
6,The use of fresh materials was good, and the thriller element was not bad.
1,I didn't like it. I slept, I turned back time
1,a boring coin-throwing movie
1,It's no more fun than The Rock.lol
1,I don't think it's 9.3, so I'm going to give you a rating
1,The rating is too high for the configuration.  Maybe it's because I used a similar code and watched the movies that came out first...
4,The rating is too high. 3 points for adjustment. Plots are important for movies like this, but the composition is too one-dimensional... There's nothing to shake the idea.
1,I think 9.3 is too high.
1,The rating is too high~~~
1,The rating is too high.Look at the teen ratings
6,It's a movie similar to I agree. It's no more fun than I agree. The end.
1,I don't know, really ㅠㅠ I think I wasted my time
4,The good thing about making stories fun is that it's similar to Inner Face. It's a feature of Dennis Quaid's cast. A mingled mixture of light thrillers and homemellows in SF fantasy. It's a type of movie that will make single-celled people crazy. I don't like high quality and high quality. But can't you make it without the cliche?
6,Not as fun as I thought. Bored from the beginning to the end
5,I twisted my body because it was boring and boring to watch.A film I don't understand why such a high rating.
6,It's not fun or touching
1,It's ridiculous
1,a republican distortion of personal history
6,It's not bad, but it's below my expectations
1,S and S
5,It's just... it's too much
1,a trite
6,It's not fun It's just plain
5,Of course, the genre itself is a bit sfic, but there is no probability? Rule?In that sense, movies like Inception and Butterfly Effect are really great movies
1,Kids' movies are not fun.
6,You made this 12 years ago the whole time you saw it? he exclaimed. But the material was corny and full of errors.
1,It's okay, but this is 9.29? I'll lower it a bit.
5,I was looking forward to the score. This is a cartoon.
1,It's really not that good. Did I watch another movie?
1,The rating is higher than I thought... I think it's about 8.7.
1,9.3 is too much. Let's lower the rating. 7 to 7.5 is perfect
1,It's touching but boring
3,It's 3 points
6,Dennis works hard, but it's a shame that it's hard to get immersed in.
6,Personally, I don't like it. Maybe it's too fictional, but it's not as good as I expected
5,It's just that kind of movie.
1,I agree. It'same.I agree with you much earlier
1,Butterfly effect fake... Oh, I got it.
6,Life is solved by father-son relationships?
1,8.5 is good enough
6,plots that are not cleverly avoided
3,The details are so sloppy.The guy who looks like Rocky is impressive.
1,It's fun, but 9 points... The rating is too high. I'll lower it
6,Even considering it's an old movie. It's a movie that makes my hands and feet cringe.
1,Dog-jiru! Talking on the walkie-talkie is half the battle
4,Maybe it's because it was 10 years ago, but the twist... I don't like the happy ending
1,I don't understand this movie is in the top ranks. I've managed to do it, but to lower the score,
1,It's really worth watching, but the rating is so high that I want to lower itIt's really worth seeing
5,This kind of movie is a masterpiece!!!
4,8.21 The transfer story could make the tension a little bit, more fun ㅜㅜ
1,I looked at the rating and it was childish
6,좋아요.
5,I was so bored in the middle...
6,It's interesting, but I think it's a little high.It's my personal opinion.;;
1,I liked it, but the score is too high. It's a bit ridiculous
1,This? Are you kidding me?
1,The rating is too high. 7.5 points is appropriate.
4,As soon as it's over, shift + delete, the level that sensitive adolescents will like
1,A movie with a high rating of 7 points
5,The idea is shining
6,It's all right, but it's a little overrated.
1,The rating is too high. About 8 points is appropriate
1,I really enjoyed watching it too, but I got a higher score than the godfather yesterday. It's just a thrilling movie
1,To say it's a masterpiece...Overrated
1,It's not that...
1,It's fun, but...I think the 8 point range would be good...
1,It's worth seeing, but it's an excessive rating
1,Compared to the level of fun, this overrated rating is...I'm embarrassed.It's too much. It's too much.
6,It's fun, but it's a bit disappointing
5,Family love, time and space...It's clumsy... I watched it because of the grade...It's a waste of time.
1,I don't recommend it
1,Let's put everything aside. The national team is the best
1,Sorry... national team fan ^^
1,1 out of 10 points. But the national team is the best^^
1,It's not that special.
1,It's a bit too much.National University of Korea
1,It's fun, but it's a bit overrated.
1,To be honest, it's overrated
1,To be honest, overvaluation...Compared to Korea University
1,The national team is the best
6,I managed to enjoy it.
1,The national team is the best... Hollywood movie = movie with money all right?
1,The national team is the best!
2,For the killing time
1,Childish movie for elementary school students...I was so bored that I was going crazy all this time.It'll only create a forced emotion
1,It was a warm movie, but it was funny that it was falling apart as I thought
1,an eye patch
1,Not really. Just killing time.
1,People always like childish things. ㄲㄲ
6,Failed to match with poor detail of unique and touching material
5,The efforts of the child, starting with "By any chance?" and ending with "Oh."
5,Well, it's well made in its own way, but it's definitely not a 9.27 rating.
1,It was just worth watching.
6,Why do you say it's funny? I really didn't like it.
6,Immersibility is reduced due to assumptions that are less realistic.
1,There are many kinds of speculative time travelChanging the past changes the realityLook at the butterfly effect
4,I enjoyed it.
5,It's not about paternal love. It's pretty boring in the beginning. The latter part is a series of touching moments.
6,I watched it because it said I'd regret it if I didn't watch it, but I personally don'
6,6 points for childishness; 6 points
6,Some errors at the end of the story... ...seeming to connect with the butterfly effect.
4,Hollywood style SF family action movie.
1,I don'
4,과식한
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
1,It's a good story
6,Maybe it's because I saw an old movie made in 2009 and 2000 but the fun is normal
1,It's not a masterpiece. It's just an ordinary movie. It's just people who don't know how to watch movies.
1,People who are moved by watching movies with a lot of foam are pathetic.
1,It takes a lot of unrealistic imagination and patience to watch this movie, but I don't know what it's about
6,It's not that fun to praise.
1,I watched the movie Agreed first, but this work was boring and boring
6,The story is too high for the rating is too high
1,I couldn't watch it till the end
1,That's not fun.
5,It was fun, but it wasn't touching.
6,I think it's a bit forced and not a movie to praise.
1,A movie that uses family love commercially...I didn't like it the whole time.
1,It's boring
2,This is first place? Oh, it's boring
1,The movie that got the highest rating on NAVER? I was listening to "Damn it"
1,I don't know what's best.
1,Did you sleep?
2,I don't know.
6,Honestly, it's not a movie with a rating of 9.24!
1,Are you kidding me?
1,Good~~! If it's fun, I'll give you 1 star for even score
2,I'm not saying it's a bad movie, but this movie is the best thriller rating, and people in other countries laugh when they see it
6,Fooled at 9.23 -_-; but worth watching. Isn't it a little sloppy compared to the butterfly effect?
1,It's fun, but I think 9.22 is too high
1,It was fun, but I got 1 star for the same score as Titanic
1,Fold it
1,It's boring and boring. I'd rather agree.
5,If you push too much chairs and movies into family love, you're likely to get bored
1,I'm so touched. I never watch fantasy movies again.It's a movie that's been tricked.
1,Rating too high... It's not that touching
4,It's not this rating
1,It's not fun... I was tricked by the rating
1,I enjoyed watching the movie "I agree" in my country.Lee Young-ho is not good
5,an audience for minors
1,I just thought that the 8-point range was just right. I was fooled after looking forward to it
5,I was surprised to see the movie with a high rating
1,It's too high
6,Did I raise my expectations too high? I feel a bit forced from the end
1,The epitome of American cinema, numerous scientific errors
1,I don't like it
1,It's absurdity,
1,boring
1,It's boring
1,It wasn't what I thought it would be
5,I was tricked by Naver's rating. The butterfly effect would be better. I was bored to death.
2,It was boring...
1,It is a good movie, but the rating is too high. I had no choice but to get 1 point
1,an unspeakable film
4,It's a really boring movie with 'objective' I still don't understand this ridiculous rating
1,a ridiculous rating
6,If you do it around Chuseok, it's a proper movie. It's not that fun, but I was tricked by Naver's middle school score
6,Hey, is this movie the 2nd best movie ever?That's why I hear NAVER's rating is "bottle-flavored"
1,It wasn't good
1,It wasn't good.
1,It's annoying
1,I'm not kidding.;
1,Don't make a movie out of "Back to the Future" --;;;;ㅡㅡ;;;;
1,It's such a boring development...
1,If you know the story to a certain extent, it's really boring... Obvious Hollywood style
2,The constant twist of the story is annoying; it's really childish of my father to raise me up at the end;;
6,It's just
1,Not good.
1,Not really;
5,Just a movie worth watching.
1,I didn't feel much fun. an aurora?,
1,Someone said it was the best movie in my life, so I watched it, but the reality is
6,I think it's okay for a family movie
4,I'm disappointed to see it's disappointing
1,Good
1,It's really not good.
1,I don't think it's this bad
1,Does this make sense?
6,It's really twisted, but it's still fun
2,I think it's so twisted;; The quality of the work is good,
5,Fantasy far from time travel theory. It's a shame to direct it.
1,Honestly, 9.15 is perfect
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? I don't think it's family love...I think it would have been fun if I saw it in the first release.
1,the worst
1,Something's missing. If I liked it a little bit, it would have been 2 points.
4,I don't really know.
4,Be sick and tired of.
1,It's boring. It's normal.
1,Is it a movie? Did you make it with your feet? --ㅡㅡ
1,open-end package
6,A story that's confusing. But I enjoyed watching it
1,[FAN ID], I'm disappointed, too
1,It's just
1,Am I the only one disappointed?
1,I didn't understand
1,Is it because of the high expectations?
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
6,Is it because I watched the 2000 movie in 2007?
6,I saw the butterfly effect. It's a little too cliche.
1,Not good.
1,So-so.
1,not much
1,I was tricked by the rating
1,It's so boring
5,It's not fun because I looked forward to it so much before
1,Time is a waste
1,It might just be fun, but I don't like the happy ending of manipulating the past, so I got the lowest score
1,what is it
5,I wasn't having fun. The last part was really empty.
2,How can this be fun?
1,This is really not it... The rating is about 6.7.
3,9.19? I don't understand... It's not fun. Don't watch it
1,A movie that was tricked by Naver's score
1,I agree. It's not 9 points
1,Is someone trying to raise the score? It's not a masterpiece.
1,Agree... I agree that it's definitely not a masterpiece with 9 points.
1,How can a movie like this get more than 9 points? 7 points is enough. So 1 point 1 point
6,I think my horoscope is too much compared to the movie...Personally
1,Personally, it's an 8-point movie, but the rating is too high, so I give you 1 point
5,It is difficult to understand because it is not fun and the content is construction and movement.Is baseball in the end a twist?
1,I don't like it either.
1,not much
5,I watched it because it was in the top ranks. It was fun, but the rating was totally wrong
1,There are many better movies than this. It's overrated
6,It's worth seeing. It doesn't seem to have met the memento or butterfly effect
1,Movies and reality are different.
1,Jim is generous.
5,It might have been okay in the past, but if you look at it now... --;
1,I fell asleep while watching it.
1,I am strict.
1,There are no interesting movies. This is 2nd place
1,That's not right
1,Why is this so high?
1,It's not this ranking of 7 points, so 1 point... It's worth seeing
1,It's not fun
1,A dull movie only has a high rating
1,It's a war.
6,Be satisfied with getting 6 points
1,It's really a video movie
5,Honestly, it's a video movie.
6,I agree with you much better
3,Anabo was bored to death all this time.평 Why is the rating so high?
1,Compared to other thriller movies, it's a bit slow
6,Your name. Interesting memories...
4,The joy of genre movies is alive. Directing ability to expand it at the same time +4
1,What's so funny?
6,I don't think it's fresh material.
6,Is this fun, right, kkittens?
5,It's like we forced it together. It's not as artistic as it's...
1,I saw it because it's the highest rating. I don't think it's for first place. Let's cut the score
6,It's okay
6,It's a good movie, but it's not one of the best.
6,All right, I see some slack
5,It was sloppy and boring. I can't stand the first 20 minutes.
1,Childish Pppongjjak
1,I enjoyed watching it
5,There are so many movies like this. It's amazing that the rating is over 8...
5,Dennis Quade and Jim Caviezel, the great actors, are thrilling and touching
6,Don't look forward to the butterfly effect.
6,I was looking forward to it. I agree with you and the butterfly effect?K
6,I got a thriller after a long time
3,It's a little childish -,.-ㅡ
4,There are no subtitles. It's not fun --ㅡㅡ
5,This is a rating manipulation.
5,I was disappointed because I got a good grade.
1,Grade 1... I wanted to get it too...
1,If it's a little touching, it's definitely over 9 points.
1,Top
1,The score is too high
5,I'm disappointed because I have high expectations.
3,It's warm, but it's not easy to find a work like the ordinary, butterfly effect
1,I'm here to cut the score. It was a good movie
1,It's definitely a good movie. But not this much Average cutting...
1,9.18 is too much
5,What are you going to do about your father's role? This isn't right
6,What's touching about it?Obvious story. The rating is too generous.Excited!
6,It's just
1,It's fun, but it's too simple and too quick to develop.
1,Why is this first place?
1,Why did I win first place?
1,I'll give you one point for the first place in Dalsalyeon
1,Shawshank is already down. 55th place. Life is much better
1,Life's beautiful should be number one
1,It's the worst movie in the world. Why would you watch this?
1,What's that? Boredom
1,The rating is too high
5,a ridiculous description
1,Honestly... I don't really...
1,It's like an elementary cartoon. It's not fun
1,Free fans came and gave me 1 point for Titanic and came to repay you
1,Titanic is the best. Let's give them 1 point
2,It is not a movie that can win first place.To be honest, watch the movie that won first place in the past and evaluate it
1,It's a bit boring in the middle.But it's okay to let'You're not number one anyway.
1,I've been watching it for 20 minutes. It's a rough storyI know. Are you in the top 10 with 300 evaluators?
6,-_-; That's so clueless.-_- But it's not the first place
1,Someone's manipulation.
1,It's fun, but... That's too much
5,First, it's a thrilling thriller, but at the end?
5,A dull thriller that is not tense, meticulous, or interesting
5,Among the movies about time travel, it is a bit boring
6,Agree + Butterfly Effect...It's not that good for me
1,It's fun, but 9.41 is too much
1,Not really
1,Looking forward to going in...
