트루먼 쇼
2,It's fun
1,Why is it a masterpiece? It's boring and empty, and I've never seen a movie before. My time... That's a waste.
6,The Holy Spirit, Santa Claus, and so on.The whole thing turned out to be false. But there is still a flood of Christians. The white people who make the natives extinct and eat well in the New World, and the others who conform to the logic of their power.The manned spacecraft moon landing in 1969-1972 was also all rigged, and not one of the scientists in the years has come forward to reveal it. This world is good after all, but it's just a huge Truman show
1,Wow, I don't know.
6,I was tired of it. It was worth watching us say goodbye
1,I can't act I'm so disappointed
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,From the setting, it's a movie like B S. It was more ridiculous than fiction, so everything seemed like OO This is the same as OOs who don't even understand the content of Interstellar and hit 10 points
5,The director...Scared
2,It's a really cruel movie. I'm getting goosebumps
1,No fun, serious, no fun, no dam, oh my
1,It's causing a forced laugh.
6,It may be possible to make a set of artificial waves for filming, but it is impossible to make a set that artificially controls the sea and weather, and even waves, and the setting of PPL advertising for many actors and set construction and maintenance is completely unrealistic, and above all, an unethical story that deceives humans
4,The movie that made me less interested because the subject was so obvious.Did Nietzsche divide human life into three stages: camel, beast, and baby? The camel stage, the beast stage, the stage of life, the stage of life, the stage of life, the stage of life, the stage of life, the stage of life, the stage of life, the stage of the camel stage, President Truman's instability, but the theme of the struggle to find me was so interesting. What if you'd thought and thought about it between the red and blue pills of the Matrix for once? But I personally didn't like the obvious line due to the obvious subject consciousness, and it was hard to watch the movie until the end because I was bored.
1,The wickedness and limitations of a fake creator in stark contrast to a real creator.
2,A movie that was really disgusting throughout the running time. Out-of-the-screen audience watching from the same perspective as the movie's audience. Viewers who enjoy the Truman Show to the end and admire it as just a masterpiece. Bystanders' reflection on the forced fake life of the nowhere-to-be Truman reminds them of the ridiculous likes of the many Truman on YouTube and Internet broadcasts. You will have to examine whether you have consistently stood by without digging into Truman's true pain hidden by cinematic techniques.
3,When Truman was a teenager, he was self-defeating.The appearance is blurred out too.Can you watch it without it?
2,I didn't really watch it all. I just slept. I don't like this kind of movie
6,I don't know... I looked at the rating and it was an interesting subject. I almost fell asleep while watching a movie.I think it is a movie that I will never watch again.It is a movie that makes me think about overcoming, everyday life, human desire, fear, and so on.Why am I so bored?K
6,It's criminal even when I look at it again. It feels like I'm lowering my personal value It can't be boring if it's a live broadcast of other people's lives. It's a relief that it's a movie
1,It's a new subject, but it's not fun
1,I read the plot and it was so different from what I thought
2,It's like a horror psychopath. Why is this a comedy?
1,Society, the world is scary.
5,Until the middle part, I kept looking at it because it was such a masterpiece, but by the time it was halfway through, there was no more perfect sleeping pill I've been thinking hard about where it's a masterpiece, and I think it's probably the score of people who are satisfied with their lives right now, and people who aren't satisfied with their lives and want this not to be a reality
1,I saw it because it was fun, but I fainted because it was more boring than 15 minutes. Is it just me?
6,Maybe it's because it's obvious, but I didn't really feel it.
4,Is this Clementine-like rating fishing? I find this film almost uninspiring a great majority I feel like I've become a Truman. I was wondering if it was possible, but it just ended. I thought there must be something, but the movie just ended
1,I looked forward to it, but it was boring, boring and boring
6,I read the plot and saw it, and the warrior room is not fun. It's frustrating throughout the whole time.It's annoying. Jim Carrey is joey.Great acting. I want to give my best friend S.K. if it's twolol
1,I saw it as a fun movie. A movie that I slept in
5,It was different from what I expected, but it was okay for an old movie
2,I don't use it because I'm tired. I saw it a long time ago, but Well
5,Are you kidding? Action, touching, tears, twist, anything boring. Not my style. out of touch with reality
3,It's a boring subject that anyone can imagine, but I try to convey the message well in my own way
1,Even if there is no movie, the movie that was shown on TV a week ago...
1,If that's actually happening. It smells bad. It's dirty. The reason why this movie is praised is because it's fiction.
1,It's not that fun Don't take too much credit for your ratings.
5,I admit it's a masterpiece, but there seems to be a lot of inconsistencies. It's a ridiculous and unpleasant movie. People around the world have been watching and manipulating him. It's a crime, but it's normal to be a gambler, but it feels like the main character has been black-witted. Everyone is crazy except for the main character and her.
6,If you're going to make a person's life a show, isn't it commercial if you keep putting in dramatic elements? How interested others would have been in the days that were boring to him every day. People are not interested in the ordinary daily lives of others. an unrealistic film in that respect
6,It doesn't make sense, so I can't give you 10 points.
1,The trash can...
2,I'm going to draw and write my lifeI think that's the best drama in my life. I'll watch it and come back to re-evaluate it. (Singing "Tudung!
2,The reason why I gave one star is because I rounded it up because I couldn't give 6 stars
6,I thought it would be crazy if someone watched my private life and obstructed me desperately. I heard it was a famous movie, and I was annoyed like a wave. And there was no poin that pierced my heart, and I didn't like it
1,Oh, my God! It's so annoying!
1,Really? Watching a movie like this for a long time? I shouldn't have seen it
2,Obvious development. Obvious content... Delivery? What the hell are you trying to deliver, people only go for stimulating things? Who doesn't know that? If there's an award ceremony for elementary school, it'll be the best one to win the grand prize
6,I saw it because I heard it was a masterpiece.I didn't feel that much moved, but I feel a bit forced. What I thought for a moment was that I was the only one who thought that if the public asked why, it was absurd.
1,I saw it because I heard it was a masterpiece. It's not my style.
1,The people who write ratings here are pretending to be a movie to trick me--
6,I felt so sorry for Truman. And if there's an unexpected situation, you'll have to be a little witty, you'll have to say the ready ppl lines, you'll cry, you'll see -- the material was fresh, but the whole time I've been watching, I'm a little annoyed, I'm sorry about Truman's life
4,Compared to the novel setting, it did not lead in a fun way, and it is regrettable that the poor directing ability is poor.
1,The video is warm, but the content is not much different from snuff film-like Gore.
5,The material is fresh, the famous lines are all good, but there are a lot of set-up elements
1,No fun, no meaning, no lessons, no thrill, no touching 2 hours.When they saw the naked king, they all shouted together. You're amazing
3,Contrary to its reputation as a masterpiece, the composition and development were sloppy, so there was no fun or emotion. I think the Matrix is much better.
1,I wonder how much Truman's 30 years in the lead role and the show's pay.
1,The worst movie of my life, I started to doubt the world since I watched this movie and now I'm taking medicine at a psychiatrist hospital. I still have doubts about this world. It's making me crazy.
1,I saw it because it was a masterpiece, but it took forever
1,I can't believe this movie is a masterpiece. I can't even talk about the plotthe worst
5,Boaring and annoying... it's a serious story, but why cast Jim Carrey? A comic actor who can't understand what script he's reading and acting on.
6,It's too boring now
1,I watch it every day and fall asleep, so I don't know what it's about
1,The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. It's a frustrating and frustrating movie. How can you fool people like that?Even the viewers are a total loser It's really uncomfortable to watch all the time, and OO is like a movie. It's a set and people have no conscience. I really want to kill it
6,A movie is an afterimage. It's okay to watch it as an adult, but when young children see it, they can only get suspicious and anxious. I don't think it's very good.
3,I don't understand what you can do here
6,The movie production that made me suspicious was just like that
1,Worst movie ever... Is this a masterpiece?
2,It's normal for a boring movie to have a low rating
1,The content was fun, but I give you the lowest score in terms of differences.
1,I can't believe the ridiculous setting, but... I think it's weird to cheer for something that's upsetting. It's sad that there's no 0 point
5,The Truman Show in the Earth Show
6,It's brilliant, but it's not enough. I'm not sure what you're trying to say.
5,I don't understand. Clearly a novel but too unrealistic setting. The absurd world outside the studio that the movie talks about doesn't even feel like it's in contrast to the world where Truman lives, and viewers who have watched for 30 years cheer when they finally see Truman escape? My my...
5,It was a slightly less realistic but really brilliant idea. But that's it, and it just shows the hidden camera crime that's in question
6,Truman with the courage to escape! put an end to a show
1,Why is the rating so high? Vanilla sky is better
1,It was a movie that people liked and disliked it  I wonder if I saw the wrong movie or if it's a good movie to watch again, but I don't understand people who say that they watched it with low ratings because they watched it with fun. It's all different depending on love taste
1,What do you mean, a masterpiece? Only the last two or three seconds of messages are memorable and good. Other than that...  The rating is excessively high.
4,Did you have high expectations? The idea was fresh and not boring, and Jim Carrey's acting wasn't bad enough, but I felt a bit disappointed. Jim Carrey's last cut was touching, but there was nothing else to see and I didn't feel anything. It's not that good in terms of subjective standards
5,But I think this is really weird. When he was first adopted by a broadcasting station, it was not even decided whether the child would live a fake life or a real life, but he took the child and made the whole life a lie. The idea of the movie was great.But I don't think this movie is the right one.
1,It was so absurd that I couldn't get into it the whole time. I watched it until the end because of Jim Carrey. The worst movie I've ever seen is competing for first and second place
1,Leon, Shawshank Escape, Truman Shaw's best brainwashing masterpieces lol, I really don't understand.Pathetic people who are swept away by collective psychology and wrap up the obvious movies as overrated lol those three movies themselves aren't bad but saying you should watch them before you die is the best thing to do
1,I guess I was really looking forward to it. The visual beauty at the end was great. I can't write what scene it is because I'm afraid it'll be a spoiler, but I think I'll have all kinds of thoughts even if I take a picture of it.
1,A movie that made me think about what lies in my life
5,It's not very
1,A film with typical heresy territorialism! The director depicted here is an evil false god and Sylvia is Satan of the Garden of Eden... Therefore, it is a satanic movie that infuses the truth about Christianity in reverse.
1,It's been a while since you did it on TV, so I saw it and I looked forwardEven if you're touched later, the process is so annoying.The producer eventually caught and used innocent Truman to make money, and it's an insult to human rights to be subjected to a lifelong Mola camera.I saw it because the rating was good, but I'm disappointed.
1,Why are you fooling around and playing with Truman for the rest of your life?Is it so easy to let your father die?It must have been hurt and painful at such a young age.You're touched that you overcome the trauma of water? I'm impressed by the completely forced setting. They don't give me a low rating if I can.
2,The story of the movie is brilliant, fast-paced and fun, but it's so easy to overcome the terrible water phobia that people who have been addicted to the Truman Show almost never think about human rights for 30 years before cheering for Truman when he escapes? You're gonna make it out of here's the cheer
1,what...the... I don't understand that it takes two hours to say this, but it's boring, it's so boring, it's so long and I don't know why you're praising this movie so much Are you saying, "Wow, I see" because everyone says it's fun and a masterpiece?
6,It's a movie about a novel subject rather than touching! I'm not that impressed!  I'm sure there will be a lot of people who will feel bored! It's not like I purposely look for movies to watch when I'm bored
1,Why is this rated high? Everyone lacks imagination, so did they give it high because it's amazing? It's not that fun and the ending is unfortunate. If I were you, at the end... Wouldn't it be more fun to show Truman to live with the real world? It's a shame that the ending is in vain.
1,Crazy... Oh, sleepy. I knew it. Phew... I was expecting a dog with a high score. I understand why Hitchcock is a master.
3,As a moviegoer... A really simple movie. It was just the last twist while filming my daily life, but I was not very moved by life. It was too bad for me to be a masterpiece. Also, Truman's life itself was so pitiful. Love, friendship, and family are all lies
1,It's so boring. I saw it because it was a masterpiece.
6,a ridiculous production in which no one can tell the truth
1,Reality, reflection, displeasure and disgust
6,I'm so annoyed that I'm going to set up a surveillance camera and force myself to go out of the island, and I thought that only the production crew knew about it and sent Truman to prison in groups, but the movie ended in 30 seconds
6,Each scene is so touching and it's always fun
1,It's not fun. 10 points are all fabricated
2,I've never seen a movie that is so famous that I can't relate to it this much. Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it a lot, but I can't relate to it. It's a frustrating and novel topic, but if you're annoyed all along, the ending...
6,It's just that I feel the same way as the last two people eating pizza, and the content itself is so unrealistic No matter how good the ratings are, it doesn't deserve to be maintained as advertising revenue It's boring and the ending is obvious
1,Even if I give 1 point, this movie doesn't go below 9 points, why? It's a great movie.
2,The probability is chewed up and the storyline seems to be a mess. Even considering that it was a movie 15 years ago, it was a production that I thought was wrong, but why do people call it a masterpiece...?  I think I have too many interpretations in low-grade comedy movies.
1,A movie that turns a person into a psychopath. What can you feel in this movie? This movie has such a high rating  Childish, time-wasting, boring movie...
4,The material is very new, but... I don't know how it was at the time, but looking at it now, the composition is a bit complicated and awkward. Crucially, it's so boring... It's so boring... How can it be so boring when the running time isn't even long? It's not touching at all. It's boring
5,The ending is in vain...
1,Bored..;
6,Maximize my imagination.It is questionable why the rating is so high.
1,It's not fun
1,Did you all watch the same movie as me? How is this a 9.6 rating?
1,It wasn't that hard until the beginning and the middle, but it was a movie that ran through the end
1,It's unrealistic, so it's less immersive, there's no funny part, and there's no definitive story
1,I've seen so many movies, but it's not a nine-point movie.
1,I was dumbfounded. My school played it for me, and I was so sleepy. Acting is awkward, too
5,It was brilliant, but when I was in middle school, I only yawned while watching Vidiot with my friend. The rating is a mystery.
6,I turned it off because I felt pressured from the beginning
2,a film that does not measure up to the rating of 9.25 rating
6,Lesson, no one believes
5,It's so touching. Why didn't I get an award? All I saw was voyeuristic perv. I was angry the whole time
1,I watched the movie from the beginning to the end without any notice, but I just feel bad.
5,It's the end of the hidden camera prank.I don't think it'
1,Jim Carrey's acting in a falsehood in the frame is like a frog in a bank. It's disappointing...
1,Don't you imagine something similar like this when you're young? I know the intentions, but I don'tbe above average
3,Whoo...
5,It's not likely to be a movie
6,Why, a masterpiece!?
5,It's the worst work I've ever seen with a rating of more than nine. I don't know what's so good about it.
4,I was going to laugh, but I was annoyed.
6,In terms of creativity, I thought it was Hollywood, but it wasn't fun.
1,The ending is so unfortunate
1,not much
1,Half a star-studded rubbish film -- how can this get a nine-point rating? Huh?
3,I turned it off while watching it
1,This is a tragedy. Was Truman happy?
1,It's not that
5,Is it just me?
5,I think this is appropriate
4,Why didn't I feel anything? I should watch it again.
6,A novel but too cruel setting.
1,I don't know why this is over 9 points. ㅉㅉ......
6,I just saw it. Because of the high expectations... If you don't like drama, don't watch it.
1,This isn't right
1,It's a little...
5,The rating is too high.
3,A little funny and very boring movie. Is there any American comedy?
6,Am I not good at watching movies? Why am I not impressed?
5,The ending was good, but... I didn't like this story. an irascible film
6,It wasn't as good as I expected
5,a so-called masterpiece of self-praise among American children
5,A man who's been raised like that from the beginning wouldn't know the outside
6,Not as much as I expected.
6,I felt as if I had become a viewer of the Truman Show and it was unpleasant the whole time. Truman's human rights?
3,The awkwardness of discussing human rights without weight and trying to match SF kills the novelty of the material
5,It's not a touching movie with a higher rating than a movie
6,It's not just amazing
5,It's just a light movie...
6,I don't want to end it
1,I don't understand this crap movie of my life
1,When I was a child, I thought that someone was experimenting when it was hard and painfulI can't believe you made it into a movie
5,Topic movie...The material was fresh and good, but it was noticeable that it was unlikely. an unfortunate management
6,What a violent society we live in. It's sad
3,It was boring the whole time. Maybe it's because I knew the story beforehand
1,The movie has to be meaningful.It's unique, but it's ruined a soft human being
1,You can't make a dog psycho movie like this even if you die Do you understand?
4,Even after 10 years, it's the worst... Because of the unique setting, I give two stars
1,That's ridiculousHuman selfishness, which has ruined a person's life, is really the worst
1,What's this? Seriously...I'm so disappointed.
6,A good movie... However, the hook that catches the emotions is weak.
1,Oh, I got a good rating.-- Don't look; I regret it 100%.
6,Why is it so high?-_-; Good idea, but not very
5,I don't understand why this is in the 9-point range
1,I think it's about 6 points, but the score is too high, so 1 point. a movie that is so unrealistic
1,It's just a movie that you get sick of right after watching it once.
1,It's so boring
6,Is it so amazing that you went up the stairs of a movie that you don't have anything to say?
1,It's not fun
5,The plot to a disgusting happy ending with a novel material
6,I'm not a genius, but please refrain from exaggerating. You have great ideas and directing skills
6,Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? The ending is in vain.
6,What did you want to say?lol
1,The content is novel but not touching.It's worse than I thought
1,I'm losing interest in classic masterpieces. This movie that was touching is also a relief.
5,I'll only relate to the originality of the material The rest is okay
6,It's just...  It doesn't make sense. It's a little funny
5,It's human beings who overcome and overcome fearThere's nothing left but what is this?
6,To be honest, I don't think there was anything that stood out. It's only ten years ago.
6,I don't think this movie has such a high ranking.
1,Compared to Malbi, I can only give you 1 point.Boring
1,I get irritated.
6,It was unique, but I think this is too much
6,The story was fresh But it wasn't that fun for me, but the rating is good
6,Is it because I'm still young? The delivery of a definite subject has not been delivered properly.
1,7 points
1,not so much;
1,The best movie of my life
1,I was bored the whole time watching
1,I didn't like it
1,a good movie
1,I don't like it, that's all
1,It didn't touch me compared to the gruesome rating. That's all
1,It didn't hit me
1,Honestly, it wasn't very interesting
4,It's different for everyone. I think it's like a psycho movie. It's ridiculous
6,It doesn't seem so convincing
5,The material is good, but it's not fun
2,A boring movie that got hooked on reviews.
4,I didn't like it because I watched the movie after watching the review of this work cursing.
4,a movie that didn't live up to expectations
4,I slept
6,The fictional self that stands out in the community, to the greater world outside the Truman Zone
4,I don't know if there's a rating like this...It's so boring...The obvious ending... My acting skills are frustrating
1,It's really boring... It's not touching. A movie I don't want to recommend
1,Don't be so bored
6,Something that everyone can imagine
5,I don't think there was anything that big.
3,Your horoscope is too much.
3,좋아요.
5,I don't like this absurd movie
1,Does that make sense?
1,It's boring in the first half. The ending is so empty;; I don't understand why the rating is high
1,The director in the movie is devilish. zzz
1,It was much better to watch the hidden camera garbage
1,A ridiculous film of imprisonment, attempted murder and all sorts of crimes committed and watching it
6,I don't think it's funny
3,The reviews are so good... I wonder if there's such an ugly movie.
6,It ends in a weird way to go
5,Please don't force yourself.That's a good idea, but...cliché
5,Honestly, I didn't like it.
6,I tried to break away from my daily routine, but...I didn't like it
1,There's a hell of a movie. Go to hell!
6,Well, it was a new try, but I don't know
1,Shawshank is number one. We need to cut it
3,I turned it off while watching it...
1,Just a drama
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's a movie that's worth it, but the rating is a little exaggerated
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,Why is this in the top?
2,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,Instead of throwing away the breathing techniques that action should have, the technique is the movie you chose
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
5,It was boring... Unrealistic...
6,If this was real, I'd wake up with the Human Rights Commission -_-
6,a bit of fun + a bit of meaning
1,The message is good, but it's boring.
1,The message is very good.But I can't give you more than 8 points.
5,I don't know.
6,too high a score
3,Scale-up hidden camera
3,Directing that draws serious interpretation +3. But losing points and distracting gaze
1,It's not even funny!There's a show...What is this?
3,It's just funny
4,I don't like it
1,It wasn't good.
1,The most ridiculous movie on Naver with "Protect the Earth."6 to 7 points is enough.
6,If there is a god, aren't we all Truman anyway?
4,The story is new and good.Third place is too high
1,It's kind of fun, but it's not third place. Let's lower the rating
6,It's plain... be not interesting at all the time
1,This kind of thing happens all the time.ㅉㅉ
6,It's just worth watching
1,I admit the peculiarity, but it's not a masterpiece with a rating of more than nine
1,Bad bad bad bad!!!
3,네 알겠습니다
3,It's a bit of fun, though it's absurd to set it in the present.
5,not much
1,It's below the radio star.
5,Less than three expectations
2,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
3,Jim Carrey is amazing.
1,I was going to watch TV by chance, but my brother turned it off
5,A movie to watch when I turn on TV without thinking
1,The Perfect Trash Movie
3,No matter how well you interpret it, you can't get more than 7 points. 3 points are appropriate
1,so, that
1,so, that
1,I think this score is too generous.Water level control
1,It's too high. It's not this high.
1,I don't understand people who find this kind of movie fun
6,It's natural to know that your friends are with you when you threaten your wife.A loophole!
6,The main character was so stupid.
4,below expectations
1,It was so much fun, but I'll just give you one.LOL
1,I couldn't relate to it
1,It was boring, but the message was good!
3,Only the idea was good
5,Jim Carrey looks good in comedy.
1,It's not fun and I'm not moved...
6,A movie with good ideas...
1,What's the contrived feeling of the whole time?
1,Is it a masterpiece if you have good ideas?
6,If I were in this situation,
1,It's the first time I've fallen asleep than a movie
1,Hello. Thank you for your hard work.
1,It's innovative, but the rating of 9 is too much
3,I really don't understand the rating. Other than the original material, it's not...
5,I don't understand the rating
1,Just.
1,The story of forgiving the cruel public.
1,It's Arogyn. It's made.NAVER GPA, all elementary school kids...a poor movie
1,꽤 훌륭하지만 훌륭하지는 않은.
1,Truman. Truman?
1,I'm gonna do a comedy.
1,I was so sleepy that I fell asleep
1,It's not good. It has a high rating
1,I don't like it
2,dull and somewhat dull
1,It wasn't fun.
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,The rating is too high
1,Jim is an expert in comedy
1,a motion-picture film Was he really happy to know the truth?
3,Extra-large hidden camera. Humans love peeking.It doesn't make sense. It's a complete nonsense
1,The atmosphere is so far from the message of the movie
5,Do something at the end... The ending is annoying
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Movies have different tastes
5,It's not interesting
6,The ending is too vague
1,Let's lower the rating.
1,Hidden camera
1,It's just a movie
6,It's kind of sloppy...Well, that was a good idea, but...I didn't have enough to lead the story
4,How can viewers feel pity after 30 years?
5,have a problem with
1,I like the material...lol
1,I didn't show you too much!
3,I don't understand the rating.Most of them have good grades.This is very disappointing!
6,I understand the intention, but it didn't touch my heart.
1, camera
5,Somehow
1,The score is too high. It should be 8 points
6,A movie to watch comfortably
1,Cruel film, did Jim get paid? Isn't it just the victim?
4,It wasn't very... a little boring
6,There is no replay in your life.
1,Absurd.
1,Why is the rating so high--
1,Honestly, it was really boring...What's that? It's the last time you go out and it ends.
1,To put it in a word, "zzZ
4,It's even more amazing to get such a high rating
5,Jim Carrey's most artificial film
6,I just wish...The topic is good; the movie was sleepy
4,It wasn't that bad.
1,The last one is...
1,The last emptiness...
6,First of all, it should be fun, but it's not fun
3,into a boring routine
1,It wasn't- it was boring the whole time
6,I don't know if it's because I know the story roughly...
5,The whole time I watch it, I remember Steven Spielberg's "Meeting the Unknown" -_-
1,I can't believe the hidden camera got 9.50... KIN, eat up
1,Jim Carrey is the best! It's a forced but fun setting!
6,Good idea, but...There are so many contradictions.Even though it's a movie...Please
5,It was so good that I was curious if the movie was about me
5,It's a movie I want to watch again, but...I don't think it's the best
