스피릿
1,Always understand that air traffic is good for you.
3,Boring. The Americans describe the cavalry in a relatively bad way, and the Indians in a relatively good way It's interesting, but it's impossible for an Indian to give a mare as expensive as gold to a male horse. It's because it's a cartoon. That free pack of horses will be captured in a week.
6,How important freedom is.
6,Wild horses and Indians that can never be conquered.They are nature.
1,Looks like you need a rating adjustment.
1,Let's start the ship evaluation adjustment.
6,Dynamic movement, overwhelming OST
1,It's really good, but the rating is a bit too much
6,The story of nature and freedom from the point of view of words. However, without personifying the horse childishly (unlike Disney), the lines were only narrated, so I could concentrate more on the horse's actions and situations, and the scene running through the canyon was full of excitement.
5,His visual beauty and expressiveness are amazing.
1,It's fun. Let's lower the rating
1,I shouldn't have seen a crap movie -- crazy
1,The reason why gabber is criticized
1,Why Can't I Believe My Gabeber Score?
1,Oh, my
1,I'm here to get the grade
1,I'm a poor student.
1,the best movie
2,The rating was high, so I thought it would be a great Annie for kindergarten or elementary school students. If you give me 7 points, it will be the same, so the rating will be low
2,It's good for kindergarten killing time^^ Touching that lasts for an hour!
6,It is less interesting than when I first saw it, but the OST and background are the best animations.
1,I really liked the song.I didn't think it was funny.Is your taste unique?;;
6,Graphics and music are impressive
5,From a wild horse to a true horse. The free echo of the earth.
1,How dare you, Western pioneers?
2,As expected, Spirit is really fun.It's the best. Impressive
1,The worst animation ever. an old-fashioned I can only remember the sound of crying.
1,a failure of animation
6,Visual, background, music is good, but the story is boring
1,Since there's nothing to do with DreamWorks, I'm copying Disney
3,I can feel the amazing power of Hollywood. In Annie's case, some of Japan's numbers are below.
5,It's a bit touching.But it doesn't last long.
