사랑과 영혼
1,I wish a woman had taken a picture of me when I was in a fight with a robber in Shubat, but she was shouting "Somebody" and it was frustrating
4,There are times when American romance is very childish. The main character of the tragedy is action while being a ghost.Mystery, adventure, and the wild witch saw Demi Moore's visuals.
1,If you look at it now, it's too childish and sloppy
6,I'm watching this and I'm so scared. The sound effects are crude but I only use scary things. Even though I watch scary scenes, the story doesn't match the modern sentiment because it's an old story. It's a completely different movie from the poster, so please refer to it It's not like sentimental feeling. And just date a fortune teller and a male lead. It's fun
6,The magic of love that I can't forget even if I die
2,The movie Demi Moore's life ruined
6,I don't remember clearly, but I think it was fun.
3,It is strange to be ranked eighth.
6,A film that features a small but impressive sketch of the soul and a philosophical production of death. Of course, I can't forget the long take of the ceramic scene.
1,To glorify and to make a man die by becoming a ghost, and to make heaven... Isn't it contradictory to be innocent or guilty? I should have paid more attention to the script. I don't think this is it.
6,Beauty pushed by the order of the standardized handwriting.
6,This is really President Hong.
1,It's a famous scene and OST, but it's a subject and genre that doesn't fit me. A work that brought fame to Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze. Don't bother looking for a movie starring Demi Moore later. Except for "Apu Goodman"
5,The story isn't bad, but the production is... What would have happened without Woopie Goldberg?
1,What a load of rubbish Even in 1990 this was a bit too much.
1,It's a movie that I can't understand if a ghost who killed two people can go to heaven, even if it's revenge
6,It's not a movie that breaks the wall of time, though, with actors' performances and OSTs that forget childishness
1,It's a loophole to touch and not touch
6,The movie itself is a fun and time-consuming romantic comedy, but the most impressive scene in the movie is the early love scene. I can't forget the romantic kiss scene with the light on one side.
5,The comedy element was stronger than I thought; I keep thinking of Sister Act as I watch it --; there are many scenes that are quite conventional. It's not fresh.But the last scene is considered a highlight
1,The reason why this kind of graduation is highly regarded in Korea is because of parody in variety shows
6,It's a good thing to say that it's like a movie.
5,I didn't know at the time why so many women were fascinated by this movie.
6,Demi Moore and the music saved
6,Ghost
6,To put it mildly, the sadness of protecting the loved one stands out. childishness in a bad way
1,What if he dies and his soul stays here for a certain period of time?I think I'll go to all the places where women take off their clothes
6,Interesting settings like dreaming, there is no shortage of time
6,a film unbecoming of a masterpiece It's a childish and crude third-rate movie now.
1,When was it?
1,The rating is too high
1,This isn't right.
1,This isn't right.I'm reporting it.
2,It's kind of boring
1,I don't really...
3,It was good at the end, but overall
6,I give this rating to Demi Moore. The movie is...  BOO ..
6,Romance that goes beyond simple melodrama. Sam and Molly's pottery scene is the best.
1,The CG is so weak
1,It's a movie I've only seen recently, but I couldn't get rid of the obvious feeling of a new drama
3,Light and in-depth footage, and the actors' lack of acting skills also played a part
1,It was an unprecedented movie that was not comparable in Korea or the world
5,The OST is good and there are many memorable scenes.
5,It's childish, but if it's this kind of love, I can wait...
1,Pretentious touching... Lack of acting skills... a film in which only Woopi's acting ability shone
2,a fun but impure film
6,It wasn't as good as I thought. I was looking forward to it
1,June 25th
