오세암
1,Oh... I totally fell for the rating. The title was a bit suspicious, and throughout the movie, there was no touching point and it was childish "What's this?" But I still watched it until the end with a 9 point rating and a belief that there must be something. Oh, my. Really...This is a Buddhist movie that is completely disguised as a sad story of siblings who miss their mothers. If you're a Buddhist, you don't care if you see it or not, but if you're an atheist like me or if you want to feel sad, don't be fooled by the ratings.It's not fun! It's not touching! Oh! My precious time!
1,It's hard to hold it in because of the voice actor.
1,
6,It's a heart-warming Annie. I'm sorry for the ending
1,I really like family movies, but they were not my style. Maybe it's because I'm watching it at double speed
1,First meal of Nino-Louis Tone
1,Accountant Fish and Emperor Inhito's Developed Country
6,Nuclear cancer cartoon. I feel sorry for the monk.
1,Imported Backs and Hair Temperance
1,This is a rating manipulation. It's just a Buddhist cartoon, not a movie
1,The Korean movie is a new wave movie. The Shinpa movie is not fun.
1,When I was young, I was forced to watch it by my school teacher, but it was not fun and I don't know why I was sad.That's what life looks like because I believe in Buddhism uncivilizedly. For your information, I am a member of Illuminati and Freemason Korea.Awakening, uncivilized, enlightened newcomers you never know
5,Everything is good, but everything you do while watching your little brother is very, very dark
4,I don't think there was much to it
1,Man born in 1991 I usually enjoy watching touching movies and shedding tears If you watch this movie after seeing the poster at 6 oseam release in 2003, you will cry all weekI didn't look because I wanted to2017 Oh Seam... Child abuse abandonment tears don't make me angry child abuse abandonment no tears...That's absurd.
1,No mother, no mother, no sister is blind, but after killing her, she glorifies the world
1,It's an animation for Buddhist evangelism.
1,Why do you make me cry?ㅠㅠㅠ
1,Sadness. I don't like this kind of movie. My heart aches
4,The content that fell off while rolling more sad things
1,It's touching, but... I can't help but feel sad about the lost child. It was uncomfortable to use the material like beef bone and the quality of Annie itself was very low.
1,It's just... I don't think it's my type
2,To be honest, I don't know what's so touchingI was sad, but I feel sorry for the child who doesn't have any parents I feel so sorry for the kid ㅜㅜ I'll be disappointed if I look forward to the grade
1,That's why Gilson died. Why does he leave him alone in the mountains and go grocery shopping? He's under arrest for neglecting children
3,Persimmon is ugly. It's tongue twister
1,It was worth watching, but then...
1,The rating is too high. Not even Buddhism
6,Other than that, I wonder why the main male character, the child, was so trashy.Did you take into account that you didn't have a home education because you didn't you? I stole the clothes of the monk who came out after the cold water friction, and the clothes of the monks who are training in the Supreme Court. If I were born with this thief, I would have beaten him until OO
1,A movie a lot is also something. ...
1,It's about Buddhism, but it's not fun and I don't recommend it
1,The rating is too high.Not good.
1,@Meeting with a person who doesn't know what to draw, and a person who doesn't know what to pay for the person who draws.In this way, tragedy cannot be avoided, apart from the common compliment(?), of netizens, who do not know whether it is an audience or an illegal copy downloader.Money, in the sky, is not food that falls
1,It's a really annoying animation. He's like a master of art.-_-; I downloaded it and watched it with my child, and I stopped watching it and did something else.
2,have nothing to say
1,It's a novel written by a man, and it's also Buddhism
4,Typical symphonic story and cliche annoying child.
1,It's too old for Annie who made it in 2003.I don't think there's anything sad about that. But Solka is really bad at making it.
5,9.32 I don't think it's a movie to get
5,This kind of movie is so old-fashioned
1,It's not fun
1,It's not funny
6,I guess I'm emotionally dry.
1,I slept soundly
3,Until the last few minutes, it was a teardrop, but it was too Buddhist
4,Too much or too little. Too much emphasis on purity is too much to be desired.
1,It's Oh Seam?It's the same...
5,an overrated, cliche animation The only freshness is that it is a Buddhist material.
1,bad
1,What's the score?
5,Actually, I watched it several times, but I didn't understand what it was about...It's too hard, so I gave you a little star
3,a stupid animated film
5,This isn't some kind of language listening test.
6,It was quite touching. It's worth seeing.
1,I didn't feel anything. And it's not funny.
5,A religious cartoon?
1,a far-fetched impression without a story
6,The rating is too high.
1,Is my feelings dry? It's just... it's depressing all day.
1,It is not a 9.23 rating rating adjustment required;;
6,It's a shame that it's gone fast
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's not Annie
4,It's touching, but it doesn't leave a lingering impression on me
5,Throughout the movie, it begins with sorrow and ends with sadness.
1,It's not sad, it's not fun, it's totally zero! Look at the hubbub!
1,......it's not that funny or touching.
1,I don't usually do logins, but... It's a crap movie when I've seen it.--ㅡㅡ
5,The story is not good enough. You can only make legends like this?
1,I looked at the ratings...Why did I watch it? It's trash
1,I saw it at the theater before. It's not funny.
5,I really cry a lot...Why can't I cry?
6,It's not that...
1,Why is the rating so high?;;; orphan blind;;;;; It's a story that's
2,It's just boring.
6,Sloppy story, sloppy background, short running time - two or three yawns, the end of the movie
1,I will never watch this because I am in Korea. He's throwing up.
6,To be honest, to impress, forced setting and extreme ending... I don't like it
2,I'm not...I don't know where it's sad.
1,It's really not fun. Don't get fooled by the score
5,Am I the only one who thinks it's cruel?
6,The flaw is that it's too simple, but it's pure emotion...
1,Wow, good
1,It was really boring... ㅜ.ㅜ
1,I think it's not enough.Every scene is childish in my critical thinkingI can feel it
4,No matter how patient I may be, I can't see. a new drama
6,an easy-to-see fairy tale
6,I wasn't impressed much, but 1 point was a little too much.
1,Ratatouille, ratatouille, ratatouille
1,Ratatouille wins
6,Annie doesn't seem to be touched
1,Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That'sadHowever, there is no mercy on horoscopes
6,좋아요.
5,I asked because I heard it was sad
4,Far from that oseam... an irritating, disgusting, predictable story
1,Why is there no technological progress in Korean comics even after so many?
2,A movie that's just like that
1,It's not funny
2,The most boring and fictional ending
1,To be honest, it's jam-up
1,That's cool.
1,It's so obvious.
1,Top
6,The movie I watched at the training camp. So, it's memorable, but...
6,It's worth seeing.
6,I expected it to be really really sad, but it wasn't sad...
6,It wasn't that fun.
3,It's not sad, it's not visible...
1,Let's not just rate it with patriotism. Talentless Korean Current Animation
1,I'm in charge of ranking
1,a sad new drama It's a movie for elementary school students.
1,I got it right in the beginning. I couldn't even feel the emotion of 1g.
3,His voice sounded strange.
1,It's not that bad.
3,Is my feelings dry?
2,The original is Shinpa, and the creator is a craftsman.
1,A story that doesn't touch me at all and a weird ending song...
1,Wow... I can't believe this has such a high rating...
1,a waste of money
4,I don't know... I think I saw the limitations of Korean animation...
5,I'm really looking forward to it. It's bland. The character's dubbing is awkward, too.;
5,The completeness is very disappointing, and the connection between the stories is even more disappointing.
1,I saw it in the theater and it's a waste of money to do it on TV.
6,When I was in elementary school, it was like I was watching a comedy show.Like watching a very moral kbs drama
1,I don't like the movie, so 1 point...
3,The worst voice actor's story is also...
6,Visual, bittersweet story completeness, and expressiveness are all below expectations
6,How should I say this?
4,The story of leading too much toward Buddhism is enjoyable
2,A sad and beautiful development is not enough for a dog's permission. Unnecessary CG
1,--;ㅡㅡ;
1,I saw Oh Seam today, and the story is not the same
1,What? It's not fun. I have to show you a movie
1,So annoying. You think this is funny? I'm writing it down because I'm mad at you. Jjanga
1,The level is low.
1,Don't look
2,It's a really annoying story
1,As expected, I felt the limitations of Korean animation. Is this a theater or a cartoon?
1,The movie scene isn't coming out. 10
5,It's a really cool piece of work.It showed the hope of Korean animation
1,I didn't expect to turn a blind eye in Korea.
5,It's not a good movie
6,It's too sensuous.
1,It's so touching, so sad and so proud...
5,not much
5,I really liked the innocence of Gil Son.^^
