로마의 휴일
1,I'll lower the rating
6,In reality, she would have raked a lot of money out of sexual assault and made money, and the princess would have suffered so much damage that she couldn't even come back alive, and those reporters would have touched so much money, unrealistic characters, and so the movie is beautiful.,
6,It was nice to see Audrey Hepburn's acting that I've only heard of.
1,Pariou You; Nunilla and the Nikolai Solarwind
1,It's not fun?
1,For me, who is a beginner in English, it was very uncomfortable to watch without subtitles.
1,This kind of thing is called a movie.ㅉㅉ
4,It is a lovely and obvious classic movie that you can enjoy lightly.
6,60 years is a bummer
3,??? Why is it a masterpiece?
5,A film for Audrey Hepburn.
6,duty to one's country and family, a short romance and a long aristocratic duty
1,123456789012 doesn't seem like a movie with a rating of about that much.36
5,I like them all... Too many people have to make sacrifices for the deviation of one princess.
6,The fast-paced love story that would have worked at the time
1,One of my ideal types, Audrey Hepburn and William Weiler, are directors.
1,Why did you make the movie black and white?
5,Is it really fun?
1,Pathetic soldiers who are moved by the obvious scenario. less than a hundredth of Capra's film
3,It's a bit boring...It's not as fun as I thought. Romance movies are boring
5,Just a boring love story between a paparazzi and a runaway princess ^^
6,It's not that funny
1,What is this? I thought I was going to die watching a boring black and white movie
1,Good
1,It's a waste of time
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
1,I turned it off after 10 minutes --;ㅡㅡ;
1,not so much;
6,Isn't that too childish? Hepburn is pretty, but...
1,Hmm... Not really
6,좋아요.
6,Just watch
1,I am generous
1,...not much
1,Personally, I didn't like it. Did I have high expectations?
1,I don't understand...
6,Personally, I wasn't impressed, but...a masterpiece
6,좋아요.
6,There are many impressive scenes
6,What are you going to do?I'm a 21st century young man.
6,Hepburn is so pretty
6,It's not up to my expectations.
5,It is good for sightseeing in Rome, but the story is not interesting.
1,Wow, this kind of movie...
1,It's a classic masterpiece, but if it looks profound on the outside, it's definitely 10 points
5,The movie is black and white. I like the collar
1,It's like shit
