뷰티풀 마인드
2,Ugh, it's not fun. Totally no fun ㅠㅠ I thought it would be fun, but it's not fun.
1,I understand why people give high ratings. It's a touching story. However, if you watch this in a movie, you can't give a high score. Stories that are cut off, bland developments, and events that are solved too easily cannot induce excitement from the audience. In other words, it is a movie that can be enjoyed by non-rational people who are easily swayed by emotions. They must be overwhelmed by the fact that it's a true story. Forgetting that what you're watching is a movie,
1,I looked at the ratings, and it's boring and boring that some delusional psychopath has accomplished something What a waste of time
4,Stimulating studying? Why is this...? Did I look forward to it too much? I thought Shutter Island was inspired by this movie.
1,a psychotic story That's too beautiful.ㅉㅉ
1,It's a great movie to show a senile old man -- I'm going to let a senile old man sit still
6,I saw it on the recommendation of an economics professor. The content is good, but the movie was boring.
5,I don't know if it's because I'm looking forward to it too much, but I just
1,No, this is a faraway movie
6,Boring and ultimately overcoming mental illness.
1,a highly regarded film The story was cut off and I thought it was distracting, but the story that came out in the book was made into a movie.  The joints of each chapter were not natural due to the director's lack of competence. A movie that wouldn't have been saved without a twist. 1 point to lower the rating
2,It is very different from the contents of the book. It seems too focused on 'love'.
1,It was a movie about how you overcame mental illness.When did you publish your paper when you were crazy?
5,It was so boring... crying
4,The Life of an American Scientist Overcome the Rise
1,It's really boring...  An ordinary person like me can't heal or relate to a special person's story
4,It wasn't as fun as I thought. At the end of the day, it seemed to leave a lingering impression, but other than that, it was all boring.
6,Bored,,,,,,,,
6,Ah... Like math... It's not easy
4,I was looking forward to it, but I'm disappointed that it didn't have much content.
6,It's just a human drama. It's a bummer
6,The content is serious, but it is regrettable that the main character's low acting skills interfere with immersion.
2,I heard it was an unexpected movie, so I watched it carefully to see if there was a twist behind it, but schizophrenia was just an unexpected twist -- I'm a bit disappointed. The spring story is good,
1,The whole movie is boring...
3,Is God fair while watching the movie? The question of does not go away.
2,Did I miss the movie? It was such a well-received movie that I was looking forward to it so much that I personally didn't like it. I couldn't concentrate because I was bored. If I watch it again, I wonder if it's a good movie
1,It's so, so, so boring
1,Best movie ever. Jennifer Connellie.
5,The story was good, but I was bored in the middle.
1,It seems to be the best bubble movie ever
1,When you become a university professor, a woman voluntarily dashes you in a day
4,Overcoming schizophrenia with my wife. But it's so boring with the character
6,As brilliant as his efforts to overcome, her devoted love was
3,It's a touching movie, but... A movie that you feel betrayed when you find the truth. The main character had a wife like that, but she cheated on her and made her pregnant, and there was no optical illusion like that, just hearing hallucinations.
6,It's about hallucinations.I couldn't see my wife's commitment because I turned it over. It feels like watching a horror movie. Of course, I'm touched at the end
1,I don't like... It's not even funny. There's nothing left.
2,It's not funny, it's not touching, it's boring, it's not interesting
6,The story is disappointed by the distracting and sloppy production. Ron Howard is sure of the bubble. Above all, the theme of love is not even revealed in the movie. A movie that ends with Russell Crowe's one-man show. The flicking scenes interrupt the movie's immersion. It's definitely not an Academy Award-winning movie
5,Squeeze out a forced emotion
6,A work that beautifully depicts the great but sad life of a genius mathematician.
6,I had no prior knowledge and interest in real people.It was not very fun and boring. ^^:
6,I don't know
1,I think I will be a psychopath while watching this movie;;;;;
1,If only two things are directed, the reality of the movie and the island of the work are overlooked
5,It was a movie that was worth watching but uncomfortable to direct.
6,I don't know why this movie won an Academy Award
1,What is this? I was fooled by the rating.The composition and storytelling are sloppy
1,Why are you saying it's funny?
6,I'm bored! Russell Crowe's old makeup skills are good
6,I thought it was real, but it was real.But I couldn't help being bored.
5,The baby is the cutest
6,The movie is great, John Nash. I know it's great, but the rating is too high.
2,It's really annoying. You're making me a crazy genius.
1,Korean people give too much marks to American movies --ㅡㅡ
3,It's not true. It's too common, too boring. It's a cheap touching movie
1,Oh, the rating. Totally foam. There's no conflict with the movie. The movie that I'm proud of when I didn't doze off
1,I don't like the last one.
3,I think it's too glorified
6,an easy-going film
1,I think about 8 points is appropriate.
1,8.5 seems appropriate What do you mean, true story? It's scary...It's worth watching
6,It was worth seeing
5,In the eyes of a math major, it's not very...
1,The director's contrived impression and heroization strategy is a pathetic movie that shows a pathetic plot
1,Nam Bo-won's Phew. "I shouldn't have seen it. I should have seen it on the blind side."
1,It is touching, but the rating is too high. And if I watch this movie, I don't think I'll throw it away
1,If you want something funny, don't watch it It's not fun at all -,-;;ㅡ,ㅡ;;
1,too generous of a score
1,I think this movie is the first boring movie from start to finish.Look at the rating. It's driving me crazy.
6,I don't think it's a movie to make a fuss about
1,It was boring and boring.There was no such thing as being moved
1,Why is the rating so high? It's so boring and unimpressed...
1,Is it because my expectations are high?  It was boring and bad...
1,Honestly, it was so boring
1,I don't like it at all. It's just for English listening practice A touch that you can't find anywhere else but the fountain pen scene.
6,It's not a really boring multi-personality twist.
6,"Everyone is bullied by their past"
1,Somehow
1,I don't like things like this
5,A movie that only had the main character's acting skills
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
6,As a math lover, I just envy his passion
6,A movie that halts the fun... It was a true story and lacked drama.
1,It's so boring! It's weird!Totally.
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,Not really
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
5,Being a genius is a tough life in a way
5,The rating is too high.
3,There's a message, but...American self-congratulatory film...I don't believe in the Academy.
1,Why am I bored?
2,If you don't like this movie, watch "Superstar Audience"
6,It's very movie-like... that's it's worth
1,Well, I don't think I'm feeling it.
6,It's not funny
1,More than half of them are made up.
5,Hollywood genius movie...Nothing more, nothing less
5,What's this?
6,The movie was beautiful. It's pitiful to see a real person named John Nash as the motif
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's a war.
1,You think you can let go of crazy things just because you're better than others?a ridiculous movie
1,What kind of people watch this movie?
1,Only Americans Will Be Impressed
4,It's kind of boring
1,It's not that beautiful
5,It was boring
6,A rocking genius. The love of a noble woman is touching.
1,Hmm... What kind of touching...--ㅡㅡ
2,Human theater would be more touching. I don't know what to say
1,I'm going to die. I'm just going to watch an art movie
1,I almost died watching this
5,It's not a movie that will give you 10 points
6,Why didn't I like this?
2,I was looking forward to it. I slept.
4,Fresh material, Nash equilibrium. // "Math." You said it's a movie, but math is 30 seconds?
1,I don't like to be bored
1,I don't really... It's not that...
5,Artistry 8 Entertainment 4 Satisfaction 2
6,He talks about many things in a vague and subjective way. a lack of empathy
1,How can you give this kind of score to a movie like this? What's with the experts, did you get paid?
6,Ganchan was a movie. But more touching than this movie, Manta
1,not much
4,Maybe because I fell asleep, it wasn't good.
1,Forever number one movie is, of course, "The Shawshank Escape" and will continue to be!
2,I don't know what the hell you're talking about.I'm just sleepy. I don't watch movies.T
6,Honestly, it's not a 9-point movie
1,It wasn't very exciting
1,I honestly didn't find it funny.
6,Genius is lonely
1,It's hard to watch a movie for a long time.
1,Just like most movies based on books...
1,Let's take out the foam!
1,The theme is love. The twist is sloppy.It's non-fiction, but fun is half-hearted.
3,Is my feelings too dry?
2,I'm sick and tired of overcooked russell croissants
4,Books are more fun
1,Russell Crowe Anti
1,so, that
1,A movie that doesn't suit me. It wasn't touching. It's okay
5,A movie that doesn't suit me. It wasn't touching. It's not that bad.
1,I don't know why it's a twist.That's too bad
6,It was a startling twist.; Other than that, I don't like it
1,I told you to go
1,I don't like the fact that I did it once on a public TV show. It's a masterpiece
6,The emotion and family love of human triumph over schizophrenia.
5,It's not bad.It's not a 9-point one!
1,You just saw the numbers going around and found the code. Are you kidding me?
1,Critics love this kind of movie
1,I'm bored. Yawn
4,If you want to be a genius, look at the fantasy
1,a sleeping pill-like movie
5,A movie that I really enjoyed watching.
1,You have to give a good rating to Korean movies. All foreign countries?
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,I don't like Choi Minsoo and Russell Crowe from Hollywood
6,an obvious Hollywood movie that cries out for humanism
6,I checked the rating, but it doesn't meet my expectations.
3,I was hoping for too much.
3,This is what it's like to be vague.What is the Nobel Prize?
1,It's a touching movie
1,Resell acting is good but regrettable
1,What is it?
6,I really don't understand a lot of good reviews...
1,Psychodrama...You should know that the main character is a mental illness.If not, eyes.
1,I regretted paying for it.
6,Just the last scene...
5,It was a bit boring for a movie based on a true story
5,This is about a genius mathematician, right? I find this boring
1,It's the same. Wonyoung looks like her, so she's showing off her face.
6,Boring... Even if a person is too smart, he or she is tired
6,I hate Russell Crowe, but the movie was good
6,not much.
5,I don't like it. But people are almost perfect scorers
4,That's what I saw. With four points.
5,I hated this movie because I had a headache.I like twists, but...crying
5,I like the title
3,It is different from the impression that books give.
6,There was an unexpected twist, but it wasn't such a shocking twist.
5,The reason why I think of Mulder is...Haha
1,What is this? A movie that was very boring. Only the twist is worth watching
1,What a touching movie... I like it
1,Russell Crowe, you didn't hit the coach this time?LOL
1,It is a touching math story.
5,ㅠㅠ I don't know if it's because the show that summarizes the movie revealed everything.I don't want to watch TV
5,I guess my expectations were too high.The development was boring, and I felt like I've seen a psychodrama. The conclusion was that American Nobel laureate hero
