드래곤 길들이기 3
4,If you think about the first episode, it's a sad choice. If you think about the second episode,
4,Do I have to fall?
6,I thought my previous works were well-made, so I hit it higher than I thought. It was unnecessarily weird voice actors, so I increased the number of dubbing theaters, so if it wasn't good to see, did the dubbing work out well? Not really. Let's go! When I first heard this, I wanted to go out. I like that series finished well, but it wasn't that fun. It's the third episode to show that this movie ended, but I was generally disappointed
3,The voice actors' voices feel like they're playing separately.
1,Feminism got on me from part 2 and I smelled it, but it's a mess from the 3rd round. ㅇㅅㅇ; A story that no woman can answer
6,A welcome homage, phenomenal cinematic beauty, and a touching ending that shines as the final installment of the series rather than an independent film.
3,These days, children turn a blind eye if they make it too much for children
5,The writer or director who raises a cat projects it onto the dragon, everyone! Look at our dragon doing pretty things!!! It's half done. Look at the wonderful dragons flying in this wonderful sky and the mysterious background! It's half done. The rest are infant-level conflicts, conflict resolution, and obvious action scenes.
6,The villains are getting bland.
6,Honestly, it's a bummer. I don't know if it's because I enjoyed watching the previous works, but it ended in a vague way. too cluttered graphics I don't think the fourth episode will come out. The ending, too. Perfect for killing time
6,I don't like the characters around me.
3,I hate it from part two, but part three is the height of the charge. Give me the impressions of my part one
6,It was hoped that there would be more scenes of fighting enemies more combatively, but rather, there were many people, dragons, and endless love lines, which hindered the movie.
4,The least interesting part of the series is the love of the dragon, so if you show too much in 1 and 2, it will be boring and boring. I think it will be the last episode, but I made it too boring...
6,I think the content was a little worse than the first and second episodes. But the Toothless babies were cute.
2,It's just for my eyes. I'm not that good
4,It's just... I think I saw it as a loyalty.It's cute, but it's just the story that ends so far. ㅠㅠ I saw a comment that said it was touching and made me cry, but it wasn't that bad I don't understand why you cry when you cry well.I just think it ended well
6,It's not as fun as the previous one.Let's look forward to the fourth episode, not the third one.
6,It's not as good as the previous one
1,It's the worst part of the Dragon Taming series
4,It's a commercial children's animation movie. Ha... It's a story that's obvious. It's like a cute cat. ㄴWhat a waste of time
6,an unexpected happy parting It was a good time.
6,The series that ended in time,
6,The original and second episodes were great, but the ending was a series of clichés and a predictable ending. I don't have imagination, but I can't love the dragon in the same order as humans.
6,It was more fun than I thought
2,It's a movie for kids. It's for elementary school kids
6,The kids love it
6,The kids enjoyed it
5,At some point, the dragon appears to be a winged salamander with a cat's face.
6,It was like watching Lion King. It wasn't as good as I thought
1,You're one for the rest of the next.
3,The round dragon looks perfect for kids I turned it off after 10 minutes
3,Wow, I fell for the comment part-time job. It's worth watching until elementary school.
6,The scale is smaller than the previous one. If you're a fan of this series, you'll be able to end it, but if you're not... I don'
6,It's time for you to grow up.I know it's a responsibility.
1,The movie's favorite group is a woman in her 20s.
6,I watched all the movies in the series...It's not as good as I thought. ^^
5,I still don't forget the fun and emotion that the first episode gave me, but just like the second one, which seemed unnecessary to make, this third one seems to have been dragged by force.
1,It's good to be apart. It's good to be apart.
1,You'll corrupt the house.
6,Compared to episode 1.2, it felt a bit boringThe ending scene is impressive
2,A movie about disabled people riding handicapped animals. the township of the disabled
2,785674576356 was the most fun I've ever seen~~368
6,I went with my son, but I dozed off for a while. I wasn't supposed to do this. Ahem
4,I was a big fan, so I went to see it with my boyfriend, and I was sorry. It's a movie that only fans can enjoy.
1,I'm not good at 12 ㅠㅠ Too bad
6,They said it was fun
2,Pretty dragons and the crystal of a distracting story.
6,I'm not giving up on you. We're friends
6,My son liked it because it was so touching when I released the dragon at the end^^
5,I watched it with my daughter and she said it was boring^^
4,It wasn't fun, but Toothless was cute
6,It was a little difficult for a 5-year-old kid to read, but I enjoyed it
4,As expected, I think the series should stop in the first episode.
6,...the kid was bored
4,Lovely dragons. The scene where Light Puree and Toothless interacted by the river gave a unique and mysterious impression. However, for some reason, it was difficult to immerse themselves in the conversation of the main characters who were only excited, and the villain could not sympathize with what he wanted to do.
6,It's boring. The last part is fun^^
6,It's childish, but you can feel the emotion in it
6,IMAX makes me feel bad. Make sure to watch it on a big screen ㅠㅠ Two-slice is so cute
6,The movie I watched with my family after a long time was fun.
3,I watched it with the kids.  The kids say they like it, but I can't get rid of the feeling that I personally made a story out of it to sell and made a sequel. The first episode of "How to Train Your Dragon" has no originality anywhere. But kids love it.
1,I don't know why I saw this.I don't want to waste even one
3,I guess it was a movie that was hard for an eight-year-old boy to relate to.
6,I enjoyed watching it   It wasn't boring
6,It's not Jijeon Jam. It's just
1,It's fun not to watch the first episode.
6,I watched both episodes. The last one is fun tooI had a great time with the kids~~^^
5,My son said he enjoyed it
6,So so. I'm just saying that. It's just so-so
2,Oh, it's really boring. More than half of the theater goes out in the middle. I slept... I did.
6,A sequel that reminds me of "Leave when you clap."
1,It's a movie about mating a winged salamander
1,It's so boring.Let's not be fooled by the part-time job.
6,At the end, it ends with a happy ending. How to End a Series Correctly
5,A movie that would have been better if it ended in the second episode
6,The third one was not enough, but the last one was enough.
2,Pick a reservation date and lose money.ㅠㅠ Oh, my
5,Are you kidding me? There's only dubbing and not a lot of humerus?
6,I was flustered when the person next to me sniffled at the end Is this a welcome to cry over? It was cute and fun, but I wasn't that moved
6,She enjoyed watching it with her daughter's friend
2,This is the last thing I'm going to do for people who like this episode.
6,It wasn't a bad ending, but it was a bummer More than the sadness of the ending, the sadness of the story
2,I was so bored I was going to go out in the middle to see why Yongdeung was dating, but I watched it until the end, but it wasn't fun at all
5,In the end, DreamWorks' sequel that couldn't avoid the cliche
6,The video was beautiful and the content was like a preview
1,One of the movies that I'm sleepy the whole time I watch and I'll never pay for
5,It's about coexistence and harmony, but it's about breaking up because we don't get along
6,My mom enjoyed watching it, but I think it was a little long for her 8-year-old son But you were so immersed in the song 10 points for me and 6 points for my son
6,I saw "Dogil 3" today. I was so disappointed. Grimel? I can feel the scent of Grindelmo, and the twins are trolls in pairs. And the story of the main character's mom and friend being connected...If I summarize what I'm going to eat, I'll get married Mating? Was the director really lonely?
6,It was meaningful, but it was boredom itself.재If you want to see it as fun, I don't recommend it.
6,It's the growth period of taming dragons
6,I enjoyed watching it with (G)I-DLEHahaha
5,Do people who saw it give you 9-10 points?There are no foreigners who curse at foreign moviesI guess you're paying me a lot of part-timeRaise your hand if you want to answer 5 questions right away. If you want to watch with them, watchIt's not for adults to see, so I'm sure he's right
1,I got motion sickness while watching it in 4D 3D, so I went to the bathroom and vomited. It's the first time in my life that I've had an odd job while watching a movie.
4,I watched it because of the kids, but it was just like that.Seven-year-olds have fun watching it
3,Maybe it's because I'm in the style of supporting the theme in structure The movie is about women being the best plot device. I'm sorry I opened the commercial Femi This author doesn't try at all. I got goosebumps at the ending where he openly favors his son. It's a great movie for my daughters.
5,It's worth watching. I think it's worth watching
1,It's a movie that I won't watch even if I give you 1 million won
4,Mr. Ha! I can't believe my part-timer beat me.You should've finished with the first episode
1,I only watched a movie twice in my life, but I slept well enough and fell asleep even though I went to see it in the evening.
5,It wasn't that bad, but it was worth watching
6,It's like I'm back to my childhood
2,Just play it at a kindergarten or a daycare center. I don't know what you're doing. I can't believe this is eating the theater
6,That wasn't very interesting...
1,They say it's touching, but there's definitely a difference I honestly felt like I was asking for a forced impression It was very boring and sinister, of course it wasn't fun and it could be a definite likes and dislikes
6,Night Fury and Light Fury fell in love for a long time
6,The story was a little poor, but the graphics and art were really great!
6,It was boring in between, but the sight of the dragon flying and the sky was really good. It was disappointing as it was stable.
1,I almost fell asleep at 4dx...
6,It's good for time killing.
6,The impact was weak, but the production was great
6,It's a shame that the villain is too flat. Where does the force go when the dragon falls with one crossbow and gets ugly throughout the movie?
1,It's not fun. Viewers, Su-jun
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kidsBut it's a little long, so six years old is boring
1,It's not fun. He always saves me. anime for children
6,a long shot.
1,I think I've gone too far
6,Personally, the first and second episodes were more fun
6,Please make "How to Train Your Dragon" 5 Please...
6,I guess it's because I didn't watch 1 and 2
2,It's perfect for the kids So-so.
6,I watched it with a 6-year-old boy but I couldn't watch it until the end because I was scared. I'm so sad.@ But maybe it's because I was watching the first one and then the third one. I was a little bored.
6,It was just like that.Although the dragons were cute, they were very impressive, fun, and attractive. The reason why it's the last episode is touching? Degree.
5,Will it be fun to watch "How to Train Your Dragon" 1 and 2? If you think it's going to be fun, press "Recommend or don't recommend"
6,We watched it together as a vacation gift
4,It's too obvious, there's no tension, the main character couple's love line is not a little exciting, and the villain is totally sloppy. I'm so sad.I was sleepy in the middle.
6,The graphics were good, but the movies that kids watch...
6,It's just an animation for kids animation for kids
6,The probability of the story is...
4,When the movie is on, you don't have manners to look at your cell phone!I was flustered
2,My mom in her 40s and dad in their 40s watched it together All three of them were grossly boring
6,I saw my 8-year-old daughter. I think I'm bored in the middle, so I want to go home ㅜㅜ
2,Never watch a movie you don't want to see again that you can't even give a star.
6,Medium. Recommended by Annie Underdog in Korea
4,Dubbed is the worst because of Hiccup. I can't concentrate at all
1,A movie that allowed us to know if a movie theater is such a good place to sleep.
2,I was really not funny.The kids at the theater want to go home.I was bored. Cabot was more immersed and liked the kids better.
6,It was nice to watch when I was bored. I dozed off in the middle
6,I didn't do as well as the previous one
4,I guess it's because I didn't watch the second episode. I fell asleep
2,It's not fun. I slept. See you at home
6,There's nothing left
6,A story that's a bit disappointing?
3,Strange developments that seem to have been evicted more than half of what was caught in the planning stage, and the residents of Bark Island who are strangely free from conflict over important decisions, and sub-villains who do not exist too much. the most incomprehensible ratings
2,He made the Dragon World View well and put it all in the 3rd episode. The setting and emotional line accumulated in Part 1 and Part 2 collapsed. I guess the producers didn't want to make the next episode. When will it be fun? Watching it with no expression.
6,It was a bit childish for an adult
5,The captions are well made, but... It's kind of, like, a bad guy, and it's... It's a shame that it ends like I'm organizing it. What's worth seeing in the theater... I'm not sure about that. Not trying to be fancy, not trying to be a story. Anyway, it's full of regrets.
3,The first movie was really a masterpiece. However, this episode is very disappointing. It deserves a round of applause in terms of a neat nine-year grand finale, but it's not good for a movie. The kids will enjoy watching it, but... I don't think it's the majority of adults.
1,What the hell is touching about? It's not funny, it's not touching, it's childishI can feel the amazing part-time job
6,It was fun. It was a bit cheesy, but it was a movie for kids
6,A typical "Mom, let's go see this" animation for all children without a story
6,Let's keep the manners of a family with children.I couldn't concentrate on the kick in the back. The movie was worth watching~~
6,The climax is a bit boring
1,Why didn't you draw the first love story of Toothless's life, or a dense one? The reason why he used it like Light Fury was ridiculous because he caught a bait that was worth using, and even Billen's character was just a typical third-rate villain and left the pool. Phew.
6,It was regrettable that it seemed to have developed somewhat boringly about Toothless's love and Hiccup's marriage, perhaps because he wanted to talk about the end of the story.
1,The visual beauty is flashy, but the content is... The story almost forced development of characters that were not immersed in the character, and the play of Dragon Love grows excessively. I'm trying to cover these things with cute descriptions, but I'm forced to refuse. I only accept the part that comes out in the first episode. The rating of 9.3 is nuclear over.
4,It's a relief that I woke up at the end of my sleep
5,This one is so boring
1,I saw the caption, but I regret it. Surprisingly, it's not that touching.
6,It's fun. It's fun
4,If you liked the flashy video, the kids couldn't concentrate because it was a bit boring overall
1,No, why is this crazy? 9.2 If it's a children's movie, it's not cute, it's not cute, it's not cute, it's not funny, it's not funny, it's not funny. It's not even funny. It's not even funny. It's not even a scene
6,It's boring to watch a movie that's only good for kids
2,Too much. 7.5 Moderate reality review
2,Not really. Not really.  It wasn't as fun as I expected.
2,I went to see my nephew. Neither I nor my wife. The two sons of the first and second year of high school also slept. Don't be fooled by the part-timers
6,I was a little disappointed because it was the last episode and I was trying to force myself to finish it. It would've been nice if I could express Hidden World more
6,A simple story. a very boring element of the day
6,The impressions of "How to Train Your Dragon" and the message he sent us are nowhere to be found.
6,Don't look forward to it too much.
4,I didn't want it to end like this.It's a masterpiece, but I'm surprised at the sloppyness of the story.I don't know if I had to make a story with Light Fury.It's cute, but that's all.He was a typical nuisance character and showed nothing in particular;
6,The feeling of forcing an enemy to finish. "They lived happily ever after."Even if you look at it, it seems like it's enough. There is no more excitement. The movie gives the couple a lot of energy. What?
6,Toothless is so cute, but the storyline was a bit disappointing. I wish the villain was meticulous and a villain
6,I could feel the disappointment of the second episode.T
1,It's not fun to chew
6,manageable to spend time
1,It's not funny, it's not interesting...
1,Why does it smell like Michael Bay when I watch DreamWorks animation?
6,I just left it because I was watching it with my family
6,It was not a waste of money. 1 The funniest guy ever
2,If you're going to expand the dubbing, cast a voice actor instead of an actor The story is 10 out of 10, but there is only dubbing in the neighborhood, so I was forced to watch it, and Hiccup is an important character after Toothless, but I can't concentrate.
6,My 7-year-old son's house watched the 1.2. and the 3rd one was bored to death
4,I watched it with a 6-year-old 10-year-old girl. When I asked for her review, she said it was in the middle
2,I knew for sure that there was a rating part-time job. If you want to watch the video, please go to a big screen.  The story was so squeezed out of what the subordinates said.   It was funny that the strongest villain who conquered the world with a single poison gun
3,Honestly, I didn't like it. Even with video beauty, the storyline doesn't have anything to write, so it feels like I made a movie by force. I think it would have been okay if it didn't come out until the third episode.
6,Simply living together is not co-existence. The two become true friends only when Hiccup unseats Tsilis and respects him. Ending is as important as building and developing a relationship. In that sense, it can be said to be the end of a very smart series.
5,The inclusion of the first episode's charm, the charm of various characters, and fresh developments have all been lost. I don't know why I made it or why I saw it. If you've been a fan since the first episode, you'll be disappointed, and if you haven't seen the previous movie, you'll be confused.
6,Don't expect probability.
4,It's worth watching. Dinosaurs are cute
1,A rare monster that ruined the best series...The characters' strategies are simply incomprehensible, and they are all dumbed down to keep the probability in line with the strategy. The only thing I liked was the ending. Don't waste your time and go to extreme jobs
6,For those who have watched all the episodes, I think it will be fun and touching. My daughter and I don't watch the first two episodes...The story is about a simple love story and a happy ending
6,They don't like it.
1,For rating adjustment. Part one was the best. I think it's in the mid-eight
4,Honestly, it was very...
6,I won't recommend any good graphics stories
6,It's not fun, but 3D technology is a leap forward
6,I think the story wasn't as good as the 1.2. A beautiful ending for the fans, the last part of the drama? And adults, don't look at me in dubbing. The person who asked for the reservation made a mistake, so I watched the dubbing, but I couldn't concentrate because I woke up. The ending credit was sad
2,They're so playful. This is Moni
4,It's a little boring. It's a little touching.
6,Is it okay for children to see?
2,It's just boring Is the dubbing wrong?
1,It's not fun even if you look at it in 4dx. Not for adults.
4,1, 2! I really enjoyed it. It's too badI don't know if you can't take Alpha and all those dragons and catch a broken-in villain in the first place.I made a great background of the coexistence of dragons and humans in the 1st and 2nd episodes, and I was so sad when the main characters of Toothlas didn't recognize me right away at the main characters were scared
6,It was too short and the villain died so easily that the tension dropped sharply. The movie is coming to an end. Is it really the end? All of a sudden? That's what I thought. The story is too poor for 1 and 2. If I had increased the running time and solved it enough, the ending would have been more touching
2,ㄴNope, it's not fun. I was watching and came out
4,Everything doesn't work if you tame it
2,Sluggish Obvious Annie, the lowest level of animation I've seen lately. The graphic is worth seeing, and the story is not enough, and the touching ending is obvious. Where did the novelty of the first and second episodes go?
2,Even an adult can't understand the storyThe events all happen by accident. Disney seems to care about feminism as much as children see it.Toothless's girlfriend is a weak woman who has to save her when she is in crisis.women who do not age I don't want to show my daughter
1,If you see this, you'll regret it. Really...Especially crying over this, I have to go to the hospital
2,Why am I not funny? Just a movie where the dragon looks for a partner?
2,You said you were going to another place that you couldn't see on the map, but you stayed on the middle island, broke up, got a baby, and met again
6,I felt like I was losing my energy at the end
4,There's only one episode of "Taming Dragons" in my lifeㅠㅠ Episodes 2 and 3 are too messyㅠㅠ
1,Why would you want to infiltrate the center of the enemy's top army, whether you're an enemy or an ally? Why not fight with a bow but with an axe in the Dragon Worldview?Why don't you shoot a dragon with a water bullet instead of a small one?Why don't you send a reconnaissance and the entire army is moving at once?
6,Isn't it "Tortilla" in the middle?
6,In the second episode, Toothless killed his father
1,I don't think it's a movie to watch when I'm 21 years old. I think I changed the channel even if it came out as a Chuseok special movie There is no dragon. I'm not going to give this to the person who paid. If you want to watch it, think about it. It's better to watch the Neospacian Gran Mall in the movie version of "Yu-Gi-Wang" than to watch the Dragon Hunt Grimall
6,A neat ending, but the process of showing the ending wasn't any inspiration or fun. It's not like the first episode ㅜㅜ. There are a lot of flight scenes, so would it be different in 4dx?
1,It's the worst animation I've ever! It's not funny and funny. It's a forced joke. The story unfolds in a bland way. It comes out just by looking at the graphics
6,I watched it with my daughter. She really enjoyed itFor me, it's just
6,DreamWorks still makes Annie out of the old ideas. The first one was the most progressive, and only Toothless remained
6,There's a dragon, and Hiccup is getting married. Why am I
4,It's disappointing because it's not fun.
5,I think I had high expectations because it was the end of the series.Unlike the previous works, this work, which seems to be more child-friendly, did not highlight the presence of Toothless Hiccup and Toothless without Hicup, and it shows the development of a direct explanation rather than even showing it
6,No, there must be more people watching the series, but why is there only a dubbed version?It's hard to find the dubbing pad
5,Cute Toothless and developed CG movie for memories of the past, only gives me a topic to think about at the end, but the story is not complete. Is this really the best?
6,Well... Compared to the first and second movies, there's a little bit of a stretch.  Gags aren't very promising, but there's a lot to see, a little larger scale, and a good finish, taking advantage of the animation's strengths. It's just something to watch.
4,Honestly, I dozed off... The courtship dance scene was funny and the last scene was really touching, but strangely, I felt bored a lot in the development
6,a crude and cliche process towards a beautiful ending
2,The first and second episodes were so good, but I'm disappointed this time.   In short, the third one is Ulguo Mukgo, the first and the second one. I don't want to make it.
6,The release date is Culture Day, so it's Mangjeong. The characters are all supporting actors except Hiccup and Luffnut.I was going to give you 1 point, but I gave you 6 points because the video was cute and pretty
4,It's not as fun as I expected
1,Phew. Children's animation.
4,ㅓㅓㅓ어어어어어어어ㅏ
4,I'm disappointed. What a bummer
2,You're not funny.
4,It's easyah ah
6,I slept. Kids will have fun later
2,I don't like it. It's messy and messy
2,I'm disappointed. Making a sequel that's as big as the first one is a star in the sky. I should change the title of the third episode to "Pets Mating"
1,It's always coexisting. It's out of the blue in the third episode
5,It's kind of weird to say it's fun or notBut the ending was the best
3,You abandoned the probability to Berk Island, the same movie as the previous one, right?
1,Fist King 2, Incredible 3>>>Don't ever watch a dragon Dreamworks, take a leaf out of Disney's book. Abbey, a disabled man with legs, and a male dragon without legs are also disabled. Despite Namjoo anchovies, kobong, ugly, and annoying characters, chieftains and wives are more qualified, but women are accessories that shine on Namjoo
2,I looked forward to it because of the high rating, but it was very boring  Even the kids I went with were distracted  I think the first and second episodes were fun, but I thought it would come out in the middle, but I fell asleep --;;ㅡㅡ;;
6,I enjoyed both of the first and second episodes, but the third one is not up to my expectations. I should've seen it in vod. It wasn't bad The problem is that it wasn't so good
1,Why are you giving a spoiler on your GPA? You're so mad. You should reflect on yourself. You're so mad. Why do you end up with that? Don't you have a concept?
1,The kids won't like it either. Kids' eyes are high.
6,I've never seen a villain weak. The ending part also feels like the story is missing.
6,I've never seen a villain weak. The ending part also feels like the story is missing.
