레옹
5,an overrated film
1,That's the worst. A guy who likes Leon can get away with it.
1,There are a lot of people who like movies like Luc Besson, a child sex offender, who was cut off in Hollywood, and Shield Ozim in Korea
2,A trash movie! The director is a sex offender, so he made a movie with that story.Woe
6,For many people, this movie is treated as a terrible movie with OO fantasy. Due to such subliminal effects, Natalie Portman, who actually starred in the movie, reportedly suffered from malicious comments for a while. In that sense, the movie gave six points, but showed the prowess of director Luc Besson.
1,Matilda, I'll give you half a star
1,a child-lover directed by
1,9.44 GPA is too much.There are so many things that I don't understand that the probability is not enough.It's not 1 point, but 9.44 is too much, so give me 1 point
4,It's time to go!
1,A problematic work before it's a masterpiece.
1,You are Pedophilia who says that it is a masterpiece while watching Pedophilia movie. I heard that there was a scene where Matilda and Leon were sleeping in an undisclosed scene, but isn't this still a sexist movie? It's disgusting to describe a young girl as a ladylike Matilda from her belly to her younger self
1,Fanatics try to ignore and blindfold Nataliport's revelations, deleted sexual scenes, and Luc Besson's private life, and one truth awaits them to turn a blind eye. For your information, Luk Besson's first wife, Mai Wen, was 16 years old (34 years old at the time of Luk Besson's marriage), 11 years old at the time of their first encounter, and 15 years old at the time of their declaration of love.
6,I don't like the pot Matilda is holding. I was disappointed by the director who made the movie Leon as a future film director. If Leon was a kindergarten teacher and not a killer, he would have more plots and added more flavor Delicious pork back-bone stew
6,I don't know why it's a masterpiece
5,We need to be more sensitive and reject LoriCom.That is what we can do to protect our future children.Even though the film is very productive, it is called a masterpiece by many peopleEven so, think about child sexual objectification underlying the most basic theme.Don't be a monster
2,Matilda Development Cancer. The ending song was good
1,Jopal Dirty. Disgusting movie about paedophilia as love. I hope there's a movie where a pretty boy takes off his underwear and seduces a woman who's a long age gap.
1,It's just a Rory movie. Disgusting
1,If you listen to Natalie Portman's 20 OOO Women's March speech, you won't be able to praise the film. +) Read the first line of the storyline.
6,It should have ended in paternal love
6,If it weren't for Matilda's OO... Matilda is so annoying. I don't know why she glorifies her
6,I had high expectations for a masterpiece
1,Isn't it embarrassing to like this movie? As you can see from the original script, the photos were taken with sexual implications even if they were cut in the opening version. As a result, the sexual objectification of Natalie Portman, a young actor at the time, and the idiots who turn a blind eye even after knowing about direct sexual violence.
1,A child sex crime glorification movie.
1,Disgusting Pedophilia movie
1,You're not a paedophile? I hope you will be able to say the same thing in the future when your beloved nephew is loved by an old uncle and suffers from paedophilia. Call it inner empathy and claim it's not a crime.
4,Saerom doesn't do anything in your movie
6,I understand the overall beauty of the movie. Matilda is frustrated and saddened by the thought of the ending when she goes alone and makes a mistake and Leon dies.
1,Humbert's syndrome is nothing more
1,It was a masterpiece, but it was uncomfortable. Matilda's act of seducing Leon or fine clothes was very repulsive. In particular, when we said that we love each other at the end, we knew and watched such a movie, but we were shocked.It felt dirty to think that it was a coach's fantasy.Realizing why it hasn't been re-released
1,The score is too high. It wasn't as impressive a movie as people wash it. A paedophile director is not surprising because you can guess from the movie.
1,A paedophile movie...
1,It should be re-evaluated. It's a children's romantic movie made by a sexual molester.
1,The movie that children's prostitution patients will go crazy
1,When I saw it before, it just felt like it was just meow, but times changed, and it just looked different when I found out about it.It's a movie where a 13-year-old girl filmed a bed scene with an adult and received a sexual fan letter. It looks different.
1,My favorite group in this movie is a man in his 20s That's amazing I wonder if those who don't film are people who dreamt of romance with a child at least once. That's disgusting. ㅠㅠ Only Natalie Report.
1,a supervising sex offender Although Natalie Portman, who plays Matilda, mentioned that the acting environment was unpleasant at the time, creating sexual tension in a child. In 2018, movies are still one thing. Emotional movies, the way they talk and suck
1,A masterpiece perfect for child-deprived adults
1,Why do you watch a movie that glorifies child love?
1,Children's Sexually Attractive Movie. Now that I see it, I really don't like it.
1,I'm not that funny. Dangerous movie
1,Am I the only one who was uncomfortable before? I had confidence in my thoughts. Times have changed, so evaluation should be different.
2,No matter what emotion and meaning this movie has done so much harm to popular culture and it is still going on, it should be forgotten now
1,Children's favorite movie
1,a well-made child sexual exploitation film
1,If you didn't shoot the bed scene, I gave you 5 points
1,There are a lot of movies to be re-released. How many times do I have to re-release them?
1,After the film, Natalie Portman was forced to face more than 100 sexual harassment threats, and critics complained of sexual harassment by discussing the burly chest. Can we still accept Leon as a masterpiece? I don't think these dangerous materials should permeate into popular culture.
1,It's paedophilia.How can a little kid be so quiet in the scenario...It's a story that you can't help but accept if a child tries to do it's I'm sick of old people trying to sexualize a child. Making a child naturally subject to grades under the name of a work.
2,I looked forward to it because it was a masterpiece, but people said no, but I think I personally have a Lolita tendency.
2,But the little female protagonist felt sexual terrorism.The main character Leon kept the line until the end, but the director looked at both of them sexually.the worst
2,Why is the director Lori Com so highly evaluated? Noi Hae In movie
1,The score is too high. I'll give you 1 point
1,A third-rate movie. Let's play rock-paper-scissors in front of the mirror
1,Jean Renault, you thief!
1,Rory glorification serious other than that the scenario isn't that great The actor saves the movie but 1 point for paedophilia
2,This is totally Lolita...
1,Even when I watched it when it was released in the 90s, the evaluation seemed to be somewhat exaggerated compared to the content. It's not such a big movie.
2,It was far below expectations compared to the reputation of a masterpiece.
1,I don't know why the movie's evaluation is so high, and if the kimchi people who eat pork belly with star kimchi stew and go to karaoke wear a lolita stocking look like x on a dog's sonar, Leon's sunglasses, and pretend to set the wrong mood, they will be angry.
3,It's a very uncomfortable movie.
2,I can't believe this is... It's a crazy world. a glorified film of a murderer's support I gave one more point because my acting was excellent.
1,It's a movie that needs to stay in the top nine
1,I want to give you 1 point, so I give you 1 point
6,A movie that makes you want to smoke in milk
1,You kept biting and washing it, so I watched it and it's not fun at all the time.Action is a frog, and Kerrick is also a mite.   No answer to the oldies who are drowning
1,I don't know why it's called a masterpieceThere's nothing more than love between a man and a minor girl
1,It all boils down to Bedat's "Ladylike Matilda." I'll give you 10 points for Hannam Jisoo ^^
1,The score is too high. I liked the combination of children and adults because it was new, but as I watched a lot of movies, there were a lot of such combinations and it became a genre
1,There's nothing left but the OST
1,You just shoot an innocent man, saying that women and children should never be killed and men can be killed.It is a scum movie that defines a man's life as worthless. It's a waste to give one point.
1,A movie that kills a girl who's a nuisance. This is why it's perfect to pretend you don't know...
1,If you haven't seen it yet, I'm so touched
1,노Don't watch it. It's not fun
1,Does it make sense that Leon pushed Terminator 2 away? Leon is also a great movie, but he is definitely not a human cultural heritage like Terminator 2. I give you 1 point to adjust the rating.
1,I don't think it's first place I'll give you one point because the rating of 7.5 is reasonable
1,ㅜㅜ First place is a bit...
1,Why is the rating so high? It's worth 8 points
1,Is it possible to rate the audience?The test score seems to be too high.
1,Masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece masterpiece
1,I wanted to give him 1 point
5,Out of all the movies I've seen, bubble number one
6,If the wrapping paper is fancy, the expectations are high
1,It's fun, but I don't think it's enough to be praised
1,If it was fun, 123456
3,Great boast and small roast.
1,Kkakka kkakka kkakka kkakka black sunglasses
1,It's a good movie, but the emotion is incomparable to Terminator 2.
6,It wasn't touching, but the visual beauty was good
1,It's a movie that bothers me because it's memorable
1,What are you talking about? You're a great part-timer. You're so funny
1,The guy with the sunglasses is too big
1,The movie doesn't keep up with the original. There's no probability because I cut all the lines. If I hadn't read, I wouldn't have understood the emotions or the story. Honestly, just watching the movie... Book recommendation bb
1,It's fun, but it's kind of boring.
5,It's a forced emotion to squeeze out of a murderer who thinks human life is worse than ant'
4,I was really looking forward to it.This movie is the original, but I watched too many similar movies. That's why it feels so cliche
6,That's a good movie.It's good.
1,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? It wasn't as good as I thought. It's an old movie, but it felt like watching a Brazilian third-rate action movie. While I was watching, I was like, "Is this Leon?" and watched it.
1,It's a good movie, but the rating is too high.
1,I'll make it look like Lori~~~~~~~~~~~~
1,It's a crappy movie, but why is it rated so high?
1,Shape of My Heart ^^
1,It's uncomfortable to see...A kid...
1,I think Leon is going to kill me in my dream
1,It's not good... It's boring and it's about Loricon story
3,Hmm. I don't know why it's a masterpiece crying
1,That's the bubble rating that's not even funny -- it's like those who saw him post it'
1,Violation of the Matilda Aqing Act on Criminals
1,It's not 10 points...
1,I think I need to lower the rating. I'm just doing it
1,Lee Hyunwoo oppa is not Leon and it was not fun.
6,I don't think it's a masterpiece.
1,Boring movie! I fell asleep while watching it
5,Lolicon is a crime.
1,No part of the movie is funny or touching
1,Pretending to have something. Making things into box office. a forced smile
1,I'm sorry, but Leon is too high. Let's adjust the rating
1,It's not a grade like this
1,One of the few foreign movies that is considered a masterpiece in Korea
6,I saw it when I was young and it was called a masterpiece, so I watched it again now. Maybe because I watched it once, I still don't feel much emotion now. a level worth seeing
1,I saw it because people said it was a masterpiece, and I was really disappointedObvious story, poor action, touching, and I don't understand why it's called a masterpiece
1,Hey, isn't this too much to get a rating?
1,What excuse do you have for the peasants, my country?
5,I don't really... It would be a masterpiece by old standards, but if you look at it now, it seems like there are a lot of scenes that don't match the evidence, and there are a lot of ridiculous and clumsy scenes, so I give you 5 points... It's a masterpiece, but I don't think it's worth this much rating.
6,Disappointment is great for fame.  I'll have to set a date again.
1,To be honest, it is not a movie that deserves this much rating.
5,I watched this movie 3 times, but I think the movie music is good and the movie is not sad at all... When it was released during the second winter vacation of high school, everyone went crazy.Romance movies are not good...But I think Sting's music is the best, so 5 points
1,Humanism that would not exist in reality.
1,A movie that I can't relate to. Is there a love like Leon in reality?
1,It's just...What?
1,I can't believe this is a masterpiece. I can't help but laugh and cry
1,100 heroes per person... Why are you showing the old one again without a remake? Do you want to kill a Korean movie? I want to bury a Korean movie.
1,Honestly, is this fun? I erased it while looking at it.
6,It wasn't bad because I was looking forward to it so much, but I'm not that satisfied
6,The action is pretty good, but the relationship and the story are so vain.
1,It's okay, but it's not a movie that's going to be in the top It's overrated
3,I saw it last night, and it wasn't funny
1,Acting like a child lover in Genre no.I'm afraid my son will grow upWhat are you doing in the women's club? Make Leon 19 gold and designate it as a youth-hazardous movie
1,have fun but no sense of humor
1,It's fun, but I'm sick of watching it again.
1,A romanticized movie about a warm-hearted killer. The murder of love ^^
1,It's boring. It's overrated.
6,Personally, the Korean version of Won Bin's man is better. The owner of the restaurant who left the money is related to murder. It's weird that he keeps taking care of the money. Leon keeps killing. No police investigation. What about the fingerprint prosecutor?
1,Is it appropriate for a child to be a killer?
1,Why is Natalie Port so ugly here?
1,This movie is not for teenagers, but elementary school students are watching it. Matilda is a different person, but doesn't she even quote Matilda's name?Isn't it a crazy movie?
4,Leon is not number one.
6,You slept with Matilda Leon is an electronic anklet with just this...
6,From beginning to end, it's normal
6,Compared to his reputation...
2,Don't watch If you were expecting a movie man, you'd better not watch it. I expected a lot of action. What I saw was a pathetic girl who ruined everything
6,What did he want to say after all?
6,It's not bad, but it's a movie with bubbles. It contains an obvious ending, obvious lessons, and obvious pain in life. Show me a new movie.
1,I heard that it is a very interesting and impressive movie. I don't like to re-release it and eat it
1,Because of her life, she lost a squadron of S-class killers and SWATs.It's an original soundtrack
1,I saw you pay a lot of money and why are you watching it again? It wasn't that funny
6,It was unexpected... A sad movie...
5,Well, I don't think it's a great movie to be re-released.
1,A catastrophe caused by forced messages, clumsy concepts, and exaggerated action.
5,A tacky plot, and a video. I don't understand Portman's racy outfits. Sting's songs are boring and depressing.
1,Ha ha.
1,Matilda lived alone, so she's not loyal. Loyalty, loyalty... It's weird these days... Why isn't Bo Sung Hyung's movie number one?
1,the subculture method
1,Are you trying to re-release these Hollywood guys and make money again? Don't jump on the stoner without effort!
2,Honestly, I have no idea why this is fun. Natalie is just pretty
3,I can't give you a point because it reminds me of Leon ㅜ I'm sorry
1,It's a loyal movie of the French, so 1 point
1,lolCome on!
1,I enjoyed watching it when I was young, but now...
1,What good is loyalty to a killer! There is loyalty to Korea. - Chairman of the Gyeonggi Provincial Branch of the Korea Loyalty Association -
1,I'm shocked at the irresponsible behavior of the two murder-mad sheep Can you call him a man?
1,I really can't touch Leon, but he's still... ㅠㅠ
1,a great deal
1,That's ridiculous
1,It's a movie where Leon explodes to death and Matilda lives alone without loyalty
1,be short-lived
1,Sleepy
1,a great tribe
1,It's not a piece of work that doesn't look great
1,I was going to give you 0 points, but Leon is so arrogant... I'll add 1 extra point
1,In a word, it's not good. have no loyalty
1,Olympique Léon d'Olympic coins,
1,I'm sick and tired of Matilda's incredible appearance.
1,a ridiculous film
1,a ridiculous film
1,Well, let's not look at this ridiculous Matilda
1,You guys are so stupid
1,the female protagonist lives by herself without a hitch
1,I think the relationship between Leon and Matilda is not loyalty, so 1 point.
1,I'm not loyal. I'll give you 1 point. What are you saying? Ahem. Ahem I'll give you one point I'm not doing it
1,the democratization of loyalists
5,Just an ordinary movie
1,Matilda, you've changed so far. 1 point
1,A film that leaves Matilda alone and dies without grace. But because of you, I give you a horoscope!
1,It's a movie that leaves Matilda alone without loyalty
1,A movie about Leon dying
1,I'm sorry to say that I'm not loyal, but I'll give you 1 point
1,Lori, who doesn't know how to do you?
1,Impression without dignity is hypocrisy
1,She's a tough girl
1,What? You're so ridiculous
1,a 20th-century movie
1,a film of no loyalty
1,Is this a movie? You can't see it
1,I enjoyed watching it, but it finally collapsed in the middle of nowhere. Come to think of it, I think it's the Acheong law, but isn't it a dereliction of duty in the (Playing the guitar)
1,Loyalty
1,It's definitely a masterpiece.But if it's not a movie that's worth 9 points, 8 seconds would be perfect
1,Well... nothing more than self pity.
1,I was bored...
1,Let's show some foam
1,The movie is okay, but the rating is too high
1,It's not my style.
6,Don't I know how to watch a movie? Fancy action, beautiful Natalie Portman's acting as a child, and strange emotional acting following Genre No and Matilda, but the song comes out at the end of the cliché. What do you want me to do? The song is good? It's just so-so. It's different for each person.
1,It's touching, but it's not this high
5,I can't believe the trash on NAVER rating. It's touching in the romance part, but it's not close to 10 points
1,Rubbish movie. I can see the level of our country when I see the rating bubble
1,What's wrong with this? It has a high rating
6,I watched it because I was attracted to the rating, but it's too childish.The people who lived in 1994 must have liked this kind of movie
6,I saw it because people said it was a masterpiece, but did you expect it too much? But the content was so good that it was inferred
6,Does love matter only to themselves? I can't relate because they are the only ones who matter and others know their lives as fly lives. Their love is beautiful, but it's their problem. Of course, the movie itself is great
1,Not funny
1,In a word, a trash movie
1,Let's not glorify someone who kills people for money
6,I was not impressed because I watched too many similar movies after Leon
1,Why is this fun...I was really bored. Honestly, it's nothing
4,Why is this funny? I was bored
1,This is a pure love story?Stupid Leon and Natalie using it
1,Honestly, what's fun? It's just a love story. It's not fun at all
6,Actors' acting is the best! But it's not my style
1,It's just worth watching. There's nothing left after watching
4,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,A simple ignorant but cute killer. Oldman shines properly.
1,Korean version of Leon, please stop giving birth.
1,Legend
3,Assistance dating in violation of the Special Act on Prostitution. It's not a very educational film.
6,No matter how much the police are, can they pour out public power like that? an unrealistic feeling
6,Honestly, I don't know. They say it's a masterpiece, but I don't know. If I have to say, there is no lingering feeling
1,Running time was 130 minutes? Whoo...well, a movie that will be fun to watch without prejudice that it is a masterpiece!
6,I was bored ㅠㅠ Just Leon's revenge?
2,I saw it because you saw a related search and I saw it -- you're acting like you'really funny?
1,The crazy Lolita story is too glorified and I don't think it's a nine-point movie
1,It's too high a rating to call such a lousy movie a masterpiece -- Lolita's taste?
2,It's just... It's kind of hard to watch recently
1,Do you have a mob mentality? I don't know why people say such crazy movies are fun
6,Well, is it a flaw to see it too late?
1,The rating is too high...
1,The rating of 7 points is good. It's not fun or touching
1,11 points
1,Sleepy
1,I watched all the movies, but only too many ratings... 9.3 is too high
2,a dog trash movie
1,a poor work
1,a dog-eat-dog
5,I didn't leave anything behind.
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,Too unrealistic
1,It's not as fun as you think
6,It used to be fun
5,I didn't really enjoy it Honestly, I was looking forward to it
2,They give us 1 point, but this is a masterpiece. 2 points
4,There is a spirit of experiment, but the content and attraction are ordinary works
6,I don't know what it's about
1,Leon is fighting with Real
1,It's nothing.
1,What's the 2nd place? It's worth knowing the level of netizens here
1,Oh, no. Five-point movie, Avatar, and Brotherhood
1,Like LABOUM, it's a graduation song based on style
1,How can this movie win first place?Not to that extent at all. Come down for Amadeus
1,It's not a movie to win first place
1,You're still in first place. Stop coming down
1,It's just... It's just...
1,9.1 points is appropriate
1,It wasn't a movie that would win first place overall, but it wasn't that impressive. There are so many other masterpieces
1,Just a well-made movie
1,I don't recommend it
1,It's not as fun as Titanic
1,If you look at it now, it's kind of weird because it's a 1994 movie
1,Leon, don't mess with the national team!
1,Is this movie that interesting? Adjust the score for the national team.lol
1,I don't recommend it
1,Titanic
4,Matilda, you look so young.
1,My rank in national universities
1,Long live the national team!The other movie is not a movie
1,a national fan club
1,The national team has to be number one no matter what. The national team is the best
1,the national team's No. 1 defense campaign
4,I was looking forward to it, but I didn't like it
1,I think the rating is too high.
6,I lost track of time, but... A movie that makes you doubt the credibility of NAVER's ratings...
1,Anyway, if people are known to be masterpieces, I'll always give you 10 points. Or pretend to be noble?
1,Then
1,a shoot-and-shooting rubbish film
1,How can you say that such a movie is so interesting that it's not like a hero's true character?
1,That's not fun.
1,The rating is too high. a seven-point movie
5, goose bumps, gooseflesh
2,I just watched it, and it wasn't funny, it wasn't touching, and I didn't know the reason why the action was so high
1,As expected...
6,Seeing you again after a long time, do you feel like you're not as good as you used to be?
1,It looks pretty boring now. What if I saw it earlier in my movie life?
1,It's not good.
1,gut, exorcism
1,I'm... I'm so bored
1,Films worse than junk, where drugs and murder are the ingredients
1,What is this? This is not right?Ten points...
1,Why do I hate Luc Besson?
1,It's fun
5,It was worth seeing
1,Good
1,I don't even remember
1,Even so, it's
1,Honestly, old movies aren't that fun
1,It's a little...But not really;ㅁ
1,What a great movie
2,Oh, this is what a movie is like.a flawless family
1,It's nothing.
1,I didn't like it either
1,Honestly, this movie is not good
6,I don't know.6.5 Jeongdu...
4,I was looking forward to it, but I remembered his image that Leon was Jean Renoir.
1,It's fun at first, but if it wasn't fun at the end, the rating is too high
1,One point
1,You try to show something lingering, but it's very boring and dark
1,Something emptiness fills my heart.~~
5,It was a little boring, but...
1,It was pretty boring watching
1,I expected a rating of four. Is that a different perspective?
1,Maybe I'm unique, I was sleepy a lot during the time I watched.
1,The funny thing is, actually, but in order to get a high rating...
6,It's a little obvious, but it was a little fun
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
1,Best French movie by far
1,Wow, it was a movie a few years ago
1,What is this.................Why is the rating so high?
1,What is this...
1,It was worth watching
1,Is it because it's old? I'm a star
1,I don't understand;;;
1,Disappointing compared to the GPA
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?
1,It's fine
1,a good movie
1,..because of the sequel;;;
1,The film was buried by the impression of unspeakable secrets and a sense of relaxation
1,I was the only one who didn't have fun.T
1,Only Natalie Ford is pretty
5,I want to give Leon 10 points, but... I'll give you five points for a secret you can't keep telling me
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
1,retribution for one's favor
1,retribution for one's favor
1,There's no denying that there's a bit of an overstatement.
1,an elusive movie
1,It doesn't hit me.
1,What the--;;;
1,This movie doesn't suit me.
1,I don't know about other people, but it doesn't hit me
1,It's not fun at all of a sudden Disappointed
1,It's a movie that's not good enough to say the least --;;
1,Terminator 2 admits. But this movie is...
1,I wanted a happy ending.I feel sorry for Matilda
3,To be honest, the exaggerated score of the second half of the 8 points is appropriate
1,Two to boost Shawshank's escape ranking
4,I felt a little empty.
1,They say it's fun. Is it because it's not my cup of tea?
1,Then
6,I'm always confused between Luc Besson and Jean-Renault
1,Not very much ;;
1,Not so much --;;
1,I don't like it.
6,I don't think it's the best...
6,After all, it's just a story of a man named Leon and Matilda. There is no room for the audience to intervene.
6,I can't believe this kind of entertainment movie is the top 2 rating... It's not bad, but Lee Jung-don is wrong.
1,a girl's favorite film with a touch of texture and cheapness
1,8 points is a moderate movie too overrated..
1,KIN
1,not much
1,It's too corny to be called a masterpiece
1,It is an interesting movie, but it is not ranked third
1,I don't like it
6,It's worth a look.
1,I don't know... First place is a little...
4,My own graduation that others say is a masterpiece. Lolita's subtly hidden desires
1,The rating is too high. It's not that high.
1,Honestly, it's kind of...
1,Hate
1,Well, maybe it's because I watched it late at night, but I'm not impressed
6,I saw it when I was so young that I didn't find it interesting.
1,Nothing to see...
5,I didn't feel anything special.
1,Support, support, support
1,There's nothing special except Sting's song, but holding a flowerpot and taking form
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's a war.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,I don't like Luc Besson.Why do you hate Korea?
1,I'll cut it and open it and get 1 point.
1,It's not as impressive as it is for fame.
1,It's not fun.
1,What is this...
5,More than I thought...
3,It's not as good as you think
3,It's pretty fun, but it's hard to get a high score I guess it's individual difference
1,I was really looking forward to it, but I'm disappointed
3,A movie that leaves lingering emotions but is suitable for 3 points
2,Creating taste that can serve as a pillar of genre movies + 2. Poor background and angle
5,I don't understand the rave reviews.
1,Just.
3,a film worth watching
1,be not interested at all
6,Leon is the best movie.
1,an overrated movie
6,It's fun.
2,It's just like that
4,He seems to wander aimlessly Not good.
1,I'm sleepy, I'm sleepy -_-
1,In front of Younggu and Space Monster Bulgoeri like Leon, Gabrow's Rice Cake Fainting
1,The best movie, but the impact on future movies is the worst
1,View license
1,It's good, but first place is kind of...
1,The movie is good, but it's not first place
1,not much
1,I don't think Leon is the winner, so I think 8 points is enough
1,I enjoyed watching it, but first place was... So I give you 1 point
1,What are you doing?--;;ㅡㅡ;;
1,Mugando is much more fun. Sting music is good
1,I saw him 10 years ago. I saw it again, but I couldn't relate to it...
5,It's not a low level.
1,Honestly, I was really looking forward to it.
1,I don't like French movies
1,It's not touching and it's too violent...Compared to Shawshank.
1,It's fun, but the score is overrated...
1,It doesn't make sense that a movie like this costs 10 yuan
1,It is not an eternal masterpiece.
5,Just 5 points...
1,Lolita, the height of violence, is provocative...
1,This is not 9.31... Honestly, just 7 points.
1,I don't want to be violent with Lolita
1,Well, it just wasn't that great
1,It's not good...
5,10 points for fun. I don't know about the quality...I think it's about 7 points.
5,It's just an obvious action.
3,a funny note
2,Personally, I think... It was so violent and bad
1,Life is the best! This kind of movie is trash
1,That’s what I’m saying.
6,The love story between Leon and Matilda. And then there's nothing.
1,Honestly, it wasn't fun
1,a movie that represents an overrated movie
1,The eight point range is appropriate
5,It's fun, but the quality of the work...
6,The atmosphere is good, but the story isn't very...
1,My heart is 9 points, but I have no choice.
1,It's jam, but I'm sick of it. Maybe it's because I didn't watch it at the theater...
1,It's annoying
1,Sting music is good
1,wrapping paper, wrapper
6,I'm sure everyone has their own preference, but I think 6 is right
3,It wasn't fun.
1,I'm Leon. Oh, my movie has a high rating.Hah!
1,What do you mean?
1,He made a movie about a dog or a cow
2,It's boring and bitter.
1,Leon wasn't funny. The background sound was too loud
1,It wasn't fun
5,I was just like that.
1,It's just a commercial movie. I'm so moved
1,It was so much fun. There's no more movieThe best movie ever
6,I can't really relate to it
1,The edited version was better
1,I've had enough of it
1,Up to this point
1,It is more interesting to buy OOO
1,I don't know what it is
1,It's not fun at all
1,It was worth watching.
4,Gary Oldman shows deterioration and Genreno locks himself in with the film.
1,Merge
5,It's just...It wasn't fun
5,Lol... It was fun.
6,I think it's all good because it's good, but honestly, the fun...I'm sorry
1,What is it about?
1,My house Nayeon will all laugh
1,You're Leon. I'm Lee Marion
6,You feel it's different for each person
1,With a girl, anyway, a bad relationship
1,It's full of copies.It's the epitome of garbage.
1,It's boring
1,That's right
1,Oh, my God
1,so, that
1,Honestly, I don't like this movie
6,Human killer Leon, provocative girl Matilda.
1,Let's lower the rating
1,Why is wasabi more fun for me?Is it?
1,It wasn't funny.-;ㅡ;
1,Super Thrack
6,Leon has only one episode A very touching movie...I've seen it before
1,a fun movie
1,It's not funny
1,Not really
1,It's not fun
1,I'm sorry
6,It's the best for killing time
1,K
6,It's just that kind of movie
6,You can get a grenade safety pin
1,This isn't right.
1,Was it because I was looking forward to it too much?It's a little short of my expectations.But it's a pretty good movie
6,Perfect.
1,It's a masterpiece!
3,That's too much.
1,What is Leon 2?   The Worst Movie, Leon 2
4,It's not a movie to that movie
