8월의 크리스마스
1,I guess I don't know how to watch movies. a movie full of regrets
5,
5,It looks good, but it's not fun
2,It's not fun. ㅠㅠT영상The beauty of the video isn't as good as I expected. I think the directing is good
6,a mild old story
5,The movie is really 90's Korean sentiment. It's really old and I felt like riding a time machine Shim Eunha looks so cute and she is good at acting. But even the grandmother who asked me to take a picture here is really good at acting But it's kind of boring.
6,I can only see my old self
6,a movie in which longing and sadness coexist
6,This movie is directed and acted, and the content is disgusting
4,The reason why I watched this movie more than 30 times is because Han Seok-gyu's acting skills were the lowest. Han Seokgyu's acting skills until he was hoarse was a friend who played underneath. His acting ability is Master Kim. Movie Astronomy? I think flowers bloomed there. Most of the time, I'm talking about "deep-rooted." I'm not that good. I was born in 1980, so I've seen all of Han Seokgyu's works. One of the actors I didn't want to see. But Master Kim... Astronomy?His performance in has become a top notch. I started to get fascinated by his good acting and his laughter. I'm just saying.
1,This is a zero point movie
1,When I was in my 20s and 30s, I thought it was a good movie when I watched this movie and it was a good movie. Now that I was in my 40s, I saw Han Seok-kyu, who had a deadly disease and smoked after drinking, felt pathetic, especially when he was on a rampage at the police station. I also learned that health is more important than love to humans. Regret, miss, memory, love...It's not a big deal after all.
2,It's not funny
6,I don't like the parking ticket off
1,It was a movie that made you log in.
6,Um... While watching a movie... I really don't know what I'm trying to say or where to be touched except when Han Seok-gyu died at the end... It's just Han Seokgyu's point of view. Shim Eun-ha said she wanted to drink first, but she didn't want to go next time. Why did Han Seok-gyu's crush, Jeon Mi-sun, come out? (What role is it?) What did you expect from one to ten? I was expecting too much bigger impression. I watched classical music while crying
6,
2,I woke up after seeing Han Seok-gyu, who was drinking and making a mess at the police box. I don't understand it at all.Shim Eun-ah is also a public servant, but she is completely out of touch with a man who is older than her.
1,This is never 11 points. The tears that come out of my eyes are the number "11".
1,Should I keep watching after 15 minutes?
6,It's a masterpiece for a Korean melodrama, but it's just a clear story with a clear direction. It's just that the atmosphere in the movie 20 years ago is good.
5,Hannam Fantasy movie. Shim Eunha suddenly fell in love with it. No one knows why she fell in love with it. She looks like her age
6,To be honest, it's boring. I don't know if you saw it at that time in 1998, but it's boring because of the atmosphere that I've already gotten used to through several masterpieces of melo. Still, I feel like the melodrama that came out these days has been influenced. When I saw the commentary of Lee Dong-jin, I was able to give a higher evaluation.
6,Shim Eunha was really pretty back then
5,It wasn't good for the reputation.There were a lot of things I didn't understand.I was looking forward to it because I heard it was a masterpiece, but I felt so empty at the end.I expected the same feeling while bungee jumping, but I cut it a lot.
4,A director who loves himself so much as a man and wants to be emotional. the lingering effects of the film But the fox is emotionally wrapped.
1,A movie that doesn't understand the high rating even with the sentiment of old memories.Joo Seong-chi's Seoyu Ssanggi also watched it without much emotion when he was young and cried a lot when he was in his 30s, but this movie still lingers in his 30s even when he is in his 30s. Is it because I'm not old enough?
1,I give you 1 point because I'm sad.
1,The time limit setting is cliché. What's wrong with Korean dramas and movies?
1,Tired and impossible to tell in modern society
1,It's a waste of 1 point...The best part-timer in grade points
6,In the first place, green light itself is unrealistic for a young person like Shim Eun-ha to an old man like Han Seok-kyu. Hah!
3,I couldn't immerse myself in the sudden but rapidly growing feelings about the garden of the bridge. The relationship between the two was good, but the second half was frustrating because they seemed to have too few scenes in the running time of only 90 minutes.
1,I expected it because the rating was high, but the plot was not fresh at all, and there was nothing to see...
5,It's so calm and loose. If you look forward to it, you'll be disappointed. The rating is amazing
5,It's not funny, it's not funny, it's not sad, but why is the rating so high? Why is the letter or appointment of the same time as the garden man who died suddenly without knowing the name of his legs and disease?
1,Lowering the rating hehehe
6,Spring days were as bad as going. The bubbles are too much.There are too many 10 points part-time jobs.
3,It's so cheesy. I feel like I'm going to go crazy
1,It's in the Korean textbook But the content is so frustrating crying
4,Han Seok-gyu's acting and Shim Eun-ha's beauty are worth seeing, but... The story... It's a bit unfortunate
5,Some kind of boring movie;;;
2,It's Byul-Lu! It's Byul-Lu!
1,My school teacher showed it to me, but it's my first time sleeping while watching a movie.What is this?I really slept on the floor... with my bag in my head.
1,How dare you grade this movie with 10 points?I want to give you 11 points for the 1 point I give you!
6,I'm trying to concentrate because it's a masterpiece, but it's a sleepy story, so I can't even open my eyes to the touching part. I'm so sleepy
5,Honestly, I don't think...I think I lacked the charm to attract people
1,I think it was a little bad.
1,If I had studied while watching this, I would have gone to Byeokseongdae
1,It was the best movie ever!
6,I expected something to linger.  Personally, it was just normal. I felt it, but it just didn't leave a big memory with the ending
1,It's really boring. It's boring and I don't know what it's about
5,No presence, plainness
1,It's my fault that I trusted NAVER's rating. I gave you one point because it wasn't a 9-point movie. It was too quietI don't want anyone who believes in ratings and watches them like movies that are overpackaged with top actors.
1,Frustrating, no answer, no fun
1,Don't watch the best movie of your life It's a movie that's popular in the false sense that it's a piece of art It was the most popular one, Han Seokgyu and Shim Eunha The meaning comes out a lot in other movies, so don't watch it ㅠㅠ Big disappointment
5,Hmm... Maybe it's because we're from a different generation... I wasn't immersed in the movie.
1,I wonder why this movie is in the 9-point rangeAm I weird? If it's in the 9-point range, it's a movie that's really touching, such as Frozen, The Gift of Cell No.7 and the Truman Show, but this movie is a waste of 5 points
6,The movie would have given a perfect score if it were just a story of a man who was about to die.Why do you have to be in the middle of an awkward romance?
6,It's calm and soft.It was a movie that lingered in my mind
1,I don't understand why the ratings are so high. It wasn't fun.ㅠㅠ Is my emotions weird?
1,Well, it's not a movie with such a high rating.
6,The innocent romance between Shim Eun-ha and Han Seok-kyu was good, but in the end, it ended up in smoke
1,a movie that fits perfectly
6,It was calm and quiet, but personally, it was very boring.
1,I remember being so sleepy a long time ago.The score is too high, so just 1 point...
1,This isn't right either. It's such a long movie
1,Eunha and Seokgyu, I'm sorry.I'm so sad that I give you one point
1,I don't like it... Is it just a small story about ordinary people?
1,It's December right now. Why August?
1,The love of failure has never been glorified
6,It wasn't a bad melodrama, but honestly, I can't understand the score of 9 points. Although it captures the atmosphere of the 90s well, it should be evaluated by 2013 standards as it was re-released, right? These days, boring subjects and tacky storylines are boring, so I dozed off a little in the middle.
1,Wow... It's just... Really... I won't tell you...
6,Watch it with your friendIt's okay
1,I don't want to see it again.
1,It's really boring and it's a waste of money, so I just came out. What kind of fun is this? Why isn't there zero stars? I want to do zero, but I watched the movie after getting the rating. I regret it Give me a proper assessment--
1,Why is a movie that's more than 10 years old suddenly re-released? --ㅡㅡ
1,It's hard to walk around when you're really sick and dying, but there aren't many people who aren't sick, so they write fantasy. Even if it's a movie, you'll feel what this is all about when you watch it once or twice
1,There are no flaws or faults, but nothing more can be found. However, it must be a good movie because it means that it was made well in itself. It feels like it's overrated, so 1 point to adjust the score
1,I looked forward to it because it was 9.23 and it's boring. But Sim Eunha is really pretty. Legendary in the 90s
1,I don't know what's a good movie. The rating is too high. 6 points is enough
5,It was so calm that I was a little bored. But Sim Eunha was really pretty
1, a point,  a speck, a dot, a particle,  an article, an item.
1,Wow.................that's really not funny. I don't think there's a movie that's this overpacked. It's not profound, but it's just that netizens are overreacting. It's a movie that everyone can make.
1,Isn't this movie the original Japanese movie? There was a very similar movie. Which is the original?
5,The ratings are a bit too high.
6,I can only think of Shim Eun-ha's clean beauty. It's so calm. It doesn't hit home.
1,It's not that...
1,I don't recommend it
1,I don't recommend it
6,I'm still born in 1992, but I think poetic compression has rather undermined the film.
5,calm and light props
1,This is a rating scam. The content is boring. What is it boring?
4,It's a romance that the ladies would like.
1,I didn't like it
6,It's a story about the most trite disease that makes love impossible.The movie and the rating are exaggerated.
6,Is this that fun?Nanbo is boring all the time ㅠㅠ other people are funYes, I don't understand--
3,Oh, it's really boring.
1,It's not the kind of movie that gives a big impression
1,Am I the only one who doesn't like it?-,-ㅡ,ㅡ
6,It was just too natural for me. Maybe because it was an old movie, I couldn't relate to it
6,The letter and the promise are much sadder and more interesting than this movie
6,Should I say that it feels empty? Should I say it's empty?
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,Not good.
4,I saw it because the reviews were good, but I didn't like it
1,So the two main characters in the movie were a sexless couple. It doesn't mean that, does it?
3,What a waste; I personally don't like this setting. He didn't even give me a call me
2,It's not my type, is it? Everyone says it's fun, but I didn't like it.
1,I was tricked by a rating. No emotion, no interest. It's full of boredom.
1,A movie that showed the boredom of melodrama regardless of fun.
1,What is this? It's boring.
1,I don't think I'm gonna die without telling Sim Ha that I have cancer, but it's not a nine
5,Like a rock that sits on the side of your heart, your love lingers in your heart for a long time
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
4,It's a calming drama, but it doesn't mean you're showing understated aesthetics
6,It's not easy
1,Am I emotionally dry?
6,Just.
6,It's a good movie.I'm tired of being so calm.
1,The worst movie in my life...That's too much.~
3,... I was tricked
1,It's so obvious
5,What's this calmness -_-
1,Top
2,I'd like to thank the people who are attracted to the ratings.
1,The movie that Shim Eunha came out and ruined...
1,be as bad as a dog
5,bring out a big thing against a simple background
1,The rating is too high
6,Well,,
6,Not as much as expected.
2,Honestly, I don't know what's sad Where do I have to sob?
6,Starting calmly and ending quietly... This observation is difficult for me.
1,It was fun
1,It was fun.
4,Huh? It's too high score?
5,a calm film, not a work of art
6,I saw him when I was a kid, but... I don't know if it's jam...
5,This isn't right.
4,It seems too simple to see.
6,It sounds like a good movie, but I don't like it
1,in vain;;
1,I rented it on Saturday, but it's not as fun as it is now
5,I saw him when he was so young. You don't seem to understand. It wasn't fun
1,What about 10 points?
1,Izziever
1,It's not fun
3,It only flows gently. Very calmly. Very gently. It's too calm...
1,Honestly, it wasn't fun
1,I don't like Shim Eunha, so 1 point.
1,I'm forced to cry. I'm forced to cry!
1,I'm so tired of it.
1,I'm at home, but I don't want to see you.
5,It was just a calm feeling of calm
6,It's just that kind of romance
6,slept.
5,A movie without much emotion or tears. Bored...
1,It wasn't very interesting;
1,What? This is 1 point!
5,a boring movie without much emotion and tears
2,That's nice
5,The movie I don't know.
