우리들
2,a man with a thousand Buddhas in his heart
2,I didn't want to see them whining every 10 minutes
6,As soon as I saw this movie, I thought, "If I don't have money, I shouldn't have a baby."What's wrong with everyone's review?
2,Don't ever make a movie like this again
6,Elementary school students are more cruel. The purple devil
6,The subtle expression of emotions among girls and the psychological descriptions among children seem to have been well directed and acted.And how mean kids are these days...I was really surprised that it became my daily life. I thought it was a promotional movie to prevent school violence. I was surprised by the children's lines that only don't use abusive language and lack respect for each other.a mother raising a son
1,I don't even want to give you one point. It's so boring
1,Stalking-level friend-finding, teenage revenge, and revelation by a silly protagonist who is slow and thoughtless thoughts. And the discomfort that seems to be passionate... Is there a problem with my eyes? Even in the middle of the problem, is it the director's intention to eat well and live well or is it the problem of my heart? I'd like to know the reason why people evaluate such irresponsible movies so well. Someone please tell me
2,OO looks like a shipbuilding society. That's what?
2,It's a movie that makes you feel frustrated. The main character's personality is...
6,I don't think it's until 9 points. [7 points-1 points = 6 points (because the score is too high)]
2,The movie has no ending. They played dodgeball and ended
2,The close-up technique is so frustrating. It's not fun
5,I've been tricked by horoscopes. Video beauty, actors' acting, story, acting are all good, but I can't watch it because of empathy ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I'm sorry about the line. Bora Xiangxiangba: "Everyone is a perpetrator and everyone is a victim."
1,
5,Was my expectation too high? It's not fun at all
1,It's a boring movie.
5,Yoon, when are you going to play? That was the most impressive
6,The endless repetition and friendship of young girls in their early teens with transfer students in between... I don't want to say this, but I can only think of the word "female." I get tired in the middle of watching. I also felt that women would relate to it a lot Degree.
6,How can he do that? People are so cold and persistent that they bother others. Including yourself, of course.
5,It was fun, but Andy was no fun
2,Bullying is a bad thing, but if you have a friend you want to be close to, you have a friend you don't want to do that. I don't like sun-character. He always says he doesn't have money and comes with his younger brother. I don't like his taste. It's bad to bully, but I think I just played with another friend. It's not my type of movie. I was frustrated thinking about my childhood
1,I know it's personal preference, but I really didn't think it was fun. It's so annoying that I don't even know if it's a movie; and the storyline isn't that clear. It's called a growing movie, but I don't know where it's growing
1,It was the best. It was my first life movie.
6,To be honest, the line was stuffy.I don't have it. He's so pure and innocent.
1,The movie is awkward because there is no music.
5,That's a serious story for a kid's movie
1,The children's acting was okay, and the story was well empathetic. However, the reason for the conflict is that the children made it themselves, and the conflict only gets worse as they fight more and more, rather than apologize until the end. So what's left at the end? So? There's only one.
6,The details are good and the acting is good, but I can't relate to the development of jealousy when people ignore it. Is it because I didn't go through that kind of life and I'm not that kind of person? Is this movie a female movie by a female director? Why? Because?Really? Your movie left such questions
3,I'm a cast miss (G)I-DLE, but I can't get immersed in the movie because of their robot acting. The story was good  It wasn't my style, but the kids' acting is distracting them from concentration and immersion
6,The friendship that blooms between outcasts?
1,The end of the story is that the two of us are close again, so we're out of the bullying?lol
1,The gibes are ana-adult, single-minded, jealous, abusive, and hopeless uncomfortable to look at
6,It is somewhat regrettable that there is always such an absolute evil that is rarely seen in reality at the center of the incident.
1,Your own movie for you by you.
1,I was disappointed in many things.
4,The movie is good, but it is cruel and scarier than any horror or horror when you think of real children suffering from bullying or silverware. You did a good job of producing it breathtakingly. I hope the parents of children who are suffering from bullying don't make the mistake of showing themselves in a healing movie.
1,The last one. Who do you play with?' I don't understand why this is so touching. If you wanted to show us, why didn't you learn more about us? If you're going to talk about bullying, at least you should have understood bullying.
1,It's a waste of 1 point. His acting is not that good either
5,I was hoping for a happy ending, but both of them seemed to express a sad reality, and it was a pity for the students who transferred from the perspective of bullying
1,500 people watched this movie far away? Smell of fabrication
1,The whole time I'm watching, my character is frustrated...
1,Your voice is annoying. Do dubbing
1,A movie for elementary school students. Middle school students
6,If this is real, it's really cruel. She is just a pretty girl, but it was hard to watch the movie. But it's an experience that you might have when you were a kid. I understand, but I thought a lot that I should be a mother and set a good example for an adult.
3,Why is this more than 9 points? It's so annoying that elementary school kids especially girls couldn't dub their voices. If they dozed off, why do you make a movie and take 9,000 won each? Why do you just have to show it as a documentary on TV like a parenting diary?
6,It was a movie where emotions were read without narration. It felt like reading a diary. I didn't like the end
5,It wasn't fun
4,It's terrible
5,I put it on because the rating was good, but I don't know...Is your sensitivity dry?ㅈ
1,Is this a movie that's worth coming out in the theater?
1,I saw it because the grade was good, but the psychological description of the girls in the 4th grade was good, but unlike my childhood, it wasn't a big deal, and I was thankful to my mom for spending my childhood without bullying, and I felt that I wasn't raising them like a child
6,It was a good movie, but the strange habits of the female race and the childishness and lack of understanding of children can be upsetting to a lot of men who can't relate or understand If it weren't for Yoon, I might have gotten betterIt was a very tired emotional line
5,The actors are lovely and the video is warm, but you can't just laugh. Because it's both their story and mine. Because we have no choice but to be bound together.
2,Don't look at it. Sleepiness is not fun, it's not touching, it's random
6,I think the movie itself is a masterpiece, but I feel so uncomfortable watching it. I feel like I have to pay for the movie and suffer from it. If I went to watch it alone, I would have left in the middle.
1,Ha...ha...
4,Damian just copied it. I guess it's everything if you change the settings
6,I was attracted to my girlfriend. Wouldn't most men see it like this? It's not funny. It's a story of women when they were young, so I don't even sympathize with them. Don't look at men
2,A lot of cicadas in their 30s watched it. Personally, it was like watching elementary school kids' daily lives. I forced myself to watch it because of my girlfriend.
2,Naver's one-line analysis tells us. People who sympathize with the movie are women who grow old alone in their homes, regardless of their children and husbands. They are the kind of people who get excited when a baby appears in an advertisement or movie. It makes me angry to sell home video-level videos.
6,Aina. It was a sad movie that made me think that the world is the same for adults
4,It wasn't as good as I thought.
6,May have more temper tantrums. caution
