쥬만지
1,I can't stand it because it's childish. A movie you shouldn't watch if you graduated from elementary school.
1,I remember having fun watching it...
6,A typical American family movie. The development is somewhat awkward and not smooth. It's a little touching that Allen's father gave up everything and found Alan, who went missing, and that he met the kids again at the end.
6,If you want to see the CG level of the '90s, Robin Williams in his lifetime, Kirsten Dunst's childhood again...
2,A movie that I waited for to end quickly
1,It's really not funny.From the beginning, there's been only a dull conversation between the characters and a few thrilling battle scenes with animals -- and I'm looking forward to seeing the exciting Jumanji that I saw as a child.
3,The actors' acting is really incredible!However, the ad-libs and touching points in the movie were a bit too far-fetched, and I couldn't watch them comfortably.The content was not so good and I don't think there was any impact.I watched it until the end because it was a waste of money. It was really boring...The friend who went to watch it with me fell asleep.But I think people who like it will like it.
1,Rather than watching this, I just sleep at home
1,Bored for two hours I went to see Jumanji with hope, but I don't know how many times I yawned
2,I slept well while watching a movie after a long time
4,I really don't know why the ratings are so high. I watched it on the opening day, and it was so boring and there were even many people who dozed off.
2,Sony Sony Sony Sony
6,Actually... Two was more fun. I was looking forward to it because it was so much fun, but I don't think it's up to my expectations. It's worth watching for fun!
5,
5,The production CG was excellent at that time
1,JUNGMO is going crazy I'll give you 10 points for this, and I'll give you 1 point for movies these days. My eyesight got worse and I couldn't keep up with the action
1,Health Nicaraguan Accounting Tribunal Meeting Division
3,...well, not bad
5,A simple amusement park in the fence of a family movie
3,I miss Robin Williams.
6,It would have been more fun if I watched it when I was young.
1,Now that I see it, it's not that fun
1,Kirsten Dunst, you're a boy
1,Please understand that I have no choice but to give you half a star because I want to stand out.
5,That's a really interesting story.
6,It was an interesting movie as a family adventure
1,It's a waste of a grade point; it's a waste of time and why did I watch such a movie? It's not touching and the progress is frustrating. What are you doing?
5,It's interesting. The rating of five is reasonable.
1,It's not fun. If you're going to do this, don't make it and use it to develop a country
6,It's not that fun. It's not that funbe not very interesting
1,What? What do you want me to do? Do I have to give you 10 points?
1,I will reap what I am--
1,It's not that fun... It just feels like that
1,The movie didn't get this much rating
5,There are a lot of golden keys, but it's a game that's distracted by it.
6,It was a fantastic movie when I was young, but when I grew up, I saw a lot of things that I lacked.
5,a well-made Hollywood amusement park
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before. It's neither funny nor touching
6,A plain family movie...
6,ROBIN WILLIAMS is certainly fit for this. turn a board game into science fiction
6,It's a distraction. It's a matter of taste.
1,It's just a family-oriented movie. It's hard to pull it off when you're over 30
1,It's boring
6,A normal family movie. Recommended when you want to hang out with kids.
4,I don't understand the rating.
5,It's a movie that targets elementary school students from the beginning. It's better to turn up the volume.
4,It would've been fun to watch at that time ㅠㅠ It's so childish to watch now ㅠㅠ
2,It was really fun after Younggu and the dinosaur.
1,adjustment of scores
6,It's a typical family movie, but when I was young, I would have missed 10 points
5,It's all a set-up game. Plus Alan character who can't agree with a hundred concessions --;
6,좋아!
1,It doesn't work. I've been egged on so much that it's far from my cup of tea.
6,I really enjoyed watching it when I was young, but it's fun even if I watch it again.
1,Jumanji's Cholae Kidding
1,Eight overrated movies are appropriate.
3,The fact that gambling started with my will, but I put the dice after all the hard work
6,It's chaotic, but it's fun
6,It's so loud!
6,Just for the fun of coming out with all kinds of animals.
1,a grading system
5,Unique material. You can't help but go crazy when you're young.
6,Only the material is unique. Would it be touching if I saw it when I was young?
1,Bubbles;;
4,Just worth seeing
6,There's no touching moment. It's just fun
1,The graphic t-shirt is so... Don't make it
1,It's for them
6,It was a really fun movie.
1,It's not that...
1,I'm sure they hired another part-timer. Don't try to fool me
1,I was fooled.
1,Oh, my.
6,It's worth seeing.
1,Why does this suddenly pop out and come in second place?LOL
3,Why did this come out?
6,It was the worst Robin Williams movie ever.
1,a low-quality sci-fi movie
5,I'm just surprised that the rating is high;;
6,somewhat mediocre
6,Spielberg is not the only one who makes this.
6,It's fun. Of course, you get tired of watching it more than 20 times
6,Regardless of everything, it is true that the special effects are a great spectacle
1,Under 20 years old, but...a children's film
1,Throw it away
1,One of the most childish movies - why I made it.I don't understand.
