세 얼간이
6,I've seen it twice because it's such a masterpiece, but I still don't know
4,It's so childish that my hands and feet are cringe-worthy, but why is the rating so high?
4,Unrealistic main character, Mihwa.
6,It's worth watching, but it's a new drama.I don't think it's such a washable movie.An Indian movie!
3,Of India's 1.3 billion population, the proportion of college graduates is 9.9 million, and the top 0.7%. Although they may look foolish, they live in the top 0.7 percent of their lives and live in an environment where talent can bloom. India is a country where the caste system still exists and the Sudhra class cannot dream. Were we not able to see the absurdity and reality of India? Rather, Slumdog Millionaire is the reality.Rancho laughs at realists in the unreal. Stupid idiots are us watching a movie.
1,a film for elementary school students
6,Registered my Tianjin Nun5 st. Adelaide Livran Social Multifactor Network.
1,He said it was a masterpiece, so I looked forward to it, but everyone's dreams and thoughts were wrong, and the main character who ridiculed and sarcastically corrected it was disgusting. His arrogance and hardships were all nothing. I'll never see an Indian movie again
5,Funny, wise sayings are good, and the main character's personality is refreshing. However, the development that lacks reality and the main character is creative, but the degree of mischief is too much. But he always falls for the main character's buff. It's a movie that you can enjoy watching while emptying your head as a fantasy.
1,It's really boring. Even children won't like it
2,Not as interesting as the title...
2,Life is no joke. Movies are just movies. Let's not copy them
1,It's not fun. It's not Naestal
1,This is how I want to give 11 points
6,Honestly, I don't understand. Chatur was only guilty of working hard in a given situation and had to be laughed at for it. To be honest, it was pretty uncomfortable.Is it bad to study hard and try to get good grades at a good university?
6,I honestly didn't like it. It's just...Not a bad movie, "When a friend fails, tears come out, and when a friend wins first place, tears come out." This line is touching. K
6,Is it Indian humor? Starting with the dean's taffy part, every moment of singing was hard. It's like a golden spoon is looking for a dream. I think it's a good story. Anyway, it was hard for me to see through.
1,I can't watch Indian movies
6,I don't know the story, but it's not fun because it's a musical Did you just sing a song? Musical movie is good enough for sound of music, opera house, movie is hard to concentrate
4,Three idiots who are just consumables for their drama, no matter how anyone else suffers for their own small personal purpose. I could get a glimpse of the character of the Indians.
4,I was so immersed in the movie and enjoyed watching it, but I got so mad after watching the rape joke that I couldn't even see the movie after that. It's like India in 2009 that we all laugh together after watching thatten thousand
6,The movie is interesting, but I was surprised when the six-point class came out because I copied the dead poet society, and I thought that the student copied too much when he committed suicideAliswell = Carpe diem O'Captain My Captain didn't copy it because it might be too obvious
1,It's a no fun movie. The song is not good, and the comment is not funny at all. I watch it as much as I can, but it's not a real movie. Extreme job and two no fun bosses
3,Childish, shallow, vain and vain story characters attempt to produce a thin paper doll-like, dramatic scene in a way that lists countless times, all of which are cliché lumps. It is a work that filmmakers can analyze as a counter-teacher. However, the critical view of Indian society is evaluated
1,노No fun 인도 인도 Why is the Indian movie song "Chemani" 8?
1,The movie is interesting. I'm just adjusting the rating.^^*
1,As expected, Indian movie scenarios need to diet
2,Look at Hotel Mumbai Three idiots in India. I hate hotel Mumbai. Allahin Indian dog 10 flavor
4,I know exactly what Rancho is trying to say. It's not right to force others to think about you. God, I hate people like this. People who are awake, blindly criticizing the system, harming others, and pretending to have something
1,a film with a punchline of Rancho's ideas
5,Plots, characters and humor are very childish, so it's not something that adults would like. Dance and singing are exciting.
1,But you come first in communication and foot-and-mouth disease.
1,Project Nit 67 in 54 in Sports For All and Country
1,National Environmental Planner Not the Same Family Healthcare Initiative
4,It's not funny to see the kids playing Aliswell and giving you points.
1,In other words, the International Conference of the Fertilizer Grand Canal.
5,The best thing I've ever seen in school! All is what!
6,In the age of collective intelligence and collective research, there can be no other genius now.  Just Woo Minhwa.
2,A long and boring piece of work, which has a childish sense of humor that can never be laughed at, and an emotional man has taught a lesson. It's my first Indian casual movie, and the background and direction are okay.
5,When I first saw it, I thought it was both refreshing and creative, but the more I saw it, the more rude the three people's actions were to others, and it was not good to wrap it up as an impression or an ideal.However, I give you at least 5 points because it's.
1,That's not realistic It's not realistic
1,As soon as I saw the first 20 minutes, I could feel the curry humor code and India's unique niggle, so I deleted it. It doesn't suit me
6,Let's do what we like and do.
4,You might think it's a weird prejudice to say this, but... I hate almost all Indian movies. Why do I always do musicals?
1,If you can endure childishness and cringe, you might enjoy watching it. I wish it wasn't me.
1,The optimism that al-Iswell will be done in a class-like society with untouchables is not hypocritical, but disgusting
1,I like thriller horror and action movies, so I can't watch them for long. It doesn't suit me
1,It's well made, isn't it? ^^
2,The rating was high, so I gave him 3 hours -- I don't believe in ratings anymore
1,I was just like that...
1,I don't understand why this trash has a high rating
5,I don't think Indian movies are fun
4,It's like seeing Shim Hyeongrae's Younggu and Ddangchil. I realize that everyone has likes and dislikes.
6,An interesting life story of an optimist...It's nothing more than that
6,The contents and videos of the book
6,Haha, my mother
5,The movie is moving on C.O.V. with a score of 9 points for boredom
5,A movie that's boring and doesn't know where to laugh
4,a live-action Disney animation It has all the elements that Koreans will like, but thanks to it, the probability is low and the development is somewhat absurd.
2,If you're touched by a movie like this, you should get diagnosed because you're oversensitive.
1,The worst, the worst, the worst
3,When does the movie end?
1,Let's not be fooled by the ratings. It's not a 9+ movie.
1,In the end, the movie's overall message was overturned, saying that money is the measure of success
5,It's touching, but it's halved because of episodes like a movie that's so far-fetched.
1,I watched it for an hour and a half, but it's not fun Very. I'll be hosting a dead poet twice.
1,The best movie of my life.Beyond the third rate of sleepless sighs.
2,I give you two points because of some terrorist.
1,Their own gag, their own lesson... Of course, there are a lot of people who enjoyed watching this movie, but there are people who don't get along A movie that's a waste of money for those people
1,If you live on the Korean Peninsula, this movie is just an ideology
1,Genius isn't a problem seeker, he's a problem solver, and the migrant is just a torture
1,No comic, no reality, no touching, no subject, no lessons, third rate rubbish. Eventually, a genius with tremendous wealth and genius destroyed his surroundings and succeeded only by himself. After all, they're living like losers in their lives. What is this...
1,Let's not watch manly men. It's not funny
6,the gap between the ideals and reality of a movie
1,A film that holds false hope for the slaves of Hell Joseon. At least in this country, you'll hang yourself when you're 30
1,No content, no lessons, no overaction, lack of probability, no pretty actress or great actor, what am I giving you 10 points for a third-rate movie?
1,It's childish and tiresome. It's not fun. It's a rare big movie. I don't know what's good about India's childish content.
1,I doubt it's really a rating manipulation. Too much expectation makes me think of the gift or Myeongnyang of No. 7 room.
2,Why the gag used in the 80s in Korea comes out in movies made in the 21st century... I think it's a little better than the movies that Shim Hyung-rae made...
2,a film that looks like an ill-organized memo
3,I'd rather watch Acepted than watch this. Bollywood characteristics, singing and dancing in the middle, are so annoying.
5,I don't know why it's rated high
1,The movie that makes you laugh is not fun
2,My hands and feet are cringe-worthy.
1,The biggest bubble rating movie since the V4 Vendetta...
2,I'll give you two points because of the bubble
1,Strangely, the rating is too high
4,A typical Internet puffer movie.
6,Literally, a movie that empowers people who have been hurt by cold reality. It's a shame that the movie itself seems to be a fodder for ordinary people who have worked hard. Even though it was so good that I was dragged through the movie, I don't think I can do anything about it.
1,It's personal, but it's so childish and it only causes forced laughter.It teaches a deep lesson to some, but to others, running time is boring.
6,It is a movie worth watching.
3,Totally childish! It's like an Indian movie.
4,I really don't know what the general public is looking at. If a normal person has that mindset in Korea, he or she is just unemployed... It's because he's a genius who can do well even if he lives just because he likes it
1,It wasn't this much jam
2,The content is corny and the character's personality is typical and exaggerated. Maybe it's a characteristic of Indian movies
5,Indian movies have unexpected songs, dances, and slow motion interferes with the appreciation. Is this the same reaction when Korean actors copy this movie as it is? Wouldn't it be called childish jjamppong?
1,Indian movies are like skits. I want you to do something to distract me from singing and dancing. Personally, I don't think it suits Indian movies.
6,It's just sloppy. Everyone knows this and it's normal to make this into a movie.
2,Follow your dreams and live. Who doesn't know? It was really childish and corny. I don't know how you'll feel if you're new to this kind of movie. There is a tendency to give a low rating because the rating of 9.5 is suspicious, but it was not so high as originally 6 points.
6,The rough gemstone (Balliwood) was well polished.
1,Oh, I saw the message for the grade, but it's for elementary school education
1,Thank you for the Indian dance the cross
1,Hmm. It's higher than I thought  The rating
1,A sloppy jigsaw movie.
5,It was just worth watching. Compared to his reputation...
1,Don't watch this crap movie. What's the score of 10?
6,I think I would have enjoyed it more if I watched it when I was young
1,a film full of giggles be rated as a gangster
1,The critics are crazy. I have to track all the Indian money deposits.
1,If you see it once, you want to see it again.
1,So childish. Kids with high ratings are childish
1,A no-fun feast. It's not a B-rated movie. It's a D-rated movie
3,Less than an educational drama
1,be not worth much evaluation
1,It's not funny, and there are only two funny things
6,Good for an entertainment movie. However, there are many messages and criticisms in comedy movies, and when the view is changed, it becomes a really childish movie
6,Bollywood's charms and limitations
1,A movie that elementary school students would praise
1,Watching. Childishness, forcedness and boredom that makes you want to turn off the movie
5,It's fun, but the ratings are too high
1,6-7 is the right score. Dance for no reason. Singing should come out all the time. It's Indian
4,Dog attraction! I thought teenagers would like it if they were teenagers
1,Ratings... This isn't a movie with a rating
1,It's fun to sing in the middle of it's out of the blue
3,Three Idiots: One genius, two geniuses who are enlightened by a genius, and the rest! If you really want to see three idiots, I recommend reading a book.Rancho isn't a douche, he's a douche. He's more of a hero trying to overcome his humble fateHaha
1,The score was this high, but I couldn't find any fun. "I'm on my way to meet you"
1,I don't know why I get such a high rating
1,The Worst Movie to Become a Disappointed Dog
6,an infinite positivism toward life It's exactly like Bollywood
1,It's crazy and you drive it to the extreme for fun, but it's instructive and touching, so is the rating high? This isn't right  Other directors would be so frustrated if they succeeded even if they made a story with the background sound
6,It's very interesting and I want to copy it, but isn't it too far from reality...
1,The lesson of this movie is this! and plainly revealedA good work is made to convey a message enough without expressing it openly. A film that can't erase a very thin and one-dimensional feeling that can't be found in a work
1,It's Byung-point control. Show shank you
6,It's like a B-rated musical.But, Myo, Myo...fall into  It is the fatal attraction of Bollywood movies.
1,It's a good movie, but it's not a great movie to remain a masterpiece  So now the rating is like an insult to great movies and so the film's current over-rated rating needs to be adjusted  Do you really think this is a movie that deserves to be ranked among immortal masterpieces?
1,I feel like I'm a college student again. If I saw you as a student, I would have given you 10 points
1,What's wrong with this? Is it mob mentality that everyone says is funny?
1,It's a fun movie with lessons and good movies, but unfortunately, it's a movie with the theme of "Do what you want to do" and "Do what you want to do" and "Dead Poets Society" has meaning, but the movie ends with a few lines...
1,Self-Defense Video to Satisfy the Delusion of the Scholars
1,Thank you for the movie Ahem
4,I don't think it's my taste. It's not fun. I just watched it. I think it's a difference
1,It's a perfect score for a critic. It's perfect
1,It's a movie that's not good enough for ratings. Four to five points seem to be a reasonable rating.
1,Personally, it was a really childish movie. From the overall content to the narrative structure, you can't get rid of the childish feeling, and the unique "groove" (?), dances and songs that come out like musicals all the time...A movie I don't want to see again, to be honest.
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I'm sorry for the secret rating I can't tell you
6,Movies are just movies. Let's not copy them
6,Personally, I don't understand this movie in Naver's movie rating ranking. It's not worth a nine. It's.
1,It's a bubble with a rating of over 9 points
5,an ill-advised dream   A good movie to watch when you're not motivated, when you're lethargic, for entertainment, for refreshment.
6,It was a very ordinary movie. Why is it so popular?
1,I don't know why this is so funny.The sense of immersion, tension, and directing doesn't mean that you're good at filming. I think it's better to watch Goodwill Hunting 10 times during the first time.
1,비현실 비현실 Unrealistic movie.. In a rich country, you do what you want to do. 좁은 좁은 How can you live by doing what you want to do when you have limited work on a small piece of land? Who would you pick if there are people who are good at studying and working, and those who just like it? an idealistic film
4,It was worth watching, but the rating is too high.
2,The whole content may be good, but the progress is very boring. I just couldn't see it through.
1,A movie I don't want to see again ^^
1,A movie that was hard to watch until the end ^^
1,I think it's funny and I don't like it. I think it's a little childish
5,It was worth watching, but the rating is too high
6,Why is the rating so high?LOL It wasn't good. That's too simple
5,Indian movies always had one-dimensional parts, but...For example, a student memorizes incorrectly printed words, reads them stupidly on stage, and becomes a sea of laughter.But it was a delightful Indian film It's not as good as I expected, so it's a bit disappointing.
2,Why is the score so high? I don't understand... I shouldn't have trusted the rating and downloaded it. My 1,200 won... Personally, it's more of a bubble than Frozen.  Did you manipulate the ratings?
1,That's childish. I love the score. It's funny.
1,I didn't like it. Too high a rating
1,I give you 1 because the rating is too high. It's perfect to watch when you feel that reality is too hard and you want to be childish. It's like a children's movie It's not a derogation. It's not a work of art. It's for entertainment. Lessons are one-dimensional
5,I'm sick and tired of excessive optimism
1,There must be a lot of likes and dislikes.
1,Some cringe-worthy scenes and lines. The ending is a bit weird.
1,I got a rating. I only watched Hollywood, Japanese, and Chinese movies. It was interesting because it was Indian background, but that's it
6,I don't like it, why is the score so high?
1,I can't stand it. I can see the limits of the Indians
1,As with most Indian films, the narrative and consistent hyperbole.
4,I know what you're talking about, but... It is regrettable that he expressed the professor's efforts to save one second for his dream too much. Not everyone in the world is a genius like the main character, but will a talent be discovered just by emphasizing free creativity?
6,I'm sure it's the top of an Indian movie, but it feels like a musical, and it feels a little boring in the middle, and I'm trying to be explicit about what I'm trying to suggest Revealingly telling the audience what they should realize after watching the movie and thinking about it
1,I watched a movie that didn't make sense, but I was really fooled. Don't ever look. This is the only movie that made it to Alba heaven
4,The reason why this rating is like this is because I think elementary and middle school students gave me a rating like this I just watched it and I think all the bad parts of the movie are collected
6,I didn't like it. I liked the middle part, but I didn't like the middle part
1,There's a friend who recommends so many movies, so I was thinking about downloading them, but I went on a date and watched it in the DVD room. I've never seen such a childish, boring, long movie. Songs are so long and random. People who live in a different metaphysics
5,I know it's a good movie, but I think it's overrated. The poor progression was so biased toward the instructive that it made the viewer very bored.
4,one of the most overrated films
2,A movie that tells us the level of our country. A movie that gives us 10 points if we put in dirty comedy; a comedy was really good, but that's it
1,Clichés are full of messages. Nice message, guaranteed some fun, but crucially obvious. The characters, the characters, the situations... This is for killing time.
6,The illusion that romance and dreams will be good.
1,재미없는, 지루한
1,The best trash movie is not fun, but the running time is too long, and Naver's rating is fraudulent, and the reporter's rating is just right
1,I don't know why this is a masterpiece
5,I just couldn't see it through. Because the main character feels so hypocritical. Like a super rich man preaching to beggars that money isn't important in the world. Besides, if you want to talk about it, you can just say that your dream will come true.It's just a distorted message from society
6,It's a touching chord that I've seen a lot of times.
1,a poor quality film It's obvious that it's a set. It's not fun at all. I saw it at school, but if it was boring all the time, there was no cell phone. I couldn't sleep -- I watched it with this expression
1,I kept singing and it wasn't fun, so I gave you 1 point -- you almost died of boredom all the whole time you watched it
5,Talking about free education and ideas, movies are cramming...
1,It's a movie that would have been criticized if it were a Korean director.
1,It's really boring. I've never seen such a boring movie
1,It's trash. I thought you were trash
1,I know it's a good work, but it's too rated...Honestly, does it make sense that this movie has a higher rating than the best movie of all time?I think about 8 points is good enough, but now I'm giving you too much points, and the gap with the press rating is huge
1,This is why I don't believe in Naver ratings. For your information, I think this movie is overrated.
1,S and B fishing...Causing crimes and glorifying...FUCKING YOUR FRIEND AND USING...The lesson is the best, right?Clementine has a lesson, tooThis movie director should just do a stupid show
1,It's obvious, it's not funny, it's cringe-worthy
4,It's a little boring for me.
1,Why is the rating so high?
1,I didn't think it was fun at all
6,I fell down after filming a movie.No, the movie is filming a movie
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I got a higher score than Titanic because my stomach hurt
1,No Fun Emotional Movie --
1,I feel like I'm being overrated
1,As expected, the rating is at the level of netizens, which should not be interpreted as a movie, but it is really unconvincing that the film is ranked 10th in Naver's overall movie ranking. From the middle and upper ranks, the rating seems to be just random due to the timing, age, and level of netizens.
1,I heard the rumor and saw it. It was just a typical Bollywood movie and it was amazing that such a movie made 81.1 billion won in box office profits. It was just a rubbish movie. At least it was for me. I'm just surprised that the rating is high here, too, and it's a pity that I can't give you a zero.
1,not much
6,Why do you have a high rating when you're childish after saying obvious things?  I don't know why movies with obvious lessons are so popular. It was so obvious and obvious that it was embarrassing. You can't do it because you don't know the lessons here?
1,If you tell me to laugh and be moved by this, tell Moon Hee-joon to learn rock.
1,... The content is good, but there is no depth
1,Honestly, this movie is a bubble movie
5,The obvious story, the obvious touching... a familiar story of genius
6,It's fun, but coercion makes it uncomfortable.
2,2 points are appropriate
1,A low-level self-improvement book that's hard to even publish. It's not that the message from the movie is bad. It's a movie that's too weak to comment on. It's a movie full of deterrence. To give you some advice for your time, watch two other good movies during this movie time.
5,After watching this movie, I made a pledge not to watch Indian movies again
1,I don't understand why the ratings are so high
5,Kidding dogs. Sitcomers
1,It wasn't that fun to have a high rating. I gave him 1 point because he was dumbfounded
4,Obvious story... It's okay for someone who's wandering about what a dream is. It's a bit far fetched for me, so it doesn't fit
6,Well...
1,Zero work. A film like a self-improvement book. It is surprising that the infinitely positive view and Enlightenment are working in this era. The movie's rating seems to reflect the level of the Korean public in terms of culture and art.
2,I didn't know this movie had a high rating. It's literally a dork movie. I can't feel the sincerity of the movie. Just a dog joke?Since the movie takes a long time, give me 2 stars
1,I watched it because it was number one recommendation, but this isn't touching. It's really not fun. It's been a long time. I was bored to death. I watched it, but I ended up doing something else. It's not fun at all
3,Don't be fooled by the common self-improvement book
1,It's a movie with a masterpiece of 8 points that makes good use of Bollywood's vibes
1,Awkward, contradictory, authoritative, enlightening, the lesson is that effort cannot beat genes?
1,Is the breakthrough in coercive competitive education a natural genius brain who eats well and lives well without formal education? It seems that the reality of education in Korea is frustrating to see such a childish movie
1,The group dance and song that pops out from time to time and cuts off the flow of the movie are annoying
1,As expected, Indian movie scenarios need to diet
5,I'm a bit annoyed because of the musical
1,It's an obvious theme and realistic criticism, but it's a long running time, but the obvious development that continues from the middle of the movie is Bollywood-style and likesable musical scene
6,You tell me to do what I want to do, but I don't think I'll succeedRather than the success of the main character and his friends, I think it would be better to see him live happily even though it's a failure
6,Overall, it's a good movie.a blatant heroism that is far-fetched and exaggerated.
3,Indian jokes that you can't laugh at. It's a cultural difference
1,Is it a cultural difference? What's this?
1,A movie that is somewhat unrealistic and full of drama elements but is fun enough
1,a boring movie
4,The standard of Indian movies, poor and dreamy. I'm sick of it's
1,I'm never going to watch Indian movies again.
1,OOO movie ㅉㅉ
6,It was just worth watching
1,Just watch it
5,I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't that great. The subject and the fun...
6,a light movie I liked the characteristic cheerfulness.
6,Originally, it was 9 points, but the ones released in Korea were edited as beggars. Look at the original
5,Well, I think it's a good movie It's not fun...I don't know if it's because the ratings are high...It was boring, not my cup of tea.It's worth watching when you're relaxed.If you're looking for a funny movie, I don't recommend it.The score is too high.
1,All is well! All is well! All is well!
1,It's fun, but the score is too high. I'll give you 1 point
1,I agree with the high rating
1,The rating is too high. I clicked all the masterpieces
5,Honestly, I think the rating is too high for the movie. It's true that it's a good movie, but it's a little bit that this movie is number one on Naver. The running time is too long, and there is a lot of lack of Indian movies. Well, it might be personal. Anyway, I think 5 points is perfect
1,It's worth watching, but does it make sense to get 1st overall rating?
1,Is there 0 point? Rancho or maybe it's not my father's scooter. I think it's OOO. It's a job for people who are opposed to my idea. Do you hate people who are self-made because of their hard work?
1,Why is it fun? I don't understand
1,It is a characteristic of a popular Indian movie that comes out of nowhere. It is an enlightening story about educational methods, but it is a movie that is almost obvious because it is the main character who claims that it is difficult in reality, but many teenagers who are dissatisfied and don't want to study
2,It's perfect for killing time. It's a weird song. It's cringe-worthy because everyone's obvious lesson. Artistry and workmanship are below expectations and cannot be understood by those who praise them.
1,Normal, but the one who tried has no future
1,A movie like an idiot gets 1 point
1,A movie that's literally stupid
1,Three Idiots
1,It's fun, but it's ridiculous.
1,Childish Waistwood Chewers Happy Ending Comedy~
1,Not so much;;;;;;;;
1,How can a movie like a caravan raping a person on a bus be fun? LOL
5,a movie that is divided into likes and dislikes
1,The Indians have no manners
1,What a jerk!
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,It wasn't that fun.
1,What's so interesting about Indian movies?
1,What do you need for this movie? Loyalty
1,You're really not loyal.
1,Idiots have no brains but no grandeur.
1,The movie that I enjoyed watching... It was the best movie of my life. Until the hero Salamander's secret is released... If the hero is a 9.6-point movie, I'll give you one because this movie deserves nine
1,It's really childish. This is more boring and childish than Salamander's secret or something. This kind of trashy Indian movie bubble needs to be removed, but OOO who can't watch movies praise it.
1,It's fun. You should watch it
1,Oh, there's not much difference from Bosung
1,a great deal
1,a great deal
1,The movie of three dopey men.
1,The limitations of Indian films...
1,You're not loyal. Is this why you'really? It's not funny
1,a childish movie
1,Loyalty
1,It's really funny, but it's ridiculous... Come on!
1,a great deal
1,Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1,It's the best movie, but... lack of loyalty
1,It's fun.
1,does
1,Literally an idiot
1,I'm so disappointed.
1,be shameless
1,Is this fun?
1,Come on!
1,The loyalty of idiots... The loyalty of the town
1,The three idiots have no backbone
2,It's all good, but let's not make a mess at other people's stores. I'm going to give you two!
1,a lack of loyalty
1,Idiots are not loyal
1,A movie without a head is a dead body by Jun
1,It's fun, mia
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,have no loyalty
1,Come on!
1,I'm so proud of you
1,That's ridiculous
1,Honestly, I don't like it... Maybe it's because it's an Indian movie.
1,I will be majestic
1,It's too big
1,a stupid movie
1,That's not fun.
1,I've never seen such a loyal movie.
1,I'll give you 1 point because you're so mean to your classmates
1,Why do Indian movies sing and dance? Without loyalty...
1,a great deal of weakness
1,It's for the killing time, but the rating is too high
1,It's just cringe-worthy
1,a trident
1,충실함
1,It was such a magnificent movie
1,Lee Soogeun, Eun Jiwon, Kim Jongmin
1,Before you're a genius, you should discuss loyalty first.
1,The security in India is no joke these days. I hope no one goes to India after watching this
1,Honestly, it wasn't fun. I was tricked by the rating ㅜㅜ
1,There's no curry soup
1,A movie that doesn't have this loyalty...
1,to the lord of the lord
1,Indian movies have no loyalty.
3,It's a shame that you lack loyalty.
3,It doesn't matter if it's OO or Idiots, but I'm not loyal
1,a country rife with crimes and sexual violence in India
1,Genius engineering or whatever, a man without loyalty doesn't deserve to be a man
1,The country that sexually assaulted a woman without her is OUT
1,be shameless
1,I don't like Indian movies
1,We
1,You're letting me kill myself with the color of the helicopter!
1,I've never seen such a stupid movie
1,Idiots don't know what to say, so 1 point
1,Emotional man out!
1,The way I dance is cringe-worthy
1,You idiots.
1,Idiots aren't that loyal
1,In an episode between three idiots, I felt a sense of friendship. I can't do this.
1,It is a good movie, but there is no loyalty.
1,It's a good movie, but I'm a little disappointed.
1,I'm not good enough...Think about it I wonder if such a ridiculous movie is necessary in the world needs
1,There is no emotion for the Indian. It's because it's so strong.
1,Just like a child;;
1,It's not funny, it's not recommended
1,It's not funny "Happy Enthusiasticity" Unexpected twist
1,Why do you watch such a ridiculous movie?ㅉ
1,If your friends disappeared, you should think about finding them right away. You'll find them later
1,If you have three friends who are annoying, you should know how to take care of them, but you're bullying them and the three friends who used to gather around succeeded only in smart people. In a word, there is no loyalty in this movie.
1,OO curry men
1,No stress
1,Not funny
1,not much
3,I'll give you 1 point for each idiot, and a total of 3 points.
1,Bored...
1,You're so rude
1,That's ridiculous
1,Why is everyone so bossy?
1,Do the three idiots think you're really loyal? I don't think so
1,be loyal to
1,have no manners among friends
1,a low-key movie
1,One point
1,Curry loyalty? OO!!!!!
1,a bunch of dopey friends
1,She doesn't know what she's doing
1,He's acting like he's close, but he's not loyal.
1,That was really boring.
1,A ridiculous curry movie. 1 point.
1,It was a good movie, but no loyalty, so 1 point
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,Not funny
1,It's a movie where the three of us just go for each other's goals without a hitch.
1,1 point because you don't seem loyal
1,It's a good story of the three friends, but crucially, they're not loyal.
1,Electric electric show!1
1,It's like a childish children's movie
1,Unloyal three-minute curry. No more never.
1,The cry of three friends who are not loyal to the university was so vain
1,Have some curry
1,Do you really think this movie can be evaluated as much as a hero? Look at the hero and feel the glory!
1,After watching the hero, I realized that every movie has no loyalty - without loyalty, it's not a movie, it's a coloured dung, and so is this
1,A movie with no loyalty. I couldn't help but shout after watching this movie. "Where's your loyalty?"
1,You have to be at least like Bosung's "Kick It"
1,That's ridiculous. My score is...
1,the worst
1,Like a rape curry, I've never seen a single moment of loyalty.
1,Come on!
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,Don't glorify the Indian filth
1,Ilbe ssdangkke and fire support.
1,Come on!
1,It was a very interesting and mellow movie with three men
1,Three idiots are not women, so 1 point.
1,1 point because I'm an idiot
1,Friends should be loyal.
1,Fire support
1,a great deal
1,Obvious trashy movie. Bad movie that comes out and dances in groups
1,Wow~!
1,Kill time is too long, and curry jjang-jjang is too loyal
1,It's fun, but it's not bossy
1,I'm giving you MJH because you don't have the grace
1,Don't pretend to be loyal. Bosung is a true loyal friend.
1,It's all good, but it's a sad movie
1,He's so stupid
1,to come to keep one's loyalty
1,stupid idiots
1,You loyal idiots! The title has already lost its loyalty to the audience!
4,Programmer, fighting!
1,Idiots don't know loyalty
1,The Indian people, the country of rape, have no loyalty, so they do group rape. So 1 point
1,The unspeakable male character leaves without a word
1,If it's a movie, the first priority should be... It was a bit disappointing.
1,Loyalty. I evaluate all movies with these two words... But there is no loyalty in this movie.All
1,The movie itself is actually a really good movie. If you want to be a director, make sure to refer to this kind of movie. With the spectacular special effects, you don't have to pay for an immersive movie. My heart's score is 10 points, but I give you 1 point for reasons you can't.
1,an idiot
1,Do you think Idiots have any loyalty? I'll give you one point.
1,Actually, this is a movie that doesn't have the loyalty of three idiots
1,이 영화는 김보성이 가지고 있는 의리가 부족하다.
1,I don't need words
1,A fool's loyalty doesn't match his brother.
1,It was a movie where there was no loyalty between men.
1,Idiots don't know what to do with themselves
1,The best trash movie of my life. There's no answer. This is third place
3,a third-rate half-dozen-balled piece of art for idiots and giggles That's why I think it's three idiots. I will give you 3 points because I can see that the idiots tried to make a movie together.
1,Maybe it's because they're idiots. They're not funny
1,It's a stupid movie that only idiots watch
1,It's not fun, but why is the score so high? Did someone manipulate it? My score is 1 point
1,lack of loyalty
1,The movie is not loyal
1,Come on! Come on!
1,I really like this movie, but it's more important
1,He's young
1,The boss of three idiots can't keep up with you
1,a trite
1,Three idiots have no loyalty
1,Loyalty
4,a long running time Singing and musical like an Indian movie."The whiter the face, the more aristocratic it is." Distorted images of extreme poverty and the extreme upper echelon' (all the characters in this movie are actually high-class) is a killing time comedy movie that you can watch in the dome with extra time.No more, no less
1,I don't like it
1,I didn't like the title, so I got 1 point
1,yes
1,a movie that lacks loyalty
1,That's ridiculous
1,This movie has its own charm, but Bosung is the real boss
1,You need to have an edge
1,Like there's no boss among the main characters
5,It wasn't that fun. I don't know why the rating is so high. Touching? Fun?  There aren't that many things like that I don't even remember. I don't know what the story is.Just a normal movie...
1,An uninteresting, unimpressed, muddled Indian film.
1,Indian movies are always OO, but why is the rating high?
1,It's not my style
6,It's not that funny
1,I tried it twice because everyone said it was fun, but I don't know when to laugh.
1,Rating adjustment
1,Looking at it again, it's childish...
1,Um... ㅠㅠ Not my cup of tea
1,Is this a movie? If it's a movie like this, I can make it The actors' acting is like a third-rate trash movie. It's a sentimental movie^^
1,If it wasn't funny and forced, look at it and say it
1,I don't like it. I'm not touched. I shouldn't have seen it
1,I heard it was so fun that I tried to watch it until the end twice, but I failed LOL What the hell is so funny?
1,no
1,I can't believe this kind of movie got 2nd place on NAVER. It's a pity and a pity.
5,It was good, but overall it was so cheesy that I wanted to give you a discount sorry
1,The humor didn't match, and I didn't feel any lessons or emotion
1,Since I saw it, I'll give you a rating. This isn't the 2nd place. When you look at teenagers? I think he's just trying to escape reality.
1,I don't know why I got a nine-point rating. I can't relate to this score at all. Good intentions, but very obvious storytelling is boring.
1,Childishness. It's like watching a Korean high teen drama in the 80s. It's worth 6 points, but it's an overrated score, so I give it 1 point
1,What are the experts...You have to tell me how you felt about this. Tell me why you gave me 7 points
4,I can't believe this movie is second in the review... It's too obvious
1,;;haha;
1,You know it's boring, right?
1,The content is really good, but the movie felt a little long and there were many boring parts in between It's a great movie, but I feel that 9.2 points is appropriate
1,What? Indian movie No.7's present, fighting!
1,The content is good, but I think it's much better to sympathize with the person below. ^^
1,Honestly, it's kind of boring
1,It's too bubbly
1,Well, I don't understand it's rated higher than Shawshank
1,overrated
1,I didn't like it, but I passed the grade
1,Really, swag
1,Back
1,It's just not fun. I don't know why you call this the best movie of your life. It's boring from the beginning, but it feels like you're trying to force me to teach you something
1,It's not funny
1,I saw it because it was recommended, but it wasn't my type
3,I think the rating is too high. Daum's GPA is reliable.
1,Not realistic story at all I'm really sorry for I tried hard like a dog, but Chatur who was pushed out by a genius tried OO, less effort, but dream chasing wins? Dream is good, but the attitude of ignoring effort is very OOO movie
1,I agree with Rancho's pursuit of utopia, but what he does in the movie is even mean: going to a wedding because he's broke and hungry, mixing up the exam papers, screwing up a friend who's different from what he thinks.There were so many that I felt uncomfortable the whole time.
4,Fantasy for the poor.
1,It's not fun to dub on Mbc
1,a boring and boring subject
6,Dubbed...
1,I got electrocuted, but it's a fantasy movie
1,Bollywood who wants to be Hollywood...
6,It's fun, but the rating is too high
1,Exactly 8 points
1,7.2 is a mortgage. Funny comedy, what a touch???  And boredom and childishness. Of course, the actors' passionate acting is acknowledged. So, 7.1 points. In terms of humor and emotion, the Korean movie Chow is funnier and more touching. NAVER and Daum's ratings are all fraudulent.
5,I'm sure it's a movie that teaches a good lesson...In the EBS education program...It's an obvious story from the start.It's a good movie, but it's not touching
1,The rating is too high
1,The eight point range is appropriate
1,ㅠㅠㅠ
1,That was corny.
3,I learned three things from this. 1. White skin eats in India, too. The average Indian has much darker skin. He's much poorer. There's no reality show. 2. Punishment, Cinderella complex, genius... Too corny. 3. Bubble movie
1,a high-rated reason
1,The basis of the lesson of this movie is questionable. He talks about ridiculous situations and narrates that Rancho was right at the end
1,--,.-- There's an error that this movie has more than 9 points
2,I think I've seen it two or three times
1,I'm sorry. I just did.
1,Don't give me 10 points ,,
1,It's so distracting...And the rating is too high...
1,It's a movie that can't be said to be unconditionally good
1,Overrated rating
1,The rating is too high
1,Rasmussen Dexala for over a year.
1,Why is this first place?
1,I don't know why this movie is ranked first. A really boring movie...
5,I think 8.5 would be enough, so I adjust it
1,a childish story that is not realistic at all
6,The obvious but moving Bollywood volley is better than Hollywood
1,I don't think it's in the 9th grade or... lol It's important to keep up with childish and obvious things  I hope the truth is like that, but it feels like catching clouds that are not realistic.   Not that I don't know, but I know I shouldn't
3,a very, very nice movie
1,Honestly, it doesn't make sense that this movie is 9.42It's just an eight-point movie.
1,너무 길고, 너무 진부하다.
1,Honestly, "Touched" story. What do you mean? It's 9 points. It's a movie. "."
1,a textbook impression
5,The movie is fun, but the download period is only 7 days, and the contents of the movie are cut off
1,It's just a common trash lefty instigation emotional movie 이따 이따 New meals that this kind of trash movie is good are from Jeolla-do or parents from brothel
1,What a waste of time... ㅜㅜ
1,Let's not look... They've been watching it for an hour and a half without any expression. I have no idea what a faraway movie is like
1,It's not a movie with such a high rating...
1,Your fishing is amazingYou solved too many part-timers
1,It's the same as the person right below
1,It's the best piece of my life
1,The rating is too high
1,ㅗㅗ
3,I got a high rating, but I was tricked. There's a lesson, but it doesn't fit reality, and it's not plausible at all. It's perfect for growing students
1,It's a hand, foot, and back that's hard to see until the end.What's wrong with the rating? It's driving me crazy LOL
1,Why is this 9 points? It's like elementary school students' level. Smells like a part-timer!1
1,Well, I don't know if this movie is a genre that doesn't suit me, but I couldn't have fun at all.
3,over-emotional
1,Worst. It's a waste of time, not funny at all, and so obvious. Indian movie is haha.. It's a subjective evaluation, but if I could give 0 point, I would have given 0 point. I think it's my first time dozing off while watching a movie.
1,Childish... It's like watching a movie from the 80s. I was looking forward to it.
1,It's a good movie, but I think the rating is too high
1,I think 9.43 is too much for this movie.
1,Please. I don't think it's 9.43... I think this score of 8.5 is appropriate to adjust the rating
1,I felt uncomfortable watching the movie because it seemed to force me to pursue my dream
1,If you don't like Matzala movies, I recommend you not to watch this movie
1,As you can see from the movie, three hours of pain was a continuation of pain for this Korean who was out of sync with Indian high gags. I'll give you at least 1 point to remind you of curry
1,It was fun... But...
1,I really don't know why this movie is famous
2,Can I say that a life that doesn't chase a dream is a life that fails unconditionally and is wrong? Why force an answer when there is no answer in life?
6,The main character is self-centered.
1,It's just a rubbish movie... ...and it smells like a backward soldier.It was crude. The quiz show movie, too.I don't think I'll ever see a Bollywood movie again. I've watched a movie for almost 3 hours and came out in the middle, but...
1,I can't believe a movie like this is in the 9-point range.I don't understand
1,A director who is too greedy. If it was made into a series, it would have been a sitcom that transcends the Big Bang theory. I think 8 points is enough.
2,I recommend it to elementary and middle school students^^ There are many messages, but there are few bowlsHah!
1,It's like NAVER level
4,The message was good, and I understand what you want to say. But was it only me who felt uncomfortable watching Rancho, the main character who indiscriminately uses cruel violence without acknowledging the other person who is striving for his future with different values?
1,It's not funny
3,I don't know. Did you expect a lot from the ratings? It has a good meaning, but the way it's solved and the story is too obvious. It was childish. Personally, I don't like it.
4,Nothing special
3,Bubble
1,Why is this crap rated as a bubble?-- There are so many other masterpieces
1,What's this?
1,It's not that fun. 9.4 is too much
1,It's not good. Not fun
1,Who am I that was so obvious and childish all the time watching this movie that I only laughed? Am I weird?
1,"Kwala
6,Phew. Indian movies are good, but aren't they too goosebumps? Is it just me? The way the message is given is too direct, and the feeling of enlightenment is too strong. Actually, my Indian friend is kind of like that. Hah!
1,Lower the rating
1,I'm sorry to those who say this movie is fun, but I don't know if I'm eccentric, but it felt too childish to me. I really like movies, but I am very confused because of this movie. Why are you saying this is funny?It's really not...
4,I really don't understand why this is first place, it's so boring and boring that I don't know how many times I've been watching and doing something else...
1,Giroud
5,Throughout the movie, Rancho, the main character, pours out words of the same kind, such as "Happiness is not in the order of grades." But he's a genius, so he can say that, and the ending is, in the end, to make money and fame
1,I don't understand why this -_-;
1,The rating is too high.
1,That's too high a rating.
1,one of the worst movies
1,Hmm, it seems like a touching movie.The rating is too high...I think I can give you 8 points.So I need to get a grade, so I give you 1 point...
3,Injective Training Countermeasures Manual with cramming education
1,That's childish...
1,It's not funny
1,It would have been nice if I had taken out the unique curry smell
1,I think it has a high rating
6,It's fun
6,9.43 is not the case
1,9.43 denies it
1,The best movie ever
3,I don't know if there's any fun or lesson, but the movie Miseensen is...
4,Even if there was a lesson, it was boring and really cheesy... I don't understand this high
4,Personally, if it wasn't fun, there was a lesson, but if there were some cringe scenes in the song and the level of immersion was low, it wasn't a masterpiece
4,I like the story, but personally, it's boring and boring
6,I can't understand a good rating. One of the common and ordinary movies for me.
1,a movie that doesn't make any real sense
1,Not really
1,Honestly, it's a good movie, but I don't know if it's rated this high, but it's about 7.5...
1,I can't watch it because of the music video --ㅡㅡ
1,There's a jam?--;; I gave up because I was sleepy than 40 minutes. Elementary, middle, and high school. It's worth watching
1,I can't believe it's rated higher than Titanic. Let's go down to 9.3.
1,It's not that...
1,A movie that's not as interesting as a real bubbly person
1,a boisterous loony movie with Indian b 들s that is far less fun than being beaten to death by a boar
1,I don't like it
1,I don't really...
1,I don't understand why the ratings are so high
4,The original novel is much more fun. The movie is not that good
1,Not really
1,10 points was too much... A third-rate comedy made for fun. I was crying and suddenly dancing... It's a bit chaotic, but it feels like I'm watching a musical. While watching it with my family, I laughed a lot and watched it, saying it was an amateur comedy.
6,It's instructive, but... It's a bit messy. It's so instructive that I'm soso
1,The running time is long, so it's boring, and the song and choreography that ends in the middle, and I'm moved to force it out... Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it, but I'm very disappointed.
1,The planning intention is good, but the content is childish. It would be a good movie for teenagers to watch.
6,It is a movie that makes me have a good philosophy and a lot to think about, but the unique sudden singing dance of Indian movies was very annoying to me. I don't think it's possible that it has such a high rating. 52% of them are teenagers and average 9.71...
1,It's a crazy fun movie the whole time I watch it. It's not funny, but it's more touching.
1,It's not fun. It's a movie for Gongdols
1,Let's lower the rating.There is no denying that it is boring.
1,Boring. That's all I need.
1,Even if you make it with your feet, it's more...LOL
1,It's just funny. Not so ;; smack ;;
1,Why is it made?
1,So-so.
1,It's a movie that I stopped watching because I was bored. To be honest, I was childish
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,Boring.
1,Let's not believe in the ratings!  Stop watching in the middle because it's childish
5,It's warm, but...I'm not touched. It's too obviousThe laughing code is very differentYour rating is exaggerated
1,내 취향은 아니다.
6,Why don't I like it? I didn't see anything else
1,childishness
1,Why is it No. 1 on NAVER?
6,It's an Indian movie, and the story is a grotesque hit, a little unfamiliar music style and atmosphere
1,I missed you so much, but it's really not good.Disappointed
1,You're the best!
2,It wasn't that fun.
6,I was just like that... Whoa
1,not much
1,That's the way it is
1,The average score is very high because Indian movies are not very popular
1,Someone gave Titanic one point, so this is one point for equity.
5,unconvincing persuasion of patients with 8th grade syndrome
1,That's too much
1,You'll do it moderately, and you won't let me give you the score I want to give me
6,A song that makes me feel like I'm getting goosebumps.It was fun but unfortunate
1,It's higher than the Titanic. Do you have a concept?
1,It's fun, but not my style
1,It's worth watching, but this is the highest score! Let's cut it
4,The message is so blatant and childish.
1,a widowed husband
1,Honestly, that's too much. This is the best movie?
1,Wow, this high rating is ridiculous. How can this childish, clumsy and far-fetched film get such a high rating?
1,I wasn't able to get into the mood...;;
5,Why is everyone so crazy about this movie?
1,be overrated
1,바보 세 명??? 저놈들은 뭐야?
1,It depends on the person, but... I've tried many times to see the end after hearing the word-of-mouth, but it was so boring that I couldn't see the endcrying
3,I think a lot of people enjoyed watching it... I just couldn't see through. too instructive and eager
2,a perfect movie for the ignorant public (Laughing (Laughing I was going to give you 5 points, but I was tricked by a stupid Gatissen rating, so I gave you 2 points
1,The best movie of my life is Titanic, so I can't give you a rating
1,I don't know what's funny about this.
1,It's obvious, but the score is too high
3,It is burdensome to be overly contrived.
1,Because of the Indian movie's unique out of the blue, the fun is half-hearted.
1,No, why is this? It's the highest rating?
1,It may be 10 points for teenagers, but it is less than 10 points for those in their 20s. It contains too much blind positivity, but too far from reality. The character is flat and it doesn't change even if you shout Aliswell. Rich and genius like Rancho in the movie.
6,It's cringe-worthy. Why is the cringe my thing ㅠㅠ
1,I can see Korean people watching movies. Phew
1,Evidence that elementary students use Naver a lot...
5,Bbald Monster. All the rating guys are Bbald Monster
1,Fun
1,All the teenage middle and high school students got 10 points because they were excited. It's not a bad movie, but it's not a movie that's going to win No. I'm embarrassed. Let's hurry up and put it down
1,Naver's crazy movie, which topped the list, also failed.
1,It's not to the point where we won first place
1,a heavy sell of sensibility3 hours too long
1,Oh, that's not funny
1,Who erased my rating? It's not fun
5,It's a music sitcom that's over an hour long
1,That's a really good movie. It's fun the whole time I watch it
1,Well ..
1,Why is it so high?It's really not funny, the song is weird, it's just like thatI watched it because I didn't want to get lucky
1,I actually enjoyed watching it...The score is too high
4,I personally like Bollywood's musical-like development and song. But it's just a scenario where you really need a diet. It was such a boring and long movie for me knowing that Aliswell was a mirage. It's a forced development to impress...
1,It's a movie that has 90's humor code, touching code, and lesson code. It's strange that people who were originally proud of being minor have been so popular in their favorite movies...
1,Ugh... a childish movie. I'll hold it in for 30 minutes and give up... This is an example of how bad the Naver score is.
4,It's a movie that's hard to watch until the end because it's really cringy. A movie that would have been made 30 years ago. I wonder if everyone gave me 10 points with the thought that I can't be the only one who can die, and the message in the movie is too obvious, and the production is suitable for two and eight years.
1,It's not funny
3,A movie is a movie. It's a story that everyone knows, and it's an overly ideal ending
3,It was boring...
1,I don't know...;
1,It's not that...
5,Is my taste strange...;;
1,It is a movie that is biased toward sudden dance or forced emotion that does not fit Korean sentiment. The reason for the one-point owner is that he does not like the rating that is too high compared to other masterpieces.
1,I saw this movie at school. It's so popular.
1,Some important parts of the movie were cut off. I downloaded it for 2,000 won, but this is too much.
4,Why didn't you make an animation? It's a three-hour live Disney cartoon... It has a pleasant taste. I don't know because I've never seen Indian movies before. Is it always like this?
5,I can't believe this is number one in the movie rating. I respect Naver Netizen level
4,Pleasant Indian slapstick comedy + clichés and coercive lessons. It's too bad to be a masterpiece
1,The school plays it for me to watch it, but I've already watched it for the third time. In short, it's not fun
6,Well made but just one of the common Bollywood styles.
1,A movie that elementary school kids like
1,The content was good and fun, but I think I know the first place in the middle of the song
1,It's a good and instructive movie, but I don't like the first place...
1,I looked forward to the high score, but...garbage
5,There's nothing special about the movie, but it has a good message There is no reason for such a high rating.
4,It's just that kind of movie.There are many movies that are better and better than movies that have high ratings
1,I don't think it's the first place in the overall movie rating
6,I like random musical elements and Indian movies
1,It's not my style.
5,It was fun, but it didn't seem realistic, so I'll give you 5 points.^^
1,The Korean group is making a fuss. It's 7 points at least 7 points. 1 point for making a fuss
1,You have to go down. It's not that bad
1,I made it well, but...It doesn't make sense to be number one overall movie rating.
1,It's worth watching, but the rating is too fraudulent; it's not this kind of movie.A movie that's about 8 points
1,To be honest, all these guys are criminals, eat your beans
1,It's not fun. It's got a high
1,It's corny and childish, but if you look at the ratings...Why in the world?
1,I don't think this is right...
1,That's it.
3,Even the sound of embarrassment is kind of funny
1,Why is this number one? It's a good movie, but there are a lot of better movies than this one
4,It's fun. It's so touching that it's impossible to make a movie for students who are stuck in a stereotype
4,No... This isn't it. A narrow-minded view.
1,I don't like it on the Titanic
3,It's boring. There's no comedy. The ending is good
1,A film worth just six points with laughter and emotion. The clumsiness of Indian films is still hard to overcome.
1,a movie without acting alone
1,9.46 is a bit
1,The movie itself is so great that it feels like three hours is a waste, but it's been cut off so much on Naver that many important scenes have been deleted recklessly. You have to borrow it from a rental store.
1,It's fun, but it's not to the point of first place, so it's kind of lowered... I think 9 will be enough
1,The overall rating is high for women with a 40% female ratio. Do you have a part-time job here, too?
1,What kind of movie is this?--ㅡㅡ
1,Ah... That's childish.
1,It lacks realism and persuasion. I don't know if it's focused on denying your temper and watching
1,Oh, the level of people is really low. Honestly, it was really boring.
1,I can't believe this is No.1 on NAVER movie.I turned it off while watching it...
6,Did I have to make it childish?
1,a forced and childish third-rate
4,To be honest, it is not realistic because it is too far-fetched.
1,Honestly, it's not a movie but a musical It's too long
1,I don't like to see you dance
2,It was just a little childish
5,I don't know why it's so high
1,Personally, I didn't like it
1,Killer group is first place!
1,I understand the message, but generally frivolous. have a rough emotional connection
5,Are my emotions dry? Did I get the point wrong? It's too far from my taste. It's so cheesy
1,I don't know
1,But that doesn't mean I'm first place
1,It's boring
6,Indian film characteristics divided between likes and dislikes
1,not much
1,I don't understand why the rating is high. I watched it three times, but hmm
1,I'm sick of the dancing part
5,I don't think those who give a grade of 1 don't know how to watch a movie, but I don't think it's 9.45 percent
1,It's a disgrace to the Titanic
1,not much
6,Well, I don't know if it's a movie that's worth over nine points. There were obvious impressions and lessons.
5,It's a normal movie, but the 1st place rating is too much...The quality of the work is not good
1,It's not to the point of first place
1, well
1,How is this 9.46 when there are so many other interesting movies?
1,I prefer Titanic even if it's fun
1,No. 1 rating doesn't make sense... It's fun, but...
4,At least it's not a movie to be called a masterpiece.
2,There's some foam on the rating. It's fun, but it's not the highest score
1,The fact that this movie is number one is an insult to Titanic
1,Entering the anti-Alba rating adjustment
1,Make Titanic No. 1 Project Don't Blame Titanic
1,The fact that this movie is number one is an insult to Titanic
4,It is funny and instructive, but it is unrealistic and has too many four legs.
1,As much as I expected...
1,I don't like it
1,I don't know why this is first place
1,It's like a rice cake heaven
1,Since Titanic is greater, 1 point
1,a strongly divided film
1,Honestly, you need to know that you can't score first
1,It's not a first-rate
1,I don't know what it is
1,It's fun, but Koreans don't seem to know what a great movie is. Getting the rating down...
1,I can't accept that you have a higher score than the Titanic.
1,There are so many better movies than this.No. 1 Film Rating Disqualified
1,That doesn't mean it's going to be the first place movie
1,I watched half the movie and gave up... ...because it was so boring.Is it fun after that?
1,a tedious repetition
1,I got bored and fell asleep in the middle of the show. What's
1,It's an interesting movie, but it seems to have a strong sense of emptiness
1,Honestly, I don't think it's the highest score... It's too flat and smells like Bollywood
1,Boredom, peculiar to Indian cinema, covers the whole film, and a forced smile causes a yawn
1,The honest evaluation is about 7 to 8 points, but I give it a low score because it seems like there are many part-timers.
1,a movie with a professional rating
6,A movie that's neither a comedy nor a drama topped Naver's list of Academy Award-winning films -_-
1,The fun is a bit
1,I saw it today and it was kind of boring...
6,When he says to go his own way, the content flows in an infused manner.
1,not much
1,It was a really good movie, but...I don't understand why this is 1st place in the movie rating
5,If you copy this movie, you'll ruin your life. Few people know what their talents are.
1,It wasn't fun
1,I slept through the garbage
1,This is No. 1 in NAVER movie ratings?  Another movie was ranked first in the rating, but the rating was deleted and the vote was rigged.
2,It is a movie that combines common gag and touching elements and is being overrated
3,Ugh.
1,Long, predictable, childish, but boring. I don't understand the high rating.
1,I don't know why this is in the 9-point range...ㅉㅉㅉ
3,The ending was so obvious and the Bollywood color was so dark that the moving parts were different
5,These days, there is no movie that is touching, so I looked forward to it, but I think it's okay
6,It's definitely a well-made movie, but it's number one, beating Forest Gump, Shawshank, and so on?;;
1,Let's adjust the rating. Let's lower it.
2,The best Bollywood-style musical with a rating of 40 is expected to develop without watching the acting of a college student
4,It's so childish. It's bubbling. No. 1 rating is too much. Everyone seems to be out of their minds
1,No jam compared to the horoscope
5,It's fun, but the story is a bit far-fetched from the middle, and the musical interrupts the immersion.
1,I can't be the only one. Is this how it's 9 points?
1,I can't believe this movie is rated higher than Gladiator, Forest Gump, Godfather, Titanic, etc.
1,a trash third-rate movie
1,It's different for each person, but I don't really...
5,It's obvious. The first place is too much
1,It's long, obvious, and childish.a perfect one-point movie
1,If you didn't see it until the end...
1,I was tricked. It's not fun
1,It's not a movie that's going to get 1st place
1,To be honest, the rating is too... Where should I be touched? You'd rather host a dead poet
1,It's my first time watching a movie that I slept on. Let's not believe the score. It's childish
1,How can this be No. 1 on NAVER's
1,People who say this is fun are elementary school students or people with low mental age. It's a childish movie.
1,I strongly recommend a movie where you can feel both fun and emotion
1,a movie that demands too much emotion
1,be overrated
5,I love it, too Is it because I heard it?It's just... It's kind of like that
5,Indian movies are a bit unfamiliar... It's comical but touching
3,It's too long and it's a little annoying
1,I think it's too much to get 1st place
1,Everyone gave me such a high score. 1 point for coming
1,It's just a normal movie. The reason why it's only 1 point is because of the criticism of the part-timers who give 10 points
4,The shortcomings of Indian movies, musical scenes that I often do without writing, are boring.
1,Childishness. Lowering the rating.
1,a childish film trying to teach the audience one-dimensional
3,I was so bored in the beginning and I just screamed like a god
1,The content is predictable, the acting is a bit awkward, and it's not funny...
1,My friend, you're laughing. You're just laughing.
1,Maybe I'm weird, too. It's not fun
4,It's childish, but it's not touching or funny. Am I weird?
5,Is this a part-time job? What is it?
1,It wasn't fun.
3,Did I have high expectations?
1,I had too much expectation too much.
5,Summer vacation special...
1,I'm bored... I'm not touched...
1,I don't like high scores because I don't even watch movies
1,I wasn't that funny. Am I from Mars?
1,I don't like Indians
1,I know it's not a one-point movie.But the rating is fizzling.I'm going to wipe it off
6,Ununderstandable score. Too obvious humor, ending. It's like a joke for elementary school students
1,It's a waste of time. It's not related to the name
1,All is well and boring
5,It's a good movie, but it has a lot of bubbles
1,It's not fun. It's the limit of Bollywood.I don't like anything other than English.a word spoken in the middle
6,A new kind of fun?
1,Wanjon is not fun ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ ㅠㅠㅠ
1,It's childish, but it's a hell of a high rating
2,Well, it seems like the worst comedy ever, but the people who gave me 10 points, because of some moral criticism?
1,Middle school students wouldn't know if they did it. It's too much
1,It's not like Lemmings.
1,Did the people who cried after watching "Dewer" get back together? a childish film
1,It doesn't suit me...The Indian language is quite intrusive;;;;
1,I don't know if I'm weird, but I personally don't
5,It's not really ten
1,I hate the cringe of hands and feet.
3,Good for a comic drama but cliche and too instructive. Al iswell
1,Are you all sane?
1,It's a movie with a six-point rating, but I hate to see it with a high rating. Cliché's Textbook
1,The rating is a bit high
1,Well, I don't know
1,It's not the highest rating. The story is so predictable and I can see clearly the intention to teach you a lesson...
1,I've seen it for a little
1,Ah... Let's go back to our own stars. In our star, it's 1 point...
4,I don't know if you're kidding or not.I didn't like it ㅜㅜ
6,It was fun to be funny.
1,Fooled by ratings... It's my first time turning it off in the middle... Is it because I have high expectations?
1,The last scene where you showed that you're strong because you have a lot of money.
1,It's not touching, but it's just a high score. Honestly, it's overrated
1,It was really boring
1,It's enlightening and good, but the score on the value of the film... Bollywood Limitations
1,Bubbles. I don't remember anything
3,A girl's face looks so weird
1,It's boring... The story is predictable...
1,That's not fun.
1,It's not fun at all LOL
1,I was fooled by the rating and turned it off in the middle. Am I the only one who's not funny? It's so boring
1,It's not my cup of tea.
6,It's a very touching movie.  You watched it with the kids.  It's an era where you only study hard
1,The probability of dead poets' social sublime works is a little low.
1,Curry out!
1,Personally, I watched a boring movie.
1,The rating is too high.
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,Childish, a bit boring, obvious, only slightly funny at the end. I don't understand the first grade.
1,It was fun... But this is first place??
4,Am I weird...? It's a good movie, but it's a little ridiculous that it's number one rating.;
1,Ratings... It's fun, but there are so many great movies. It's ranked first in the ratings. 8.7 calls
2,Childish, instructive, unmade Indian film.
1,It's not fun
1,boredom
5,I don't think there's anything to give 10 points without seeing a lot of masterpieces that don't match this movie
1,I totally fell for the rating
1,I can't believe this movie is still number one.
1,I don't think it's this bad
1,Somehow, but I don't understand that the society of dead poets is rated higher than Goodwill Hunting
1,a heartwarming movie
1,Why is this fun? I'm not a part-timer
1,I don't know
1,It's a well-made movie, but I don't think it's a perfect score
1,It's really grossly boring lol
1,Ah, not this much
1,It's so funnyLOL I have to see this, but I was curious so I gave you a score
1,Is this the only level of Korean people?It's so childish and I can't stand it.Too low level
1,I don't like it.
5,It's rough and crude, but it's fun
1,Why on earth????????????????????????????????????????????
4,It's really not fun -- does it make students laugh?
1,I erased it while looking at it...The storyline and the forced emotion...
1,It's worth watching
1,I didn't even watch half of it and turned it off.It's not funny at all, but it's very boring.
1,Why is this fun?
1,It's not number one
