더 록
2,He's not a villain, is he?My chest hurts the whole time Buried heroes? Why are they villains?
6,Better than Silmido but less than fame.
6,It's probably the best of Michael Bay's films. Unexpectedly, the advantage is that the action is added to the realistic story without exaggerated scenes.
1,The last scene is a critical error. Even though a VX kernel exploded, all the hostages survived.
6,My relative brother, who was a college student in middle school, recommended me a lot, so I watched it on video. It is worth watching again, but the movie is definitely a movie.
1,It's not fun because it's so obvious.  It's hard to skip the oldies when they say it's fun.
1,a real germination of a pregnant lover
5,It is a well-prepared table and seasoned well, but it is dry.
1,The Marines are so low that I can't get immersed in the movie General Hummel, in particular, didn't report the situation right away, and I wondered if he didn't know how to use the walkie-
4,I looked at the ratings... I looked at it just in case, but... This is why I can't trust the rating.
1,It's too high, so I have to peel it.
6,It's a Freemason movie now
1,The opening is serious, but... I wish I'd made it into a comedy. I can't relate to the president who suddenly appears and tries to put himself in agony. It's a movie where the movement of the emotional line is so awkward.
5,Shawn Connery and Ed Harris' Fire Charismatic Battle
4,It's not that... Just keep popping...
6,It's not as hot as I wanted Even so.
1,I don't understand the behavior of Ad Harris I still don't understand. I only see second-rate movies.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
5,A third-rate nationalist cartoon with tens of billions of dollars in production; a prison like no prison. Agents who are not like special agents at all. Government chiefs who don't seem like high officials at all. Lastly, Bei's trashy directing skills. Bay's worst movie ever. The music is a waste.
6,I don't remember anything
1,Not really
4,Films full of holes. Good set-up and no details. Every action in the movie is coincidental and forced. I can't tell if it's a thriller action or an adventure like Indiana Jones, but if you look at the light and easy action steps, the seriousness of 70,000 lives can't be realized at all
1,Nothing impressive
6,It feels like the old days. Bored
6,I can't believe this movie is in the 9-point range. There are so many people who don't know how to watch movies
1,I don't know what the hell the movie is about. Is it a movie where Shawn Cornery destroys villains alone, or is it a movie that makes fun of people who died during secret operations in the war? It's a rubbish movie that just makes a mockery of seriousness.
6,Looking at it now, it's just an old movie
1,The content is good, but the thrill is not good, and the score is too high than I saw. It's fun to get off. 7-8 points?
6,If it weren't for Ed Harris, it would have been a boring movie.
1,It's fun
6,Well
1,I fell asleep while watching it.
1,It's a very interesting movie, but I reduced it because it has a high rating. It's the best. Make sure you watch it
1,It's just an action movie.
5,It's a masterpiece that you can't find in the world, but you have to look at it with your eyes.
1,It's not fun, it's
1,It's not good to see you after a long time ㅠㅠ
1,an old-fashioned
1,Ridiculous. A low-quality film that distorts and denigrates others for the sake of national values
1,A movie that is fed up with American chauvinism. The unjust Marine is OO? Silmido is much better. Vomiting...
6,It wasn't bad. Of course, it wasn't even good.
1,The national team is much more touching and fun.Let's raise the national team to 1st place again
1,Why did I think it was so boring? It was ridiculously childish
3,It's fun, but isn't this much of a high score?
1,A Hollywood action movie with a high rating but a good level
6,A good action movie...! It's worth watching.
6,Why did I not watch this movie? - M. - What?
1,I was tricked... Why isn't it coming out more...He quit wrestling and became a movie star
6,Let's just rock it. With fast action and music.
4,I don't understand the score. a film worse than Die Hard
1,Why should I get a 9.2 rating when it's a typical Hollywood hero?
1,Something familiar... It's pretty well organized, but... It's clumsy
6,cliche
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
2,Why is the score so high? We're not even Americans. What an American hero making movie.
1,That's great, but why do you go last and show me you're wired?
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,Be sick and tired of.
1,I'm sick of obvious action movies
5,It's pretty corny.
6,If Michael Bay leads, Sean and Nicholas are the vanguard
6,정말 잘했어!
6,A movie that would have been fun if I were an American
6,I saw it because it had a high rating...    It's understandable who gave me a little rating.
1,This movie is nothing
5,Hey! What's wrong with this?The score is high! It's making me crazy.
5,It was fun. But it was a trite American film, nothing less
1,This isn't right
1,I don't like it
1,Heroic. The main character never dies. Cool It's going to be crazy. It's 1 point. Hahahaha
1,I'm from Shawshank.
1,Everything changes!!
1,It seems like he's trying hard to look cool
1,This is a movie that only pays well
6,a typical American-style film of heroism and pity for the villain
3,It was typical. They only "pretend to be serious" about each other.
1,What a pathetic movie...
6,The waiting time to see the tense action is too long.
1,I watched it a long time ago, so I don't remember...So I want to see 1 point again
1,A typical American action movie. I'm the type to curse
1,I really enjoyed watching it. However, about eight points seems to be right.
1,It's not this much. It really needs to be lowered
1,It's not a movie that deserves a rating
1,Who are you?
1,It was worth watching, but first place was a bit...
6,The rating is the subjective score of watching the movie. The Rock is the best movie of your life?
6,If you love movies, please give me points
1,Nicholas Cage, the actor I really hate
5,in a cold heart
1,Top
4,A typical Hollywood movie, somehow I found it boring
3,Should I say it's a killing time?
5,I don't know anything about movies, but...Ratings... This is not it
1,It's a really weird rating.I don't understand.
1,There's no reason to stay in the top 50 list. It's too poor
1,Hooray to the U.S. with a quick CF screen
1,7 points... Well made killing time film 2
1,It was fun, but... 9.21 points is too much. I'll give you a discount.
1,Hey, this is a holiday special
6,It's the best action movie starring Nicholas Cage.
2,A film for the patriotism of the typical American people
1,Why is the score so high when one person votes so many times?
1,This is not a grade
3,Bay's limitations, which can't give more than action, start with rice cake leaves.
6,Honestly, it's so boring!
6,I was annoyed... A sloppy story...
6,I don't think it's this bad.
6,Looking at all the NAVER movie ratings, It's too much compared to IMDB
5,It's a thrilling and thrilling movie, but I don't like Nicole
1,The score is too high
1,Isn't the score too high? For me, it's just a normal action movie
6,These days, I don't...
1,It feels simple
1,I don't like it now, but it used to be the best
1,all-flo
1,It's too typical
1,The worst films dressed up as typical American supremacy and commercialism
6,Why do you feel more compassion towards the general?
6,Just so-so.
1,You're tired of it, aren't you?
1,I'm sorry
6,In fact, this kind of movie is annoying and obvious
1,below expectations
1,The movie that I was most bored with, C bar
4,Typical Hollywood Action
6,Bay's few best works, the tension of action is great
1,It's simple...
5,Unreal. I'm so focused on crushing and killing that I'm not touched.
4,The movie was so focused on the main character and action that it missed a lot of important things
3, as it is
1,A movie that has no lingering feelings but only eye candy
6,It is definitely a movie that has many shortcomings.A typical overrated movie.
4,Why did I sleep watching this movie?Oh my god
4,The idea was good, but the leap of time and space was the limit of supervision
