신데렐라 맨
6,the name of a father greater than a boxer
6,The material and development are typical but also stable. The directing is not great, but Ron Howard is a great director just by stably selecting this quality.
4,It was based on a true story, but it is regrettable that it could not be drawn plainly to impress.
6,The power of the true story allows you to see it through, but there's nothing more than a reenactment, this material is...It's too bad.
6,It's a touching human victory, but it's too obvious.
1,뻔한 이야기...
6,It was fine until the middle. But in the second half, it usually turned out to be an obvious fighting film
1,If you like action movies, don't watch it  I'm just a sentimental animal typical
2,Not fun, not millions of dollars, not babies
1,a sophisticated American new drama But to be honest, it's not in the nine-point range.So 1 point.
5,a life-long film full of elements to go wild A super hero that's hard to relate to.
6,I don't want to pay for it.
1,The main character who lives honestly even in difficulties and adversity because he has a high rating of 1 point and is bored
6,Boxing Facts Too Low for a 2005 Work There were so many useless scenes
1,Rocky is the best!
1,Rocky is the best
2,It's not fun
1,It's so boring. It's an obvious story
2,If you're serious, it's a problem to give you a grade.It's not funny
6,Are you emotionally dry?I didn't like it.Maybe it's because Renee Zellweger's acting is annoying
6,Emotions become rather insensitive at the peak when they should explode. It's a landslide victory for the Italian stallion.
1,It's worth watching, but...Let's take out the foam
2,It's boring in the beginning...
1,What's so amazing? There are so many 10 points. It's obvious
1,Two years after winning the last game, the mantle that lost to Louis is so cool.
1,I don't think the movie is trying to impress me.forced and artificial
1,What's so high, John? It's not funny.It's a boring, ordinary story.
5,Rainforest of angry bulls rising with admiration for Braddock's hard work and passion
1,a great disappointment;
1,not much
3,not much
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
5,It's just an obvious human success story.
5,The main character's family is kind and pathetic, and for the sake of being moved, it's okay to play the villain of a normal
6,The last one is a bit...
6,You're showing Ron Howard's weakness
6,Well... But...
6,Honestly, Rocky is much better. So boring.
1,There's nothing to watch except the boxing scene a series of childish brilliance
6,Dad.
4,It's a good movie and it's touching, but for me... Maybe it's because it's not this recent
1,It's a good movie, but an eight-point movie. Actually, it's a waste to watch it in the movie theater.
1,I'm from the rating adjustment committee.
1,Childish jjamppong...
1,Honestly, it's boring and there are a lot of traces of trying to make it emotional. It's not good
1,It wasn't that touching. I was a bit touched by the end of the movie
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's a war.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,It was really cliche...
5,Boredom and happy ending.
4,Please understand why the ratings are high. He's good at acting. The story is too cliche
1,It was so, so corny. I don't understand why this rating is so high.
1,The development of a plot that lost its sense of rhythm.A lack of rhythm is a must. Failed to control strength and weakness.
3,I was looking forward to it, but the obvious story wasn't that fun
1,It wasn't good
6,Boring, obvious story
1,The American Justice Society, which is ridiculous.ㅉㅉ
4,Honestly, I didn't like it
6,Rocky's successor?
1, futility,  vain, futile
5,Boxing scene is the most sloppy movie. For women and children who don't know boxing.
6,After all, when a hero is hungry, bread comes first ~
6,It doesn't mean six points.But I think the rating is too high.
1,It's a ridiculous rating
1,a ridiculous rating
1,Someone who hates movies like this
2,Not at all
5,It's too American
5,a crazy movie
1,Tears come out, but I don't get goosebumps
1,The best movie of my life
4,I like this kind of movie. Well, it was so typical
3,Oh, what do you mean, I was bored?ㅠ.ㅠ
1,a boring movie
1,This is not it. It's so boring.Too Common Material Coercion
1,Boxed by GlayEditor
6,It was fun in its own way.
1,As expected, it's a first-class movie. Grade 1 ^^
5,I'm disappointed... I'm sick of it
1,1 point compared to "Beautiful Mind"
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
6,It's not bad.It's not a 9-point one!
1,9.26? Why? Why? Why?
6,It's boring and cliche
1,The fun of the movie is Young
4,It's like Ron Howard. Obvious setting... Obvious content...Glamorous actors...
6,A movie that almost disappointed Russell
1,The movie I hate the most
3,The cliché of Hollywood movies.faithfulness to the fabricated emotion
1,I feel obligated to lower my GPA
2,Beautiful Mind is better.
1,It's well made, but the story is corny
6,Should I say that the weight is low? ;;
1,We met again
1,That's a lot of bubbles. This is a 7-point movie
1,It was fun, but the score is too high, so I cut it a little.
1,What is this?
4,I wasn't touched at all -_-;;; I was looking forward to this too much;;;
1,It's below my expectations... I almost died of sleep...
1,Cinderella fans came to give 2 points to Titanic and came to repay them
1,The worst combination of Hollywood movies. It's not even a blockbuster
6,The message is too normal
3,I'm touched, but...It's not... It's not a documentary.
6,It's not a movie with 9 stars
1,Why is this movie rated so high?
1,Russell Crowe is so unlikeable.
2,I was fooled by the rating, but I don't want to give you a point. Two points
1,I was fooled by the rating ㅠㅠ
6,It's a happy ending.It's so touching.^^;
1,Why is the rating so high? The movie that I was fooled by the ratings...
1,It was released on my birthday. But only regret remains.
5,Million Dollar Baby is much better. I was a little disappointed.
1,Like that.
1,Is there no 10 points? I fell for your rating, Jack
6,I don't want to do this.
5,It's just a Hollywood movie. Why is it so high?
3,Ron Howard's anachronistic macho film.
1,-- I hate this kind of movie
1,I fell asleep while watching it
5,An obvious story.
6,Boredom
2,To be honest, it was boring
6,A moving movie, but slow development.A boring movie.fsol->Fuck
6,It wasn't fun, but it was touching
1,The rating is much higher than I thought
5,Renezel Wieger...Annoying because of my voice.
1,not much
6,Was the anticipation too high before watching the movie?I'm a little disappointed;
1,The movie that ruined Russell Crowe had no feeling.
1,not much
1,To put it in a word, "zzZ
6,American... Chinese... English
5,I don't think it's good.
1,It's not that... Why is this rated so high? Chanari Rocky is much better
6,"Fist Crying" is much more touching...
1,That was too obvious.That was too obvious.That was too obvious.That was too obvious.
1,I don't like American movies
5,It's definitely a good movie, but I think it's highly praised
1,Not at all
1,a separate room
1,Russell Crowe's poor performance and boredom not like Hollywood
2,an obvious, far too cliche
6,The official collection of great happy ending.
6,plain and boring
1,I was looking forward to it, but it's the worst grad
5,I don't know
5,It's like reading an ethics textbook. American heroism...
6,Obvious story, obvious touching, I have seen this so many times
6,The process was so boring
3,It's boring. It's really a little touching and not worth watching
1,Well made movie but not in the 9-point range...
4,Is it good if it's just touching?
4,It was touching, though. I think the content is a bit lacking;;
6,It's like a textbook
1,Oh, my. My glasses, no nose, no nose... ㅠ.ㅠ
3,I have nothing to say... -.-ㅡ.ㅡ
1,This place is completely dominated by movie promoters
1,Movie promoters, thank you for giving us 10 points each.
6,The rating is too high for the work. I don't think it's a masterpiece.
3,Obvious story. Obvious touching...Fist is better
6,It's a good movie ^^
5,I'm disappointed if I had high expectations after looking at the ratings.
5,an American heroic filmPoverty, hardship, adversity, every movie is touching
1,Boxing movies are always hungry.It's touching, but the setting is not good.
3,Boring and awkward expression of poverty. Boxing scene for an hour
1,Part-timers... You're working hard!
6,I'm used to it and I'm tired of American heroes.
4,Applause full of pretentiousness.Making a disgusting hero.
1,Why is my rating gone?
6,a flat touching film without a climax
5,More than I thought
1,There were more great dads than Jim during the barley hump in our country
5,All I remember is Renee and Russell's kisses and obvious endings...
6,I didn't see it before, and I wasn't disappointed or satisfied after I saw it
2,Jim Braddock's passion for boxing is nowhere to be found.
1,It's too high... For someone else.
1,The rating is too high. Not this much.
5,Best review =_= Boxing? Touching? 1 hour and 50 minutes of boredom was...
3,As expected, experts' comments are not wrong."I watched a real movie."
5,a gross ratingIt's rather suspicious.How many people?
1,Boxing scenes are good. Movies like this are just boring
1,As expected, the power of part-timers is great!
6,It's more fun to be thankful for.Hyungseok, I want you!
5,I don't feel anything special, but to enjoy the typical emotion...
4,A boring topic... Pretending to be touched...Bored!
5,That's not funny
3,Boxing a boring movie!
1,Anyway, Koreans like everything if it's American.Sell your country
5,Hey, is it fun for a girl to see?
1,It's not 9.45, so if you don't like boxing, don't watch it
1,It's not 9.46, but about 8 points? My fist is crying
5,It's such a boring story.It's really boring.
6,The story wasn't that important. There wasLack of a sense of urgency
1,Is it going to be good? Sports movie... Hmm...
6,A typical Hollywood movie. The only thing to see is boxing action.
1,The part-timers are playing the game. That's just what I's all.I can't believe it
5,A flat work surrounding humanism.
1,I don't understand the movie
1,The screening time went by so quicklyIt's fun!
1, be moved
1,I've been yawning...
