아름다운 비행
1,men's and women's farmers and herdsmen's ability
1,vaultization of Tienyi Koukli
6,In some scenes, there are cuts that are particularly beautiful. Other than that, it's a good educational movie for kids
1,a plain, bland, and bland drama The Korean movie, like sugar cubes, was a movie that didn't fit me well
1,This is not enough to get a rating
6,A nice and satisfying family drama.
2,Really boring ^^?
1,I'm sorry, but I'm gonna lower the rating ^^;;
4,Compared to the ratings and reputation, the movie was so disappointing.A story that's not very touching and has an end to it...
2,I think the rating is too high.Rating adjustment
3,I want to live happily with the birds. Leave it. It looks good, doesn't it?
1,Obvious story, obvious touching, nothing to watch but acting as a young heroine.
6,I was happy to see it. It would have been better if I saw it when I was young.
1,Why aren't you talking about your mom?
6,Anna Parkin looks like a goose
1,The justice that the father helps the goose fly for the daughter's dream winsKingdom of Animals
6,The wonder of Mother Nature, is there still an opportunity for humans?
4,I'm disappointed. I don't understand.
1,I can't believe it
1,To be honest, there were a lot of fun masterpieces that were more fun
1,The foam is a bit
1,You can't do this.
1,Rating reality
1,This isn't it
1,I enjoyed watching it before, but I think the score is too high now. (Not a part-time job)
1,It's not that touching.
1,I don't really...
6,It's a good case of many children's animal movies.
1,No work allowed
1,I don't want to...
1,I saw this at the movie theater.It's not a rating!Don't try to mess with me, you guys!
1,The number one objective movie is Titanic -_-; Naver rating is unbelievable
1,Let's take out the foam
1,Oh, look at all the idiots playing.
1,I saw it as a group at school before, but the rating bubble is too much...
1,I've never seen such a boring and boring movie
4,The story is obvious and the touching is bland.I was bored.
6,I don't think it's enough to the point of rave reviews
1,Thank you
1,I like it a lot.
