킹콩을 들다
6,Holding weightlifting with the gods
4,The independent relationship between being good and competent.
6,lift with laughter and emotion
6,I wish I'd known more about weightlifting, but it's still funIt's a new record, but it's okay if you take out the awkward position or things like that
3,Well, it's based on a true story.
1,Well, I don't know what I saw.
1,a good look at how women are consumed
6,The sports Shinpa, which is rough as it seems, but holds it up with sincerity.
6,It's a little disappointing because I think I only fought with tears, and I hope it connects men and women.   Also, I think I copied other movies.crying
1,It's disgusting. I can't believe you're spreading the names of girls overweight all over the school, and you're being bullied and called out for it, and you're making it a joke. It was disgusting to sexually expose girls in tights like being picked out because they were in good shape. It's a waste of 2 points
3,My hands and feet were cringe-worthy, so I gave him 3 points because it was for real
1,Although the overall flow was plausible, it was hard to see the new coach mercilessly hitting young girls. I don't think it was a movie that a physical education teacher would show at a girls' high school. Suddenly, the focus isn't the moving thing in the movie, but it's hitting too much turned into
6,It follows the obvious development of sports movies, but it feels different from other movies.
6,I'm sorry for the second half.
6,I'm crying because you're making me squeeze it
6,a heartwarming, touching, but cliche sports drama
6,Movie-wise, it's just the most obvious story cliche, but all the weightlifters, fighting!!!
1,Why is my horoscope so high?
6,It's definitely a nice, touching and good movie, but the problem is that all the characters, the flow, and the situation are too corny. If you want me to watch it again, no.
5,There are many movies and cartoons of similar routes, and they are not exceptional and will be easily forgotten
1,a movie about the climax of forced garbage
1,It's better than a movie, but I can't give you a good rating!
5,The formula of adversity, tears, and sports movies is repeated to the point of boredom.
1,have too high a rating
6,I don't watch this kind of movie because it's too obvious, it's not fun, it's not touching, but I didn't expect it, but it was better than I thought. The content was heartwarming and not bad
3,It feels like I'm squeezing to make you sad
1,zero originality
3,I'm sorry, but it doesn't suit me. I can't give you a high rating.
3,It was neither touching nor funny
5,It's just like a Korean movie.
6,It's boring. It's a true story, and it's too cliche to understand, which detracts interest. It is too attractive to simply appeal to the emotional line of the national team.
1,Whoo! Whoo! Whoo!
1,Couldn't you make the movie more sophisticated? Bumsoo is so close
1,I don't understand that it's 9 points. I saw it a few years ago, but I still can't forget the contrived impression
4,I don't understand that it's 9 points.
6,It's a true story, but the artificial good and evil structure and the touching...
1,The spirit of using the plot of the movie "Cool Running" as it is...Plagiarism, please
6,I can see you trying to make the audience cry
6,It's sad to end, but the process of leading the story is good. The reality of unpopular sports
6,I just listened to what my dad was watching in the next room, and I thought he was watching porn. All I can hear is a woman screaming.
1, A.
5,It's just a weightlifting material, it's obvious. It's not a true story.
6,I admit I was about to cry. I admit it was a movie worth watching
3,It's a little touching, but the story is not fun
6,It's a heart-warming Korean sports movie!
1,Even if the restriction of the movie was big, it was too much...
1,What's so funny about this? This movie is the worst forced emotion. I was annoyed because you forced me to cry
1,You're forcing itHow long are you going to be touched by this script?I'm disappointed
5,It's a bit far-fetched.It's not natural. I try to force myself to be moved
3,Not up to a rating of nine. a movie about 7.5-8
2,Why is this all of a sudden sexual violence? Is it criticism or fiction?
6,I'm in tears. Don't hit them.
4,The killing time story is too concise and too fast. Zero electric tension
1,It was childish and childish and far-fetched
3,How can you give 10 points to this kind of movie after not watching it? That's so funny
5,It's so predictable that I've been deluding myself into seeing the future throughout the whole time
1,"Barefoot Dream" and the two great mountains.
1,It doesn't mean that you're moved just because you're squeezing it, but it doesn't seem like a real story or anything.
1,I don't like it.
4,It's corny, corny, corny. It feels like I'm forcing you to cry.
1,Too bad there's no zero. I am sick and tired of being a new man.
6,A typical moving movie, it was uncomfortable because it was trying to squeeze tears
1,It's my first time logging in... The ratings are too high.
3,The title is just a title
2,You're trying to make her cry. You're trying to force her to cry
1,This movie has 9 points... Directed, acted, scripted. 6-7 points. The movie was too cliche!
1,To be honest, it's not 9 points. It's too high
1,It's worth watching, but the rating is too high.
1,It's not 9 points...-_- I'll give you about 7-8 points because of the movie part-time job
6,Honestly, I don't understand the rating. People who give high ratings don't seem to watch a lot of movies.
6,It's obvious. It's forced.
2,I'm glad I didn't see you at the theater
1,It's touching, but the story or story development is like Dewar, but not like Dewar, third class
1,This is a movie that should never be in the top 50
1,Oh my god
1,It's just a forced tear-jerking movie... ...disappointing. Jjamppong from various movies...
6,Bumsoo is funny, and I'll give you some points based on the true story -_-
1,If this is the highest score among Korean movies, it's a shame
5,The rating is too high Your part-time job is too much.
1,In the season when good movies are abundant, Naver's Hangul 40 letters are restricted. I hate it. It's like a haiku.
4,Personally, I prefer movies with interesting material to fresh material.
6,I feel a little empty even after seeing it
1,The new coach makes me swear
1,Honestly, is this fun?
6,I recommend it just to feel touched
1,For bubble adjustment
5,I know it's meant to be tacky, but it's too much
1,That's not good, is it?
1,That's too much
1,Kei, trash!
5,It's a good movie, but I think it's moving because it's too normal now.
1,I don't want Joan to come out--
1,It's not fun
1,Bubble film after national team member
5,King Kong. The rating is 9.25... That's ridiculous.Million Dollar Baby 8.85 is similar
2,Saving Private Ryan is the best
1,I don't really...
1,Committee on the Preservation of Masterpiece
1,Still, the national team is much better
1,It doesn't make sense to score higher than the national team
1,You did a great job in creating a forced impression
3,The whining tears are too much.
1,How many part-timers did I use?
1,not much
1,I'm so touched
1,It's corny... I slept
1,That's an unacceptable rating.Compared to Korea University...7 points is appropriate
1,cliché and popular content
1,It is too high for the national team.Let's cut it
1,I guess it's the national team's masterpiece.
1,It wasn't fun.
6,Six points
1,It's overrated
1,Overrated... The national team is the best
1,Sloppy and obvious direction, a story that shows everything, and a line that's not natural
1,The second half of the story is about how to kill the excitement. a movie with 7 to 7.5 points
5,I personally didn't like it because it seemed to induce forced tears
6,Much better than the national university -- the real Korean part-timers;
1,It's definitely not a nine-point movie. It's not even sad. It's just like a fun drama.
1,I trusted NAVER's rating, but it really wasn't. Lee Ji-bong... Oh, my
1,Oh my god.
4,That's so funny
4,It was fun!*^.^*
4,That's funny
6,There are still many things to learn about sports movies in Hollywood.
6,It's a movie worth watching, but it's not in the 9th grade
6,That's too much
1,To be honest, this rating is ridiculous.
5,The ridiculous development makes even the emotions I felt meaningless...
1,I enjoyed watching it, but 9.4 is a part-timer.
1,It's not fun. It's a movie with 5 points
1,Lee Beomsoo's fake acting is amazing
1,Why is this a 9.28 movie?
6,You know what popular movies are. It's official.k
1,It's touching, but it wasn't as good as the movie I saw
1,A masterpiece scoffs at me
6,Why are you trying to squeeze it out?
1,Why does this appear on the first page of the overall ranking?
4,I don't like such things as shallow, not deep, but the efforts of the actors are great
1,I hate this new drama
1,The coach went so fast at the end.
1,It's a movie that I made with the intention of making the audience cry. I really don't want to cry
1,Well, it's been a while since I logged in, and I've been very uncomfortable with the impression to squeeze it out
2,The rating is too much... My hands and feet are cringing...There was no emotion and the obvious content dried up my emotions.
6,It's kind of a cliche movie... Less than I expected?
3,The obvious ending...The obvious development...It was boring. The expected development and ending were so touching
1,It was really boring and boring... In my country, I can only make this much movie
1,I don't recommend it
6,moving
4,As the country regresses, the people's emotions also regress. a two-eight-year-old film
5,I don't know. The score is too high
1,Let's think about whether this is a great place to beat the world's best
1,Why is Korean movie rated so high?
1,It's fun
6,The Shinto school is strong. I could have held it higher. That's too bad
1,Dog trash... Even if I try to watch Bumsoo, I can't...
6,The character who came out as the opposing coach is still using such a childish character.It's frustrating
1,You guys are so mean.Did you mobilize all the kids in that neighborhood dialect? --^ㅡㅡ^
5,I'm sure it's a good movie. There are too many part-timers
1,It couldn’t be worse.
6,It's worth watching.have a lot of bubbles in one's GPA
3,To be honest, I only have tears in my eyes...-_-;;
1,Just stimulating, just tear-inducing.
1,I was going to give you 4 points, but the rating was so bad that I got 1 point
1,What is wrong with Korean movies these days? The truth of the alleged rating manipulation.
6,A movie that lacks a lot compared to eugenics
1,I'll give you 10 dogs and cows because you're kidding me
5,I feel sorry for the calm and sophisticated direction. It's the same production of "Both Eight Years".
1,It's too high
5,Hmm... I didn't expect anything, but it wasn't fun... Hmm... I'm just surprised at this high rating.
5,If you make a movie with unpopular sports materials, it seems too contrived
1,Mother-in-law is sleeping...
1,irritation , annoyance
5,I slept because it was simple
6,Did I look forward to it too much?I didn't cry because I didn't have to laugh all the time
1,There are so many better Korean movies than this one, but this is 4th place...Does it make sense?
1,In fact, it's a little bit touching; about 7.5; 9.3 is a real dog-over
1,What's next after King Kong National University?
1,I can see that you're trying to impress me.
5,Is this really the only level of NAVER rating? To realize the word contrived, watch it
1,This isn't right
1,I don't like it.
1,Man: That's a cheap drama -- this is second in the overall rating? You're kidding
5,a moving prop Joan's acting is good
6,It's touching even though I can see a bit of forced emotion.
1,You're forcing your emotions, but you have such a high rating.
1,It's a hundred times better than the national team, but... What makes you think of "Woo Saeng Soon"? Your rating is too much. You need to remove the foam
6,The exaggerated setting of the high school director character is annoying.  Lee Bum-soo, who is not good at pioneering, is also good this time.
1,It's not fun. How can you get a high score?
6,I cry more than I sweat
5,I want to see a human theater rather than an excessive adaptation. If it weren't for real, I'd give you a lower score
1,How much do you charge for your part-time job?I'm poor, but I want to try it^^
1,Let's lower the score.It's obvious that I'm trying to refrain from watching movies with Lee Bumsoo
1,with a high rating
4,Lack of probability. Impressed. If it had been refined well, it could have been a good movie.
5,It's not a bad idea to just waste time. I can't recommend it to my acquaintances.
1,This isn't it at all...--; I watched it because I heard it was real.There was a reason...
1,I couldn't feel the emotion. The overrated movie
1,To be honest, 6 points. It's no different from other movies.
1,I don't understand why the ratings are so high.
1,Well...
1,Bubbles are supposed to fall out anyway.K
2,It's not that...
5,I want to put some weight in the ass coach
6,It's not that it's not boring.But it's not that kind of movie.The rating is too high.
6,It leaves nothing but obvious impressions and stories, and the cries of the actresses.
1,It's not fun. The story isn't good either. It's about 7 points. Let's cut it
1,I can't believe this kind of movie is fun.  There's still a lot of trash in the audience.
6,Is this a documentary? Not a movie? Where did the movie fantasy come from?
1,I don't want to say this, but this movie is exactly p2p.
1,Don't give me too much. Six points is enough
5,It's embarrassing if it's too obvious
1,I can't believe this is the 2nd place. I know the level of Korea
6,It was too obvious a new wave movie.
6,Thank you
1,Ah, part-timers, stop it
1,Rating and Administration Committee
5,In Korea, you have to stimulate the tear glands to watch a movie.I'm just surprised at the rating.
3,Isn't that coach bound to beat the kids like that?
1,Honestly, it's not fun
1,a pathetic film
6,Moderate laughter, moderate emotion, but Lee Bum-soo's powerful acting
1,You're trying to make the audience cry This movie is... Don't force yourself to cry. Director...
6,Joan's good acting, which showed the beauty of Koo Jung-mul, and the coach of the villain shone more.
1,NAVER rating. This is why I can't believe it. The height of the childish new drama...
6,The dichotomous composition of characters and excessive tears close to the Shinto sect were burdensome.
1,I'm forced to move
1,You're making me log in. That's not funny
6,Weightlifting movies that never existed before and never will. Even if you didn't make a visible villain.
6,It's over 50 points. It would've been a good movie if it wasn't for the melodrama
3,It's a true story movie, so the rating is high! You've made it boring
5,Is it the influence of the national team?
1,Weightlifting students, who are acting as the representative of the Korean Government, are also trash, so 5 minutes before the Seoul Gobulgo chaos
1,It's a weird movie. I watched a great teacher and cried. It's a Korean magazine
1,To be honest, I don't know what's funny... The obvious story is forced...
6,Honestly, this is all part-timer's score. It was really good at the beginning. Well...
5,I think the rating is too high.Where do I have to shed tears? I'm not that touched...
1,It's not real. It's a silly customized act.Does it make you cry if you out? Not up to par...
1,Are you going to provide information about movies that NAVER can't trust?
1,Unbelievable NAVER rating
6,It's obvious, but it's funny because it's obvious.
2,It's touching, but honestly, 5 stars...
1,I didn't cry, but I was moved. Joanne style turned into a woman in Jeolla-do. Weightlifting is dangerous exercise
6,It's touching and fun together. But it wasn't sad for me. I laughed a lot lol
3,I just have to look at the back for 10 minutes.It's a true story, but I'm fed up with the directions to impress me
1,The rating is annoying;;;;
6,There's a lot of awkward acting here and there. Dialects, too. The rating is really good.
6,Everything is as heavy as Dumbbell's weight.
1,I'm really sad about the direction. It's kind of boring in the second half. The 9 points range is too high.
1,There was Jaemin, but the score was too high to adjust
5,To make you sad...
3,I wonder if people these days want to feel this forced sadness even when Good gives money
2,Oh, really... The story is childish and... The lines are cringe-worthy. I thought I was going crazy
5,a five-point movie
6,I think the audience would say King Kong is better than the bat
1,It's definitely fun, but...GG compared to the national team
5,Usaengsun, whose theme has changed
6,Well, then
6,It's still a crybaby, but it's a good movie
1,A simple forced movie that cries cursing. frustration with ratings How can you -_- in a movie like this?
5,Oh, scared me. The rating is good at the end, but...
5,This is touching?? It's so contrived and far-fetched.
2,NAVER elementary school kids, these cheap movies keep coming out because of you guys.
1,Single-celled audiences who cry and say they are moved by sad music, childish directing and forced acting
1,Childish production, forced acting and single-celled impressions
6,Well, I didn't expect too much
1,Is it refreshing to squeeze it out?Is it victory? Humanism has its water supply.
4,I don't understand why the rating is so high... It's just that kind of movie. Don't be fooled by NAVER
1,be less fun than the national team --ㅡㅡ
1,People who come out in third-rate movies are trying to be too forced to cry and laugh
1,It's a movie with a score of course
6,It's fun and touching, but it's a combination of three
1,It's Jaemin but it's too high
6,Honestly, it's not about 10 points. Objectively speaking, it's not in the 6-7 range.
1,Honestly, the score is too high
2,You're giving me a rating as I want.
1,I'm touched. Is that all you need?
2,Boredom
1,I'm so touched
6,It was worth watching
1,To make the ratings real.T
1,That's a ridiculous rating. That's too much.lol
1,But 9.28 is a bit...
1,The development just disappeared in the middle. It's sloppy
1,It doesn't seem like a rating... LOL It's just worth watching then?Haha
1,Trash, yes
6,The story is...I'm just... I'm moved by this.Haha
1,It's touching, but... The rating is too high.That's too much... =='
6,If you don't look forward to it, it's worth watching.
5,a tear-jerking film disguised as a sport gross insolvency
1,It wasn't that bad
1,No matter how hard it is, is this a masterpiece that can surpass Terminator?
4,It's hard to...
1,The rating is too high.The audience level is questionable.a seven-point movie
1,Sleepiness
5,Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much? not so much;;
1,It's really boring
1,It's not as good as I thought. The national team is much lower.
6,Good acting! But it's just a boring movie.
5,Why was this Bumsoo acting so awkward?--; It's just a movie that'
1,9.29 is too much
1,Of course it's a great work, but let's get rid of the bubbles now.
1,LOLScrew it
1,Guys, I'm not going to listen to "King Kong"
6,a basic drama
1,have too high a rating
1,Are you a part-timer, too?
1,It was fun, but... That's too much.^^
6,Not really-
6,I enjoyed watching this, too. I think the national team is more fun
6,Forced impression, actors' excessive emotional performance, too flat character setting, lack of directing skills
4,Just because it rang doesn't mean we were sincere.
1,Are you kidding me, part-timers?
1,It's time for the bubble to burst ^^
1,You crazy part-timers...
1,Part-timers...
1,It's not about this rating right now. It's too high.
1,It's not good
1,I'm so touched
1,It's a rating machine, so you have to lower it
1,A similar movie that can't be forced
5,You have to judge things like this coldly I almost fell asleep in the second half of the movie.
1,Why is the rating so good... ...I don't like it
1,I don't know why this is fun...Give Harry Potter 5 points, everyone!
1,Eliminate part-time jobs %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
1,Oh, my
1,A movie with more than 9 points is definitely not
1,The rating is really really really high... I think a rating of 7.5 would be perfect.
6,It's a movie that has both emotions and tears, but... Like you're purposely squeezing out tears
1,It's heart-warming, but the rating is too much.
1,This movie has a higher rating than other masterpieces such as 'Life is Beautiful'. A passing dog must laugh
1,so, that
1,The Limits of Korean Sad Movies
1,A movie that makes you cry... I think it's the same for the national team. I won't watch it's
1,If B-rated action movies are for killing time, is it a tear-jerking movie?7 points for men and 8.5 points for women
1,I enjoyed watching it, but the score was higher than I thought, so I wanted to lower it by 1 point
1,It's fun, but it's not the rating, right?
1,Honestly, Shinpa...I think the national team would be like that too...
1,be unreasonable
1,It's definitely fun, but it's not 9.31.
2,The best Korean movie of my life. I give you a star
1,It's an obvious story, but the production was okay, but the rating was too high for an obvious movie. The movie was at the beginning of 8 points
1,The best trash movie of my life
1,dog litter
1,The rating was so good that I thought I was fooled when I saw it at the theater. I guess you have a part-time job
6, well
1,The rating of 8 is... Tears flow, but they don't touch your heart.
1,Why is the score so high? 8 points is just right
6,I looked at the score and it was disappointing.
1,Haeundae is the best
1,I enjoyed watching it... But it doesn't make sense to rank above Leon, beautiful life, Titanic Schindler, and so on
1,A hero who is like a gangster! Why are you beating the doctor?
1,It's not funny
6,A movie that women would go crazy about. Gags, meanings, emotions, and simplicity. And the retro Shinpa
1,I think the ratings are too high...
1,I don't like this mainstream movie
1,Why is the rating so high?It's not this kind of money! Score check procedure
6,I was surprised to see the netizens' rating. It must be a Korean movie
5,I just made it well, but honestly, it's not
6,It wasn't a bad movie, but Lee is over the top.
1,Puppy-like? Ratings,-
1,I like movies if I have a part-time job. I can't help me
4,Honestly, it's not fun... It's just touching!
1,It's fun. 10 out of 10. I'm not a part-timer
1,! It's a bit...
1,What is this? I was bored, but I got a lot of ratings -_- A movie with a score of 6 points.
1,It wasn't fun at all
2,I thought I was going to die of sleep. It's touching, though.
1,Plagiarism movie -- Korea is young, but let's evaluate it objectively. 7 points and 1 point for part-time job
4,Very deliberate stay-at-home film, crying and annoying
1,I'm so touched
6,My hands and feet are cringe-worthy. I feel like I'm begging you to cry.
1,It's so obvious that the part-timers solved it.--;;;
1,Why is the rating so high? Let's work out to lower the rating
4,--;; You have a high rating. I guess it wasn't my type of movie. It was so boring.
1,I tried to impress you by force... The movie itself is a bit less complete
6,The rating is a bit bitter. It's up to the person who gives you something
1,I followed my friend. The feeling of trying to impress me was annoying throughout the whole time.
1,It was just a little fun.The rating is too high
1,Why is Pyeongjeon so high? Your part-time job is kind of bad. It was kind of boring
1,That's too much. The rating... Did you work out? (Sighs)
1,It's so moving
5,It's amazing that the rating is 9.34
1,The stall is obvious and there's no jam.;;
1,Wow, this is so much fun that my horoscope exploded
1,I miss Nausica.
1,It stimulates forced tears.
1,I solved my part-time job No, no, no
1,It's fun
5,Why is this movie rated high? He squeezed it out. At the end, it's not a true story, but the best guy who endured it
2,I'm giving it to you for the trouble of the producer.
5,I wonder why you're over 25 years old
1,an ostentatious film
1,Am I emotionally dry? Why is it not funny and sad at all?; not funny
1,Lower the rating. It's too high
1,Honestly, the rating is too high. It's a story that's obvious to the people who filmed it
5,to be forcedly sad and forcefully touching and forcefully nice
1,Put the production cost into the part-time job
6,The film is well made, but it's not a real touch.9 points. No, honestly.
6,I feel sorry for the indescribably sloppy corner. The material was good, the acting was good.
5,How did this win first place? A movie that shows the plot of this obvious poster
1,How can this be 1st place? LOL
1,Your part-time job is amazing. You made me escape from Shawshank
1,a nerd movie
1,Chow is fun
6,I wasn't really sad; is it just me? It was a bit sad
1,"Shinpa" <<====This is it
6,It's not very funny or touching.
1,Chow is good
1,I don't know because I fell asleep
1,I tell you, this movie is absolutely rubbish.
1,About 8 points.. I enjoyed watching Korean movies, but the process of development is all the same, so it is funny. I was moved later
1,It's a piece of course
1,The part-timers are going crazy. LOL
2,Thanks to the rating, I looked forward to it, but it's not. The poor and far-fetched scenario is intrusive
2,I don't like it
5,You can look forward to it. It's so much fun
1,Too old
1,Honestly, it's not the highest rating movie, is it?
1,This isn't right
4,a poor scenario It wasn't a movie to recommend to others.
1,Honestly, it's a part-time job score. It's the number one movie in the whole movie. Can this be better than Schindler's list?
1,I was tricked by the rating...The development was so poor that I couldn't concentrate
6,Which scene do I have to cry in tears? I don't know?
1,It's not a movie to watch with money. Wait for New Year's Day or Chuseok...
1,I don't like it
1,A movie that's too good to write a one-line review
1,That's not fun.
1,tiresome part-timers
6,In terms of ratings, there are times when our country is poetry...Stop working part-time!
1,So the people who gave me 10 points for this movie say that this is the best movie in Korea?
1,It was touching, but to be honest, it was a cheap, empty impression somewhere.
1,What do you mean, you're first place?
1,For the DVD... The last one is in vain.There's no result.ㅉㅉ
1,Well, 9.3 doesn't make sense. 8 Korean-style forced tear movies are appropriate
1,Your part-time job is awesome.The smell of part-time jobs is strong
1,That's a good part-time job
4,It's not fun. It's not that touching
1,It's kind of like... squeezing-- and why is the rating so high?That's ridiculous--
1,I don't really...
4,You have to watch this
1,I thought King Kong would come out...
5,Nothing more than a sports movie. for Best Theater
1,This is why I can't believe NAVER'sThat's right
5,It's not that... The more you go on, the more annoying the story is. I'm not that touched.
1,Wow, it's really the best, but the rating is too high
1,How can this be 1st place?
1,Pernicious characters that force the audience to be moved. My hands and feet cringe.
1,Feel heavy.
1,Awesome ㅜㅜ But it seems like the rating is really high
6,It's a little fun, but it'It's not like you're having a lot of fun
4,Inhaling story, but unfortunate second half.  Crying is too much, too long an ending.
1,There's no beginning, no end, no result...I'm crying.
1,The content of the new school was sound, but it was okay not to squeeze it. It's a dramatic decrease in the fun.
1,I don't like it. I've never seen a movie like this before
5,It wasn't a movie with a rating of nine, but it was a forced emotion and a predictable story.
1,It's a scam. Never trust NAVER's rating. Does 9.37 make sense?
1,Not until 9.37
6,unilateral emotional coercion a slightly incomprehensible development It would have been nice if I had cleaned up a little more.
1,It seems that he is trying to make money by making movies with his nostalgic daily life
1,Whether you see ratings and movies and sympathize with Plato why he wanted iron politics...
1,This is higher than Schindler's list.Oh, my
6,He was tricked again by Naver's rating.
1,I was really fooled.
1,It's my first time getting fooled by NAVER's rating. I don't know until I see the smell of 10-point writing.
1,Sports events change, but stories and touching points are similar
1,There are a lot of part-timers.This is higher than Schindler's list. Does that make sense?
4,In the beginning, a movie that only remembers the irritation of the mid-to-late part of the movie without being pleasant
6,Obvious story... The movie screen is a bit of a waste to write down the impressions.
6,I can't believe your rating.What do you mean 9 points? The directing is so childish6 to 7 points will be appropriate
6,Your rating is very high. It would've been nice if we met when we were in middle school;;
1,It's too much. How can a movie be higher than a trans movie?
5,This kind of movie is boring.You don't have much material.It's a copy of our lives
1,It's not bad. I don't think it's a grade like this
5,be forced to cry and feel uncomfortable
1,a forced outburst of emotion
1,It's a female movie...It's not bad.He's trying to put in a lot of moving scenes.That's too much. 7.5 points
6,A true story about unpopular sports...It's hard to make it fun
6,The actors' acting is fresh and good. It's so artificial
1,Oh, I believed in the score. I was fooled by the score
1,It's fun, but there's nothing left So a rating of eight is definitely not a nine-point movie
1,Honestly, there are more masterpieces than this. This is kind of...
1,Ah really... NAVER movie ratings...ㅉㅉ
5,I don't know why it's getting such a high rating. Girls acting?
1,It's a high evaluation!
1,About eight points...
1,To raise the ranking of masterpieces
2,Childish Korean movie...That's why...
1,Ah really... I get mad when I watch a movie like this. Awkward acting and empty humor.
6,I enjoyed watching it.But the score is too high.Lower your voice
3,Oh, my God. I've been tricked by horoscopes again.I don't really like it. It's a sixties new drama.I'm touched. It's touching
4,Why is the rating so high? ;;
1,I'd rather...Transformers... watching...
1,Honestly, I don't think it's a movie out of ten
1,Super ultra trash
1,I can only make this much of a good material...I'm on the same level as Woo Saeng Soon...I'm so touched. Please stop
2,If you watch it for 5 minutes, you can see an hour, and if you watch it for 10 minutes, it's so obvious that the end of the movie
1,1 point because I can't believe I'm promoting it with NAVER's score
1,It's not fun
1,It wasn't funny. What's wrong with this?
1,A truly boring trash movie -- moving -- not funny, not touching
1,Netizens are such a loser. It's sad and touching, so if you cry, you get 10 points. You have no idea.
1,It's really boring, but why is the rating so high?
1,There are a lot of part-time jobs
5,I'm neutral
2, well
4,I almost died of sleepiness almost died
1,Is it too much to expect a new side from Lee Bum-soo?
1,First of all, a movie with a cramp in the leg rather than a movie in the theater.It's so boring
1,It's full of 10 points without 9 points. Does this make sense in common sense? That's too much.
1,All your part-time jobs, get lost!
1,What's wrong with the acting? You'll regret it
1,What's wrong with the rating? It's not a 9-point movie
1,I can't believe NAVER's score because of the part-timers. I can't believe I got more than 9 points.
1,But King Kong did not come out
1,When did the Olympics end?
1,I thought it was a movie with King Kong, but King Kong didn't come out until the end
6,Maybe it's because I watched it when I was sleepy... I'm not that
4,Sports movies have the same main content
6,It's fun and touching. It's a bit forced, but it's okay to waste time
3,The actors' acting is good, but the script and directing skills are disappointing. Especially in the music department.
1,If the villain was a little more realistic. If only the characters cried a little less.
1,An explanatory angle with Sinpa-na-Burin
6,It's funny and sad, but I can't relate to it.
1,9 points is too much...........
1,It's a good movie and it's funny and it's a movie that makes you cry, but it's a little too muchLower your rating by 7 points
1,I don't want a part-time job -_-
1,Your rating is amazing LOL
5,Yes, this rating is really not. That's right. The villain is really ridiculous. Never get absorbed
1,Why do you have to pay 9,000 dollars to watch this movie on a big screen?
6,It's funny to say that I gave you one point and it's not conceptual; it's funny and annoying when you try to force it to ring!
1,Five or six points would be fair.It's not like I'm about to cry.It's just fun and worth watching
1,It's too high
1,I want to take my eyes off the screen all the time.But there was someone crying.0.5 due to part-time job
3,a girl version of two masters They want you to poo and laugh, cry and cry. I feel bad for you
1,It's too high. 7 points is enough, but it's too high. I'll give you 1 point
6,It was good, but it was a really annoying movie
6,If you want to cry,
6,It's touching, but...
5,The topic is touching, but I think it's too new. What's 10 points?
6,You're such a Shinpa!
6,I looked at the ratings and it's worth watching, maybe because I was looking forward to it's worth watching.
1,It's not fun, it's not touching, it's boring for two hours, and it's a movie where I try to get rid of tears
6,Touching but no directing. No more movies like "Home"...
1,If you're moved by laughing and crying, you're the best
5,I think my feelings are dry.
5,I think the rating is too high. Am I the only one who feels so contrived?
5,This is not a true story, it's just a novel. Appealing to emotions is like a weekend drama
4,The movie forces the audience to cry and be moved, but why is it painful for the audience?
6,Gold medal sweat...
6,Are they part-timers? The purpose of saving Korean movies is good, but I give you 6 points
1,I can understand the level of audience in Korea. Reflect on yourself.
1,Did I have high expectations for the score? a feeling of being completely taken in  Irritation and disgust struck a different chord.
6,Why is the rating so high? It wasn't a movie that was this memorable...
5,Shrinking lines, and Lee Bum-soo's acting as if he was reading a textbook.This rating is a real scam!
1,Cheer up, part-timers! Write 10 stars! There will be a lot of NAVER IDs
6,It's like you're trying to get in the mood. I'll bet on Transformers 2 sorry
1,She's trying to carry Jang Mi-ran on her back. be questionable about one's intentions
5,To be fair, I scored 7.2 points. It's a fun Dramatic City.
1,There are part-timers again... Transformers must be scary.
6,There must be a part-time job. I have nothing to say even if you give me 6 points
1,You don't promote a good movie like that... And it's so fictional...
5,It feels like I'm going through a rough patchDo you have to stimulate the tear glands in a violent way?
1,No, you know... The way people talk is a real part-time job. So funny
1,It's all part-time jobs. My friend is the first movie to throw away money
1,Don't look at me. I'm going to catch a dog. I caught a Transformer part-time Transformer.I'm throwing up
5,Do you want to make money? Then you can make the movie fun
1,It's a new wave. It's a stimulating third-rate new wave. -_-
5,It's a movie that lacks 5 percent, not 2 percent. Supporting actors and directors are disappointing. Well, there's a new wave of drama.
4,calmness
1,It's a box office hit, but I can't believe I'm spending this much partLet the audience evaluate each other
2,It's not even the Communist Party. It's all 10 points? My hands and feet cringed up the whole time I watched the whole time. 0 point for directing skills
1,The world where the part-timers play~
1,falling short of eugenics
1,There's a part-time job... Let's not do this.
6,Am I weird? ^^;;;
1,as if he had been taken in one's eye It's a movie that shows the effect of part-time job after school. ㅠㅠ 7 points is appropriate
6,I think it's contrived. Did you really need a bad teacher?
6,A movie that felt that a new wave could be a double-edged sword. Too much is poison.
1,I watch this kind of movie on home TV. What do you do to watch it in the movie theater?
5,Only the music is touching...Korean sports movies lack 2 percent.Phew~ I'll think more before I make it.
6,A normal movie...It's not new, but the storyline doesn't feel cheap, it's just fine
1,It's really trash
1,It's just... It'slightly gracious.
1,It's okay, but it's not a 9-point movie. It's not our Younghwan, but it's heart-warming
4,It's a boring repertoire, a boring performance, and a boring ending. I almost cried because I wanted to waste money
5,It's a movie that's not boring at all
1,I was a little sad, but... for the video
1,We don't have a lot of money to pay, but we don't have to do this. Just watch it on your own
1,My part-timer was tricked by my teacher when I went to see him at school. -_-; Let's stop!
1,It smells like part-timer's kurin here
1,The part-timers give you 10 points
1,I don't know what's funny... ...but Alba's got a rating
1,Can you control your sleep?If Korean movie is a little interesting, it is too much.Let's aim for 7 points
2,It's an obvious touching series following "Woosaengsoon". It's boring. There's no newness. It is not fresh.
1,I don't know
6,He doesn't try to breathe with the audience. He's pushing the audience. His directing skills are not good enough! Joan's acting was good!
5,Just, uh, watch it when you have time.lol
5,It's so touching, but it'If I couldn't act, I wouldn't have seen it until the end.
1,More than I thought,
1,It's not good
3,It's the beginning of 7 points. How is this 9.33? The whole time I watched it, I was nervous
2,NAVER's comments are working hard, but I can't even promote boring things
1,Wow!
1,I'm a part-timer in this movie, but it's a piece of crap that I don't want to work as a part-time job
1,I want to sue the part-timers
1,I'll write Venice Khan Berlin as my rating
6,9.31 is too much
1,This is the first time I've ever seen a stupid movie.That's too much media play
1,It's uncomfortable to see tears made by force. It was the first time I left my seat in the middle
1,Is it too obvious? It's no different from eugenics, is it?
1,It's really not good
1,Let's not be fooled by the part-timers giving us 10 points. Oh, S and B
1,I'll give you 1 point because you said 7 points is enough
1,NAVER evaluation... The lie is awesome
1,a little bit of a little bit
1,I'm so touched
1,Your part-time job is awesome. All the part-timers here gave you 1 point for Transformers. Let's go
1,I thought King Kong would come out, so I waited until the end, but it didn't come out
1,The downside of that budget movie is not funny
1,It's like 10 points...--ㅡㅡ
1,Not really!
1,What was the director thinking?
1,The part-timers are so mean.
1,not much
6,It's fun and touching.I was surprised because the dialect was so natural.
1,Why don't you stop making movies like this? Follow-up in the same format, calling for the identity of the Korean film industry
1,I don't like it. The rating is too high. I don't know if there are too many part-time jobs...
