히든 피겨스
2,
1,Seriously, no fun Kookeu
6,Women and men, blacks and whites, humans and machines, light topics!
1,It's a billion-dollar movie
1,Wow, I don't usually fall for ratings, but it's been a while since I fell for it. It's a trash movie full of explicitly filled with messages
1,People who used to be racist now discriminate against Asians
4,It's not a big fun and touching movie, it's a movie like "Do you know?" Behind the first American spaceflight when the United States competed with the Soviet Union, there was a black genius mathematician woman behind the efforts of Kennedy and Martin Luther King. It sends a resonant message that nothing can be done without racial equality and religious freedom.
1,Kim Chi-nuns only use mathematical thinking to calculate ovulation days, but American women use it for space engineering... LOL
1,a black film about Bumpemi
1,Keep in mind that less than 0.001% of all black people are black
5,Black + Women = Political Justice. a mediocre performance on a very modest plot
5,If you are not recognized and loved, you will be twisted.
4,Women do housework
1,
1,A movie that only one girl watches
4,If it had been solved dry and calm, the deep taste of the movie would have been added
1,a trash movie that only one girl likes
1,I'm from the Rating Board.
4,It was a little bit hard to see because I exaggerated the subject of black women, which proves that I live in the world of PC
1,A typical PC movie like a beggar
1,You're trying to make a black woman stand out
1,I hate the PC.  I don't want to watch movies because of PC
6,The theme is good, but it's boring and too long. I wish there was more tension. Honestly, I don't recommend it. The rating here is too overrated
1,horse-simulated farmer and herdsman southern farmer and herdsman energy
1,Nunique's Journey to the Crucifixion
2,No fun, no fun, no chewing, no fun, no fun
1,hjikytuui6type clock
1,take the easy way forward
1,Code of National Association for Aeronautics and Aeronautics of Popular Sportsmen
1,Feminism is a mental illness
1,It's a movie that's the ultimate PC movie
1,I feel these days that there is nothing wrong with what our ancestors did in the past Another discriminator, white people who detected the personality of black people in advance and skipped them, Samil
1,The racial and inhumane way of thinking that Americans are developed countries, the mental world is the same as the top brain group of backward countries, NASA
6,The message and acting were good.
5,A movie that touches the black, embraces the white, and excludes the yellow.
6,Based on a true story, it's a bit boring, but it seems to have shown the times about racism.
1,Oktoversky... It's like looking at a composite picture of Help. I hate it because Park Pyeong-sik gave me a high score.
6,It's not a 10-point movie
5,Wasn't it also the freedom of the white race to say that they didn't want to share a bathroom with the black race?Then, I think the distinction was lost because many white people said they didn't want to do that and that it was okay.Co-use is not something one side wants to use, it's something both sides must agree on
6,It is fun and touching, but the determination of white people seems to be more prominent than the main character who overcomes discrimination against black people. Catherine was great all the time, but Al-Harrison looked even greater
5,NASA didn't roll without black women back then. make a great leap It has significance in eliminating racism and feminism, but its cinematic perfection is not very high.
1,I was going to watch it, but I looked at the text of "Gender Discrimination" and ate it up. ^^
1,I think it's going to be foam.
1,I know it's a feminist movie, but it's kind of boring
1,Black beautification is all about winning
1,I turned it off while watching it. I'd rather listen to the joys and sorrows of the local ladies, how chatty and, by the way, the worst movie ever. It was a movie I shouldn't watch I should have looked at the wall and taught myself.
6,It was like a cheerful and lively movie in the commercial, but it wasn't as bad as I expected, such as scenes that were ignored throughout the movie and sometimes cider scenes.
1,It's just a movie
1,I enjoyed watching it.
1,It's not funny. It's about black discrimination. I know the message in the movie, but it's not funny
5,Too easy and easy to work out
1,It's like the Bible of PC bugs
1,I think it's a movie with a high rating.
3,Film for America by the United States by America
1,It's a little boring. It's not a movie I watched for fun.
4,It's worth watching, but it's not a life movie
1,The bathroom is 800 meters long and 40 minutes long.What's wrong with black people who are good at running? No fun... La La Land and Pikatteum
1,It was really touching, and I sympathize with the pain that black women would have felt for a moment, but I give you a point for your rating
6,It's a pity that there's no fun in movies. Oh, with such a good material.
1,Boom boom. Megal would love it
5,What kind of research is a woman?  A woman is a child at home, and live in the house.
4,I had 3 people evenly, but I liked the connection not bad. However, I was surprised to see Naver's rating because it was such a fairy tale, a gold-thin glass ceiling, and a cliché with no conflict, no three-dimensional characters or serious topics. It'd be nice to take it as a break.
5,What fun is this? It's not that funny.
6,It wasn't as attractive as I thought.
1,Women's rating of 9...75? I skip it with the help.
6,It represents a touching colored people human story. But the character that stands out is White Kevin Costner. Nevertheless, it's a good production
1,Rating too high 7 points is appropriate
2,The movie is like an inferiority complex that combines the black victim's consciousness and the female victim's consciousness. Black Femi Figures.
1,All men are equal under God. We have no reason or right to separate each other.
1,The score is too high, so I'll give you 1 point
6,I don't think it's a movie that will get this much rating
6,It's a bit messy and there's no concentration, but it's a good movie
2,Except it's a true story. Honestly, I was really sleepy.
6,It's touching and it's definitely a good side, but it's so obvious that everything went well like it's too solid. I think it would have been better to go to the center of one, not three. I think all three of us tried to cover it because it was a true story General recommendation for family movies
6,A story with the limitations of 'conservative logic' to obey and exercise one's capabilities.  suit the taste of the mainstream
3,The content is just not funny; I think we can look at it one by one more time, but it's too vague
6,It's an obvious but cliche and cliche.
1,It's a well-made movie that women will cheer for, but I can't erase the contrived part because I focused on the scene. 1 point for balance
6,Honestly, it's a small drama to watch in a DVD room. I think you're a genius to read dozens of books while urinating, but you have to put a huge amount of files in your bag in the bathroom, so do you have to spill them? In my view, he is an unwise constipation man.
6,an interesting subject
1,For fun, I want to give you zero points
1,the far-right Sorghani root
5,Still, it's too smooth
1,Black+female...The determination of the victim cosplay union. If this movie came out 20 years ago, it would have been meaningful
5,It's disappointing... I'm not sure I deserve high praise.
6,It may be a bit boring because it's a typical composition, but I enjoyed it because it's based on a true story.
6,Zola's black lady
6,a bit boring enough to kill time
6,counter the cost-effective sentimental prejudice
1,There's nothing left I thought you were reading a fairy tale. It's a waste of money.
4,My score is... I'm watching Hidden Figures in the wrong theater." Oh, you're making a spaceship to go to Mars. The movie is loose. It's good. NASA is commuting after an hour, so I came out and laughed alone
2,I guess I was looking forward to it too much. The climax was when he broke the coloured sign in the bathroom.
6,Putting old videos in between is rather distracting.
6,exciting space development It's exciting.
1,It's not fun. ㅠㅠT평You have to lower the rating
6,I don't know what's particularly good about racism and gender discrimination than the big welcome or any other movie about discrimination and it'
5,For a drama about a human victory over adversity, it's plain
6,I think the release of Hidden Figures is a sign that people can feel catharsis in this kind of narrative.  So actually, I think it's more like entertainment than drama.  But I hope more movies like this will be made in the future
6,Minecraft Lego skills
5,If talent is the only way to overcome discrimination, the dilemma of justifying discrimination by talent is ignored. Kirsten Park is old.
3,Gwangmyeong Lothsi] White men are incompetent and mischievous, and black men are persecuted, but they come out competent and confident. The theme consciousness is clear, but the story is expressed as a story of each of the three black female characters, but the story is distracting. The unexpected love line was also lame. It wasn't funny, and the emotion was about to happen.
1,A great movie. But the best movie in history is over-reacting
6,The scene of Catherine's anger exploding was very impressive, but the overall structure of the play was too loose.
1,The Megal movie, their own feminist communist fantasy pornography that can't happen in real life
6,The cool bathroom scene is impressive. But the rest of the process flows so easily with love. It is bitter that the black human rights movement only emphasized women while turning a blind eye. It's not like blaming their discrimination and my discontent. It was both refreshing and warm
6,Hans Zimmer and Farrell's music makes the movie more wonderful
5,"America Is Great" with Black Discrimination
4,The movie was fun and touching, but it wasn't what I expected.
1,The rating is too high, so I adjust it to 8.0 for a movie
1,Is the Femi movie Megal out?
6,There are many good messages for women to succeed in challenging their pride against discrimination, but the movie drama is too weak and the conflict is easily resolved easily There are many clichés in educational films that can be seen clearly, so everything is predictable. After the middle, the story is lost and moves around, and the concentration drops sharply
6,Women and blacks, who were discriminated against by NASA during the Cold War, are confidently advancing into society. The inconvenience and the limitations of the heroization of the character biography are disappointing.
1,It's a movie about a woman!
1,I watched it because of Kevin Costner
6,It's a Disney movie that feels like rewatching too obvious and powerless Help
6,It was more meaningful because it was a true story.  There was something to be desired by 2 per cent.  discrimination against women and people of color People who struggle in reality where discrimination continues even nowLet's cheer up!
6,Half fun. Half touching
6,I lost track of time It's fun
6,It's easy and fun.I can understand that it's a little dangerous to talk about equality and human rights if you have the ability to do it.
1,Black people who have been glorified too much at some point. Eight percent of the American population is black. At some point, they complain about racism when black people are absent from movies and dramas. Something's gone wrong with Hollywood.
1,It's so boring;; it's not a single pulse, it's a story that pops all over the place
2,Honestly, it's not fun. You should have dramatically adapted it for real.crying
1,NASA itself is a lie. What's the point of this?
6,It is educational, instructive and American. I admit it's a pretty good movie, but it's very ironic that I was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture.
6,If you're capable and obedient, I'll admit it as white tolerance. It's a great America.
1,Look at all the locusts coming in and putting them up
1,The screen was so black that I couldn't concentrate throughout the movie. I can't see well and I don't know who's who
4,Is the horoscope manipulation part of the promotion?  Don't do it!
1,a film incited by left-handed idiots. What are the political intentions of still making these films?
6,Racism and prejudice, a thought-provoking movie. It's worth watching.
1,The defense of the French team is labor-intensive.
1,Why is this the number one movie rating of all time;; I don't understand
4,There seems to be a reason why Lotte can't sell. Poor cleaning condition without parking. Lack of trash can
1,Terminator is more fun
1,My eyes hurt because it's all black. I don't want to see it
5,I thought the critic's review would be lively all the time, but it kind of dragged the story around the story.It was kind of boring...
1,Overrated movie. Honestly, 7 points
1,The catch is that few black people have that ability in the reality of demagogues for the PC
1,It's about rating~~~
1,There were so many nigros that popcorn tasted a bit uncomfortable
6,It is a movie worth watching.
1,Less than help, less than 8 points, more appropriate rating
4,nothing more than a drama
1,What's the world like in what year--
1,Feminism...ㅗㅗ호...Hoㅗ
