시월애
1,The fact that a woman lives alone on a beach with nothing around her from the beginning is a complete breakdown
5,Filming class, music class, lonely landscape painting
6,October was not October
5,It's a good movie, but it's boring.
6,Smart coke did everything
6,러브스토리
5,Lottery number...
6,Ordinary but sentimental
1,Jihyun's acting skills were just as good as her mouth
1,I recommended it, but thanks to you, I hear the sound of snow ^^
2,그것은 내 스타일이 아니다.
4,Maybe it's because there are so many movies of this kind these days, but the movie seems boring. The actors' acting and acting were awkward, and the directing was not that great, and the movie was boring as a whole.
6,I watched this movie yesterday after watching a classic movie. Son Yejin is definitely prettier and good at acting. Jun Ji-hyun acted so awkwardly. I'm a top star now, but...
6,What's the big deal? It's just Mizure's Ttolkid, but if that happens, we'll have to ask for a lotto number, so we'll split it up
6,It's a pretty good emotional romance.
5,A comfortable and refreshing movie, not provocative. The music is good, too. It's a great visual.
6,I think everyone is reading a book.
6,Is it because I saw you in 2019? A movie that's too cinematic. It's such a melodrama... Since it's a movie, I end up watching it. Old movies seem to feel the emotions of those times well. Anyway, Jun Ji Hyun is the best...
1,Millennium movie. It's exactly 20 years ago. That's it.
6,I agree and it was released in the same year.
4,Jeon Ji-hyun... With my pronunciation and vocalization, my job in the drama is to be a voice actor. That's the most scary movie
3,The lines are so cheesy and the direction is too contrived... Jun Ji-hyun's bad acting is too serious for his looks... It's a movie that's full of looks.
6,Anyway, when we cross the crosswalk, let's look at the side. And don't do me a ridiculous favor
2,Which one is the original one? It is true that October was made much earlier. Which one is the original one? Is the Japanese version of the girl walking in the future a remake? The content is almost the same except that the girl walking in the future is talking on the phone
5,I can't see the rules of the story
6,It wasn't bad. I wonder if Namiya General Store's miracle got its motif here.But maybe that's why it was a cliché to me.
3,Is it because I'm water-sensitive? I'm not touched
5,Characteristics of this era...He has a very high acting tone.Lee Jung-jae and Jun Ji-hyun, who are now masters of acting, reminded me that they were not good at acting.There are too many unnecessary things in the script. If all the writers were born in this era, they would have been successful
1,It's ruined... It' So it's like you're selling copyright to the U.S
5,I'm not releasing this movie, but I don't think it's just plagiarism
1,I can't believe your name compares with this kind of movie. How can this be plagiarism? Soon all the movies will be plagiarism
1,How is this plagiarism?If you come out first, that's all? Korean movies and Japanese animations have different classes
1,If I come out first, it's time for me? ㅉㅉ
1,Depending on how it is directed with common materials, it is divided into whether it becomes a masterpiece of rare or unlucky...
1,I gave you half a bean.
1,I guess so...
3,The names to remember, Hong Kyung Pyo and Kim Hyun Chul
1,I agree, but this is also a movie that was treated coldly by critics, but the things that really don't know how to watch movies are highly rated;; the ratings are adjusted
3,The atmosphere is also atmosphere, but there are many predictable double tracks, so the movie becomes boring as it becomes too obvious...
4,I've watched it so many times. I've been watching it seven times. I can't get into it except for the last ten minutes The main characters are like miscasts It doesn't fit me, it doesn't leave any lingering
5,Well, I was bored. If the sublime and spiritual love of exchanging letters is Platonic love, I will never do it in my life.
1,There is nothing to see but music. How can it be so boring? How can this be 9 points?
6,Things that you can't feel in movies these days...I don't know about the fun, but the background and music were impressive. A movie with a gentle touch.
6,I think it's because I'm looking forward to it. It's just too bland. Classic is much more fun. It's my personal preference. I think it'll be good for people who like calm movies like About Time series
1,a ridiculously forced production
4,The movie incorporates the romance of the 2000s through the concept of time-lifes. But it doesn't seem like there's enough motivation for the two main characters to deepen their love. The heroine's feelings for her ex-boyfriend are mixed up. a film in which holes are seen
1,It's too much to have a rating of 9 points, so I'm done
4,LOL
1,It's not fun. If you have time, you can watch it.
6,Comedy movies should have a good sense of humor and experience is important for these kinds of melos I feel like I'm single, but breaking up is another meeting waiting
1,I told my friend that I don't want to be the model of my experience, but how can I be the same as my story when I graduated from the same university?
1,If I didn't like it, I'd be much better off
6,It's calm and beautiful, but it's not that touching
5,Do you force yourself to bring out your emotions?It's boring the whole time I watch it
6,It was over 9 points, so I looked forward to it, but it' - M.
1,I can't forget the nice background, but the rating is too high.
5,I can't believe Jun Ji-hyun was 20 at the time. It's been 9 years, but you're very mature.
6,Idea seems a little lacking to drag on a false material for a long time... it's monotonous.
1,I almost died of sleep
2,Since it's a movie, 1 point for Jun Ji-hyun, 2 points for Story, 1 point for Cythers, 2 points = 2 points
4,an obvious ending to a poor performance
6,Material. Story sounds good.Video beauty. Editing is not good enough.Butter-scented, realistic character complains
1,Director OOO
6,"I agree." I thought it was because I read the similar topic before I fell asleep
1,It's a good movie to watch, but the rating is too high.
5,I was looking forward to it, but it's not good.Look at the secret I can't tell you.There's no comparison.
3,I trusted your grade point.The video was pretty, but the movie was boring and vague
6,Even after looking back, it doesn't feel rusty.
6,I think the story is okay. Directing skills and actors' acting...
3,Story, casting, directing skills are all wrong
4,It's... it's just a fake in my head.
6,Ordinary and boring except for a few unique materials.
1,It wasn't a big deal.It's Wangjiru.
2,Maybe after I saw Lakehouse, I didn't really...-0-;;;
1,It's almost a movie full of meaningless videos.
1,It's okay
5,Should I have seen Lakehouse instead of...
2,The story is ridiculous.Unrealistic!
2,Why did Hollywood remake this?
3,Jun Ji-hyun, a CF model, no. Lake House is more complete.
6,The background and material are good, but the story development is corny.
6,The material was good, but it's getting more and more complicated. Is it just me?
1,Jun Ji-hyun's acting is...
1,Is 9 a joke? You need to get a seven-point advantage for this
5,Why did the U.S. buy the movie rights?
2,I agree it was more fun -ㅅ-
6,I really like this kind of movie, but this is kind of...It's not... It's weird.
1,I thought you were gonna die of boredom-- Darvish?--ㅡㅡ
3,It was a poor construction from the beginning, like a house built on the beach.
6,Music, lighting, space, story. It's a bummer that it's too plain overall.
6,I felt the same way first, so it was kind of bored
1,You want to sleep, but you can't? Then watch this movie...
6,It's good to shoot with a big background and it's also a sentimental scenario
1,Jeon Ji-hyun's tears and acting. The guy that Jun Jihyun liked looks weird 333
6,A movie that leaves a lot of regrets... It looks like something's missing.
6,Jihyun, why are you always like this?
4,It wasn't good
1,There are many far-fetched parts.
5,Jeon Ji-hyun's character didn't live properly.She's the best at being the best for her
6,Well, maybe it's because I think it's more interesting
5,It's getting weird.
4,The director's direction failed to keep up with his aesthetic sense.
3,I don't know what the movie is about
3,It's very different from the original...I think the casting went wrong, too.Honestly, I'm disappointed in the movie
