업
6,It was fun to go up memories
5,I wonder if there's such an adventure with an old man as the main character, except for Harrison Ford of Indiana Jones. And deep marital love drama
5,The basic structure could be touching, but the way it was solved was sloppyI looked forward to it and I was disappointed!
6,I watched it because the ratings were high, but it wasn't that fun. The stubbornness of the elderly
6,Disney... The real-life version is also based on old works, and if you look at it, it doesn't look like old... I think Mufasa was in his prime when he was remembered YooA in Lion King.
1,Racism in Asian Children Carcinogenesis
1,anticlimax, bright beginning and dull finish
1,I was touched in the beginning, but as time went by...Not funny
1,British Parliament for the Helenik shares of the L.K.R.
1,South China Sea division of labor legalized by Huang Ta-da
2,Explorer Russell, it was so annoying.I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it so much
4,The introduction was touching.
5,I felt depressed and uncomfortable because the movie was about dying and sad.If it's an animation, it should be bright and cheerful, but it makes people feel bad
6,The opening is as famous as it is. Then an overrated movie. It is difficult to concentrate due to the lack of probability in the story.
1,It's an animation that flies home with balloons, so I understand, but why do rogue robots appear out of the blue when they arrive? The kid who follows the grandfather is so angry that it's annoying. It's not likely at all and touching is contrived. Very overrated
6,You said the opening was the best, but it was so out of the blue.
1,Honestly, it's so childish and it doesn't make senseIt's not fun
1,An explorer who is the embodiment of misfortune, who has lost all of his fame, achievements, and life because of an animal, and lost his ship to the main characters. Who the hell is the real villain;;
1,I think it's going to be foam.
6,For a life without regrets. pull out one's hidden wish with a key to courage
6,Best opening, normal content.
5,a repeat of coincidence and coincidence
5,More than half of the movies were sentimental through early marriage
6,As long as the probability was good...
1,I wish my wife could travel with me
6,I think I missed something from the moment the house sank.
1,It's too childish and plain
6,As soon as the house opens up, the fun goes away
6,It's plain. It's a shame. It's not easy to cry
3,a self-portrait of a sad grandfather who is exploited by a child in his old age
1,It's not fun. The person next to me said that they enjoyed it, but I'm not fun...
1,The first five minutes are great, but considering that the second half is a cartoon, it's boring, impersonal, and unlikely. In particular, even if it is a villain, the ending of killing him by falling and robbing him of an airship and using it as his own property is frowned upon. 7 to 8 points are right, but it's unnecessarily high, so I'll give you 1 point.
1,Pixar basically needs to think again. Why do you make an animation? You made this for kids? I don't know. It's just a movie made to shed tears for old people in their 40s.Pixar isn't a movie to give to children, it's just making a masterpiece that will go down in history.
1,An elderly old man with a bird and an immature elementary student. I almost died of anger while watching.
4,I don't agree with you lifting a house with countless balloons, even though it's an animated movie To be honest, it was most interesting to see his wife die in the twilight after his entertainment days Everything else is childish. Disney is a little too much
1,Many students have seen it, but should we reflect on the reality to some extent? Can you keep that life by selling balloons? In order to live like that in our country, you have to do 300 clothes a month Even if you are a citizen of your own country, if you fly in the air without permission, you will go to jail. Please reflect on the reality!!!
1,The screen is so dizzy that I can't concentrate on the movie
1,I turned it off in the middle because I was so bored
1,I think the rating is a little too much
6,Am I skinny to enjoy this?
1,be grossly boring Bored lol The part-timers are so loose. I think they're going to eat the other one too
6,The opening was good...I guess I was expecting too much ㅜㅜ
5,It's not as good as I expected. The villain, Charles Mantz, is the son of Sound of Music
5,ㅜㅜ I was bored...What's the rating?
1,I don't think it's a movie that has such a high rating
6,Why is this lower than Rapunzel?
6,the absence of attractive characters
4,I saw it and it's coming up now. It reminds me of that time and disappoints me.
5,It's sad to see the old man and Ally live for five minutes
3,I admit that the beginning was touching. But the content development is so boring.
2,It's boring in general. The lingering feeling in the beginning was good, but there was no particular impact. I was looking forward to seeing the existing Pixar movie, but it's disappointing.
3,It's not as good as I thought. The story of my grandfather's youth was sad and touching, but there was nothing remarkable afterwards. It's boring, and the story is boring. The story, the video, and the visual are not exceptional. It's too monotonous and boring for a Pixar movie. It's disappointing
1,You can only see it on the PC through Naver player with DRM. a frustrated person watching on TV
6,It's hard to find an animation this boring.
1,Ah, it's just too boring for an adult to see. I slept from the middle
6,The later development of the story can be rather absurd and tedious to watch without innocence
6,Did I have high expectations because of the high score? The material was original, but boring.
6,Just laugh from time to time
6,It was fun, but later on, it was kind of boring
1,It's not funny at all
4,The rating is too high. It's a movie that touches the personality of a little boy.
1,Only the first part is good. Please throw away the formula. You guys can do better
6,It was fun
1,It was so bad.
6,In the beginning, it stimulated emotions and even the part where the house was up was fresh and good. But after that, it's gone
1,It's not that funny.It's not fun.
1,It's hard to relate to the main characters. It's hard to get immersed in the story
5,Much remains to be done.
5,It's hard to cover such a story with less than a dopey video.
1,A movie where Ahn Byung Ho fell asleep while watching it! It's a waste to give 0.5 points, but there's nothing we can do!
6,I think the story is going off topic...
6,It's not as good as I thought. It's just a work. It would have been nice if there was an impact.
4,It's boring. It'
6,A movie that children would like to watch without thinking.
1,Why is the rating so high? It's like a flat piece
5,It's interesting, as if the rating is higher than I thought.
2,How can this be 9 points??
1,Part-timers with 1 seed
5,Too simple and boring
6,anime for infants
1,Oh... NAVER reviews... Forsythia and I got 9 points
6,Fooled by NAVER horoscope -_-; When will it be fun...I watched it until the end and ended up turning it off
6,Is it because I was looking forward to it so much. It's boring from the middle
1,You think this is possible?
1,That's not good.
6,Overall, it's depressing and calm, but it's not that fun...
1,This movie is really not fun.Disappointed... I want to give you 100 The rating...
6,Honestly, it's not good. It's touching but it's not fun to laugh
1,I can't really relate to it.
1,It wasn't fun.
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
6,It's touching, but I don't know how fun it is
1,Is this fun...
2,Disney Annie feels like it's going to ruin.Disney movies are getting less and less and less.
6,I don't like it
4,It's just plain
6,a fresh piece of work
5,Squirrel!! was funny but overall, it didn't come out as much as I expected from Pixar
1,I need to lower the rating. It's about the same level  About 8 points? It's a bit boring
1,It's too high. Let's lower the rating.
1,What is this?
1,It's like an elementary school student. the height of childishness
6,Monkeys have days to fall from trees. Even Pixar...
1,It's not fun...Don't look at it. It's trash
1,a tagger
5,I don't think it's fun... I thought the art school was fun...It's not really...
1,Pixar's first failure
6,It's worth seeing. It doesn't impress much or leave anything behind.
6,I don't know if Pixar doesn't fit me. It's just whatever. It's similar to Wall E
1,Why did you make this movie if OO is not fun? I'll say one more thing. This is a failure
4,As a big fan of anime, it's really boring...  I can't even watch it until the end.
5,10 points for children and 5 points for adults?
6,The screen is so pretty^^
6,It's a masterpiece, but I don't think it's a masterpiece. I don't think I's childhood innocence.
4,I enjoyed it
1,I don't like the kid. He's a little kid
1,It was a movie with nothing to watch.
6,It's an unexpected storyline
1,It's kind of fun, but it's not...
5,Why am I always boring Pixar Annie?
3,Until the mid-air broadcast, it's totally a movieAfter that, it was too childish
4,There's no jam to catch the eye. I think they'll find it boring
1,That's so lame
6,I think it's a children's movie
1,I don't think I can show it to a kid...The graphics are really nice.
1,Honestly, about 7 points? It was fun, but...Compared to other animations...
1,Boredom
6,One person's life that comes out in the beginning was really well expressed, but the rest was somehow...
5,It's a little high. It's about 8.5cm. It's a movie with a good ending. It's good because it's a dream.Hah!
1,I turned it off while watching "Jokka-ne"
5,It is a warm movie about friendship between old people, boys, and dogs, but the story unfolds.Avoid adults who are less than expected
6,It's childish.
2,You're just making things upfront
1,One of the overrated animations, too. In particular, immature characters are annoying.
4,It's very childish and boring for adults, but it's the worst Pixar production ever
1,Honestly, the beginning was good, but the rest... The scenario is the worst in CG animation.
6,I liked Pixar's other animations, but this movie is...
1,I'm watching a movie. I saw the preview and it was disappointing
1,That's so childish. I can't feel the affection.
6,I don't know... I'm a Pixar animation fan. It's kind of disappointing...
5,This is the least interesting of Pixar's works
6,Time flies and there is no country for old people. I liked Fredriksson's childhood scenes
2,Hmm...it's a little boring.
6,7 points are appropriate. Pixar's least interesting work
6,At first, the little boy was annoyed, but eventually he became a more precious friend than the old house
3,I looked at the ratings and it was so boring For me, it's a 3-point animation. I was looking forward to a great adventure
1,I don't like it personally
1,I paid more money to watch IMAX. It's a kid movie
1,This is the worst Pixar Annie I've ever seen
6,It wasn't as much as I expected, but the colorful colors stood out
4,It was good, but it wasn't 9 points. It's just that Toy Story is moving.
6,The character is cute. When I fly up on a balloon, I can't help but exclaim. a feeling of returning to one's childhood
5,Not a very recommended movie.
6,I was looking forward to it so much.
1,It's so boring ㅠㅠㅠ
6,This is the first time that I dozed off while watching Pixar movie.overmotivated to sustain interest
6,When I was in elementary school,
1,It's so boring
6,I think I was looking forward to Pixar too much
5,Children will love it.I don't really...
1,Sleepy
6,I'm looking forward to it.I was looking forward to it. It was just a normal feeling
1,Fun writing
1,It's not that
2,It's such an obvious story.It was good at first, but the last one was a little too obvious.
4,I hope it wasn't fun. It's not even funny
1,It's a movie that seems to have left its fun at home
3,It's so empty! ;; This animation is new to me ;; It's not fun to play with, but it's touching at the end~
1,I'm going to get angry
2,Does it make sense? How can a face be square?
6,I dozed off while watching it. Only the short story of "Partly Cloudy" by Peter Son was fun
1,I thought it would be fun.I looked at it with my chin on my chin with no expression on my face.;;
1,Oh --
1,Don't look at me. I went to Jojo and there were five people
1,It's... It's just...
6,The picture is fancy and pretty, but the story is for children
3,By the strongest star...Let's admit it. (Lee Soonjae was the only one who had a hard time)
1,More likely to sleep than... boring.
1,It's fun. Uh...
5,They'll like it if they see it. Flying in a balloon
6,Oh, I like this kind of animation, but I am just like that.ㅠㅠ It was a boring development.
6,She's so cute. Eunhwa
1,In Chosun Ilbo, the fact that the i-character looked like Korean children seems to be discriminating, so I feel down
6,It's boring, but at the end, it's touching
5,It's not more than I expected. It's just a story... You'll be in big trouble if you look forward to it like me.
6,It's just, for the sake of childhood, it's worth seeing.
2,If I had watched a movie alone, I would have just left.Animation doesn't suit me
1,It doesn't seem very interesting
6,The video is good, but it lacks as much fun and imagination as expected through advertisements.
6,I was really looking forward to Disney & Pixar, but it was more than I thought.
2,It sounds amazing, but there's a lot of emptiness
1,It's a 6-7-year-old movie, so I fell asleep because I was bored...-ㅗ-
2,I thought it was like an obvious story, Wall-E, or Ratatouille, but it wasn't fun. I'm disappointed
1,The scene looks interesting, but the story isn't very... It's so much fun!Multiply by 10000000
1,It will be fun soon.It's going to be fun... ...and it's over.
1,The score is about 8 points or less.a good movie
1,It's really not funny
1,This is also a really boring movie.It's a really boring movie that didn't touch or shed tears.
1,For those of you who don't like cartoons, it's better not to watch it... ...I enjoyed watching Ratatouille.
4,Nine points is absolutely the worst Pixar Nie I've ever seen.
1,Throw it away
3,I'm not as impressed as anyone else. I'm so excited.
5,Maybe it was because I was looking forward to it so much that I was disappointed with the story
5,I'm getting confused as the movie ends.
1,Not really
5,Disappointed, sometimes touched, but I don't understand why the rating is so high.
5,The action is weak, the story is corny. In a word, it's not touching, it's not fun.
2,I don't like it
6,I fell asleep while watching... -_-;;
6,This Disney movie is a bit... I'm so disappointed.
1,What's this?
1,Hello
4,It's a bit thread
5,It was easy.
1,Look at the national team Then you admit it.
1,The best animation in the world
6,It's like a movie called "Mojal"
1,It's a waste to watch an animation in a movie theater
1,It's not fun -_-
1,It's not fun
1,It's not funny
1,What are you doing?
5,Nice try, but lacking overall harmony and completeness.
4,It wasn't funny, it wasn't touching.
2,I don't like to see my hero in a moment.Pixar's touching moments...crying
1,Up, I didn't find it very interesting, but a little strange?
6,A cute and warm movie, but there was no element to be bored and laugh about
6,It's not as good as I expected.I was surprised by my grandfather's physical strength
1,It's not fun... It's childish. Don't look
1,If you're an adult, you shouldn't watch it
1,That's childish
1,This is for babies
6,Compared to the material, the story didn't seem to be interesting... The middle part was so boring.
6,I watched it because the ratings were good, but it was just like that
1,It was okay, but the rating is too high, 8.5 is enough, it's a dubbing by Yadongsunjae, so I can't get into it
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I think I need to lower the rating. Let's go with 8 points
1,I'll watch it because it's a bottle
6,Just the level of completion. Too low eye level. If you look forward to it, you'll grow.
1,Honestly, a boring movie
1,The expert rating is not a big deal.Pixar is ruined
6,It's an expected ending, but touching...
6,Pixar fan, but not enough for the past.
2,A film that really destroys Pixar's reputation with its sloppy composition and storyline
1,Pixar is the worst Annie
1,Honestly, it was boring Less funny, less touching The rating of 6.5 is appropriate
6,I liked Annie, but... I was a little disappointed this time...
5,10 points for King Kong is for the audience, and 10 points for Up is Alvada.  I mean it's
5,Honestly, I was disappointed. I guess everyone had high expectations.The palace --;;
1,Oh my god
5,I'm disappointed It's no more fun than Ice Age and it's no more fun than Haeundae????
6,The kids love it T
1,not much.
1, well
1,A rating that is too high and needs to be lowered. It's a 2-and-a-half-star piece
6,It is less interesting than Pixar's other animations
6,This movie is a little disappointing. Pixar Studio!
1,When I was young, I went on a dream tripAnd look at the notes and realize that life is precious now
1,I'm kidding. I looked at the score with the national team. That's awesome
2,Just.
2,I lost my childhood innocence Why can't I focus on cartoons?
1,It's a sleepy movie.I slept like hell...
1,I'm A.C.E.I
1,It's not an evaluation to give 10 points because the score is too high
1,I'm jam-up girl
1,I was looking forward to it, but you're disappointed
1,As expected, it's nothing special
1,It's so much fun
1,The movie that I had to watch...
5,I don't like it
5,I'm very, very disappointed, maybe because I'm so excited.
1,That's childish...
1,It's the worst
5,If you want Pixar's Tech demo, don't watch it, it's recommended for those who want a warm story
6,More than I thought...It wasn't good. The visual beauty was really good, but...I'm not sure about the content.
1,It's really boring and the kid is really ugly. He looks like a pig. Ugh~~~~~~~```
6,The graphics are fine.I think there's a lack of story and laughter
1,It's so boring. I can't understand. I was so sleepy. The content is also...
2,I was sleepy in the movie from the beginning. I dozed off and went to the bathroom later
6,Shit... just came out of bed -_-.Thanks to you, I was able to sleep
1,It wasn't that fun
5,It's kind of a waste to watch with money?
1,What is this?
1,It's not fun at all. I agree with that 3 point person
1,It's funny, but it's not good
6,It's worth watching.
4,I watched it because my American friends said it was fun, but it wasn't fun at all. I thought I was going to die of exhaustion.Totally regret it!
3,Almost all the kids in the theater are so loud
6,It's a nice picture. ^^
1,There's no jam.
3,It's not fun
3,I'm so sleepy. Don't see me in the evening! Please!
6,Ah, you said it was 3D, but there was only one scene
1,It's a movie of the perfect group.It's not fun at all right
1,The first movie that made me sleep lol. It was such a waste of money
6,I watched it in 3D. I was looking forward to seeing it without glasses, but it'
2,Honestly, if it's tens of thousands of ad-balloons, does it float with thousands of balloons? Homes?
1,Does the house float in thousands of balloons? (although it's a children's movie) What if the kids copy it?
1,Turn off the part-timers!
6,It can be very fun depending on the person. But I was sleepy.
6,I'm not as good as I thought. I dozed off
6,...ㅠㅠ Not so... I was really sleepy
2,The best Pixar movie ever! What is Walt Disney's intention to be violent and serious about death?
5,I just... I just slept!  It was fascinating to see it in 3D, so it's okay
3,It's just; it's the level of elementary school kids who don't
5,It is not a work for children. But what does it mean?
6,Compared to the basic Pixar movie, it's a bit disappointing. I dozed off for the first time, but after the middle...
1,a little movie
1,I'm sorry. I got cursed at after I saw it.
5,I don't like 3D. Everyone who watched it, including me, doesn't like it. I feel bad that I was fooled by the rating
6,Hommage for Hayao Miyazaki!
2,It's fun...
4,I slept for a while.~~
1,It's not fun
1,I don't like chubby
4,What I've wanted to do all my life. Time goes by. Let's be brave! Courage...
3,I didn't like it that much because it was a story that was obvious and predictable.
1,Oh, my. What a waste of money
1,It's a waste of 9,000 won for my wife ㅠㅠㅠㅠThis is the climax of nothing ㅠㅠ It's not fun
3,I don't really...
1,Everyone got 10 points.
1,NAVER movie...It's totally a part-time job heaven now
5,I was a big fan of Pixar's work, but the number of yawns increased toward the end.
6,Pixar Annie's first time since the introduction.I like Ghiblina more
4,That was a good idea, but... Configuration Young... -_-
3,The most boring animation in my life. Don't look forward to it!
5,I put up with the snipe, but when the talking dogs come out, I don't think so, and it's quite a shame
5,I didn't see it well because of OOO and parents without concept, but the content is okay
1,It's not fun. First of all, it's not funny because there's no humor. Elementary school students like it next to the faked forest
1,The beginning is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But as we go back...-- I can relate to the person below
2,It's not fun. Toy Story, which was made 10 years ago, is much more interesting
3,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it...It's a waste of money.crying
1,Now Annie is working on her part-time job.
1,Did you work part-time with Annie?
1,I don't like this movie
6,The dubbing was a bit disappointing.
3,They're like movies. Sleepy
6,Is Disney Pixar too much to look forward to?The second half of the story is as disappointing as I expected
6,The story is disappointing. It's too simple
1,It's not really funny. What's this rating?
5,Slapstick comedy for adults and children in mid- to mid-term. The level of completion is not enough
3,It's worse than other Pixar movies.
4,My baby's bored.
3,And down
1,Pixar... It's a movie that's 98 percent insufficient for adults.
1,The reality is a gutter
6,It's kind of obvious. I think there were too many edits in the middle.
1,I think it's the worst Pixar movie ever.
1,I don't think it's the worst...
1,It was the worst Pixar movie ever. I thought Carr was the worst
5,It's the worst Pixar movie ever. The word "dragonhead" is right on the spot on.
