기적
2,If you cry after watching this, check if you have low intelligence. Why don't you cry over the old boy?
4,It's just... it's amazing that the ratings are high and the responses are good
4,I tried to show you too much, but I failed. That's a bummer. Park Jungmin's role as a high school student is going too far
5,a moment named a miracle
6,It's obvious, but I enjoyed watching it
1,Yoona turned it off as soon as she heard the dialect. Please don't make a movie like this again
1,I'm so moved! Park Jungmin always acts the same way! I wish that an actor who acts with his heart would play this role
3,It's a little forced, but... It's good for killing time
6,No more movies that make actors in their mid-30s dress up as teenage high school students.
6,Father and son overcome each other's pain
5,perfect for a holiday movie
6,Bonghwa dialect, did you do it or not? Do you do it or not? Do it or not? I don't listen to it. Especially, the accent is not from Gyeongbuk, but Busan, so it's a shame
4,What do you want to say? I watched it because of Park Jungmin, and the story is
6,Normal. There's nothing more to say
4,Yoona, the movie that the actress saved...I don't think I have enough power.It's not her fault
6,an old movie with good acting
6,The story and direction were so bad that I was scolded for watching it until the end. I finished the race because of Yoona. The director should be sorry for Yoon-ah for the rest of your life.
6,I enjoyed watching it Family affection
6,I can't listen to Yoona's dialect...…
4,I was fooled by the rating ㅠㅠ I wasted my time
6,The actors' acting was so good, but...That's all I can say. That's the only thing that made me cry
2,Oh, I almost cursed at you ㅠㅠ I don't watch erotic movies with high school men and women at home, and I'm sitting with my family on a kiss. It's too much. Do you want to watch it with your babies? The content is also childish.
2,You don't have a point? Wow... This is 8.5? Wow. Park Jung Min, Lee Sung Min, who is really good at acting, brought together the actors and completely crushed them into a story.The story of the times doesn't fit, and it's a movie that's mixed up.Really... Someone said, "Miracle came out on Netflix." "Shall we take a look?" And if you got the score...Just... watch something else or go to sleep.I keep your timeI'm writing a review for the first time in my life
4,It's like a forced new drama.
6,An ordinary family-inspiring movie. K-familyism + Korean romance + the use of a guaranteed masterpiece (Billie Elliott) cliché + a slightly exaggerated true story = A family-inspired movie that will be watched for a long time. Personally, I think this high rating is too much and if you like Korean emotional codes, you will think it's easy, but there's no novelty
6,Yoona's dialect is too far-fetched. Her acting doesn't improve
6,The story was good until the middle
2,I can't get into it because I used Gyeongnam dialect to talk about Gyeongsangbuk-do dialect.
4,I can't watch it until the end because of Yoon-ah's bad dialect performance.
1,I watched this movie one after another after watching Ethan Hawk's love on Netflix.There's a huge difference...
4,It's a miracle I saw this through. The first 45 minutes are really boring. He's a little... A series of meaningless scenes that you don't need to see... a failure to get to the point It was a waste of money for me to get immersed in it, so I watched it again and again. As expected... Like a calm lake, it's not touching and boring
6,The acting is good and the story is good, but the dialect is so awkward
6,It's hard to see Yoona's dialect acting, so I took a rest and took a rest.How about using Seoul dialect? I think so. It was so awkward in the last airport scene.Your awkward acting in dialect ate up all your emotions.
5,The story of the movie and the actors' acting are great, but the accent is so strange and unnatural that it bothers me throughout the movie
2,Movie stars who can't watch comfortably I don't understand diction, dialect accent, but to be successful, one gets twisted and the most frustrating movie of my life
5,Is this rating for real? The actors' dialect acting was so awkward that I was able to get into character
2,I can't concentrate at all on the forced Gyeongsang-do dialect
1,Sometimes, I watch it because it seems like acting in dialect.Please be an actor who speaks Gyeongsang-do dialect.
1,I looked forward to it, but it was not touching, not funny, and I looked at it with no expression.
1,The main character is in the 10th grade. Isn't it too much for the actor? His acting is flawless, but I can't get into it I'm not a college student, but a freshman in high school.Every time I see him, he's so into it.
4,It was a bit forced and the story was too obvious to be expected. It was a movie that was hard to get immersed in because of the character's setting, although the actor's acting was perfect
2,Let's just download it. If it gets cheaper on NAVER, we'll do it repeatedly on cable someday
6,What a waste of actors
6,Don't put ghosts in there. Instead of matching the success story between a genius and the conflict between the father and son, it will be the success story of the whole village community who longed for Yangwon Station. The conflict that blooms in it, the difference in perspective, the object of time that can be revealed, etc. I'm so disappointed
2,A movie that includes all the shortcomings of Korean movies.
5,I was sad because I was so sad
6,I was going to give you 9, 10 points until the middle of the movie...From two-thirds of the way...The reason for the conflict between father and son...I'm afraid you'll find out I love you...Does it make sense? Aren't you breaking up with your sister too easily?What if my sister's twist came out at the end...It's too bad. The last music is the worst!
6,I don't know what kind of miracle there was. I don't think the hardships and hardships of making the role are the main focus, and the romantic story with Yoona seems to be cut off in the middle...I feel bored with the chaotic development. Yoona is so pretty I wish I could film a melodrama comparable to Son Yejin before I get older ㅜㅜ
2,Rather than having fun, just watching a movie
5,I thought it would be all I saw in the trailer, but it wasn't. It was not forced to be moved, but there were many parts that were less likely to be set up in various situations. Maybe that's why it wasn't a big hit.
6,I thought it was a village rehabilitation project, but the story goes to Mt. tear gas...Park Jung-min and Lee Sung-min's acting is 90 percent.The whole story or script is a shame. Still, I recommend you to watch it when you see it or not.Park Jung-min's chemistry is explosive no matter who he is.
5,I thought stereotyped clichés were re-releasing early 2000s movies
6,Park Jungmin doesn't seem like a high school student, so it's distracting
6,The title is "Era." Park Jung Min's child isn't in sync either. The story was nice because it was calm and touching, but I think I should have decorated the ghost sister's ghost photo as the ending of the movie.
6,It was okay until the middle...As time went by, it was increasingly difficult to immerse myself due to excessive emotions.I was able to watch it until the end because of actor Park Jungmin
3,I was fooled by the score. I saw it on Netflix, but I'm sleepy.It's corny, the development is boring, and it's not fun. I tried to pull out the forced emotion, but I couldn't cry because I couldn't relate to it. Yoona's role is also ambiguous. LOL
1,Don't ever look at the worstHJ: I
6,Park Jungmin leads everything. Yoona, please don't act.My immersion is shattered by the awkward dialect. I'd rather use standard language.The person who came out as Park Jeongmin is much better at acting
4,The scenery and actors were good, but the composition was a bit...
6,It's like reading a rough but sincere handwritten letter with a pencil
1,an easy-going new school Stop making this emotional movie
6,As soon as we started...My dialect is so cringe-worthy. If I can't do it, I'll have to choose someone who's good at it or practice acting. ㅜㅜ It's too bad
4,Yoona's acting was cringe-worthy, but I turned it off because the story was so boring
6,The director seems to like movies by Iwai Shunji. The warmth of the black promist filter is good
1,Hahaha. How much would it be to pay for this?  Even on Netflix, it's a waste of time
6,It's hard to hear male lead's dialect
4,I don't know if it's far away, is it a miracle to study in America?
6,Good story. Dialect is so awkward
6,It's too obvious. It's too obvious. Only the material that built the Cliché ㅜㅜ station on the plot itself was touching. And did I have to add a kiss after seeing an adult movie? It was too much and too bad. Since they are two fresh people, I think it would have been much better if they made the first kiss a little cuter as a family movie and a movie seen on holidays. And even if you're a science-biased genius, a student who doesn't have any more books to read in the library can't spell better than an elementary student? It's like an elementary school student Does this make sense? Even if I hadn't been cared for by my parents, or if I had only read math books with more numbers, I was sorry that it made no sense to have such a large amount of reading and to have an IQ top class to learn spelling on its own. If you're a writer, you'll know this, but it's kind of like an insincere script.
6,Sookyung acts better and is prettier than Yoona.I can't get into the movie because the main characters are not fluent in dialect.It's boring, it's just for killing time
6,Look, Miracle
5,It's a miracle of dreams. I was surprised because I acted well.
6,It's worth watching until the beginning, but as time goes by, the Korean movie's unique drooping and new wave
4,Bibimbap ruined with good ingredients
6,That movie's background is popular in Gyeongsang-do, so I played a simple role. If it were Jeolla-do, I would have ignored it due to regional sentiment and not treated it in reverse like Yangwon Station, and built a station without being ignored. Content in favor of Gyeongsang Province only
6,I loved the story of Park Jung-min and Lee Soo-kyung until the beginning of the movie. In the latter part of the movie, the story power has decreased. Actor Park Jung-min is such a famous star now and I want to meet him again in a movie with many actors Lee Soo-kyung.
6,Except for actor Lee Sung-min, the rest of the dialect is clumsy, so it breaks the immersion...
5,About the art of dealing with dramatic flavors?
6,
6,It's just a movie that comes to mind.
2,Yoona, what's your dialect?  LOL
2,A shoddy dialect that destroys the obvious new drama and immersion
4,The story of trying to make a movie based on a true story, and then ending up with that new phataryng.I'm so tired of this. Stop playing Shinpa, Jebah-al
2,80's sentiments. Crying at this much
5,A little twist and a lot of memories added to the new school
1,A lot of Shinpa. Just a sigh
5,It's been a while since I cried watching a touching story.It was sadder and more touching to hear that it was a true story. But the only thing that's hard to get into is that everyone speaks Gyeongnam dialect except Lee Sung-min and one engineer. Although most movies use Busan and Gyeongnam dialects, it's a pity that there's not enough dialect in a movie set in a certain area. It was really hard to get immersed in the dialect in one line.crying
4,What a shame, man. He's been nagging me about not taking the test.Wow, people in the neighborhood My son is going to win first place. He's going to America
5,The story of the birth of Korea's first private history and the story of a genius boy's family seems awkward because they do not match each other, but it is easy to take care of fun and emotion.
6,Apart from watching movies, I hope you can speak in a strange dialect that is not in Gyeongsangbuk-do or Gyeongsangnam-do. ㅠㅠ If you are going to do a drama or a movie, please do it properly.I hate the wrong dialect accent that people who speak in a native dialect point out that I speak in a weird way
6,The story is so touching
4,It's not that touching, but it's worth watching until the end. I think it's because there's a little bit of a gag.
1,Is this a movie? It's classy.Is this a firework? lol
4,It was good in the beginning, but I thought there would be something in the second half. It felt like it ended suddenly. It would have been nice if there was something in the last scene. It's not the last scene
6,a touching Chuseok movie
6,Because of Yoona, four stars...A 40-year-old man plays the role of a high school student, so he failed to cast a male lead.
6,Fun, good acting. Good, good!
6,The acting of the actors in the screenplay was so good and I was impressed by the Korean movie. However, one cast miss was so serious that I ruined my immersion, so I got 6 pointsThe actress who plays the role of an older sister. How can you be a high school girl?It's more like a dad's wife than a high school girl. It's not a high school girl's ghost. It's a lot stronger than a mom's feeling, so I'm out of focus from time to timeYou've ruined a work that could have been a masterpiece by dragging an actor with controversy over his personalityI don't know what the actress gave me, but I'm sorry about that
6,As the story progresses towards the end, I wonder if my sister had to die. I think the direction of killing her would have been touching and pleasant
6,Lee Soo Kyung, I got goosebumps, but...As expected
3,Detecting a large amount of impurities called K Sinpa in a stream flowing through a mountain valley
6,It was easy
4,That's too obvious. Shintoism is still the same, and it's not fresh at all
6,To be honest, it was just...  Yoona's dialect also feels a bit awkward... Elementary and mid-school Six Sense...  If I had focused more on the true story, an audience like me would have been more moved...
6,Rich people need to talk
6,Lee Soo-kyung is a jewel. Lee Soo Kyung's name should be on the poster first
1,I really can't see it because of Yoona's dialect.... It was so hard
6,
2,Wow, I can't believe I can make a movie this boring with these actors
5,The innocence of the main characters looked pretty, but it was just a new wave movie
1,The acting was all right, but do I have to make it a success story after winning the first place in Guji's study abroad? There are many people who are happy and successful even if they can't win the first place and don't study abroad I think this is the nature of Korean culture.
4,It's all because of your father who takes care of his work more than his family. Why are you crying?
1,The second half copied Billy Elliot. Blatantly copying. Is this a growth movie? Is it a family movie or a genius boy? What is it?
6,I dozed off and fell asleep... I saw that there must be something calm and obvious about the Korean sentiment code. I'm just sleepy... The probability of emotional communication among the characters is also very low. Is it a miracle that a simple station was created? Is it a miracle that the main character went to study abroad? Is it a miracle that the people who gave a perfect score after watching this movie?
6,It's a simple story, but... It's well made to be warm.
6,It's normal... I don't think it's enough to look it up
4, miracle
4,In the 21st century, Yoona is very fashionable. I'll just give you a response.
6,It's all predictable range of stories, but it's still touching. One thing I'm disappointed about is Yoona's
4,It's so useful that it makes you wonder why I added a female character
5,There are a lot of actors that I like. That's a really poor story
6,Good humor code It was such a bummer to use the female character
6,The movie that made me laugh more than I thought, and it was good because it wasn't what I expected, but as expected... There are so many unique emotions of Korean movies
5,It's a true story. It's a drama that brings back memories from the 80s. The railroad worker, Tokyo Magnitude 8.0, Good Will Hunting, Beautiful Mind, and other masterpieces from the 90s. The skill is not very good. It didn't melt so well that it wasn't obvious. It wasn't an homage. The sense of surprise is added to the dwindling new wave of the second half, and the later it goes, the more boring and embarrassing it is.
6,The story gets boring as it goes back.
2,It's a lie that Lee Sungmin comes out. He doesn't even come out as a supporting Yoona is okay. Director, don't meet me on the street
6,The main story of making a simple station is good, but it's a shame how to solve it.
6,A movie that's more like Lee Soo Kyung's lead than Yoona
1,It's a movie that I trusted the rating, but after watching it for 30 minutes, I yawned and got bored. I really can't listen to Yoona's dialect...
4,A too much healing movie. It feels like we've seen it before. It' an artificial healing film
6,It was nice because it was calm.
2,Are you kidding me? Yoona ate it up and became trash. You're beyond disgust at the horoscope work of the Holy Grail. a prize
6,It's okay, but in the video publicity campaign of '86,Modern kids don't watch illegal video clips.It's not that, but the video of collecting illegal videos, picketing, and explaining the original goods and supplies came out...The details are a bit disappointing.
1,I was fooled by the rating. View ratings in the latest order from
1,Every scene feels like I've seen it before
6,You're a hard carry! It's ringing like hell. A movie that would be great for families to watch
6,The last phrase, "A story that seems to have been heard somewhere and a true story behind the directing."
6,I enjoyed it. The actors' acting was very good
6,Lee Soo Kyung is the most memorable
6,I liked it
1,Please don't do it if you can't speak in dialect.The whole time I saw her, her accent was so weird that I was dying. Especially Yoona, please don't just do it.
6,It was an informative movie that showed that happened
1,I was fooled by Yoona's marketing
2,Park Jeongmin is a typical boring cliché in Korean movies
1,The story is really sloppy. The main character's genius character is also a bit tilted. Well, the physics genius doesn't know how to spell.
4,Why don't you add subtitles? You don't understand my accent
2,Another new drama.Can't you do a movie except Shinpa?
4,It's kind of a vain story
6,It wasn't as good as I expectedI don't know if I should watch this in theaters.  I think it's okay even from the IP... Well, it's a good thing that the Shintoists aren't forced.  Lee Sungmin's acting is impressive
6,K-style Shinpa Fantasy. The retro vibe was good.
2,Yoona is kind of...My face is a bit...Acting is a bit...
1,The story is like a Chinese movie... The probability is a mess.
1,It's a post from the preview, but the content is good and everything is good, but Yoona's acting tone is kind of disappointing.
5,If it was just like that'
6,I didn't watch it
6,a holiday family film
6,A movie that you can watch lightly. A slight twist of laughter and emotion
6,The reverse miracle was not the only miracle
6,Overrated. Stretching overall, except for witty scenes from early to mid.At the end of the second half, Shinpa's concentration was so cringe-worthy that I couldn't stand it. The OST and the scenes in the middle were like we used to see in other movies.
1,
4,Your soul is dead
6,It would've been better if I tried to make it sound less, but this is okay
2,What kind of parents raise their children in such a dangerous place?Even if it's from the '80s... There's an accident that's going to happen, and I'm saddenedTouching? That's ridiculous. Impression is that even if humans do their best, they are moved to overcome the pain when they are forced to do something.What the hell is he doing on the road where people are dying, so he raises the kids there...
5,I think it's a movie that tried to do too much but failed As the second half went on, Rahee's presence disappeared, and from the middle, there was no real twist, so it became boring. It would have been better if the story focused on either Rahee or Bokyung.
5,I watched it because of Yoona ㅠㅠㅠ
6,A familiar development of a common story, but nevertheless, the impressions of the actors' good performance.
6,When I made it nice and nice, it became watery.Actor Lee Sungmin's hurrah is the killing point
4,
4,I shake my head in the latter half of the story
6,Billy Elliot Dejavu?
2,Was it a ghost story? Fooled by a dog
5,It's soft and touching.
2,Wow, I have no conscience to make this into a movie I think it's rated because of Gyeongsangbuk-do caterpillars or local colors
5,be boring and cliche
6,It was a bit more boring than I thought.
6,I didn't expect it to be like this, but the acting of the actors who were flustered was very good, but the second half was a bit disappointing. I pressed it so hard to make it explode, but I think it would have been okay if I took it out
1,The reason why she wanted to make a movie train station with good visual beauty but very low story and probability was not convincing at all, and the scene where Yeoju was attracted to Namjoo was a bit forced, so her immersion level was broken
4,Video beauty and Kim Wansun. It's like watching a movie in the 80s
5,It's not that funny. It's childish
5,I didn't expect it, but it was pretty good.
1,It's like a Korean dubbing version of a clumsy Japanese movie. What do you want me to do if I bring Japanese drama or movie sentiment to Korea? I got the feeling that you're forcing your taste on others. I think you should learn a lot about the world and people in real life, not in movies.
4,My heart warmed up The end
6,I only liked the story of the awkward dialect
4,Nothing comes out when I try to squeeze it out
1,These days, if you add a bit of touching chords, you get 10 points. That's so serious
6,the miraculous sound of the landscape and the times
4,When I explain the plot of the movie to my friend, it feels like I'm simply explaining it. I'm not immersed in the movie because I'm not good at it. I'm bored because the part that causes forced tears is too long
5,a heartwarming movie
3,At first, I almost cried, but as time goes by, I squeeze out my tearsYou should've done it in moderation
5,Good to feel calm country vibes
1,My two hours have gone like a miracle.The rating is about 3 to 4 points.
6,It wasn't what I thought after watching the trailer. I think the target age range is clear.
6,A movie that the story avoided because of mis-marketing
4,It doesn't suit my taste
1,More than half of them are new
6,A movie that will bring out the emotions that are close to pollution-free
6,A warm family movie
5,It's sad that the two stories are separate
6,Was this really the best thing I could do? It's based on a true story. It's a fantasy movie with a true story. The actors' performance is very good. Rediscovery of actress Lee Soo-jung! Yoona's character is so unfortunate
4,Even the ghost is full of gods. It's a typical touching trick
5,It's a heart-warming holiday movie
6,Even if it's set in the past, it doesn't have to seem like it was made in the past.
6,The actors' acting is good
6,It was better than I thought
6,I liked the synergy between Park Jungmin and Lee Sungmin
6,Did I have high expectations? Full of regrets
5,The word of mouth wasn't good. That's allLim
6,a family movie worth watching
5,It's an old-fashioned movie with a good and fine texture
6,After the middle part, I felt like I was dragging my feet. I was a bit over-reacting to get moved
1,It's a miracle that this is a rating of nine.
2,It's such a touching movie. It's been a while since I was immersed in it. Strongly recommend
2,A simple plot. It's not likely and the content is zero. Boredom
5,Small humor, laughter, fresh emotion, excitement, and yawning in the ever-
2,It's fun without Jami
2,My sister died, but being alive like a normal person in the main character's head was a big obstacle to immersion. I think it is a probable conflict where the dead person talks in such a normal way and no one around him thinks it is strange for the main character to talk in the air. I thought throughout the screening that it was necessary to kill my sister's situation, which could be considered as a serious injury, although it could be overcome by Shinpa or a slight lack of probability.Except for the lack of possibility of suspecting that the main character who talks with his dead sister in good condition had mental illness, it was worth watching.
1,I was fooled by the ratingsI can't hear what you're saying with a clumsy accent, and I'm not impressed by it, and I'm bored to death from start to finish ㅜㅜ I throw up my golden time and money
1,Shinpa movies, go away!
6,Is this a fantasy?
2,It's just worth watching when you're bored.
1,Stop it. Venom 2 is 300 million times better
1,The level of Korean movies doesn't seem to change... I hope you don't see it because it's a waste of money
4,I was looking forward to it because it was a family movie, but I was disappointed. Younha and the person who plays the older sister changed the role. The person who plays the older sister is so good at acting. The most important background is the background of the time, but the clothes are from Seoul It's definitely the countryside, but the details are not enough. I remember the role of a child actor and an older sister. My intention is to squeeze my emotions too much. And if the main character is unrivaled, the movie won't survive It's my school days, but I can't get into it at all, and on the contrary, it's not about love. I want the director to see my comments To be honest, the movie is too plain for Korean movies. I know what you're trying to say, but I don't think there's any Kim Dong, and 500,000 is a lot. Personally, it's a waste of stars
2,If you don't like Shinpa, don't watch it Park Jeongmin wanted to come out to the theater from the moment she came out as a ghost
6,Overall, it was worth watching and I think it's a cute movie. However, Yoona's acting in dialect is cringe-worthy in several parts of the movie.I'm sure you practiced a lot, but it was a bummer. Abuji was so good at playing the unique blunt role of Gyeongsang-do. Tears welled up in the second half... If my acquaintance asks me about it, I think I'll recommend it even if it's not!!!
6,The movie isn't very kindIt just feels like I'm talking in a row. At first, an awkward accent really bothers meI was enjoying it, but it ended suddenly
2,The conclusion is that Naver rating is not reliable.It's not touching. The story is boring. What's at the end of the movie? I'm going to do it.  It's an honest personal review as an individual who watches Korean movies a lot.
1,It was totally boring. It's a setting where my dead sister is like a ghost, and the story is like an elementary school student.
2,Foreign movies are much better than watching things like money waste of money
1,You're fooled. I'm not going after the viewer's rating. If you want to see if you can get that rating, check it out again
1,The scale and production of a drama that can only come out in Hanwha is just to make it ring, and when do you use the all-round math genius character... I watched squid games and sangchi in the neighborhood, and this movie made me sigh. It's a movie from the year old
5,All the actors' acting was good, but the editing was weird, so it felt like the movie was being cut off
4,It's been a while since I saw a boring movieThe actors were crying, but I wasn't impressed at all
2,The part-time job in the comments is so bad
4,Just watching a Chuseok drama. The story is also very simple.It's not that touching either. Just ㅠㅠ
4,I was looking forward to it, but it was really bad.
2,It's a very warm and normal movie and Yoona is not good at acting
6,I don't have a role that doesn't match the actors' age.  A good movie is not a good movie with a boring storyline that is not enough to last two hours
1,At first, romance or fantasy in the middle, or Shinpa in the end. I felt like I got hit while coming out. The actors' acting was good, but if the theme was family love, why did Yoona come out? The story is too obvious and it's the standard of a new school...? ♂? A movie that hits the spot...
2,How can this be 9 points?  About 6-7 points is enough to lower the rating by 1 point
2,I'm so sick and tired of the forced Shinpa
1,Please don't watch it Please. Acting skills, story, probability. Even if I try to make a juice video, it doesn't come out. Dialect acting is weird. People will watch it if they see it, but it's my first time watching a movie like this I thought it was a touching movie, but I keep yawning People's reactions are really not ghastly, but they're not. They're just not impressed.
2,a typical forceful Korean movie
4,Maybe because I was looking forward to it so much, I watched it boringly! ㅠㅠ I can't believe the Naver rating.ㅠㅠ The actors' dialect is awkward and kind of forced. I cried because of the sad scenes in between, but it was not a very immersive movie.
4,It's like a long time ago... No, it's too..... It's obvious, it's male-centered, and it's only about first place... I don't want you to express yourself like a ghost.… I was looking forward to it, but it was the worst Is this a commercial movie?
6,The story is too long, and I want to be overly empathetic with the audience.Bored from mid to late. This is what the old Korean new wave drama was like...I thought of it again.There were some scenes that had a twist and were lively, but that was less than 30% of the play.
2,I can't relate to the 80's style.
6,It's a typical emotional story that comes out on Chuseok. Rather, there are not many such works these days, so they are nostalgic. Other than that...
2,After seeing all of this...I dare say "miracle".I talked to my friend a hundred times about going out.I'm sure there's something to be moved by.Touching, not funny at all.Even such a boring movie.It's been a really long time.What a waste of money
2,From the beginning, the main characters who failed to immerse themselves said Gyeongsang-do and Jeolla-doAt the very beginning, I thought I lived in Gyeongsang-do and transferred to Jeolla-doAnd lastly, I thought it was Cha Cha Cha in Gaetmaeul. I didn't like the line that all the people I love leave me early, but my boyfriend cried while watching it
1,The movie that shows the typical ground woman view of the others, the old ones who can't do anything if they don't abuse women in the family
3,Even if it is a period drama, it is a female character who will always be a muse for men in a movie made in the 21st century.The quality of the movie would be better without Rahee's character, which was thoroughly used as a tool, but it's such a waste of casting to use Yoona like this.It was impressive that the production was neat and clean
2,A movie that was obvious and boring because it was based on a true story. I'm going to skip the movie that comes out now
6,It is touching, but in Korea, the score of the new drama is too high.
6,To be honest, I couldn't concentrate at all because I watched the movie after seeing the controversy over Lee Soo-kyung's relationship interview.Is this why image management is important? I couldn't concentrate at all because it overlapped with Lee Soo-kyung's interview.  ㅠㅠ I saw a miracle in the voice only the day before.    Kim Moo Yeol's acting was no joke, but I thought of Kim Moo Yeol the whole time. - Yoona was good at acting. Surprised. - Lee Soo-kyung said that she was a misscast by my standards, and her acting was all right. - Such calm acting really stands out. It was a movie that reminded me of my family a lot
6,I felt like I was just trying to find a sad point...At first, tears flowed because of dry eyes.And... I was sad once.And... My eyes kept getting dry for no reason, so I was confused whether it was dry eyes or tears for no reason. I'm not sure yet.More than the movie, I think I just cried at the sad present.
3,Yoona is so pretty. The end
1,What is this? Is it a movie?
1,Definitely the worst movie I've seen in the last five years. I suggested to my wife that I see her, but it was so boring that it turned into a marital quarrel. I feel like I want to hit my heavy butt that didn't come out in the middle.
1,Just don't believe in the ratings for being so boring
1,How much is it per part-timer? I fell for the rating. A typical new drama. No, it's even bizarre beyond the Shinto school. My unique violin? Cello? Actors cry at this timing while playing BGM! The plot twist of the command line seems to have been made by force. A lot of cheesy parts. It's a funny scene, but it's a serious humor code of humor. I don't watch sad movies with my friends or family because I cry a lot even though I'm a guy. I watch sad movies alone when I want to watch sad things. I can't say anything. If you're reading this review, trust me and don't watch it It's just a stupid movie that won't come out as a holiday special
5,The sociopandemic is spreading rapidly.Let's have Nami say byeol-byeol
2,Everything is ambiguous, I want to get out of the middle and late stages, so my butt is shaking
4,Honestly, I think I was too greedy for the scenario. It's already hard to experience the fact that "villagers have to work together to build a simple station on their own + walk on the tracks to get to the village", so it's enough to add weight to the story, but what kind of setting did they throw the probability into space... The math competition's presidential talent is not enough to maintain his skills in the countryside, so my father, who has never been to Seoul, drives a teacher's car, closes the gate late for the exam, pushes it to the top of the nation, hits the top of the nation, and gives up the gate at the airport. Did he really want to use the miraculous motif that the movie set up with people's power, or did he just want to show Korean superheroes? Looking at the storyline going to the mountain, I felt like I was forced to tell sad stories when my sister appeared.  In many ways, it was disappointing. If I were less greedy about the script, I could have solved the movie calmly and beautifully
1,Don't use idols that aren't as good as Sejeong's. It's a waste of 0 point.
2,I felt like I was being tortured.
4,I guess he doesn't have any talent as a director a rehash of one's previous work Not funny.
2,It's a miracle. I don't think this kind of religious sect is gonna work.
1,Honestly, I felt that it was a new blue with a contrived settingFemale characters are all male-dependent, so it's a little uncomfortableI think it's a waste of Park Jung-min's acting skills.Yoona's dialect acting is like an overrun.I'm sorry for the bad comments, but it's my personal opinion
1,My mom likes Korean movies, so I gave up on 007 and she fell asleepcrying
1,The worst movie of my life. It's too obvious. I'm trying to squeeze out tears, but I never cry. It's so vague ㅜㅜ
5,This kind of movie
5,Lee Sungmin's dialect is a localIt's not anti. It's Yoona's dialect that interferes with her immersion
1,I couldn't be the only one to get beaten, so I gave him 10 points and it was touching and I was about to cry. GFRIEND's scene is like water and oil in the whole story. I'm not saying this because I don't like Yoona. What on earth does a love line have to do with a train station? What are you going to do about the beginning and the ending? The actors did their best, but they gave stars for rating adjustment.
5,It was really fun, especially Park Jung-min and Yoon-ah's acting was very lively. Good, firmly
6,I feel like I've been tricked by my GPA. Maybe it's because the twist came out too early, but I was forced to move since the middle...
6,It's a typical Shinpa movie that goes for a typical happy ending.I'm not impressed...
2,I feel like I don't know anything about the local dialect that is the background of the movie I don't know what the typical Seoul native thinks about the countryside I don't know what I melted in Gyeongsangnam-do dialect The only actor who used it well was actor Lee Seong-min and a true story in love story 99
2,Awkward dialect and boring story. That's the worstYoona doesn't even have the weight, but I don't know why she came outIt's a waste of money
1,It's not fun at all truth
6,A story of miracles, many miracles in our lives.
1,It seems that Korean movies can't be without Shinpa. I'm fed up with forcing myself to squeeze the juice out of the Shinto, is that a bone?
4,The last scene of the movie, which is so obvious and painted with Shinpa, is really... If you want to watch this movie because of Park Jeongmin's acting, please watch "The Watchdog" again
4,The actors are good, but...It's boring and boringGyeongbuk dialect is a bit annoying
2,I trusted Park Jungmin. It's just... It's boring
1,Well...
3,No touching, no fun, no killing time
4,The story itself isn't that solid, so I'm bored I was able to see the actors' acting skills until the end
5,The movie is fun, but I give you 5 points because of the Korean Shinpa.
2,I was very excited to go there because of my GPA. It's a very obvious story; it's my first time writing a rating. I'm disappointed.
1,I liked pretty videos sometimes, but why are they so boring?I wanted to come out in the middle
1,I watched it with my worst girlfriend at a car theater and it was so improbable that we both laughed the worst
1,It's a waste of 1 point. I don't want to watch movies with idols anymore
1,You should have refused to make a movie that forced me to be moved by OOO memory. This kind of movie is crazy
1,Oh my! Misook's acting is awkward
2,It's a shame to sit down if anything comes out of the mess!
2,I just don't understand why this movie is 9.2. All that's worth seeing is the acting of the actors, the clumsy production, the forced Shinpa, and the fiction pretending to be a true story. The ending is suddenly melodramatic, I just don't understand.
4,I liked the point of true story, but I was forced to do it, so it was loose and boring.  Dad and son's acting is worth watching
5,It's kind of boring, but it's worth watching
5,Depending on how you utilize the two inflection points.
5,Shinspa... It wasn't as good as I expected. It's very easy, so I give you an average score of five points.
1,a movie that is easy to sleep in
1,Comments. Except for some of the actors, I think it's important to see who comes out in the movie. I don't think this movie is good
6,Sprinkle K-Shinpa on the cooked rice. It would have been better if we could adjust the level of the last renal wave.
2,I didn't expect much. It was just like that. I'm glad I got a discount
4,The most disappointing movie I've seen recently.It's boring, it's not funny, it's not sad, it's not touching.It's like you're forcing a story
1,I was so touched... It's not fun. I almost went out in the middle, but Yoona was sitting because she was curious
4,Don't speak in dialect. Or do it well... Or learn from someone who's good. It's not North Korean. As if the director doesn't know any dialects
1,I think we need to lower the rating a lot
2,People are not interested at all, so I couldn't get a rating. I watched the movie introduction program and the rating, so I went to see it because it was a completely different movie. I have so many things to say, but I can't write them all. You promoted it like Park Jung Min and Yoon Ah were two top actors, but Yoona disappeared from the middle of the play and the movie genre changed completely. The first and second half showed only what they needed, and then they went by quickly, and I wondered why it was so long when I was getting emotional in the second half... It's a movie that makes you sigh and I think this comment will be filmed and buried because it's still rated high. For those who watched this, save money Please, neither the voice nor the miracle is a movie.
4,It's like a miracle. It's in the 9 points
1,The worst movie of the year; boring as a whole
6,It's not a very touching movie. Yoona is good at acting in dialect. She is good at acting as a child in "When the Camellia Blooms" and actress Lee Soo-kyung is also memorable. The story is just...
4,
6,Unprobable character setting and obvious rehash of familism. But for train lovers, this and that is worth seeing with blurred eyes. The actors' acting, especially Lee Sung-min and Park Jung-min's acting, is great, but I feel like I've seen them somewhere.
6,Shall we hesitate when the present in room 7 starts?
6,If there was no kiss scene at the end, it would be memorable, but it's just a movie about love story
6,I was looking forward to itI'm bored, so I'm leaving a comment while watching a movie T
6,The proportion of the new wave was too high
6,a rating of a part-time job What is the true rating of the audience?Should I say that it's not the emotion that comes out through abdominal breathing, but the emotion that you make with falsetto?It feels bland. There's nothing new about 70s and 80s?
6,My acting in dialect is so awkward that my hands and feet cringe
1,I'll give you 1 point because of Yoona. Dialect is so awkward that I can't concentrate
6,The actors' performances were good, but ghosts live + Shinpa
4,Are you kidding me?That's not funny at all
2,I thought it was a true story.a vain film
1,There's nothing to say about the storyBoring to make a movie out of nothing too much and worst movie in years ㅜㅜ.My mom who went with me to watch this movie said that there is no story and that it is not fun
4,Not really. The actors' acting and the screen were pretty.
2,I don't know what it's about. The story is all over the place. It's all mixed up
2,I don't know what's a miracle They say it's easy to make money these days. There's no probability and it's third-rate. The budget is better than this
2,I usually cry well, but it's such a Shinpa movie. I didn't even cry. Oh, tears came out. I got it when I yawned. Please do something else Don't watch movies
4,I was really fooled by the COVID-19 situation. I was so touched that I couldn't focus on the BGM. It's a story that's not likely. I fell asleep at the climax at the end of Lee Seongmin's explanation Oh my god
4,I found out the twist within 10 minutes of the movie. Should I say that it's that boring? But it was the best Korean movie of all the recent Korean movies
6,A movie that captures Korean emotions warmly! The story unfolds without being moved, but the last twist is too much... All the actors' great acting shines. Especially, Lee Sung Min's acting is amazing Surprised
5,Slightly dozing off with obvious plot and boring progression. At the end, it seemed a bit touching, but I couldn't even feel touched because I was tired of being tired
6,I think there's a lot of rating part-time jobs ㅠㅠ I didn't even cry. It wasn't likely. Why did Yoona come out? I didn't have Yoona's role to play.
2,I couldn't go out in the middle because it was a car theater. I've been thinking for two hours, "I want to go out", "Naver comments part-time...""Be punished"
3,A movie that's exactly like 3 points....-.ㅡ
6,I watched it with my family, and it was like a variety show.Is it right to say movie...It was like a variety show.
6,It was touching and everything was good, but the movie was a bit loose. The actors' acting was so good.
6,It's a movie that's worth watching with just one image! The color and background were so pretty. Actress Lee Soo-kyung's acting was so good, and it was a new drama, but I was crying a lot.
1,I get a really high rating. I don't know... Honestly, I'm scared to write because the comments with low ratings and the expression of sympathy is high. My family had similar thoughts with me. It's called a twist, but honestly, I knew it from the beginning. The emotional scenes are too long. A typical Korean touching movie.
1,Yoona's dialect acting was very awkward and unfortunate. It was a movie where actress Lee Soo-kyung stood out Park Jung-min also acted well, but I'm very disappointed with some of the actors' acting.
2,My insomnia has been miraculously cured.
1,a ghost story
1,Yoona is coming out. I'll trust you and skip it
2,Don't make this kind of movie. Don't make ratings. Don't watch low-budget movies anymore
3,I got a high score yesterday.The story was far-fetched and unimpressed. It's a waste to pay for it. If you want to watch a touching movie during Chuseok holiday, I recommend another movie.
5,It was touching but crucially boring.
1,I looked forward to the evaluation with my family, so I paid for it was... I'd like to get a refund.
1,It's a miracle that this script was released as a commercial feature film
5,The movie that was disappointing with the anticipated development and new wave
6,It is deceitful of Gyeongsang Province to use the cliche dialect of the Korean movie. It would be nice to watch it with my family
6,An hour and a half is boring...The last 30 minutes were touching and fun
6,So so... Why didn't you add some scenes from "Future NASA" with Yoona? The movie doesn't have a climax
1,A rating of 8.5 is appropriate
2,Korean-style movie with a story that almost touched me to kill time. In addition, there is no killing point in the beginning and second half of the year because of the sloppy and sloppy gag
6,It's not fun ㅠㅠ It was really boring.
4,I don't know why the rating is high.ㅜㅜ I was bored.Only good acting by the actors. Go see Mogadishu instead of a miracle.
4,Maybe it's because you directed "I'm Going To Meet You". I think you made that kind of movie, but it's a bit far fetched.That's disappointing
6,Korean-style Shinpa is a bit...
6,Yoona is really bad at speaking in dialect!Gangwon-do? The story is so boring and I was fooled by the rating
6,Um... Yoona's dialect acting is really weird.My acting is covered by my awkward accent. I hope I can only speak Mandarin in the future.
2,wait till the last minute under the mysterious title of "Miracle"?  A movie that only spends boring time 시작 The only twist I noticed in three minutes is a movie that is irritating to the forced Shinpa 느 What I felt: Let's not be fooled by the high evaluation of the comment part-timer
4,I don't know the key topicㅜㅜ
6,A movie that's nothing more or less than what Park Jungmin did
6,The country kid was the top student in the NASA test. I was moved by the fact that it was a movie. I was loved by Queen Yoona and the setting was so unrealistic. I was so moved by the fact that it was a movie. However, Bo Jung-kyung's acting was so good
1,One-man train station in Japan + movie Trainman Plagiarism http://mlbpark.donga.com/mp/b.php?p=1&b=bullpen&id=202108270059338110&select=&query=&user=&site=&reply=&source=&pos=&sig=hgjRGf21h3aRKfX2h6j9Rg-Ajhlq
1,No fun. I don't know why I have such a high rating. It's a waste of money
6,I felt like the director was too greedy There were so many topics I wanted to convey that I felt like this and that. Whether it was fresh love or the boy's family love, etc. But it wasn't the worst and I saw it well.
2,Kang Hoon's best acting movie. The main actors are old, so they're out of focus, and the script is all forced.
5,Fresh comedy shines, but the whistle is empty
4,I expected it because of the good reviews, but it's not fun...The story is about me being forced to cry a lot, but I couldn't even cryㅠㅠ I am satisfied with seeing actor Park Jung-min with retro sensibility music and atmosphere
1,Don't give me enough stars. It's for the killing time of the new school, but there are a lot of part-timers
6,But is Joonkyung a ghost?
3,From the middle, the flow and obvious cliché settings come to the surface. It's the first Minja station! It has been reduced to an obvious movie. Shinpa is the basic option for the Chuseok holiday. Why do Korean movies focus on tearful scenes and show them for a long time?  There was no great work for a movie that appeared a lot in the past.
1,Phew... It's made by mixing fantasy of a man with a new wave. I put all the female characters on the floor and use my mouth as a muse. Oh, I'm angry
6,For me, the story was too predictable and the persuasive power was so low that I couldn't get into it. I thought it was boring because the contents were too long that it would take an hour and a half.
6,My friend and my older brother went to see it.The story itself is fun, but it was hard for three men to watch the middle story.It's cheesy, so I think it'll be good to watch it alone.
4,It's kind of loose. It's a touching movie that you can only watch with your family
1,It's a miracle that it wasn't in the middle of the movie
2,How can this be 9 points or higher? Are they all people who have never seen a movie in their entire lives? What on earth is funny, touching and funny? It's a waste to give a rating of 1 point... This is really not it
2,Are you kidding me?It's the worst. It's not fun.Boring and wanting to run out of the movie theater
1,A movie that's really like a miracle. There must be no more tears for the actors to cry out. All settings exist for the writer to write at will.
4,Is it a part-time job in the comments? The clichés that were obvious in the latter half of the year were all really bad, and it was the worst movie in the past 10 years, but the only thing that I could do was fill up the actors' performances with this ticket money for a nettle month. I'm serious
4,Am I dry or are other people dry? get in trouble for boredom People who are moved by this might not be impressed, but they can't help but watch your beautiful glasses
1,The end of schizophrenia glorification.
2,I only remember Yoona's dialect acting.I avoided psychokinesis, but...
4,Personally, it's not fun
6,I was looking forward to the review. I guess you were looking forward to it. It was my first visit to a movie theater during COVID-19 and I was bored
4,It would have been better if it only included the process of making Yangwon Station, but it is regrettable that it seems that studying in the U.S. was more focused than the contents. Even about first love, it did not lead the overall atmosphere with a direction that did not match the 12 o'clock viewing price. The acting is good and the background is beautiful, but why do you want to put all of it in less than two hours of screen time? I feel sorry for watching Korean movies.
6,A movie that's not good or bad
6,Actors are good at acting, but Shinpa is the best
1,Smells like cow dung. Smells like chicken dung
1,I saw the ratings and watched the movieIt's so boring T
1,I was personally bored
4,Ugh.. Your rating is very high ;; I kept dozing off because I was sleepy
6,It's just a family movie for holidays
1,It's a waste of money to watch it at the movie theater, and it'll be perfect if you give us Chuseok specials.There's no logical persuasion of a ridiculous happening, just an emotional appeal to the audience
1,The movie I found in this movie by Billie Elliot, a railroad worker, and how many other things I've been working on...  Is this how Korean movies work?   Give me back two hours. Don't joke about homage
1,If Park Jeongmin and Yoona went straight to growth romance, they would have hit the bull'sThe author does something crazy The best performance, the worst story, the worst OST The ludicrous oculus
1,I watched the movie because I like actor Park Jung-min, but honestly, it's not fun. But it's a movie that all families can watch easily during Chuseok this year. But it's not fun. It was so boring that I laughed.  If you want to save your time and money, don't look!
6,It was obvious that the last production was so boring and that he did the story to forcefully squeeze out the emotion. The actors' performance was good. The last scene was too childish. I don't know why they set up ghosts.
6,It was fun in the beginning, but I think it was a little bit because it was so obvious from the middle and the second half. I woke up because I felt like I was picturing the main character as a patient in a ski resort.But I think it was not bad among the Korean movies I watched recently
4,I want to put in a twist, I want to put in emotion, I want to put in a new wave, I want to put in a relationship, I want to put in a true story, but the movie came out because I didn't have enough running time
1,It's not fun. I don't recommend it Don't ever watch this movie If you watch this movie, you'll regret it later This movie is really boring If you watch this movie, you'll waste your time. It's really boring I strongly recommend this movie Don't ever watch this movie If you watch this movie later, you'll waste your time I don't recommend it
4,Let's say you can understand everything with a cinematic understanding. The setting that his father was sitting on a freight train, of course, can be guessed, and an actor in his 30s can act as a first-year high school student. You can already understand your sister's settings through Hollywood's "Beautiful Mind" in 2001. By the way, That "sister" doesn't get involved in real life, does it? It's not like delivering Yoona's "tape" and finding the "tape" that's already blown away by the wind, is it? Why would a dead person intervene in reality? That's not true. Don't try to press it with emotion. And on the day of the accident, your co-worker built that setup and caught someone trying to get out, and you're not talking about it with a slap in the face. I know what you're trying to say, but here you have to put in a device and give me a cushion. The intention to explain too much at once is honestly amateurish. Whatever, anyway... I am.
2,I don't know what story it is.
1,There's not much to see
6,I got in trouble because it was the most expensive movie I've seen in the theater recently
6,The miracle of Lee Soo-kyung who saved the movie!
2,I can't register if the score is low
2,My father is so sadT
6,The story is like a Japanese movie and Yoona is pretty
5,It was sad and boring
2,I can't get into character later on
1,There are so many part-time jobs.Yoona's dialect acting was so awkward that I couldn't concentrate the whole time.The story is boring, too.
5,The overall story wasn't bad, but I couldn't get into it because of the actors' age And in the latter part, there's a sense of overdoing it's too much I think it would have been better if we cut the Shinto in half
6,I'm moved by the twist, but it's worth watching
6,It's kind of weird. He's trying to make it emotional.
1,Oh, it's a miracle that I watched it until the end. Give me my money.
6,A forced smile. I'm so touched.ㅜㅜ It's a romantic movie that satisfies men's dreams.I'm going to meet you now. I saw it because I liked it, but this is not good.T
6,It's nice to see your family, but...It feels like we're pressed for time.Kwangsoo suddenly disappeared...I could have made it better.
1,Acting in dialect was awkward and boring
6,Now it's time to throw away the excesses. The scene where the father stopped the train and picked up his son was really touching, but I can't watch the scene where he keeps dragging his feet.
6,The story is good and the actors' acting is not bad, but it's a little corny because it wasn't a movie to watch for 10,000 won.
2,I was watching and I went out.There are a lot of part-timers
6,Good acting, but common storyline
1,Typical Korean New Wave Emotional Movie... ㅉ
1,It's like a comprehensive set that's so touching.  a movie struggling to get the impression out of it  There were times when I was happy to see a movie that touched my heart, but none of these movies were touching, which seemed to provoke emotions by forcibly setting all the situations. It was the worst movie of my life
6,It was all in the trailer, and it was a little boring because it was forced to stretch out.It's a mixture of fresh love stories and family love scenes.I was really looking forward to it because the rating was good, but... It's just like that.
6,Is this Billy Elliot's homage?
1,The poster wasn't fun, but it's not fun at all. Dialect is awkward. I fell asleep while watching it
4,The acting is good, but the directing... I'm crying too much.
2,Boring, far fetched and out of the blue
1,Well, I just saw it. Before the movie started, I turned on the air conditioner so hard that I thought it was cold, but I found out why.I can't sleep when it's cold. Thank you for your consideration.I watched it with a discount from a telecommunications company, and thank you to the telecommunications company.The movie is full of unexpected charms.Comic scenes are sad, sad scenes are boring, and there are no touching scenes...The staff seems to be moved.I've watched the movie for over 40 years, and it's my first time to leave a review.ㅔ
6,I was so bad at editing. Yoona was good at acting and Lee Soo-kyung was good at acting like an old movie. Pilgu's crying acting is nothing to say
6,Classic, HelloGhost, Billy Elliot, Yoona seems to have forced herself to put in a humor code. Still, actor Lee Sung Min. Actor Park Jung Min. Acting
4,Yoona doesn't seem like a possibility at all in this story, but she just came out as a guest to add comic elements??? Whether the director is weird or the writer is weird or the writer is weird
6,It's similar to watching classical music. It's a chaotic movie because I like the chemistry with my sister better.I'm a little confused about who the heroine is.I think it would have been more touching if only my sister came out or Yoona was maintained as a friendIt's better to focus more on my family and sister and father... Putting in LABOUM songs is too old-fashioned and common... I trusted Park Jung-min and went to see it... but I was disappointed but Park Jung-min's acting was 5 stars
5,35 year old Park Jungmin and 32 year old Yoona play the role of 17 year old high school student, please be conscientious. I don't know if I came out as a homeroom teacher. It's embarrassing when I get caught with some of my classmates who look their age. And the background is from 1986 to 1988, and there is a scene of singing a song in 1989, a book published in the 1990s, and a transfer to a science high school opened in 1989. Do you check historical historical evidence or props details when you make a movie? I think you should get some private lessons from Bongtail. I'm a bit disappointed that this is a problem between the director and the art team. It was fun until the beginning and the middle, but I'm tired of throwing a new wave. And Park Jeongmin's character is too much. Overall, it is hard to hate because it is a good movie, but it has a low score because there are many disappointing points
6,The story was okay, but the dialect was awkward, so there was a part that broke the immersion in the emotionally decisive part throughout the acting And Yoona who plays Ra Kyung, I was disappointed because she didn't play well But I was satisfied with the directing of the actor and Park Jungmin
6,I liked the warm feeling, but I don't know why I talked to Yoona. The main story is about a relationship that doesn't help you.
6,The scene was a bit boring and I don't know what a miracle is...I don't know. All the actors were good at acting
4,Don't look. Where is Yoona going in the middle? Only you look charming Yoona is not attractive at all It's a typical Korean movie that comes out as a daughter of a rich family and is written like a tool and thrown away. Even without Yoona here, there's no obstacle to the story progress
6,Typical Japanese True Story Material
2,I hate my part-timers. I bought a boutique ticket. His acting skills and the scenery of all seasons are a waste...
6,Watch the voice of the movie voice~^^
1,Can't you make Korean dramas without Shinpa?It's almost 2 hours of running time and an hour is a new drama, so I forced myself to hold back what I wanted to run out of.
1,The rating of the first day of "K" movie
4,I saw it on Megabox as an early disaster relief fund That's a waste of money on disaster relief, unless you have a professional rating of 6 or higher The experts gave me 5.33 for no reason. It's just boring
5,At first, I thought it was small and fun, but after the middle, it was very boring.
6,A movie that doesn't understand 10 points... It wasn't bad overall, but I don't think it was a very good movie. Is it romantic comedy in the first half? Is it fantasy in the middle? Is it a family movie in the second half? I feel like I tried to put too much into it. Personally, I thought romance was the main character because I only saw the poster, but it's not at all. And the actor doesn't look like a high school student at all. When Yoona looks at least in her 20s, Park Jungmin doesn't feel like he can't get into character because he's a high school student Yes, he's good at acting, but... Also, the fireflies production was a bit far-fetched 스토리 The story and acting skills were outstanding, but most of them were not good...
3,I've had enough of this suppressionism.He's trying to impress you.I think it's such a low-level movie.Yoona's dialect acting is so awkward.
4,Yoona, there's not much to see except for the pretty one. It's not like Six Sense, but it's a bit of a twist, but it's also not probable. It's forced tears.
1,What do you mean, "Shinpa, Shin-pa?" What's the ending?
3,It was the first movie about Yangwon Station, the first private history in Korea, and expectations were high for the appearance of actors Lee Sung-min and Park Jung-min. The movie overlapped with the famous Japanese painting <Railway House>, but there was no depth as it was mixed with Cleese and Shinto. In addition, Park Jung-min was set as an amazing genius boy, which was unlikely, and getting close to Yoon-ah was somewhat awkward and uncomfortable. And I can't believe that Park Jungmin and Yoona are high school students.Of course, I thought there would be an adult, but I ended up in high school. Then wouldn't it have been better to cast a younger actor? The dialect and acting were good, but the actor and character seemed to wear clothes that did not match, so the story was plain, stood out, and the setting of genius was not convincing, which was overall regrettable.
6,A new wave of acceptance points in which the unnervingly functional style works conclusively.
5,A touching movie that you can watch with your family during Chuseok.
2,I can't believe I'm getting this result out of these actors.I have nothing to say.
1,Worst movie of the year.Apart from "acting," the characters don't agree at all.Lee Sung-min, who suddenly becomes a different personality, and Park Jung-min, who is set as a genius, are also not convinced. It's a very uncomfortable development and a story that I don't understand.You came to see me in a good mood, and you went off in a bad mood.Who wrote the script?I'm never going to see this movie made by the writer and the director again
6,Jjapaghetti, a total mess where everything but acting is sloppy. 1.When my sister's existence was opened, I had to stop using the character "Ear" (Ear x). I don't know what kind of genre this is. 2.The last determined wave of Shinpa was enough to come out only once. Since there are outstanding actors named Park Jung-min and Lee Sung-min, why are you wrapping it up as if it were a true story? 4. Why is Yoona here? 5. Comic Romance, Ghost, Sinpa... I think all genres that can come out came out. Especially the OST of LABOUM that came out of nowhere throughout the movie that was very annoying until the end
6,No, the rest is okay, but I don't know if the director was influenced by my previous work or if I had to ghost my sister. I think I could make a good story without killing her, but by turning her into a ghost, the story and probability became very low
6,A regular holiday family movie that just seems appropriate and doesn't.
2,It's not touching, it's not fun, it's just a last-minute scene, and I was dragging it out, but it was so boring.I watched most of the movies that came out recently, but they were the least fun
1,It's my fault to see Yoon-ah seduced. The worst movie I've seen recently. It's almost a scam featuring Yoona.
2,Recently, I felt that there is a Naver movie called "Grading Manipulation", and it's not just the music ranking manipulation, it's so boring
2,It's not an international market. It's not an international market
6,NAVER rating is also unbelievable..... The material is fresh, but the story is...  I don't know what you're saying in the middle.
2,I don't know if it's enough to get this grade...
4,I looked forward to it after the review, but it's a mythical drama to me이Lee Soo-kyung's acting was impressive
1,I don't know if it's because I only saw the poster and the Korean version of "About Time" and I was looking forward to it If you want to show your first love, you can't focus on the freshness of your first love, or if you want to show your family's love, or if you want to see the growth of a man's life, you can't focus because it's jjamppong If it wasn't advertised in the Korean version of About Time, it would have been a small movie Where is the Korean version of "About Time"... The emotions are completely different
1,I'm tired of the forced Shinpa. I'm sick of it
2,You'll get tired of being too nice
2,a two-point film It's hard to give two more points.
