어벤져스: 엔드게임
1,....no fun. It's DC now. I'm really bad at making Marvel movies.
1,It's a movie that doesn't want to waste the stars.It's so childish and almost beyond the story is almost over. I didn't expect Marvel to have such a lower level of movies than Korea. I think I should reflect on myself
1,3 hours of boredom, useless narratives are lined up in front of me The scene where I'm really bad at making action and gathering Girl Vengers is like I'm watching a real Power Rangers
1,It's really not fun. I was fooled by NAVER rating and bought it for 7150 won. Honestly, is this a movie? It's really not fun, boring, sleepy, cringe-worthy, and long running time. I'll watch this Volva Back to the Future 10 times.A real high-scoring level for this crap;; change the title "Sleeping Juggers: A game of sound sleep."
1,Honestly, it's not as fun as Venom 2
1,노It's not fun. It's OO's.
1,Marvel fans are number one, Big 3 and other hero fans are number one, Phase 4 is number one, which is a stepping stone to clean up the mess, and actor is number one, which is scripted and acted as an instant movie. If you want to waste time, writer and director.
1,Marvel's shallow national character is the same as the 2007 D-War cymbals' movie.
1,There's only a battle scene where you drag for three hours and then your hands and feet cringe at the end...Rather than seeing this kind of thing, I go to see a dc movie that conflicts with villains with personal philosophy and is dark, critical, and even workable...There was no 0 point, so 1 point even though it wasn't enough
1,Honestly, it's hard to say that it's a movie with great quality
6,Save the Black Widow. I'm gonna have to kill him
2,Stop the funeral! Ten letters
6,Personally, INFINITE WORLD was much more fun.I was terribly sleepy going back and forth on a time machine.
1,How can a movie be this boring?
4,....no way more than five dead kids saved Shiva.wtf
2,Worst film to glorify a drug addict.
3,A very overrated movie... Marvel is not a Cinema.
4,Honestly, if you watch it again, it's a movie that I made well and enjoyed watching... It feels like Captain America has ruined the future. I don't know if it's the director's respect or the actor's greed, but I feel more and more that Captain America is too much. Other than that, it's not like that at all. The timing was like that in Korea. Captain Marvel's original cartoon was cool. I didn't think so. But the change to hateful was due to their own definition in the position of the original and character gap. Looks like the two captains were trying to get away with the masterpiece. The biggest problem is that Captain America, which seems to have asked the original fans to honor me and send me off, will be the biggest obstacle to the story or Marvel phase in the future.  After explaining and understanding about the multiverse throughout the movie, you suddenly go to another universe and appear in front of it when you get old?  It's a nuisance until the end. Except for that, it's a really interesting movie. It's a shame and I'
1,Thank you. I quit Marvel because I looked like a beggar
4,Too boring. No tension.
4,Too boring. No tension.
1,I watched it reluctantly because they said it was fun. As expected, it was childish
6,Wow, it's long. It'd be fun if I knew all the characters in Marvel
1,It's boring at first and fun at the end
1,It's a childish hero with PC on it
1,It was fun. It was fun
1,It was fun. It was fun
5,When I first saw it in the theater, it was a masterpiece that shed tears at the taste of "Avengers Assembly" and the sacrifice of Iron Man, but it was a bean pod. The more you watch it again, the less complete the movie is. Aside from the talkative "Girl Vengers Assembly," Girl Three-tier Beam, etc. 1. After watching the movie, the movie's setting is understandable only when you watch the director's commentary. The director does not melt the movie description into the movie, but is doing it outside. As we cut back on the longer running time, the content that had to be explained was deleted too much. (Hulk Awakening, etc.) 2. Editing error. There are many, but for example, Antman and Wasps, who went to fix the truck, are stepping on the giant Cheetahs in the next scene, and Wasps went to assemble the Girl Vengers. I edited it too roughly to say that it was a jade tee.It would be difficult to incorporate many characters into one movie, but I think it should have been more sophisticated as it is a movie that completes a generation of MCU. Since it tasted like mulberry, 5 points
6,"Infinity War" means "end game"
6,The probability is serious, but I can cover it with CG attractions. The most unfortunate thing is that I had fun watching it at the end, but I lost concentration when I saw feminism on it
1,Captain America, there's no Thor hammer compatible gare
1,It's not fun at all right? Don't look forward to it
1,It's not fun at all right? Don't look forward to it
1,You really think this childish thing is funny?It's so cheesy
4,It's boring. I can't relate to it at all
1,It's not fun...
1,It's not fun...
1,Why are the lines so childish? Is this an action movie or a comedy? I don't understand why these cheap delusional movies are classified as scifi, why do the characters consistently change their abilities from movie to movie, and the ending is just as expected. Oh, my
2,I thought it would be more fun than I expected, but it's a little less fun than Infinity War. (Personal opinion)
1,It's so boring. There are so many commentsWhen Captain America was dying at the end, Dr. Strange suddenly broke through
1,It's not fun, it's not fun
1,It's not fun, it's not fun
4,The pinnacle of a rotten hero movie.Marvel is a factory that prints heroes. In my view, they are not heroes, but superpowers who are obsessed with saving the world...The true hero movies I felt are 1987 movies like assassination.
2,Is this fun? Childish... Only the people I like are Bo-saem
2,Is this fun? Childish... Only the people I like are Bo-saem
6,Too bad a piece to be the end of an 11-year story
2,It's a boring movieThe genre is dramaWhat action?There's a real part-time job score
4,Only for Marvel fans. Will this movie be remembered 20 years later?
4,It's not realistic at all. It's a movie that elementary school students go crazy about
1,The Worst Superhero Movie
5,INFINITE WAR was good. It's a force to travel back to the past.
3,Honestly, it's not fun... I enjoyed watching "Infinity," but it's good to go back to the past, but the process of solving it is dramatic and childish. Let's just wrap it up neatly, kill Tony Stark, and then...I keep going back and forth
2,What's so funny about this? I fell asleep while watching it
1,The title of the movie is 'Starc & Rogers', not 'Avengers'.  The other poor members who are completely used for these two and completely ignored for their characters...
4,It's ridiculous that it's rated higher than Infinity War. MCU will end up as a trend in a Western era, as Infinity War, who broke the cliché of traditional hero movies, has an impact. It's rude to compare it to a movie like The Dark Knight
1,You're like Thanos, but there's no movement in the army. Is that true? Iron Man, even if you don't flick your fingers, it'll be organized by the Avengers rally, but it's a horror story of dying by force. Dr. Strange. It ended after blocking the water. It's shocking
1,The directing and video quality were good, but...It feels like the story is going too fast.-- To be honest, I remember Captain Ong's Thanos and Captain Marble's all-female beauty
1,New Year's Eve, New Year's Eve, New Year's Eve.
6,I wish I hadn't buried Femi
6,I wish I hadn't buried Femi
1,Just eat the stew. It's not fun or touching
6,It's like going to the biggest "Marvel general reunion" in the whole universe and watching the All-Star Game. I respect the actors who have evolved their characters together until the end of the series. Anyway, a bouquet of flowers to celebrate the graduation of Earth Defense University!
1,I don't even want to see why they gave me money
1,Honestly, is it fun?Episode 3 was so much fun. Episode 4. I rolled up all the probability, but the rating is too high
6,As I don't like heroes, I don't enjoy movies like this. Then why did you watch it? Just in case. I have to fall into the character and have experience with previous movies, not just this one, but I admit that I am not good enough. There will be people like me who are not funny. In addition, the running time is long.
1,D.C., which is much better than this, is the best
1,Cliché and the audience going crazy about it.Marvel seems to have fallen into mannerism after all
5,I was really looking forward to it...I don't know what this is...Steve went to Peggy at the end and it didn't make any sense, what did you do with the Hulk mix? And why isn't there a funeral for Natasha? And the fact that the directors do it doesn't mean that a spy doesn't have to have a funeral?Thor Caboong is...There's nothing to say. The setting of bringing Thanos back in the past seems to be nothing but a spiritual victory. Overall, I'm so disappointed, and to give you even five points is to give it to you with the loyalty you've seen
1,Oh my! It's just the big taffy of the dog Marvel! ;-;
1,I started out boring, I've been traveling through time, and I was wondering if Thanos was having fun when he came back. The boring action continues and Iron Man dies suddenly. It's so boring and boring.
1,Are you crazy about group running?  Do you fly at a low speed because you don't want to fight Thanos first?  Where is Peter hanging?
1,It's not the grand finale.Is this the best story?
2,It's perfect for sleeping.Boring.
1,Avengers is a movie that can only be understood if you watch all episodes. That's my strength and weakness
4,The second movie I've seen recently that I've been bored to death and given up on it, typical of a broken and unoriginal Hollywood entertainment film.
6,It feels like we don't get along. It's just that all the main characters come out.
5,It was the least fun in the Avengers series.
1,Where did all the bait evaporate?
2,Without a time machine, the Thanos spacecraft flew in and what happened back in time doesn't affect realityCaptain Dunny is a movie without a story that appears as an old man
6,The visual beauty is good but childish.If you watch this movie after watching Interstellar, you can fall asleep.
2,I think I saw the worst movie
1,I don't know... action is really fancy and gives enough attractions, but personally, it was very childish.
6,Winter Soldier Vision's first appearance was so powerful that he faced the Avengers members alone, but as the series went on, a lot of new characters appeared and buried, and it was a pity that the characters were buffed like dragon balls. Son Orban Vetter Tracks was so powerful
1,It's like torture.
1,A movie that childish adults would like
1,I watched a movie in the movie theater for an hour in the beginning of my career. For your information, I watched the series, watched all the characters except Wonder Woman, and Marvel movies without thinking about 1.5 times before going to bed
1,It was a normal movie. There's no content, just a typical action scenes. Even that is graphic tteok-bokki. a waste of money
4,To be honest, if it was below my expectations, I wonder if Marvel could only show this much, and if I take out the last 30 minutes, there are a lot of boring elements. If I refute, Marvel bugs
1,I seriously don't understand this is a high rating. Even if it's fun for children, if it's fun for adults, the level is low. Movies like The Matrix and EQUILIBRILLIUM are real masterpieces. These childish movies are not fun
1,The best movie of my life ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,Honestly, it's boring and boring.I'm in my mid-40s, so I'm sure it's not fun, right?Everyone said it was fun, so I watched it, but I was half asleep
1,Three hours is a waste
1,
1,Honestly, Avengers is fun, but I don't think it's 9.5 points. Marble fans are going crazy in the comments, so to adjust the score, 1 point
6,10 years of farming coolly mixed up Big 3 characters collapse ending you sent me a mental breakdown Iron Man and called Iron Man at home coming? And if the director hadn't spoken in interviews, he would have been less blamed. Iron Man and Spider-Ae didn't know the audience. What happened to them? They were more pitiful than Pepper, Morgan's mom, for spending more time on Spider-Man
2,2 points for Marble Choong
2,Korea is like the Marvel movie "Ddonggae." Now, movies lose money in terms of box office success. Well, Marvel is like an elementary school kid, obsessed with box office hits. Still, it is a bit annoying and smelly to be obsessed with box office success while monopolizing the screens of movie theaters all over the world. So, I think Marvel movies are very childish and boring, and when Marvel movies come out, the screen monopoly is like a big company's products monopolize advertisements and stores and only sell themIn short, Marvel is dirty. Is this a movie? I think I just saw the level of 3D online games The level of young hourly wage insects
1,South Korea's
6,In Infinity War, there were many scenes of Thor burning with vengeance, and it was ridiculous that Thor became an incompetent Fatty. What's more ridiculous than Fatty is that Captain Marvel, who used to express it as invincible, has a huge proportion. I feel like I just put it in. I don't know why they put a scene where only women fight when they fight with Thanos together. It's like a service cut. Endgame ruined Marvel movies that have been accumulated so far at once.
1,I don't understand that this is above your rating for your name
4,As someone who has been watching Marvel movies for 11 years, people say Marvel is absolutely right, but Marvel movies are just big-scale entertainment, light-hearted, nothing less, and yet there are too many people who overestimate it, calling it a masterpiece Of course, I think it is Marvel's great advantage that Marvel movies can be connected to each other and the story is connected to each other and see interesting bait and attractive heroes, but the reason why Marvel movies can never be called masterpieces is because of their lack of probability and depth But the rating is a whopping 9.5 - far higher than the Batman series, which is called the best hit of the hero movie Perhaps the reason why this rating appears is that the affection of heroes we have seen so far has played a major role in raising the rating rather than the quality of the film.
4,I was so disappointed in Avengers. I thought about the ones in front of me and thought it would be fun, but I was disappointed in the last Avengers ㅜㅜㅜㅜ I wonder if I see a failure every time I watch a movie...Now I'm scared and scared to go to the moviesHahaha
2,What kind of bubble is this? Global bubble? The movie is confusing, space travel, time travel, people with that kind of technology fight with knives and fists.What the hell are those five gems... Is it a flash man? Honestly, the movie quality is for elementary school students even if you are an adult! Do you agree?
6,I didn't think he'd bring me back time travel
5,It's really boringI fell asleep three times while watching...And if you say that Avengers is the best and go out, you'll be swayed by anti-Americanism, pretending to be a waking citizen, right?
6,I think it's just...Am I looking forward to it too much?
1,It shows a story and cringe-worthy production boring moments that make one wonder how it got such a high rating
6,I have no choice but to watch...
6,It's a movie that people who don't like hero movies can enjoy
6,I enjoyed it~~~
1,Seriously, is this fun? It's an action movie, but the action is terrible, and the scenes that I made to make you laugh are all boring. It's like Marvel's dad who cried because he was touched by this
3,I was looking forward to it, but at the end, he's throwing three-hour dung
2,It's the best movie ever My hands are shaking
6,It's fun, but Marvel bubbles
6,You can watch the entire series for one word, "Avengers Assembly.
6,It was fun(Laughing)
5,A movie that succeeded in bibiming Korean people who peed on Avengers 2 with cheap graphics.You should only watch the highlights of this graphic-painted movie on YouTube.Haha
1,It doesn't make sense that this score is higher than Joker.
6,Compared to that series...
1,The smell of Femi interrupted my immersion when I gave him the gauntlet It's good bye to the PC and the Femi-infused Marvel
1,How can you interpret "see you back" as "look at the back"? I heard that he is not Park Jihoon. I guess all translators of the same age as him have good personal connections.
2,Jjamppong is boring
1,Bubbles... The Avengers are all boring.
2,Iron Man, be successful
6,It was worth watching.
1,The fact that this is fun... Sigh...
1,I don't know why it's funny. It's long and boring
1,Personally, it was boring.
1,Now I'm drunk on mcu pong and full of positive reviews, but will it be evaluated as a masterpiece even if I see it again a few years later? A particular actor's breath, femi, PC, sloppy storylines, sloppy settings, etc. Too much to lose
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? I gave you 10 points for Infinity. That's too bad. ㅜㅜ
2,I love the reviewBut it took me a week to finish this movie·I fell asleep in between and watched it whenever I had time. Wow!I'll see you again. No, that's not gonna happen·How can such good actors go there and make it like this?Oh, I'm disappointed. I'll never watch a rerun again
5,Captain Marvel's way of speaking is crazy
6,There were some boring places in between, but I think it was okay in terms of content
1,Their own movie that guarantees a good night's sleep for three hours
4,The beginning was boring, and the element of time travel was too obvious. But a Marvel-like finish.
6,It's a lot more boring than the previous episodes. I've been looking forward to it, but I'm
6,It's just that'Why do you kill Black Widow?
5,Personally, I think Endgame is INFINITE's rehash. There were many of the same scenes and the ending was a common Hollywood story that was too cliche. Hollywood Mead and this kind of action has such a poor story that the more you go into the second half, the less concentrated you are and too distracted.
6,The ending was so empty!It's too bad!
3,Nothing new, a series of rehashings, and childishness
5,If Hulk can control his anger, he's not funny. And I held back what I wanted to give Captain America a rating on the part that Mölnir uses.
2,It's unnecessarily boring
2,It was really fun when Avengers first came out, but now I am not interested in the content and the movie is not fun.
1,I don't know why these guys are crazy about movies.
2,What are the people who cry while watching this?
1,The epitome of Herrwood that doesn't fit my emotions
2,It's a boring bra that's far away from three hours
5,Marvel seems to be plastered with long running times and hectic CGs these days
3,I can't watch it because I'm so sleepy;;  I feel like I keep hearing things that I don't want to hear because I keep explaining humanism like the real world in a cloud-catching hero. The dystopian background, in which humanity has been halved, is already so familiar that it seems that there was not enough material to end.
6,Honestly, if it was him, maybe it was because the previous episodes were fun, but I was tired of the first hour
1,Usual American heroism and the pathetic people who go crazy about it
6,It must have cost a lot of money. I can't concentrate because the story is too distracting
6,A movie that only fans will like
6,I don't think it's as good as I thought. Money is not a waste
6,Everything about the Avengers. I was disappointed with the light.
1,As you watch it, you end up cheering for Thanos. It feels like the hero just enjoys killing others, and Thanos is more serious about the villain, saying, "I've done a lot of killing without feeling anything, and even if I save half of it, I'm going to kill you guys who are tied up in the past."
5,It was too crumpled to crumple up a movie that was forced to crumple up this and that to make it final I'm very disappointed. Thor Ragnarok is the only masterpiece in the Marvel series that can be a masterpiece
4,I just don't like the Avengers.
1,Wow, it's really boring. The storyline is ridiculous from the start, and it's all just a mess. As expected, the end is a kiss... The American movie was written by a dead ghost who couldn't kiss. I'm really tired. I've barely seen it. It's overrated. Anyone can tell there's a part-timer
1,Marvel guys always suck at Marvel movies. The introduction is so boring, and it's not like I'm immersed.
1,Iron Man 4, not the Avengers. Except for Iron Man and Captain America, the use of disappointing characters. I should go see the new masterpiece Interstellar again.
1,It's obvious. Probability is bread
4,I'm disappointed more than I expected
6,Kano-dosan and Dodo-soba noodles-스스주
1,I watched it on VOD at home and it was so boring that I watched it at 16x speed.  I can't understand how such a movie went beyond masterpieces like Avatar and Titanic.
3,The story has already fallen from the concept that a few shiny stones determine the fate of the universe to the depths of another world that cannot be undone. The second half of the battle was a techno version of The Lord of the Rings, ending in the original American style
5,The first bite is stimulating, but the more you chew, the more strange the texture is
4,Almost three hours of extensive running time, early and mid-term boredom, last-minute war scenes are worth watching. Infinity War is better
4,I haven't watched it yet! I'll watch it this week
2,I watched a movie that was so boring that I couldn't even give it away
1,- It's easy to shake off the Joseon guy. - Torampu and Disney
1,The last episode was much more fun, but this one was boring, so I fell asleep while watching it was watching
6,The Avengers 2 is the best. Most of the final episodes are very boring in the early and mid-term.
5,5 points. Less than or equal to the killing time.
6,I think the writer is a Dragon Ball mania
1,I dozed off after watching it for 30 minutes and honestly, I couldn't understand what it was about.
1,Honestly, I'm a little angry after watching it; lol, because of director José Rousseau and Anthony Rousseau, the previous settings and character narratives have completely collapsed.The directors know that well, so they don't like the nuance that they're going to leave Marvel after this movie anyway.
2,It's not as good as I thought.It's just... It's not cool.
3,No, Iron Man's last hero, but the scene where he catches a jap mob in 3 seconds, the scene where it explodes to Thanos in 7 seconds, and that's the end...;;; Why are you wearing a suit?
6,What I was wondering in the first scene was that Rhodesum body became rather dwarfed than muscle, which is why he declared retirement. Fingersnap pain and shock setting is thought to be setting for Rhodesum's retirement I still don't understand Capma, and I feel sorry for Thor and Hulk.Was C.A.A.'s ending best?
1,It's hard to survive in the public sentiment where you cry because you're truly touched by this
1,The worst movie I've ever seen in my life. Don't waste money
2,I don't like these graphic children's sublets, but I can't watch them till the end.13.93 million people saw it a lot. All the old ones with hair on them
5,I guess I was looking forward to it too much.
1,You're exaggerating a lot. Two hours of talking is worth watching, and less than an hour of war. Honestly, it's not as fun as the previous episodes. Give 1 point to adjust the rating. I think it's right in the 5-6 range.
1,Every time Brillarson came out, he was fine except for a little bump
6,At the expense of the "Heroine" and the restoration of childhood mischief.
1,Why do I think of Trump when I see an American hero like this?
1,One time, the missing people show up, the war breaks out, the captain shoots lightning with a hammer, Natasha and Clint jump off each other, and I fight to impress the audience
1,Iron Man, if you didn't have a black line, you could've gotten 9 points
1,I love you as much as one won
6,The process of time travel and collecting stones as if it were a good thing not to see them in theaters is boring. The last half hour or so of the re-battle is all
2,Poor Thanos. No more invasion of the Earth in space
4,I like them all, but why did you add Captain Marvel?  It's not probable. It's just like a velvety car that came out of nowhere. If you're going to come out on Infinity War and organize it roughly, or if there's feminism in it, it's going to be no matter whatsoever
1,Rogers participated in the Thanos War and went to the past on a time machine, so what does Rogers who fought Thanos become? Is it the limit of writer intelligence? Haha
6,Captain Marvel's flirting... I don't like it. Unlikable Marvel Characters
6,It's not the Marvel zone. It's fun
6,I want to see you again Save me
5,Honestly, if it wasn't good, there were so many strong heroes that I didn't feel desperate at all. Thanos looked desperate Even if you get stuck with one Captain Marvel, you make Thor really rough, and you don't focus on the heroes,
6,If you've watched the whole episode, you'll be able to enjoy it
1,I'm really disappointed when I watch a movie seriously
3,The days of hero movies are gone. The hero movie is too boring now. I don't feel any tension at all. Now that the actors are old, they've taken out three characters that need generational change. How much more are you trying to make?
4,I saw this and said "Yong-du-sam-mi"... Maybe because I was so shocked by the previous INFINITE War, the last end game was a little boring and I didn't feel cathartic... It was cool to see all the heroes in the ending scene.
1,The first one is good
1,What's so funny about this?
5,As I chased 10 rabbits, I couldn't catch a single one properly.
6,This series is getting worse and worse.
6,competitive in quantity rather than quality
2,I'll give you 2 points if you want to give me 1 point less. Seriously, it's boring and boring.
1,a dog-dirty puerile middle-aged disease movie
6,It's been a while since I watched a fun movie
1,Marvel will be forgotten in my memory
1,I'm going to give a rating for Iron Man
2,It looks like the Avengers and Justice League will have a unified championship one day. The fun is small. The battle scene is weak and the flash of miscellaneous recollections. a self-pitying production We want a flashy action.  The Essence of Hero Movies
3,I was bored to death The character narrative is going to jump, and what about the misconfiguration...  I never thought I'd spend two hours on time travel
1,I'm watching it with a cold because it's up today. Is this a movie?Don OO... Damn you guys. Help world hunger and refugees with this money.  three wasted meals
4,It's a movie that kids will like
1,It's Gaekoda. It's a movie
1,It's not fun. 123456
1,I thought I was watching Pororo movie in the morning.They spend more time trying to look cool, but they only feel bored and childish
5,That's not funny. Many of the actors who pay a lot of money have to be graphic-paintedI understand that two hours is a drama-like daily life, but the worst is not fun, but the running time is long. I took a nap, played games, rested, and watched it in a few days because there was nothing to watch
1,The Complete Version of Femi Marble + Femi + PC Bump Movie
6,It's fun, but it's boring
6,I watched Infinity War in the theater, so I paid for it with vod, but I didn't like the Ha battle scene, and there were a lot of boring scenes in the middle because it was 3 hours I was expecting too much, and I thought I'd rather have half the population disappear from Infinity War Less fun compared to Infinity War
6,INFINITE War is different from what? It's boring
1,Wow, Captain Marvel ruined all the movies.
6,Is this... fun?;;;;
1,Watch all the Avengers series and wait and wait for VOD I finally watched it. I was watching the movie at the end of Marvel, and I was watching the movie. If it wasn't the end of the Avengers series or if Iron Man didn't die, it would have been the worst ever Captain Marvel, please disappear
6,I was so bored in the beginning that I dozed off, and I saw the time slot in the middleOf course, considering that it's the last story, I think it's too loose and boringㅜ그래But the reason I gave you stars is because the last part of Captain is a happy ending
1,A very meaningful film customized to brainwash the South Korean people with bird's-eye bags in the Kingdom of Heaven
1,the exclusive possession of femi-coated otaku
2,It's really boring, boring, and even without action, it's just wordplay
6,The eyes of the Jewish people's appropriate worldwide dog-pigging movies are delightful; the Solka Avengers themselves are Iron Man Yes, yes
5,How can a person fly? Are you Superman? It's not realistic.
1,I don't know what's funny
6,I think it's compared to the previous one
1,Boring and kids movies are boring
2,The rating is ridiculously high, so I give you one star. It's very, very good for children's movies There must be a movie for children, but I'm not happy with the rating that seems to have crossed the line
1,Why would you watch this? I woke up from my sleep because I was bored, and I was surprised at myself penetrating Sinarao. I'm sighing. It's not realistic. I just made it for manias, but I don't know if it's an elementary school student who cried. He's either a mania like me or a curse word.
5,I don't know if there's an original cartoon of Endgame, but it looks like I'm mixing the Avengers with the Dragon Ball story. Right before the fight at the end, everyone gathered together, and Infinity War is much better, so it's a shame to finish.
5,Everyone says it's fun.Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? 3 hours is boring.
6,I'm not disappointed or surprised by the obvious scenario
6,It's just... It's like a calculated scenario. It can't be helped, but...
6,I watched the entire Avengers movie, but the lines are long and boring.The message I want to deliver in the movie is good, but the genre is blockbuster, but it is too boring and bland.
1,I almost died of boredom.
2,I thought it was Iron Man 4. It's unlikely that Thor stepped on the narrative. It's ridiculous
4,The probability is terrible, and it's amazing that it's 9.5 now
6,It was fun, but the probability was weak. If the hero's personality was weak compared to the in-war, I thought we'd fill up the Marvel Pong in the last assembly scene, and the speed of running = Hulk Run = Iron Man Flight Speed
2,People who are not Marvel fans were bored. Explanatory people are on the rise
2,People who call this a life movie don't deserve to see it. "Do you miss me?" I can't believe you like the video of "Give me the money". I know you want to be trendy, but don't act like you're full of something like this. It's ugly.
1,I've seen it since it finally came undone; it's too loose in the beginning and it doesn't seem like a three-hour running time. Infinity War was more fun.  Why did Black Widow, Iron Man die without justification?
2,What are you talking about?It's better on the news, but it's a piece of crap.
1,Why is a movie so boring?
1,I was surprised that there were many actors who were criticized for their personality problems because American jokes were not funny because they were all the same as any hero movies
1,This is what a movie without a script is like
2,Too much childish jjamppong movie... Last time, I got a lot of capital back because of the bait. I did more than one of the Marvel movies, but this time...
1,노No fun. Don't watch it. It's not fun I slept well
1,It wasn't fun this time I really don't recommend it It's a waste of money
6,I like it up to here
1,It was so boring that I got angry while watching it. It's a miracle I didn't doze off.
6,Don't ask the scenario. Don't ask. This is the level of movies that cost a lot of money. It's money and effort spent. A rating of 6 is exactly that level.
2,You ate a lot of PC
1,Are you out of your mind, down there, in your July 22 rating, that this movie has crossed the ring? Are you young or are you brainy brain?
6,You're not dragged around in this series
2,That's too long. That's enough
1,The days of Marbleworm are over now ^^
6,I expected something spectacular, but as I focused on the development, I felt like I was just laying out the plot...
6,It's my fault for forgetting that it's a country of dog pigs and having high expectations. What was I who watched exactly 21 movies for this movie alone? There was too much to show. If there was a sense of moderation...
4,It's a forced, childish development. The original Iron Man or Infinity War was much better. I watched it for about 2 hours and I couldn't concentrate because it was boring
6,I think it's my first time dozing off while watching a movie, but I don't mean that it's not fun
6,This isn't it...
1,Hero movies are really boring.I just slept
6,I guess my expectations were too high.
6,Why aren't you having Natalie's funeral?
6,I had to watch it because it was a series, but there was nothing left
6,I didn't expect much because of the previous works
3,The first two hours are scary and the second hour is worth watching. And honestly, it's a bit childish
6,Good, good, good, good, good
1,It's not fun. It's not fun
4,It's a role that the captain has to play.
6,It's so fancy that there's no time to rest lol
6,As much as I expected, I was disappointed ㅠㅠㅠ
6,I just got some on my PC
5,Maybe it's a matter of casting an actor, but there's nothing to eat
5,The story doesn't make sense as I tried to make all the main characters of the Avengers appear. The main characters have to come out one by one, so it feels like we're getting a gift from the Avengers. Not good or special.
6,I enjoyed watching Iron Man movie.
6,Great! Look forward to the more fun series
1,Without Captain Marvel, it would have been a perfect movie and the only part of the far-fetched actresses' total offensive was goosebumps.
4,It's boring and too long It was hard
6,It's too long. Avengers 1 is the best
6,go out and outOh, my
6,I like kids, but it was kind of boring in the beginning
6,The Marvel series is more than I expected.
2,To understand this, you have to watch the entire Marvel series, and it's not that fun to spend that much time, effort, and effort It's so cheesy and childish that I'm so dizzy that I wonder if I'm sitting in a movie theater to watch this an instant movie
1,I'll just send Hawkeye when I give my soul. He's retired anyway, and he doesn't have a presence. You're sending a black Widow with a good figure
1,Why am I so bored after 30 minutes?
1,I watched it with loyalty, but it's not funI'll never give you my time and my money
6,Honestly, was it because my expectations were too high? It wasn't very interesting... It's a bit disappointing...
4,And game. Let's stop.
1,The end of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. There's only a downhill road ahead.
6,I didn't watch the whole series philosophical
1,It went as far as it could be expected.It's like watching a rerun
6,It's a bit disappointing compared to the first episode
1,I'll give you 1 point because you suddenly put in the "A-ssa-ganism" scene.
2,The most boring Marvel series
1,I think it's time to change the childishness
4,It's boring and worse than I thought
5,It was kind of boring. It's too unscientific to solve quantum mechanics.
1,I'm going, I'm going, I'm going
6,It's sad that it's the last one, but you've worked hard
1,The reason why I give 1 point is because I am a fan of Marvel but I am sad that I can't see Iron Man anymore. I always send Iron Man, the number one hero in my heart, and I give you 1 point like 5 points.
6,My son was sad and cried I enjoyed it
2,By the way, when will it be over??? It will be released in a year
6,I enjoyed the movie
4,Bored OOO line, story is terrible, Thanos is nuclear! It's only fun when Thanos comes out
6,I hope that our country can make a world-class movie with these ideas and IT technology
6,I'm sorry, but I dozed off and fell asleep I didn't even know who Thanos was Evaluation is reserved
6,Aal is fun
4,Honestly, it's not fun. It's all convenient
1,I hate it as much as Marvel 11112223333444455556666.
6,I'm so sad. I'm watching all the previous episodes
6,People kept dying and crying
6,I can feel the American way of American style
1,A hero movie of deep-rooted evil...He's always joking around with hero movies because of his unique characters
6,The introduction is less than Kim Infinity War
4,It's fun, but it's a little long
1,I think there are so many people who don't have any self-esteem when others say it's fun The probability is so low that I can't tell the story. I don't know how I can get 9.5 pointsWhy did Belir come out? Iron Man does everything
6,Oh... I was really looking forward to it. I think it'd be more fun if you watched it from time to time. It's a waste of my efforts not to give spoilers.
1,The setting of quantum mechanics going back to the past was a bit... Honestly, I'm really disappointed. I try to be a fan of Marvel, but it's too much
1,No fun at all. 3 hours was so hard. I'm going to watch Aladdin
6,In the words of a hero who protected mankind
1,Cheap commercial movies are a waste of stars
4,I think Infinity War was much more fun
1,3 points`21321312321321
5,It's fun to watch, but it takes more than one or two movies with holes
6,Was I the only one who wasn't as good as I expected? Did I expect too much?
3,It's three hours long, but I turned it off after 20 minutes. The subtitles are weird, so I don't know what I'm talking about, and I don't know the story of what is because I haven't watched any Marvel series. The screen is too dark. What do you mean 3 hours? I'm going to get tired of it before I even see it.
6,There's a jam. Marvel is definitely "Simabble"
4,It's a big movie. I'm looking forward to my next work.
2,Character collapse... Natasha character consumption
1,That's a maniac score.It's exactly 7 points.
4,It's more fun and boring than I thought
1,The more you think about it, the worse the director/family appears, the more insincere and childish the characteristics/skills/nuffing the other characters, the worse the director's output/writer's level is.The Rousseau brothers should have directed only the Winter Soldier.
2,It's so long and boring. You just have to sleep and watch the part that comes out as a beggar
3,a movie full of PCs It's the woman who saved the Earth? Black becomes America's guardian? I was touched by Thor meeting his mom. 3
2,S, M, N, N, N.No, no, no
6,It's not that good.Hah!
2,Gaadaramabasai Shunshin
1,I enjoyed watching it so much, I was very moved
5,Did Thanos make it if it was half as good? What if the director and the writer say something different about the ending? How many characters did Rousseau screw up?
6,The most overrated movie of 2019. It's like the people of the former Soviet Union waiting in line to taste the Big Mac.
2,Boring Dragon Ball Arrogant
6,I enjoyed watching it, but the story is really all over the place
6,Something that Iron Man fans would like
5,It's a movie I watched with my son. It's so much fun
6,The beginning was so boring but fun
6,When I come out after watching a movie...I felt empty.Too bad I can't see them anymore.
6,The final version of the bubble Marvel movie. Honestly, it's not funEverything is boring and boring except Winter Soldier Civil War.
4,Good bye, Avengers. My age goes in
4,I enjoyed it Haha
3,This is not three points. I want to give you 3000 points. (I love you three thousand♡)
2,Elementary and middle school boredom. The last one is fun. I almost fell asleep
4,I was bored to death. It's unnecessarily too long
2,Not funny ㅜㅜ The worst Marvel movie ever
6,I'll believe it. The only story was the movie that killed the head with the story
5,Good, good, dog, good, yeah ㅠㅠ
2,I felt that the movie theater was not full of spoilers and rhinitis, so I was not moved at all, and it was not fun because I was angry. I thought I should turn off the lights and watch the movie alone at home. I felt that the screen was not everything
6,If changing the past can't change the present, how did you meet the captain, what's the speed of the hulk running when you go to a fight? I don't want to fight. Are you a fool?  Of the odds of 1/14,000, is the rest Tony's chance of winning without dying?   It's weird to lose just by looking at it
3,As expected, masterpieces are not fun, only interesting when both sides fight for a while, but I get bored again, almost 3 hours, boring.., what!!!
1,To be honest, it's too exaggerated
1,It was boring and boring
5,It's not fun, it's boring, it's just a hero's battle.
6,It was so-so. It wasn't a bad movie.
1,I watched all Marvel movies, but it was the least fun. The ones that came out until now are mixed together, so it's not this taste or that taste. Money is money, but it's such a waste of time. People who give 10 points don't understand
5,I guess my expectations were too high!
6,My parents slept on both sides at the beginning of the movie. They said they watched all of INFINITE War.
1,Phew... It's flashy. But that's all. I don't like hero movies like this
1,I think it's the worst ending because the story is so sloppy. For reference, it was an objective evaluation without self-interest as a person who watched all Marvel movies.  Captain Marble and the girls get together and rush at the enemy, and it's very annoying to see a Femi movie
1,I brought stones with me on a time machine and saved the heroes, but I added unreasonable content because the story was disappointing.  Thanos of the past comes through the time machine and shakes off all Marvel heroes. There's even Captain Marvel compared to the previous one Thanos without a single stone?
5,The boredom of the end of the movie is beyond that of the third half of the third half of the Lord of the Rings...
5,It's more loose than I thought and less energetic than the previous one. Rather than the sublime of heroes, I thought it was time to go and end. In the end, heroes had human figures, too.
4,It's a perfect movie for you.
6,I don't really like this series, but it's fun even if I watched it.
4,It's a little weird to think that Yondu's death is more delicate and meaningful than Tony's death in Marvel
6,I think Infinity War gave me a strong impression...It's a personal opinion, but an unsatisfactory ending...
6,I enjoyed watching it for 3 hours~~~^^
6,It's not as bad as the rumors, but it's pretty good to have a reputation
6,It's a good movie for entertainment. However, it feels like the back of the series is weak. I wish I'd put more effort into the last battle scene
6,If I watched this movie from the first episode, I think I would have enjoyed it a lot.
6,I watched it with my kid, but it's a little different from our time.At the end, it's a little sloppy.It's a shame it's over.
1,Is this fun? I don't understand. Is it because it's a hero mall?
6,Why did Captain Marvel come out? --ㅡㅡ
5,Did I look forward to it too much? Is it because I got a spoiler? It's less than half as fast as Infinity War
6,One person who has nothing to say
1,Marvel movies = violent movies
1,To be honest, I didn't expect it.   He talks a lot, and the action is not good enough
6,I think children will like it
6,The poor man who kicked Infini War's stronghold at once, and to wait two hours and ten minutes for a 25-minute battle in the second half, his body and mind have already been robbed and he can only hope that the movie will end soon
6,She's such a cool woman. I want to be one too
6,I really enjoyed the movie. The last one is Iron Man How many times has this been brewed?
5,I don't think it's possible because I haven't watched all the series. I didn't like the cringe that came from trying to finish all the characters ㅜㅜ I was a bit disappointed because I was looking forward to it.
4,I don't think it's that fun
6,Not bed, good bad, yahohoo
1,I used to be a fan of Brillarson, but I decided to skip all of his films.
1,The dirty doenjangs were like an angel copying 3,000 mantes, so the movie was all considerate!
6,It's kind of boring...
6,It wasn't fun when I was in my 50s
6,It was the last movie of the hero movie.
1,It's worth watching the movie for 20 minutes, and it's boring and boring...Honestly, 300% less fun than the previous one.
6,(G)I-DLE's movie! It was so boringㅠㅠ I almost came out in the middle! I could concentrate on the climax for about 20 minutes!
6,If it's not an endgame story, I'll add a few more ㅜㅜ
4,It's a movie for kids or maniacs
6,하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하하
1,It's boring and it's a 1.2.3 storyline. Why isn't there a zero?
2,I don't know what's funny. It feels like I've seen a documentary twice. --ㅡㅡ
6,Infinity War was made so well, and in the end game, the battle scene was too short and there was no tension as much as in-war due to the sudden collapse of the character. I'm watching it at IMAX to see a big, colorful battle scene. I'm not going to watch boring dramas
6,Bored with incomprehensible content
6,For me who doesn't like American heroes, I was bored in the beginning and gave the scenario and probability to the dog
1,It's not fun because the proportion of Gaogal characters is small. Please end the Avengers series and make more Gaogal series.
1,I couldn't save all the characters. It's a movie that only a few survived. First of all, why did you have to use Hawkeye like that, not to mention the female characters. Thor doesn't need to add.
1,A thorough commercial movie. Was it really fun?
6,Captain America, Stephen Rogers, Tony Stark, Iron Man
6,It's not bad It's fun
6,I guess I was looking forward to it a lot
2,It's just an American movie - a little bit of rubbish
3,I love you 3000... I'm sorry if it's too muchㅜ I'm sorry
6,Bored, I don't know what you're talking about, and it seems like you've been waiting for two hours to see the last war scene.
6,I enjoyed watching it. It was a clean finish
5,It feels like I endured the last 20 minutes of the battle
1,It was an interesting movie. The time was 3 hours
4,It'll be fun if you've seen all the Avengers exhibition series. The production cost is likely to be over 90 percent for actors. Lastly, I feel like I ended up giving a bonus to the actors.
2,Is this a movie?try to run out a few times I've seen it through...
1,Wow, seriously, this is the heaven of part-time jobs. There are 13 million boring people who don't have a story made with money in CG. What is our national character? If others do it, I eat rice cake soup ^^
3,I love you as much as X1000 Marvel
5,I thought you were watching a documentary in the beginning
3,Boring start and boring end!
6,Death is meaningless if it's a time machine. You can always bring it back to life
5,I liked all of them, but Marvel is going to be a movie because of CP
1,It's good. I'm satisfied Very good, good, good
6,an easygoing entertainment film
6,I'm bored at first and then quite a long time
1,I watched it twice. I just slept once. No fun
6,I dozed off because I was bored in the front part, and the back part was worth watching I don't know if it's because I'm not a fan of Marvel, but 3 hours felt really long But I don't regret watching the movie
2,If you haven't watched the series, don't watch it.boredom drives one crazy
2,It's not that fun. It's so crude and boring
1,A movie like fast food might be the best for someone
2,I just don't understand why this has a high rating.If it was a boring three hours, I dozed off in the middle.It's dragging and it's cool at the end
6,It was Marvel after party.
2,Honestly, 6 to 7 points is just right
2,It's really boring and full of cliche. The worst... Yawning... Yawning...
2,a boring new drama I'm not sure why this series is so popular.
6,It was a bit disappointing because there were some setting errors, but it was a fun movie.
1,I wondered if the movie that marked the end of the 2011 epic could have been such a failure. I was embarrassed because there was a hole in the cabin all the time. I wonder why they made it loose and if it's real, I can't make it look like a hero, but I'm standing in a line and crying
1,I watched it with loyalty. If it was a solo movie, I wouldn't have watched it
1,Very disappointed. Marble is going down the drain.I don't like the action either.It's a waste of money if you watch this.See you after the show.
2,Why am I so bored? I can't wait to see the battle scene
3,I thought it was Dongji. The Rousseau brothers were second-round creative fangirls. I think he went to this kind of development so that his fans could feel his love for him, but he destroyed all the meaningful lines, narratives, and characters, and made his own bloodshed appear on the camera, so I think it's really not his playground. Why is it a box office hit?
4,Why do you finger snap when you're dying? Can't we just fight with gloves on?
6,Except that it would have been better if Femi was put in just the right amount, and that it was crazy about Femi, I really liked it. I'll look forward to Spider-Man 2
4,It was boring than I expected
1,The two-hour introduction to the final duel was so long and boring that I thought I was going to die. The movie time was so long that I almost hit my butt.It's a waste of a single star
1,I've never seen such a boring movie.
6,It's not as fun as I expected.It was a bit disappointing.
6,INFINITE was 10 times more fun. This isn't even a documentary. I'll cut it and endure it
1,be no fun at all
5,It's a fan service movie. It's a storyline. She crushed the female characters. At the end, I gathered all the female heroes. I did a good job, right? I'm doing it. I can't believe it ended like this. But from the standpoint of Marvel, it reminds me of the old stories and it's just a movie for Chupal
6,Infinity War was so much fun that I was looking forward to it, but it didn't come up to my expectations
5,It's fun, but I slept well at first
2,It's not fun. But strangely, 3 hours goes by so quickly
6,It's fun to go to the spring together
6,A movie that you can watch in 2D rather than 4D...
5,I don't understand why people pay to watch a movie like this
2,I was bored ㅜㅜ I fell asleep
4,I'm one of the people who watched all Marvel movies This Endgame is too ridiculously pretending to cry and to look forward to it a lot.ㅠㅠ It's sad. I've seen it twice. I gave you such a low rating. Would it be too much? Anyway, maybe it's because I've been looking forward to it a lot... I'm disappointed... ㅠㅠ
4,Is this a movie that will hit 10 million hearts?Maybe it's because I expected too much ㅜㅜ Why is it so childish ㅜㅜ There are two things that make me cringe ㅜㅜ It's really not good ㅜㅜ It's not a part-time job
1,The action, touching, and story were weak.
2,It feels like I watched a long evening drama for two hours and the action movie is no different from the first one.I don't understand this is a rated and over 10 million movie.  Is it a marketing effect?
1,?? They're all messed up Is it okay like this way?
2,Honestly, it wasn't goodIf you've watched the entire movie, you'll enjoy it. The movie time is long and there's not much action scenes
4,If you know how to read Korean, I was sick and tired of why you said it was fun
2,I hate foreign movies like that!
5,It was less fun than INFINITE WORLD because I was looking forward to it.
6,Was I the only one who didn't expect...crying
5,Honestly, I was bored.  Infinity War is more fun
6,It wasn't as fun as I expectedThere were a lot of things that were unfortunate thingsT
6,There were a lot of people who said it was fun, but there weren't many action scenes, so I thought I'd watch it or notThe latter part was a bit boring in the beginning
1,It's a no-fun movie
2,Marvel will soon be ruined like Star Wars, and because of the Disney family policy, the female police officer at Daelim Station will be able to sympathize with the universe. Phew ㅠㅠ
1,It's not fun to watch Girl Cops. I love you as much as Girl Cops 6969. (Meaning it's twice as fun as Avengers)
2,Joe... Clothes... And... It's not fun
5,Except for the last battle scene, everything was bad
1,The least fun Avengers. Bored in the beginning
6,Well, then... it's kind of a jam
1,I slept because I was bored.
4,At the end of the story, there was a bit of a moving part, but overall, it was boring. Is it just me who felt that it was a low-quality work?
6,Why is Captain America holding a hammer because it's light?
3,영웅들만 잔득나오는데 너무 산만하고  스캐일은 크게한다고 했지만 볼것도 없고스토리 중에 자신들은선을 위해서 인류를 위해서 노력한다는 발상부터가너무 좀 웃겼음 초반에만 집중했고 보지말아야할 영화  슈퍼맨 하나오면 다 정리될걸 정말 열심히싸워요
2,It'll be fun until elementary school
1,I'm worse than Aquaman. He tries to force the characters to look good in every scene, but it's childish and makes them unable to open their eyes. Compared to Gaogal and Thor 3, it's a movie with nothing but the fun of gathering of heroes
4,Avengers is the best ㅠㅠ
6,All the previous Marvel movies scored 10 points ㅜㅜ as a big fan of Marvel. Should I have done the ending like that? It's too bad that I can cry even if I have a happy ending in my life. Personally, the ending that I wanted was to make everyone happy.
1,Why are you paying for this and saying it's not as fun as the cartoon you watch at Spring Kindergarten?
2,The last series is really sleepy. I'm so disappointed. Is everyone a part-timer? I'm a real rating as an Avengers fan
6,With the levels... What's up with those guys who give me 10 points?
5,It was just like that. I liked the last one because it was so full. But the rest is a mess.
6,Compared to the previous one, it's not that great. I have high expectations
3,I like Marvel, too, but...This movie was really boring personally. The scene where everyone was touched at the end was also predictable - I don't know if it's because I'm not a big fan, but I just leave a comment as I feel.
6,To be honest, it was boring compared to the previous episode, and the battle scene was also a familiar scene that seemed to have been seen somewhere.
1,It's fun. It was so funny I almost followed Iron Man Black Widow
6,To be honest, the prequel is much better for fun. It was mandatory to watch it last, but it fell far short of my expectations.
1,Lack of probability. The first wish is to get rid of Thanos, and then a strong character like Hulk can revive his friends. Stark, a genius, can't be that bad at calculating. This is a one-sided forced breakup by Marvel, so it's not touching at all.
1,This is fun??  This is crazy.  Torture doesn't have this kind of torture.
1,Put it down. Put it down
1,What's all this fuss about? I'm sleepy
5,You're lucky you're the end
4,There's no story, there's no emotion. Why is this over 10 million?
6,If it was just like that, there were a lot of boring things boring
1,Captain Megal is being punished by Thanos even if he decorates;; the way he talks is like an emotionless psychopath, so make sure to wear a funeral costume when you watch a movie. That way, it'll be less uncomfortable when it's over
3,It was pretty boring, so I endured it.
1,You must have gone to watch this again. ㅉ 인 Ugly outsider pretending to be an insider, nursing assistant
6,It was a bummer and obvious ending There are a lot of things that are unclear
2,It wasn't as good as I expected
1,Worst movie ever! It's a waste of 1 point.
1,The immersion was broken from Thanos, the absolute ruler of Infinity War, being easily handled. I miss the tragic element of Infinity War.
1,In the beginning, I felt bored a lot and in the end, I felt like I was watching the Lord of the Rings.
1,It feels like I'm forcing myself to make a story.A movie that makes me feel bad after watching it.Disappointed. I don't want to see it again
4,It's not fun. Marvel is not good
2,I watched all the Marvel series and thought Infinity War was well made, but this one is not that good. The rating is too high. Captain's got a hammer. He's got a lot of thunder. Captain Marvel looks the strongest. It feels a bit different from the previous ones
6,Infinity War has 10 points, but Endgame has 6 points
1,Everyone's overreacting. I saw it because you recommended it. It's so childish. As in the first part, the front part is boring, and the back part is fighting. In what part is this movie legendary?
6,Not as much as Infinity War
6,The movie is so long that I can't get into it.
6,Literally "Endgame" and reality hits me.
1,He told me to write more than 10 lines, so I gave him one because he was mad
1,The obvious ending of a hero movie...
5,It's like watching the last episode for 3 hours.
6,I'm not a fan of Marvel, so it was a blockbuster movie
2,I dozed off while watching it. If you haven't seen the entire episode, I don't recommend it
1,The contents of the series didn't add up and the graphics were disappointing.
4,I became a heartless person because I didn't cry after watching the movie.
1,The lines cringe. It wasn't bad.
2,It's not fun. It's boring
4,Since it's the end of disappointment, it feels like it's ending
6,Thor is like a dog
2,It wasn't fun. It was boring and bad except for when all the heroes came out at the end
4,It's my fault that I expected too much. The movie is not my fault
2,The worst... It's such a waste of time.The scene is separate and the story is not connected...
1,Really, a film with no depth, no story, no fun, no reason, no emotion, no rumor, just their own feast.
1,I know, a movie with no depth, no story, no fun, no reason, no emotion, no rumor, just their own feast.
1,No content, no story, no fun, no reasonable, no touching, rumoured film, just their own feast...
1,No content, no story, no fun, no reasonable, no touching, rumoured film, just their own feast.
2,It's sad. I thought it was a melodrama
2,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's chaotic
6,I enjoyed the movie, but it was a bit disappointing because there was a sudden development in some parts.I think it'd be nice if you could release an extended version when it comes out on video.
6,I didn't like the movie that was famous for being funny
2,(Singing "Woo-Ha-Ha")
4,I looked forward to it, but I was sleepy from the beginning. I heard it was fun, but I was sleepy again. Three hours went well.I slept well
6,Re-release Iron Man 1. For those who are fed up with Marvel movies, including the Avengers, or for those who miss the beauty of Iron Man 1.
5,It's a long warm-up, and the main point is a bummer
1,Gwanghaegun is a non-state flower importer
4,I don't really like movies like this, but... I didn't know it was this bad... It's really boring.
6,It's just a hero movie
2,I enjoyed the last series
4,It's nothing more than a fan movie
2,I guess I'm the only one who doesn't know what's funny ㅜㅜ
6,Maybe it's because of too much talk, but it's a little messy
5,Story 8 points childishness 10 points hands and feet cringe boredom 8 points spoiler 10 points ending 7 points probability 1 point "weak heroes strong female warrior" 30s are too childish to watch...The awkwardness and childishness of watching American professional wrestling
6,It's like a very, very ordinary Marvel movie
6,It was boring and bad.
6,A movie that's really not interesting to look forward to the existing Avengers series, but you have to see the Avengers ending. A movie that's not as good or as fun as the sequel to other movies. Young-du-sa-mi?
2,I had a hard time for three hours. I don't know which part is the most touching
6,Thanos is so mean
4,I don't know if I'm weird, but I don't feel funny. Until the time
4,If I don't know why I watched this movie, it's just not fun
5,You can't let him get his hopes up and ruin it like this isn't it
3,I don't need three hours
6,I dozed off even though it was noisy in the middle, and there was no lingering feeling.
2,I hate the ending for C.A. and Iron Man.
1,Iron Man...Iron Man!! ㅠㅠㅠ
5,I don't know if the highlights are fun and other things are necessary.
6,showing the end of a hero movie
1,Never watch Marvel movies if you don't. I saw it swept away, but it was pain. I slept and woke up three times in three hours. I'm glad there are many people around me who don't like Marvel. Except for one. I was tricked into watching, but he cursed. I made up my mind that I would never watch Marvel movies again.
4,It wasn't funny. I don't understand people saying it's funny
1,Justis League V. Their own league.Let's stick to Justice League now
1,I saw it because 12 million people watched it.  Of course, I didn't expect much, but what kind of movie is this? Totally below my expectations. That's too much.  It's a shame for Koreans to watch so many trash movies like this.
6,I think it's overrated. 3000 emotional arm is awesome.
5,It's a bit distracting, so I don't understand the content well. I don't know why this movie is so popular.
6,I didn't do as well as I expected
2,Honestly, Marvel is not fun.
1,A man who is mad at Girl Cops in another movie
2,I'm sleepy. There's no sleeping pill
1,Are you kidding me? Self-proclaimed critics, how much money do you sell your conscience? Shame on you.
6,A lot of heroes are supporting.The action scene is thumbs up
1,With this kind of heroism in the background, Boeh was a painstaking job all along the way.
6,The story was obvious and embarrassing because I had high expectations and all the heroes came out.
4,I don't understand the selective deaths of Iron Man and Black Widow
1,I guess my expectations were too high
1,I hope there's no one who watches a movie after watching a gaver's rating. I'm done watching an end game. 10 million people watch it and the rating keeps going up and the number goes back and forth around 80,000 I can smell the gibberish when you're trying to pin down the ratings and numbers of the part-timers in the numbers in the gibberish fell for it
4,Hero movies are not my cup of tea. I saw it to kill time
1,If you get minus 10 points, I'll give you that. 9.5 is a real bubble ‥  Six to eight points are correct.
5,If you're not a fan, it looks like you have a lot of errors in your settings
1,Infinity War was much better.
6,- It's not crazy... - The last battle scene is similar to the feeling of watching Ready Player One...The last Hollywood movie is Avatar, and since then, the content and CG are self-replicating...
1,I'm going to watch a movie like OO Maddigin. I'm going to watch Private Ryan or Paparotti again
1,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,Two honorable exits and one forgotten. I wonder if someone's death can be so vain. It's a production that only Marvel fans can enjoy. It's a waste of 10,000 won is a waste.
6,If you're a Marvel fan, you can enjoy watching it to a certain extent, but it's a little boring in the beginning.  In comparison, the battle scenes are short... It has less impact and it takes 3 hours, but there are so many characters to show. I'm disappointed that I'm looking forward to it too much.  There's not much to the story either.
1,Hey, you can film a movie, too
2,It was boring. There were couples who went out, but we couldn't bear to.
1,It was like a prison for 3 hours and then the whole day~ It's totally boring, it's CG The Great King of the Devil movie and it has no content. And the soulless 10-point comments are disgusting.
2,In the middle of the elementary and middle of the story action scenes, I thought that two or three people would die by Thanos, but no one would die and it's definitely not my cup of tea
6,A distracting story, a CG feast...It was boring
1,Real scientists are struggling to change the world a little, but I think this delusional science movie, which is not science fiction, is easy to make money and enjoy life with frogs. In my next life, I will be born Shimiken and I will go through the rough patch of life.
6,It's hard to say, but the conclusion was a time machine ㅠㅠ It's not a waste of money, but it's a little disappointing
6,There were so many things that I was disappointed I was really disappointed with about 6 things on https://youtu.be/UunZk8fS2dA
1,Only Marvel fans are having fun. What on earth is so touching? Oh, my
6,Honestly, I've been binge watching Iron Man to a certain extent...Destroying the settings...Character balance...There's a big difference compared to Infinity War right now.The movie went too fast for about two minutes.I think it'd be better to divide it into parts 1 and 2 and give it more immersion.sunshine
1,Your part-time job is like the AvengersThe greatest hero of all time is definitely the Avengers
1,Phew... It was really hard work...
2,The odds of winning in the tens of thousands were only that story; I was looking forward to a great storytelling.Cliché endings and impressive injections that use the most popular characters.What if Nolan or Tirantino got his hands on it? I miss the entertainment + philosophy + an uncontrollable ending because I'm looking forward to it so much that it's not a boring movie
6,Thank you. Thank you
6,I was sleeping on the way...If you haven't watched the whole war series, you might not be able to connect
2,I like Robert, so I want to make a star dream because I've broken a wonderful Thor, and I want to cut it a spot more, but once I hold it in, it's a really childish series, and if there's nothing to make the water droop, it's too long
2,It's a waste of stars. Infinity War is worth watching. This is
6,Why did you get off the IMAX 3D so fast?
2,It's not that... lol
3,Is this movie so admirable? I don't know.To me, MCU is 1. Iron Man 2. Winter Soldier 3. Avengers...The rest is just...
2,I really don't know why I saw this
1,Well, I was just like that
2,Why is the hero series that doesn't fit me a lot only in Korea?
1,I watched it for 2 hours and came out on the way because it was not fun. You've been talking for two hours. The worst movie of the year
4,It's just not worth watching
4,Sacrifice, victory of good, the death of a few heroes, the death of a few heroes, and the glorification of CG violence that ignores that the world is not led by heroes, but by many ordinary people.
1,It's boring. The Avengers are going down the drain. The best movie in recent years is Hunter Killer
6,I watched all the Marvel movies. Honestly, the end game was boring.He exaggerates a lot.
6,To be honest, it was boring. The most boring of all episodes. If INFINITE War is 8 points, the end game is about 6 points.
1,This is the right amount for this movie
2,I gave up while I was sleeping and lost all my money.
6,I guess it wasn't my cup of tea
2,You!I can't believe this is a movie with a rating of 9... I have nothing to say
1,I love you as much as Uncle Marvel.
1,I've seen the movie before, but it's so boring, and I don't understand what the movie is about, and I don't understand the climax of the movie, and it's a waste of money
1,People who have seen it and people who haven't seen it will not understand
6,I guess my expectations are high.It's a little short of my expectations.
1,No content, no depth, no rationality, no fun, no emotion, no rumours.What's funnier is that there are still many people who don't have self-esteem at the bottom of the pyramid, so they are dragged around by the top 1%.Movie, movie. It's still a matter of life. Oh, my God.Fishing in a group of fish haha ha haha
5,Maybe it was because I was looking forward to it, but it was so boring and boring.There was a common saying that three men went, and they repeated it while dozing off.
6,It's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun
2,It's so boring. It's a long time. It's the least fun I've ever seen
2,To be honest, it's boring and obvious It ends ridiculously at the end Marvel movies are obvious It's just the scale is okay
1,Compared to Eom Bok-dong, the bicycle king, there is no difference, but why is this well-received and Eom Bok-dong doing the rated terror? I'll give you one point.
1,It was so boring and boring all the time
2,It's not fun. What a waste of time
5,The beginning and the middle were so boring Who knew how many years of waiting would only be rewarded with a late war scene
3,The brand power is so strong that people give good points even if the content is not good
1,INFINITE War was too powerful
2,To be honest, I saw it as loyalty. It feels like the movie is playing for a long time and I'm going crazy because my back hurts. When I saw the winter solstice, I thought time flew by because it was so fun, but when I tried to fix what was too open, the probability was terrible and stretched. I paid 12,000 won at the movie theater and it was a waste of money.
1,I'm looking at this as persistence. 9 points for peace
2,It's not bad for your eyes, but Marvel fans didn't recommend it and gave you 2 points. What kind of evaluation is there for petty people who can't tolerate opposition from terrorists even if they say that it's such a great movie and hate it? D.C. beat Marvel with one Dark Knight.
6,It was a bit chaotic  The content is
1,Stop making their own movies
6,The first part of the Marvel Kidult mass-production operation is finally over.
6,It wasn't fun for me.I fell asleep while watching it. I don't know if Marvel movies will be fun
6,It's a shame that the ending is a little vague
1,I'll bring him back to Iron Man's Timestone
2,I wish I could monopolize the movie theater with the Korean flag flying,
2,Honestly, it's not fun for meInfinity War is the most funIt's not a movie that compares to Avatar
2,90% conversation, 10% action, really disappointed
1,Why is this called "Spring Gaesip Elementary School"?
2,I feel like I could have ended with a sad ending in the previous episode. a boring running time
1,I'm a man in his 40s. I saw it because the reservation rate was high and everyone was going crazy. I really don't know what's funny about this. Just their own party? I feel like I was tricked by marketing.
2,I looked forward to it, but it wasn't that...
2,It's not fun. It's not fun!
2,Avengers: Endgame 2019
1,As a person who hasn't watched Marvel movies, give me 1 point ^^~*
2,Popcorn layers, 10r. Quiet, okay!
2,Dong Han was so bored watching it~~
1,Oh, it's so boring
4,If it hadn't been that long, it would have been fine.
6,As a Marvel fan, the focus on the probability of the movie, the story became sloppy and loose, and sometimes the scenes that were hard to understand even made you laugh, so if you're an insider, you'll get a perfect score! I'm sure you liked Marvel and recommended it, but I wanted to curse as an outsider
5,I think the 7 points range is right. The rating is too high. I think Infinity War is better.But it's a series that I made well, and it's worth watching because it's the US
2,Avengers: Endgame, the sound of a raccoon making ramen and chewing it. Is that a movie? I'm really curious about the hair that sores it because it's a movie. Study. You have to live by distinguishing between whining and shivers. The score is -100 points.
6,It was kind of boring...
2,I was fooled by the ratings and it's not as fun as the previous one!Stretching introduction + squeezing out the impression... The person next to you snores the whole time. I can only think that 3 hours is a waste.If I had finished it in the last episode, it would have been a bit disappointing.It was an unnecessarily high-rated movie.
4,Marvel is kind of a fad
6,I did my best to make a good movie, but it was a bit loose It was my first time to fall asleep while watching a Marvel movie, so I was a bit disappointed Still, I enjoyed it
1,After all, there's no dubbing until the end
3,I'm the only one who doesn't think it's funny. It's like a fancy gift box There was no fun or emotion.3 points for a fancy casting
6,I think Denmark has a wider worldview and is more fun than the Avengers. Everyone, please show a lot of love for Denma
4,I watched it because it was the last episode. Why is it so boring? 2 hours and 30 minutes. The battle scene was 20 minutes long. I almost died of boredom for 3 hours
1,The rating is too high. If I were to say that I saw Solka from the beginning, it's very lengthy and boring
4,It was just a long movie
5,I was really looking forward to the end of the series, so I ran to see it on the release day. If you were disappointed, there was a hole in the set. Did you have to make the running time this long without editing it?There were a lot of scenes I wanted to see.
2,I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if you're a big fan of Marvel, but just because you're popular, it's a lullaby for the viewers. There's a lot of shooting missiles. Honestly, I think it was the worst Marvel series
1,I watched all the Marvel series, but I think it's not enough. Did you brainwash yourself and watch the last episode because it was touching and fun?
1,There's no hero who can beat the Dark Knight yet.To get a rating on the Dark Knight.
2,I thought I was going to die of boredom. This is too much. As I tried to organize the story, the fun decreased
1,It's a movie worth watching, but there are so many Marvels that I compliment so much that I give you 1 point to lower the rating. The story is not as solid as the Dark Night
6,Jjamppongtang... I didn't doze off and watched it
2,2 hours out of 3 hours is boring and 1 hour is barely boring
2,I'm watching it for two hours now.I'm getting cursed at.
2,I barely watched...withstanding my sleep.The 3D video has beauty.
2,제기랄! 내가 살아있을 때 이 영화를 봐서 예뻤어!
5,a compilation that is not better than expected
4,In the beginning, it was so boring... I fell asleep while watching it
1,The old hero movie is no fun
1,I guess I was really looking forward to it. Infinity War is better. Captain, out of the blue, Iron Man. What are the other characters doing, especially Thor?
2,It's so boring and I'moved
2,It was nothing more than a human drama
2,I don't know what's funny.I don't know one.
1,The last battle scene was so much fun
1,It's really not fun. If you get in trouble because you're bored and sleepy, what movie is it? The most boring movie in the series. It's a waste to pay and watch it. But the cumulative number of audiences... It's disappointing if you watched it yesterday. I'll watch that movie when Ma Dongseok comes out later
2,I cried a lot. How many times did I yawn?The existing characters have changed, and the video has worked hard, but it's repeatedly forced throughout the movie...Why can the captain use that weapon?Why are you sharing your mind?Why... Let's stop
2,Turned off and converted; dog
1,Kids don't watch childish chewing trash movies in the trash can
6,After seeing the Avengers, which is full of good reviews, I honestly thought it was weird that I felt bored.
4,A movie that you shouldn't watch if you don't know the previous story
2,It wasn't fun for me. It was a healing movie that cured me of insomnia that I couldn't solve until now :)
2,What are you talking about? The movies before that... The touching chord... Family love... and time machine code...   Avengers: I think we should change the name to Back to the Future Game
6,a rather excessive distraction
1,The incomplete, improbable muck has been proven to be stupid by the fact that it's over nine points
1,I don't know what's fun about this...
1,It looks like it's going to continue endlessly.
4,an unnecessarily long film The video isn't that fancy
6,I can't understand the storyline
6,I was disappointed because the boring part was longBut the lines that send Iron Man are really touching ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,Do something about Captain Marvel
1,In the end, I couldn't get past the Ring
2,Why? Is there fun? Don't you smell cookies burning?
1,What's fun? Which part?
1,It was fun, but I think 9.2 is right. It needs to be lowered to adjust the rating
5,If there is a mass-produced action movie in Korea, there is a superhero movie in America
1,Not fun to do, ·*',.:
5,It's like celebrating Solka at a religious level The content was so poor that even the director spoke at qna in terms of clarification, not answers It's in the original, if it's in the original ^^ If Winter Soldier doesn't take over the original book, it's just a different story It's Disney childishness
4,I don't expect much. It'It's a movie that solves questions about the ending of Infinity War
1,It's a relief to see it as a point.I yawned exactly 12 times in 2 hours. Marvel fans, watch it But if you're not a fan of Marvel, you can't watch a scene where you hammer and hit people's heads What's fun? It's a shame that I only have 140 characters left, but I'm overwhelmed
6,Thanos, I was decapitated within 10 minutes of the movie, and it was ridiculous, but the last sad scene and the past scene were really...It's a memory... I saw that scene in Avengers and E.O.L
1,Did you just make it into a movie?
2,Without knowing the Avengers, I watched the movie because Makyeon had a huge amount of money and many people had a high rating.I had a hard time watching itI couldn't come out because my husband was watching. It's war, I can't sleep, I just keep looking at my watch. It was an uncomfortable time.T
6,It's the end of Marvel's original members.That's too bad.
2,Even if the entire Marvel series is collected, it is behind the Dark Knight. Especially, this End Game episode is like Pororo's popular movies
6,I love you 3000...
6,Different from previous series
6,It's not that good. Anyway, it's a bummer
2,I watched it because I was curious after hearing the rumor, but I dozed off because I was bored in the beginning. Maybe because there are many Korean movies and high quality, Avengers was really childish to me
1,It's trash. It's just words No action
6,I think the rating of 7
6,As much as I expected, it was boring, but I was a bit teary because of the touching point, and I enjoyed the last Avengers.
5,My day is over ㅠㅠ
1,I slept well when Hawkeye came out
4,The last part is all that's worth watchingㅜㅜ
4,I yawned for 2 hours because I was sleepy, and the action came out, but honestly, the person who yawned because he was sleepy is normal. Boring. Looks like you need a great writer
1,Two ladies were dozing off on both sides.  I endured and watched till the end!
1,I was really looking forward to it, but it wasn't good
1,I dozed off. The tedious beginning and the obvious ending.
2,It's boring, boring, boring
2,Every time Captain Marvel comes out, he's so mad
1,Honestly, is this fun? It's not as fun as the first episode, let alone Infinity War
6,Thor Nuff is serious.
1,There are a lot of part-timers. It was terrible compared to the previous one, but it was boring
4,The movie itself isn't very...
2,Am I the only one who got tired of it?  I was so tired of three hours
6,It didn't meet Marvel's expectations, but I think this was the best finish for the Avengers
1,Heroptsd movie, I suffer too. 3000 times
2,Everyone's working part-time. The story is a hundred million and it's a total mess, and the previous works are a complete mess. Don't ever. When it's over, I regret...Give me back my time
4,It's like an animated film. I'm so disappointed
2,I'm watching, but I'm falling asleep.
4,I don't like it, but everyone says it's fun.a flashy and hectic action  Everyone is such a hero that it's not funny. Similar to X-Men.
6,Marble of love and hate, you've been running well for 10 years
2,It's a childish movie for elementary and middle school students As expected, NAVER's rating is unbelievable
1,I think it's too much fun rating and I'm tired of watching movies or watching game graphics.It was really hard to sit for three hours
1,If there wasn't anyone who went with me, why would you want to come out?I don't understand if they're enthusiastic about it, and I feel sorry that the production and promotion are all over the place, and that the audience is completely playing with American commercialism
1,Can't humans understand the box office success of movies that fly like the Avengers these days? ~~~ The main characters are actually cosplay 3D shooting, childish bread!
