타이타닉
6,Did Rose have to hum on a wooden plank alone like that? Why didn't you take turns with Jack?
4,In 21st century terms, I went to a loony club where I was forced to marry, and I met an innocent rascal, and I said, "One night." But the club is on fire. The innocent gangster broke the spear and sacrificed himself to go out first. He survived alone. Then, the 100-year-old lalary girl remembers the great love and becomes emotional.
1,Did I ever say that I would save the economy?
1,If you cheated on a young man and broke up with him, shouldn't you have returned Dia?
1,Wow, my favorite movie
5,It's a movie that even people who hate romance can watch just the sinking of the Titanic. The one-night stand with DiCaprio glorifies a romantic relationship that renounces his financially-savvy fiancee, so his rating is 5...
6,I saw it as a liberal arts class, but I only remember rolling around in the car
4,a film that glorifies infidelity and blurs judgment
1,I want to give you 11 points
1,Solka DiCaprio, you don't have a good nose.My nose is not sharp...
1,A movie about love affairs
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun. Horror taxis are much more fun
1,Don't ever watch "No Fun"
1,It felt like the East Sea and Baekdusan Mountain were drying up.
1,When grandmother comes out suddenly, she wakes up
1,When I got older, I realized that Rose wasn't bad
5,As expected, the true story stands out the most as time goes by, but why is it mixed with romance and it's ugly when I get a little older? As time goes by, the true story is better and romance and so on. It's not a good story. It's a good movie  And the second mate didn't commit suicide, so why did he blaspheme? Anyway, director In Seong
4,It's made better than it used to be
2,Why is this BONU? He's not watching a movie that's not funny until he diesGigi!
1,There's no zero point.
3,The story is predictable, but the actors' performance was excellent
1,I'll just say what I want to say in a casual way today. - Hey! It's not funny
1,What's wrong with the rating?I'm speechless
4,
2,Stupid Jocensings, a movie that sold gold all over the country
6,The kids saw it now.  But Katie Winslet's interview is shocking. In the bad scene, the heroine's husband built Leo's wife's place and touched her more
1,If you go on a trip, you'll die early.As expected, women are not to be trusted.
1,Is it true that you seduce a woman with a fiance and cheat on her? Does this make sense? You have a fiancé, and you're acting all hot, and you're looking at her, and there's no answer, and I'm really wasting my time, and if anyone hasn't seen her yet, don't ever watch her It's a waste of time;;
4,Movies are not my cup of tea.
4,Movies are not my cup of tea.
4,Movies are not my cup of tea.
1,A movie that satisfies Korean women's fantasy, a movie for Korean women
6,Kate Winslet is similar to the image of Tallent Jung Hye-sung (Gureumi's younger sister Park Bo-gum).The movie I dozed off in the middle of the movie. Jack, who was in the third-class car, found Tan Rose of the first-class car that he was about to jump into. I don't want to get married to a rich family.Events happen when it's too quiet and not safe when it's safe. Dozens of people are filling the ship with coal. Within one to two hours, 2,200 passengers collided with an iceberg while the captain went to rest for a while, saying, "Five ships were broken and sank." Under the command of the calm captain, the elderly and the weak will enter the lifeboat with classical music. I thought it was good when Yeoju axed Namjoo's handcuffs, but they locked up passengers because there was only half a lifeboat, and even if they jumped into the sea in a life jacket, they froze and died, and only four people including Yeoju were rescued from the sea.  I don't understand why a woman who became a grandmother throws away the jewels she put in her coat at the end of the show
1,If the actress was a Korean woman, no matter how handsome DiCaprio was, she would have chosen a rich man in the end. Korean kimchi girl
1,It was a masterpiece at the time, but now it's just an ordinary affair... I'm sorry about the knife. Is this real?
1,I'm sorry. I'm not going to make you cry
1,I don't know why my horoscope is so high.
1,Leonardo DiCaprio I hate you
1,Now that I think about it, 100 years later, my descendants didn't film a romance movie with Ferry Sewol material. It gives me goosebumps
1,It's fun, but it's not 9.8
1,It's a scam.crying
2,The setting that a woman loves a homeless beggar is very unrealistic, so I realized that James Cameron is a famous director, but he is ignorant of women. James Cameron should just make a robot or a truck movie
1,Technology Building I and Nit and I
1,Expediting the conditions for the open supply of new apartments
6,I watched it with my girlfriend at the theater
1,It's obviously a masterpiece, but it's undeniable that it glorifies an affair. I think 9 to 9.5 would be good.
2,It's already been 20 years
1,It's so boring.
1,Yes, it's not fun~\\\\
1,No, I'm not giving you a point because I don't like this movie, but how can it be second in box office worldwide? Why is it so popular when you're touched? As a person who really likes movies, it is such a waste of other movies. It is a real bubble that this movie is second in the box office.
1,It's a drama for the public
1,Should I lower the rating?
1,The rating is too high 1 point for adjustment
4,11.11.06. Running time is too long compared to what I wanted to show. It's just boring for a dry person (maybe a horror movie
1,9.86 is too much. I don't like it
1,It's the era of big movies
6,Exoneration of one night stand hahaha
6,It's impressive, but the love and sacrifice you gave your life are meaningless. If you die, you can't love more. The ending is a bummer.
1,What kind of romance movie is this? It's a real horror movie. What kind of romance movie is a movie where all people die? Is it good that all men die?LOL
1,I watch it with my family because I often play it on CGV, but whenever I see a car scene, I get acute enteritis, so I give 1 point to go to the bathroom
1,An affair woman pretending to be romantically beautiful... Is it true that the running time is longer than the Lord of the Rings?  What's even funnier is that men go to the army to take guns and protect the country, but in the event of a disaster, they save women who do nothing first wtf
1,It's not a good movie
1,a monumental failure to sell masculinity to women
1,Um... Seriously, it's not fun
1,It's really, really boring
1,You're happy about an affair
2,It keeps overlapping with the current DiCaprio, so in the middle
2,These days, if it's a women's standard, it's a movie that discriminates between men and women. It's the same life, but the girl first
1,I can't deny that it's a really good movie, but it's not a memory seller It's not that it's not.
6,The film depicts the tragedy of the Titanic and the love of death
4,Don't re-release what you've used once. Aren't you tired of eating dozens of times on the cable?
1,A rare piece of work. People say that you're just the best in romance. It's bitter. I want to go back two hours ago. My eyes...
6,If I filmed the bad scene properly, I would've done a lot, but there's a bit of disappointment
6,It is not enough to say that it is a masterpiece of a movie that Korean people would like
6,What's the occasion for the movie to be shown again in the theater?
1,Lower the rating because it is too high.
1,It's a movie about a man and a woman, and it's a love story about an affair
1,Stop boiling it If you eat enough beef bone, you throw it away
1,A movie that I really enjoyed watching. I'll have to watch it again when it's re-released
1,I don't know what's touching about this. It's just that kind of a boring love story. It's a cliche that succeeded in sucking it up in America. Is our country going to come out?
1,The story is touching, but it's definitely an affair, isn't it? She's engaged, but she's having an affair with another guy
1,It's really fun I recommend it!LOL
1,If you're having an affair, give me back my necklace.The main character is really bad.When I saw her living in hiding after changing her name, I felt that a woman is an infinitely selfish servant. I can't believe this OOO movie got 9 points
1,I am afraid that a movie called Ferry Sewol will come out like this
1,I'm 15 years old, so I have to be rated R
1,She had sex with her fiance in a day, and after she died, she met a new man and started a family, and she thought of an adulterer
1,Well... it's boring. It's obvious
1,Kate is so annoying. After escaping the Titanic, she married another man, had a baby, and became a hundred-year-old woman, so why did her soul meet DiCaprio after she died? Who's the real husband who's married and probably died? It's so selfish and self-justifying. Love view
1,In the car, the window was covered with steam, and it didn't come out in detail--
1,I don't like the heroine. My fiancé is good at her job, she's good at her job, she's good at everything, and she's good at everything Are you saying that? Then, we gathered in a row. I'm a romantic. I'm DiciprioThen the guy who stayed still and lost his fiancee is just a guy, Choong Jam
1,Rose, the heroine of the drama, showed that she was a human horse who should go to hell.
1,When I think about it when I grow up, I feel sorry for my fiance. Jack and Rose actually support a woman who loves OOOO, and even if you give me the only diamond, I will cheat on you with another man and run away with diamonds
4,The movie left a lesson that if you fall in love with an incompetent man just by looking at his appearance, you will only suffer.
1,The ending is annoying.You should've died together.Jack, I won't let goWhy are you remembering your ugly neck after you blow your bunny roots and whistle?The ending of reminiscing only diamonds...Why do you have a necktie?Jack's been framed.I don't understand. I'm disappointed
1,A woman has a crush on a poor man? Does love feed you?Isn't it a conspiracy against the Titanic?But it is a good movie when you want to see the world positively. But the world is really rotten.
5,I was going to give her 10 points because she's so full, but she lost 5 points
1,I enjoyed it. It was so much fun lol
1,The best movie ever. I definitely recommend it
5,The more I watch this movie, the more I get angry. Ferry Sewol reminds me of... Bad people who ran away on a lifeboat
1,When disappointed with the release, disappointment ... Recently the past, isn't fun, young back, because I like someone was disappointed. Don't just a screen, and you don't have any money left.
6,Well, I don't like it, but rather watch "The Seven in the Dawn" with a rating of 9.45, which depicts seven patriotic youths, the best Ramsal movie
1,If you're going to throw away the beautiful diamond of an affair at sea, help the needy with it, are you crazy?
5,I feel so bad for my fiance.
1,Maybe it's because you don't think it's funny.
1,Eventually, one night stand!
1,Melo is not my type
1,Hey, I feel just right! I'm Lee Ki!
1,This is never a point. I want to give 11 points.
1,This is not a point. This means that this movie will never be in world history again!
1,DiCaprio was so ugly and boring
1,That's ridiculous. If it's random, it should be
1,It's a very exaggerated and fraudulent movie
1,It's not that interesting... It wasn't to the point of being so nosy. I admit the scale is a huge masterpiece, but it's not very...
1,It reminds me of tdg ㅠㅠ
1,A man's ship doesn't sink.
1,a beautiful adaptation of the tragic end of Blun
1,It was boring to watch.ㅇㅅㅇ
1,The most carcinogenic heroine of my life--
1,The movie I watched at the theater when it was released. It was a waste of money no matter how long it was for fun
1,In a good sense - it's a luxury to even evaluate...
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,Stupid Rose... If I'd just been on a lifeboat for a ride, I'd have lived on deck when Jack was out
1,The uncivilized idea of the Korean people: Everything should be tailored to my taste...
1,Feminist movie, I could have climbed a tree with a man at the end... What's wrong with being born as a man?
2,A handsome man who falls in love with a woman who doesn't have any attraction The combination of fantasy of a woman who doesn't want you to come up to someone you love alone is just a few good scenes and no visual beauty And I'm not at all impressed with why Diamonds have it until they're old
4,The production is good, but the story is too crazy, so I give you 4 stars.What the hell is Jack? She's been seduced in two days and she's dead for her.
1,Opposite. I looked forward to it, but it wasn't fun
1,Isn't it embarrassing that the Academy proudly wrote on the poster that it won 11 categories?The Academy has nothing to do with workmanship because it invites commercial films.What's wrong with this movie that I didn't even get an invitation from the world's top three film festivals?There's no message in the movie, it's just a work that glorifies an affair.I feel sorry for my fiancé
1,One of the most overrated movies. The eyes of people who see affairs as love...물론 Of course, Yeoju wasn't the marriage she wanted, but can she cheat irresponsibly? And if I can be a pretty actress, I want to hit her Especially the nose. It's a whiny nose
1,The female protagonist is so ugly... DiCaprio is better off if you look at the face and the features separately from a man's face--I hate the sight of my grandmother and I'm going to live alone, so why do you call her name?
1,I feel sorry for my fiance. I did my best to get an expensive present and like it, but I got hit by the back of my head and went back to my eyes. I understand. I would rather have met my fiancé, Garage DiCaprio, than DiCaprio. You take the money, you betray. I think she was a woman who didn't know what to do as a human being.
1,No, I'm really serious. Is this a movie or what? If I make a big belly and make it appear, is it a plaything? Is it fun to watch the ship sink? Pathetic people ㅉ
2,It was just a little boring Except for the female lead being in good shape
1,I'm sure all the survivors of the Titanic and their families have received special admission to Harvard, right? ㅜㅜㅜ
1,A story that reproduces the delusion of a senile grandmother.I'm not having fun.
1,I'm so touched that I can't grade it
1,For the first time, I got a perfect score on a critic's score! Two of you got 10 points! So 1 point
5,The main character's romance is ordinary and fictional, but other than that, it is almost a true story. I could feel the emotion and the lesson from seeing many people making choices in such situations.
6,It was a bit racy!
1,If Jam wasn't here,
1,The movie that I watched when I was young...If you look at it now? It's not that...
3,This is Sparta!
1,The movie was good, but I escaped by myself without honor, so my score is 1.
5,I don't like a guy who looks like DiCaprio, so I don't like the pose I took with a girl, so I didn't look at it on purpose until now, but I let it slide because of Ferry Sewol
1,It's late. Ugh!
1,It is said to be a brilliant Hollywood disaster blockbuster in the 90s, but nothing special. It can be seen as a pan-made commercial movie that squeezes only the tears and runny nose of the audience and induces forced emotion. The typical and obvious popular Hollywood romance is now annoying.
1,I'm jealous that you made it well. In my heart, it's 10 points!
1,Bosung hyung, you're so
1,The main character, the girl, is so hopeless
1,He wandered aimlessly without a clear residence or occupation, won a boarding ticket by gambling, and fell asleep in two days as a woman of other people with her eloquence and dancing skills.What a movie.
1,지투더루
1,I love it so much that I give you 1 point. I'm going to shoot a movie like this
1,It's not... funny
1,Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!
1,When I was young, I enjoyed watching it on TV during Chuseok, but it was not as fun as I thought
1,Imagine your fiancee running away from another man on board
1,A man's belly won't sink
2,I'm from Oyu because it's the secret and two major mountains of Salamander Ahem
1,I feel sorry for the character Carl Huxley being seen as such a villain. He's not a very nice-looking man, but honestly, who wouldn't be mad if he noticed that his fiancee was lying around with an out-of-the-way man two days after he met.
1,The woman survived alone and has no loyalty.
1,Don't you have a zero rating? I didn't want to see the female lead because she's so stupid
1,Unite by loyalty!
1,I think the part-timers scored on this
1,I thought this movie was the best. But as soon as I saw Salamander's Vile... oh, my.
1,A woman of no loyalty.
1,You live alone without loyalty
1,It's a movie that you only hear masterpieces in Korea. In foreign countries, this has a low rating.
1,Someone left a comment for the first time since Real Steel, so loyalty!
1,Never in my life have I seen a movie so unloyal...
1,The Secret of the Hero Seller, Kim Bosung's loyalty is the best!It's not a movie if you don's not a movie
1,Loyalty
1,Loyalty
1,Loyalty, loyalty, loyalty
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,Loyalty
1,Loyalty
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,This ship is mine!
1,I'm not Ilbe, but it's fun to watch Zola
1,A man's belly won't sink
1,Your rating is too low
1,a rapid cry
1,Such a ridiculous movie
1,Just so-so.
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,Your belly is no match for the lord. The lord, Hachimaru!
1,The main character is dead!
1,Interestingly, all my friends are Korean. Loyalty!!!
1,We have a big belly
1,It's a disrespectful script, a disrespectful actor, a disrespectful acting, a disrespectful lighting, a disrespectful production
1,I hope it's a movie with loyalty
1,Loyalty
1,It's hard to leave home
1,WOONGJI!
1,The scale of the movie and the dignity of the Titanic are magnificent, but the heroine lives alone, so it's a waste of one point
1,Let's think of the rewarding life of an honorable man.  I will remember men who do not lose their composure in the face of death and live with the thought that truth and love are the strongest in the world. What a loyal friend!
1,It is foolish of you not to drown together when your loved one is dead. The best of the week is loyalty.
1,I don't have arms and legs, so I zoom in with my mouth
1,The female protagonist is so mean
1,There's no loyalty in this movie.-ㅡ
1,It's really a masterpiece. The third movie I enjoyed in my life
1,What a big belly!
1,The rating is lowered
1,I'm not loyal. I'm talking to myself. I want to take a picture of Bosung with a digital camera. ㅜㅜ For loyalty! Loyalty! Loyalty!Loyalty! Loyalty!
1,lack of loyalty
1,This movie is all good, but there is no loyalty... Loyalty ㅠㅠ
1,a great deal
1,Avatar 2 is going to be hard to open!  It is a poor production compared to a loyal movie. Review the script with loyalty. It's not a movie without loyalty.
1,a magnificent sinking
1,on one's own terms
1,It's all good, but I think I've lost my loyalty.One point.
1,a person who makes a living on one's own
1,lol
1,The movie is ridiculous!
1,I don't need a movie without loyalty.
1,You have a big belly
1,I wanted to give you 10 points. He's not mature.--;ㅡㅡ;
1,You don't have to watch a stupid movie
1,It's a 10-point movie, but it'
1,Man's loyalty! Loyalty to Boseong. Loyalty to green tea
1,She's the only one who survived
1,a woman who survives alone without loyalty ㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉ On top of that, everyone's just going to ride on a lifeboat, but they're not loyal, and they're just a sample of the movie
1,Loyalty must and must be kept Kim Bosung Lee! A hero!
1,A man is a man!
1,crying
1,It's a masterpiece, but with loyalty- I love you Dawson. ♥
1,Jack has no loyalty
1,I feel like I'm lacking loyalty
1,Dawson in hell, come out!
1,WOONGJI!
1,My life is crashing.
1,That's ridiculous
1,He's so tall
1,a great deal
1,I changed to St. Dawson without any loyalty to my ancestors, and I have a fiance, but I cheated on her with a man outside in two days, so she's not loyal!
1,There is no loyalty in this movie
1,He's not loyal
1,Loyal Rose to let a man die
1,I'm from Oyu
1,Oh my god
1,Better than love
1,Oh, my. Do you like living alone?
1,A movie in which an old woman survives without a hitch. I can't find a way to go up on the board
1,Rose lacked loyalty in her last voice calling Jack. I'll work harder!
1,I don't want to see you again I'd rather see the secret of the Salamander twice
1,I'm sure it's kimchi year
1,I saw Secretary T, but I can't see my chest
1,It's ridiculous to see Yeoju live alone. So 1 point
1,I don't have any loyalty in this kind of movie
1,Let me live in a magnificent mansion
1,a disrespectful sinking LOL
1,There's no loyalty to a woman who left DiCaprio alone
1,I like them all, but I don't have enough energy
1,It's a waste of 1 point. It's really not loyal
1,I'm from loyalty
1,The movie that I watched was really touching.
1,Oh, the penalty point. Terror is dirty.
1,A magnificent punishment for a magnificent film that betrays its fiancé and then survives by betraying DiCaprio again!
1,Chirping! Chirping! I don't want to hear you walk, so 1 point dream
1,He's so stupid--
1,-.- I'm tired of it. I'm tired of it
1,Can love without loyalty be called love? Love requires loyalty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!♥
1,It's got a great.
1,Loyal movie out
1,There is no loyalty in this movie.
1,No movies that live alone without loyalty
1,This movie is ridiculous. So 1 point
1,1 point for a man's death
1,That's not loyal.
1,If you were in the Titanic, there wouldn't be such an unfaithful death
1,It's a movie when there's a boring movie, a flying kick. It's a drama
1,If the experts give me 10 points, I get 1 point. Movie critics have different emotions
1,The ship will sink magnificently
1,The movie is not loyal
1,K
1,At the end, a man undergoes a remodeling operation. Isn't that suggestive of a sequel? When is the sequel coming?
1,I want to give you 1 point and 0 point, but I can't
1,It's really... It's so...
1,I like everything, but I have no loyalty
1,I can't tell you to wash your eyes and look for it up. It's a movie that's a waste of even one point!
1,Hello, I'm Oh You User They're manipulating the ratings LOLOne step, out! What is Bosung hyung? Loyalty!
1,It's not good to see you again
1,It was a masterpiece.I went to the theater in 3D and saw it. My eyes hurt, bored, and sleepy.
1,Worst movie ever. You guys know what to do
1,What does it matter if Oyoo gives a point or not? She's a tough girl, right?
1,Loyalty vs love
1,If Kim Bosung was riding in the Titanic, DiCaprio would never be there!
1,Dicapurio
1,Wow, you're so powerful
1,How dare you live alone?
1,Kate Winslet, the Elegant
1,Men are loyal!!! I'm sorry, DiCapri
1,That's ridiculous
1,That's so ridiculous. Thinking of the woman who says she lives alone without DiCaprio makes me angry. If she were a real great woman, she'd die with her. Oh, my God
1,Is it a problem that Oh Yooin gives a rating like Oh Yooin?
1,I wanted to scratch the screen of the movie theater with my hands when Kate Wonslett scratched the foggy window. That's why I didn't say I did 74
1,You should think it's annoying
1,Leonardo DiCaprio's a tough guy
1,It's sung by Lee Seung GiYou don't know. Love is the best!Their love is so ridiculous that it's 1 point! Come on!
1,Who watches such a big movie? I'd rather watch a hero 10 times
1,One point is the medicine for a movie without loyalty
1,The heroine has no loyalty. A film that gives the worst lessons and enlightenment in this age when it's so important.
1,How can you live alone without loyalty?
1,Oh! Don't curse! Sae-qui! Why are you guys cursing at us when we're going to give you a rating? It's exactly like you guys to live alone without loyalty.It's a one-point movie!
1,You don't have to tell me, do you know?
1,It's a movie where the heroine lives without loyalty and Namjoo dies in a pitifully
1,Oh, I'm not good enough.
1,It's too long;;; throw expensive jewelry into the sea.
1,a ridiculous movie
1,The movie is so racy. Can't you keep your dignity?
1,It's a movie with no loyalty
1,The male protagonist went into the sea alone without loyalty.yes
1,a film of no loyalty
1,It's boring
1,He's not loyal.
1,A woman has no loyalty. She is a woman who eats well and lives well alone, leaving a man to die. Ri Sol-ju is better than that!!!
1,What's this?
1,Everything's good, but isn't Kate the third-class?
1,have no loyalty
1,The ridiculous things are once every three days
1,If it's love together, you have to die together--no loyalty
1,MJH
1,be lacking in loyalty
1,A woman who leaves a man and runs away... has no loyalty
1,ㅠㅠ Because I'm so sad
1,a woman of low caliberal
1,Not funny
1,It's not fun
1,Lack of loyalty;
1,Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,You know your husband's obviously looking for jewelry, but you're taking it with you. be shameless
1,not much
1,That's ridiculous
1,The Titanic has no wings and falls down...However, Boseong-hyung flies with the wings of its leader!!!
1,Don't you know your loyalty?
1,She's so loyal to her character
1,It's a great movie to waste even a single point
1,With Bosung!
1,a great deal
1,A ridiculous ending!
1,I'm here for my loyalty
1,Only women lived without loyalty. I'm not loyal enough
1,The Titanic is out of date.The beginning of a new genre is coming up!Loyalty!
1,the loyalty of director James Cameron
1,That's ridiculous!Oh, my
1,No loyalty?
1,You're the best!
1,It's a movie with no loyalty
1,The female lead lives alone when the male lead dies. It's ridiculous
1,an absolutely ridiculous movie
1,How dare you run away on a boat alone? You'really?
1,It's a masterpiece. It's safe to say it's the main seat. When will this masterpiece come out again?
1,a movie in which a woman lives by herself
1,I'm not a woman. I'm just a tanner.
1,It's
1,The director is ridiculous
1,It's too bad I couldn't give you zero points. a woman of no loyalty Ditch a man and survive alone?
1,She's a tough girl
1,It doesn't seem to fit Korean sentiment.
1,You're not loyal
1,Sana's movie without a ' 없는 없는' is 1 point
1,She's so bossy and the ending is depressing
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilI'm from Athem OilAhem
1,It is not in line with the ideology of Korean society, which survives alone without loyalty and values loyalty.
1,It wasn't bad, but the movie wasn't worth it.
1,Titanic
1,You're gonna have to live with him or die with him
1,You have to die together to be loyal!  Look at the way he's looking at me from above the wood to live alone
1,Jongbeom, you're the best!
1,I can't believe I'm breaking down a magnificent Titanic -- it's not magnificent at all. My score is
1,Don't you have any loyalty? One point
1,1 point for living alone
1,1 point because the girl didn't die together
1,A woman lives alone. Isn't this so disrespectful
1,It was overrated.
1,be lacking in loyalty
1,You have no loyalty!
1,Fun Jaein
1,It's a bad movie where the female protagonist lives alone
1,It's worth living, worth living, and dying. It's a waste of 1 point for those who are not loyal
1,Lack of loyalty ㅜㅜ
1,a sleeveless shirt with loyalty
1,A piece of pear and a tear? Our emotions don't match. Loyalty! Loyalty! It's time to go to greatness!
1,He's not loyal
1,He's not loyal. Why do you live alone? You can ride with me.
1,Namjoo is dead. 1
1,If you're a man, you're loyal
1,The heroine survives alone without the last grandeur.......................
1,Electric electric show!1
1,Only Yeojoo lives and Namjoo dies, so 1 point
1,a womanly film
1,He's so ridiculous
1,K
1,It's too revealing. 1 point
1,How can you survive alone without loyalty? Director, please reflect on yourself
1,Live by loyalty and die by loyalty
1,for the sake of one's sake
1,Look at the firepower of Ilgay!
1,It's a movie with no loyalty
1,Loyalty between men >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>The love of an affair man and woman
1,It's not as bad as it's not made
1,a ridiculous film
1,그들을 치료할 수 있나요? 그들을 볼 수 있나요?
1,No fun --
1,In the last scene, how to live alone without loyalty... A movie that doesn't have any loyalty. No more never.
1,I couldn't feel any loyalty from the iceberg approaching the ship
1,a masterpiece
1,Living alone without loyalty, 1 point
1,Your days are over.
1,That's ridiculous
1,Films without loyalty are rubbish!
1,I can't help but die because I don't know
1,So-so.
1,What love does not come true must be calmed down once every three days with the boss
1,No. 1 in the rankings
1,It's on a grand scale
1,It's going to the top
1,Titanic, you have no boss!
1,If Bo Sung-hyung is the main character, I will give him 100 points, but if there is a movie with no loyalty, it's a waste of 1 point
1,Ugh!
1,You're not loyal. It's a waste of 1 point
1,be short-lived
1,I like them all, but they're not good at movies It's a waste of 1 point
1,Titanic. A rare masterpiece
1,I got cancer after watching the movie.
1,The trend of movies these days is "Early! Early!"In a relationship, too!
1,Don't you have any Western-colored keys?
1,That's ridiculous
1,a movie without a grain of salt
1,The real jaemeomneun unveiled its movies.
1,DiCaprio is a loyal subject. He dies alone with a girl he loves. The secret of Salamander, the hero of loyalty, is the best
1,I can't help it... Loyalty!
1,a movie in which a woman lives alone and eats well and lives well
1,It's not good to see if the boat sinks without a hitch
1,Mr. Titanic is sinking now!
1,It's like a boring documentary about how a submarine was born
1,A movie without loyalty is not a movie.
1,I slept because I was sleepy
1,All you need is loyalty
1,a jam-it-nay movie;;
1,When do you think a man dies?When you have a bullet in your heart?When you're trampled by hundreds of rioters?When you eat fermented skate with poison?No, that's when I abandoned the righteousness. The moment the woman abandoned the righteousness, the man's death was already scheduled.
1,Kim OO is so bad at acting
1,Titanic to make a woman's one night eternal love?a sunken writer and directorIt is the most ridiculous rating among Naver's movie ratings. This rating doesn't match this movie
1,The world's most unfaithful movie Stop eating your tears Is it a bone or something?
1,The sight of the ship collapsing was very impressive
1,The ship sank!  To the town!
1,A movie that can't be found without a care
1,Do you have any loyalty to the sinking ship...
1,It's not even a movie.
1,I'll lose my head!
1,a third-rate romance movie
1,It's a movie that can't be found. It's a crazy movie that survives alone and dinggu is a crazy movie
1,It is a movie that cannot give zero points
1,Loyalty >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Love This is the truth of life
1,Ta-da-wool!
1,What a stupid movie to live alone like this! Ouch! I need an ouch!
1,I'm here today to be loyal
1,Loyalty is greater than love!
1,My love is only this much?
1,Better than love!
1,The biggest problem is the subtitle of "Uri!"
1,Kate Survives Alone Without Loyalty
1,The man died first because he couldn't keep his loyalty to the woman Men are the best! And there's a woman! Surviving alone without--; the most important thing in life is euuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!
1,Shut up!
1,You're not loyal
1,1 point because of the heroine who survived without loyalty
1,The heroine has no sense of loyalty
1,What fun is it if you don't have a boss?
1,The trend these days isKate Winslet is disappointed to see DiCaprio being thrown out of her own life and I give you a point. Men are the best! Women are the best!
1,Of course, this movie is fun, but compared to heroes,
1,If there was only one word in the movie...
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,The movie is
1,It's a love without loyalty, so it doesn't come true
1,I don't remember this because it's been so long, but is it about a ship called Titanic being stranded on an owl reef? Gravity beats buoyancy and the body sinks into the water? DiCaprio's gravity is so strong that he loses his mind because of gravity and dies, right?
1,The movie is "Moni Moni" but it's "Loyalty
1,When did I ever tell you I fell into the water?
1,Is a love without loyalty really love?
1,That's a ridiculous movie!That's not fun.
1,She's the only one who survives.A ridiculous movie gets 1 point
1,Loyalty! I'm going with loyalty!
1,Ugh!!!!
1,Loyalty! I'm going with loyalty
1,He's so loyal that he lost his mind!It's like this!
1,This is the righteous flag!
1,He's so ridiculous
1,Come on!
1,Rose Kimchi Nyeon lives alone with no loyalty and Jack Dawson dies alone and gives 1 point
1,I got to know the movie as rain when I saw the Salamander. After knowing the movie, I couldn't forgive her for surviving alone without loyalty. A bad person. A bad person.
1,It's a movie that lacks dignity
1,It's pretty good, but compared to salamander
1,I thought Bonnie didn't cringe at the Salamander
1,Recently, I saw Kim Bo-sung's hero and immediately watched Titanic in the DVD room, and I was so excited to hear that Titanic was the number one movie in the horoscope that I've been watching. Talk about Titanic after seeing the spirituality.
3,The incident itself is a sad thing...
1,Kim Chi-nyeon as an aspect movie.H
1,This is what it is!
1,A movie that is good in scale and grandeur but not educational for children and students. A movie that gives you the stereotypical notion that you can abandon your lover if you can afford it
1,with a view to one's face
1,A woman has no loyalty because she is alive alone.
1,How dare you live alone?
1,I'm blinded by money. It's been 10 years since it was released. You have to pay me to re-open it again You're not loyal
1,I survived by myself and got 1 point!
1,The Titanic passengers in the movie had no loyalty. That's why I give a point.
1,It's a movie with no loyalty, no fiance, no body, no body
1,The Titanic's rating sank?
1,Ah... This kind of movie...지 지 It's a sight to climb up a piece of wood to live alone. If it was Bosung hyung... It's a waste of 1 point
1,The movie's loyal servant who lives alone without a man
1,Dicaprio dumped in the sea...How can a movie be so loyal?
1,I can't believe I'm living alone without honorifics.
1,You're not loyal because you live alone. I give you 1 point
1,I'm going to live alone without loyalty, so I'll give you the lowest score. If I had at least 0 point, I would have given you 0 point
1,I'll give you Minju^^ㅗ
1,I slipped while trying to give 10 stars because I lived alone without loyalty
1,The will of the people!
1,A movie about living alone without loyalty
