미스 슬로운
3,For results and success, a person who betrayed the organization and his colleagues suddenly shows symptoms of crying out for faith and justice when his misconduct was discovered and cornered.
6,I have no complaints about acting, but with my anti-war greed, I ruined the whole movie with the development that gave me a dog probability
5,Not really, I'm just going to read the lines fast, then I'll cut it off and watch it again later...Fast development and fast story may be attractive, but it doesn't suit me, and I think the aesthetics of slowness fits me in the movie
1,I should have retreated when Indonesian palm oil came out. wasting time
1,A movie that shows how stupid but smart-faced, thick-faced sociopath left-wing PC bugs are and how hypocritical and brazen they are in American politics. A bluffing movie of the Democratic Party of America's supporting PC bugs. If an ignorant person has faith, he or she can feel that the world can be seriously ruined. It would be a very interesting movie if you're a PC with a big mouth. If you're a Korean with a normal mindset, I recommend you not watch it for a second. A waste of time. A movie that glorifies a man like his motherland, Yoon Mi-hyang, for two hours.
1,The score seems to be high because of the last twist, but it is a twist that many people who watched the movie would notice in the beginning, and the story depth was shallow compared to the use of legal terms in the movie as a whole, and the devices to intentionally emphasize women were uncomfortable for the same female audience.
1,be eager to target women
2,A movie that doesn't fit the reality that I can't relate to at all
2,It's a movie from OO that doesn't care about other people's pain for the sake of acting like a loose foal
1,A movie that shows why you shouldn't leave big things to women
5,You have to watch out for the tough Yankee girl
5,It's a movie where you watch for 5 minutes before it ends and run boringly
5,It is a corny work that covers creativity in the art of deceitful editing, which has not been able to step out of the traditional truth that it is necessary to plant spies in enemy camps to beat opponents. Watch Fincher's film Find Me if you want to gain insight into the essence of propaganda or the Democratic dog-pig incitement.
1,It's a waste of time
1,I watched a movie that I couldn't do, but it was the first time that I turned it off in 30 minutes. It's hard to understand politics. Why does the line sound like a girl? He's so talkative and he's trying to look cool
6,Chastain's performance was truly a masterpiece.
4,It's so boring. It's like a documentary
1,I trusted the rating, but I'm bored after talking. I wonder if the introduction part is boring and you can't focus and the tension and thrill are well planned.Actually, I don't know. I didn't like it because I was looking forward to it
5,It's a movie about a hysterical female character in her 20s who acts personally and reveals justice by looking for some kind of guilt. Is it a movie that deserves 5 points if you skip PC?
1,Why are there so many rating part-timers? It's not fun to talk about.It's just Jessica Chastain's movie.There are too many part-timers.
1,It's a movie that only cool people would like. Women in their 20s like this the most
1,One-line analysis shows that the group that likes movies the most is women in their favorite group is women in their 20s.
4,No matter how good the results are, there is no point in denying the process
6,It was fun, but I don't really want to give a high rating
1,I guess I was expecting too much. I hated Jessica Chastain
6,I hope you live a slow life
1,It's the worst movie ever!
5,The number of female lobbyists in the U.S. is overwhelmingly small compared to men, and most of them are selling themselves to men, which is very unrealistic.LOL
1,For Jessica Chastain. Only Jessica Chastain is left
2,I don't know why this movie has a good rating
5,It is a movie that is not suitable for our country's sentiment.What do you think of a lobbyist who tries to pass a gun control bill and does all sorts of immoral, illegal wiretapping?It's like Washington in the back of his head.
1,Don't blame a man for prostitution when he's proud of himself
1,The movie's main story is that an old lady buys a little guy with money and eats it
6,The heroine is charming...The last twist was a bit common, but it was okay.Other than that, honestly, it was him.The lines were fast and boringI honestly don't understand the rating
1,It's a good movie to watch, but I think the rating of 9 is too much, so I'll give you 1 point. I think it's in the middle of 8 points
2,I was looking forward to it, but it was kind of gross and dirty.eavesdropping and betrayal for his success.jQuery22405725169149997513_1518721097901? That's funny...Reading the book What is Michael Sheldon's Definition would be helpful for mental health.
1,It's not like I can't watch it, but I can't look for it
1,Personally, the worst movie compared to the netizens' rating is not fun
1,She's so immersed. She doesn't even write down what's wrong. She's the best. She's so realistic. She's so cool. Is it the best movie? You're just trying to win the trial, revealing the past of the people around you and not caring about the trauma.Only in your dream.
6,미스 슬론
5,At first, I didn't know what it was about, but at the end, I was like, "Ah!"
6,The story of a cold-blooded lobbyist who enjoys murder rather than being a righteous brave knight
1,Gun Bill? It's not related to us The topic is boring because it's not fun. And the obvious story. It's a game where Sloane wins anyway
4,I'm talking too much. I'm not touched at all like a movie. It's so contrived
1,Ugh, the tempo was so fast that there were so many lines, so fast and chaotic. I don't like Indonesian movies.The ending twist was also very cheesy
1,8 points, mid-to-late, appropriate
1,I'm on the rating board. It's too high.
3,Despite Jessica Chasté's passionate performance, she doesn't stay interested for more than two hours
5,I'm just gonna watch it for 15 minutes at the end. It's a waste
4,It's like I'm pretending to be shaking a rock in an empty can.Untouchable, predictable and boring progression. It's not movie-like at all.
1,A crime movie to rationalize a criminal.
2,Feminism and socialist sentimentalism in a pretty wrapper. Of course, Korean movies like trash cans are not worth mentioning. A hero for a ridiculous Hillary-style sentimentalist who calls for gun control when there are so many accidents caused by firearms.
1,The score is too high.I think the appropriate Internet rating is 7-8 because the first movie was so fast that it was hard to understand, and I couldn't see the fun of the 9th movie
6,Immersive and cool, but uncomfortable.Will Sloane be the one to be cheered on?I wish the ending was a little more down at the end.It is inconvenient that there is no cost to the reckless means and methods.
6,Although there is a sense of immersion toward the second half, it is difficult to understand the lines or related terms in the early development and the lines are fast and many. In fact, it doesn't need much understanding and the plot itself is simple, but the explanation is a little unfriendly. The acting and directing of the characters are fine.
1,I don't even know what you're doing when you're washing and biting into a fiction. I thought it was a movie about what really happened, but Harry, who came up to pass it, made a fictional law on the movie. I looked it up afterwards and it was completely released.
5,Look at the first 20 minutes and the last 20 minutes. That's too much
1,Even if it's a difference in taste, the rating is too high.
5,It's like a black movie that wants to end up being white. A female lamb came out and had a muscular hand fight...So does it really need to be a woman?
6,Speaks fast, tries to continue the movie with words.
2,..no fun...!!!
1,It's a court movie with an obvious twist and an American smell~ The flow is so boring for a twist compared to the attractive heroine. It's a movie that has 6 points. They manipulate the score somewhere, so they lower it for the score.
5,I'm so bored and sleepy.
1,I tried to wrap it in a sophisticated way with plausible words, but the contents of it are only Chinese counterfeits.
1,Just... I think the rating is way over the top. My GPA is 6.5.
4,I can't believe I was fooled by the rating. ㅠㅠ What kind of twist is this? It's so obvious. I thought, "Is it really this?" Oh my! Are they part-timers in the comments?That's the twist.
1,It's a perfect movie to instill false vanity in crazy people. I strongly recommend watching Jerry Maguire one more time
6,Don't think I'll cut you some slack today. Firm faith, unwavering values, drive, mature and confident in everything, even a lonely life is wonderful.
5,Who's Jessica Chastain? What do you trust, what do you expect? What did she film? The besties are ridiculous
2,The movie's favorite group shows their vanity. It's a shame that you wrapped it up nicely, but in society, a person like Miss Sloan is a sociopath. That's a hell of a sociopath, too. Remember, for that one man, countless people are hurt and fall into the abyss.
1,I just fell asleep because I was ignorant
1,It's really boring...
6,Chastain's acting is the best! But it's like... I made it all up! The same boy cartoon-like development
5,The final twist is very good, but it's very, very boring to get there.
4,I don't really... The story is so obvious and it's not likely. I expected a lot from the ratings, but it's not good. Don't look forward to it too much and watch it moderately
1,The rating is too high. Sloane characters are uncomfortable as if they are looking behind themselves. It's a pretty boring movie except for a dramatic twist.
1,It was like the Virgin Mary.
6,"Robists should read the other person's attitude and go ahead." ▶ 90% of the movies are filled with lines, so it's a little too much! ▶Honest content! Honest composition! So textbook! ▶Jessica Chastain is the only one!
