모던 타임즈
4,I admit that his acting and cinematic production are timeless, but... I'm not funny and just upset about the outsider character who is already suffering from society.
4,I knew the movie was made quite a long time ago, but it was hard to see it as a humor and boring story that didn't work for me. Chaplin's effort to do everything himself, director, is incredible
6,I don't know why the rating is so high...
1,One of the worst movies ever
5,It's a slapstick comedy with no emotions
1,This movie is neither a tragedy nor a comedy.
4,The movie is fast but understanding...
1,It's just like that. I hope only those who want to try it see it
1,I understand what kind of movie it is
1,7 points! I watched it at school and enjoyed it. If I watched it at home, I might have turned it off. For killing time... I don't want to see the Industrial Revolution or anything I just want to appreciate it, my friends, let's not show off
5,There are things that remain the same through the ages. It's the same.
1,Disgusting bluffers especially funny thing is a teen score of 9.59
1,The Early Times
1,Eight points
1,따분한...
6,He's quiet.
6,There are many old movies that I enjoy watching, but in this case, I didn't enjoy watching them.
1,I was tricked by a rating. It's not funny. It's an old movie
1,Because of my personal injury
4,Semanticization and satire are overrated and comedy has come to an end in time
1,It's a silent movie. As expected, the difference between the present and the present is...
6,It's a 1930s movie. ^^ Charlie Chaplin is ahead of his timeK
1,Solka I didn't feel literature at all and I wondered why I watched this for an hour and a half Please adjust the rating
4,It's not funny at all.
1,It's such a lame and boring movie
5,There are some funny parts
1,The unnecessary plotting, the waning sense of criticism with a lot of commercial intentions. "Gradually"
6,Praise him
1,It's not my cup of my taste
1,The movie will be great, but the rating is too high
1,an excessive rating;
1,It's really not that good;
1,It's lagging a bit
1,Good
1,I don't know.
1,I can't believe I made this into a movie
1,Dog OOO movie
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
6,좋아요.
6,^^ Fun movie~ Let's acknowledge the contribution that pioneered the path of movie~
1,This movie is number one?? It's not 1 point, but it needs to be lowered.
1,not much
1,It wasn't good.
1,It's not funny
1,Our nation's national character, Gunjung-ri, Nami gives 10 points, so I'm going to pretend to be noble
1,I don't understand that this movie is better than Shawshank escape
1,In those days, this movie is the best... But times have changed.
1,Get out
1,I'm going to watch the rerun of "Looking for a Top" rather than this.
1,I was the only one who didn't have fun
5,If it's in the early eights.
1,Are you kidding me
1,not much
1,Bubble
1,Eight points are appropriate. The rating is too high.
1,Just one word is the best
1,It's okay, but don't give me 10 points for someone else. That's too much
2,He'll be out in a few days, too. Showbabies will get out early
1,It's too high.
1,Why is the rating so high? Koreans only rate old movies like this
1,It's a masterpiece, but it's too high
1,It's too high.
1,Stop it... Let's watch some movies these days. What's the reason why movies are so good these days?
1,I need to balance it out
5,Just watch
