피아니스트
6,It didn't really hit home
6,Why is this rated high for my family? Movie life is beautiful.I don't know why I'm using the last German general who helped me save me. I'm not in a camp for a long time. I'm not impressed, I'm just looking at the people who shoot and I'm not doing anything.My friend asked me to take it out, so I made it dangerous.
2,The director's a drug-minor sexual assault.a sharp eyes
6,Johnber wins...
1,
1,It feels like a well-made movie, but it's really not fun. Time doesn't go by. And speaking English for a Polish Jew is an icebreaker for immersion. It's a movie with a rating of 6 points, but I think it's too highly rated, so it's terrifying
6,Apart from the perfection of the film, I hate the Jews
6,the story of a war fugitive Of course, most people, including myself, would choose the life of a fugitive like the protagonist.
1,No matter how good the movie is, the director seems to be like that, but I'm not touched
1,What the sex offender director created is old-fashioned. It's dirty. Stop with the Jewish Shield.
6,Based on a true story, the likelihood of a movie is low.
1,,l.kjmlikot7yuit
6,Hello, Park Feng Sik. Im Dark 6th
4,I couldn't sleep because I was scaredcrying
6,The director is a child sex offender--
1,It's so hot, but my depression level is going up
2,Nozum is cruel, Nazi OOOs
5,I'm sure the director of this movie is a sexual assault. Am jQuery22409204996117685362_1524558221939
2,I can't believe you gave me 10 points for this movie. Oh my god.
2,The main character is so frustrating. Keep that stupid man alive, and the heroic rebels die easily.
1,I don't have a rating for a child rapist
1,Yes, the next sex offender director movie
5,About an hour and a half? I turned it off after watching it. It's boring and I think it's going to end with touching piano once at the end... Why is it a masterpiece? It's fun from start to finish, and you're immersed in it. It's a masterpiece that everyone can relate to
6,It is very sad and terrifying to be hated, even by a human being I don't love.
1,While the Nazis were discriminating against Jews, the main character Vladeck instigated discrimination between musical instruments by smuggling more than 1,000 zloty into a violin barrel instead of a piano keyboard. Even in the last orchestra, a solo after the introduction of countless violins
1,Victim cosplay film by Jewish director of underage rapist
6,Honestly, the content is good, but it was so boring
1,I've never seen a masterpiece of Roman Polanski, the director who raped a 13-year-old girl, and the actor in favor of his generosity.
6,I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it...I don't really... and with the last few minutes left, the irony of friendship with a German officer, art...The story is about the main character's acquaintance, and his family dies and he is the only one who persistently survives.
1,Information about the director: http://news.joins.com/article/20112197
1,I am sick of Jewish praise movies.
1,"Running away that doesn't fit the title of the main character, 'Gaemin." The title of the ending movie, "The Fugitive" is more correct. In the past, Jews were victims, but now they're locked up and beat Palestinians, so I don't feel that much sympathy anymore. I don't want to see this emotional transplant movie in the movie industry I don't recommend it
6,Perhaps because I've already seen a few Holocaust movies, Schindlerist or life is not much closer than Beautiful. It was too static and the misery or loneliness was not conveyed well.
1,It's not boring, but this movie shows that you can survive only when you have good connections. He hid them with his personal connections, fed them, put them to sleep, and even the Germans... This is a stupid movie that shows that the world is really mean.
1,Just because someone else gave me 10 points doesn't mean I have to give you 10 points. Everyone has a different perspective. If there's someone who's impressed, there's someone who's not funny. If you give me a low grade, people who say it's low look more low.  If I had a different title, I would have gotten a high score
5,The Nazis are really terrible people. I'm surprised there are still people who advocate for them.
4,It's just like that. Why did I see it?
4,Unlike other people, lead a long, thin life with fame and luck. Compared to people who lived desperately but ended their lives more desperately like his family...
1,The movie is great, but the director...Supervision is the problem --
1,It's boring. It's not a masterpiece. Hitler is a great man
2,I am so sad that I have a painful past.
1,I dozed off the whole time I watched the movie, so I don't know what it's about, but my back hurts. If I kept thinking that I wasn't good enough for money... The two people who went together...
1,It's an obvious story about war and love
1,I remember seeing it before... I didn't like it.
1,A pianist is also a personto be nothing special
1,Even at this moment in time, the film of the devil-like Jews who set up Palestinian territories and drove them, laughing and shooting at children is disgusting and I can't relate to it
1,The main character is so mean. I can't believe this is a movie.It's a touching story when Wei-baek is organized.The end is annoying
4,The only thing that keeps coming out is shooting him to death. It was boring throughout the movie. I don't understand the high rating
2,He was scared to death, played the piano to the Nazis, gave them joy, escaped death, got a coat, and survived. The Germans were moved to hear the piano sound like Ryu Seung-ryong in Myeongnyang
1,I'm sleepy. I don't like the sudden resolution
1,Change the name of the movie to Palestine. You, who were victims of the Holocaust and spat at the Nazis, are now no different from the Nazis, hanging a Palestinian child in front of a car, burning him to death, and attacking a hospital. It may have been a masterpiece at the time, but now it's a rare comedy.
1,The main character who runs away until the end of the movie...All the people are mobilized to get food and live well. Two hours were wasted for the last 10 minutes of the German officer's appearance. the height of boredom
5,It captures the pain of the Jews well and I understand it, but personally it's a little loose. A work that didn't touch more than Schindlerist.
1,I enjoyed it. But the rating is too high
3,As I was impressed by the legend of the pianist because I like music, I watched this movie of course, but it was very different from the title... But it was worth watching.
4,A work that emphasizes human connections hidden in the background of war
2,The biggest flaw in autobiographical media (e.g., books or movies) is to heroize the object. And one of the elements that can easily be made into art, the Nazi and Jewish material, the kind of obvious film that can draw out and defuse people's anger and make them recognized as "a good film."
1,There are so many Jewish persecuted movies that I don't like, they're not the only victims, but they're still persecuted, but there's not a lot of people who are persecuted, and poor and powerless countries are more saddened by the lack of lighting
1,They said they watched the ratings. I'm so disappointed. I almost slept with my family. I don't know if it's touching or not, but for the last 10 minutes, 2 hours...It's really boring.
1,It reminds me of D-War
4,If you look at what the Jews are doing...
1,Why is this touching? I thought it was a waste of time. The one who is bored and runs away wins Is that what it means?
6,I don't understand why the title is "Pianist". The Nazi atrocities are being exposed... Well, no one's talking about the piano... six-point dream
6,I feel that the theme of the story lacks the emotion of probability and the process of the main character's survival
1,A movie that teaches a great lesson that in the event of a war, families, friends, and everyone else will have to escape somehow and survive like a cockroach.
1,The Jewish version of X and Money
1,It's just a pianist, playing the piano, not a few scenes, just surviving the Holocaust
6,The title of pianist raises doubts. I watched it thinking that the piano would be the main factor in the story to match the title of pianist. Like Oscar Schindler's Schindler list. a work with a great distance between the title and the content It's just Spielman's War Survival Movie
1,Complete rubbish movie -- don't watch it, no content
1,It was boring the whole time I watched it. I just want to live, so I don't care whether people around me die or not, and I live alone like a cockroach, and the movie ends.It's a waste of one point
4,the epitome of Jewish damage consciousness marketing It's corny and disgusting.
6,It's so boring. I can't concentrate at all.
3,I shudder in the piano scene, but...
6,What about what Jews do to Palestinians these days?
5,Am I weird? Honestly, I don't know where to find emotion The main character who keeps avoiding me
6,It was because of the high expectations, which made me feel the horrors of the war, but the lack of emotion as a pianist
6,A real war situation. The German officer died in the camp until the end. I'm not that touched...
2,If you think about Pearl Harbor and Private Ryan, you'll regret it. It's almost a documentary
6,I'd rather have Enemy at the Gate or Busters
1,It's no different from many other movies about Nazi cruelty.
1,Is this list of dull first-person events a documentary? I don't know where to be sad.
6,What did a pianist do to all those people who allowed him to survive?
5,The beautiful performance of the surviving loser, but I have to admit that the movie is flat
6,I was so bored that it was my first time watching a movie that I stopped watching for 3 days
5,It was boring all the way through.
2,Spielman, who survived in front of a German officer by playing the piano, was a great scene
2,It wasn't dramatic and the development was boring
4,Except for the piano performance scene, it was a little bland
1,I heard that Jews are slaughtering these days
5,I only felt like other movies of this kind. Nothing special.
6,There was a drama, but there was no emotion.
6,It's a movie that doesn't have much to watch except that one of the surviving Jews is a pianist
5,Connections are really important to survive. He's a very lucky star
3,Wow, I think I'm terribly unique. I really don't know this movie
1,9.2 points or more is not enough. 8.7 points is enough, so 1 point
6,Just a flat piece
1,I am thinking about 6 points, but I give 1 point because the rating is terrible. a film that shows only the evils of war
1,Tired of Jewish Damage Advertising
1,It's jam
1,↓ I think it's really nice, but why is it like that...
6,So a coward who's desperate to survive alone is the main character of this movie?
6,What did he do in the middle of the war? There was no 'moved true story'. It's just a survival story
6,I did a good job of portraying the misery of that time, but... I'd rather recommend "Life is Beautiful".
6,I guess I really don't know how to watch movies.I guess I'm ignorant.Which part is so touching ㅠㅠ
5,I'm kidding. There's no twist. It's just a horror movie of a dark war
1,Pianist lol just struggle for survival.Thank the German officer.
6,The history of the Jewish people's memories that they want to go back to. The country of Korea will make this kind of movie
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,Why a pianist?
4,I can see why this is the title of the pianist
5,Networking + talent is the best? It's boring. It's not fun and touching.
1,The Survival of an Incompetent Jewish Pianist...
1,You mean Jewish life? I can only see him running away
1,Cowardly Jews are busy running away
5,This used to be number one?
6,It's a movie I watched a long time ago. Is this movie about Jews complaining of injustice?
1,I like music movies, but it is not a movie.I think 5-6 will be enoughWorkout to get rid of part-time jobs!
1,I don't recommend it
6,It's not touching. The main character's emotions are so restrained. It's more like a documentary
6,8 points for a documentary and 4 points for a movie
1,I don't know why the title is Pianist.I don't know what the movie is about.
5,Boring... I don't know if it's touching... I guess I'm a weird guy.
6,One. The Nazi killer, two. When the hell do you play the piano? Third, it's not 9 points
3,It's not fun at all. I'll give you seven points if you follow half of the Schindler's list.There are no Jews. The race that should be
4,Unimpressed. Seems to be over-packaging a mediocre movie. It's just a story of Jewish abuse
1,It's just so-so. It's a 7-point movie with a high rating, but it's 0 because it's a high rating
2,...Hmmm...............
2,My family got on the train of death. At the end, the main character is playing Grand Polonaise.
2,I don't understand how high the rating is too high
4,Huh? Isn't it a movie by a rapist? Three stars. Minus
6,a dull movie
2,It's not as touching as I expected, and the piano selection is a miss
1,I was looking forward to seeing it because the rating was good, but it was disappointing.;;
1,..........good movie but...sorry
4,It shows the brutality of war well, but I don't think it's touching.Life isn't all about beauty
5,It shows their miserable lives and the cruelty of the German army throughout, but it's just the same butcher.
1,The movie that netizens don't understand the most!
6,The main character's cowardice was frustrating and angry, but a touching movie?
6,It's really my first time writing this, but I think the rating is too high.
6,The emotions I feel while watching a movie are bittersweet...
4,It's a true story. What's wrong with you?
6,I saw it because it had a high rating.I was a little bored.
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
2,It's not clear what I'm talking about, and I think it's just a movie that mimics a movie.
2,It's amazing and touching that there really is such a true story. be like a novel^^
3,a movie that is neither touching nor entertaining and loose throughout the whole time
1,It's so boring
6,Bad movie for the dry.
6,It's like watching a pathetic pianist's life of war
1,Is this foam?
5,It's hard to sympathize with the movie due to the lack of popularity, but in Korea, the ratings for the movie are all high. Funny
2,There are a lot of people with exotic tastes. Or pretend to admire them and sympathize with them? The rating is funny.
5,It doesn't match the title and content of the story that's almost the same as Jewish
1,It's just plain Disappointed
2,It's trash.
1,The movie was fun, but it's too bad
5,I don't know what's different from other movies, it's the same human nature to survive.
4,I don't know why this movie is famous.
6,Everyone, don't go overboardIt's just about starving a poor victim, a national pianist
1,If you use the Holocaust as the subject of the movie, is it all highly productive? The film festival is now recognized.
3,I shouldn't have seen it. I looked at it because it had a high rating. That's not funny.
6,I didn't have much fun, but the famous movie was a little...
3,It's not as good as I thought.
5,Where should I be touched?The scene where I survive and perform at the end?A scene where a German officer helps?
6,That's the only Jewish director's Nazi-cracking?
6,I was just bored.What's so touching?
6,It's not touching. It's boring
1,The film is highly productive, but it's not fun. It feels like I've seen a documentary
4,It's so calm that it stretches for a long time.
6,a happy ending for a coward
6,seem overrated
5,What the hell is touching about?
6,A movie that made me realize that I should watch most Nazi movies before watching Schindler
6,A brave, boring close-up with huge historical pain and facts as a barrier
5,Should I act like I'm moved in front of a high rating?
1,Why is it a masterpiece? Why am I not touched?
6,If I hadn't looked at Schindler's list, it would have been fine... but for now...
5,In front of a blood-drying running time. The fun and the excitement collapsed
6,It is a desperate survival movie of a traitor pianist who survived by meeting a good officer.
1,The content is good, but I don't understand it well
5,It's boring. It's not fun. It's not thrilling. There's no twist. I'm not impressed. The story structure is single-track.
1,I haven't watched it, but I can't understand a lot of things
1,A movie that's worth even one point...Maybe it's because we don't have the same taste.Waste of time, waste of money ㅠㅠ
1,It was a waste of 148 minutes watching this, and it was a waste of money for the movie tickets
6,Well, it's not a bad movie, but these ratings... How did it come out?
1,The biggest mistake of my life is that I watched this movie. Is there another boring movie like this?
3,Compared to the quality of the film, the title of the film was too misplaced. It's like watching the Schindler's List part 2
4,One of the most overrated movies.
1,The smell of Jewish manipulation
1,Top
1,It's a masterpiece, but I was bored.-_-;;;
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,The best movie of my life
1,..it's not funny compared to the grade
1,In addition to the last scene;;
6,The title "Pianist" is a shame.
1,an unfavorable feeling
1,a good movie
1,I didn't watch this movie because I saw a secret that I couldn't tell.I don't feel like another movie
1,I can't forget the boredom of early and mid-life
4,I don't know...
4,It's boring, it's not touching. Hmm, below expectationsThat's too much compared to Schindler.Huh.
5,It's disgusting to see the Nazis drop his grandfather off a chair and kill him.
1,This is really not it
3,It's not as good as I thought
1,I didn't like playing the piano in a very serious movie
3,It's not a touching movie. It's just that kind of course
6,an unimpressed cliche
6,Why am I not touched?
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,It's just a cowardly musician.My colleagues are dying, but it must be nice to live alone
6,It was fun. I wasn't touched
6,I don't know why the rating is so high.I believed in the wrong rating ;;
3,I personally like Chopin's nocturnal songs, so I'm giving him this much The movie itself isn't that great
4,Honestly, I don't know What's touching and what's unforgettable...
6,Polanski's great disappointment
5,It was pitiful, it was touching, but...What did he do?
4,Isn't this kind of movie for professionals?  I'm not touched. I'm just wondering what you're doing.
1,I guess I don't know how to watch a movie. It was really boring --ㅡㅡ
3,Reproduction of history...There's only a realistic reproduction...There is no cinematic fun.
1,It's nothing new about Jewish stories.Why are you a pianist?
5,It only appears that a man is struggling to survive.
4,Is it because it's too realistic? The movie that was so boring...
5,I'm bored and can't watch art movies. I'm tired of you guys who always give me 10 points
5,I don't know if it's because I have high expectations... The main character's acting was good, but...
1,I almost fell asleep.
6,I was looking forward to it, but it was bland than I thought. It's not that touching
2,Why is the score so high?
1,It's not second place.honestly
1, a horst.
1,Not really
1,All of Megatron's fighting!
1,Other than the actor's acting, it doesn't come very close.
1,There's foam
1,Long live D-War!
1,Hooray for D-War! Let's throw away Transformers and post D-War!
1,I'm just sad that there's nothing hot about it
1,I enjoyed watching it ㅇㅅㅇ
1,Everything is meaningful when you transform
1,I want action!
1,여기 옵티푸스 프라임이 있다...
1,Instead of throwing away the breathing techniques that action should have, Technique is the movie that you chose
6,I don't know why it's so high.
1,It's okay with the end, but it's so vomit
6,The piano sound that you can't feel the emotions. So?
3,I'm sorry that I couldn't watch it until the end
1,I fell asleep while watching this movie.
1,Roman Polanski's art...Especially the color! 10 points for sure!
1,I don't know. What should I do?
1,This is good, this is good.Strongly recommended!
1,That's great. A movie that I want to give a rating of 8.in the spirit of getting off
5,Look at the Schindler list!!!
6,Compared to Schindlerist, it is a poor work.
6,The artist's gaze at music, who lived in a strong era, is powerful.
3,To impress the grossly contrived production. to force a war into being
5,Schindler's list is the best.
1,I could have made it a little more touching.
1,It can't be better than a multicellular girl.
1,There's a movie like this
1,so, that
5,It wasn't good.Touching is...
5,Pianist
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
6,somehow
4,Somehow.
1,This is a purely survival movie.I'll stick to one's back
1,A Jewish story that has been breached dozens of times + an awful lot of boredom
5,When I play the piano like crazy and when I play the piano in the air, my heart beats
5,Best? Even if the content was good, it was too long and very boring
1,That's amazing
1,I just trusted the ratings. full of regrets
1,I've been watching it since I didn't have much time. It's a little x 100 boring
1,How did you get this rating? Rain, recommendation!
1,Boredom-boredom-bored
1,You're in the first grade
1,Boring. The only funny scene is playing the piano in front of an officer
6,It would have been better if it were a different title.
1,It's not fun
5,It's not great enough to be in the rankings
4,"I like acting. When do you play the piano?"
4,I don't know where you get touched.
6,I was disappointed because I was looking forward to it
1,Is this a movie?
1,"Story of a cockroach in a human mask"... What's the 2nd place?
1,As expected, it's a first-class movie. Grade 1 ^^
6,a well-made film However, it is actually nothing more or less.
5,It's so cruel, but it gives me a feeling
1,A touching but boring piece
1,Netizen's rating is too generous! The movie is about 8.5?
2,It's a little boring.
1,so, that
1,not much
1,I hate the piano
3,I was surprised by the horoscope.Is this movie touching?
6,Let's not make too much of a Jewish movie.;;
1,As expected, it was very boring...
6,Do we have to survive like that? The movie is realistic
1,Poor composition, poor piano performance, just a poor man's story.That's all.
3,Just, Roman Polanski, nothing more or less.
1,The story of a lucky pianist whose patriotism is nowhere to be found
1,Eating the rice ball...
1,I think it's a movie that exaggerates the Jewish people.It's not funny.
1,8 points is enough...
1,Worst Jewish movie ever...
1,It's a cheap movie
1,It's a cheap movie
1,It's a cheap movie
1,Director's error
1,Not my style;;
6,Is this the best?
6,It is by no means more than Spielman's autobiography.
5,It's a good representation of reality, but it's a little boring.
1,What is this?
1,Life is the best! This kind of movie is trash
1,Why isn't there a zero point?
1,That's a bubble
1,Life is beautiful. I came from Pa.
1,Good bye!
1,Wow! I can't believe there are so many protectors. ^^*
1,Let's make the kids mad.
1,I'm touched ㅠㅠ I'm crying so much my eyes are swollen that I missed my horoscope lol
1,retribution of cause and effect
1,You guys gave me 1 point without looking at it, so I'll give you 1 point without looking at it
1,Not good.
1,One point... Earlier, Eunyeong... Thanks for the history special!
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,I'm not interested in things like this
3,Honestly, it was boring.
6,Look at Hanake's pianist who released it at the same time. Oh my god.
1,Why is it so boring?
1,The first part is cruel to women, and compared to the book, it's a poor work.
4,It's touching, but it's not enough.It's pathetic, but it's not funny.
1,I'm bored.
1,Polish Jewish Story
4,The movie was good, but the overall score was too high
1,It's a perfect movie
6,Obvious stories, boring developments, and instructive films of the orthodox method
5,Not really. I can't reach it
1,This movie is too high.
1,What a boring movie
1,It wasn't good.
6,Polanski's eccentricity saved him from the obvious human drama.
1,The content is boring
1,It wasn't good.
1,It was just...
4,It feels a bit dry. Is it the charm or weakness of this movie?
1,so, that
1,It is more interesting to buy OOO
1,I like you
1,I recommend it more if you like piano.
1,It's not a pianist's movie, but a movie about how hard he tries to live.
6,A movie that was somewhat poisoned by excessive boredom.
1,I didn't like it
5,The pianist survived to the end.
6,It would have been better to make a documentary.Movies need to be fun
1,The score is too high
1,It's worse than Emergency Action No. 19. I'm serious.
1,What is it?
1,Another obvious inducement of Jewish sympathy made by the Jewish director is boring.
1,It's a good movie, but it could be different for everyone
1,It's really fun ㅠㅠ it was the best
6, well
6,Trying to impress...Boredom and boredom...This is not right.
3,What is the relationship between a pianist and World War II?
1,I'm sick of it...
1,It's really nothing
1,a separate room
5,I'm getting a little tired of the Holocaust.
5,Make sure you bring a can opener. If you have connections, you'll survive
1,A movie that promotes anti-Naziism no matter what! I can't watch it because it's disgusting
5,I like this kind of movie, but strangely, this movie is not good
5,Movies shouldn't be boring.
6,The quality of the work was the best, but boring was a big drawback.
6,??Persistent life..I can only remember the German officer...
1,Jews forget their past and persecute other peoples.
5,Why was I bored?
2,He's lost all his self-esteem and he's focused on his own life.It was deeply unpleasant.
1,lol
1,Well...
1,Impression is that life is beautiful.I don't know if it's because I watched dozens of Holocaust movies
1,The movie was a good one, but now the Jews are saying that they should have been exterminated.
1,It's so cruel that I can't watch it
5,It's a really touching movie
1,The movie is great.But those who know pain are now suffering to others.
1,Are Jews victims of the past or present killers of the present?
1,If you've seen a lot of Jewish massacre movies like me, it's not very touching.
3,The story of two hours of hiding from start to finish. To be honest, it was so boring.
5,I really enjoyed watching it
1,That German officer... He's the coolest...
5,Adrian Brody. Cool and lethargic. In a desperate situation to survive, he plays the piano
5,What the hell is fun about?
1,It's the last piano song that makes your soul wet.So art was great
2,I'm really sorry, but...It falls short of my expectations.
1,I was really, really touched.I'd like to recommend a movie to watch
6,I don't think it's a movie that suits me
1,A soul-laden performance.  It was a heartbreaking sadness.The quality of the work is amazing
