온리 더 브레이브
1,The level of a director who ruined a true story that would be touching enough to just use it as it is with poor lines
1,The rating is too high.  the initial boredoment
1,I recommend you watch it 20 minutes before the movie ends Opened 2 bags of fries
1,I'm so bored...
1,It's not funny. Don't look. a waste of time
6,An American-style touching story
4,Honestly, then...really
6,It's a pretty plain movie, so know that there's no emotional heaviness or entertainment that the true story gives you.
2,In the meantime, I didn't even watch the preview of the movie about firefighters on purposely. Then I turned 20 years old and I saw him at home drunk, but I didn't want to see him. Father, fireman, stop it.
6,온리 더 브레이브
6,Well, I'm moved because it's a true story, but it's a little long...crying
1,The rating is too high;; development is extremely slow and boring
6,If you expected a kind of disaster or action to deal with firefighters fighting fires, you can feel unexpectedly boring. However, the theme of the movie in the ending comes to be very touching.
1,I was so bored that I really slept well while watching it
6,Real heroes who deserve respect. Reality is always more dramatic than movies.
1,Is 20 OOO a movie because of sexist jokes?
4,Boring chatter all the way throughout of the end of the end of the day. The pilot's got a lot of mischief, and the captain's got to get back to him, and he's using a battery there
2,I watched it after the rating, and it is a very boring movie.
5,It's not a movie with 9 points, but why is the rating so high?
5,A film that clearly shows what happens when you meet a wrong leader. What's the current Korea?
1,It is boring because it lacks a lot of emotion and lingering emotions than expected, and the running time is long.
6,How did you do that in one go?ㅠ;;;;
5,In the movie, sudden changes in wind speed were the cause of the accident, but in most cases, it was a command mistake that did not secure a safe retreat regardless of communication loss. Even in the movie, his wife briefly hinted that the fire captain is still a drug addict.
1,America's hero movies themselves are not interesting, not such a highly rated movie
1,A movie that I didn't make well...
6,It's sad because it's a true story, but the middle part is boring
1,I'm just bored trying to get the impression out of the fireman's performance
5,I'm sure everyone will admit that they're great. However, the movie itself is bland and lacks impact.
4,2018 (12A) > 19+1 >> Firefighters deployed in the early stages of forest fires... HOTSHOTS...
4,I'm sorry for the end of the boring development
1,Just kidding. I'll watch it for 10 minutes and quit
1,I won't say much. It's not fun. 3 letters is enough
4,I don't know why it's 9.5
1,A Small Disaster Old Man's True Story
1,This movie is really boring. Why is this 9 points? jQuery22403171601698869453_1521640918240 Just because a firefighter is a cool hero?
1,The rating is too high. Zoom 1 point. 6 points is enough. Different cultures don't agree.
5,It's a sad movie based on facts... There is no fun in the movie and the culture is different, so I can't get into it at all.
1,I can't stand the boring movie in the beginning. Say what you want to make a movie, true story or whatever.
1,The rating was so good that I thought it would come out during the running time of 2 hours and 14 minutes, but it didn't come out and the boring 2 hours and 14 minutes ended.
5,The scene connection is not smooth and the story is weak, but it is slightly touching.  It is by no means a masterpiece.
6,불타고 있다
6,Overall, it's boring, and the scene where 19 people die at the climax is frustrating.I didn't think of a true story, but it was a movie that was disappointing.My condolences are on the sacrifice of the firefighters.
6,I was shedding tears, but suddenly after 3 years
1,+5 points just because it's a true story. If it wasn't a true story, a 3-point movie.
2,I was looking forward to the rating, but I was impressed by the true story, but the movie itself was boring and boring.
6,In the beginning, there was nothing boring, but it was still touching and it was a movie that made me know the job of a firefighter in detail.
1,Korean movies that turn off the lights are 100 times more annoying
2,I expected it because the reviews were good, but I got in trouble because it was so boring.
1,Advance squad: All retreat!!!
1,Ah... Don't be fooled by the part-time job comments. It'll be fun. keep waiting while doingI ended up sleeping...
2,It's a family drama that comes out in the middle because it's boring.Trees. Not nature, but a yankee family.It's a work drama
4,I think the score is too high. I don't think it's in the 9th grade I appreciate the spirit of the victims, but I'm sorry to say that the movie itself is not enough to watch it in theaters
6,The content was great, but it wasn't very interesting
2,It's a bit boring, but it doesn't really hit home
2,I'm going to write an excerpt. I came out while looking at my cell phone.
1,The last firefighter's death brought tears...However, the rating is too high to adjust
4,2018.3.7 CGV Yeongdeungpo is not bad, but it is not very immersive because it is a country with a different background based on a true story
4,It's worth watching
6,It was provided by Korean Air. It was fun
2,Helljosen saves drowning cats more than the people!
2,It's an American style firework
6,I found out the reason why it's hard to find the review of On Leader Brave anywhere else besides here after watching the movie.I'm sorry to hear that, but don't expect too much from the firefighters.
6,Maybe because it was a forest fire movie, I couldn't concentrate on the movie because the movie theater was too hot. I watched until the middle and came out The movie theater is so hot.
6,I saw it on the first day of its release, and there are no people watching the movie, but who is posting the rating comments...It's kind of boring
4,Just watch it at home Postscripts. As if you didn't really watch it
