센과 치히로의 행방불명
4,Music, video beauty, good... But there is no substance in the content
1,I didn't like it. I liked the visual beauty
6,I'm watching right now, and it's really weird. That's very Japanese. From the setting that it's a hot spring where ghosts come. Toto, Ponyo, and this cartoon. Hayao Miyazaki seems to be a very anxious person. There is always anxiety at the bottom. I think it's the cartoon's hit when the dirt scene comes out in the middle.
3,Unexpected probability and plot, the Japanese Comic Security Council, the best Japanese comic book ever, Crayon Shin-chan, will never be stopped
1,If he had gone the other way, this wouldn't have happened...
5,This movie is overrated. It's fun, but there's no explanation for the settings There's a lot of things that I don't understand when I see it for the first time How about Sen's past, why Haku is a dragon, God-given platform, and the writer is imaginative, but when I see it for the first time, there's a lot of things I don't understand
2,I wonder why I'm watching this all the time... Would it have been different if I watched it before? I guess the fun and touching level depends on the age
6,Now that I see it, all of Ghibli's works are children's stories
2,When I was young, when I saw it, I cried. It was so touching that I was excited to bring that feeling to life. I was 34 years old today. There was no emotion at all! What is this? I don't know why I was so moved when I saw it. Was I innocent then? The obvious story OST reminds me of those days
5,Was it necessary to make it difficult enough to search for interpretation?To list the strengths of this work, I don't think it's an advantage that dictates the OST, dynamic painting style.
6,Honestly... It's a bit upsetting Dirty, ugly and nowhere attractive. I'm looking at Arieti, but there's a huge difference
1,It's so famous that I'm watching it, but why it's so boring...I don't know what you're trying to say. I've been watching this for a few days now, but I fell asleep in the middle of it, so I'm watching it again and again...There is still an hour left.After
6,I watched the movie after the evaluation. I guess I'm very different from others.
2,It's like the story is all over the place ㅠㅠ GaoWhy did you get a sleeveless shirt? I agree with the visual beauty
1,I can't stand it because it's so weird. The scene where my parents turn into pigs is scary even now that I'm an adult. All the other characters are like ghosts and ghosts, and I got traumatized after watching this movie when I was in elementary school.
1,It's a movie that's less likely to be overrated and only instilled in the fantasy of elementary school students. Your name is really 9 points
2,There was prostitution in the old Japanese hot springs.The role of Chihiro in Senwa Chihiro is Yuna, which refers to a woman who engaged in prostitution at the time.And you need to focus on sleeping during the day and taking a hot spring only at night. Prostitution is usually done at night.The reason for each room is that it is only a simple hot spring, and there is a lot of exposure to employees' clothes.It's a life video and it seems touching, but the reality is different.
6,Wow, looking at it again after I got older, I'm not touched at all.I'm annoyed by what my mom and dad are doing.I'm really tired
1,Even in this situation, there are dog pigs who watch Japanese movies. This kind of Japanese movie must be a mess
1,What's so funny? I don't understand
1,Honestly, I'm not going to give you 1 point, but I give you 1 point for correction because the score is too high. Hayao Miyazaki's movie was extremely unexpected. I don't understand that a movie of this magnitude has such a good evaluation.
1,The probability is low from time to time, and I don't know what's fun about this.Is it because I don't fit with Japanese animation?I don't recommend it because it's childish
6,
1,★"Howl's Moving Castle" along with the worst piece of work created by greed to make money. A story of heating up and down without any special topic consciousness or message. Hayao Miyazaki, the opening film of the Ghibli studio, to make a big hit. the biggest problem ①a groundless development I don't understand why it's happening or why it's acting like that. I tried to understand, but I gave up. ②Characters and settings copied from famous works (black shadow?) This is Evangelion's apostle. It was a familiar character that I saw somewhere, so I kept getting caught, but when I searched it, it was plagiarism. You can't look back until you get out of the tunnel? Howl's Moving Castle, a story from Hades in Greek and Roman mythology, was also cursed at, but this is the same.It is a third-rate way to make "start and end" due to the lack of story skills, and to force in the middle process, such a crazy movie was born.Miyazaki is old, and if he's not good enough, don't make him anymore. He'll only cut down on the status he's created
1,It's just a weird story
6,Hayao Miyazaki, the author of "Sen and Chihiro's Missing," said in an interview that the film likened Japan's satire on prostitution for minors at the time. According to the author, the hot spring was a scene of prostitution at a Japanese hot spring in the past, using the name of a woman who was prostitute, "Yuba," and Sen wanted a girl who was sold to the market at a young age to pay off her parents' debts. At the end, Chihiro's real name suggests that he was able to run out of the colorful prostitution market, and the author said, "I still feel sorry for the young women's exposure to the prostitution industry." Therefore, this movie is not intended to entertain young children, and the interpretation that it is a child's growth movie is even more contrary to the theme. It is a movie aimed at adults to criticize sex trafficking in minors.
1,It's disgusting. Why does Japan draw things like this?
1,Japanese version of "Alice in Wonderland"
1,kjl;jryredyujiko
1,preferential rates under the Land Law for imported arsenals and arsenals
2,The color of Ghibli is so nice! A movie that's perfect for an apricot! I was bored the whole time I watched it, so I just wanted it to end quickly
1,A cow wants to be Jewish.
1,It's weird. What the hell is this about?
1,Oh, a deniable human padded coat.
3,Other than music, it's not that... boring and stimulating
1,It's not fun. I wasted my time. What are you having fun?
6,I really enjoyed watching Howl's Moving Castle. This story was not as good as I expected. Paintings are still fascinating, but...
1,I don't know what's funny about this.
1,I really don't think so.One point is a waste
5,It's personal for each person, but...I think 5 points is right
2,This movie is my life movie and my best movie. I can't get enough of this movie and I can't skip it. It's a masterpiece
5,Um... I couldn't remember seeing it when I was really young, so I watched it at the age of my late 20s, but it was boring and didn't feel much...
4,I was shocked when I first saw it in high school. It was a little uncomfortable that Japan's unique gloomy paintings were revealed strongly. It's kind of creepy even when I watch it again recently. I admit it's a great animation, but I was strangely opposed to the dark sentiment of Japan.
6,Even when I was young or want to escape reality, it's still difficult and not fun to watch again. Anyway, the worldview Namjoo Devil's Grandmother OST is similar to Howl's feeling. Also, with Firefly's Myo Setsuko, the cutest female character ever in Ghibli
3,I don't know what's fun and what's touching
1,Is it possible to cry after watching "OZIM" overrated?
1,a cartoon floundering with opportunity and disgust and fantasy
6,I don't think it's my cup of tea.
1,It's sad that there's no face like Haku in Japan
1,I can't give 0 point for N.O.B. Is there no improvement?
1,Don't watch this. It's been 2 hours
1,A man or a woman who is full of Japanese colors and makes a stupid face all the time.What's funny?
1,I think 8 to 9 points are appropriate. The rating is too high.
6,I don't know what it was when I was a baby, but I remember not seeing it because it was gross. After I became an adult, I could see the story and it was worth watching, but I lost my interest...
4,Honestly, all the characters inside are charming, but I don't know what they're talking about.Really... I watched it once and forgot what I saw, so I watched it one more time.Just... Mystery about what it's about
1,You have to give 1 point for Japanese culture
1,For those who forget history, it's a waste of a point. Get lost
6,I focus purely on the characters, actions, lines, and what I feel at the moment in the event. Annie left me with nothing but ? Black, translucent lumps or human figures played a part in distracting attention from watching animations. What is that? And Annie was done.
1,Why is this so high? Embarrassed.
2,What are those who cried watching this?Jinsung Jinta? I didn't feel very sad and touching because I was sensitive.It was okay to be calm in the movie, and it was too big to get more than 9 points, so I dream of 2 points
1,Let's not eat anything like other people's food pigs. Please
1,I don't understand what's so funny
4,It's a waste of time. The first 10 minutes were fun
1,It's sentimental, it's fun, but... The rating is too high. The same goes for Howl's Moving Castle. Japanese Annie NAVER score seems to be overrated, so I give you 1 point
4,I was fooled... This movie has such a high rating
1,It's fun to watch a movie like that
1,It's not good. Disgusting. The baby is cute
1,It's such an overrated cartoon.Even though it is a total viewer, there are many bizarre scenes in the eyes of young children, and while making them feel scared, I cried because my daughter was scared
1,I don't understand anyone who says they're dirty even if I keep looking at Bedat. I feel sorry for the trash thrown away outside. I think I'll take a shower with tears every day. Anyway, watch the normal war of dresses. That's more touching and sad.
1,I didn't feel much personally
6,The story is interesting but what's so great about the movie. The sensitivity of gisaengs is a movie that would have been less than 7 points if mankind had only a man
6,It contains meaning, but the development itself is so boring and boring.
6,A movie that warns of human desire. Unfortunately, I couldn't relate to Chihiro's feelings
1,This is funny?
5,Turns out he's in love with the river. It takes a while for me
1,Nonsense, it's not a dream, it's just a slap in the face and it's like an animation What's fun and good?It's a waste of time that I can't understand
1,Honestly, I don't understandIt's not about anything special, it's about the ambiguity of the subject, it's about distracting, it's about more than a child of fantasy, and I don't understand Annie's fame and workmanship
1,Isn't it just a popular animation for kids?
5,When Sen and Haku broke up... Can we meet again? When I said, "Let's meet again," they felt so warm. It's beautiful that such a mind exists
1,It's not a sophisticated fantasy. It's a fairy tale fantasy. It's worth watching, but it would be right if it's rated at 7 points
1,The rating is too high for the quality of the work
1,I trusted the rating and watched it until the end, but after watching the ending, I was stunned for three minutes. What is it? I thought I had a similar sensibility to an ordinary person.What the hell is so funny about this? I'm shocked that this is mid-nine.
4,It's just this level.That level
1,It's for the kids. It's worth giving me 7 points, but I don't think it's enough to eat TOP 7. One point for rating adjustment.
1,It's not something you should just look at Disappointed. Disappointed
1,It's not fun because it's not fun. It's over
1,I came to lower the rating because it was too high.  I can't believe it's higher than the movies that will be history.LOL
1,Among Hayao Miyazaki's works that I personally like, the story is the most distracting one.
1,I was looking forward to it, but it was okay
1,Worst Annie score, 1 point is a waste
1,A ridiculous cartoon? A director who made what he wanted to do? OOO?
1,I don't think animations fit me No fun at all right
1,That's too high
5,There are a lot of John scenes while watching it, but the scenes that I didn't see could be tied to the fifth time I watched this movie. There are many fantastic scenes, but Miyazaki's works are all heavy and sleepy, and I don't want to look for them on purpose, and I hate them because they are senile inspiration works that certify right-wingers with wind
6,The psychological description of the main character in a special situation is unrealistic, but paradoxically, it is convincing. It is regrettable that the flow of the story is obvious and there are some boring parts.
1,The bubbles are too much ;;;;
1,It's beautiful, but it's not that touching.I interpreted it and expressed it like this You could put it back on, but not this Annie...There are many interesting or touching Japanese animations.The ranking is too high. 1 point for rating.Personally, I'd like to give you about 7 points.
1,I'll adjust the rating. Sorry
5,What the hell are you talking about in the movie, and I feel like there's something great about it.  I don't even understand why they say it's fun
1,I watched the most boring movie of my life.
1,Ohhhh kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
1,Kaonashi didn't like Chihiro, but he was naive and didn't know much about the world, so he went into the bathhouse, right? And didn't you want to eat Chihiro because humans are the most delicious? I made a bet with my friend, but I lost, so I got 1 point
1,Jjokguk video media is no no...; only love letters are accepted.
3,Ghibli works are always less likely than paintings, even if they are viewed from a child's perspective.
3,It was fun, but a little scary.
1,To be honest, it wasn't bad for Annie. The rating statistics show that most teenage girls give 10 points, but I don't say much Look at the other masterpieces and rate the movie, it's too overrated.
1,I think 5 points is appropriate except for what's fun and what's
1,Kids don't care about cartoons
5,It's worth watching. But I don't think it's in the 9-point range
1,After watching Hayao's retirement work, "The Wind Blows," I was disappointed by the lie of anti-warism until now, and once again by the pretense and hypocrisy of the Japanese
1,It was such an obvious story.
5,It's the best. It's hard to watch a movie~~
1,I enjoyed watching it.
1,Wow, this is too much foam. This is the only Annie with a rating of this kind? It's not fun at all, and you force it to be meaningful. The ending song was worth listening to. The rest is forced to make a story.
1,I don't know what's funny at all.
1,I saw it because I heard it was so fun, but it's a fantasy OOO cartoon. I can't believe it the real thing
1,Honestly, it's really fun, but the overall rating of 4th place... I don't think it's that good
2,Eight movies are enough...
1,What kind of cartoon is in the same ranking as a movie like Shawshank Escape? Please get out of the way, maniacs. I also enjoyed watching this, but it's not this kind of money.
1,It's one of the overrated films of all time. Especially the goblins. Terrible, touching story. Less than gravity
1,I don't want to waste half a star
6,I'm good at getting into character.What should I say? It's a composition that looks familiar.The production inside the movie was good, but...I don't think it's a movie that deserves a lot of praise
1,I don't know why the score is so high.
6,People who give 10 points seem to give 10 points in any movie. I think the people who gave me 1 point are trying to balance the score because of those people.
1,This kind of movie is not fun. 10 letters
1,An animation that doesn't need words.
5,Why do you keep giving meaning that doesn't even exist? People who think it's funny think that their mental age is under 10 years old...
1,It's fun, but the score is too high, so I give you 1 point Hah!
1,No matter how hard it is, this is NAVER' Does it make sense?
1,What do you mean it's okay? Everything, including perfection, is less than Disney
5,I give you 5 points overall.
1,Why 1 point? No, this movie is number one
5,Honestly, it wasn't that fun
1,I don't know... Was this such a great Annie?
1,There were so many comments saying it was fun, so I watched it and as expected... I don't understand what kind of mental world he has that unique soupy monster in Japanese animation. While I was watching, I thought there would be something at the end, and while I was struggling until the end, the ending came out
1,The coach used the same pattern too much, so I give him one point this time.
1,It's too high. It's too high. It's too high
1,A bad movie that glorifies Chihiro's hard daily life, where his parents are kidnapped and exploited like Jeolla-do island slaves. There are no OUT unions, no wage negotiations, no labor exploitation, no food, no bathroom scenes
1,The movie that brought me an accidental trauma as a child. Now that I watch it again, it's really bad.
1,Honestly, if I was going to get 0 points, it's not fun.
1,There's nothing missing about the artistry, but I can't stand the trashy bark that gives me a high rating.
6,It's just so-so
5,I saw it at school when I was young, but I remember it was not fun. I should watch it again
5,It's fun. Hahahaha, I love you
1,I wish we had a good animation like this
5,I think it was worth watching againGood
1,Childish Annie...Japanese animation is still elementary school level
1,I don't understand why you're coming out again now and catching people's attention.
6,Fun but not many theaters.
6,I don't know what this is about. It's not that
1,Super nuclear no fun, super no fun, super no fun
1,I didn't really enjoy watching an animation.Quality is lower than Disney
3,It's a piece that made me feel my personal preference.Others say it's fun, but it's the least interesting Ghibli piece.The video is cooler and prettier than other works, but strangely, it wasn't that fun.Scary personal preference...
1,The content is childish.a right-wing coach
1,This is the 2nd highest rating on NAVER Movie DB. Look at the Navarian class...;;
2,Gwangmyeong Lotsi] I watched it because the Naver rating was so high, but it wasn't fun. I love Japanese comics, but Hayao Miyazaki is not my cup of tea. I hate the style of painting. Above all, the story is too slow and monotonous. So the movie was boring and there was nothing to watch.
1,You do it on TV a lot. Why would you watch it?
4,It's so boring. Honestly, I don't know what the topic is or why it's fun. I don't know why it's ranked second. It's just that...  Anyway, I don't know if this movie is great, but I'm sure that there are more great movies than this one
1,Stop crying. After the Ghibli movie, everything is ruined, so I'm preparing to remake everything that worked well
1,A teenage woman with a high rating, I guess I don't have the emotion of that time. It's nothing more than a well-made animation
1,You have to watch Doraemon at the theater. It's a waste of money. It's not like you're full of tricks. It's like money rotting It was released 100 years ago, and it's enough to watch it on DVD, you albaciks
1,Why do I have to film it again? That's so lame.
6,A bit of cinematic beauty! All the characters that are fascinating and have a fantasy vibe
4,It's an animation that kids would like. I usually don't watch animations, but I got a high rating and watched the re-release, so I was bored
4,The animation is the same. It's fun to watch it again, but I don't know what it is, it's boring.T
4,Honestly, the story hasn't changed since before I don't recommend it to those who saw it before
1,The rating of Solka's 9-point range seems excessive. 7 points are appropriate
1,I'm disappointed to glorify such a poor slave contract girl in the sauna
5,Is there an answer to what you feel after watching a movie?It can be fun for some people and not fun for others. Those who think, "You're wrong because I'm absolutely right," are just trash that's not worth watching the movie.
1,We need to adjust the rating This is second place? I'll give you one point.
1,I don't understand the rave reviews that are pouring out tirelessly. It's just a pretty fairy tale. There are a lot of articles that I analyzed, so it's a good movie to watch
1,The plot is the same as then, but why is it showing at the movie theater?
1,I can't understand the spirit of a Japanese writer.Boring memories throughout the whole time
1,I don't know when it was released.
6,I don't know why the movie review is so good because I started to watch it badly because I saw the director's intentions, but I didn't enjoy the BGM and I don't know why the movie review is so good
1,The worst movie of my life.Put down the horror movie right now
1,Boring. Too high
1,When I asked what it was about, no one answered.
1,It's fun to adjust the ratings. But the ratings aren't this high
1,I enjoyed watching it when I was young, but it was not fun because I had different perspectives now I don't know the content at all. I wonder why Kaonashi likes Sen, why he ate it, why he doesn't understand it, and people who gave him 10 points understand it
1,To put up mononoke
1,It's just a Japanese animation. I feel like I'm doing this.
2,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
1,To be honest, it's nothing. It's all similar
1,The story was so vague that I watched it and turned it off in the middle; my mom and dad went to such a strange world without much shock; and I just adapted to it because it wasn't realistic and it wasn't fun
1,Why is the rating so high? ridiculous
1,After Hayao Miyazaki... People need to end well
6,The more you interpret it, the more you know, the more different it feels
1,For normalization of ratings...How is this third place??
1,Honestly, it's not a rating of 1 point.But this movie is second in the overall movie ranking. I want to give you 5 points.It's too high... I give you 1 point to lower the ranking.
1,I give you 1 point to lower the score. Princess Wonryeong is 10 times better
1,I don't understand why this is such a high rating, defeating so many movies. It's just an animation, and I can't understand it because it's not the same emotion at all, but is it just me who is dry of emotion or I don't understand it because I'm old?
5,The rating... It's not this much. It's just a normal level of animation
2,ᄉI don't care, I don't care, I don't care, I don't care
1,To me, it's just a movie that everyone likes. That's weird. I like it when a lot of people like it
1,It's okay, but it's grossly overrated.  Personally, I want to give you 7 points, but I give you 1 point to adjust the rating.
6,Why can't I feel it?
1,I don't know why this score is so high
1,It's a trashy cartoon.
1,Less fun than Shawshank Escape
1,Jjibaru's unique smelly movie, and Korean netizens' justifiable rating registration.
1,It's not that... I don't that impressive
1,Hmm... I don't know if it's fun... It's just...
1,The ending is vain, so Haku and Chihiro are not very anxious, and the settings of the gods' bathhouse and Kaonashi are just settings, and it's hard to find meaning here. a sumptuous but tasteless movie
1,It's not that much fun. It's worth watching
1,The worldview in which Japan's numerous miscellaneous gods appear is very repulsive to me.
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,I think it's about 7 points, but I'll cut down on my horoscope
1,I watched it because it has a high rating and is the number one Japanese movie in the history of box office success, but it is not that popular. For me, it was hard to understand and I couldn't find any meaningful lessons. The movie was popular only in Japan and Korea, with 230 out of 275 million dollars in world revenue coming from Japan and 11 from Korea
3,There was a boring side, but it was worth watching.
6,I don't know. It's true that it's a beautiful video and content, but I don't know such things as crying or feeling touched
1,The rating adjustment is Rapunzel. Disney in Frozen is the best
1,Definitely a great Annie but not enough movie to give 9.33 so I give a decent grade at this point
1,I love you so much
1,Was it not fun because you didn't understand it at first? But even though I watched it twice and understood it, it was still not fun.
5,The content development is not too natural.I'm a little disappointed when I expect a good story.
5,I met Haku at the river. I'm sorry that there was no double track
1,It was so gross!
1,I don't know what it's about  It was nice that my eyes were purified
1,What symbols, what hidden meanings... Does everyone know and get 10 points each? I don't know what you mean no matter how hard I try to search and understand it on the Internet. It wasn't fun
6,Was I looking forward to it too much? It's my first time seeing him as an adult.Honestly, it's like an animation for kids But it was worth watching
6,It's such a memorable movie that I went to the theater as soon as it was released, but the story is not that good
4,I don't know what it's about. If you want to see a Japanese animation, watch Naruto
1,I don't know if it's that fun...
1,an ordinary Japanese film wrapped in a package an undeserved rating
1,It's not fun. It's childish. The drawing style is not that good
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
1,The movie that was overrated...
1,I don't think it's that funny. I gave him 1 point because he was dumbfounded
1,the lord of Sen and Kim Bosung
1,Touching and fun are also missing
1,It's not good
5,Anyway, the Korean people are the top of the world to overdo it.
4,I don't get along with Annie. I don't understand.  ㅠㅠ Everyone says it's fun
1,Overpackaged movie...Seven points
1,I enjoyed watching it quite a lot as a child. But is it worth a 9.33 star rating beyond other masterpieces? If the rating was normal, I would have given 8 points, but I throw 1 point because I can't control my level.
6,It was a bit childish when I saw it before.
1,....other animation is better
1,The rating is too high. Isn't it Lee Jung-don?
1,It's not my style.I don't really...
1,imposing, grand, magnificent, impressive
1,Amy's gone, but she's acting like she's no match
1,He's not good at movies
1,Loyalty! How can you get such a high score for Japan?I'll drop you off with loyalty!
1,Look at this
1,Raw hairtail fish
1,The man's head is missing
1,a film that goes missing
1,with no loyalty
1,a prison camp
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,We, the Oyoo people, are looking for liberal democracy I'm totally against the industrial accidents of Japanese culture that smell of militarism and totalitarianism. Ilppong OUT
1,Why do Koreans watch Japanese cartoons like this?  Our Oh Yoo-in is against this kind of irresponsible behavior! Ilppong out
2,It's not that...
4,Honestly, it wasn't that impressive or funnyLOL It was just original
1,It's fun, but I'm scared because there's a ghost
1,I think 9 points is too much...I think 8 points is goodThe characters aren't loyal
1,Why is it 9 points? 7 points is enough. It's a cartoon but it's hard to solve
1,That's a ridiculous cartoon.
1,It's ridiculous
1,He's not cool
1,You have to punish a ridiculous movie. What do you mean animation is the best?
1,Do you know Kang Ho?
1,the act of escaping by oneself without loyalty
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,Ugh...!
1,I don't know how many children will be shocked to see Chihiro betray his loyalty.
1,It's like they're laughing at the camp's seeds
1,I don't know
1,I'm from Ahem Oyu Our main enemy is Japan, so why are you defending Japanese movies like this? That's ridiculous! No more naver
1,There's no 가
1,The characters who are not loyal. What's the point of being handsome?
1,Japanese animations don't fit my emotions
1,I'm not good enough
1,To be honest, 9 cartoon characters are not loyal to Eva
1,Ddongkosho
1,Duck? Us? Wow!
1,hurray for the independence of Korea
1,Hello, I'm from Oh You
1,Strong! Chihiro! Loyalty!
5,5 points for saving my mom and dad
1,MJH
1,the democratization of loyalists
1,have no loyalty
1,a film that undevotedly unaccounted for children
1,a bunch of smack one-of-the-box
1,I'm a cartoonist for kids who don't have a lot
1,one's loyalties are missing
1,New movies need to be on the list. How long are you going to be in the top ranks?
1,A movie with no loyalty. I couldn't help but shout after watching this movie. "Where's your loyalty?"
1,It's not a movie with 9 points
1,Even if it's a cartoon, if it's a good work, it can have a high rating. But the rating is too high
1,How can a cartoon that's not a movie have such a high rating? a loss of speech
4,I don't understand why it's funny when I watch it again. Maybe it's because my emotions are different from when I was young...
1,It's too high
6,I watched it many times when I was in elementary school and it wasn't bad. It was fun. There was no difference between the Japanese version of dubbing, so it was okay.  The content seemed to be touching
1,Let's adjust the score. We should win no.1 in Korean movies in Korea
1,I think Byuloom's rating is too high for me
1,I was bored...
1,Let's show some foam
1,The movie is okay, but the rating is too high
1,Not much ;;
1,The rating is too high. About 8 points is appropriate
1,I dozed off rather than lack of emotion
1,................................ it's a population movie.
1,What is it?
1,It's funny, but it's not that funny.
1,Foreign movies are not fun
6,I'm sorry. I think other people understand and get high marks, but I don't understand.
4,The only thing I can say is Miyazaki. I'd rather see Lucky again.
1,It's just...
1,It's not that... Sorry
1,LOL
6,I saw a movie that was good to watch, so I watched it, but if it was below my expectation, it's not my favorite style at all
6,I don't know why this is a joint award-winning film for Berlin. It's just a simple content, but the rating is dirty. I don't know why. I just watch it comfortably without sleeping. And there's no twist. It's just a simple time-consuming movie
1,It's not that
1,It's not fun since I was a kid One of the movies I thought of
1,Not good.
3,I think it's because I saw you when you were young.I saw it for the first time today and it was childish.The content was monotonous and boring.It was released in 2001, so if I watched it when I was in elementary school, I would have enjoyed it a lot.Why didn't Elementary Sam show this? Too bad.
1,Violation of the Aging Act
1,It's fun, but the ratings are too high
1,It was a lot of fun!
3,The movie that I showed you at school but made you sleep the whole time
1,나는 이 애니메이션을 이해할 수 없어...
5,It's good considering it's
1,It's a fun animation, but the score in the 9-point range tends to be overrated
1,There are so many elementary students...
5,I watched it. It doesn't seem like a movie for me. I'm not giving it low on purpose, but it really doesn't fit.
1,The movie I want to give 10 points to... The world of Takku that I don't know...
1,It's a movie I don't really understand.
1,I can't believe this has a high rating. I honestly don't know if it's funny or not even twice
1,Why on earth is this movie more than 9 points? What's touching?
3,Why is Miyazaki's work so overrated in Korea?
5,I don't understand why this is a masterpiece
1,It's getting weirder and weirder as weirder and weirder.
1,People are crazy. Give me 10 points. Even if I get paid to watch a movie, it's a waste of time to watch it's a waste
1,It's not that high as an animation.
2,It's unique, but that's it
2,It wasn't much fun
2,It was fun!
1,Not really
1,Japanese devil
4,I don't recommend it unless you're a teenage girl
1,Good
4,Everyone's saying it's funny, but why didn't I like it...
1,It's a trash movie for me
1,I looked at it because the ratings were so high, but it wasn't that---
6,I guess I'm old
1,I get sleepy after 30 minutes
6,I saw you yawn. What am I?
2,Did I expect too much? 8.9 points...
1,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.
1, be moved
5,Is it just me?
6,It was worth seeing.
1,A movie that I can't relate to at all in a way that's funny and touching
1,It wasn't that fun
5,More than I thought...Am I too old?
6,I definitely watched it, but I don't remember it being fun. It was just worth watching. That's about it
2,After watching it, I didn't feel much emotion
1,I don't know if it's funny.
5,Why is this movie boring to me?
1,It's funny, but I can't be with Titanic Leon.
1,not much
3,I liked Miyazaki, but recently Annie... Is it because I'm old?
6,The rating is good, but why wasn't it fun for me?
5,Very fantastic story, attractive but also incomprehensible.
1,Good animation...But... Is this the best masterpiece of mankind?  My heart is 8.8...I take care of the score
6,Everyone has different taste in movies.I wasn't interested in the whole thing.
1,Watch a movie or a story about a pig country story
1,That's not fun.
1,I don't like it
1,The rating is too high to be lowered.  I tried to convey so many things that the content was...
1,Are all the people who gave me 10 points a fan?
2,The rating is too high
2,My horoscope is so generous.Not 10 but 7? The purpose of the movie is not communicated.
1,After watching it, I thought I didn't know what was fun
5,It's fun, but it's so calm
1,If you come back after watching Toy Story, this kind of Annie Miyazaki needs to get out of mannerism.
1,I watched Howl Bogu and I'm not sure if it's fun because Howl is fun
5,I understand everything. I know what the writer is trying to say, but... There is no "fun".
1,In Japan, this animation is always bad.Imagination! Wow!
5,Ghibli's imagination was also phenomenal, but the story was rather loose.
1,It's fun, but I heard that there are a lot of part-timers
1,I don't understand why this is such a high rating
1,The rating is too high. Check it out!
1, attract, invite, lure
1,Is it because I'm too old? Did I expect too much from Annie?
1,Boring...........................
1,It's fun, but... Not this much -_-;;
1,It was fun, but this score...
5,I watched it because it was famous and it was not fun and touching. Am I weird?
1,This is so funny that I get this rating? ^^;;
2,I think I cried.I saw this when I was eight years old.ㅠㅠ<<
1,Still 10 yuan
2,It's not as good as I thought. The quality is high.
1,lol
1,It's fun, but it has too much Japanese color
6,Am I too tired of the world, boring and boring, and sad about me ㅠㅠ
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,I'm not smart enough to understand.
1,It's boring...
1,It's jamdda
6,Fun, the story's quirky, I can't keep up with it, but... Other than that...
1,Isn't it too high?
3,It's not that...
4,I'll give you 4 points.Honestly, I don't know what's funny.Is it because of my missing childhood innocence?
1,not much
1,Personally, I don't like it
1,a movie for elementary school students
1,What a piece of course
2,Japanese version of Alice in Wonderland
1,I don't have ramen when I'm hungry, so I give you a rating
1,Adjusting the Ratings--
2,The characters are not very pretty and the story is not perfect, so it's hard to give a good score.
1,Miyazaki's cartoonist is one of the worst
1,Comedy romance family is the best.
1,Honestly, I don't like it. Haha
1,I don't like all the Japanese ones
1,Well, I don't think it suits me
1,Well, I've done this a couple of times.  not much,.
1,Is this movie that interesting? Adjust the score for the national team.lol
1,The rating is too high. Lower your voice, National University
1,I enjoyed watching it, but let's cut it a little bit.This isn't right.
1,Fantastic
1,What's this?
1,I was really bored
6,Hayao Miyazaki's work doesn't seem to suit me.
3,Tease-ya
1,I don't recommend it
1,Whoooooooooooo!
1,Elementary school movies...
1,This movie is so funny. They say I look like an elementary school student. ^^*
1,I wasn't funny
1,You have a high rating for being a low-ranking Miyazaki Anime. Haven't you seen Naushikana Laputa?
2,Am I the only one who's weird? I don't know why I have such a high score.
1,Fun but too high rating
1,Let's lower the rating
6,Extreme imagination, but it's not a movie at my age. It's a movie for kids
1,It was fun-
1,Let's lower the rating. I don't remember much
1,Beggar
6,Don't be greedy.
1,A movie full of hypocrisy made by a far-right racist. I feel nauseous.
1,It's a movie about the ending of "Awkwardness" and "Awkwardness" released from "Awkwardness" and "Awkwardness."
1,What a rubbish movie
1,I hate cartoons and I hate Japan
1,Don't overestimate me
1,It's not this much of a rating
6,Ghibli Annie seems half funny and half boring. It's a bit distracting
1,Realization
1,He said he didn't like the main character and it was too much
1,To be honest, this movie was not good.
3,I'm disappointed, it's a little childish.
6,What should I say? A movie that makes you uncomfortable to watch
1,be overrated
1,I'm sure it's a good work, but... Overrated
1,It's fun, but getting 1st place on NAVER's movie ratings...
1,Good
1,This is 10 points?
1,It's a good movie, but it's not 2nd overall NAVER, why is it so hot?
1,It's the longest
1,Just a normal episode and a cartoon. I was sleepy
1,I just sighed while watching it.What's wrong with the story?
1,Just trash
5,This was a lot of jam at first, but later it was a cc.';; it was jam at first and gave me 2 stars and a half
1,The score is too high. I'll give you 1 point.
1,Why is this so high?
6,It's very artistic, but...
5,16th place is appropriate for the animation ranking alone.
6,As expected, Hayao Miyazaki has great imagination
1,Why is this 9.26?
1,Childish.
1,Go home
1,I enjoyed watching it
1,The ratings are the same as the speed scans.^^ But if it was fun...
1,Don't look. There's no lesson
1,It's not fun. Bored. It'
1,I'm sick of it
1,One point
3,I personally didn't like it... I watched it before I went to the army. I watched it one more time. It's not that...
1,It wasn't fun. Is it not my taste?
6,It's fun, but...I don't know if it's a work that can be highly praised...
1,It's not that ;;;
1,Japanese movies are not so good except for seven samurai
1,Honestly, it's fun, but it doesn't make sense to win first place.Especially Japan.-\ㅡ\
1,I don't like animations
1,I don't know. It's coming.
1,I like speeding scandals
1,It's jam, but for speeding scandals haha
1,It's not fun at all.Childishness. Childishness
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,The best! Hayao Miyazaki. I'm an animation director who likes it  Princess Wonryeong is a total masterpiece.
6,I don't understand, how did you get more than 9 points?
1,Honestly, it was kind of boring --ㅡㅡ
1,It's sad
1,It's a lot of fun Lol, the rating is too high, so I have to lower it
1,Not good.
1,First of all, I don't know what Annie is...
6,Byuludang... ㅠㅠ Howl seems to be much more fun
6,To be honest, I don't know;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
1,Cho-gling, you did a lot of 10 points rush. In the movie, "Kkkkari"
4,It's fun, but there are so many weird characters out there...
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,I'm not going to watch the worst animation of my life, Japanese animation
1,This is not very good.
1,That's... pathetic.
6,I was just like that's all.;;
1,I personally don't think it's funny
1,It's a bit annoying
1,Why do you say ggul ggul?
1,I don't think this is a good rating.
1,I downloaded it and watched it with four friends.All four of them cursed, I think it's for children.T
6,to have a dirty part ;;; My parents became pigs
1,It's a fun and touching piece... It's overrated
1,a really interesting movie
5,Unique ideas, beautiful operation, but the rating is too high <<Teenage 54%>
