브레이브하트
4,It's a history distortion movie, you guys
6,I was really looking forward to it... It was much less touching than the Gladiator. Sophie Marceau was so unpredictable with her unlikely love line as a face-maid, and her touching points were so predictable. Personally, I think it's just a flat piece. Other characters besides Mel Gibson's main character are too weak. Just a hero one-man show
1,If it's not fun, I'll just say "re"
1,I'm so bored that I'll fall asleep even if I get paid to watch it.
1,a Christian film
1,It was very disappointing that he made a hero of a bully who used to scare away women from all over the town as a child for the immersion and fun of the movie and downgraded the great king Robert to kkobong.Anyone who is curious about what you mean will understand if you look up Brave Heart history distortion.
5,Mel Gibson received an Academy Award for such a movie. a single-celled description of a charactera childish view of historyan uncivilized Scotish
1,The movie's netizens' rating is also a sign of the nation's dog. The childish and corny film has been criticized worldwide and failed to hit the box office, so why is it only successful in Scotland, Australia, and Joseon, and even revered as a masterpiece in Joseon?
1,When I saw those silly faces who fell in love with heroes, I saw hearts in their eyes... It's a street, but the movie lacks the expression of personality between characters and the story is so corny...   Based on the current standard, about 5 points is appropriate.
1,It's not fun at all.Gladiator and Ben Huttroy were fun, but this is...
1,It's not a joke. It's very boring
6,Is it because I was looking forward to it? Mel Gibson's acting is a bit disappointing Personally, it's either one of the two leading roles in the miss-casting. Supporting actors' acting is very... I thought it would be similar, if not at the Gladiator level, but I was very disappointed I was wondering what it would have been like to be an actor other than Mel Gibson
1,Unnecessarily cruel and childish in the whole
1,I don't know why this is a masterpiece...It's not fun even considering it's a classic There is a lack of probability in each case, and there is no growth of the hero story, combat strategy, or background. Besides, except for a few names, it's a true story.a gross distortion of the film Only his appearance shone.
1,I can't watch it now because it's cringe-worthy, but Sophie Marso's crazy looks are saved
1,I don't know what to watch, I'm bored, I'm not impressed, I'm not impressed, I feel bad, I don't want to watch it because I didn't expect it, but I thought the rating was too high
1,The Scots also took the land of the Picts;
2,Did I eat sloppy fruit?
1,But it's better than "The Roaring Currents." It was made 20 years ago.
1,A ridiculous affair with Sophie Marso ruined the whole story. Of course, there's never been a crap story like that in real history (the princess was 10 when the protagonist died).If it was the American Native American freedom struggle against the American people, they would never have won an Academy Award.
5,a typical hero movie I don't know where to find emotion
6,The hero's life story is good, but it's a pity that Sophie should step up in the middle and have an affair with her, that the Scottish hero has broken his oath to his loved one against the beauty of an enemy woman, and has gone off the beaten track
1,I'm disappointed -- I looked forward to it. Wallace is being executed. What's with all the babies watching-- so vain
6,Why should a Scottish general be considered such a hero to us in the 13th century, when Scotland's struggle for independence is not currently under oppression in Tibet and Ukraine, and now relatively well coexists with Silla and Baekje? a rather exaggerated ostentatious heroism...
6,The reviews were so good that I looked forward to it so much that I didn't expect it. But it wasn't bad considering the year of production. I was touched when I shouted "Freedom" but I think the rating is too high.
1,It's been so long. Get away from me now
6,Yes, this is freedom.
5,No fun at all
2,Maybe because I'm a kid in this age, I'm a little bored
2,It's not cool and funny to have a fight when the story stops
4,It was really worth watching until the middle...I'm looking forward to it even more, but the last part has less impact.
6,An obvious foreign hero story. It's fun to watch.
1,이 영화에서 그는...
1,It's all good, but my relationship with Sophie Marso was so raw and unnecessary
1,Don't use the knife
1,Scots left-wing hard-liners' ridiculous slaughter film
6,All physical love begins with the nakedness. Why not?
1,It's fun, but let's lower the rating.
1,It's a part-time job. It's a movie that shows that actors can be OO when directed.I'm serious
1,Macho Story.
1,If you don't get my attention in the introduction, there's only one point.
1,One masterpiece is correct.
1,A cliche of great men or revenge for heroism; a free shooter, justice, courage, tolerance, etc. Everything to be fed up with.
1,I paid for the production, but the rating is too high
5,Fun.
1,I guarantee you, dog boring for 2 hours.Last hour peak...S.B. My time...That's not funny
6,The topic was good, but it was a bit boring. I was rooting for England. I was thrilled when Wallace was executed
3,Why am I so funny?It's so boring. I can't watch it to the end ;;
1,I can't believe it. I think 7-8 points is appropriate. Let's adjust the rating
6,The Real Obvious Movie Volume Offensive and Mel Gibson One-man show
5,I think I'm touched, but I can't get into it and I'm bored.
1,The national team is a million times more fun.
1,I don't recommend it
1,The national team is the best.
1,Normal. Moderate 8.2.
4,If you watch a lot of movies, you will find something fresh and calm. This movie is obvious
1,Don't be fooled by the rating It's not fun at all ;;
1,I was tricked by the rating
1,There weren't that many movies in '96. I can't believe I won this Academy Award.
1,I don't think it's this bad
6,A masterpiece, but a medieval distortion. Freedom in the movie is different from our freedom
1,The development is so slow that it's boring... In a word, it's not fun
1,Mel Gibson's anti-British film 1 and 2 is Patriot Damn Mel Gibson Founding Party
5,It was kind of boring
6,The action was good, but there was a lack of probability between scenes
1,I admit it's a well-made movie, but it's too artificial, too fake, and it's free! I remember the expiration date
6,I just saw this movie 13 years ago when someone raised their blood vessels and was moved.To me, it's just a hero movie
1,Is it eye drops?
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It's not fun
1,I don't think so
6,Scotty history, majestic, but I don't feel like it right now
1,It's good
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,It's really not funny or touching
1,The worst movie in my life
4,Is it really necessary to express it so cruelly? It wasn't as good as expectations or fame.
5,A bowl of rejection and vomiting for Mel Gibson, who is anxious to be a hero
1,Western heroism...
2,2:8. I'm sorry, but I'm on the 2nd side.
1,Dipta is fun. The quality of the work is good
1,There's no story behind it. We just fight
1,the worst
1,The worst movie of my life--
1,You think Scotland didn't bother England?
1,The director's emotions should not be involved in the movie
1,It's totally anti-British. Because I'm an American.
1,It's overrated. 8 points is appropriate.
1,Ben Herr is the best
2,It's not fun. It's boring.
5,Was I as touched as I was?
2,The story of a hero who wanders between revolution and salvation and is defeated by pettyness.
5,A little boring but worth watching
2,It wasn't a masterpiece. It was worth watching
6,What woman want is much better, Gibson
6,Running time is unnecessarily long. I was fooled by the rating
2,an exhausting romance from the start
5,Scotland is good, England is evil? Mel Gibson dichotomy is annoying.
5,I know it's meaningful, but it's so boring. I lost sight of it.
1,It's so boring...................
2,Very American boring hero story
4,It wasn't that fun. It was a story movie that was so touching
5,It's just
1,In a complacent configuration... Even childishness! Apocalypto is the best director Mel Gibson
1,I've seen it, but it's not a movie of this rank.
1,Top
1,a primitive army
3,James Horner's soundtrack. Why did you do this?Understanding
1,My least favorite movie is BEST#1
1,I'm sick of this kind of movie
1,The main character's long hair is annoying... Sofie is coming out a lot
5,The moment you shout "freedom"... My face was burning.
1,Well made killing time film... Seven points
1,Director Mel Gibson-- just be an actor.
6,Wow, Mel Gibson. I've never been so touched by a male movie!
1,crack, smash, with a crack.
1,That's cool, Mel Gibson.
1,Nothing to say
1,..zzz I'm so tired of it
3,a poor work
6,Heroism. A movie full of patriotism, a great struggle for freedom.
1,...............trash movie
1,It's a very obvious story, a childish hero story.
1,As expected, it's not that good
1,Huridom? You're playing. Don't pretend to be noble
5,A Hollywood movie that's good to watch for fun.
1,I don't know. I've been watching this all along.
1,It wasn't as good as I thought
5,History changes when America touches it
1,It's too much to make it to the BEST 10. 1 point to get out of 10th place
2,You don't really feel it? The fact that the director's narcissism made it into a complete comedy...
6,I'm not that
6,It's grand but boring...
