터미네이터 2:오리지널
10,Sarah Connor of Linda Hamilton, Best Performance in Film History
10,Do we really need words? I can't watch a movie more than three times, but I think I've seen this movie more than 30 times
10,Now I know why you're crying. I can never do that
10,I think this is the best in the Terminator series
10,Even though I know everything about the movie, it is really well made that I can enjoy watching it! The scene is really neat and fits well. The Sailor Corner is so cool. :-)^
10,a masterpiece in the Terminator series
10,Now that I see it, I don't see much of the content. But I think it was a movie that would have made a mark.
10,When I saw this in '91, I was sick of it.
10,A film that shows the limits of human creativity
10,It's the best no matter how many times I watch it now or again.
10,
10,
10,
9,...When I was in elementary school, I watched Terminator 1 and watched all the series until now (including Dark Fate), but I was the only one who didn't watch 2 episodes. Now I understand why the second movie is considered a masterpiece. Why did I watch it now?
10,There's no need for words. This is what a movie is How dare any Terminator series come after Part 2 1  The Best Legendary Movie Terminator 2
10,Wow, aside from the crazy story, special makeup, action scenes, and computer graphics are not tacky at all even as of 2022. Did you catch an alien and lock him up? Rather better than some clumsy modern movies...
9,James Cameron's Artificial Intelligence Future Sketch.present the future of the film and the future of the film perfectly
10,The best movie of my life. Goosebumps that this much movie came out in 1991
10,It's a masterpiece. It's
10,
10,It's so much fun to watch without considering it's an old movie
10,A true action film and the height of the governor's career. At first glance, the quality is so great that this is the first movie. I watched the second movie first and the first one, but the second one is much more fun. Horror and SF in the first movie were created by calming down and making exciting actions. T800 and T1000, Sarah Connor and John, Miles Dyson. Everyone's weight is well distributed and their acting is excellent. It would have been nice if it ended here, but...
10,If it was the best movie, make sure you watch it
10,The best movie of my life
10,If I had seen this movie earlier, I would have bought Dyson instead of Jetㅜㅜ. A masterpiece lasts forever
10,
10,My favorite movie
10,I've watched it again, but it's a masterpiece. It's not tacky at all. I can't help but admire itHaha
10,
10,Even now, it's a masterpiece! Equivalent to Aerion 2
10,It's been 30 years, but it's still the best movie of my life!
10,It's our 30th anniversary but it's not awkward at all
10,돌아올 것이다.
8,The little John Corner, the mean-spirited one, the leader who's going to save the world, and the scene that's going to ruin the movie
10,30 years later, it's so much fun and touching. My best movie
10,30 years ago and now, the masterpiece of the century will be the same 100 years later!
10,of a century not to come againa masterpiece
10,If I were to write a review with a self-destructing mind, '91 was the year I was born, and I think this movie was worth more than I was born
10,Isn't it the best movie ever? It's much more overwhelming and perfect than SF movies
10,It's just the best. The best masterpiece of the 20th century that doesn't need words.I think Terminator series 2 is the end and the rest is just a bonus.Wouldn't humans be able to do the same if the machine Terminator felt the value of life?It's the best ending with one.
10,It's always touching. It's a masterpiece  Even now, it's not awkward  The director is a genius
10,It's fun to watch again. I don't know how many times I've watched it since it was released in 1991.
10,This is my life movie and I watch it again and again.
10,The storyline is perfect The earth is still worth living. Yay!
10,
10,The historical moment when two films were released, which is more than one. I've watched "I'll Be Back" more than 10 times. It's a masterpiece on Netflix.
10,
10,A movie that connects the present and the future. It's the future that hasn't come yet, so I don't get tired of watching it, and it's a new movie. A masterpiece that makes infinite reinterpretation is never forgotten.
10,I watched it after 30 years on Netflix and cried again.It's the best masterpiece.I watched it more than 100 times, but I think I cried 90 times
10,Here's the sequel, which it's better than the previous one
10,Let's wrap it up here
10,Is there a movie to download?A movie 20 years ago is a fraud!SF's Bible!
10,It's a masterpiece that you never get tired of
10,How dare I criticize this movie? It's an action that makes you feel nervous. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a legendary movie of the 20th century. It's a movie without professional expertise
10,This is crazy. It's better than the SF that comes out these days. The audience must have been shocked
10,My heart is still pounding. I have no regrets Make sure you watch it.
10,It's the best movie of my life Spring 100 times
10,The most memorable piece of work
10,It's a crazy, crazy movie.
10,How can a movie more than 30 years old be fun to watch now and the story tension is tacky.
10,There are a couple of life-time movies like Titanic, and one of them!
9,If you were a man, you'd all cry at the ending scene of the last Terminator...
10,There's no awkwardness in watching it now, and it's a perfect movie. It's a masterpiece of a really well-made movie that you can watch comfortably without annoying eyes or forced scenes
10,
10,When I was young, I cried for the first time watching a movie.I felt a man's hot tears at the time, but I couldn't tell my family and friends because I was ashamed that I cried at the time.However, now I can speak up.I cried while watching this movie.Terminator 2 is the best movie of my life!
10,It is surprising that the GPA is 9.5. This is a minimum of 9.9 points.
10,It's a masterpiece for no reason. I hope there will be a lot of movies like this
10,It's a rating given to people who don't know much about movies just for fun
10,What's the point of saying it's just a masterpiece
10,No words needed. It's a masterpiece.
10,I want to give more than 100 million points.Thumbs up scene is 99.9 billion points
10,The most innovative, terrifying and touching story, especially the t-800 horror and end-of-century atmosphere, Sarah Connor's desperate performance and the two terminators' inorganic and eerie acting, overwhelming the atmosphere
10,
10,It's just the best!
10,It was fun and cruel. Sarah Connor is so strong and John Connor seems to be only 10 years old. Why ride a motorcycle? It's a masterpiece!
10,He's better than you
10,I can't believe it was a '90s movie, no, 91 releases, no, 90s
10,Can we talk about the movie without watching it?
10,action film masterpieces I think I've seen it more than 10 times
10,It's a masterpiece of the times and a masterpiece that's not tacky at all
10,The best action movie in time
10,Story beyond the times, tension, thrill, action! The SF masterpiece of the century
10,It's true that I can feel the time because I can't even say how immersed I am in the movie. But my mouth won't shut.  no fate..adios...Tears are a bonus
10,Hold your breath until it re-release--I'll wait until 2029.
10,I fell in love with you when you were so serious and turned Remington around
10,The score for women is higher...That's how fun he is
7,It was so much fun at the time and I had no doubt that it was a masterpiece, but when I looked at it again, it was full of Shinpa. I thought it was a weekend soap opera
10,The only real masterpieces in the top 10 are this and Shawshank.
10,Ideal World Cup's biggest damage movie (39th place)
10,It is the value of sacrifice realized by the murderous robot that led to the peace of mankind
10,As expected, it's a James Cameron movie. Applause
10,T2 A2 D1 (3 masterpieces: Terminator 2 Aliens 2 die hard 1)
10,When I was in elementary school, I felt the aftereffects for the first time... an immortal work of the 20th century
9,It was a shock. It's hard to see now, but...
10,I can't believe this movie was 30 years ago. I was surprised when I watched the rerun on cable again.L
10,I just rerun TV 2.  I was in my teens when it was released in theaters.  I can't believe I'm in my mid-40s. Time really flies
10,No. 1 conservation film of human heritage
10,A novel story and perfect direction and acting.So handsome, Edward Huolong
10,It's awesome. It's still a masterpiece
9,Arnold's charisma! Liquid robots are great opponents.
10,I can't believe it was 1991
10,Three major films left by mankind: Gone with the Wind. Ben-Hur. Terminator 2...irrefutable
10,This is from 1991Is there anything more to explain?
10,I can't forget the memory of not leaving the audience with a standing ovation even after it was over at the Korean Theater in 1991.  Terminator 2! The best like Mission Impossible to the point where I feel like I'm at the Academy Awards
9,굿 굿 굿 굿 굿
10,John Connor and Terminator's strong loyalty and friendship tell Terminator 2 The ending scene is so sad even for me, who is a woman that I cried watching. The terrifyingness of t1000's crazy is fun and above all, sweet, adult, loyal handsome John Connor and pure Terminator are loved for a long time
10,When I was in middle school, I remember being shocked by the strong story and special effects in the theater The Terminator should have ended with Judgment Day
10,The best movie of my life, the legendary movie of the 90s, is a must see before I die
10,It's not boring and fun even now
10,I don't know if I need a word, but can I watch a movie like this before I die?
10,
10,My favorite movie of my life
10,This is the funniest movie I've ever seen Wow, this...
10,Even though there are a lot of technical things that seem a little tacky in terms of film technology these days...Over the past 30 years, I've seen and seen...It's fun...Two top modern science fiction movies with "The Matrix"
10,The total CG of this movie is 16 minutes, and the rest of the action scenes are all miniature twin actors and so on. Maroon is a genius born of the times!
10,
10,
10,
10,When I was in middle school almost 30 years ago, I watched it 3 times in the theater. I haven't seen the previous blockbuster since I saw this piece.It's a case where a production that's 30 years ahead of production and technology suddenly came out.
10,I enjoyed the first one, but the second one is a masterpiece.
10,I remember watching it when I was in elementary school. The air that I can never feel again
10,It's just... Just keep...
10,
10,A neat, scary action movie.
10,I've been watching the series, but I think 2 is the most fun and masterpiece
10,Although the recent Dark Fate may have gotten better with CG or visual, considering the emotions of the 90s, the atmosphere of the end of the century, fear, anxiety of the future, and hope, it would be hard to overcome the Dark Fate of Terminator 2 I still can't forget the feeling of seeing Terminator 2 for the first time It's hard to understand, no matter how much I explain to a generation that hasn't experienced that era, just as I don't know the minds of the people who went through the Korean War, I think analog sensibilities have tremendous power to pay for them There must be something that advances in state-of-the-art device science don't fill, I think that's HUMAN LOVE
10,You only have five stars
9,The old man is the man of the old man the old man
10,This is a real movie. A masterpiece won't die
10,In 4K video, T1000 man's beauty is so beautiful. Even if it comes out now, it will still look good
10,I can't believe it was made in 1991.
10,Is it a movie from 29 years ago?The best masterpiece!
10,
10,Isn't this just 10 points? He also chose all five points to pay attention to.
10,the cultural heritage of mankind in the '90s
10,Legend is something like this...
6,It's been a while since I saw it again, so there are a lot of things I can't relate to and the story is sloppy Not a masterpiece beyond the times. It's not a movie that deserves a 9.5 rating. I think 8 points is enough
10,Terminator is up to 2
8,I remember the best part of Terminator
10,A movie that will always be remembered even if I watch it now
10,A masterpiece that will never be erased from memory.I remember the last line in the line that said, "I know why people are crying." I remember that the machine was moved by human tears that could not be shed. The last movie that made me empathize with machines and humans was the best movie I've ever seen
10,
10,So long, baby.
10,There is no need for words. It's Arnold Schwarzenegger's cool robot acting
10,Wow, a monumental masterpiece that has spread the series Terminator
10,His beauty is everything He's so handsome. Really... I love you
10,A crazy movie. I can't believe this came out in '91. What happened in '91?
10,If you don't see him before he dies, he's in vain
10,The best SF movie ever
10,The only movie that broke the prejudice that the second movie couldn't be better than the first one
10,Will there be a masterpiece that goes beyond this? I wish James Cameron would have made an action movie before he died ㅠㅠ
10,I'm going to show this movie to my children
9,I didn't expect to see such a masterpiece on my phone
10,Everything is perfect. It's a masterpiece.
10,
10,Rather than 10 points, I wanted to give 100 points... No, full points.
10,The best movie of my 40 years. Only one.
9,
10,If you don't watch this before you die, it's black rain
10,
10,Hints from my password The most impressive movie I watched: Terminator 2 I don't need any other words, my movie
10,At the end, the Terminator diedㅠㅠT
10,A movie that came out when the proper concept of artificial intelligence was not generally known. Even now, I think it is a masterpiece genius.Looking back, we were weak AI and strong AI
10,The best movie of my life.I think I've seen it more than 30 times. I almost memorized the lines.Nothing's missing.It's a perfect movie even now.
10,I can't believe I made this level of film in '91. It's like a legend.
10,the best movie of this time without words
10,
10,
10,Even if you look at it again, the beauty of Adward Furlong
10,It's just RJD. RJ rnasterpiece
10,It's a cultural heritage of mankind
10,It's the greatest masterpiece of my life
10,옷이랑 부츠랑 오토바이도 필요해 처음부터 대사가 강함.
10,It's from 1991 one? I was born in 1991.ㅠㅠ Who said that women don't like SF action? It's my favorite.My father is 66 years old and a fan of Linda Hamilton's memories Thank you for being born in an era where you can enjoy this movie countless times. Also, Connor Hat and Arnold ㅠㅠ the story of why we shouldn't kill.I want to show it to the people who are dying in the hearts of this generation again!♡♡
10,
10,This movie is all good, but we can't watch it anymore
10,I remember watching a video when I was young and I was so scared that I shed a tear at the end.
10,This is a masterpiece
10,I don't think anyone's ever seen a scene where Umji uploads once
10,The greatest masterpiece of all time
10,Before Thanos, there was a T1000 saint
10,
9,The sequel is one of the movies that broke the law of failure. It's more fun than the previous one
10,It is said that director James Cameron made the film with a biblical story about Jesus coming down to the world and dying to save mankind. a work with a Christian worldview
10,The Terminator was the best for us back then
10,
10,The best masterpiece of my life
10,Humanism blooming from the scrap heap of war.The best science fiction movie in the Terminator series
10,I think it's probably the best movie made by Cameron.
9,It would not be an exaggeration to say that it is the masterpiece of SF action movies representing the 90s.The movie is like an action-comprehensive gift set that combines a fierce hand-to-hand battle of steel artificial intelligence robots and the best directing that can wow the audience of master James Cameron.
10,the best science fiction film in human history
10,There have been countless handsome men in Hollywood history, but the best 'pretty boy' is Terminator 2's Furlong
10,The only movie that showed that the second one wasn't a flop
10,I heard that Korean movies are 20 years behind Hollywood technology, but I felt that they are 30 years behind
10,A movie that was released 30 years ago and that comforts me whenever "other" Terminator movies come out. A masterpiece with rich broth along with an airian.
10,The movie that started to become a fan of James Cameron!
10,The black scientist's name is DysonIt was the beginning of Ethan.
10,a masterpiece beyond the ages And the poisoned chalice that will be compared to eternity in future Terminator series.
10,The best ending in history
9,Even though it's an old movie, a masterpiece is a masterpiece! But why aren't you dying? ㅜㅜ!
10,
10,Who's watching in 2020?
8,Human beings are the weakest. Human-made robots. Will such a day come? The movie that made me curious
10,Ah, it was fun
10,What's wrong with NAVER? The sub-title was supposed to be Judgement Day, but I changed it to Original after the recent re-run, but I haven't put it back until now
10,Little Abu always said, wearing sunglasses.I look like a Terminator, huh?
10,So far, there is no perfect SF movie that has made this impression and fun.
10,February 16, 2020 on Naver's real-time search keyword It's become a 29-year-old masterpiece
10,If I remember back then...I just don't need words.
10,
10,Almost everything from visual effects, action, suspense, and characters is great, but the real reason why the film is a great masterpiece is explained by Arnold's thumbs-up behavior.
10,
10,I still have the lingering feeling of seeing and feeling when I was young.
10,A rogue boy who hacks into an ATM on an unlicensed motorcycle meets a robot from the future and fills his father's vacancy
10,All the elements are the best
10,"My parents' new generation's Avengers-like masterpiece is a hit!"
10,
10,It's too bad that I can only give you 10 points.
9,It seems that there is a modifier for a masterpiece. Stories and actions beyond the times. I knew for the first time that there was no line in the last famous scene.
10,It's a sample of SF movies, and it's actually the last movie in the Terminator series.
10,
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger, the movie that made me admire you...
10,
10,Edward Furlong's Unrealistic Appearance ♡
10,My favorite movie
10,In a way, it's a Christian movie.
10,
10,It's been 30 years since it was released, and it's still amazing
10,I saw it in 2020. It's not awkward at all even now. i will be back.
10,Legend. The score only adds years to the viewer's life, but it's been meaningless for a long time
10,It is not a movie that can be judged.
10,
10,
9,Aside from everything else, the idea of liquid metal alone has eaten more than half of the movie. How could you have thought of that?
10,How can a 30-year-old movie be this great even though it's still watching? I watched it dozens of times, but I look back on watching the movie. Thank you for making a good movie.
10,Arnold, who used to be a gangster-filled villain, is now a true hero, and is truly the greatest masterpiece of all time!Arnold's smile in the second part of ~^^ looks cute and funny.
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger, who you can trust and watch
10,This is legendary. I don't know how many times I watched it
10,
10,YE NA, now? It's fun
10,Future Robot Society Problems Directed Story Action Urgency Everything in Life Young-hoo
10,I bought a Woofer speaker and watched it again because I wanted to feel the reality. It was mysterious because I knew the ending, but when I thought about what the director intended, I felt it was a real masterpiece. There are times when Korean films sometimes exceed 10 million, and I carefully throw it out that I think I can achieve 20 million if I am a Terminator level 2. ^^
10,This work is my life movie.
10,It's much more exciting and the story seems to be solid. Robots understand human emotions. Good, good
10,The most popular movies in history are Avengers and Game, Avatar, Titanic, but my life movie and the best movie in history is Terminator 2 This movie should be designated as a world UNESCO movie
10,The best painting until the day the earth goes down
9,a textbook for science fiction films
10,Don't watch this movie. I'm sure I warned you After watching this movie, I haven't seen another movie for more than 10 years. It's too bland. If you haven't seen it yet, watch all the other famous movies before you watch it. Then you'll know what a real masterpiece is.
10,Honestly, I haven't found a movie that's funnier than this
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece of a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,The movie that I watched in my fourth year of elementary school was shocking
9,It's a movie that needs a neuralizer. So that I can erase my memories every time I see it, and get goosebumps every time I see it again.
9,t1000 is so scary
10,One of my favorite movies. an immortal masterpiece
10,It's crazy even now.In front of Korean movie "Don't Talk about CG"
10,It's not over-the-top, it's just to find the shortcomings of the film, or maybe because it's so funny, that I've watched it more than 15 times, and it's going to be used as a classic in a world where humans die and artificial intelligence dominate.
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece
10,After watching this movie, my phobia and nervousness got betterThis movie is not just an action movie, but a movie about humans
10,I watched this movie a week ago, but the aftereffects are so bad that I still don't think it's fun after watching other movies. It's the first time in my life that the aftereffects of watching a movie last this long... I hope everyone has seen this movie Really...
10,Bring more stars
10,the greatest film in human history
10,It's a masterpiece. You have to watch it
10,Wow... This isn't right. You're so funny
10,Lastly, Umji... 'The memory with you was the best.' With John Connor, I was in tears too.
10,It will be the best movie of my life.There are many other movies coming out, but there are no comparable ones
10,It's a masterpiece that will come out in 100 years
10,It's one of the best action movies. I think the first time I saw this was when I was in elementary school, but I want to go back to the first time I saw this. I didn't have OCD back then.
10,I couldn't breathe for two and a half hours.
10,Twenty-eight years later, this is crazy even now.
10,If you don't get choked up, you'll never bleed even if you poke with a needle.Best Scene ㅜㅜ
10,Looking at Terminator's Dark Fate. Of course, the best movie in the Terminator series is two. I hope no more Terminator movies come out.
6,What a waste.
10,
10,I watched Terminator Dark Fake yesterday and watched it the next day, and I think the original quality is amazing. Wow, this is crazy. I couldn't breathe.
10,The best movie made by the best director, it is 91 years old, but it shows creepy quality. James Cameron's perfectionism is reflected in the film. The film (and the prequel Terminator 1) also asks serious questions to modern people, whose main theme is AI. Will the ultimate technology beyond human control be human friends or will it engulf mankind?
10,The best! Why wasn't Edward Furlong as tall as he was?
10,
10,The best movie in Sf, I mean, the best director in history, James Cameron
9,A solid story, complete production. It was interesting enough even though I knew the rough story and the ending. A masterpiece never betrays.
10,
10,
10,What more words do I need?
10,
10,If Dark Fade was the worst Terminator ever, this is the best of the best!
10,As expected, the second part of Terminator's truth.
10,A masterpiece that goes beyond a masterpiece. It's a 1991 movie. It's one of the top 5 movies I've seen recently
10,Feel secure.
10,The best movie ever, I don't need another word
10,I'm afraid to watch it again. Of course, it is undeniable that it is a masterpiece that will be fun to watch again, but I want to keep the memory of the feeling I saw in my childhood.
10,The Return of Saracone... It's so much fun.
10,The recent Dark Fake reminded me of the past. I was a senior in high school when Terminator 2 was released, so I borrowed it through VCR after it was released. It was a big shockingly shocked. They still play it on cable movie channels these days, but it's not awkward even now. Director James Cameron is a really great person. I've seen all the series, but there's nothing like Terminator 1 or 2.
10,If you have a hard disk with a movie's capacity left, you can throw away the nightlife, and if you have space left for the Terminator's collection, you can buy a copy of the Terminator, and the movie gives you that value
10,What words are needed? "Video OST" "Story" "Acting" "Nothing Is Missing"I highly praise the production team for producing such a movie with the technology at that time. Even if time passes, this movie will be the bestIt was a movie that moved me with great action.
10,This is a movie that no one can win
6,I've seen it before. It's about Dahl. Yeah
10,After Terminator 2, no Terminator beats this The best masterpiece of a masterpiece, this is not a scoreable movie.
10,To purify your eyes after looking at the dark paint.
10,It is my life movie. It is fun and touching
10,
10,It's no exaggeration to say that it's the best in the Terminator series!!!
9,The action is the best! The story was great, but if you look at the shock like Terminator 2, it's a masterpiece! I'm very curious about the next scenario
9,Video revolution, then changes the whole game of CG
10,Do you need words? The Best SF Masterpiece
9,Except for tacky background music, the movie is so complete and sophisticated that even if it is made now. I knew for the first time that the best scene was from 2. I'll be back.
10,Life's work to anyone...
10,The best Terminator movie.
10,Especially, I watched Terminator 2 over and over again. ㅜㅜ I recommend watching Terminator 2 even though I don't watch everything else
10,It's a masterpiece. Make sure to watch it You can understand even if you don't watch it.
8,The current Arnold brother is cool, but when he was young, he was so out of control
10,I just enjoyed watching it when I was young. Looking at it again today, it's crazy... This is a real masterpiece.
10,A movie that doesn't need any modifiers except the word perfect
10,Will there be a movie that will outdo this movie?
10,The movie is so much fun. It's just a shame that the story keeps repeating from the previous version. But the fun part is that it's perfect
10,After Terminator came out, it's the first and second episodesI watch it, but there is no movie that can beat this movie that fits the term "cultural heritage of mankind."
10,Best perfect movie, action, story, acting skills, CG, all flashy and perfect. It's amazing that this movie is in 1991. This movie is much better than Terminator Genesis, which came out in 2015.Besides, the thrill and tension are great.
10,It's always my life's work
10,I wasn't able to see it in the movie theater because I was two years old when it was released, but I watched it on video by chance at least 30 times before I watched Dark Fate, and then I watched Dark Fate again. Edward Fallon John Connor is just the best
9,a James Cameron-like film
10,'91 What explanation do you need?
9,I'm getting goosebumps that this came out in 1991
10,If you don't know the meaning of this movie's location and details, you're the one who started SF as a marble...
10,Dark Fate Grace and Danny are no match for the action scene and sense of intimidation. Above all, Arnold's robot-like terminator acting skills (loading motorcycle shotguns) and flawless visual beauty and content. be short of ten stars It's the best masterpiece in the 20th century
4,Honestly, they say it's a masterpiece, but I don't know what it is. The whole time I was watching... Honestly, it was kind of boring I don't know what's funny.
10,I remember crying after watching the last scene when I was young. The best movie I always fall in love with!
10,It's a masterpiece without words, Arnold Schwarzenegger is the original, and no one else can match Arnold Schwarzenegger. My eyes are watering
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I look at it
10,I slept while looking at the dark paint. I really slept...
10,The movie that will remain a legend and the movie that will be the best movie of my life. Terminator!
10,Terminator... Turbocharger was both a masterpiece.
10,Terminator 2 Jurassic Park Titanic Six Sense
10,You should've done everything in Terminator 2, leaving a lingering impression that you'd be back, but if the director had done it, it's a different movie
10,The best movie of my life. There is no blame for the script, story, realism, and acting skills.
10,The best movie that doesn't need words
10,It's more and more amazing every time I see it.
10,I haven't seen a single movie that goes beyond this one
10,It is surprising that a movie that has been around for almost 30 years is not far behind the recently released Terminator even with video CG technology.
10,It's perfect for everything, story, graphics and acting, as well as SF masterpieces to be voted the Big Five in the 1990s
10,The last scene will be remembered in the movie history
10,'I will be back' ...He kept his promise.
10,There aren't many movies that can go beyond this
6,터미네이터 2: 심판의 날
10,This is the best movie ever
10,This movie is a masterpiece without words
10,Masterpiece, what do you need?
10,Will a movie come out again that feels like a masterpiece like this?
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I watched Dark Fate and came to watch the second episode.ㅜㅜ Grandma Linda and Grandpa Arnold.I really enjoyed watching "Children of Elementary School"...Time flies
10,The best movie I've ever seen...
10,Needless to say, it's the best movie in the Terminator series. It's a pity that I can't feel this kind of emotion again
10,You should've ended it in "Copyright" and "Nabal" and "Darkface"... Why did you make it? You participate in the production and you messed it up? 1 1 1st and 2nd parts are perfect
10,It is a blessing to live in the same time as watching this movie.
10,Ben-Hur, Sound of Music, Titanic There are many Hollywood masterpieces, but I dare to rate Terminator 2 as the best movie of the 20th century.
10,There's no need for words!
10,As an immortal masterpiece, there is nothing missing, but I think it's better to just watch it in 2D with good quality.
10,If a woman cries at Titanic, a man cries at this
10,
10,Terminator 1 Legendary Start! Terminator 2 doesn't need subtitles anymore
10,2 is really the original
10,Terminator ended in two episodes. Through this Dark Fate, it was confirmed that there was no revival of the series.
10,Dark Fate really needs to be criticized a lot. From the beginning to the end of this work, he committed the atrocities of destroying the products of countless efforts made by the main characters in five minutes. Now, even the famous scene where Arnold was sinking into the furnace with his thumb up has become nothing.
10,a masterpiece of the greatest film
10,It's better to watch this movie one more time than to watch the Dark Pater. How many times can I watch this movie? It's a masterpiece!
10,He deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
10,Why? Why? Can't I get more than 10 points? I want to give you 40 points!
10,It was released in 1991, but it was just released ㅠㅠ a masterpiece
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger is also Linda Hamilton was young, too. Sarah Connor in Terminator 2 is the real girl crush. The two women of Dark Fate are fake girl crush. He is weak in immersion and charisma. I just don't understand why people treat Sarah Connor, who has suffered so much to save humanity, as cold as the Dark Fate. You can kill John Connor so easily. The T-1000 is seen as the most irrefutable villain of all time. It is a movie that was perfect, from male and female main actors, villains, directing, story, and OST.
8,All the clichés come from here
10,
10,I got a shudder that I never felt when I was really young.It's not awkward at all now.I'm satisfied with the director's new ending.But you must have felt better to think that you are closer to Gore than you thought
10,I don't usually write reviews, but I remember it the most among the movies I watched, so I left an evaluation. I watched 2 without watching Terminator 1.I loved the character's personality and way of telling stories. Especially in Korea, most of the movies have a cliche story rather than a story, but foreign movies have a proper flashback scene in their stories and are easy to understand Also, the touching point was not that it was forced through motherhood and paternal love, but that feeling that anyone would naturally feel, and I was amazed at how the character's personality was so elaborate The action scenes were amazing enough to make you nervous, and it's a movie worth watching over and over again. I wish I'd seen Terminator 1
10,I watched 2 again to purify my rotten eyes after seeing the dark paint. It's been a while since I've seen it. It's not as good as Saracone. It's girl crush
10,I don't need to say anything. You're the best
10,The best masterpiece...
10,
10,It's such a masterpiece that it's hard to get figures ㅠㅠ
10,It's amazing to make such a movie in the 90s.
10,November 3, 2019. Raise your hand if you saw the sequel to Terminator 2, Dark Pater
10,I think this is a million times better than dark paint
9,
10,I'm sure there's no other movie in my life that left such a deep impression and lingering impression
10,It's just a piece of art. Sarah and Terminator's first encounter at the psychiatric hospital gave me goosebumpsWhen you run away, you feel the fear from the first episode.We were on the same side, but the horror hatred, the acting was the best
10,Shut up and watch. For those who haven't seen it
8,It was interesting and fun
10,It's fun to watch it again I'm out of my mind
9,The last one was really cool
10,It's a masterpiece that won't be in the SF genre again.
10,I watched it in 1991 at "The First Theater" in Sokcho. I can't believe it's been 29 years since I saw you in theaters.When I went to Sokcho for "Best Theater"... It became a small one-story storehouse and a wide parking lot.
10,The World Hall of Fame!
10,
10,After watching it in 8th grade, I wrote my review in my diary. I remember writing that the future society is going to be cold. Now Arnold is old, Linda is old, and I am old.
10,Whether it's a theater version or a director's version, there's no shortage of the actual final production of the series. It would have been nice if the director's version of the ending was adopted as the official ending.
10,This movie is like a World Heritage Site
10,I almost got sick of it when Tichun came running... I'm sure there were a lot of people who had nightmares back then...
10,Wow, the role of mom is no joke.멋지다 That's so cool. I need to work out
10,Everything is perfect
10,Can't you give me 12 points?  It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,the greatest film in human history
10,But why did Naver's movie change the subtitle of the registered title from "Judgment Day" to "Original" when this work was re-released?
10,Even if you watch it once, it's fun to watch it later
10,After this movie, robot movies have become toys for children
9,The majesty of analog-style special effects, technical surprises that still linger over time, and at the same time, nostalgia that is intertwined with the brilliant days
10,Without saying anything, you're the best
10,Even though I know the content, there is tension in the sea.
10,It's not about Jiyoung. I think it's good for your mental health to watch this
6,It's as if the Bible is out. The director is a genius
10,It's a masterpiece. It's not tacky at all. It's fun.
10,I should have stopped here.
10,
10,2 is definitely 2
10,Bold imagination and action
10,This movie will last for 100 years or 200 years
10,I watched it again because of the dark paint, and it's still so much fun.It's just a masterpiece. No need to say too much.
10,
10,I saw it as 3D that I expected.It is a pity that the content is not a director's version, but I watched it with satisfaction. If you could do 3D for the next re-release,
10,It was released before I was born, so I never imagined I could watch Terminator 2 in theaters for the rest of my life. There was no theater nearby, so I had to go far, but it was a very touching experienceㅠㅠ It's the best movie I've ever seen!
10,Hastaravista baby
10,(Singing "Doom Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece even after a long time!
10,Remastered, it feels different. Compared to movies these days, CG doesn't feel weird at all
8,Just as liquid robots are impossible in the distant future, robots beyond movies are impossible
10,Gae gae gae gae gae gae gae gae gae gae gae lol
10,It's so much fun even if you watch it again
10,When I was in high school, I watched a movie with my friends at the theater and hugged them after the movie.If I were to pick the best movie of my life, I wouldn't hesitate to pick T2.
10,돌아올게.
10,It's fun, but looking at it now, it's half fun I didn't get to see it in the theater, but I hope it will be re-released this time
9,A masterpiece to watch before you see Dark Fate!I thought it was 3D, but it's 2D. Let's not be fooled!
10,When I watched it in the theater, I felt that the image quality was clear, so I looked into it, and it was a 4k remaster, and it's been well over 25 years, but the tension between the heart-burning OST and each character relationship is unrivaled. After I got home, I was able to watch the first episode with Blu-ray again, and now I'm going to use the dark paint! Arnold, Linda, I wish you a long life~~~~
10,As the times passed, many movies passed by, but Term 2 was always there.
9,Whether I watched it on TV or video, or if I recognized that I watched it by combining scenes from time to time, I only had a vague memory, but I feel like I went back to the old days and went to the theater I was touched when the background music came out in the furnace scene
9,It's 1991 but it's the best! I watched it at the theater today I will be back. I will be back. I look forward to the release in "Dark Fate."
10,When I was sad and sick, I cried watching the last scene as if I was sad or sickcrying
10,How shocking and surprising it would have been to see it in theaters in the '90s. Power and tension that you couldn't feel on TV. Terminator is a masterpiece
10,The legend I saw at the Seoul Theater in Jongno in 1991.Even if you look at it again, it's a legend.But it would have been better if he was the director.
10,It was unbelievable that it was made 28 years ago, and it was a masterpiece comparable to the movies now.
10,The name James Cameron will tell you what kind of movie this is!내 Best work with my life metrics!
10,Every time I see it, I regret what I already saw
8,Even if you look at it again, it's a perfect production and a perfect action. Fluffy bangs of furlongs made the movie so perfect.   Action without CG, this is a real blockbuster action movie. It was a perfect action. I recommend you watch it again at the Mx3d Theater.
10,The fact that the sequel is worse than the previous one is never in front of Terminator 2! It doesn't work. I'm so lucky to see this movie in the theater.
10,I get goosebumps when I watch Sarah's corner in <Terminator 2> and Sarah's corner in <Terminator: Dark Fate>
10,a complete sequel to the original
10,There's no need for words.The best science fiction movie of all time.
10,This movie is the best
10,Every time I see him, I cry. I'm ready for the dark paint ball
10,There were not many 3D theaters, so I managed to look for them, but it was uncomfortable to watch because it looked like there were subtitles. The movie itself is the best no matter how many times I watch it!
10,Even Baby Vista.
10,My life is divided into before and after watching Terminator 2.
10,I recommend it. It's worth watching Good, good
9,I enjoyed it
4,Don't be fooled by 3D. It's a 2D movie
10,It's going to be a crazy movie. It's the last one  I'm an avuncular brainer. Preemptive poem, please
10,Here was a man's dream at the time
10,RBW! I'm coming back
10,I heard it was remastered in 3D 4K, so I watched it It's a movie I've watched over and over again. It's so immersive. No words needed
10,The best movie of my life! Will I be able to see this kind of movie again?
10,돌아올 것이다.
8,Why is Megabox Cheongna so quiet?It feels like watching TV at home. This masterpiece
8,If you're going to watch the re-release, please watch it in 3D I couldn't stand it. I saw it in 2D.Actually, it's like watching a movie on a screen where you're doing it like a beef bone on a cable channel.It wasn't that different and amazing Please wait for 3D and watch it
10,As a musician, I got a perfect score for the OST.Everyone got a perfect score
10,I don't have a movie that won yet
10,The best movie of my life
10,It reminds me of the emotions that I felt when I watched a movie without knowing it  In the beginning, my heart was pounding because I was scared, and in the last scene, I went into the lava with my thumbs up, saying, "I know why humans are crying." Even now, when I close my eyes, I vividly remember that scene If I have a wish, I want to get rid of the memory of watching Terminator 2 and feel the thrill again
9,When I first saw him.It was the best...
9,It is a movie that makes sense why it has been called a masterpiece for a long time.It's been almost 20 years since the movie was made, with various productions, colorful action scenes, and high immersion...There is nothing missing. However, there were many disgusting and cruel scenes for me. I'm looking forward to Dark Fate which will be released next week.
10,Those of you who haven't seen this must watch it!This is what a movie is like.
10,a movie of old memories
10,As expected, it's a masterpiece. You have to watch it
10,If you leave a score, you're at least an old man
10,As expected, even if I look at it now, it's a legend.
10,The movie that's comparable to this is Alien 2? You're the best among SF9 members
10,The real Terminator is back James Cameron, I'm looking forward to his third Termination
10,Wow, you have to watch this. The directing was amazing and the acting was pretty good
10,This is really a movie. I don't know how many times I watch it.
10,
10,When I was young, SF movies are now becoming reality
10,다시 올거에요.
10,82kg. Kim Jiyoung ate up all the theaters, so there aren't that many theaters
10,
10,SF films are divided into before and after Terminator
10,a masterpiece beyond the ages It's a masterpiece even if you look at it again.
10,As expected, the best in Terminator series is the second episode. I will be back
10,Why is the movie industry regressing?
10,I watched it in my second year of high school and it's been 28 years since I saw it in 3D.The best masterpiece is a masterpiece even after 28 years. 28 years of CG is still awkward and not tacky. It's different if James Cameron makes it
10,Why is the audience so low?
10,
10,I'm sick and tired of it
10,It's different from what I saw when I was young.I'm sure T2 is a masterpiece that will never surpass any blockbuster before or in the future.
9,This is the Bible of an SF action thriller. You said there are no two films that surpass the first, but the second one is also more than one, so what do you need to say?  Arnold played "I'll Be Back" as he entered the furnace. This was an icon of the time. Besides the Terminator series, there were many famous masterpieces such as Comando and True Rise.
10,Thrilling and fun
10,
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I look at it. Isn't it almost addiction?
10,There's no need for words. You're the best
10,70s Star Wars 4//80s Indiana Jones/90s Terminator 2//00s Matrix.. I'll give you 10 points.
10,I don't need anything. Long live the governor
10,A movie that mankind should take
10,"Please show us a masterpiece like this, not an 82-ton buffet movie"
10,I watched it at the theater on the first day of its release. I bought tickets again and again. I watched it three times on the first day of its release. I can still feel the thrill and excitement ^^
10,I think it's a masterpiece that will go down in human history.
10,I registered a rating for the first time, and it's this movie
8,I visited the 3D movie theater after 11 o'clock with a dream of boosting the movie of my childhood, and I feel sorry for CG 28 years ago.Moreover, I thought of the past, so I searched for it and watched related videos.  ㅠㅠ I'm sorry for the sloppy makeup, but it's an old movie, and the remastered...We'll have to look forward to the new Dark Fate.
10,The best action movie of all time lol The color of 4k remastering is amazing
10,I watched the first movie of Terminator on TV and watched the second movie without any information.I thought that the second t1000 would be small and nice
9,"Blockbuster" is the movie that best suits masterpiece, script, and music that never gets boring
10,When I was young, I borrowed a video tape that was divided into top and bottom and watched it on a 14-inch booger screen.But I was so overwhelmed that I couldn' The memory of that day is so vivid.
10,I saw it in Hong Kong, and it feels new even when I watch it again
10,Thumb is a sign to raise it
10,I can't help but give you 10 points that don't need words. I watch it whenever I think of it, and when it's re-released, I definitely watch it
10,Terminator 2 is real!
10,A masterpiece without a scene to throw away
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't change no matter how much time changes
10,It was the best. " "A masterpiece"
10,It would be really funny if the scene where the t-800 is re-released, the scene where the head of the rest area is ripped off, the scene where the suture of the sarah corner, the scene where John Connor communicates with the t-800, and the last scene where the t-800 shows the skeleton of the terminator were edited LOL
10,I can't believe this movie was made 28 years ago. I re-released it in 3D and watched it again, but I got goosebumps thinking it was the latest movie! The best and immortal masterpiece of the Terminator series ever!
10,Apart from what I know, Terminator 2 is the best masterpiece.You won't get tired of watching it again and again. The last scene of the furnace is always touching
10,Did this change at the end? I can't say "I will be back" with my voice. I was waiting for it, but it was just the size of my hand. Movies are just awesome. I applied all the recent movies
10,I'm Be Back, I'll be back
10,The best movie of my life, even when I was 12 years old when I first saw this movie, when I was in my 20s and 30s when I watched it dozens of times after the Internet was created, and even now I'm still in the middle of my life!
10,Perfection itself... Terminator 2 and 30, which I only watched when I was young, are close, so I realized that Terminator 2 is a SF movie with more meanings.
10,Do you need a review?I don't need 100 stars
10,Action Blockbuster Textbook
10,Masterpiece!
10,Today, 37-year-old Chai watched 3D again with his 11-year-old son. We've both crossed generations with thumbs up!
10,16th spring, touching, happiness, faith, love
10,The sound is already crazy~~
10,I don't think there's a movie with overwhelming reviews like this.Just reading the comments is touching and makes me cry.
10,This is the best of the best.
10,Every time I see it, I always watch it in a crazy and fun way.  A movie that's always fun even if you watch the movie again.
10,I think I've seen it a hundred times, but I get surprised every time I see it Man made this? It's not Cyberdyne? But I'm sure it's humanistic because I'm a human being. Maybe because Cameron made it, all the visual designs and scenes are perfect, the T800's clothes are taken out, the T1000 is fun just standing there, the wildness of Saracone and Pearlong's charm. If you haven't seen it, please watch it This is definitely the funniest film in the history of all the films on Earth
10,다시 올거에요.
10,You could be mine!!! Even with this OST from the intro, it's a harpoon!
10,You're the best!
10,I binge watch to see Terminator Dark Fate.
10,
10,I am playing CG because of this movie.
10,the shock of a timeless worldview a masterpiece
5,(Crying)
10,Masterpiece...乃
10,Aren't there a few people in the world who haven't seen this?
10,The scenes over there are CG? Who said that? You don't even know it and you call it CG? You made it yourself Look at the video clip of Terminator 2. It's not the best CG doesn't cost much to film!
10,I just watched it at the theater After watching the movie, everyone was moved and gave a standing ovation It's full at the theater. It's so much fun
10,The best! I think I've seen it more than 30 times in my life
10,The story of a terminator who came from the future as a group of sinners who are a civil sin that destroys mankind.
10,Is there anything I can do to get 10 points?
10,When I was in elementary school, I first watched it with my family on videotape, and even though I was young enough to not know about the movie at that time, I can't forget the emotion, concentration, and surprise of the first time I saw this movie. The story's probable actors' acting skills Special effects Terminator's unique darkness and toughness are all combined, and it is a movie with the harmony of action and drama that cannot be compared to any other action movie. It's been almost 30 years since its release, but I want to watch it again even after 40 or 50 years.
10,"I know why you're crying. Only humans can spill it."It was a famous line that touched my heart."
10,This is my favorite movie of all time, so I need to register my rating.I bought a BB gun to copy Arnold Schwarzenegger when I was a kid and got hit hard.
10,It's almost 30 years old and the new Terminator series regress further  The art of making would have been more advanced, but why?
10,A masterpiece with greatness that only movies can show
10,A lot of supporting actors from Ariane 2 and Titanic
10,I still remember crying when I saw Terminator when I was young
10,I saw it now. Look at the year. It's a masterpiece
8,It was a bit boring because I saw the director's version. But at the time it would have been sensational content and graphics.
10,James Cameron is a genius.It's the best of his works.
10,The perfect blend of analog and digital
10,This kind of movie is rare these days. Camelon, who made "Avatar" and "Titanic Alien 2," is so cool.
10,We watched more to celebrate the Dark Feast
10,It's a movie that contains not only attractions but also a message about humanity. Shocked at the time of release...
10,A movie that I watched in the 90s with my father to get sick of!It's a masterpiece that my father acknowledgedThe best movie of my life!
10,Wow, as expected, to commemorate the dark paint, the remastered place is nice Haha
10,A masterpiece created under the impetus of all time
10,How can I rate this movie? Even young people born before this movie are not as good as current SF. A must-see masterpiece before you die!
10,When I went to the video store, it was always upside down ㅜㅜ
10,The average score is not 10, so I leave a star.I've seen a lot of movies in theaters, but the shock and lingering feelings I got when I saw a movie in theaters (then I was 12 years old) are still vivid in my memory 30 years later. I think it was perfect in everything, including directing, screenplay, acting by actors, special effects, and craftsmanship of the production team.
10,If you saw it 10 times, you're done explaining
10,I still can't forget the shock I first saw when I was 11 years old. I don't know what my favorite Cameron movie is like, but 2 is the best so far. If I don't give him 10 points, will there be a movie that will give him 10 points?
10,Do you need words? It's just crazy.
10,This is the absolute perfect movie of science fiction.
10,a masterpiece without words
6,Will be back, doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo~~ It's a movie where you eat half of the BGM... Is it Arnold Schwarzenegger? He's in his prime, so he's got some kind of gundam. His voice is so cool. It was an unconventional story at the time. Looking at it now, it's kind of childish.
10,I was wondering why there's no Olleh TV when it's a masterpiece, but it's coming out soon shivering
10,
10,I was just going to review the dark matter before I saw it. The special effects are no joke. I wonder how this movie came out before the 2000s.
10,It's a masterpiece even if you look at it again!
10,I honestly don't like this movie... After watching this, other SF episodes got boring...
10,It's a masterpiece. An interesting story is the best
9,It's an unforgettable masterpiece. The last scene is one of the masterpieces that I still remember
10,I can't imagine it being from '91.
10,The war between humans and machines. I'm looking forward to seeing SF action thriller re-released in 3D in a more realistic way
10,James Cameron's Terminator 2 will be re-released in 28 years! It'll be awesome if you watch it in 3D!
10,I'm looking forward to the re-release A masterpiece lol
10,I can't believe I can watch Terminator 2 in 3D again                I can't wait to see how the action scenes of the liquid metal robot T-1000 and Terminator will be expressed in 3D^^
10,It's a collaborative film with a subtle yet synergistic atmosphere with 3D screenings of old movies!
10,It's just gracious to be able to see a masterpiece in 3D at a theater!It's interesting to see how we imagined machines to evolve at that time, and I think we can also feel the co-prosperity ethic of humans and machines ^^Arnold Schwarzenegger used to come out everywhere, but now he's back in his prime^^
10,Terminator 2 is always a masterpiece. All series are fun. Especially, when I watched it on TV sometimes, I watched it until the end
10,The re-release of the masterpiece's 3D remastering is like a gift to us
10,Masterpiece of SF movies
10,Immortal masterpiece is the best movie ever
10,^^ Best SF Movie Released in 3D ^^ It's the best movie in 30 years
10,Seeing Terminator 2 in 3D made me sick and tired. It was even better because it was shown in 3D on a wider screen. The production cost is $100 million to the point where I can't believe it was released 27 years ago! I couldn't forget the admiration for creating such a work with analog special effects rather than computer graphics and CG
10,I didn't expect to see Terminator 2 3D in the movie theater. I want to go see the 1991 movie in 3D because I think it will be upgraded and more sophisticated than before.~~
7,Will Be Back! We're finally back! It's 3D! It's one of the series that shows why James Cameron is a great director! Two of the best Terminator series, Arnold Schwarzenegger's action and Edward Furlong's Leeds look in 3D! I'm looking forward to it :)
10,I'm really looking forward to seeing action legend again in 3D.I think you can have a different kind of fun than when you see it in 2D.
10,I want to be with the children now, #Terminator2_3D, a science fiction legend movie that was moved in 1991.I'm looking forward to remastering and releasing the 3D format.I'll check again on October 17th to see if we'll protect humanity on Judgment Day.^^
10,Trust me. Hastara Vista Baby.Will Be Back.
10,I wonder if there will be another movie that is better made than this movie by competing with Terminator
10,Even if you watch it again, it's still touching! Since it's a 3D movie, if you watch it realistically, it's twice as touching
10,Can I make it better if I make it again now? As time went by, you can see new technologies in 3D just like wine ripens Thank you for re-release of Terminator 2 3D
10,This movie is the best blockbuster that changed my life His thumb-chuck, which is the first work to exceed $100 million in production costs and has more than 300 special effects and a masterpiece that has been ahead of its time, is now looking forward to be released again.
10,It's a great honor to be able to watch this movie in theaters again with the 3D re-release!
10,Almost everything we want from the SF genre. Terminator is back with 3D visual! l'll Be Back! Thank you for keeping that promise!
10,Terminator 2 is my life movie that I always remember! Above all, when I first saw the second movie, the joy was unimaginable. I always want to watch a great movie in 3D in my heart. I'm really looking forward to it!
10,I couldn't watch the VOD at the theater because I was young, but it's finally re-released, but it's a 3D release.I'm finally seeing Arnold's I_WILL_BE_BACK as a three-dimensional video I'm really looking forward to it...
10,린다I'm looking forward to Linda's new album
10,I've heard of your reputation as a Terminator! I can't miss this opportunity to release in 3DI'm really looking forward to it!
10,A masterpiece is forever! Legend
10,Will there actually be a nuclear war like Judgment Day? What warning message does this film give us?
10,Terminator 2 3D I miss you so much
10,Terminator 2 is released in 3D! I'm really looking forward to seeing masterpieces in 3D just by looking at them.
10,I'm waiting for the movie I want to see.
10,It's cool. It's very, very cool ^^
10,I'm looking forward to Terminator 2 3d
10,A masterpiece! I'm really looking forward to it
10,Terminator 2. I'm looking forward to it
10,I heard that the history of the movie is divided before and after Terminator 2, so 3D video is worth it!!!
10,I can't believe it's 3D Hurry up and open it
10,Good, good~~
10,I miss Terminator 2 so much
10,I'm looking forward to Terminator 2 3d. Harley Bike looks like a cool god.
10,Terminator 2 3D. Lean on me
10,It's fun. It's thrilling
10,I'm looking forward to Terminator to Hridi
10,I was looking forward to Terminator 2 3d
10,It would've been a legend if it ended here. James Cameron deserves to sob
10,I'm really looking forward to Terminator 2 3D
10,Terminator 2 3d I'm looking forward to it
10,It's a great movie. It'll be fantastic
10,Terminator 2, I love you so much
10,It is a blessing to be able to see the film, a textbook in the science fiction film industry, in a 3D remastering version in which director James Cameron participated in the conversion. I'm curious about the world of Skynet that Cameron, who opened a new chapter in the 3D movie industry with his avatar, embodied in 3D
8,I'm so excited!It's working. Let's pick one
10,I'm looking forward to seeing Terminator 2 3d
10,I think it's going to be so much funA movie you can trust and watch
10,Good. I'm looking forward to it. Fighting!
10,The liquid metal robot, T-1000, comes to remove the young John Connor, and to block the T-1000 and protect the young John Connor, the terminator comes to hide and face the chase and confrontation in 3D, so I expect it to remain more dynamic and in my mind!!
10,Terminator 2 is a masterpiece that's fun to watch and beyond everyone's imagination! I still can't forget the ending scene ^^
10,20 years later, it's the best movie, Terminator 2. It's the best
10,I'm looking forward to seeing Terminator 2! masterpiece again in 3D, which I cried when I was young.
10,A masterpiece is always a masterpiece! Even when I look at it again, the emotion is trembling!
9,A masterpiece lasts forever.  It's a wonderful piece that proves that, but 3D screenings...I'm really looking forward to it.
10,The Return of Legendary Masterpieces! And 3D! You have to watch this!
10,I can't believe you're recreating the feeling of seeing Terminator 2 in 3D. I'm getting goosebumps!
10,It's the best SF textbook even after a long timeWe're back in 3D!I'll be back! As expected!
10,Do you want to fall in love with the Arnold Schwarzenegger action of Terminator who came back alive?
10,Terminator 2, which was one of the best movies of my childhood, came out in 3D.I'm so happy to see Arnold Schwarzenegger on the screen again!I'm looking forward to it very much!!!!
10,I will watch the best movie of my life again. Let's fill October with Terminator
10,What's a masterpiece for those who get 1 point?
10,It's not a movie. It's the national treasure of the United States
10,This is what a movie is like. Movies
10,Legendary legend, welcome back! It's even better to see it in 3D!
10,It's the best even if you watch it again Recommendation
8,Terminator 2 in 3D. Look forward to it.  I like Terminator 2 the most.
10,Vida**** gave a score of 1 point to everyone got 1 point. an attention seeker
10,The masterpiece of SF, Terminator, 25 years later, is still not awkward at all. I Wii be Back!!! Ugh! It was so sensational that I couldn't remember the more famous movie lines. I'm excited to see you again in 3D.
10,I can't believe it was a movie 30 years ago.  I'll eat up all the movies this year
10,I think I'll give 10 points to aliens
10,There are a lot of great scenes. If you leave comments like a drama clip, it'll be amazing
10,A movie that makes your heart flutter just by listening to music
10,It's been recorded as the best movie of my life. The impression is incomparable to anything. Unfortunately, it makes me sad that there will be no masterpieces beyond Terminator 2 in the future. It's not an action movie. It's a movie with a lot of humanism
10,Why don't you re-release the original poster? It's kind of third-rate
9,The movie was really shocking after watching it through a videotape that my father borrowed during the Lunar New Year holiday in 1992. It is a very interesting movie even now. The series that came out later... I don't even want to mention it.
10,Well... whatever you say, it's a four-way street.
10,If you could make the highlights of 20th century movie history,
10,What more do you need to say?
10,Arnold's motorcycle, leather jacket, shotgun, sunglasses...
10,First opening at Daegu Hanil Theater. Future battlefield skull bam! I don't know when you step on it.And is it a ten-minute movie?I don't think I've ever seen it go by so quickly
7,The final version of the series or the thumbs-up is cliche
10,I won't explain Just look
10,It's been 20 years since I was born
9,Even though it's an old movie, it doesn't hurt
10,The greatest masterpiece of mankind!
10,From the scene where Arnold's chain slowly went down to the furnace, I choked up with hot emotions, and in the last scene of the thumb, tears and runny nose
10,The immortal sf movie will remain a classic forever
10,My childhood imagination starts with this movie!
10,Make sure you go to the movies before you die
10,I don't think there's a movie that's in the same class, but there'
10,How many times did I watch it on 29-inch Anam Analog TV?
10,I watched it twice in the theater, 10 years later on TV, downloaded it a few months ago, but I lost track of time. There was no movie like this in my life.
10,I feel like I have to run away when I'm chased by the T-1000.
10,It's my favorite movie of my life
10,A masterpiece of the 20th century. Forever in the 21st century
10,A movie that everyone can be satisfied with
10,Terminator One, Two Punch, one of the best movies of my life. It's a masterpiece even if I look back at it in 2019. We look forward to the third episode of Dark Fate.
10,No matter how many times I see a masterpiece, I can't help but admire it. Thumbs up!
10,At that time, the movie theater at that time would easily exceed 20 million won now
10,The 1991 movie "SKINET" is becoming a reality
10,It is a perfect movie in all aspects, including music and action, organized settings, special effects, and overwhelming personality and emotional lines. The heart beats and stimulates the tear glands. If you look at the works that are coming out these days, even if it's a masterpiece, it's often biased towards one part.
10,The first part is better than the second part, but the second part is also good
10,How in the world is this movie 28 years ago? (Shaking)
10,It's a genius art
10,Hey, hey, hey, hey, let's stop this. I'm going to go to Danseongsa Temple on my last year vacation in 1992.Let's all stand up and clap...Is there a movie that everyone clapped for? Come on out
10,It's a movie that I don't feel inferior to the ones that come out these days
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times
8,Handsome. Between 89, I'm thinking about it. It's SF8.
10,It's been almost 30 years, and there's still no robot war movie as powerful as this
10,It's the best movie. No words needed!
10,I saw it in the States when it was released, but the shock and thrill I received at that time...
10,No words needed. Re-release number three tells us how many will be released in the future
10,It will be the best movie ever.
10,a monumental masterpiece of timeless science fiction movies
10,The movie itself is just god
10,There are a few movies that shocked me in my life: Terminator, Jurassic Park, Alien, Back to the Future. Personally, these works deserve to be designated as human heritage to be preserved until man perishes
10,Robert Patrick is the T-1000 itself
10,T1000's acting skills are so perfect. I still can't forget the robot's unique facial expression that looks like there's no joy, anger, sorrow, and joy. If Arnold played the robot in his speech and behavior, Robert played the robot in his facial expression
10,How can this be a 1991 movie?
10,I've been seeing you for a few times a year after year
10,I think I've seen it hundreds of times.
10,Best movie of my life, Terminator 2, Alien 2
10,I watch it every time they rerun it on TV
10,More powerful sequel!!!
10,The last thumbs up scene tells everything.
10,One of the most interesting movies I've ever seen in my life.
10,The greatest masterpiece. The best movie that can be produced in the action genre
10,Hastaravista baby
10,It's been 10 years since I saw it, but I still remember it and keep looking for it.
10,Permanent Absence of 20th Century SF Movies
10,It's as good as 2019 too
10,I watch it at the theater, at home, on TV, on projects, in 3D, in 4K, and in UNCUT
10,People think that Terminator 2 is just an ignorant person who likes action movies. They don't know if this movie is just an action movie, they're ignorant. It's all in this movie
10,You have to give him 10 points no matter what!
10,Immortal film. I don't need another word.
10,Does this movie's rating require an explanation?
10,It's a masterpiece that's not tacky at all
10,It's an incredible movie that I don't understand how they made this kind of movie in '91
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words. My heart still flutters
10,There is no need for explanation. What should I say?
10,Arnold was born to be a Terminator, I'd believe it. Her voice is great, she's 45 years old, and she's still in a dreary state, and Robert's acting is so cool, LindaHamilton was a great warrior, and Furlong was a handsome man, and he was great at acting at that age
1,Clark Bull Plan to Accelerate Introduction to Public International Law
10,Story tension. Actors' high-quality acting skills. 10 out of 10 CGs!
10,Such a masterpiece... I can't believe it was made when I was 20 years old.
10,There's no need for words. Just look
10,Hands in 2019! Even in the 21st century, there's no difference at all and the immersion is the best. After watching this movie, my cancer got better It's the masterpiece of the century!
10,I hope you can re-release the best masterpiece of your life
10,No current director can make such a movie except James Cameron himself.
10,You did a great job It is much better than Korean movies now
10,It's been a while
10,It's been a while since I saw it in the middle of the show. It's been a long time since you've played it in movies these days.It's been a while since I watched "Movie."
10,There's a reason why people say this and that about everything
10,It's a masterpiece.ㅜㅜ
10,When I was in elementary school, it was new and more fun when I turned 30
10,Terminator 2 > Avengers Series
10,This movie that my dad played. I was definitely not watching this movie, but I kept looking at it and I saw myself falling into it
10,This movie is great. That way, a movie can be established
10,Even if I look at it now, I can hear the sound
10,an inexplicable masterpiece
10,I can't believe a movie from 28 years ago is this bad. It's much higher than the Avengers now. Let's leave Korean movies out of the question.
10,The greatness of James Cameron.
10,The movie information is wrong Except for Arnold the Terminator, how are they all supporting roles? Sarah Connor, John Connor, T-1000 all supporting roles. ㅠㅠ
10,It's definitely the best movie of my life
10,If you think of your favorite movie, you don't have to think about it comes out right away
10,The craziest movie I've seen ㅠㅠ If you haven't seen it, please watch it
10,I watched the movie more than 30 times, but I watched it all 30 times with goosebumps and tension
1,The balance must be maintained
10,I watched it again to feel touched when I was youngAs expected, I'm touched... It's a masterpiece that has both a message and fun
10,I'm ashamed to comment on this movie.
10,The best movie of the 20th century
10,I didn't leave a rating. I had a lot of fun watching it
10,Cameron, what are you really doing? How many of these are in film?
10,The best movie of my life! Director James Cameron is a true genius.
10,This movie is always perfect, including the best commercial soundtrack
10,Alien 2 and Terminator 2 are James Cameron's most memorable films in history.
10,Interesting. Ideas are good. Janice's gone too far. Robots can't evolve that much
10,You're the best. You're the best
10,Even now, which is almost 30 years old, it leaves the soul out. The word Bible is used for movies like this.
10,I miss the time when liquid metal humans were amazed by the computer graphics technology coming up from the floor.
8,Except for the script, everything is perfect. The story is childish and sloppy. It's easy to make this much fun
7,Edward Furlong was so popular back then
10,Do you need words? LOL
10,I don't need to say anything
10,The best thumbs up left as a legend
10,a bible in science fiction a true masterpiece A work that would not be a waste of any modifier. One of the biggest films in film history.  This movie is a legend itself.
10,T-1000 is the ultimate villain
10,I will be back. This is a real famous line
10,The act of scoring is meaningless. A movie you must watch before you die.  an immortal masterpiece
10,Best science fiction movie ever. an original screenplay novelThere are no sci-fi films that compare with Star Wars.
10,I still can't forget the shock I saw for the first time when I was young I was curious who the director of this masterpiece was, and I saw that he was the director of God Eames Cameron.The director who was different from the beginning...
10,It's just the best. Awesome
1,I don't have 11 points, so I'll give you 1 point that feels like
10,I watched it again when I was 40. It's a masterpiece. I'm crying
10,다시 올거에요.
10,No words needed. A true masterpiece
10,It's good. The best movie of my life
10,It's a perfect movie. Best masterpiece
10,Masterpiece of Sf Water. It's so much fun no matter what
10,I saw it for the first time in my teens, I continued to see it in my 20s, I also saw it in my 30s, and I still see it in my 40s. 50s, 60s, 70s... movies to watch and watch until you die.
10,At that time, my friends asked me to go watch this movie with them, but I couldn't watch it and I still regret watching it on a small TV. I still remember how my friends who watched it on a big screen were foaming and going crazy~~
10,Now that I look at it, it's very tacky.But the story is the best ever ^^
10,a science fiction Bible The movie is even more surprising if you don't rely on CG than you think, and you look for special effects, Arnold-type stunts, and even behind-the-scenes stories.
10,The movie I watched 50 times since I was in middle school
10,I've watched the movie on TV more than 10 times, but it's fun and touching every time I watch it
10,Is this what you'really? Chungmuro Road
10,It's amazing how they made this movie in 1991. Cameron, we need a doping test
10,When I was a preschooler, I was so shocked that I had nightmares
10,In short, it's just a movie
10,No words needed, the best ever
10,If you haven't seen this, your life is in vain
10,This movie is a miracle. https://youtu.be/VKnMM66XJTE
10,The best SF movie of my life is Alien 2 and this movie.
10,It's just a crazy, crazy movie
10,Legendary 10-point SF movie
10,Wow... Really... Wow...
10,What do I need to say? I'm sorry I didn't get 100 points
10,How many times did you see her in elementary school? Haha
10,Best in the Terminator series!
10,It's a masterpiece that those who haven't seen it must see.It's a masterpiece.
10,Edward Furlong's heyday ♥
10,It's a masterpiece. Really
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen in my life
10,It's the greatest sense of immersion in history.
10,I swear with confidence. There is no other masterpiece in film history than this one. Director James Cameron has produced many masterpieces, but there is no other movie like Terminator 2.
10,A masterpiece that needs no words
9,You don't need to say anything. Just watch it
10,I saw it today too. With emotion. Science Fiction and Action, Arnold, Edward Furlong, Robert Patrick (T-1000), and You Could Be Mine
10,I think a fun movie is a movie that I can't get tired of even after watching it many times. This movie is that movie
10,Edward Furlong of Terminator 2, The Most Handsome Man in World Film History
10,It's the best movie of my life. It's fun no matter how many times I watch it and there's no time to get bored
10,From OST to action scene to SF, it is the most shocking, innovative and perfect movie about machine
10,Wow! I think it's the best even if I look at it again
10,The best movie of my life...I'm the only one in the movie
10,I'm sure there will be no more movies with this kind of sentiment. Forever masterpiece for people stuck in the analog and digital generation
10,It is the best movie in my life for 30 years.
10,Even now, when I think of this movie, I get emotional, excited, and my heart beats
10,If there is anyone who doesn't know about Terminator 2 movie yet, that person is blessed
10,I assure you, the best film in history
10,It's a legend among masterpieces that you can't get enough of even after watching it hundreds of times
10,The father of an action movie. Korean movies can't even keep up with this movie 27 years ago
10,There is no better movie
10,It's a legendary movie that I regret watching.
10,It's so much fun. You can trust and watch it
10,It's a movie that tells you that this is what a masterpiece is
10,the greatest work of CameroonI'll watch it again tonight.
10,the greatest masterpiece of James Cameron
10,A movie that I watch every time I think about it until I die.Legend
10,Wow, Terminator... ㅠㅠ I'm tearing up. I know why it's a masterpiece
10,There are few masterpieces 2 that go over 1. This movie is one of the masterpieces
10,Even if I watch it again, it's the best movie
10,I'm looking forward to Terminator 6
10,Best 10 Foreign Films (Personally): Terminator 2, Avatar, Apu Goodman, Interstellar, Kill Bill 1, Titanic, Predator 1, Leon, Forest Gump, Top Gun
10,When I look back on Skynet, I get goosebumpsWhat should I do? Did I think about that?
10,a masterpiece among the greatest of all time SF movie textbook. Visual and directing skills that aren't awkward at all
10,The best movie of my life. I miss my childhood
10,Will this level of creativity come out in life at that time?  How creative are the critics?
10,T2 is the two biggest mountains of science fiction with the Matrix
10,ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I saw it on the cable and I can't believe I just saw this masterpiece. God-godding work!
10,I've been waiting for another masterpiece like this
10,I've seen so many movies, but the best movie of my life
10,It's a masterpiece and masterpiece that hasn't changed over time. Director James Cameron is such an amazing person!
10,It's a fun movie to watch again
10,As of 10:18 p.m. on November 29, 2018, it is on air on Super Action.It is a content and attraction that you can't get enough of.
10,As expected, good! It's fun even if it's been 30 years
10,I wish I could go back to the past and the first time I saw Terminator 2 ㅜㅜ
9,Wow, it was a movie from 1991. I don't like action movies, but I enjoyed it. Reflect on the movies that have only hit the jackpot 27 years later
10,The best movie in the world.I want to erase my memory and see it again as if I'm seeing it for the first time.
10,a movie that will go down in history
10,The best movie of my life.It's been a few thousand years, but there's no better movie yet.--
10,It's perfect. No matter how well you make the sequel, you can't beat the second one
10,.Terminator series is here
10,The Terminator series should have ended here
10,Setting and technology that I can't believe was a '91 movie
10,Will I be able to watch this kind of movie again?
10,Beyond the shock of the film industry, it is a shock to the culture and a revolution in the film industry. This CG perfectly matches the storyline and fun to create the best work. A few chase scenes with T-Cheon are the best times in the film industry that need no words. Masterpiece. Masterpiece. Masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life...Out of the movies that have become flashy these days and the movies that will come out, this is probably the story.I think it's hard to get a touching and philosophical message
10,Terminator 2... You were my teenage self...
10,Personally, most of the Terminator series was satisfied with more than 8 points, and there were 2 of them, so even if the rest were a little boring, they kept having fantasies even if they were less interesting
10,The movie that compares to this is Titanic
10,You're really the best! My favorite movie
10,I watched it again because it was on TV yesterday. I watched it more than 50 times, but it was fun.
10,It is an honor to grade the legend. This movie is a legend.
10,It's perfect except for the flirty acting.
10,I'm watching it on the cable, but it's still exciting
10,Don't look at it It's so much fun
9,If he had gone to Predator 2 instead of Terminator 2... Shaking his head
9,Liquid metal is by far the best villain character I know.
10,It's '91! 91 years! The actors' very good acting, CG, directing, and screenplay! This movie is a masterpiece with a perfect score.
10,I can't believe it's been almost 30 years
10,My father showed me when I was in the second grade of Gukding in 1992, and the cruel scene was a little deleted version.I can't forget the impressions of those days.I'm sure you've seen it hundreds of times. Since I memorized every line...
10,I still remember how scared I was when I saw him running as a villain
10,Terminator 2 Matrix 1 is not even available at 20OOO
10,I've never seen a movie whose sequel was this perfect.I can't get enough of the best movie I've seen hundreds of course.
10,More than a robot movie, there's no need for words
10,What do you need to say?
8,It's a little rough from the current perspective, but the legendary SF movie. Arnold Schwarzenegger's charisma stands out.
10,The best science fiction movie of my life
10,A perfect action movie in everything. No. 1 movie of my life
10,How much did you cry when Terminator died at the end ㅜㅜ
10,There's no need for words. You're just the best
10,It's one of the famous paintings that you still watch until the end when you do it on the movie channel. Twenty-seven years later, it's a masterpiece of a science fiction film that's not at all tacky.
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen
10,......perfect!
10,The director is a genius. bb
10,Schwarzenegger is the eternal terminator in my heart
10,My favorite movie...I can say it's the best.
10,It's from 1991? Even if you look at 20OOO, it's a masterpiece...
10,Needless to say, the best movie of my life
10,For a movie made in 1991, it is a SF and action masterpiece that Korean action movies released now cannot match.
10,It's not a movie. It's art
10,Entertainment movies better than 1.
10,The movie where I talked about the plot with a girl I liked
10,I've never seen a villain as charismatic as T-1000
10,The movie is a story after all.  All the fancy CG techniques are important, but if you can't tell the story, it's just a pretty video collection. James Cameron is a genius
10,It was the best. I was riding the motorcycle that the kid used to ride
10,I want to say that it's one of the best SF movies
10,Touching! Fun! Thrilled! It's rare to see movies that give away everything! The best movie ever!
10,It's a masterpiece that mixes SF action movies with human dramas
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words, but 27 years after its release, T-1000's colorful graphics are now noticeable. It was a huge shock when it was released, but as time went by, it can't be helped
10,The greatest masterpiece of this era!
10,The reason why this is a masterpiece more than 1 is because it is sentimental to robots
10,A masterpiece that will go down in history forever
8,Legendary work of the Terminator series of crude sensibilities. The confrontation between AI and humans is an idea that is ahead of the times and draws a deep darkness.
10,20th century masterpiece itself
10,Just looking at the ending, it's perfect
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,One of the movies that I keep watching
10,It's my first time crying after watching an SF movie.It's fun and touching
10,I know it's boring for a second
10,I came to give you stars. I didn't even have 10 points. I won first place in the movie of old memories
10,For your information, I'll pour it into a straw when it becomes a T-1000 liquid and collects it.
10,It's touching to write a review. When I was over 40 years old, I went to the Seoul Theater to watch it.  To see Terminator 2... I still remember the hazy fumes in front of the theater that day's weather.  Top
10,I've never seen such a immersive movie before.
10,It's fun to watch it a few timesI think it's a masterpiece
10,It's the first time I've seen Terminator 2 properly since I became an adult, and I don't know how to describe it
10,I'm sorry I'm 90 points short.
5,My rating is harsh. Trust 1 point for garbage and filter it out. I can see no brain, but I can't see anything more than 3 points and up to 5 points. 7 points are fine. 9 points or more is probably hard to see
10,Just by making the last thumbs up into a brand.
10,Terminator 2, the first movie that touched my heart. I don't think there's a movie that beat that emotion
10,The best movie is so much fun
10,The best movie I've ever seen.The best robot I've ever seen is Terminator BBB
10,The best luck I ever met when I was 6 years old!
10,Those who remember the shock when the film was released domestically are sure to keep watching it when it is on the movie channel, perhaps by accident It's coming out again. It's fun until the opening game of the World Cup
10,Terminals 2 was amazing and shocking, and how they screened Term 1 in 1984 was shocking. AI time machine, homework for mankind to solve
10,Not to mention the movie, Arnold's leather jacket is really cool
10,It's cool even now!
10,The best masterpiece of my life.
10,There is no need for words. Evaluation itself is impossible.
10,I can't forget when I saw it as a Saturday masterpiece when I can't forget it At the time, after seeing this, other movies didn't even look like movies
10,Cameron's Terminator 1 and 2 are not just science fiction movies but horror movies. A robot that follows no matter how many times you run away. I don't think there is a movie that captures such a scary and simple chase that there is no end to.
10,I've seen countless movies, but I still can't forget the shock and emotion when I first saw this movie as a child. It's too bad I didn't see it at the movie theater. Cameron is a real genius. I can't believe I made this movie in 1991
10,I want to go back to when I first saw this movie. crying
10,Even if it's released now, it's worth 100 points
10,I watched the motorcycle chase scene when I was young, but I still can't forget the memory of watching it with my chest ball. The horror of the villain terminator is the highlight of this movie
10,I can't believe it's from 1991
10,I can't believe this movie was made in 1991. The genius of the director, the aggregation of film capital... I'm sure that we can't film it in Korea after OO... It's a phenomenal work.
9,It is a movie that can get a good evaluation even if it has a good story.
10,The best SF movie of my life
10,It's always the best. It's always new
10,I know why you're crying.
10,All the other films of the same genre have been turned into children.
8,I thought it would be a spectacular action movie, but it's surprisingly philosophical!
10,10 points is definitely the best!
10,Masterpiece!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@!@
10,My eternal Terminator... a masterpiece beyond description
10,I watched it in the theater when I was 12 years old.Despite his young age, it was so much fun and sad that it was over. The only thing he could compete with is Alien 2 and the same director
10,Even now, I think I've seen it more than 50 times, but I'm sure it's still a masterpiece in action and video.But it was a pity that it should have ended here.I can't believe I'm going to disgrace the name Terminator from 3...
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me want to find out and kill the terrorists
10,Movies that shocked me in my life.  Aliens, Back to the Future, Terminator, Jurassic Park.
10,When there was no reservation seat, we changed seats and watched the movie three times and there are a few days The movie that I watched again
10,Solka Terminator 2 needs to be remastered for 16kvr Alien 2 is the only movie that can rival this work.
10,I hope everyone in the world watches this
10,What makes you feel when you watch a movie and how you make the atmosphere in the movie well is important, but the unique feeling and immersion... It was a legend. Even if I look at it now, it's amazing.
10,If you don't give 10 points to this movie, which movie will you give 10 points to?
10,Wow... I can't speak.
10,I get goosebumps whenever I listen to the OST of the best movie of my life
10,One of James Cameron's geniuses. Again, masterpieces have nothing to do with the change of the times.
10,No words needed. 10 points
10,At the end, I think I know why you cry when T-800 sees John Connor. It's a strange, usually wonderful feeling that machines understand human emotions, and when you enter lava with a magnificent background at the end, it's really touching
10,No words needed! Shut up and recommend.
10,James Cameron is a real genius.
8,When I first saw it, it was a thrilling and thrilling movie. Even the last one.
10,The best movie, the liquid robot, is beyond imagination.
10,The best SF action is the best
8,Seriously, I was supposed to end it on this side.
10,27 years later, it's still creepy
10,There's no need for words OOO Korean Film Tombs Comparison of Human Heritage
10,a legendary masterpiece to be remembered forever
10,The Beginning of James Cameron's Legend
10,This movie is so cool.Miss.
10,우리가 만드는 것 외에는 운명이 없다.
10,The best sci-fi movie that will never come out again
10,This is a masterpiece of all ages.  When I was 15 years old, I saw it for the first time in my 30s and watched it again, but it is a masterpiece. I think this is the only feeling in an action movie
10,Do I need to say something?
10,A fun movie you again.
10,A masterpiece... I don't need any more expression...
10,A well-made movie from now on
10,Any compliment is not enough.
10,Two things in my life, Terminator 2 and Dragon Ball.
10,A movie that human beings should watch before they die
10,Movies are the essence of entertainment
10,The fear of a dark atmosphere suggesting nuclear war, the fear of robots chasing me to the end of the earth to kill me, and the fear of robots with torn limbs to protect me. This movie is a horror movie.
10,It's fun to watch it on TV several times
10,If you don't need words, I'll see you again this year.
10,A masterpiece of fun and thrill. No words needed
10,I've seen countless last scenes of Terminator 2, but I didn't see this movie until I became an adult. I saw the last scene and tears were flowing.It is surprising that this movie was made in 1991
10,"Terminator 1" is clearly lacking in graphics, but it is safe to say that 2 is a graphic made by torture of real aliens. Unless it is still made into a blockbuster action movie in Korea, it should be designated as a UNESCO-designated cultural heritage
8,The story and tension that surpasses the previous drama, the CG that is perfect even now, gives no room to raise objections.
10,역대 영화 1위
10,Is this movie the movie that created the best scene of the thumb?
10,A scary masterpiece that can't be evaluated without 10 points
10,a masterpiece of the century
10,The story and the ending are drawn in my head, but I still get goosebumps and my heart beats whenever I see the names of Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Robert Patrick, and Edward Furlong at the beginning of the movie. A movie that gives me goosebumps and tears every time I watch it even though I already know a lot.
9,This is fun...  Make sure to watch it.
10,There are a few movies that are legendary, acting, scenario, setting, action, philosophy, humanities, and everything else is good.The Terminator series is a perfect movie with one and two episodes, and the first and second episodes are true Terminators, and after that, it is just a subsequent movie.
10,I watched it again on Omelette Voyage and it's still so much fun.
10,This movie is a masterpiece made by humans by accidentally invading the realm of God
10,Can you give me 100 out of 10?
10,This is the end of the SF liquid line.
10,Totally~~~♥♥♥Arnold is so cool
10,The first movie I watched twice at a movie theater
10,There is no need for words.
9,Jim Ebisu is doing it for me. I can't believe it was made in 1990 and even though it was released in Korea at 20OOO, it's a masterpiece that will hurt 10 million people saying that Korean black eyes are wet
10,I saw it when I was in elementary school, and I cried because I was scared of the last machine chase scene
10,I was really looking forward to it because I heard it was a masterpiece, but it was more than I expected.In season 1, Sarah Connor made a lot of mistakes, but in season 2, she appeared as a strong mother and was cool. The scene where John informs the Terminator of human emotions was impressive, and it is a masterpiece that makes him think about artificial intelligence again.
10,I wish there was a robot like Terminator
10,I was watching a movie that came out even before I was born, and I cried during the last scene. I've never had such a full and goosebumps of sf before. I watched it for 2 hours and 30 minutes while concentrating.
10,I've never had a masterpiece like this in my life since Terminator 1 and 2. I want to give you 20 stars
10,This movie is thrillingshivering
10,Masterpiece...I can't forget the last breath of a black doctor.
10,This one needs to go to the museum
9,Surprised because it's so fast
10,a masterpiece made by God  What else?..
10,Do you need words? Just look
1,I wanted to give you 1 point, so I gave you 1 point
8,It's a good movie Not as good as Shawshank
10,Isn't it one of the textbooks for action movies?
10,It's the best ♡♡♡. ♡♡♡ Totally awesome
10,It's a masterpiece. A movie that stays in my heart
10,The Terminator series ended here. The later works are just Hollywood action movies with a name on them
9,If the ending is like this, the third episode can't come out.Lol But I can relate to the fact that Skynet has only been delayed.
7,A classic but action movie.
10,The best actor, best director. Just the best
10,Even if the world changes...People die and disappear, but... Masterpieces and masterpieces are forever.
10,I see it once every two years, but every time I see it, I am surprised by the directing skills and it is absorbed without knowing the time.Even though it was 25 years ago, I love you, Cameron
10,Don't keep rebooting to make money, let's leave a masterpiece as a masterpiece.
10,He was my colleague, guardian, friend and father.
10,I think I've seen this masterpiece more than 30 times
1,Don't watch "Gae-no-fun" and "Hyung Hwa"
10,It's the best movie ever. It's a legendary masterpiece
10,Do you need words for masterpieces that are masterpieces?When I hear the main theme song, my heart flutters and lingers in my mind!!!
10,The best science fiction movie.The last scene makes me cry
10,Why 10 stars is the limit. It's fun throughout the running time, and I want to watch it again afterwards. It's a masterpiece.
10,The best science fiction movie of the 90s with Jurassic Park 1.
10,Wordsless movie of my life
9,The best SF movie of my life is always so much fun even now from kindergarten!
1,Those born in the pre-80s who have old nostalgia may have been interesting, but for the new generation these days, stories and actions are not so attractive, but they are old blockbusters. Don't push against old people.
10,a masterpiece without saying much If you don't watch it, you'll regret it
10,The sequel to the second episode, the best of the Terminator series, is increasingly frustrating, but the second episode is unmistakable. If you look at the entire series, the connection is still pretty good, but the flaw is that the sequel is shabby because it was made so well.
10,A masterpiece that should go to the Hall of Fame!
10,Just... There's no need for words.
10,A movie that doesn't need words
10,This is a real successful sequel. Such a great movie
10,a masterpiece from God I can't get enough of it.
10,It's just fun to watch now
10,What do I need to say...
10,There is no need for words.
10,I feel sorry for Arnold getting old. He's a really cool guy. Still, it's good to see you film movies from time to time
10,It's such a waste of 10 points the greatest masterpiece of mankind
9,an awesome masterpiece needless words
10,I'm so sad that I can only give you 10 points It's like the latest movie again
9,The second movie is more fresh than the first one. There is not much difference.
10,I'm touched even when I see it again!
10,It's a masterpiece itself. The first time I saw it was 20 years ago, but it's still fun
10,The movie that will come true...
10,I don't want to forget to take this movie out of my external hard drive once a year. Why? It's a masterpiece
1,The rating is too high
10,Amazing graphics even now. Action. Story. Someone said, "Human Heritage". It does indeed. This movie is worth it.
10,There's no way to describe this
10,If James Cameron makes it, it's all legendary.
10,A revolutionary work that brought fun to the stage of art.After this work, the time has come when interesting TV programs and movies are evaluated.A work that changed the values of society as a whole.
10,I hate science fiction, but I can't help but ignore the genre. You're the best
9,I cried because of T-800.A movie 20 years ago.I can't believe it
10,And even now that I'm 41 years old, I've had this horrifying sense of urgency and the last humanism that I've seen crouching down the stairs for two hours, as if a 15-year-old was still in the theater
10,Masterpiece of a masterpiece...This movie is legendary
10,It's one of the few episodes that's better than the first one
9,It's a new name
10,It boasts a persistent chase scene and colorful videos and special effects that are perfect even now.Unlike the previous work, it exquisitely expressed the confrontation between the old terminator and the new terminator.It is touching to see the terminator removing himself from the furnace.
10,When I was in high school, I stood up and watched it. It was shocking. It was a Hollywood movie. It was the press. It was all over the place. The parody was amazing. It reminds me of that time. 10 stars
10,As expected, it's good even when I look at it again.
9,Although the movie is falling from the current point of view, it is a movie that marked a milestone in the SF genre and became a reference point.From the present point of view, it gives a generous score of nine
10,A masterpiece. No other words are necessary.
10,I didn't even cry after watching a sad movie, but I cried after watching this I'm so touched by the artistry of making it so well
10,After "2," the sacrifice of the time when everyone rushed to make a sequel recklessly, "3," which failed to bury it in the background, "4," which failed again, and "4," which made a mess of the previous films.
10,The best movie of my life is still lingering
10,One of the few true masterpieces...
10,The most famous of Terminator
10,I watched the first movie on the show in the street and the second movie was me who went crazy to the theater, putting everything aside.  The best of the best!  Arnold Schwarzenegger, I love you so much.^^
10,I'm a fool to look forward to seeing Terminator Zenith again. But... Terminator 6, Linda Hamilton, Arnold, Cameron, is finally back together. Key! I'm excited!
9,다녀올게
10,내 인생 최고의
10,Thank you for making this movie.
10,Everything's perfect. You can't relax for a second
10,A collection of 20th century CGs. The film's stunning visual feast still works.
10,Astala Vista Baby
10,This is from the 90's and it's a graphic novel
10,Blade Runner and Turner 2 are the best movies ever!
10,Wow... They're so good... It's so well made that there's no need for words. The lesson is clear. It's such a good movie
10,The only movie I've seen about 20 times
10,one of the few movies that is still interesting
10,The best movie I've ever seen as a teenager is Dead Poet Society and Terminator 2
10,네가 왜 우는지 이제 알겠어ㅠㅠ
10,The movie that excited me when I was a kid...So will my child.
10,In 1991, when I was 10 years old, I was thinking about watching this alone with my cousins in Jeonju. If that was a good move, it was not a movie, but a revolution
9,Revolutionary creativity itself beyond innovation
10,It's a real big movie.The shock of seeing such a movie for the first time 20 years ago is still vivid. If you see it on the holiday movie channel, you can just watch it and watch it again. I've seen it dozens of times
10,Let's acknowledge what we have to admit! The best movie of my life
10,I saw the walking SF textbook 3 times
10,No words needed.10 characters
10,I can't express it in words. 10 points is not enough
10,Sf legend itself.No words needed
9,I can't take my eyes off of this
10,20 years later, I still watch it. How can I make a movie like this?
10,돌아올 것이다.
10,It's amazing that action movies of this quality came out in the early 90s
10,00001 as the first one
10,You're just 10 out of 10
10,Legendary work that marked a milestone in 20th century science fiction film history
10,When you teach the word masterpiece, you can show this movie.
10,Judgement Day is a masterpiece
10,T1 The shocking new work of the time T2 The masterpiece of the century T3 The masterpiece that trampled on the enemy T4 The masterpiece that succeeded in coming back T5 The worst one that made the main character John OO wherever he went
10,Tears welled up every time I watch and watch TV shows. So touching.
10,It's a movie that won't be outdated even if you watch it 10 years later or 50 years or 50 years later
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,You can't come out in the world again.
10,If it ended neatly, it would have been a masterpiece and a two-part series.
10,The best movie ever, T2
10,I think it was '92... The first time I saw it, the fear of liquid machines... The terminator after that is a failure
8,I'm not that... Edward Furlong is handsome That little girl is so wise
10,A movie that comes out once in a hundred years without words
10,Unprecedented movies, action, special effects, touching... Masterpiece Terminator
10,The first movie that comes to mind when it comes to the past and the future
10,It's the best without the obvious Cg
10,a masterpiece without words There can be no more masterpieces than this
10,I watched it more than 10 times.
8,I've been downloading it lately, and I remember being quite scared when I was young, but the story is simple compared to the movies these days because it was 91 years old.I understand if it's 93 or 97 or 8 years old, but it's 91 years old. It's not an exaggeration to say that all movies came out in the 90s
10,Why don't we have 100 points?
10,Arnold and Terminator 2.A masterpiece of a masterpiece...It's the best
10,The best movie! Scenario video! There's nowhere to be found
10,In the past, present, and future, it must be the best movie in my head. Not only the content but also the ending and OST are all perfect movies.
10,It's legendary
9,Who's going to insult this masterpiece?
10,I happened to see you again today.It's so funny every time I see it.I paused while changing channels before I went to bed.I've lost track of time.4:30 in the morning... I have to go to work.Haha
10,My favorite movie when I was young...I can't get enough of masterpieces
10,No words needed... Best...I can't get enough of it
10,It's from 1991, but it's not awkward even now. It's even more amazing than the current one
10,Good, good. A masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,I still remember the last moment
10,I was in 8th grade when it was released and I watched it alone.How I cried in the last scene ㅠㅠ
10,The best movie of my life.
10,The most impressive work in the Terminator 1 series, the machine that slaughtered people can't be human, but perhaps the most human-like, touching, gag codes, action, actors' acting and directing are timeless masterpieces
10,Even critics don't dare to criticize it. Like Titanic, it's a movie that foreign critics praise as impeccable, but some Korean critics criticize it
10,It's a masterpiece that dominated an era with the genre of SF. I don't think it's going to come out this far...
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,Isn't it the greatest masterpiece of human cinema?
10,You should give 100 points out of 10 It's an immortal masterpiece, Masterpiece
10,How many times have I seen the best movie in my life?My memory
10,It's still fun to watch and watch the legendary SF movie science fiction.
10,Legend Of Legend
10,The only masterpiece that can deal with Lee Dong-joon's Clementine.
9,"Question and answer dance..."
10,Lastly, I like the shape of my hand.
10,I love this movie. 10 letters
10,9.4? Are you kidding me? It should be at least 9.8 or higher
10,The best movie of my life
10,How can a movie like this be a masterpiece in this era?
10,It's a pity that I didn't see this movie in the theater.ㅠㅠ If you could release it again, I would love to see it again in the theater.
10,I think it'll be the best movie of my life
10,굿 베스트 123
10,It's overwhelming. The new world of robots
10,I saw it when I was in the fifth grade of elementary school, but I still can't forget the shock. Will a masterpiece with this kind of story and action come out even if time passes? The greatest legend of all, Terminator 2!
10,It's not a movie to rate recklessly.
10,A movie for real tough guys...
7,"I'll be back, thumbs up!
10,I shouldn't have changed the ending.
10,The best movie of all genres!
10,James Cameron's best science fiction action movie...  That's Alien 2
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's a fresh movie. It's over perfection in every way
10,Wow, if you don't watch this, I'm going to kill you
10,How dare you judge this movie in existing language.It is arrogance.
10,뉴 제네시스
10,진짜다.!!
10,It's not a movie that the public or critics will grade. a film of all time without likes or dislikes
10,It's always the best work!
10,I took off the sound and cried while wearing my underwear
10,It's amazing! All the scenes...
9,I saw the older version of the T1000 in Foxmead Scorpion. How old is this movie?
10,The word "masterpiece" isn't a waste. It's the best masterpiece that's not childish
9,As expected, Terminator! I'll see you again even if it comes out again
9,I can't deny that it's a masterpiece, but I can't believe it has such a high rating
10,It could be boring to watch, but it's a legendary movie that you want to watch because it gives you goosebumps
10,Is this possible? Legend
10,Even if you watch it in 2017, it's not tacky at all. What's more shocking is that this movie was made in 1991. When I was a kid, I went to a video store and asked to borrow this.
10,The best movie of my life.  James Cameron made a movie that humans cannot make.
10,Do you need words or words?
10,The most memorable movie I watched when I was young. Then I became a fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger Hah!
10,It's a movie that gives me goosebumps every time I watch it!
10,It's a legendary masterpiece!
10,I acknowledge that it's a masterpiece crying
10,Frankly speaking, moving movies are more advantageous to get a rating, but Terminator 2 is an action movie
10,The greatest masterpiece. The greatest masterpiece
10,The movie that made the thumbs up icon for those who are now
10,Arnold, you're so cool! I watched it when I was young, but I really enjoyed it
1,It's an old-fashioned movie.
10,I remember my uncle, who was watching the video, was surprised and asked me where I got this
10,The person who doesn't give 10 points is the person who hasn't seen the movie
10,It's a masterpiece of action.
10,It's a bummer to get a 9.9 rating, but it's 9.3 because of the attention seekers. Sven Shawshank Escape, Lord of the Rings, Terminator 1 point, and you're sleepy, and you're giving the best mangled Pacific Rim, Horde, Cheonan project 10 points. What are you doing?
10,A movie that just doesn't need words.
10,It's the best movie in my life that doesn't get boring even if I watch it 10 times
10,A masterpiece should be treated as a masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,the only film far superior to the first
1,I fell asleep three seconds before the movie started. A very sleepy movie
10,It's a movie that's sad that I couldn't watch it in the theater because I was so young
10,One of the few movies I still remember that I watched with my dad when I was young
10,I watched it every time it was played on TV.The best movie of my life, other action movies are not attractive, but this movie magically attracted my heart.
10,Respect for the director. Human heritage
10,The movie of countless people's lives!
10,I don't need to say much. My favorite movie
10,If it were released now, it would break the avatar record.
10,That's great. The Terminator shock I saw when I was a kid. Top
10,The word impact exists for this movieThe moment I watched this movie as a child, I was hit by a nucleus in my heart
10,A movie that suddenly came to mind at night.My standard was always Matrix, but on second thought, I can't take out Ter2 because I saw it on a small 18-inch cathode ray tube TV when I was young... haha... I have to reboot it and come out because it's Arnold... -_-
10,I didn't get an average of 10 points because of the guy who gave me 9 points. How can I get 1 point for cutting a few meaningless scenes?
10,A masterpiece. A masterpiece. A legendary masterpiece
1,A common action movie. Overrated.
10,It's the best. It's a really well-made movie~~
10,an unprecedented masterpiece It's so much fun even now.
10,When I was in elementary school, I remember watching it with my friend and crying in the last scene.lol
10,I was born in 1982. I haven't felt the emotions that pour out while watching this movie for the first time in other movies yet.
9,Arnold Schwarzenegger's nudity as a child, his shotgun, motorcycle and p1000's crazy running motion still linger in the afterimage.  I will back. The terminator that disappeared. But his appearance will never be forgotten.
9,I wonder when I'll get sick of movies that are always fun
10,A masterpiece is a word used to refer to a movie like this
10,Why James Cameron can fight Steven Spielberg
10,It's a legend from 1991
10,No matter how many times I see it, it's the same. What do I need
10,I've seen Terminator so many times since I was a kid.I know everything, but I'm not tired of itL
10,I was scared of bad robots when I was young
10,Designate the modifier as a meaningless relic of the film industry.
10,It's a masterpiece! It's my favorite movie!
10,I'm so proud that it's the best movie ever
10,If someone asks me about the best movie of my life, I'll say Terminator 2 without hesitation.
10,The best SF action movie ever.
10,It is the first movie that I cried after watching. ㅠㅠT
10,Best movie that made water fall from my eyes as the best masterpiece of my life OO award macho man There is still one reason to be alive if you didn't watch this movie.
10,As expected, I have to watch old movies.
10,Thank you. Again and again
10,There are some scenes edited after remastering in HD quality. But the best value remains the same.
10,It's sad and beautiful ㅠㅠㅠㅠ If you don't watch it, you'll regret it ㅠㅠ
10,The number one action movie in my heart. The 1.5th is Mad Max's Black & Chrome version. The 2nd is Mad Max
10,I think I've seen it like 50 times so far. The best t2 I've ever seen is a revolution...
10,내 최고의 터미네이터
10,When I was in 6th grade, I was shocked when I watched a movie
1,One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine
10,a masterpiece ahead of its time
10,Such movies should be taught in textbooks with Da Vinci Picasso.
10,The characters' personalities and actions are all the best!
9,I don't need words for the best sf movie of the time
10,If you look at 1 now, CG is really awkward... LOL 2 is a CG that's okay to watch now and the story is really good... If it was the director's ending, it would've been a masterpiece
10,the greatest masterpiece of all time
10,I was immersed in the movie until the end.
10,I was born in the 90s, so it's a shame that I didn't see it when it was first released
10,The scene where you pass through the metal bars was a ridiculous graphic technique at the time
10,a textbook for science fiction movies Let's worship!
10,What words are needed. It's the only movie I can give 10 points to
10,I was really scared of liquid metal humans when I was young
10,In 1991, a movie like this was definitely Cameron
10,James Cameron, I respect you
10,It's James Cameron's best work
10,On the first day of its release, Sarah Connor and Arnold meet without any prior information, and Sarah Connor and the audience shudder
10,This movie deserves to be called a legend!A must-see masterpiece if you want a fantastic collaboration of action and emotion!
10,People who can't speak English when they meet foreigners around them know what movie "I will be back" is from. Aren't you done talking?
10,Immortal legend. Shivers and tears just thinking about it.
10,Don't raise an objection.
10,The most interesting movie in history...Will this be enough?
10,I don't think there will be any sf beyond this movie.
10,Terminator 2...
10,Will there be a movie that surpasses this movie in this century?
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,I think I've seen it more than 100 times
10,It is a legend of SF that boldly broke the conventional wisdom that it is difficult to pass through the previous series.
10,I still can't forget the movie I felt when I was in elementary school
10,I think it is a very well made movie... http://cafe.naver.com/grayd0tbe/846
10,As expected, Terminator 2 is at the theater
8,I think it's something a man wanted to be or see with his eyes
5,The visual beauty is unfortunate, but it's hard
10,What do I need to say?
10,"I hate you for giving me 10 points." "Story" and "Special Effects" that are amazing even now, must watch, and a movie that you want to show when you meet an alien in the future
10,There will never be a better movie than this one
10,The Bible of science fiction movies that are perfect for worldview, special effects, and characters
10,There will never be a movie that surpasses
10,Will I ever see a movie like this again?
10,The best movie of my life I've ever seen.
10,The T-800 was amazing, the T-1000 was amazing, the shot gun was amazing, the motorcycle scene was amazing, the mini-gun was amazing, the furnace was amazing, the grenade launcher was amazing, the cogwheel was amazing, and the thumb was amazing. I think everything was perfect from start to finish.
10,Culture! Legendary!
10,This is a masterpiece
10,I haven't seen a more interesting movie than this for 25 years.  The closest are Alien 2, Die Hard 1, and Hero 1.  What? They're all movies from 20 years ago.
10,This movie is really great, it's fun.
5,The trivial story was bound to be embellished as a raucous spectacle. The same narration that treats the audience as a child also reveals the director's inexperience. The final scene into the furnace became a masterpiece for John Connor by creating a dilemma on the personal and super-personal levels.
10,It's one of the best movies of my life
10,A movie that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,No words needed. It's a masterpiece of the times.
10,A masterpiece that is impeccable both in storytelling and action.
10,If I had to choose a masterpiece of the century, I would have to choose a masterpiece that's nominated
10,If there's a program that can erase memories, please erase the memories of Terminator 2 Even if it's released in 2016, it'll be over 10 million
1,Trash, trash, trash
10,The movie made me realize that "Human Emotions While Watching a Movie" can reach this much.       It's a human heritage
10,This is what "movie" is like.
10,A masterpiece that will remain in the history of science fiction.
10,Shouldn't you be over 9.90? I save it on Naver Cloud and play it on my phone when I get bored.
10,I'll be back! Thumbs up! Tada! Tada! Tada! Tada! 1.2 is a masterpiece...
10,It was the best movie I've ever seen ㅠㅠ
10,Would it look too insincere if I wrote "No need for words"? I'll fix it when I think of it later.
10,When I was a kid, I was thrilled and moved by Terminator 2.Now 40 lines, but none of the movies these days have ever made me feel that way.Academy Award for Best Picture Myass
10,I Will Be Back is cool.
10,James Cameron! What more do you need?
10,26 years ago, when I was a freshman in high school, I watched a movie in the theater.If you still have feelings and feelings from that time, is it exaggeration?
10,I think I watched it 100 times because I recorded it on video when I was young And I watched it again today, when I was an adult. I watched it again because of the video. It feels different when I get older. It's a masterpiece that's forever in my heart
10,The movie I watched when I was young. For me, it's more than fun. Was it a shock?
10,There can be no sequel more than this. But you're ruining your reputation from the third.
10,When I was in 8th grade, there was no theater in the countryside, so I borrowed it through video. As soon as the movie started, my soul was already captured. It was a small screen, but the movie was so grand, so shocking, and it still shook my mind today.I'm going to leave a comment.
10,an immortal masterpiece that can't come out again
10,It's a movie of my life that I can't get enough of even if I watch it a hundred times
9,The best science fiction film ever produced by man
10,Godfather 2, Alien 2, and Terminator 2
10,The best movie of my life. bbbb
10,The Titanic cries for men, too.
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,There's no need for words.The best movie of all time
10,This movie is a legend.
10,I want to watch a movie againHave a nice day
8,There's a second part that's more fun than the first one!
10,a truly motherless film
10,Best! I can't find less than 10 points in the comments.
10,I think I've seen him like 30 times since I was in elementary school.Top
10,ㅠㅠ Masterpiece, as if I see it once a year
10,There's a real name for it
10,The Terminator series ended in 2.
10,The sequel is one of the few masterpieces that surpasses the previous one.
10,The scene where you pass through the metal bars and get a pistol caught
10,The movie that I watched when I was young ㅜㅜ
10,James Godmelon, the best scene maker
10,The best, the best, the best! I watched this movie in my 20s and talked about it with my friend on my way home That's the best fun ^^
10,one of the highest levels of technological aesthetics that a film can reach
9,The bible of cyborg movies that left a lot of great scenes.
10,A work that gives a definition of what classical music is!
10,My age is 40...When I was in 8th grade, I watched T2 in the theater and couldn't sleep for several days. At the time, it was a movie like a revolution. It was a time when I thought that I was very rich if I had a computer at home.
10,Terminator 2 is like a jewel as time goes by.I can't put it into words. Hmm...I just want to erase the memory of Terminator 2 and watch it again.
10,Tominators 1 and 2 are the most artistic
1,Hmm. Making...This isn't it
10,Representative luxury works, heritage, and history that express the emotions of mankind.
10,Immortal masterpiece... I'm sick of the last scene
10,a fairly well-made film
1,Now that I see it, it's not good.
10,My favorite movie, Arnold Schwarzenegger...I love you and respect you...
10,Best. This is a masterpiece
10,Synth of Institute.
6,Alarm 이ㄹ3312
10,The first movie is a hit, but the second one is a hit. Best work in the Terminator series. a masterpiece of an action film
10,The best movie is about Terminator 2.
10,This is a true cosmic masterpiece. Film directors these days should reflect on themselves!
10,I envy those who haven't seen it yet.
10,....~~~~^^ Of course you should give me 10 points
10,When the Internet was not as advanced as it is these days, I watched T1 and went to T2 theater, and I thought Arnold would come out as a bad Kerik at the time, but there was a twist like this.After this movie, I'm not impressed even if I watch a twist movie.  I'm so shocked.
10,It was the best movie of my life. Terminator, I love you
10,I know why the movie "Terminator" is called "Terminator"
10,If I have to say so...
10,It's the best even if I watch it again... I'll watch it again if I do
10,The best! The best! The best! The best!
10,Not only the visual effects, but also the screenplay is amazing
10,The best blockbuster I've ever seen. Both entertaining and cinematic qualities are perfect.
10,The Bible of SF movies When I was young, I would never forget the surprise and horror of watching T1000
10,I've seen it dozens of times, but every time I see it, it's
10,The best action SF movie of my life.
10,God-minator is the best!
10,It's a pity that I didn't see the first episode in the theater.You were too young ㅜㅜ
10,Eighties Alien290s Terminator2 is a job. The only thing that's new is the Matrix.yes
10,Invincible to the East, Lim Chung Ha! Alien Sigourney Weaver! Terminator Linda Hamilton... Forever sisters ^^
10,The best movie of my life. Music, acting, directing, and immersion. Everything is perfect
10,The beginning of the legend, I will be back!
10,The best science fiction that doesn't need words. Even a blind manoeuvre falls short of this movie
10,It's the best movie in human history. It's based on all the action movies. It's a touching movie. It's a really lingering movie
10,As expected, "2" is a masterpiece! Good!
10,The movie itself is great, but personally, it was more amazing that most of the scenes were produced by hand. I want to give a round of applause to the people who made this amazing thing.
10,Without this movie, there would be no Cameron The best SF movie of all time, excellent video that is not awkward even now, as well as the directing ability to lead without boring even for a minute, and the imagination that created the world view of Terminator...Should I say that it's a wonder? One of the top 3 movies I've ever seen
10,Great movie. It is faithful to the original role and function of the movie 'The Fun of Watching'.
1,I can't believe I've seen it on the East and West thought assignment -_-
10,This is how the sequel should be made
10,Terminator 2? It was the best movie I know ^^
10,It's really well made. A million times better than the clumsy movies these days.
10,One of the things humans should do in the future is to send Terminator to the past so that they can't make 3, 4, 5 movies and remember only the legends 1 and 2.
1,I honestly didn't have much fun. I don't think I'll be able to reach the level of T2 deification. But this movie that I felt was just the beginning of the blockbusters of Iron Man, Transformers, etc
10,It was made in 1991 but will continue to be a great masterpiece after centuries.
10,It's been 25 years since this movie came out, but the action and CG don't look bad at all. How shocking would it have been to the people who saw it at the time...
10,I think this movie is the best legend with everything ♡
10,The cold T-850 heated my heart.
10,Arnold is the best terminator.
10,I need words...! It's so much fun. Watch it before you die
8,How did the audience feel at the movie theater at that time? The robot's thumb and magnificent OST that goes into the fire pit. I'm also touched by the splendid and shiny effects of the 21st century, and I'm sure people at that time felt several times more thrilled, I envy you.
10,It's one of the things that I believe will never come out in my life that will capture two moving action rabbits this perfectly
10,James Cameron, this man is not a human being, and I have never seen an SF movie that surpasses Alien 2 and T2.
8,A masterpiece! I have nothing more to say. The best graphics, directing, and acting of the time-slip sf-robot time-slip movie
10,It was so much fun. This is a movie.
10,This is the best This is a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life! A masterpiece of the century! A masterpiece of the century! The best action SF movie ever!!! The greatest masterpiece that will remain a legend forever! A solid story, incredible action! The essence of a breathless action movie! Arnold's best work, Terminator 2!
10,I can't believe it was made in 1991
10,Remember, all the kids who gave me low grades are either schoolworms or girls
10,It's a masterpiece, but I'm scared of nuclear bombs
10,I miss those days.
10,I've seen it eight times in theaters at the time. There has never been such a moving and shocking movie. It's just the best! When someone asks me about the best movie, it's always the first.
10,Wow, it's my first time writing a rating. I didn't write a rating even after watching "The Dark Knight Titanic." It really came out 20 years ago?Wow, I didn't see it at the movie theater, but I am thankful that I watched this movie in my life.
10,I can't believe I just saw this.
10,It is questionable whether there will be an SF movie that surpasses this movie, which was released 25 years ago in 1991. I pay tribute to James Cameron.
10,When I was young, I rented a video with my mom and sister and cried for the first time.
10,I watched it again because of AlphaGo. It's been over 20 years, but it's not awkward at all and it's not superfluous. James Cameron is a real genius.
9,What if they don't know how to watch a movie?
10,91... I was surprised then, but I'm still surprised now.
10,Howling... I acknowledge that it's a masterpiece
10,The last scene is coming back
10,T-1000 is a good move
10,I can see why you're crying. Only humans can spill it.
10,기억하세요. 알파고 이즈 스카이넷
10,AlphaGo's Proof of the Movie
1,It's been a while since I slept while watching a movie
10,If Cameron finishes this series...
10,Terminator 12 doesn't really need words
10,If I were a skiinette, I would have sent a machine to protect Cyberdyne and Dyson rather than remove John Connor. Removing John Connor would make Skynet impossible to exist if Sarah and someone else got rid of the company and Dyson???
10,Best masterpiece. There's no more Terminator.
10,Will a movie like this come out again before I die?I pay tribute to James Cameron
10,It is the best movie on earth.Why can't we make a movie this big in this day and age?
10,Terminator 2 is not just saying that it's the best. Watch for yourself from 1 to 2.
10,You must see thisI need to learn Korean movies
10,The most crazy movie in the world is love even if you watch it a million times.
10,Wow, it's so much fun It's fun to watch it again
10,He pays for his name, actor, and director. Even if you raise your expectations, you will never be disappointed.
10,It's the best movie. My movie ranking is forever No.1
10,The best action production of all time.
10,It was fun. It doesn't feel like an old movie
10,The number one movie I've ever seen. It's a renamented from the bottom of my heart. Different scale. Different class from OST
1,First place is acknowledged, acknowledged Jiniyiyiyi
10,This is what a masterpiece is
10,I can't believe this was a movie 20 years ago. Everything is perfect and sophisticated. It's a masterpiece! I'm glad I saw you now. :)
10,Really, the best movie ^^
10,The greatest treasure in the history of movies...
10,I still remember when I was young and cheap
10,So long, baby.
1,Emotions because it's cheating. That's one point. It's such a masterpiece
10,You're the best! Arnold is the best!
10,It's not a movie. It's art
10,The best hahaha sometimes I don't get sick of it.
9,인간적인 기술에 대한 기대, 잔인한 기술에 대한 두려움
10,Something that will remain in the history of movies...
10,I had no choice but to drag it out in the last scene Holy Father Arnold of Koganji...
10,It's the only movie that found me screaming and admiring even though it's a technology that's not as good as it is now!lol
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 10 times or 100 times! I confidently recommend it to those who are tired of cheap Korean movies!
1,It's fun. But the ratings aren't right
10,First place is Terminator, not Shawshank Escape Guys.
10,God movie, God masterpiece. God, God, God, God, God
10,I was panicking for a few days after watching this movie
10,Who gives you a point for not being funny?
9,A movie that's good to watch again
10,The movie was really interesting.
1,That's too much. 8 is good enough
10,It was so much fun and I was moved
10,You have to watch the first story, the second visual, and the first one first. Then you can see the greatness of Part 2.
10,The best masterpiece that will shine on the path of SF movie history! Special effects?Sound effects? Scenarios, etc. It shows an overwhelming side that transcends the century in every way
10,The best action movie ever!
10,If there's no reason, it's just a masterpiece
10,Artificial Intelligence, a movie that made you believe in time travel
10,Wow, there's no need for wordsshivering
10,This movie is amazing. My cousins, 9 or 12 years old, came to play and teased my dog, so I said they'd play the movie, and my mouth was wide open, and I couldn't breathe. After spring, I drew my hands tightly when I described the last scene
10,I'm going to give you 10 points.
10,I can't believe it was a movie from the '90s
9,The movie from September 2nd to 24th.Nevertheless, there is little room for technology and script.Start without telling me who's the bad guy, tension good when two terminators meet.I don't quite understand Sarah Connor, poor Miles who dies when he hasn't done it and is more violent than necessary, but great.When Terminator disappears from lava, the best part of the movie is the thrill
10,How can it be so funny? Time goes by and it's not tacky at all.Real life movie ㅠㅠ
1,Why are you sucking and jacking? I really don't understand
10,Just shut up. It's a masterpiece
10,The greatest action movie of all time, and the most legendary masterpiece
10,Term 2, which once ended, is always fun to watch.
10,How long have you been waiting for the poster?It's a great movie
1,Well, Korean movies are the best
10,the greatest postwar masterpiece of his time
10,There is no need for words.
10,I remember it was the best movie ever
10,One point from the work of the century
10,Say it! It's the best masterpiece
10,It's the best. I don't need words
10,다시 올게요 b
10,I think I've seen it more than 20 times.  No more words needed
1,Are you kidding me?
9,This movie is called a masterpiece. It's fun no matter how many times you watch it
10,Sf movies are like this.
10,It was a really shocking movie.
10,Legendary beginning, the ultimate SF king
1,I have nothing to say~~~
10,Can you give me 100 points?^^
10,The ancestor and legacy of SF movies
10,The best sequel! Action movie Bible!
10,No need for words, no need for words, no need for words, no need for words, no need for words, no need for words
10,OCN does this often. Why? Is it fun every time you see it? I really think this is a movie LOL
10,Arnold's pose is always shaking.crying
10,It's really a masterpiece even if I look at it's a masterpiece
10,I will back... the best movie...
10,다녀올게
10,the greatest masterpiece of 20th century science fiction
9,I don't know what the screen will look like these days, but at that time, it was a very realistic video and an amazing material.
10,I ended up watching the whole series as soon as I saw it
10,It's the greatest masterpiece of mankind, and it's over with one shot.
10,It's the best movie ever!
10,I wish you a long life, Arnold
10,I remember being shocked when I was young
1,Let's lower it a bit. It's not number one
5,Memories buff. Just an entertainment movie.
10,It's not on my favorite movie list. This isn't a movie.
10,The perfume that I've been working on since I was young
9,다녀올게.
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's a movie that feels bad even if you give me 10 points
10,You can see how the release of Terminator 2 affected Hollywood SF action by searching a little. Twentieth century sf movies are divided into two categories: before and after the release of Terminator 2.
10,Even though I saw it once in elementary school, I understood the story and remembered it because it was a masterpiece, right?
10,The masterpiece of the century with "Back to the Future" series
10,It's a movie that doesn't need words.
10,Movie that I enjoyed when I was young ^^
10,Do you need to say 10 points?
10,Best cast of Arnold's heyday
10,It is deplorable that there are only ten stars
10,I can't forget the tremor when I come out of the theater.
10,Terminator 1 and 2. Don't mess with Terminator
10,I think it's the best movie in the Terminator series
10,A movie from '91. I don't need any more explanation. T-1000 is the best creation.
10,Funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny
10,a masterpiece of unparalleled masterpieces
10,God's Movie Made by God of Directors
10,The director James Cameron is really great.
10,It's the best masterpiece that made me feel realistic. It's a movie that's always fun and never gets tired of watching it many times. It's the best!
10,Terminator 2 should be classified as an objective criterion to evaluate all future movies of the same genre. The problem is that there is no movie that can overcome this standard.
10,It's a masterpiece beyond the times.
10,James Cameron he is a genius
10,At the height of the tension, the music is so scary
10,It's always in my heart
10,I made you log in. Legend of the movie industry! Masterpiece of masterpieces!
10,I'll give you 10 points. 10 characters
10,The combination of Arnold Schwarzenegger, Robert Patrick, and Linda Hamilton is the best!
10,It is one of the few works that I was able to enjoy the lingering feeling of the ending for a while as I fell into a state of loyalty and wonder beyond the emotion of the ending moment. If you search for this movie, you won't regret watching it, so I recommend you to watch it below zero.  It's a masterpiece that can be seen twice and three times.
10,I logged in to give you 10 points.
9,In a word, thumbs up!> 0 <
1,No, don't play. It's not Il-something
10,After watching Genesis, I'm sure that the second movie is a masterpiece
10,If Lord of the Rings is the most perfect fantasy, Terminator 2 and Alien 2 are one of the most perfect SFs
10,The best movie ever 12345
10,The best SF masterpiece of the time where you can feel the beauty of the 1980s and 90s.
10,No words needed. Best movie ever
10,If God grants me my wish, I want to go back to when Terminator 2 was released in 1991 and watch it again with the first feeling.
10,Mythical movie~ Terminator should have ended here.
8,..I don't really know. So I don't know
10,There is no robot movie to follow Terminator 2.
10,The movie that comes to mind more after watching Terminator 5
10,It must be a masterpiece...
10,What kind of fun do the people who gave this movie a point watch?
10,There is no need for words. You're the best!
10,The highest dignity... no words needed
10,There's no need for words. Even the wind is shaking
10,I don't feel repulsed. It's old
10,This cured my cancer.
10,Because of this movie, I can't give 10 points to other movies
10,This is just a legend in the movie legend
10,The best movie I'll never forget... When Sarah Connor was in her prime
10,I can't believe a movie of this kind came out in this era
10,At this time, this level of directing is a revolution
10,I want to praise you for creating a real worldview
10,There's a reason why it's been released three times
10,I think it's the best in the Terminator series.
10,Terminator is a masterpiece
10,The turning point of SF movies. I skipped school and I was touched
10,It's like a movie that has reached the state of God without words
10,The movie that came out in 1991 is also active in theaters in 2015
10,Why are you sitting on the graphics in a movie that's been going on for almost years?
10,"'Break down ten million children in Anfield.
10,It's a masterpiece.  Should I say that this movie is like a Bible when I was in school?
1,Honestly, it's a lot of fun, but it's not enough to win first place in all movies. 1 point to get a rating
10,Terminator is a legend
10,It's better not to have a terminator after that. This is the peak.
10,It's a movie where you can see how important the director is
10,There will be no masterpieces beyond this movie in the future.
10,Ten stars exist for a movie like this
10,At this age, I watched Terminator series 2 from the beginning. This movie was incomparable to any movie.
10,It's a masterpiece
10,The only thing I can say is that it's the best in my life
10,I think it's the movie that I watched the most. I was a kid when it was released, so I was sad that I couldn't watch it at the theater.
10,A masterpiece that exclaims even after a long time
10,I didn't doze off the whole time. I was so focused
10,It's a masterpiece. The actors are so cool
1,He's below the Lord of the Lord of the Lord of the Rings
10,It's a weird movie that doesn't have a perfect score
10,Was it Cheonho-dong Theater that I saw at the same time?The intense video and shock that I saw in my adolescence is still vivid even after 24 years
10,The funniest movie in the world. That's it.
10,Let's go over 9.40.
10,It's amazing that we made this much out of DOS in the early '90s. The works that I couldn't even think of as graphics at the time... People who curse and people who are young.It's a big game.This is a real legend
10,I watched Terminator Genesis again because I was disappointed. This is definitely Terminator
8,t-1000 is really creepy.
10,the greatest work of all time I don't need another word.
10,다녀올게
10,You sat on this movie talking legend-- this is a myth
10,A movie to watch even if the ticket is 100,000 won
10,There are no more movies. It's the best
10,As expected, Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,the most perfect film ever to rule a movie in the world
10,This movie is a great treasure.  I want to worship.
10,Cameron's author is crazy in a word. How can you make a piece like this? a questionable writer
1,I like Leon more...
1,Honestly, I don't think we won first place
8,It's actually a work that completes the Terminator series. The series that will follow will all be connected to this work. Even though it's almost 20 years old.
1,Well, I understand Terminator 2 is a masterpiece, but I don't admit it's number one
10,This is legendary. I think I've seen it dozens of times.
10,I watched it again recently. It's a masterpiece
10,If you do it up to 2, it's a really good movie. (It's fun at 3 degrees.)
10,The best movie of my life. I saw this in the movie theater
10,It was amazing and amazing to know that this great work was made in 1991. I don't think I'll be able to see this painting until I die.
10,When she disappears into the lava...I remember watching the video that I recorded when I was young
10,As expected, as expected. You're the best
10,Legend... It's a renaming.
9,It was fun. I think Terminator is fun up to here
10,Filmmakers who are concerned that SF movies are not really developing in the future world sent James Cameroon, the legend of SF movies, to the past.I just can't believe it was a 1991 film. I feel like I'm from the future
10,If you're an elementary school kid, don't look at the 1991 movie
7,I think it was a normal movie
10,I don't think this kind of movie will ever come out again
10,10 out of 10! 10 out of 10
10,Arnold showed real robot performance, not bad acting
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,Thumbs up! I thought I saw it because it was famousI watched it at the Gazanesis theater and I was like, "Huh?" These days, they've been doing it on TV. It's been a long time since I watched it. How can the graphics be like this? cool
10,It's a movie that I bought tickets after going around the theater twice in Busan. The feeling and excitement of that time can't stop even when I look at it again. Who would say this movie was from the 90s. A perfect encounter with a masterpiece story, a great actor, and James Cameroon is the legend of SF movies.
10,I can't believe this is a movie from 25 years ago. Wow, I was amazed
10,This doesn't need words. There are no shortcomings. Why Terminator is so much better than Avengers released in 2015 and Terminator released in 1991
10,Let's compare this movie 20 years later with seven lights that came out just a few years ago
10,12 out of 10...
10,It was the greatest work of my lifeCan this kind of work be made again?
10,The unforgettable movie Terminator that I saw in 2 of the best movies of all time, I remember all the contents of each series
10,In 1991, when the abacus, typewriter, and computer were used in 8-bit (black and white), it was a movie that shocked me even with the content and story of the movie and the directing scene.
10,Terminator 2, which I watched again in 2015, is a masterpiece
10,I watched it three or four times because they played it on TV during the exam period. It's fun even if you watch it ten times.
10,I cried... At the end...
10,It's a movie that's way ahead of its time. Even if I watch it now, it is more interesting than the movies these days.
10,I've watched the first and second episodes dozens of times and I have kept them, but personally, I'm disappointed in the third, fourth, and fifth episodes, so I think I had to finish them in the second one.
10,The best movie of all!!!! The best imagination!
10,I didn't know my GPA was this high
10,The culmination of the series, the peak, the completion of the legend. I can't believe it's going to be as good as Terminator 2. Please look at this before you look at Zenith. Of course, after watching the first episode. If possible, watch the theater version first. The director's version is a bit loose.
10,I don't need to say anything.
10,Even though I watched it 50 times, James Cameron's best movie is Terminator 2, not Avatar
10,a work that has become the textbook of a post-Star Wars film
10,I was lucky to watch this movie late! It's a masterpiece!
10,A masterpiece that I want to see again and again
10,It comes out at the end of the movie even if I don't express it. Thumbs up, I don't think I'll ever be left out of five fingers until I die
8,A masterpiece that showed that 2 can be more fun than 1
10,There's a reason why it's being re-released
10,I'll see you in 10 years^^
10,John Connor was handsome and Terminator was cool.
10,My favorite movie
10,gut, exorcism
10,There are a lot of great movies from the 90s
9,I admit it's a legend, but it's not to the point where it topped the movie rankings
10,This is a masterpiece!$
10,If this is not out of 10, which movie is 10?
10,It was so much fun that I watched while shaking my legs.
10,Terminator 2 is the first movie that made me know and like Seo Arnold
10,You're asking me to give you a review. How? It's just the truth
10,What kind of girl lost one point? 9.88 It's annoying. Delete it is a request.
10,Netizens with low ratings are abnormal!
10,Needless to say, the legend
10,Watch it when you have a chance. And don't forget to keep it on DVD
2,No fun tone, no fun, no fun, no fun
1,I don't understand... I think it's just childish
10,What do you need to say?
10,It was recently screened on EBS, and 25 years after it was made, it's still a masterpiece
8,It's a masterpiece with a lot of impact and a lot of great scenes
9,I'll give you 9 points for the overall score.
10,I really enjoyed it without boredom.I think it's a masterpiece
7,He said there's no other movie like 10, but he's a little less immersed than his previous one The material seems to have become richer
8,James Cameron 1991
10,A good movie to watch 100 years later
10,It says Terminator, and it reads Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,Best movie. Do you need up to 10 words...
10,Why isn't it 10 points?
10,The reason why I still can't throw away LD player. It's because I have a fancy luxury T2LD from the case. One of the luxury goods that I don't get tired of seeing over 50 times
10,The best movie of my life is new and touching every time I watch it
10,End of Terminator Series
10,a film that will go down in human history
10,HAHALOL is the best
10,It's not worth getting 100 stars
10,A masterpiece. It's fun to watch again
10,다녀올게
10,It's fun! It's sad to see Terminator getting old ㅜㅜ
10,No need for words. This is the best movie ever
10,What's the fun thing about watching it so many times?
10,The reason why this is a masterpiece is because the simplest reason is that it can happen in the future, so it needs to be enlightened
9,The best science fiction thriller. That's it for the real Terminator. The sanest decision in this insane world. Termination & Self-termination.
10,The Terminator 2 that I borrowed for 2,000 won when I went to my old video store ㅜㅜ It's still vivid
10,What do you need to say, Cameroon's greatest masterpiece, SF's greatest masterpiece!
10,A masterpiece that fits the word perfection
9,Even if you look at it again, the shock of the time remains. It is the best work in the Terminator series, and I can feel the power of James Cameron.
10,The best movie of my life. A movie that can't be played again
10,One of the top 5 movies in my life is SF and action movies
10,Of course, 10 points for T2...
9,When a man with a state-of-the-art sense who is ahead of his time meets capital, such as this. The Terminator is entirely James Cameron's and that's why the board denied Judgement Day and ended the series.
10,I can't believe it's from the '90s
10,I've seen it more than 5 times Brother Arnold...
10,One of the few movies in a series that goes beyond the original.
10,So far, no film has surpassed this one.
9,a film that doesn't disappoint
10,I really enjoyed the movie. The furnace... ㅠ_ㅠ
10,the beginning of a legend
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words~~ It's totally shocking between liquids
10,They said it was a masterpiece, so I watched it. It was really a masterpiece. Thumbs up ㅠㅠ
10,It's, like, really no need for words. It's a masterpiece!
10,Terminator 2 is fun^^
10,This is the real deal!
10,Movies are about making the future
10,Of the best terminator series in SF, the second one is definitely the best.
10,a sequel as good as the previous one a still masterpiece
9,It's fun. But it's not 1st place
10,Is there another bluff to find fault with this work? If it's released again, you'll see it again
10,Arnold's unique awkward line processing played a rather huge role. Like a real robot. The cast of this movie is a great luck for both the movie and the actor.
10,Terminator 2 is the best work ever!
10,The Terminator is Arnold Schwarzenegger
9,As expected, the best that doesn't need words! It wasn't the director's version that got one point off.It's a shame that the scenes were cut because of the running time. But it's 100 times better than the Korean version that was released in the past
10,Terminator 2 is a masterpiece that will be remembered forever
10,Good, best, best.
10,The best movie in SF
10,As expected, it's a masterpiece.It's a lot of fun
10,What words do I need?The shock of the day I watched it until the video tape got longer
10,Terminator Score 9.4 Over Project
10,For the first time, I give stars.I got interested in Terminator Genesis.I remember watching both Terminator 1 and 2 on TV when I was in elementary school. The machines were scary. But now that I see them...I know why it's a masterpieceㅠㅠI'm a person who doesn't like SF, but I'm crying. Arnold is so cool
10,A movie that lacks 10 points is a masterpiece that I can't believe it was made 25 years ago
10,Let's be thankful that there's a movie like this
10,See you!
10,It's fun. It's crazy
10,As expected, it's fun. This is recommended. ^^
10,As expected, it's fun. This is recommended. ^^
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece.
10,I cried again in the last scene. It's been a long time since I cried after watching a movie;;
10,A movie 24 years ago is unbelievably perfect even now.
10,I wonder if there will be more movies like this
10,Can't we make it again...? It's going to be awesome if you make it as it is with the graphic... That's too bad... You should have come out these days.ㅠㅠ A masterpiece out of all masterpieces!
10,It's new even though we're seeing each other for two days in a row?Do you miss it?
10,The best movie of my life!
10,What a masterpiece!
10,It's the best movie of my life over Star Wars
10,the greatest masterpiece in the history of mankind
10,Good... 12345678
8,OCN's Terminator 2, who made him regret watching the second movie without watching the first one.
10,Immortal masterpiece. Something like that
10,Don't talk about the movie industry except for this one
10,Best classic action movie. CG doesn't look awkward after all.
10,It's a masterpiece beyond the times
10,I watched 5 and reviews, and many people said 2 was a masterpiece.The number of stars is written on the side, so I won't write it separately
10,Wow, it's ridiculous that there aren't a lot of theaters that are re-opening.
10,Don't I have 11 points?I think it's 100 points.
10,I just realized that the famous scene was such a touching one. It's a masterpiece
10,The best movie I've seen over and over again!
10,I'm ashamed to watch this movie now.
10,Wow, I can't get enough of it. It's a masterpiece Terminator Siri is the best
10,I happened to watch it again in HD on cable.  It's just awesome.  I think I watched it five or six times in the past, but it's still fun to watch again.  I think I can put on all the other SF action movies even if it is re-released as if it were a new movie.
9,Is there a re-release place in Daegu?I watch it again in the theater and I leave it ㅜㅜ
10,When you use the word movie, you make a mistake without discussing this movie. It's a huge movie that brutally tramples on the handicap of a sequel.  It is a work that shows the end of the fun of movies.
10,This is a true masterpiece.
10,exciting development+ solid composition+ message+ touching = legend
7,I want to see a sequel that's not as good as I expected
10,There is really no need for words. The only action movie that sheds tears.
1,It's a movie I want to watch...  I guess it doesn't come on the weekend. Let me have your answer.
8,I watched this movie again
10,A movie that's not enough to contain all the compliments in the world
10,I can't forget Arnold's shot
10,The best movie of the No. 1st movie
8,Terminator 2: On Judgment Day, Terminator ended in the hands of James Cameron. The second episode ends with Sarah Connor's monologue, which saved mankind while looking at whether she was a granddaughter or a grandchild playing in the last playground, and Arnold's return, Lee Byung-hun's appearance scene in the third, among the third, fourth, and fifth episodes.Episode 6 preview?
10,If you don't need any modifier, you're the best
10,This is a masterpiece. It's good to watch again
10,There's no theater ㅠㅠ...
10,When I was in elementary school, I saw a movie for the first time in Terminator 2. Shocking. I'm sick and tired of watching it again.
10,I'm going to shed another tear
10,I watched T5 and watched T2, but no matter how much time passes and technology advances, T2 is the best!!!!
10,a trick that must be left unconditionally
10,No Terminator series has exceeded two episodes yet.
10,It's not a legend, it's a legendary masterpiece. It's the best movie of my life when I watched it with my father even after I was over 30.
10,The best movie of my life. The movie that made me a fan of Arnold. I'm going to watch this again. I'm already moved by tears. ㅜㅜ Make sure to watch it
8,Through its phenomenal technology, digital special effects, which had been used only in static scenes until then, were naturally used in action scenes. There is little point in the story in the sequel and the ending is excellent. However, compared to the legendary action sequences in the beginning, the actions in the second half are a little disappointing.
10,Even the baby biscuit
10,It's like an awesome movie. Arnold, cool
10,A movie that I can't forget even now. The tension that follows tenaciously...
10,(H) I've only just seen this famous thing in the Terminator series It's from 1991, but there's no awkwardness even when CG or video is released! Arnold oppa, there's a cute side to it, and there's no need to say action. Young John Connor is cute
10,There's no need for words. Especially Arnold's last words. I will be back!
10,I think the only villain at the time was the T1000 who chased the protagonist and the audience to death and put this much tension on them
1,Why did I give this movie a lot of ratings? I'm going to watch the suspicious movie, Geun 7
10,Strong screenplay, breathtaking thrills, action, comic growth, and everything
10,The best movie of my life...
10,I think it's the most memorable action movie I've ever seen.
10,The Terminator had to end with two.A true masterpiece!
10,Oh, my God. It's fun to watch it again. I can't get enough of Arnold. He's so cool♡
10,Umji in the furnace is the best scene ever
10,What's there to say? Thumbs up!
10,I remember having so much fun with my brother on my childhood videoNow that I see it, I don't feel awkward about the content or CG even after 20 yearsI used to carry around a bookcase because I fell in love with Edward Furlong's beauty, but now I see that Arnold is really coolEven a low-pitched voice
10,The best action movie! It's really great to make a movie like this in the early '90s
10,Of course, it's 10 points. The best movie of my life
10,I don't think there's going to be as great a thumbs up as this movie's ending until the last day of humanity
10,Masterpiece movies should continue to be a masterpiece series, but I think there are many unsatisfactory works because the expectations are higher as they come out later ㅠㅠ
10,Even after a long time, a movie that surpasses Terminator 2's stronghold has not yet.
10,"Anna-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
10,돌아올 것이다.
10,If you want to give a score other than perfect score, you need to see a doctor
10,The best masterpiece of the 90s. Will there be another masterpiece like this?
10,I was born in the year this movie was released. I saw Genesis for the first time. It's really fun. It's like this. I think it would have been amazing if I saw it in the theater in 1991.
10,In the summer of 1991, I waited in line for 3 hours at Lotte World Cinema in Jamsil to book this movie.
10,Content and composition creativity were the best in all aspects... James Cameron is lucky to live in his time. Alien 2, Abyss, Terminator, Titanic, Avatar... Masterpieces like jewels.I give you my compliments generously...
10,아주 좋다
9,How can a movie that was made 25 years ago be more like a story, imagination, and 100 years like a front election than a movie that was made now?
10,The best SF masterpiece ever! I have nothing more to say.
10,다시 올거에요.
10,I suddenly missed 2 after seeing Zenith recently
10,What do I need to say?
10,The current score is 3 to 0... a landslide victory for Terminator 2
10,A movie that you regret if you don't watch it before you die
10,The movie that I want to recommend to my children later is the best. It is disrespectful to explain further.
9,It's intense and intense. There's no action like this these days
10,I am so stupid to compare T2 after watching Mad Max... On second thought, Mad Max is no match I'm so sorry for T2 The best SF movie of my life, Terminator 2, how can I be in this movie? In the past, now, and in the future, this kind of movie will never come out again
10,After two, there will never be a sequel beyond the previous series.
10,It's amazing that it was a movie 24 years ago.
10,It is a movie that impressed me
10,It's been 20 years since I watched it again. I can't help but love the masterpiece that's being released
10,What do you need to say if you watched a movie?
10,It's been 20 years since I saw the movie, but I still remember it
10,10 points for Dyson who gasps before he dies
10,Dr. Dyson, you're acting like Mrs. Dyson. You're acting scared
10,A movie that touches my heart every time I see it
10,Aluminum foil in the phone booth lol
10,Why can't humans make a movie like this again?
10,It's a memory from 20 years ago that doesn'I wonder if anyone cried watching John Connor cry when he went down to Arnold's furnace.
9,Black Uncle Pity ㅠㅠ 9 points for fighting for the future and throwing away Connor's hat for being shot
10,I became an adult after watching this movie
10,The movie of my life... Top 1 movie for me, who perfectly satisfied everything from the beginning to the end, including tension, action, and emotion
8,It's the best movie in the Terminator series.
1,But this movie is not number one overall
10,That's perfect.
10,"I'll Be Back
10,One of the World Heritage Sites that went beyond mere entertainment and became a culture with Star Wars
10,I can't believe it was a movie long before I was even born. I feel like the Dark Knight, which I felt was the best movie of my life, is getting shabby. This movie has a rating of 10 points on Gaya Dam. It's a movie where I can't say anything. Wow, seriously!
10,The rating itself is meaningless. It's disrespectful of this movie to rate itself
10,It gives me goosebumps even when I see it again ㅜㅜ
10,I've liked him since I was young and I've seen him several times, but he cries every time he sees me This is the best movie of my life. Arnold Schwarzenegger's... You're old now, but... It's nice to see because you still look like a healthy old age! Please continue to make good movies crying
10,Wow, how did you create this? I can't speak.
10,This is a masterpiece.
6,Terminator's Ivy Back!
10,This movie is the best movie in human history so far.
10,I miss it. I don't think I'll ever be able to do this again.
10,I remember my 92, high school friends going crazy. It's a masterpiece that's ahead of its time. Cameron is clearly a genius
10,There is no comparison
10,20 years later, I think it's a great movieRecognized as a legend in the movie industry
10,I saw it for the first time when I was in the middle of 40th grade, and I saw it on TV yesterday, but it was really well made. I heard that CG was taken from "Abyss" directed by James Cameron.
10,There are people who haven't seen it yet, but I don't think there's anyone
10,I've seen Terminator Genesis, but the best Terminator is 2.
10,Logged in to give you a rating...
10,I think I've seen the best movie of my life about 10 times.
9,A masterpiece doesn't need words
10,I went to see Genesis. I miss it and I'm angry. I watched the dubbed version on TV when I was young. I watched it when I was young, but everything was melted into the movie. It was a movie that really made people think hard about the future... What the hell are you doing?
10,The best movie of my life ^^ b
10,I'm scared of T-100.Terminator oppa jjang ㅜㅜ♥ Usually, it's hard to concentrate for more than an hour because it's a little distracting, but I concentrate on every single scene of two cases and spring Abibag...아니 No, hoo! What's the same word? I almost erased it, but I'm annoyed
10,Wow, it's re-releasedSix months ago, Step Up was the best movie of my life, but I was thrilled when I fell into the last lava
10,More scary than a horror movie. I wonder if T-1000 has an end all the time.
10,The best movie of my life, Terminator 2.I feel once again that this is a masterpiece because my nephew is 8 years old and he is really interesting.I also reminisce while watching with my nephew.^^
10,I can't express it in words. Hoo!
10,It's no match, and the attention seekers live off their horoscopes and apologize to the film for life
10,How did they use CG like that in that era?
10,The Legend of the Boy Adventure
10,I can't believe it came out 25 years ago. It won't be released until 25 years later.
8,I've seen it three times in the theater. There are only one and two...The rest are all ruined
10,I watched it yesterday because it was on TV
10,A masterpiece of the century...James Cameron's greatest masterpiece
10,My childhood idol.Arnold typeㅜㅜ
10,Everyone in my generation has seen this movie
10,I just saw it on OCN againLOL It's fun no matter how many times I watch itLOL By far the best masterpiece in the Terminator series. I remember watching liquid liver in fear when I was young. The ending scene is so touching crying
10,I was shocked when I was young. It's still fun
10,I usually don't write things like this, but I have to do this. It's really the best movie in mankind.
10,Terminator 2 is the masterpiece.
10,This movie is so cool and funny that I don't find the follow-up interesting!!
10,Even if the beef bone is served, we have to watch another movie.
10,A movie that I really enjoyed watching.
10,An Immortal Masterpiece You Must See Before You Die
10,A masterpiece is not enough.
10,It's the best!!! No words needed!
10,I don't do things like this, but I should do this
10,We need to know that because of the work Terminator 2, we're still up to five to recreate the glory.
10,Genesis reminds me of this movie. This movie needs to get 10 points
10,The best movie of my life is Terminator 2
10,Legend. Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,What more do I need to say?
10,Even now, it feels more like a masterpiece than Terminator Zenith.
8,I'll be back. It's so much fun
10,Terminator 2, I want to buy a brain that hasn't seen it.
10,NAVER's rating. Everything else seems to be wrong, but you can trust the ratingIt's 100 out of 10
10,It is a movie that is way ahead of its time and is a monumental work that has taken the SF action genre to the next level. It is almost a miracle to make such a quality SF movie with muscular actors, once-famous foxes, unknown supporting actors and child actors.
10,It's sad that 10 stars is the best movie in my life...
10,I heard it's a piece of cake.
10,Come with me, Pew, Wanna Live!
10,Even today, the sequel has been released, but everyone is disappointed, saying it's not as good as this. In terms of the details of the movie, it really seems difficult for the sequel to surpass all of this. How would it feel if James Cameron made the third movie? And if the actors made it before they got old,
10,It's not simply an action movie.A symbolic movie...
10,It's the best...When is that day ㅠㅠ
10,Story, action, acting, music, casting, directing, lines, etc.It's 10 points in everything. ㅠㅠ Not a single scene, not a single line, is everythingI'm 32 years old, but now I'm registering for a rating because I'm dumbfounded that this movie has a rating of 9.34, so I wanted to raise it a little bit
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words!
10,In the movie, when I was in the middle of my second year of high school, when I went through a crowded line in the hallway of the Galleria shopping mall, Arnold, the villain in the first movie, guarded John Connor, and shot T1000, I remembered him like my dad
10,This is my first and last movie score. I think this movie is the legacy of mankind that can be handed down proudly to the descendants who live in the world when the world has changed a lot over the years...
10,It's Edward Fallon. How can it be... Running on Harley-Davidson. Anyway, this movie is Top of Top!
10,I watched the first part for about 20 minutes 20 years ago because they played it at a street appliance store, and I was touched by how fun it could be
10,I really enjoyed watching it when I was young and when I grew up...
10,It had to be just up to here.
10,Rather than saying that T3, T4, and Zenith are not so good, I think the previous first and second episodes were too much of a masterpiece.
10,It's the best... It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,There is no terminator better than Robert Patrick
10,It's not a movie, it's a work of art
10,I don't know if there's a score higher than 10 points.
10,Is this movie going to be re-released again...??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
10,Am I the only one who thought Arnold Schwarzenegger was the villain?I thought Arnold was definitely a villain when I first saw him, but I was surprised that he suddenly became nice, and I was shocked when you two had a gunfight in between John Connor
10,I envy people who have never seen Terminator. Kim Yeonwoo, who is so touched and long. Huh?
10,Asda bista baby
10,What's there to say? It's hard to type
8,Are you sure you overestimate?
10,A masterpiece that will go down in history as a reminder that robots are not exclusive to children
10,Is this being re-released? I have to see it
10,Even if I look at it again, it's a masterpiece!
10,If there are five films that will remain in the museum 100 years later, they must be included.
9,Whoo... It's even...
9,A spectacular dystopian blockbuster that breaks the Sophomore jinx
10,I'm not lying, I'm keeping a tape of rating points, and if I saw it when the CGV was re-released last year, I'll see it again. You're the best movie ever
10,It's my favorite movie
10,The best movie...I can't believe the graphics were 25 years ago either
8,Terminator is a masterpiece
10,This is... Awesome.ㅠㅠT
10,It's good if the re-released movie comes out every day
10,It says re-opening on 15/7/9 because it's a cultural heritage of mankind. I'm looking forward to it more than Genesis! I watched TV and DVD several times, but I want to watch it again at the theater.
8,Welcome to the new world!
10,The cultural heritage of mankind. It's meaningless how many times I've seen it's meaningless
10,I am jealous of director James Cameron's talent.
10,a sequel beyond the previous drama It's a thrilling finish with a hosting composition that should have been produced for the second movie. The perfection of all of that made this movie an irreplaceable masterpiece.
9,Best in the Terminator series
9,The nuclear explosion scene from Terminator 2.2, which was seen as a re-release, fits best with the expected scenario of a nuclear explosion so far.
10,It's a masterpiece that's ahead of its time
10,It's not enough to express this movie with any words, but it's a legend and a new level of SF movie that can't express all the emotions with words. At that time, I watched it with shudder and was so moved that I lost what to say.
10,It is a miracle that such a movie will come out in 1991, Robocop and Terminator 1 are both great sf action films, but this is one of the great ones.Especially, I remember the representative song of Terminator!
10,I saw it in the theater as early as morning. When three people came out of the theater, it was full and people stood up to the aisle and watched it. I was going to leave, but I sat down and watched it again.From start to finish, there was not a second of boring scenes. The best movie of my life!!!
9,This movie is also immortal...
10,Do you need words?
4,Maybe it's because it's been too long. It's not that...
10,The best movie of my life!   I'll be in my 40s soon.  I still can't forget the shock in the theater in my second year of middle school.
10,There is no need for a much funnier sequel than the original.
10,I don't think I can see this kind of movie again.
10,The best movie of my life
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life.I don't think there's anything better than this in the future.If this movie is not 10 points, which movie will get 10 points.
10,Personally, my favorite movie...
10,I can't get tired of watching it again and again. crying
10,I'm sorry that I'm evaluating it
10,It's still the best, but considering the timing of its release, I wonder if there's another movie in the Terminator series that has this impact.
10,a synonym for a sequel beyond the previous series
10,If I were to pick the Bible of SF, it would be T2, Ariane 2, and Star WarsOther than that, it's just a little...
10,If you ask me if it's the best movie of my life, it might not be T2, but...The feeling of immersion, shock, and aftereffects when I first saw it...It was a great experience that you can't feel even if you look at Avengers 2 or Avatar now after many years. I feel sorry for the generation who will think of this movie as a relic of the old era.
10,Two of the best movies of my life. Terminator 2, Braveheart.
10,My heart is still pounding. SF's best masterpiece, T2
9,I should have stopped at 2.
10,It seems that there are many elements that were brought from the first movie, but it is still a masterpiece of SF action movies that are as good as the first movie.
10,Arnold's transformation was good~~ LOL
7,When I said, "I almost killed a black man instead of trying to kill a black man," I said, "I didn't know what creativity was." I wanted to be George the whole time I saw him
10,The main theme song of this movie gave me a great imagination when I was young It makes my heart flutter
10,Throw 10 points to get the stars
10,2015.00. A masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,The best SF movie I've ever seen.
10,A masterpiece that you will never get tired of seeing hundreds of times, no need to explain anymore, just watch it for yourself
10,The best movie of my life that doesn't need words
10,I don't know if I can evaluate this
10,I have watched countless movies abroad, but this is still the best movie of my life
10,When I was in elementary school, I went to the bathhouse with my friend and he jumped into the bath with his thumb up
10,I have nothing to say. No questions and answers!
9,It may be a story that anyone can think of now, but I think it was the beginning of the movie that allowed us to think of such a story , 24 years later, I want to applaud your imagination like the Terminator
10,It was a movie that made me realize that my emotions were dry rather than robots.
10,Astalavista, I'm sure you know at least 20 million
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even after watching it dozens of times...
10,It's a masterpiece that I can't explain with my expression
10,Ten masterpieces of masterpieces are also small. This is an amazing masterpiece
10,I can't stop looking at it at all times; Mission Impossible is not tacky at all times. This is a culture property that cannot be converted into money.
10,Personally, I think the movie version is more fun than the director's
10,So long, baby.
10,It's a masterpiece. Will Be Back.
10,I didn't know it when I was young, but looking at it again,
10,The best movie of my life (10 letters)
10,Brother Arnold should be designated as a human cultural asset. This movie is the original loyalty movie! You should thank the Terminator. i be back
10,I felt very sorry for Joe Morton, who played Dr. Miles Bennett Dyson, when he was killed. It's a masterpiece. It's regrettable that I'm making comments like this.Why didn't I give a review before...
10,A movie that leaves an impression every time I see it
10,The best sequel of all time, Linda Hamilton's female warrior role, is really the best
10,Do you need words?;;
10,To put it as simply as possible, the standard of science fiction movies. The awe I felt when I saw this movie when I was in middle school is likely to continue forever.
10,It's thrilling even if you look at it now!
10,It's the best masterpiece. This is good
10,There's no need for words. It's cool even now
10,This is the only movie that goes beyond this.
9,The powerful directing skills that continue the fun of the previous movie stand out
9,I don't think it's up to your reputation.
10,Wow, I watched it again after 10 years and it's really fun. It's been over 20 years, but there's no SF action movie like this
10,Of course it's 10 points. It's either 10 points for a movie like this or 10 points for Mo
10,It's been over 20 years, but a masterpiece is a masterpiece
10,I saw the movie B in 1991 at the comic book store. I saw it in 2013 at the theater
9,I'm surprised it was made before I was born.
10,Good, good, funny. I miss you again
10,A masterpiece from the Terminator series. I can't believe the technology and the movie was this perfect 24 years ago
10,I watched it a long time ago and recently. You're the best. You must watch it
10,I can't get out of the movie
10,Story is story, but...It's a CG effect that was way ahead of the time.Unlike the previous villains, the image was so cold and silent that it created a new villain concept that there was no way to kill
10,This is from 1991? It's a lie
10,Did we really have to cry about his sacrifice?
10,There's nothing to fill in 10 letters Just shut up and eat--
10,It couldn't be more perfect.
10,James Cameron's favorite movie, SF movie, movie that will stay in my head with Alien
10,The action and special effects of the SF movie were the best, but the John Corner of the last scene and the T800 star scene are still the most touching scenes
10,Astala Vista Baby!
10,I don't think there will be another SF movie like this again.
10,F loyalty! Cameron!
10,A work that can't be left out when choosing the best action movie. It's been 15 years since I saw it again and it's
10,I watched it when I was in elementary school, but it's a renaming movie.
10,The best movie of my life. I have nothing to say
10,My heart still beats when the caption "Judge's Day" and the magnificent music of the Terminator come out in the opening.
10,The most suspenseful movie ever.
10,John isn't the main character, he's the supporting one. I knew it for the first time.
9,It added wit to the advanced technology than the first one. But don't add 4 to 50 minutes of running time. There is a sagging and boring side in the middle and late stages. The plot is so similar to one (though intentional) that the running time feels longer.Sarah's a female warrior, tough girl b
10,There is no need to sayThere are people who haven't seen it, but there's no one who's
10,I still can't believe it's a 1990s movie. It's a must-see movie before you die
9,I like them all...I thought it was a superpower because the villain robot was so reckless.Is there no harm in killing or killing?
1,It's fun, but I think I know the movie well enough to be in the top five
10,No matter what anyone says, it's the best movie I pick
8,It was released in 1991.
10,This movie is so interesting that there is no need for words
10,What I still remember is that "The Trucker" didn't act very well
10,Even though I watched it dozens of times, I was still moved. What is surprising is that the movie was made 24 years ago.
10,Is this really from 1991? Awesome
6,A touch of sensitivity to cutting-of-the-art
10,I'm lucky enough to be in the theater, and I'll never forget that excitement
10,It's an incredible film that was released in 1991. Of course, I'm a fan of Terminator.
8,It has a good sense of immersion and fun. But it's kind of disappointing. I'm not sure what it is.
10,That song that I still can't forget lol
10,Effects and fun that aren't like old movies
9,a sequel beyond the original I can't believe this imagination and implementation was possible in 1991
10,Three Masters of SF: Star Wars, Terminator, Matrix
9,Force of the original Terminator
10,It's the best movie ever again
9,What do you need to say? Blank spaces
10,The most amazing thing is that this story came from one person's head
10,a film lacking even the word masterpiece
10,A masterpiece that even BoA wants to see!
10,It was the best movie of my life
10,There is no movie like Terminator 2.
10,A movie that won't be criticized even if it's a perfect movie.
10,a monumental work that will be remembered as an immortal masterpiece
10,This is Hollywood! I think it's a movie that shows that.
10,a masterpiece that will linger in the history of film The memories and shivers I saw 20 years ago are still fresh.
10,I don't know what to say.
10,A movie that is fun to watch many times!
10,I think the next 100 years will be fine
10,It's just the legend of SF movies.
10,The legend of SF movie. I mean it
10,Legendary, I don't need words.
10,This masterpiece is not a masterpiece, but a masterpiece
10,Why did the villain suddenly become an ally in one side? It's hard to accept, but it's fun, so 10 points
9,When action and beautiful emotions meet at their highest point. We have no choice but to be moved by the irony.
10,They say it's like a crazy movie. Is this really a movie that came out 20 years ago?
10,It's the best. As expected, it's a masterpiece. It's a movie like jajangmyeon that you get sick of and want to eat again
1,I really enjoyed watching this movie, but there are many movies that I think are more masterpieces than this, but I don't think it's to the point where it's ranked above all masterpieces So, I give low ratings but I really want to recommend movies that I enjoyed
10,The best movie of my life. I don't need words
8,I wonder if it came out when I was in elementary school. I enjoyed watching it when I was in elementary school. If I saw it for the first time, I could have gotten more than 9 points
10,The dubbing, the original, and the OST... When I was in elementary school, I recorded it over 100 times, and I memorized all the lines in dubbing.I still have dubbing, director, and theater versions.I can't get enough of it
10,A masterpiece that will never be forgotten even after 100 years
10,It's fun to watch it again after 20 years. I don't think there is a SF action movie that still beats this movie. Both the story and action are excellent, and the movie is full of excitement from the beginning to the end.
10,There is no more movie than this
10,Do you need words? 10 characters
10,Amazing. Everything is perfect!
10,The best masterpiece that doesn't need to be said!T-1000! I applaud James Cameron for making a big impression among the Terminators who have appeared in history.
10,The stormy coolness of the two Terminators who are packing love and hope!
10,SF masterpiece that you can't get tired of no matter how many times you watch it
10,My favorite movie, Terminator 2
10,When Uncle Arnold cried when the power was cut off and the screen was turned off by the T1000, and the screen was turned off, and when he shouted RB bag and showed his thumbs into the lava, he felt the masculinity of a hotter heart than lava, not machine. The best action masterpiece!
10,the best film in the world A movie that doesn't compare to anything
10,It's the best. I can't believe this kind of movie was made in the '90s
10,Twenty years later, it is still a work to imagine the future.
10,The greatest movie of all time.
10,I think it's the best masterpiece
10,Shut up and get 10 points. Why? Don't ask. You'll see for yourself.
10,This movie should not be treated as an action movie that simply gives you joy to watch. It is scary on the one hand because it is the future of mankind that can be fully imagined, but it is a movie that tells us through big fun what kind of life humans should pursue and what ethical values they should take.
10,Compared to robot movies and legends, Transformers and Pacific Rim are all miscellaneous movies.
10,It's still okay to watch it
10,It's not a legend. It's a legend
10,This movie is a movie that will never end because the story level itself is not inferior to modern movies regardless of quality
10,A masterpiece that set a new milestone in SF movie history
10,The film was a masterpiece, but Edward Fallon, on the contrary, collapsed at a young age.그것 If it weren't for that, I'd be like Leonardo DiCaprio
10,You're going to give the Avengers 10 points instead of 10 points for this movie? Huh? So frustrated
9,The director's monstrous directing ability to create a masterpiece just with the pure genre tension of the chaser and the chaser.a masterpiece that created the icon of the times
10,If director James Cameron, who showed extreme directing power at Terminator 1 with a low budget, has a large production cost, such a movie will be born.
1,The average score is high. Look at the average
10,The synchronization of actors and characters, the atmosphere of movies, and the music of movies... It's amazing that we were able to make these movies in the early 90s. Ta-da! Ta-da!~Bam bam bam bam~[Screaming]
10,I just don't need words Top
10,The best movie in sf world with Alien 2.
10,Best movie, need explanation.
10,What else do I need to say?
10,What words do you need?
10,Robert Patrick's creepy acting!!! It's really the best!
9,It was more shocking than 1
10,A movie that you can't get tired of watching after Titanic
10,It's been a while since I saw it, but it made me feel that it's a masterpiece again
1,돌아올 것이다.
10,Best movie I've seen dozens of times ㅠㅠ
10,When that movie was aired, all I could talk about was that movie every day from my friends who were elementary school students. This movie is one of the few works that you can't regret even if you keep it in Blu-ray.
10,You're the best! I don't need anything more to say!
8,an interesting film It's worth watching.
10,This movie is the legend of the movie industry. I watched it dozens of times and even memorized the lines in the original language.
10,The idea of a murder machine from the future, the time paradox of his father from the future, was an amazing and sensationalist, Governor Nold's charisma and liquid terminator is really...It's a masterpiece of all time.If this isn't a masterpiece, what's a masterpiece?
10,It is a masterpiece that will remain in film history like Star Wars.
10,2 is so strong that it feels like the next episode looks weak
10,The Last Emperor, Leon, and Terminator These movies are just awesome. I have nothing else to say but the expression of being awesome.
9,Pat, pat, pat! Ta-da! Ta-da!
10,Legendary game movie...
10,You're the best! No words needed!
10,I can't believe I'm watching this movie on Chuseok!L
10,I want to see another masterpiece like this in my life
1,I thought it was a masterpiece and it was so boring.The CG is so lame and the story is so obvious. The end.There's not a lot of Axe. It's just a movie to kill movie. There are part-timers in movies that have been released for a long time.It's not fun, so don't be fooled
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I really don't need words.A legend is a legend
10,The best movie of my life. It's been 20 years, but I haven't seen a movie like this yet!
10,The best work of the Terminator series. The so-called liquid terminator T-1000 appeared, doubling the tension and attraction. Edward Furlong. When he was in his prime
10,..Masterpiece...
10,I still can't believe it's a '91 movie. The thumb that melts into the lava is a famous scene that will remain in the movie history.
10,The best
10,It is the movie that remains the strongest feeling that I enjoyed watching it when I was young. It's so much fun watching it. I still remember how it felt.It's a shame that I can only give 10 points.
10,I'm so glad I lived in the era where I could see Terminator 2. It's definitely the best movie!
10,I saw this movie on TV when I was in the first grade of middle school. Even though it was a video that was edited because it was violent and had a long running time, I can't forget the shock and emotion I felt at that time even after 16 years.
10,I didn't want three quarters of a terminator to come out.
10,Every time I watch this movie, I feel touched. It will be back.
9,This is how you make the follow-up
10,This movie was more than fun at the time, but it was a shock and surprise.
1,Of course, I enjoyed watching it in the past, but due to the limitations of entertainment movies, the rating...
10,Such a work will never come again. It's a perfect masterpiece!
10,the most unspeakable masterpiece
10,This is what it's all about
10,When I first saw this, I thought my eyes would be happy for a robot.It was my first time to cry while watching an action movie.It's a legend. A legend.
10,The first movie I watched in a row twice in a row at the theater. Following RoboCop, the movie dreamed of romance with robots. I don't think there's a movie where the roles and music of the actor (Arnold) match so perfectly. Will there be a more perfect SF, action, or thriller movie?
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,A masterpiece that opened my eyes to the movie
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.
10,UNESCO-designated World Heritage Sites... There's no need for words.
9,It's one of the funnier sequels than the first one.It's a movie that's obvious that it's a rare expense
1,It's not... it's not that impressive
10,Can it be more fun than this?
10,It's sad if you don't watch it!
10,Even if you give me 10, it's not enough
10,The movie that I still remember... A great movie.
10,Let's get 9.37 points
10,No matter how many stars I give you, it's not enough
10,It's 100 times bigger than the escape
10,Terminator 2 was so perfect
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen Terminator 2, but the ones who gave me one star, no answer;
10,One point each is given to a masterpiece that the whole world loves and doesn't know how to watch a movie. You guys know what you're doing to humiliate the international community? I feel ashamed to be in the same country as you. Study! Don't prove that you're not good at it. That's why my mom didn't eat seaweed soup
9,Best story, best development, best science fiction movie
10,The best in the Terminator series! The last scene is still embedded in my memory.
10,James Cameron's films seem to have been masterpieces of the century
10,Yoo Byung-eon is not dead.
8,Interesting story action, movie history, and great scenes
10,I can't get enough of it even after watching it 40 times
10,It's a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it again.
10,It's just that James Cameron is the genius of the geniuses...
10,다시 올거에요.
10,What do you need to say? It's the best masterpiece that won't fall for even if it's released now.
10,the greatest masterpiece of the Terminator world I should have had the ending here as the director wanted. Don't worry about me
9,I can't imagine. I can't believe it's a movie that's been 20 years.
10,It's an older movie than me, but I can't get enough of it.
10,Don't think that people give you 10 points for giving you 10 points. I remember following my parents to the movie theater when I was in elementary school. ㅠㅠLet me go back to that timeHaha
10,It's a movie I've seen more than 10 times. The only thing. You don't need to say much longer, do you?
10,The best movie I've ever seen, Sascha James Merundias
10,Even now, I feel that the story is solid.  The CG of the liquid robot is not awkward even now
10,A great masterpiece that surpasses the previous record!
10,Why didn't you release the director's version at the time?
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words. It's a classic movie
10,It's so much fun. I want to watch it again
10,It is unacceptable why the rating is only in the nine-point range. This movie is perfect out of ten.
10,It's so much fun, it doesn't need words. It doesn't need words
10,I need a word Legend
1,Why is the score so high?
10,Now, technology is better and I am proud of the colorful CG, but when I was in middle school, I was shocked when I saw this movie in the theater for the first time. The director is the best director.I think he's a director who's really good at finding actors
10,It's just a legendary return of a masterpiece
10,the only sequel to surpass the original
10,No words needed. Edward Furlong's unfortunate beauty and villain were horrifying, and Sarah Connor was so cool
10,Hell's Movie The Best Film
10,Shaw Saint Escape, Sound of Music Terminator. These three are my best movies
10,No words needed. How many lives did this movie change?
10,the greatest action movie in human history
10,Can such a masterpiece be made again? Machine material is very common now, but it was innovative at the time
10,The legend of SF. It's the best even now
10,I watched this movie in my early 20s, but I think there is no masterpiece like this movie even when I am almost 50 years old The casting of Eddy Word Furlong was a great move.I can't forget the excitement I felt when I was young
10,One of the best movies of my life!
10,Crazy movie with Alien 2
10,A movie that I still remember
10,What kind of movie is this from 1991?
10,Terminator is the best
10,10 points, 10 points, 10 points, 10 points, 10 points, 10 points, 10 points, 10 points
10,The last line is goodbye. Don't get me wrong
10,I saw this in the movie theater.You're jealous, right?
10,The best... There's nothing more than this in the SF action genre
10,By far the best of Terminator Sirs. a sequel beyond the original
10,If the first movie was more of a horror movie, the second movie was more of an illusion. Terminator 2 was not just a movie, but a history and revolution.
10,a masterpiece without wordsI was thrilled when I first saw it when I was in elementary school, but it still makes me thrilled.
6,The suction power is lower than that of the previous movie, and the villain in the previous movie suddenly becomes an actor, so I can't get used to it. The main character's performance was great, but considering that it was a series, the main character who was typical of citizens in the previous movie suddenly turned violent and I couldn't concentrate
10,Does it make sense that Leon is better than this?
10,Literally the standard of Hollywood movies, the best movie of my life
10,So long, baby.
10,The coexistence of machines and humans and how to be friends. A representative movie that shows that there is still hope for the earth with mutual understanding and trust.Now he knows why he's crying, but he can't.There's nothing strange about the high level of perfection even if you look at it recently.Is this from 1992? a timeless work
10,It's the greatest masterpiece of my life.
10,I'm a girl, but personally, the acting of Terminator 2 was better than Titanic.Fallon's Leeds...My acting skills... Whether it's a 10 point story or whatever
10,It's a masterpiece, the last scene ㅠㅠ
10,a legend in science fiction What more can I say?
10,Who dares to throw up on this movie?
10,a masterpiece without words "I can see why people are crying. But I can't shed tears."
9,Not only action, but there are implicationsLet's respect life.
10,Are you sure this is from 1991?
10,It has been more than 20 years since it was made, and I can say that it is still the best movie. There is no OOO in SF movies of this era. The content, the visual effects...
10,The legend of an action movie
1,It wasn't funny, it wasn't touching...
5,I had a lot of fun watching it when I was young, so I watched it again recently, but it was grossly boring. The first episode was much more fun
1,The rating is so high that I watched one or two movies in a row, but it's boring and I don't understand what's the best movie in my head, so I'll give you a score to contribute to the development of society by reducing the number of people who get tricked like me
10,Judgement Day is the most fun
10,a masterpiece of the SF film that beats the previous one
1,One grade is too high. I think 8 points would be enough. It's fun, but it's amazing
10,Action Blockbuster is divided into before and after Terminator.
10,an inexplicable legend
9,It's a masterpiece. This is a masterpiece
7,What a disgusting machine
10,A work that I can't believe was made in 1991
10,Edward Furlong was young for his first movie, but his acting was so good
10,How many times did I watch this? ㅠㅠ
10,The best ㅠㅠ It's a masterpiece even if you're a masterpiece
10,It's called a "masterpiece."
10,All I can say is that it's a masterpiece.
10,This is the legend. Crazy. Brother Arnold
10,I watched it more than 50 times. I regret knowing the Terminator series only last year.
10,This is real. What's coming out right now is disappointment
10,the greatest masterpiece of a masterpiece lol
10,It's a masterpiece that I want to watch forever
10,What more do you need to say?
10,The ending scene is always touching and makes my eyes red. Especially, when John Connor cried not to go at the end, every word Arnold said was so sad. "I know why you're crying. Only humans can spill it."
10,It's still fun and touching Terminator 2
10,I think Terminator 2 will be popular if you remake it with modern CG L
10,Isn't it 10 points?
9,An eternal masterpiece, Arnold.
10,Is James Cameron Human?
1,The rating is too high. I think 8 points would be enough. It's funny, but not to the point where it's awesome
10,Best and Thrilling Movie
1,It's not that
10,This is one of the top five movies you should watch before you die
10,It's the best... It's a masterpiece.This is a masterpiece.
10,A movie that's still fun to watch. It's the best
10,Jjang.. ㅠㅠ I was sad.
10,Terminator is the real beauty of movies
10,The best movie in my top five
10,This movie is not a human being
10,It's a movie that's fun to watch
10,What words are needed? The best movie of my life!
10,The best movie of my life. I still cry while watching it
10,When the two Terminators met at the beginning of the movie with John Connor in between, I felt like I was out of breath.
10,Mercita Terminator
10,How many times did I watch it on TV? I think it's not playing in OCN because I played it too much now
10,It's not a piece of work to play with scores.
10,On my way into the last furnace, I'm going to... I saw this horse when I was young, but I still can't forget it.
10,Why do you call this a masterpiece?
10,It's good! Good!Haha
10,The movie that I thought most seriously about robots when I was young.Their presence at the time was devastating and just terrifying.
10,It's more shocking than seeing Transformers. What a shock in 1991!
10,A movie that doesn't lack nothing
10,The one who gets less than 10 points is 1. Terminator who is emotionally dry 2. Elementary school
10,A truly memorable masterpiece!
10,It is a movie that is over 20 years old.[Laughing]
10,It's a movie that's not enough to give 10 out of 10. I don't think there will be any more movies that will go beyond the shock and emotion that this movie showed at the time. If I have to choose the best movie of my life, I will say this movie without hesitation. There's no highlight. Perfect from start to finish.
10,What are the rest of us who come here for nothing and terrorize them? It feels like blasphemy that such surpluses are encountered among these masterpieces.
10,Wow... It's just amazing.
10,It's a great masterpiece.This masterpiece is the best
10,A masterpiece is not tacky even with time
10,the greatest masterpiece of my life
10,Legend of legend. It's a masterpiece
10,James Cameron's true masterpiece. Avatar, Titanic is incomparable
10,A movie that you can't get tired of even if you watch it 10 times
10,The James Cameron movie you can trust and watch
10,The legendary SF avatar is a big monster.
10,Even if I don't watch movies often, I end up watching them because I'm bored, but I didn't do anything else until the end. Can I watch this kind of movie again?
10,T-1000's charisma. The Terminator series ends here.
10,It's fun. It's fun even if you watch it every day
10,Terminator 2 is... It goes without saying that it's 10 points.
10,My heart still flutters when I do Terminator 2 on TV.
10,This is a movie with a rating of 10...
10,Masterpiece... I want to see it again
10,When I missed Arnold's father
10,A masterpiece is timeless.
10,It's fun to watch it now. I think I watched it ten times more
10,a masterpiece that requires little words
10,Arnold is dying at the end. It's a masterpiece that only talks about being the best.
9,The villain in the first movie played a role in helping the main character in the second movie.
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words.
10,It is a blessing to see such a movie.ㅠ
10,James Cameron He is a master director of merchandise and public taste. Considering that Terminator is a work at its peak and a work of the early 90s, the modifier is the best.
10,Speechless film, there is nothing to discuss about this film You can just watch it no matter what
1,No, you can't
10,This movie is definitely 10 points
1,I don't think that's good
7,Is this movie timeless? I doubt it. I think it's over-release...(Sound of laughter)
4,Why am I not very interesting...
10,It's a movie that makes me sick every time I see it
10,Don't whine about Terminator 2
10,I felt the endless excitement from the beginning to the end of the movie
10,I wonder if this kind of movie will come out again...
10,Everything about movie box office, technology, emotion, music is the best
10,A masterpiece that transcends the limits of time slip
10,A masterpiece that will go down in history...
10,the climax of dystopian science fiction films
10,It is the best movie of my life. Personally, I hate all Cameron movies because they are long, but not as much as this one. I saw the unauthorized edition during the re-release, but the theater version seemed much better before. It was cleaner and only the necessary contents were edited... It's kind of boring because the un-edited version is not deleted
10,Why did I miss the reopening date?
10,It starts with the head and ends with the heart.
10,The Cameron Monument! It's a super masterpiece with imagination, sophistication, philosophy, and sensitivity! He gave me strength and hope by scolding me hard! But the T-1000 came from The Thing (82) and Yosu City (87) Kawajiri, Carpenter and Cameron have been growing up by beating each other up!!
10,It's a masterpiece that makes you feel sorry for giving a rating. You have to give 20 stars out of 10 stars
10,This rating is still undervalued
10,So long, baby.
10,I heard it was filmed in 1990 and released in 1991, how many years ahead of time?
10,A work that is so dramatic that it creates a cliché
10,I'm sick and tired of listening to the OST
10,This is a masterpiece. Awesome
10,*-* The best masterpiece!crying
9,The reason why the thumb is sad is not because we were young.
1,I'm really sorry, but I really enjoyed watching this. Can you tell me the ranking?
10,The masterpiece of blockbuster movies that can be released once in a century. Video, action, directing, story, character, music... There is nothing missing
10,James Cameron's best work is neither Avatar nor Titanic. There are many movies that can be compared with Avatar and Titanic.  But Terminator 2: Judgment Day is no match for any film.
10,One of the best movies ever ^^
10,The best. The most revolutionary movie in film history
10,This is the only movie that is better than the first movie
10,I gave him the rating too late.
10,A masterpiece is a work like this
10,A movie that was imprinted on me as a child.  How many times have you imagined watching this movie in 1991? It's a shame that I can't give you more than 10 points
10,The most touching lesson is fun. Edward Furlong is very nice.
10,In 2015, the day Jurassic Park and Terminator return, waiting for Judgment Day again...
10,The thrill of sinking into the furnace...
10,There's nothing wrong with a timeless SF movie and a special effects scenario
10,If you die without seeing it, you will regret it
10,Wow, it's fun. It was a shocking movie that I was so immersed in
10,This is called a masterpiece!
10,It is a great movie that encompasses men and women of all ages, especially the robot at the end, but I felt a strange impression of humanity by the terminator who showed a beautiful sacrifice while acquiring human emotions
10,This is what a movie is
10,I thought Alien 2 was the end of the series I really fainted when I saw this.Out of 10 points? He's peeling it. Give him 50 points! I think this is the first and last movie that made me cry after watching an action movie.
10,I dare say it's the best.
10,When will a masterpiece like this come out again?
9,A masterpiece was a masterpiece
10,It's so thrilling and fun
10,A film that shows the future of our human race
10,Among the movies I have watched, I think I watched it 30 times.
10,Wow, it's amazing that it came out in the 90s.
10,It's not a movie, it's an art. the best man-made masterpiece
10,Personally, I don't like James Cameron, but this is a masterpiece
10,It was shocking when I saw it for the first time. Even now
10,It's been a while since I made it, but it's better than most movies that come out now
10,I don't think the Terminator series will follow this
10,I'm looking forward to 5 masterpieces
1,It's like we don't have enough of something for mankind
10,How could a movie like this in 1991... Hahaha
8,It was pretty fun even though I knew the whole story.I saw the director's version, but I think the director's version has a better ending. If you want to watch a movie, make sure to watch the director's version.
10,I wonder how the enemy in the first part became an ally in the second part?
10,I watched it because it was aired on EBS, and it was a masterpiece without thinking about anything else Should I say I've got hope for life?^^
10,What a masterpiece.
10,It's fun. Totally good, good, very good
10,I saw this movie for the first time. It's amazing I haven't seen a movie like this in more than 20 years
10,A movie I'll never forget is the best
10,It is the best movie.Strongly recommend
10,2 is a legendary movie 22 years ago, but graphic action story thrill cannot be imitated by the advanced Korean film technology. There is no need for words Top
10,A masterpiece that can't be compared to anything else even now after a long time
9,It's touching and fun Schwarz John Cool
10,At that time, I couldn't sleep after watching this movie.One of the best movies that is so shocking to me
10,This is really... a masterpiece. It will go down in history.
10,It's a masterpiece that needs no words
10,It was the best Hollywood fantasy action movie of my life
6,As I will remember the last thumb for the rest of my life, the production of Terminator gaining humanity was also great, but because of the limitations of the classic SF, the fun was halved
10,Honestly, I think I saw it 100 times. I'm touched every time I see it
10, 재경기
10,Do I have to say this?
10,I saw that it was re-released as a director's version (?). There were a lot of things that looked a little clumsy when I looked at it again, but considering that it was a movie that was more than 20 years old, I think it was a skewer. What a masterpiece. I think it is a movie that made a mark in the history of movies. It is also considered to be the second part, which is better than 1.
10,I don't need words. It is the beginning and end of SF. Do a hundred days full of CG. Is this coming out?
10,a retelling film
10,As expected, a masterpiece... I got goosebumps the whole time I watched it
10,an unprecedented sample of SF action
9,The movie I watched with my father when I was a kid.I remember vividly that over 20 years later, a huge lump of mercury was chasing ㅜㅜ
10,It's my life. Even the OST is amazing. Do girls know the greatness of this movie? OO years that laughed at me when I said my best movie was Terminator 2.
10,This is the best movie ever!
10,You don't need to say anything.
7,The sad reality that a well-made action film has come to be par with a masterpiece by crowd mentality
10,Movie is also a movie, but the opening music is a world heritage.
10,When I was in elementary school, I didn't even know what it meant. But now that it's been 10 years, I know what it means. I'm so immersed and moved A cop with bad tears at the end is scary both when he was young and now
10,This movie is over 20 years old?
10,It's the best even now!
10,It's not tacky at all, even if you look at it's not tacky at all. Rather, it looks more sophisticated
10,I heard it's going to be re-released, so I'll take my underwear.
10,the pinnacle of the science fiction film industry This movie is the best of the best, even if you talk about the whole James Cameron production
10,It's always touching.
10,It's a masterpiece. It was an issue back then. Cameron's an extraordinary director
10,I've never seen a GPA before, but I wasn't the only one who cried
10,How many people don't know the last scene?
8,If you haven't watched it, you must watch it. He's got a lot of action.I think that's a big suggestion.
9,When I think about the release period, it really reflects high-tech science. And the lines and actions that I can remember so far... What a great movie!
10,No words needed!!!The best of the best of best
10,I can't believe I can see this in the theater.
10,T1 masterpiece, T2 masterpiece, T3 masterpiece
9,The Flaw of the Movie: The Face of the Female Actress
10,I watched it at a large theater in Dongseong-ro, DaeguAt that time, it was a big screen dangling, so I remember watching this movie standing up, not on a bus, because there were so many people. This movie is just a legendBreakthrough special effects, solid scenarios, a good mix of humor and exhilarating action. Anyway, it'
10,When does a true terminator back up? You said I'll be back...
10,a story/director/actor/actressNeedless to say, it's so much fun
1,The rating is too high;;;;
10,I didn't cry a lot when I watched the movie. It was so touching. The best movie I'll never forget
10,I can't believe the best movie of my life is released again ㅜㅜ
10,I think I've seen this movie 100 times.
10,It's hard to make a famous painting like this
10,I am sure that it is the best masterpiece among the many SF movies left in history and the best science fiction work created by humans.
10,There is no need for wordsㅠ
10,You are an alien if you are not touched by the last scene or if you are not touched by the tip of your nose.
10,After the re-release, I tried to see it five times, but I only saw it three times. But I don't have any regrets. I finally saw this movie in the theater.
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's thumb was sexy, he did a great job and the child actor Edward grew up well, Terminator is the kind of movie I've seen in my 17 years of life with Indiana Jones
10,Even after 22 years, it's a masterpiece
10,There is no need for words. A movie that you regret if you don't watch it.
10,It's the best. It's a masterpiece that can't be seen again
10,It's fun even if you watch it over and over again
10,Through this movie, I learned the research ethics, responsibility, and respect for life of scientists.
10,Fourteen years later, I was still impressed.
10,I almost cried while watching it at the movie theater. How can a human make a movie like this... A masterpiece that will go down in history...
10,The legend of robot movies has come!
10,Albac Predator is also a great masterpiece
10,It's not Arnold. It's Terminator. It's "Legend"
10,I've seen it dozens of times, but the kids haven't seen it yet, so I'm taking it to the theater. Will a movie this big come out again?
10,It's been 22 years, and I think I've seen it 10 times, but it's not boring or tacky. The best work in Cameroon is Terminator 2.LOL
10,A dreary movie... I just watched it when I was young, but now I'm crying
8,I've seen it several times since the opening of the theater, but it's good for entertainment.
10,I think I've seen it more than 50 times, and I saw the director's version again on Seomyeon CGV yesterday Even though it was 22 years ago, it did not seem to lag behind these days. This is the power of masterpieces!
10,Tears welled up in the theater ㅠㅠ
10,This is a masterpiece!
10,This is what a masterpiece is. It's fun to watch again and again
10,This movie is not just science fiction, but it is a work that makes us realize humanity. T-101, which was emotionless and programmed, becomes humanized and builds friendships through his relationship with Connor.This ability is something that only humans can do, and it's a work that shows how special and precious they are
9,Praise for the action masterpiece of the century.
10,I wish I could forget everything and watch it again. It's a pity that you know everything!
10,The Best Film I Can't Forget
10,This is Cameroon's legendary movie... I still vividly remember Umji going into the furnace, even though it was ruined from episode three
10,Now that I think about it, I regret watching this movie with poor quality video. I watched it on TV and it was the best work of my life.
1,TERRER KOREA TERMINATION TER.2
10,It's a legendary movie
10,I can't help but give him 10 points
10,Legend doesn't need two words. Make sure to watch it before you die!
10,I'm definitely moved differently from seeing you in the theater...!!I hope it'll be released again later!He will be back !
10,Best man-made film in the early 90s! The second part is almost ruined, but the second part is more fun. Even if this movie is out now, it is definitely the best movie
10,As expected, it's so much fun.Edward Furlong, by the way...
10,Wow! It's released in 1991, but it's a masterpiece that's comparable to the current movies! You're the best
10,A masterpiece 20 years later. A masterpiece 20 years later
10,It's been a time for me to vent my regret all my life.I can't believe I'm watching T2 in the theater.
10,What do you mean 11 points? It's 점이
10,Edward Furlong...
10,Wow, this is so much fun.I don't know how grateful I am to watch it even if it's re-released. I've been running it for almost three hours, and I've lost track of time. Bo Mi, and Mr. Arnold is really
10,I Will Be Back! (I will be back!!!)
10,Terminator 2's main music is also amazing ^ 0 ^nold is cool and ^ * The composition of the work is strong ~ It's an old movie, but it's as good as action movies these days~Will be back! :)
10,How can I not get sick of it no matter how many times I watch it? It's amazing.
10,I'm just saying one thing  a masterpiece
10,The genius director is the ultimate in SF movies. Although better CG and special effects will come out, I think it will be difficult for SF movies to be able to surpass overall completeness
10,It's a masterpiece that hasn't changed even after all these days
10,It's awesome even now!
10,^^ Terminator Will Be Back
10,The most interesting movie I've ever seen in my life. No movie can beat this movie
10,I watched this movie about 20 years ago, but I still can't forget the last scene.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece lol You can't call it Terminator unless it's Arnold
10,Oh, the best. It's a masterpiece every time I see it ㅠㅠ I'm crying. I'm getting goosebumps. Do I cry every time I see it?Ha
10,I can only remember three films that were popularly parodied like one syndrome. Terminator 2, Titanic, Matrix. You don't have to tell me what it is.
10,Tricks are all about movies like this
9,The best movie. What else do you need?
10,The action and the story were the best for me The movie is more realistic because the actors act well and John is young but he is like an adult
10,I enjoyed watching the first movie, which is one of the top five movies.Those who enjoyed the first episode will know  When Arnold said "sit down" to the kid on the first face-to-face of the T-1000, I screamed in my head
8,Did you translate it properly this time? I'm curious.
10,A good opportunity to see masterpieces again
10,It's a great loss of life not to watch this movie in theaters. Go and see before it's too late.
10,Is there a masterpiece? This is a masterpiece
3,As expected, the terminator is easy
10,Arnold is the best movie in the list of zero.
9,I watched it after it was re-released. James Cameron seems to have already reached the stage of an entertainment movie with this film.
10,It was the best movie without words
10,Don't discuss SF movie without watching this movie.
1,Honestly, it wasn't that great.
10,Good. This is the movie
10,I couldn't watch the movie version, so I watched the re-released director's version, and I'm honestly disappointed. The old movie version was much more touching.
10,Re-released and watched. The level is different between the regular and director versions ;; I need to see the director's version! With the story that's left out in the middle! Look...;;
10,It came out when I was a senior in high school, but I couldn't watch it because I was preparing for my academic test. When the video came out, I made a reservation with the video store manager. I went to the theater to watch another movie, and when I found out that Terminator 2 was playing, I bought a ticket instead of the movie I was going to watch. It's much better than the movie playing now.
10,Oh, it's different from watching it at home. It's a masterpiece
10,Such a movie is called an immortal masterpiece
10,Perfect composition and effectiveness and King Arnold no one can replace! The Dark Knight was as bad as this.
10,The peak of science fiction movies that no one can touch
10,I can't forget the thumb at the end
10,Best Hollywood Movie of the Year
10,a textbook masterpiece  It's a wall you can't cross. How can you watch a movie like this?
10,I don't get tired of watching it many times and 2 hours and 30 minutes go by quickly
10,Has ta la vista baby....Asdala Vista Baby...
8,This is the logical devil's issue
10,You critics, you shouldn't try to score in this movie
10,I saw it at the theater yesterday and it's a masterpiece that will go down in history!!!
10,I just saw it As expected, it's a masterpiece even after time passes~~ Even though I already know everything, I enjoyed watching it thanks to the detailed composition and delicious production. But another ending is not good, so I think it would have been the best movie if it was the ending of the previous movie
10,A movie that makes you feel sorry even if you give 10 points. A movie well above the ones I gave you 10 points for
10,Awesome! 1!
10,I'm sure Terminator 2 is the best Terminator series
10,Further details are omitted.
10,It's one of the best movies of 1991!
10,One of the greatest masterpieces of my life...
10,I should've finished the second episode with the director's version.
10,The only movie that's so sad that I couldn't watch it in the theater. When this movie was released, I was 2 years old...I'm going to feel that emotion again at the theater when it's re-released. ㅠ
1,There's no grandiose thing
10,It's the best. I want to see it again
10,Shut up. Ten out of ten
10,I really enjoyed the movie even though I stood up when it was released.
10,I'm going to watch the re-release today. ㅠㅠ 10 points first
10,The best masterpiece in my memory
10,This movie is the best. No action movie can beat this movie
10,A movie I can't get enough of.James Cameron's best film ever.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it, right? I'm sick and tired of watching other masterpieces more than three times
10,This masterpiece is chosen on the ten fingers!
1,Are you kidding me? Are you making beef bone soup?Hah!
10,Will there be a movie like this in the future?The best movie of my life!!!It's a shame that I can't give you more than 10 points!
10,It's so much fun, JinJi... ChaeGo
10,The movie I watched when I was in 9th grade... The memories and emotions of that time are still alive. Unbelievable! I think some scenes are being added.
10,How many times have I seen it? I haven't counted since 100.There are a lot of A-list movies and the movie above the clouds is T2
10,Young-Wa, which I watched as a memory in high school. It's a masterpiece! A fun guy even if I watch it again!
10,It's a new feeling to see a masterpiece that I saw on video when I was young again in the theater. The special effects, which are not so awkward even now, are added with a large screen and a strong sound, making the fun and touching feel dozens of times bigger.
10,Hurry up and hit 10 stars.
10,It's a movie that's sad that I can't give more than 10
9,I came to watch CGV theater.It's fun
10,A masterpiece! This was made 20 years ago? That's amazing! A movie that you can't get tired of!
10,As far as I know, the additional scenes of Sarah Connor and John Connor cutting Arnold's head and pulling out a brain-acting machine... And in the Saracona armory, John Connor tells Arnold how people smile, and Arnold looks and imitates him, but the way he smiles is awkward
10,A movie that I'd like to do if I could be listed on UNESCO
10,Women cry over Titanic. Men cry at Terminator 2.
10,If you think it's boring, you're an elementary student.
10,What's the difference between the director's version? Well.
10,Good job! So many times I watch it,
10,Will there be another SF movie like this?
10,I watched it when I was young and cried at the end
10,It's really fun I want to see it again
10,There's no need to say! You're definitely the best!
10,The best SF action movie in the history!
10,Terminator 2 - this doesn't need words...It's just fun.Even though I've watched it dozens of times, it's still fun...
10,It's a masterpiece that broke the prejudice that there's no sequel like the original
10,Get down! Boom boom! RBW!No, no! Play the fleece!
9,The best movie that can't be forgotten
10,It's not just a masterpiece. Everyone has a reason. That's what a masterpiece is
10,Too bad I can only give you 10 points
10,Best Masterpiece with Titanic
10,It was a fantastic combination of James Cameron and Arnold, which was fun to watch more than three times, with the praise of the best masterpiece that overturned the history of science fiction at the time of its release!
10,In 1991, when the admission fee for Seoul Cinema Town was 2,500 won, the movie was sold out for 10,000 won, which was more expensive than now, and I watched it with a ticket, but after the movie, I was so proud of it, saying, "Wow!"
10,Stop!
10,The best masterpiece of my life. Frankly, there is no need for any other side-by-side explanations. I think you can just look and feel it.
10,James Cameron's monumental science fiction.
10,Feel the thrill and excitement again
10,Cameron's masterpiece against time, this is history
10,Of course, it's perfect. Is there a more fun movie?
10,It's true.  It's only been re-released in 22 years, but it's still new.
10,It makes me cry to finally see the sorrow that I didn't see in the theater in the 90s in 2013. The last ending when I was young. Thumb tears ㅜㅜ
10,What's the director's version? That sounds fun
10,A movie that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 10 times... I wish I could release a masterpiece like this again.
10,It's the best masterpiece that I can watch again
10,Almost the first movie that came to me when I was a kid watching Freshman. 10 points. No more words needed.
10,I just don't need words.a masterpiece
10,The day will come when I see masterpieces of this era in theaters
10,Even after 22 years, it's still the best
10,I think I've seen it 100 more times.But the more I watch it, the more interesting it becomes.
10,The best movie of my life.I can't believe the movie's coming back. I need you to get the theater ready
10,This is what's called a legend
10,I can't wait to see you again!
10,I think I saw this hidden ending in school, but the highway scene came out at the end, so John Connor and Connor's daughter were swinging in the playground and Sarah Connor was down, and the day of judgment didn't come Isn't this monologue ending? I think you erased this scene while making it under the assumption that you didn't make it three
10,There is no movie that I think is better than this one
10,May I see you again. Make sure to see it on the big screen!
10,I'm sorry to give you 10 points
10,It's a new era and the ultimate in science fiction movies! Marvel movies are so popular these days, but they're never as good as James Cameron's Term 2.
10,No words needed! Shut up and watch!
10,I honestly don't understand people who don't give me 5 stars
10,If the situation at the time of its first release had been as developed as it is now, it would have attracted 25 million viewers...
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't require words. I'd like to see it in theaters.
10,The highlight of this movie is this movie
10,Every scene makes you clench your fist and shake your whole body. The chase scene in the drainage of the large trailer vs motorcycle is truly unprecedented and never will be. Young people who are watching this movie for the first time must watch it!!
10,At that time, when I was in 6th grade of elementary school, I still can't forget it. I must watch it
10,Sigh... The best man...
10,James Cameron. He's not a genius, he's a god.
9,A movie that was made in 1991 is a masterpiece that you'll never see
10,It's more fun than the previous one. CG.That's amazing
10,"Kim Bo-sung's Drip" is a masterpiece that I can't forget because I watched it on video when I was young This movie made in that era has a lot more elements than the movies in this era, so watch it carefully
10,The last line of Terminator 2 is good bye. Please don't insist on i'll be back.
10,It's a masterpiece It's a legend
10,It's a movie that you can't stop watching
10,The movie is great, but I really liked the ending music
10,The best movie...
10,The best movie of my life. I've seen it dozens of times already. But it's fun every time I see it. I really want to give this movie 11 points.
10,Even though it has been 20 years, there is no doubt that it is a rare work that exudes sophisticated technology and high-quality quality that is not inferior to the current works.
10,Another masterpiece after Avatar!!!!
10,the cultural heritage of mankind.It's a precious metaphor
10,First year of high school...Excited and excited to wait after booking movie ticket with my friend..  The nostalgic memories of the Seoul Theater ^^
7,I'm a bit greedy to play T-100 (101?) as the main character of Arnold's acting, but... But the movie that I really enjoyed watching
10,Even if I don't watch it on November 14th, I already know that it's a masterpiece, so I give you 10 points. I'm not a part-timer, but was there a director's version?
10,I assure you, this movie is still a masterpiece.
10,It's the uncomfortable truth that most theaters have only 2D, even though I said it was the best SF movie in my life that I can't express in words.I managed to find a 3D movie theater and went to see it.Today, I changed the title from Terminator 2 3D to Terminator 2 Original
10,Wow, I made this kind of movie. Right now... What is it?
10,That's great. It's thrilling.
10,It's the funniest in the Terminator series
10,This is the movie.
10,The Terminator series should have ended in the second installment
10,Shut up, Terminator 2!
10,I'm back. Remastering...
10,It's no exaggeration to say that the movie that broke Hollywood's myth, which beat Hollywood's myth that there's no better sequel than the previous one, which makes a lot more profit than the first one, and is still the best in the Terminator series, is finally coming out
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,At the end of the first movie I cried after watching the movie, my thumb was enough to pull tears out of my eyes Also, the unique music is bbab bbab bbab bbab bbab bbab. This is really SF's Bible ㅜㅜ
10,Legend is not about scoring. It's just that the legend itself is a star
10,There is no point in rating this movie.
10,Shut up, little ones who haven't seen you
10,I think she's going to have a baby when she gets home. Ta-da!If you know what this means, Saturday's famous generation
10,This is a masterpiece
10,a masterpiece without words Cameron is the best...
10,There are so many good movies in the world, but I always think this movie is the best. James Cameron Your best movie is neither Titanic nor Avatar.
1,It's an old movie, and it's a long-running Terminator Volva. It's better to watch the new "Madoka" movie, the treasonous one.
9,It's the cultural property of mankind. I agree
10,It's not 10 points, but you have to give infinite ratings This movie is the best movie in the world of SF movies. 22 years later, I have never seen an SF movie that surpasses this movieBorn to be
10,Wait, what's wrong with the poster?;;
10,I don't think it used to be rated R, but it's released as 12 Anyway, this movie is a legend. 10 stars. Bang!
9,At the time of its release in 1991, the national students watched it on videotape, but it was really the best  Just being able to see this movie in theaters with a re-release is really the last chance I'll never come back   Wouldn't that be the best in the Terminator series?
10,I broke the second jinx.  I still remember copying T-1000 when I was in elementary school. Action, narrative, characters...Arnold's machine acting is the best. The Terminator series will continue to come out, and I'm sure you'll never get past two.
10,It's a masterpiece in the Super Jam series
10,I'll watch it when it's re-released! Haha
10,My favorite movie is No.1
10,Many old movies are being re-released these daysDunny is re-release this as well.
10,다녀올게
10,This is a masterpiece no matter how many times I see it! Edward Furlong is the best
10,네가 왜 우는지 알아
10,As I watched with more focus than 1, recent SF movies seem so unrealistic, but I am horrified that Terminator is actually possible enough
10,It was a movie 20 years ago, but I still remember it vividly.King of all SF movies. There is no more yet.  When I watch SF movies, what is the level comparison with T2?
10,Wow, I can't believe this masterpiece is in the theater again
10,I don't need words. I don't need to see
1,Joe, why are you re-
10,This masterpiece has been remastered!!!!ㅠㅠ You remastered a lot of masterpieces this year
10,Who will judge this movie?
10,My favorite and most watched movie of my life. There is no need for words.
10,Is this really a work of 20 years ago? It's the top of SF, and the future movie beyond this will no longer come out of film history. The reason why this movie is more of a masterpiece and creepy is that it can soon become a reality, not a fantasy
10,It might be too much, but I enjoyed it so much that I couldn't forget it. I want to keep it. Can we get it now?
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I didn't see it, but it smells like a masterpiece
10,a masterpiece among masterpieces I can't leave out Terminator 2...
10,I'll be back !! It's definitely the best!
10,You said you'd come back! You need to say the best oime
10,I miss you again!!! A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,It's just the best...lol
10,I still can't forget the scene where a bad Terminator runs and follows me.
10,assets to be passed on to future generations
10,It's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun, it's fun
10,Good, good. It's one of the masterpieces
8,I don't remember the story. It's definitely funny
10,God...This is the legend of SF
10,The only movie I've ever seen standing up
10,When Robert Patrick comes after me,
10,I love this movie so much!!
10,The best movie of my life, Terminator, was supposed to end in the second movie.
10,It's a masterpiece! ^^~
10,The first and second part of Terminator doesn't keep up
10,What do you need to say? It's the best!
10,Fancy action, meticulous story
10,It's the best. A masterpiece of the century that needs no more words.
10,Best Picture directed by James Cameron, a cultural heritage in the film industry
10,The legend of the movie industry is amazing
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
1,It's just a movie
10,Too bad it's not number one.Until the end of the world, there will only be a movie beyond this one, Jays Cameron.
10,The best masterpiece... I can't forget how touched I am
10,55 My mother's memory movie... It's a lot of fun.
1,not much
10,The best movie that doesn't need words. Let's not talk down this masterpiece with loyalty.
10,I dare say. This is a perfect movie.
10,The only movie I've seen more than five times
10,It's a masterpiece... I strongly recommend it
10,Our country can't make this kind of movie even after OO
1,I'm sorry, I'm sorry
10,When I was 7 years old, I watched the movie on VHS with my first year of middle school. I'm 29 years old, and I've seen him like 110 times.The first was a culture shock. Right now, it's literally touching!The best movie of my life. Terminator 2
10,What's the re-release? 10 points
9,[I'll Be Back!] I'll be back! (o_o) This movie sums it up.It is an SF work that is often aired on TV, but I think that the second part is well made to the point where I still feel that my immersion does not drop every time I see it even after a long time.
10,Astaravista baby
10,It was an opening movie when I was in middle school. I still remember one scene, one scene. At the time, the video store had a reservation box to rent this. If you count it now, it's a movie with 20 million viewers. It was incredible.L
10,I've seen it dozens of times, but it's a flawless movie. I've overcome all the makeup skills and CG that I lacked in Terminator 1, and it's entertainment and artistry. It is one of the best movies in 20c.
10,Alien 2, Terminator 2, Titanic, Avatar. One person named James Cameron made these movies. Someone below said it's a cultural heritage of mankind, and I think it should be designated as a cultural heritage of the Earth. I give you the highest praise that mankind can give
10,SF Action, which showed the full capabilities of James Cameron, who is ahead of his time, and Terminator, the most powerful character in Hollywood's history, will not be taken away from him. If it's not Arnold, who's gonna fill that spot?
10,Twenty-two years after watching it on video when I was in 4th grade, I still watch the Terminator series and the best movie of my life, T2. I still watch the un-made T2 DVD that I bought myself from the United States. Terminator 2 is really the best of the best.
10,It's been 22 years...lol
10,It's a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece
10,I didn't miss a moment for 2 hours and 26 minutes. I only watched Terminator 3 episodes, so I watched it from the 1st episode. It's a masterpiece
10,This is what a legend is
10,Best, no less than the previous one
10,Just good
10,First place in a movie that makes me sad that I didn't see it at the theater
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I watched the first movie while waiting in line when I was in middle school.It was really good.
10,Twenty-two years have passed and I still can't forget the intense memories and the shocking video
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's really the best...
10,Action movies or SF movies are always a mess or five minutes before the mess, so I hope I can do half of Terminator 2. Is there another movie that has such a perfect ending? It's amazing that the second episode is better than the first one.
10,Will there be another movie with this influence and force?
10,If the last line is memorable for the rest of my life and that's it,
10,Why are you terrorizing horoscopes?
10,다시 올거에요.
10,Hastaravista baby
10,The best movie of my life!
10,Ah, this movie is a memory I still watch it regularly
10,A must-see movie before you die
10,ㅕㅕ
10,the best movie
9,No matter how many times I watch it,
10,Avuvek
8,It was more fun than Terminator 1...
9,Good
9,Graphic stories are all over the ages. Didn't the film come from the future?
10,Good
10,You're gonna have to be number one
10,Wow, oh, oh, oh
10,It's awesome!
10,The best of the best...!
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,This is a movie that came out 22 years ago?
10,All the other movies in front of this movie are written
10,I just can't believe it was a movie 22 years ago. Ten million viewers are likely to come out now
10,Astara Vista, baby... ^^
10,다녀올게
10,One of the three major masterpieces (Star Wars, Terminator, Avatar) that changed the paradigm of science fiction movies. But the touching part is definitely the best!!!
10,This is what a movie is like
10,One of the best movies of the time no matter what!
10,It would have been even more successful if it came out now!
10,I can't believe it was made in the early 1990s.It's so touching. I've seen it many times and it's making my heart ache.
10,The scene in my head has changed the course of my life for six hours since I entered the theater in 1991 (I saw it three times in my seat because I didn't have a seat ticket at the time) and I've seen it more than 200 times.
10,The beginning and end of another Terminator series
10,It's so much fun
10,A movie that shows what an action science fiction movie is. Given that it was released in 1991, it shows how great James Cameron is.
10,The scene of the T1000 passing through the bars is sickening to see now
10,I don't need words
10,I can't lower a single point
10,It's a masterpiece
10,Perfection itself
10,Furlong's Successful Debut Personally, I like James Cameron's best film, and I can't believe that such a masterpiece came out in the '90s
10,It's the best...
10,This is a masterpiece
10,No words needed
10,the cultural heritage of mankind
10,It is amazing that they made this kind of movie at that time.
10,The movie that ranks first in my movie ranking
10,Ending scene... Is there a movie that is as touching as this one? I don't think there is.
10,Of course, this doesn't happen in reality. But let's live each day preciously
10,The movie is no joke. Make sure to watch it
10,When I was a kid, I saw this and I couldn't sleep because I was afraid the Terminator would break into my house.LOL
10,Even now, I think it's well-made. Fun guy
10,I think Terminator 2 is the only movie that was more popular than the first movie ever.
10,I can't forget the shock 20 years ago.
10,Although the film was made in the early 1990s, the story and immersion are unprecedented
10,This movie will become a reality everywhere
10,It's one of the top 10 I've ever seen. Barry Good
10,Cameron's best masterpiece has a few scenes of jade, but it's 100 times better than a fancy avatar just by looking at it.
10,It's cruel but funny
10,a revolutionary film
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,lol lol lol lol lol
10,Can't you give me 11 points?Haha
10,The best 5 movies in my life! One of the masterpieces that shocked Jurassic Park at that time was a masterpiece!!!
10,Needless to say, the best movie ever.
10,I watched it more than 50 times. You could've seen more. Arnold was 44 years old back then. Oh my...
10,It's my first time grading...The best movie of my life.
10,I still have it.I think it's the best movie.
10,Why is this movie 9.34? Shouldn't we get 10 points?
10,How did they make this kind of movie in that era?
10,Great
10,the best movie
10,It's been 20 years, but there are still few SF movies that can outdo this oneAvatar is also by James Cameroon, but except for graphics and 3D, it is behind Terminator 2.The only comparable thing is the early 90s Terminator, the late 90s Matrix?
10,Will Be Back is the best
8,The last scene of Terminator is still memorable.
10,The Best-Made Textbook of SF Action
10,If you look at it now, it's a boring story screen, but at that time, I want to say that it's the best to express villains using computer graphics
8,It was worth seeing.
10,When I was young, after watching this movie on Saturday, all the other movies on TV felt like B-class movies. The Terminator who made me feel that much difference in class
7,The furlong is really the truth at this time ㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's really nice. ㅜㅜ인데 It's exam season and I'm watching. I'm a middle school studentLOLㅋLOL I cried at the endI really like Jin
10,cool
10,cool
10,Will be back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,This movie is the legend of the movie industry. I watched it dozens of times and even memorized the lines in the original language.
10,Don't be so loyal. You fought for each other. What do you know?      If this movie is re-released, it will be great
10,It was 20 years ago, but it's not tacky even now.One of the best movies.
10,Good
7,It's fun. Objectively, I think this score fits me well.
10,It's amazing
10,It's totally great
10,다녀올게
10,It's the best! It's a masterpiece
10,Did I watch it 30 times?
10,At the time... I was shaking.
10,Thumbs that I will never forget in my life
10,I don't think this kind of movie will ever come out again
10,Best villain in movie history... T-1000
10,A movie that doesn't fall behind even if it comes out now
10,Do you need words?
10,It's fun even if you keep watching it
10,How do you make it like this at the time? It's amazing. That's great. James Cameron is really... Wow, awesome.
10,James Cameron's early work, which gave birth to the No. 1 Avatar and No. 2 Titanic, the box office rankings of all time! A masterpiece of a masterpiece that was considered to have opened a new horizon for computer graphics when it came out in 1991
10,It's the best movie ever
10,a little girl
10,More than 20 years have passed, but no action movie has been released beyond this movie. I think it'll continue to be like that.
10,The scene of the T1000 running is still vivid
10,최고야
10,Perfection
10,One of the best movies of my childhood
10,It is a textbook-like film of all SF/action/thriller(?) that exists in the world, although it lacks story and horror than the first one. I totally agree with someone that movies in the world are divided before and after Terminator 2.
1,What
10,The best movie of my life
10,That's amazing.
10,It's the best
10,It's the best... There's no need for words... Actually, it's hard for the sequel to be better than the previous one. Terminator 2 is a sequel that goes beyond the prequel
10,Look
10,When I first saw it, I thought it was released recently. It's a really big movie
10,Even if time passes, it's a masterpiece
10,Hahaha
10,Terminator 2 pack
10,The masterpiece of the century, with James Cameron's genius unleashed without regret!!!!! I don't get sick of it and I'm moved every time I watch it
10,A movie that I watched dozens of times on public TV. A movie that I can't get enough of even after watching dozens of times
9,It was the funniest of the series, and the graphic-villain was attractive and nice.
10,It's a sequel that's beyond the original that's hard to watch!
10,It's a long time ago, but it's better than the present
10,It's fun to watch it again. It's a legendary masterpiece
10,Is there an SF movie that surpasses this movie?
5,The film is well worth it just for leaving a video of Edward Furlong's sculptural beauty
10,The best horror movie
10,A movie I've seen more than ten times.It's really fun and cool even when I watch it now!Arnold Schwarzenegger's is so cool
10,There's no room for a crazy renaming movie
10,The most persistent villain I've ever seen! When I was a kid, I was like, "Please die, T-Chun!" lol
10,It was a movie where Arnold's dry voice shone.The best............
10,Let's win back first place
9,I can't believe it's been 91 years. It's great to see it again. Best Hollywood action movie ever
10,The shock itself
10,Arnold is the best
1, well
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,My favorite work in the Terminator series
1,I got it's
10,the greatest blockbuster of the day Don't discuss a masterpiece without watching this movie.
10,Bbbbbbb is the best
9,My favorite in the Terminator series... And Arnold's thumb touched me.
1,The main character is ridiculous
1,It's because Arnold is so dumbfounded.
10,My favorite movie
10,Masterpiece ㅜㅜ
10,It is the most interesting movie in the Terminator series that has been released so far, and persistent and tense actions made me immersed. And I was most impressed and moved when the scene of thumbs up came out in the second half of the movie.
10,I don't really enjoy action movies. Is this really a 1991 movie? Perfection.
10,I remember the movie
10,The best movie of my life.
10,The Academy won 64 awards in 1992 for sound, sound effects, visual effects, and makeup.a textbook for science fiction movies that require no wordsIt's been 20 years since it came out, but I haven't seen such an SF movie yet.The story is strong and CG was completely killed at that time, and there are few films that excel in the prequel, but Terminator 2 is an exception.
10,Good
10,I think I saw it about 500 times. But I don't get tired of it. (Shaking)
10,a perfect and best movie
10,Terminator is up to 2. After that, the message that I want to deliver is just an unknown SF action movie.
9,OST, weight, action, everything. It's a movie released in 1991, but why is the special effect better than the one in Korea now?
10,Can you believe it's 91 years old?  It is the greatest masterpiece of the century that no one can deny
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life
10,비
10,The best movie of my life! The best!
10,Top
10,I can't believe you're trying to make a masterpiece like this.
10,I got goose bumps when I saw some of the best works. The movie didn't stop eating chicken from the lava scene to the end of the ending credits. This has never happened before.
10,The best movie of my life. The best character of my life. The best science fiction in my life.
10,The story is good. The legendary handsome guy, Edward Furlong's debut drama
10,Oh! The smell of the sequins is going all the way here
10,I don't think there's a movie that's more than one or two. If you say there is, you've never seen a movie or bought a mouthpiece
10,Best SF Action Movie
10,Even after 22 years, it's still amazing! Masterpieces are timeless!!!
10,It just doesn't come out like you saw it. the greatest masterpiece
1,Loyalty Day
1,That's ridiculous
10,Ilbe Go Home
10,I saw it by chance because it was on TV.^^ It was so much fun^^
10,an immortal masterpiece
10,The best movie I've ever seen...
1,We're 1% short
10,i8
1,Day of Judgment
1,The robots are ridiculous
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece an incredible masterpiece that gives you goosebumps And don't cut the ratings, you guys
10,The tension is the best ever. It was so much fun
10,If you don't give 10 points to this movie, what would you give 10 points to?
10,Again today, a gang of people who are uselessly entering the movie bulletin board and polluting masterpieces
10,The best movie of my life
1,Can a mere robot really discuss loyalty?
10,Don't go to Terminator, right, OOOs?
1,Actual Combat Power: Bosung-hyung > Terminator
10,Alien Predator I've never seen more interesting than the masterpiece when I was a kid.
5,Oh, damn it. Arnold's loyal, but I'll give you 5 points, not 1 for Bosung
10,a movie in which a machine can't give a zero point
10,Who gives 1 point? Everyone has it
10,I remember watching it when I was young.  It was so sad that I felt bad... ...and it was a masterpiece of a masterpiece that I could never see again
10,I don't think it's right to give 1 point to Terminator 2
10,A movie that can't be taken down
8,Terminators are not meant to be loyal LOL But I'm a machine, so I'll give you 8 out of 10
10,The machine is so powerful. 10 points
6,You're a robot, you know what, but think of it as a can robot
1,You said you'd be back ㅠㅠ
10,Loyalty that comes back in Terminator 3! Loyal Terminator
10,Even though the Terminator was a machine, you guys kept John Connor until the end, and you died This should be considered a duty
10,I really enjoyed watching Season 1. I'm looking forward to Season 2
1,If you're a robot, you're supposed to fly. You're not loyal
10,Top
1,I said I'd be back, but I didn't It's dashing.
1,It's impossible
1,I'll just die. What do you mean I'll come back?
1,It's too big!
1,They're not loyal
1,Terminator, you're an enemy, you're a traitor, you're a friend!
1,This violent, war glorified doggy film doesn't allow us Ouyuans more than a point in conscience, ahem ㅠㅠ
1,an overrated movie
1,Zola is a strong robot, but she has no loyalty.
1,A robot doesn't know what to do, so 1 point
1,A movie with no loyalty... I had no choice but to shout after watching this movie. "Where's your loyalty?"
1,How can a mere robot know the loyalty between men and men? That's why 1 point
1,You're not loyal?
1,I don't know what his loyalty is  My score is
10,Do you need words?
10,It's the best masterpiece
10,Let's control the score. We need to win
10,I can't forget the shock of watching this movie for the first time in my childhood
10,Amazing Cg and story for now. Crazy directing, tension, perfect OST, realistic, realistic action, and exquisite casting, as well as warnings about machine civilization and touching humanity. It's a flawless movie and one of the top 5 masterpieces of the 20th century
10,The best movie ever!
10,All the actors in this movie are perfectly imbued with each role, directing, composition, OST, etc..Everything is impeccable.
10,I was so immersed in the scene and acted in the CG story. Everything was the best.There's no need for words.I've seen all the movies that I've chosen as the best in the world, but I'm one of the top three
10,Good, very good
10,It's a shame that fewer and fewer movies make you immersed throughout
10,As expected, it is one of the eternal masterpieces in the history of movies ^^
10,Top
1,유Yubi bag
10,If you look at the most successful Terminator and the last bonus ending of the Terminator series, there is no nuclear war
10,James Cameron is a god.
10,How many times have I watched this movie again and again? It's a movie that really marked a milestone in the world of action!
10,The movie I watched when I was young is good to watch now
10,20C The Best Masterpiece.
10,I think I've seen it more than 50 times
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's signature movie.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,돌아올 것이다.
10,See you 10 times, see you 10 years later.
10,L
10,Terminator 2 alone was the best, but it was a fantastic goal by the perfect assist of the previous film.
9,Bill Gates. Steve Jobs.Steven Spielberg.Four James Cameron admits.
10,He he
10,To be honest, I think I can compete with the movies that came out now. It was that much fun and it is a legendary movie that I will not get tired of even after time passes.
10,I can't keep up with this movie
10,I haven't seen my favorite movie yet The movie that leaves a lot of lingering emotions is really the best. People who give low ratings here are the ones who don't know the beauty of movies
10,It's just the best ㅜㅜ
10,It's my first time seeing a movie that sucks it up to the end.
10,I remember crying while watching the ending when I was in 9th grade. It's just the best
10,123213125415 underneath is a real trash lol dog ㄹ을16 161
10,You've got a lot of psychopathic surplus at the bottom. You've got ID, you've got a lot of ratings, you've got a lot of things
10,Where did the ridiculous logic come from that domestic film should be number one.Don't give me too much credit
10,Let's not lower the GPA LOL That's why you're criticized for Naver's rating. Why do you cut such a masterpiece? 2 was Terminator and 3rd and 4th is Robot War for Eyes Robot War
10,A masterpiece is a masterpiece. Let's not lower the score
1,Let's control the score. We need to win first place in Korean movies
1,I think my rating for "Star Room" is too high
1,I was bored...
1,Let's show some foam
1,The movie is okay, but the rating is so high
1,I don't like it;;
9,I fell in love with the movie and even liked Edward Fallon. It's because this person doesn't work out well either
10,Aside from the fact that such a movie came out at this time, it's incredibly difficult to make a well-organized film with the themes of SF, action, drama, thriller, adventure, and the end of the world. I think he's better than Titanic
10,Is it comparable to the movies that come out these days?
10,The only movie that still lingers in my mind when I was in elementary school
10,The best trick legend
10,You have to watch the first and second episodes in a row to understand. I was confused after watching the second episode
1,Avatar Forever
10,No explanation required
10,If it's fun, it'surely
10,I don't get tired of watching it more than 10 times. Every line is a famous line.When I was young, I thought it was just a movie with gun battles and action, but when I grew up, it was a really philosophical movie.
10,Do I need to say anything? It's not enough to give 10,000 out of 10. I salute Cameron for producing the best movies of my life!
10,James Cameron's best film, this allowed Arnold to rise It's a masterpiece for me
10,A masterpiece that is hard to come out again. The best movie ever!
10,Let me ask you a question. Do you need words?
10,Leave out any further words.
10,Story+probability+special effects+cg+makeup+actress+messages+moving+relativeness of the times, there is no movie in the world that can beat this movie
10,Wow... there's no need for words
10,That's amazing. That's about 90's CG. And the last scene... The scene that most people around the world know...I can't forget it.
10,Wow...! It couldn't be better. Fantastic lol lol)
10,It's been a long time since I saw you on TV. It's the best. I can't get enough of you. I really respect the directorL
10,I didn't know, but it's amazing to hear that it was a movie 20 years ago. The quality is incomparable to the ridiculous SF in Korea
10,Is there no 11 points?
10,It was such a persistent and creepy character that I couldn't get a clue how to kill Terminator T-1000. CG is high quality for a movie 20 years ago, and the story is solid. Terminator should have ended at 2. Let's all watch "The Chronicles of Sarah Connor" instead of "The Ruined Three and Four"
10,It's a ridiculous movie
10,This is a movie 22 years ago? Even if it comes out now, I'll kill
10,It's so much fun
10,John Connor looks like a sculpture and pretty
10,Liquid liver was the best project at this time
10,Master James Cameron's best directing science fiction movie! Best sequel to the previous one!
10,Go up, go up
10,Good, good, good. Terminator 1 and 2 were made before I was born. It's really incredible. James Cameron is great. But it's not going into the lava from Wilby Bag.
10,10 points
10,What's amazing about seeing it as a child and looking back as an adult is that the famous line "I'll be back" is not when you go into lava, but when you shoot a machine gun.
10,the beginning and end of a science fiction film
10,There's a five coming out. I watched 1 to 4 again today, but there's no masterpiece like 20 Really;;
10,There is nothing to give but ten points.
10,I was so immersed in this movie when it was released. It's still the best
10,The memories of the old memories
8,Is he doing well these days?You're so charismaticL
10,Much more fun and great movie than godfather
8,A sign on the leg of the chase called cause 9.11.shivering
10,It's the best of the Terminator series
10,I watched it again and again because you showed it on TV, and it's really fun to watch it again and again. 91 is a time I don't even remember. That's amazing. I think it's the best second movie.
10,One of the most interesting movies in the world. The novel scenario is full of drama and spectacular action and attractions. And even though it is an action and SF movie, not a horror movie, "Tension" holds the viewers' breath throughout the movie. the perfect Hollywood blockbuster
10,Not only is James Cameron perfecting everything that he couldn't express in the first part because of the limitations of technology. The natural theme of "value of life" that humans should have was conveyed through "Terminator." I think this movie will go down in history even after 100 years
10,Awesome last one. Wow. So funny ㅜㅜ
10,That's great... the movie that changed my life.
10,The best movie of my life
9,It's so much fun to see you score goals again, even if you know what's going to come out in the end
10,Why did I just watch this? So funny
10,It's the headquarters of an action movie. The fact that 2013 is still fun is also interesting.
10,It's gone now. It's Saturday at 10pm. I don't get tired of watching it every week. Movies that I want to watch
10,Oh, Will Be Back Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,deserving what the name stands for
10,It's good that I can't express everything in writing, my horoscope expresses my feelings for you, but it's sad that it's hard to see the same force as Arnold's part 2 anymore
10,Even after some time, it's the best masterpiece
9,The first film to bring James Cameron to the top of Hollywood
10,One of the best SF action movies. Cameron's best work with Alien 2.
10,The first movie I watched when I was in elementary school is Terminator 2, and even though I'm 22 years old, I still can't get enough of it It's the best masterpiece
1,I yawned and sighed the whole time I watched. Old-fashioned gun fight, third-rate
10,The best movie of my life
10,I'm so sorry that I can only give you 10 points. Best directing, actor, music... I still answer Terminator 2 without hesitation when asked what is the best movie of your life now and forever
10,but
10,Great movie, best sequel, no modifier to describe this movie, the movie industry is divided into before Terminator 2 and after Terminator 2, a movie that is still as good as it is now! 20 years ahead! 1 Sanitary Best movie to keep!
10,10 points is out of 10... 1,000 points... I don't care~~
10,When I was young, I was a future boy, Conan.  Terminator when I was a student.  Did they taste the crab?
10,What words are needed?
10,BEST OF BEST
10,The most interesting work in the Terminator series, I think it is a great work in many ways
9,It's just like that now, but at that time, I was sick just looking at the skull ㅠㅠ I think I was more sick because I was young. There's also a Sarah Connor chronicle drama, but this reminds me of a movie. And on second thought, it was a good story match. Anyway, Terminator 2 is the best!
10,This is a movie from 20 years ago?  너무 It's so dope
10,If I were the third and fourth director, I would never make it
10,It's a movie to watch
10,It's always fun
10,In 2012, 20 years later... show the true face of the Terminator
10,It's been 20 years since the movie was released, but it's still a masterpiece. It's a masterpiece, so the reviews for the follow-up are even lower
10,It's been 10 years since it was released, but it's still good
10,SF to beat this is really rare.
10,There's nothing missing from the movie
10,It's one of the best movies that's still fun to watch
10,The best movie of my life
10,Good, good, good
10,Do you need any further explanation?
10,It is a national movie. How many times have I watched it?
10,Terminator Good
10,This is called an action movie
10,Kim Mamae is the best
9,This is the most fun in the series.
10,I can't help but give him a thumbs up like Arnold.
10,Oh my god
10,appoint a person to one's post
10,I think it is one of the best movies ever.A masterpiece of a masterpiece.It's just amazing. Even though it's already been 10 years...
10,최상의, 제일 좋은
10,The Hope and Future of the Machine Man Realizing Humanity
10,Terminator 2 is as interesting as it sounds.
10,The people I saw in the theater at that time were the lucky ones of the times.
10,legend
10,a substantial terminator's final version The best SF super action movie. This was the best time.
10,The tsunami of emotion...I remember
10,If you didn't watch it, watch it. And say a word.
10,It's just perfect.
10,ㅜㅜ I know why you're crying. Only humans can do this
9,I think the first part is better
10,Ten is not enough
10,I remember watching it again and again when I was young
10,It's a movie that I'll never forget The greatest work of my life
10,Terminator series is the best!A movie that doesn't feel tacky after all these years!
10,I dare say it's the best movie of my life now.
10,What do you need to say? It's the best movie ever.
10,It's always fun and scary. It's the best movie
10,A movie 20 years ago... is this???
10,There is no need for words.
10,Do I need to say something? A movie that will go down in history...
10,It's great even now
10,Is there no masterpiece like this?
10,It's so much fun
10,Arnold is funny
10,It's a masterpiece
10,Among the masterpieces, the movie 21 years ago, Steven Spielberg also made Jurassic Park after watching the graphic Hah!
10,You don't have to tell me
10,It's a masterpiece. I feel like I'm giving you 10 points Even the boring elements in the middle were recovered with hot chase and combat scenes, and above all, the idea and scenario are good, so it is immersive It's a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,Top
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,When I was young, Dad, that's too weak Oh, that's expensive and that's cheap robot LOL
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,I can't believe a movie like this was made in 1991 - it's a real immortal
10,I was shocked when I was young and moved when I became an adult
10,It was made in 1991, but it's a masterpiece in 2012 and it's going to be a masterpiece in the background.
10,It's not a rating to think about it
8,Cameron's Alien 2 looks better now
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,You don't have to say anything else. You're the best
10,the best movie
10,Good
10,The most fun in the Terminator series
10,Arnold's Best Film
10,Top
10,다녀올게
10,좋아요.
10,Video beauty, theme, action, three combinations are close to perfection
9,Come back!
10,Seriously...
9,You're the best! The Terminator will only get cursed at
10,I can only see Edward Fallon...
10,This movie is always awesome...LOL Every time, the point to watch changes
10,It's a really interesting movie even now.
10,a wordless film
10,Who on earth has a rating of less than 10? ^^ A movie that doesn't need a lame explanation. Directed by James Cameron. I hope he doesn't kill himself like Tony Scott.
10,좋아요.
10,Wow, it was the best movie of my life
10,a rewritten work
10,The movie Terminator is awesome!
10,The best movie of my life
10,Who else is crazy about graphic jokes after watching a movie in 1991?I think it's really a masterpiece when it comes to graphics, stories, fun, and action that are proportional to the times.
10,It was the best I've ever seen It makes me keep watching...
10,The best SF movie I've ever seen
9,I was shaking while looking at the liquid liver.
10,Legend
10,That's truly incredible.
10,Good
10,잘 했어, 돈!
10,I knew it
10,Compared to the SF movie that comes out 20 years later, it's fun to watch CG processing and solid storage gold, but people who saw it at the time of its release must have hit Kamura.
10,It's fun to watch it again! As expected, James Cameron! The first and second episodes are really masterpieces!
10,a timeless masterpiece That incredible imagination, that CG, that brilliant scenario, that humanity...
10,Good
10,The best SF movie ever!Fun and touching tsunami!Watch and judge!Why is it still on cable after 20 years!!!The best science fiction movie of the 20th century that no longer needs words!!!!!
10,The best is for this.
10,I can't believe it was a movie 20 years ago. It's not a forced development, it's a scenario, it's a warm heart for the Terminator. It's the best movie ever.
10,It's the best.
10,It is difficult to renew the destructiveness and creativity that were given to the era at that time.
10,The best Youngho of my life
10,James Cameron's idea is, of course, the best movie director
10,The top three SF movies I think are element 5, Matrix, Terminator
10,Is there no more than 5 stars?
10,The best movie I've ever seen! Robert Patrick and Arnold's demented performance is the point
10,좋아요.
10,It's fun
10,It's a masterpiece that doesn't need words
10,the best movie without words
10,The best movie of my life
10,When I was a kid, I recorded a video of it on TV, and I watched it a few times
10,Terminator is my friend ^^
10,The best movie of my life!!!!!
10,It's a movie that reminds me that machines aren't always cold
10,Don't just skip it because it's from '91. You have to watch it at least once
10,It was perfect up to here. Why on earth did three and four come out?
10,It's the best. I don't need words
10,There's no need for words.
10,That's awesome!
10,It's a science fiction masterpiece
10,The best terminator. Is there anything else to say?
10,I can't get enough of the Terminator series.…I hope 5th episode comes out soon!
10,the greatest sf masterpiece of the 20th century
10,Schwarzenegger's best movie and the best movie in the world!
10,a masterpiece without words
10,The Dark Knight is no match
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! A movie that doesn't waste of 10 points
10,a masterpiece
10,A very interesting masterpiece movie!
10,Legend
10,I can't believe it was made in 1991. It's a masterpiece
10,"Terminator 2" is one of the best movies of my life
10,Indeed, the composition of the scenario and the individuality of the unique characters are exquisitely mixed, allowing you to focus without relaxing for a moment. It's a rare movie. It's made three or four movies melt
10,Wow, how did this movie come out?
10,gut, exorcism
10,Those days were very good.
10,The more you watch it, the more you're surprised that it's
1,Governor, this is the worst movie ever.
10,돌아올 것이다.
10,Production costs, Arnold fuel: Part I (1984) - $6.4 million, Part 75,000 / Part 2 (1991) - $100 million, Part 3 of revenue (2003) - $200 million, 25% of first-week earnings
10,You do not know much about this movie. The first one was $6.4 million.Terminator 2 had over $100 million in production costs in 1991.It would have been the first Hollywood movie to surpass $100 million.
10,a masterpiece beyond the ages
7,Power over time that doesn't feel like an old movie.
10,SF of the most tragic story
10,It was a movie that was done 21 years ago, but the impression of that day came back to life
10,Wow, I almost couldn't go to the bathroom because of the liquid terminator when I was young, but I'm going to get sick of it again ㅠㅠ EBS, but I deleted too much
10,Top
10,I'm going to lose it ㅠㅠ 명 It's a masterpiece ㅠㅠㅠ
10,EBS did it for me, so I watched it again after a long time. It's a masterpiece. I can't believe it's 91 years old.
10,The out-of-date graphics, Arnold's bursting macho body, Patrick's creepy mindless eye sight, Edward Furlong's handsome boy appearance, Linda Hamilton... the acting skills of a female mother who is on the same wavelength as Sigourney Weaver. This whole thing is the best. Until now and in the future.
10,Even if I look at it again, the liquid gold horse is so cute. So refreshing
10,Why is the score low for this?
10,The best movie of my life!- I don't know if it's on EBS. - But it's on CGV at 3pm
10,This is 91 years old, but it's still amazing
10,It's been a while since I watched it on TV. The sadness and tears at the ending...It's a masterpiece! One of the best movies of my life since my elementary school days!
10,What kind of Marlboro gave me a low GPA?
10,Needless to say, it's always the best
10,Best movie in history that can't come out with Shawshank Escape
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen ^_^
10,It's the best
10,You're the best!
10,It's the best movie no matter how many times I watch it.
10,It's really "Terminator" Sung-nim's exam! Ji- Ji-Ji-Ji-Ji!
10,I can't believe it's a 1991 movie. Will Terminator have this kind of fun again?
10,Will Be Back
10,It's worth saying it's a national movie
10,My age is 32... When I was in 6th grade... I remember watching it from the front seat with my hair cut because I heard that middle school students can watch it.
10,Terminator 2 is complete
10,From the opening to the ending, it's a perfect work of art
9,That's nice
10,the best movie of my life
10,You have to watch the first one to know that the second one is a masterpiece. But the first one is also a masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life. I saw him for the first time in middle school and I think I saw him about 70 times
10,I'm tearing up
10,Another History of Director Cameron's History in Film History Around the World
10,Even to say that this movie was the best is an ordinary expression!
10,I don't understand anyone who didn't give me a 10 rating
10,a film from the late 2000s that came out in the early '90s
10,LOL I have a Korean dubbing for this, but the casting is so funny
9,The movie mercilessly broke the myth that the sequel is worse than the previous one
10,The best movie of my life. Dark Knight is the only movie that felt as good as this movie
10,No movie beats the shock of watching Terminator 2 for the first time.
10,The best movie I can't even judge.
10,It's a movie that can't be expressed in words.
10,A movie that you can't get tired of watching. It's the best
10,Terminator... It's been 20 years, but I haven't seen a better SF movie than Terminator 2
10,If you didn't see this, you'd have to die.
10,I just... I just have to use exclamations
10,That kid, Edward Furlong, was so handsome in his prime L
10,Wow they came
10,I think I'm lucky to see it when I was young It's still touching. Director James Cameron's masterpiece!
9,I didn't know that I would cry while watching SF movie.
10,The battle between the legendary liquid robot and Arnold with SF action has long been in my head.
10,I really don't understand anyone who says it's rubbish It's the best science fiction movie
10,I've never seen a science fiction movie better than this Hah!(Shaking)
10,다시 올거에요.
10,It's... it's the best piece that doesn't need words now. I'll be back~
10,The best movie of all time!
10,This is 20 years ago? It's going to be a hit if it's released now.
10,The beginning and the end of SF
10,deserving what the name stands for
10,A legendary movie that cries while watching
10,This movie is the best action movie that must be re-released in 3D or 4D
10,A movie that must be re-released in 4D!
10,The reason this movie is a masterpiece is not because of action
10,It's a movie that's way ahead of its time. It's a good movie to release now
10,I'm here to review it one more time
10,The guy who says this isn't funny doesn't know how to watch movies.
10,There's no movie more interesting than this.
10,Edward Furlong is the truth ㅠㅠ♥♥♥♥♥
10,When Arnold was a thumb, I held my thumb up.
10,No matter how many times I watch this movie, there is no other movie as high quality as this one!! What a masterpiece!
10,I can't forget. The last scene
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,What a masterpiece! It's so hard to make movies these days.
10,It's the 4,444th time!
10,The most interesting movie in the series
10,The best movie of my life.There is no more interesting movie in the world!
10,I watched it 20 years later, but it's still fun.
10,It's from 1991. If it's re-released, I'll definitely watch it. I'll watch it twice
10,Wow, it's so much fun even if it's been a while. Masterpieces are different, but they're different.
7,James Cameron completes his experimental work. The movie showed the excellence of graphic technology
10,Director, Special Effects, Perfect Story, Arnold Schwarzenegger as Terminator makes this movie the best.
10,Terminator, forever
10,I want to see you again!
10,I am grateful to be alive.
10,a timeless masterpiece
10,It's fun.
10,The best in the series
10,A masterpiece that never changes over time.
10,I'm only one, but this big movie won't come to me again.
10,Perfect movie, the most interesting movie.
7,Why? Why? It was all 10 points, so I looked at it. It's
10,Isn't it the best work that has been leading SF movies for over 20 years?
10,This is a very good sequel, and it's so much fun. If you haven't seen it, watch it
10,Top
10,James Cameroon is not a man
10,an immortal masterpiece
10,Cameroon, you can't go beyond this movie
10,James Cameron's Biggest Masterpiece
10,Can Korea make a movie like this?A masterpiece among masterpieces
10,One of the most interesting movies I watched
10,The Terminator series is all fun and especially the second one is touching
10,Ten points is not enough. It's a movie that's really ten years ahead. I've seen this more than six times.
10,It sounds good.
10,You said that the famous lines in the scene were cool
10,Of course, I remember watching the pirated video before the movie was released in 1991
10,The movie that I really enjoyed watching in science class
10,It's a good CG, solid story, and perfect development.
10,A movie that you can't get enough of. A really cool movie.
10,You're really the best
10,Nice sunglasses
9,The movie that was really interesting was Edward Fallon so handsome that movie that came out in my dream every day after day
10,Totally! It's fun! It's the best!
10,The best of the best!
9,I'm back! Pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat
10,It's fun to watch a few times
10,one of the few big hit movies that will be released now
10,This is the best
1,It's amazing! It's a masterpiece
10,a masterpiece showing a better sequel than the previous one But the sequel to 3rd and 4th episodes...
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,It is the most interesting movie I have ever seen
10,Two is a legend, but from three... Phew
10,The greatest sf movie of its time! It led the mechanical boom with another box office hit, Robocop Directed, moved, action is the best
10,It's the best
10,Fun
10,It's not even a legend. It's literally a myth
10,a timeless masterpiece
8,It is a movie that perfectly directs the viewer's five senses.
9,Legend
10,This movie is... Literally, legend
10,The first movie I saw the day I bought my first video! (Singing "J")
9,The first movie I watched in elementary school.
10,James Cameron's Best Picture
10,It's really a masterpiece! Jenager!
10,It was the most fun of the Terminator series.
9,The movie that even the crying kid ends in no time...Terminator...
10,I've seen it countless times, but it's still exciting and touching even after more than 20 years. It's a masterpiece!
10,A trick beyond generations that allowed us to realize what true humanity is through a bleak future!
10,There's a second movie here. A masterpiece by James Cameron
9,1 and 2 are really masterpieces.
10,The Best Series
10,Arnold, Linda Hamilton, and Robert Patrick and Edward Pearlon's feats stand out
10,The Terminator started from the second part Good
10,No.1.
10,10 points considering that it was a movie 20 years ago. A masterpiece is fun even after time passes.
10,I strongly recommend the most interesting movie in the world. It's touching
10, masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, fine piece
10,There's no need for words
10,Both fun and touching...
10,This must be 10 points.
10,It's a fun movie no matter how many times you watch it! It's really amazing. You're the best!
10,The most famous movie in the world!!! What a touching movie!
10,The best five movies of my life. Last night, OCN did it again, so it's spring again.
10,A movie that doesn't fall off even if you watch it now!
10,The best movie of my life
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger, how could there be a movie like this?
10,The best masterpiece...Edward Furlong is so handsome crying
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger + James Cameron = Terminator
10,You're the best
10,You must have been appalled at this time.It's totally amazing
10,That's a lot of fun.
10,Oh, do you really need words? James Cameron's SF is greater than any other art film
10,Do you need words? It's a waste to say that a movie that never gets tired of watching it a hundred times is the best
10,It was a culture shock for me to watch Ureume every year during vacation
10,I have never seen such an interesting movie.
10,A movie that always makes your heart flutter
10,The best movie of my life!
10,It's the best
10,Why have I never seen such a masterpiece before?I saw it on your boyfriend's recommendation, but I'm crying
10,The word "best" is not enough, let alone wasteful. I've seen it more than 20 times, but I can't get enough of it.
10,I don't get sick of it even if I keep watching it.When I watch TV, I watch Terminator or movie channel first.
10,The best movie of my life! I think I've seen Terminator 20 more times
10,If you watch the last scene, you'll get teary
10,Oh, you didn't grade this. 10 points
10,A really well-made movie... Out of 10, it's more fun when you watch the first episode
10,It's fun
10,It's a big movie that you can't imagine
10,I can't believe it's 91 years old. It's the greatest science fiction thriller. By far the best in the series
10,It is a legend of SF.
10,The best SF movie...a masterpiece
10,There's only one movie that's the equivalent of Titanic, and it's this one.
10,a legendary film proving that Cameron is a genius
10,The story is so good. Arnold Schwarzenegger, respect.
10,It's really fun
10,If you haven't seen this movie, please watch it.
10,It's the best.
10,There is no need for words. One person who wants to know why the score is not 10 points
10,Best movie like Jurassic Park!
10,I still watch it when I think of it, but I still haven't seen it as great as this movie!
10,Let's not ignore the sequel.
10,This is 10 points.
10,The first movie I watched with my mother in the movie theater was the best movie ever.ㅜㅜ
10,It's the best masterpiece that broke the prejudice that there's no second movie better than the first one!
10,Legend, do well again!
10,Good
10,Further details are omitted.
10,I don't know. It's so sad
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,There is no need for words.
10,A hard-to-see masterpiece that penetrates the 20c horse, as did Ben-Hurna and Godfather before
10,The sequel is doomed when Cameron is in the hands of the film; it's so outstanding that it's no more fun than that
10,I really enjoyed the movie. It's a masterpiece. ^^
10,It's not a legend. It's a legend
9,Top
9,Larger scale and more sophisticated imaging technology
9,one of the few sequels to surpass the prequel
10,It's the best.
10,Legend.
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece!
10,The first movie I watched since I was born is Terminator 2 lol It's still fun to watch.
10,앉아라!
10,You're the best!
10,It's fun. I downloaded it
10,Astara Vista Baby
10,the best movie
10,A masterpiece that wouldn't have objected to winning an Oscar. Scenario, production, attraction, acting are all perfect.
9,All I can say is that it's the best.
10,That's amazing
10,"I know why you're crying"_ T2! 20 years later, it's a masterpiece
10,I've watched this more than 50 times, but when I'm changing channels, I don't need to say anything
10,It's a fun but touching and lingering movie.
10,A movie that made Arnold a superstar
10,You're the best!
10,You're the best without saying a word
10,Will Be Back
10,Best................
10,In 1995, when I was in the second grade of elementary school, I saved money to borrow this.
10,The best number one movie of my life.
10,The best movie of my life, Terminator 2!!!!!!!!!
8,The best -_- dot! All the big movies have fun in the intro and trash in the back
10,That's cool. Good
10,give a horoscope for Terminator 2's 20th anniversary T2 Forever!
10,This isn't a movie, is it?It's so much fun. It's like a new movie. Good!
10,It was made in 1991. It's actually a future work that Cameroon made in 2091?
10,It's the best movie ever
10,The movie that left an impression at the end
10,The most interesting movie I've ever seen, regardless of genre
10,Best Masterpiece Beyond Titanic
10,Everything is a perfect action movie
10,The best!
10,It's the best movie ever
10,It's just the best
10,A masterpiece that you can't get enough of no matter how many times you watch it
10,Don't overplay the best movie. The best should be given to a movie like this! Best action movie ever.
10,It's by far the best James Cameron film ever. Avatar, Beyond Titanic
10,the best movie in name and reality
10,This is just the best...
10,I can't believe this is '91.Unbelievable! You have to give me at least 50 stars
10,It's the best ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's still a masterpiece.
10,Best in the Terminator series
10,There's no need for words. If you haven't watched it yet, watch it for yourself
10,Even if you came out today, you're the best in your class
10,It's a 1991 film.......................................................
10,I can't even think of a Terminator without the second part.
10,It's hard to evaluate.
10,a long-lasting masterpiece be ten points short
10,He's the best of Terminator
10,The best actors, the best stories, actions, and even the most touching!!!
10,What words are needed in this movie?
10,I'm much better than three idiots.
10,A movie that is more thrilling than 1
10,LOL... I don't know if it'll come out once in 100 years.No words needed for the movie
10,There are many 10-point movies, but there is no movie like Terminator 2.
10,James Cameron enriches many people's lives.
10,an immortal masterpiece
10,Elementary school kid who gets ratings for other masterpieces after watching Titanic.They're the ones who get the stars
8,These days, it's... it's okay.
10,Terminator 2 is the truth...Will Bags is really... Oh!
10,Good
1,It's really OOO. I'd rather see Titanic--
10,As expected of Arnold! It's not a waste of the score!@@
10,What a trick for '91
10,The last part was touching. Good bye... Those born in 1994 were touched.
10,There are a lot of contradictions, but it's still cool Whoo-hoo!
10,Even if it is released in the theater again, people will see it a lot. To feel the emotion of that time
10,It's the best movie in the action world, like the Bible
10,I have never seen such an interesting action movie
10,It's the truth of the truth! It's amazing that this movie was released in 1991.
10,I've seen all the spies.If you haven't seen it, aliens...lol
10,The first movie that made me thrilled after watching it when I was young!
10,Goo, goo, good, sorghumLOL
10,I always feel this every time I see it, but the best SF action movie of this century!
10,It is the best movie in my life.
10,needless words
10,It is the best movie in the history of movies.Arnold is the best.
10,Connor didn't die, so I saw that he was the villain in season 1. Good boy in season 2
10,Top
10,It's the best action movie ever.The highest quality movie...Compared to the year
10,A movie that made me realize that there are no more limits to computer graphics
10,The movie itself is good, but the movie with the best music in the Terminator series
10,Top
8,It's less tense than the first movie, but even now, it's a pretty good blockbuster.
10,The movie that was made when I was born...But the best masterpiece!
10,One of the masterpieces of my life...There is no more of this sf.
10,It's fun...
10,What are the 1 points? It's not going up more than 10 points
10,As a summer blockbuster, I want to see this kind of movie on the screen
10,If my age 31 is the best masterpiece of my life, I choose Terminator 2 and Titanic.
1,It's fun...
9,Twenty years later, it still makes my hands sweat
1,Arnold... the epitome of hypocrisy
10,That's right. It's not a movie. It's a work of art
10,It's not a movie, it's art
10,It's rare to see such a movie like this in 1991
10,It's indescribable...It's just amazing
10,Good. ㅠㅠ 진짜 You have the best sense of teasing!
9,I didn't expect the Terminator to shed tears. The sci-fi thriller movie that made me cry my eyes out!
10,Best in the Terminator series! What a trick to beat your brother.
10,Sci-fi who dares to give a perfect score. Truth beyond humans and machines. go over the screen
10,I think it's the most fun of Terminator
9,Is this really 1991?! It's a really great piece of work. I'll be Back!
9,A movie that I enjoyed as much as the first one.
8,I'm not an action movie maniac, but I have no choice but to applaud this movie.
8,Personally, I like the first one more than the second one. But the best action movie at that time...
9,Showing the coolest, funniest, and most spectacular Terminator!
9,I have no choice but to keep my thumb up.
9,It's a movie that I watched when I was in high school, but I still can't forget the surprise
9,One of the few "Better than you
9,There is no action movie like this. A film that James Cameron would not have made.
9,There hasn't been a sequel like this yet.
9,CG and action that's still impressive. The last scene is a bonus.
9,Out of the Terminator series, the second one is the best
9,The greatest movie in the Terminator series. I want to see it again.
8,The Terminator series is forever.
8,The Best of the Terminator Series
8,It is said that ten years will change, but this movie is still attractive even after twenty years
10,a sequel better than the previous one Legend itself.
9,The last scene of Terminator 2 will last forever. I buried my face in a towel and cried for a long time.
10,Blockbuster is something like this. The power to capture a vast narrative never to be distracted
10,The best movie of my life.
10,Unbelievable perfect CG at the time of release. Amazing imagination. a perfect development
10,an incomparable trick to the first installment
10,You said you've seen him over 100 times.LOL I memorized all the lines from the main scene.It's really a masterpiece!
10,Seriously, I watched this movie more than 100 times
10,완벽한 영화처럼 보고 싶어요. ^^ 당신은 좋은 직업이 필요해요.
10,I admit it's a masterpiece
10,If you don't need words, you're the best!
10,It's so much fun
10,Two is the truth...The greatest masterpiece.
10,Terminator 2...It's the truth.
10,I think it will be hard to watch a movie like this again in my life ㅠㅠ
10,LOL That's awesome
10,a masterpiece of all masterpieces
10,My best movie!
9,A film whose quality is surprisingly underestimated by many action scenes.
10,It's fun
8,Victory in screenplays that make enemies allies, specimens of SF action thrillers, outstanding film music
10,This movie that came out in the middle because I was scared when I was young... I'll watch it again today.
10,It's the best movie in my 23-year-old life. Those who watched it in 1991 must have been so surprised.I'm touched
10,There are 3 people I envy in my life, a rich person, a good personality, and a person who hasn't seen this movie
10,a wordless film
9,Best Hollywood science fiction I've ever seen...Terminator 2!
10,As expected, it'sure
10,It's '91 and 20 years later, even Hollywood doesn't seem to be making this much of a movie.
10,I'll turn on all the movies and say it's the last great scene
10,It doesn't feel as good as it does on old videotapes, but it's still a masterpiece
10,Just good! No need for words
10,The second film, which is better than 1, still retains the shock of the spring of 1992.
10,The shock of seeing this movie for the first time is still unforgettable.
10,Personally, the movie I enjoyed much more than Titanic and Avatar.
10,The first movie that brought innovation and the second movie that brought it to 100 percent, SF-action, is no longer likely
9,I'm a little bored. James Cameron is a genius.Wow! In 91...It's amazing. It's fun.
10,A movie you want to recommend to my daughter later on
10,Shut up and 10 points.
10,I watched it when I was young, but even when I watched it again...
10,One of the few successful sequels, surpassing the original.
10,Cameron should have coached the Harry Potter series.
10,I waited 20 years. I hope to meet a movie that will give you the same thrill as T2.Damn it. Do I have to wait another 20 years?
10,I will never see a movie like this again.I'm sure
10,I'm 28 years old. Still, this movie is the best movie of my life.
10,I enjoyed it. It was the best Haha
10,Titanic and Avatar's box office records weren't earned for nothing.Forever the number one action movie.
10,It brings back memories
10,The director is so smart. I can't believe he's making a masterpiece like this
10,the best movie of my life
10,All I can think about is that there will be another movie like this
10,T-2 is the best masterpiece of the four movies
10,He's my favorite director Video revolution!
10,Ah, so cool. It's touching at the end
10,It's a movie before I was even born, and it's really the best considering the times. It's a shame that I couldn't see it at the
10,It's the best. I love it
10,I think this movie is the best. Top
10,Video revolution!
10,It's already been 20 years. I haven't seen a movie like this in 20 years.
10,I'm Lee Joon-young from Anyang, Gyeonggi Province!
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger. Forever. I don't think there's any charisma like this in the future
10,The best...
10,Do I really need to say this?
10,It's a masterpiece that hits the world without words.
10,This movie is the best!!!
10,I can only say that it is a masterpiece. I think James Cameron is a genius
9,It's fun
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's Performance Beyond the Age of Will Be Back + SF's Best Picture
10,G R E A T
10,the best move in science fiction
10,돌아올 것이다
10,Those who haven't seen this movie yet are unhappy
10,Marvelous.
10,It was a little less thrilling than the first movie, but it is more new and exciting. I'll be back...
10,A really well-made movie.
10,the greatest movie of all time
10,Edward Furlong is so handsome.I was mesmerized. That's how a human can be
10,Of course, it's the best
10,The best sf!
10,I think I've seen it ten times. The last scene of the shooting in the tank lorry is a creation that will remain in modern history
10,Come to think of it, this movie came out before I was even born... But why is it so much fun?
10,The myth of a movie that's hard to reproduce again!
10,"Now I understand why humans shed tearsJohn" Ambassador still makes me emotional
10,Edward Furlong was so handsome.Is he a person? Namshin... His acting and good story are good
10,Are these legendary blockbusters not coming out again?
10,Human film art is divided into before and after Terminator 2.
9,That's when you say you put your heart and soul into it
10,This is a movie! This is a real movie! Please make it like this!
10,It's really good at the end
10,If you cried so much when you died after "I'll be back" at the end, it's a masterpiece
10,It's the best!
10,It's a masterpiece
10,Terminator 2 T-800 made me realize the value of life
10,After 20 years of watching the movie, it is still interesting and focused
10,Terminator 2 is coming out on OCN right now
9,Two raises the grade of one, makes three expectations, and makes four. This is the best.
10,The rating of 9.32 speaks for completeness, even though there are some mischievous points in the rating.
10,This movie that I watched when I was in 6th grade in elementary school. Still the best movie of my life.--b
10,Even if the ratings didn't drop from 3, this series is a masterpiece of the century
10,It's awesome even now. Honestly, I think it should be 9.5...It's from 1991.
10,I dare say "video revolution"!
10,Terminator to save man. It's a much more touching story than the first one
10,Is this a movie from 1991?LOL Wow!
10,It's really fun
10,Edward Furlong John 1. I'm cool
10,cool
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,Better than the first one, the second one...A movie that's fun even after time passes
10,What do I need to say?
10,This movie is really the truth!
10,Director James Cameron is really amazing
10,At that time, the Titanic avatar Ariane, who made these movies, were all his works
10,I feel so sorry for the generation that didn't see this movie. Download it and make sure to watch it
10,If someone asks me what is the best movie of my life anytime, anywhere? Of course, this piece!
10,a truly amazing graphic and action movie
10,It doesn't look like a '91 movie This is really fun.
10,The action was great back then, and the deep story that's still imprinted on my mind
10,Just shut up and it's fun, man
10,There's no need for words. You're the best!
10,The best entertainment movie.
10,Someone said 1 point
10,The last scene where I raise my thumb still lingers.
10,Will back lol
10,the finalist of an action movie that transcends the previous film
10,This movie is the truth.
10,Will Be Back!
10,It was really cool and the last scene still lingers
10,It's a movie with some famous lines and the best movie I've ever seen!
10,I've watched it more than 30 times after I filmed it ㅠㅠ
10,Terminator is the truth of action movies. It's the best textbook
9,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,As expected, it's fun no matter how many times I watch it. ^^ Robert Patrick is so cool
9,Even if it didn't have C.G special effects, the movie would have been successful just by directing!
10,keep one'
10,This is 9.32? This has to be ten
10,Five masterpieces that are ahead of their time are not enough
10,I think 2011 is the best again. .
10,1 point. What's this? It's a masterpiece
10,This is the truth. Hey, you guys
10,The movie is great, but the reviews are great, too. We all got 10 points.
10,You're the best!
10,I'd give it to you if you got more than 10 points, but this is not enough!
10,Terminator is really fun
10,Good
10,Arnold is the best!
10,a real legend
10,It's better than 2000s movies.
10,I never get tired of it. The truth of this movie. Doubtful why it's not number one in the whole movie
10,It's really well made and it's a different movie from 3rd and 4th
10,I can't get enough of it
10,I can't forget the first time I saw this
10,The one who doesn't give this movie 10 points is dog OOO. Shoot 10 points.
10,Action, emotion, completeness, directing, everything is the best movie. It deserves to be called the legend of science fiction
10,When I saw a video dubbed as a Saturday masterpiece in a sauna...
10,This movie was my idol when I was young!
10,It's just the best. Just look at it and admire it
10,Wow, this movie is a pre-OO movie, but the story and CG are good.
10,It's so much fun. I'll save it. If I saw it once, I can't believe I'm watching it now
10,I hated 2PM when I stopped watching thisLOL
10,A cool robot terminator who listens to children, the reason for existence is to protect you
10,It's a movie 20 years ago, but I think it'll be the best movie if it's released now released
10,돌아올 것이다.
10,There is no need for words. People are divided into two categories: those who watched Terminator 2 and those who didn't.
10,I watched this at a young age and couldn't sleep at night for two days. Scary robot that doesn't die.
10,the greatest masterpiece of the nineties It will be very difficult to surpass T2 in any movie
10,터미네이터 2: 심판의 날
10,I still remember I will be back ㅠㅠ I was really touched ㅠㅠ
10,John Connor, this character is already the best. Not to mention the other elements.
10,Let's have fun
10,The best movie. I want to be born in Korea.
10,Two masterpieces that are funnier than the first one
10,The best movie of my life
10,The best movie! A masterpiece that you can't get enough of!
9,Applause to the Creator and Terminator!
10,10 points!
10,It's a masterpiece that I want to give 1,000 to 10,000 points instead of 10 points.
10,Is James Cameron really a genius?
10,I don't know if this was made in 1991... It's totally awesome
10,The crazy existence of John Connor that you have to live with
10,I really enjoyed it Haha
10,I cried my eyes out at the ending scene ㅠㅠ Best masterpiece of my life
10,This is really a masterpiece.ㅜㅜ
10,Can you imagine? This is 91 years old. It's worth opening now.
10,I don't know if there will be another movie like this...
10,My favorite movie for 17 years! Even if you look at it now, it's a great move!
10,Needless to say, it's definitely fun
10,Whoo... what more do I have to say???????
10,The memory of the last thumbs up...
10,As expected, the highest rating
10,No words needed
10,the highest rating of 10
9,9 points
10,I watched it at the theater When I was in elementary school, I still remember the best movie
10,It's the best
10,There's no need for words. I just give a thumbs up.
1,Thanks to you, I can't study at all, so I gave you 1 point ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,It's a great job. Graphic that's not like a movie from '91
10,It's the best
10,Director Cameron and Arnold's greatest masterpiece!!
10,no fate ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,No need for words
10,How can a 1991 film be so interesting - a fraudulent film.
10,It's the best movie ever
10,Top
10,There's no need for words.It's just the best!
10,How do I explain a science fiction movie that's worse than it was in 1991?
10,A movie made by a god, a movie, a movie that's not good, is like a brainless guy
1,Not good.
10,No movie in the world can make them happy for those who find this movie boring.
10,Even now, the special effects and action scenes are the best movies!
10,Compared to this movie, "Avatar" is just trash. It's the best movie in history
10,When I borrowed the video a decade ago, the whole family watched it with bated breath!
10,I really enjoyed watching it
10,needless to say
10,An interesting, literally funny movie even after all these years.
10,a legendary film
10,Best SF Young-hoe
10,Top
10,I can't forget what I saw when I was a kid, but if I look at it again, um...
10,The best movie of my life
10,The best movie ever! Please refrain from being thoughtless elementary school kids these days.
10,It's a movie where you can only say that's the best"
10,Absolute action. Good
10,This is fun.
10,Do you need another word?
10,It's a long time ago, but the scenes are still vivid
10,If someone asks me what is the most impressive movie of my life, my answer is Terminator 2
10,Very touching. Best of action movies ㅠㅠ
10,It was a great masterpiece at the time, and CG was great.
10,Wjdwlgus1306 That's all rumour. Alba Sekhi is doing everything he can to get his GPA.
9,I will be back, a movie that left an impression on me since I was young
6,It's worth watching
10,When will our country make this kind of movie...
10,Good
10,Good
10,I cried.
1,Movies that elementary school kids like robots will like
10,Shut up and dope
10,I'll be back, trust me, all I can say is the best...
10,10 out of 10!
10,It's just not obvious--?
10,At the time of the release date, the reporter even interviewed people in line at the theater in the morning broadcast
10,Too bad I can't keep a DVD
10,How do you watch the movie?Have you heard of it? Please tell me where to watch it ㅜㅜ
9,Terminator, good, good, awesome
10,It's fun
10,It's fun
10,Honestly, it's the best
1,Good bye...
10,It's fun
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece. If you haven't seen it, please take a look at it.I miss you again
10,It's the best in the Terminator series!
10,When I was young, I watched Terminator 2 at my friend's house and couldn't talk to my friend for an hour
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,I think it's the best movie of my life
10,Why can't this kind of movie come out these days?
10,I don't need words.
10,Terminator who created a future that we can't imagine! Good
10,If you think about the technology of that era, it's the best masterpiece!
9,Don't laugh
10,Terminator 1 was fun too. Terminator 2 is dead.
10,A really great movie
10,It's the best movie. A masterpiece
10,I can't even say anythingLOLIt's a movie that you can't beat Dragon Eni!
10,Legendary dragon or something
10,It's legendary
10,I will also give you 10 points. There is nothing boring about Terminator movies.
8,A movie that shook an era, the birth of the governor
10,People who fall into the furnace with albibag are either pretentious or forgetting to watch movies
10,Terminator part 2 is the truth
10,This movie is like the best James Cameron ever.
10,I sometimes think of it and take it out.  This movie is like that. It's like an old friend.
10,a ten-point movie
10,It's a movie that I watched with my father when I was in kindergarten. It's really fun even now
10,The ones who give 1 point are all dogs
10,Do you need words?
10,Sf's masterpiece masterpiece
10,The weight of the Terminator, which was lacking in the first movie, and the amazing development of the T-1000
10,Even if there are CG videos, it's endless masterpieces! It's much better than I've ever seen.
10,It's fun to watch now and I think there's no better masterpiece than this
10,Ah... What words do I need?
10,It's really the best Terminator series. Not enough ratings.
10,a ruined crop
10,There's no need for words
10,Fun.
10,I've watched the best movie over 50 times
10,RB: The bag
10,Honestly, who gives 1 point?It's a movie made in 1991 and it's great. What more do you want?
9,It's the best, but the fact that it's worse than the first episode
10,Honestly, I think this movie was more fun than any other movie
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger was able to shine even more!
10,jamming
10,A movie that doesn't need words!  Robert Patrick actually stands out more than Schwarzenegger. Too bad he's buried
1,Except for the shock of CG that I saw for the first time, if I were to talk about the movie, it would be less than the heel of the first movie
10,If people all over the world don't know Terminator... People who don't even know the word movie
7,a movie worth watching
10,No words needed. It's a movie that's so touching and action-packed
9,Isn't it the most popular work in the Terminator series?
10,The best masterpiece that I never got tired of
10,Even though it's been almost 20 years, CG scenes seem like movies these days
10,It's too long
1,I can't believe this is top 10
10,Milestones in the New SF Movie!
10,a perfect movie
10,the double truth
8,Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, baby
10,The best movie of my life!!!
10,a renaming work
10,a shocking video Now it's the funniest thing James Cameron ever took.
10,최고야!
10,Exchequer Terminator is super fun
10,It's a masterpiece
10,James, you are the real king of the world. (__)
10,I saw the Skynet version. As expected, one of the best movies of my life
10,If you think of Lee Hong Ryul, we are one!
10,The liquid-sauce terminator is here!
10,I can't believe I made a movie like this in '91.
10,The movie that was so much fun,
10,Hard, hard, hard, hard
10,The best movie of my life. I've seen enough scenes and lines to memorize.
9,The movie that I watched until the videotape fell and broke ^^
10,This is the work that told me that this is what a movie is like.
10,I think I've seen it about 200 times since I was in middle school
10,There's no need for words. You have to see it
10,A movie I can't get enough of. This is the best of the four movies. I've never seen a movie like this before
10,It's really fun.
10,It's 91 and it's perfect to put it out now. It's the best, the best
10,We dare to use the expression 'legend' after watching a movie like this.
10,I think it is the most interesting SF movie I have ever seen. It is the best even when I was young and now
10,The eternal legend of action movies
10,다시 올거에요.
10,Best SF movie of all time. No explanation needed!!!
10,The best movie that can be said to surpass the previous record. Seeing is believing!!!
10,The movie I watched when I was 10 years old. 20 years later, the best movie of my life
10,One of the few movies that lacks 5 stars!
10,If you don't give me 5 stars, I'm a fool
10,That's amazing ㅜㅜ
10,The best movie of my life
10,Will I be able to watch this kind of movie again?
10,The movie that even Oketi is happy to see... It's a great movie.
10,I think I've seen this movie 200 times. It's still the best!
10,There's no need for words
10,After the shock of parting, I forgot the breakup because of the shock of the Terminator I saw at the movie theater.
10,Even if I watch it now, sophisticated movie... It's the best!
10,What else do I need to say?
10,You must have watched it like 10 times
10,LOL Isn't this just a national movie? It's awesome
10,One-point owners know children who are in their 30s and older who are not born or even in primary school
10,It's a 1991 movie. It's amazing even now How much more amazing would 1991 have been?
10,Good!
10,The movie I watched the most repeatedly.I think it's lucky that such a movie exists.
10,I don't need to say anything else. It's the best.
10,The movie that I watched in my first year of middle school. It's been a long time, but...All the scenes are still vivid.the best movie
10,Amazing action and heartbreaking touching is really the best movie!!!
10,Even if I watch it again, it's an amazing movie
10,Top
10,Go home and look at her
10,No need for words.
10,gut, exorcism
10,As expected, it's a masterpiece.A movie that is not short of a top prize.
10,It's been a long time, but Terminator is a masterpiece. The last scene was so close that I almost cried
1,OOO movie -- not funny
10,It's a movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,The best science fiction movie of all time. A greater movie than Avatar
10,It's amazing that a movie like this came out in '91
10,It's fun
10,This is definitely 10 points. Those who scored less than 8 points, reflect on yourself
10,jackpot
10,Let's raise it to number 1 on Terminator 2!
1,I don't think it was a great movie.
10,When I saw human casualties 0.0 after shooting machine guns at cops on Cyberdyne...
6,When is this movie from?
10,The movie that was more touching because I watched it when I was young... Really good good
9,It was released in 1991.A movie that sparked a revolution, a movie that people would have seen with their mouths open
10,You're the best!
1,Why is this???
10,Oh, this is 100 points
10,The best neck!
10,be short of ten points.I want to give you 100 points
10,This movie is throughout human history. It's the best movie ever.
10,The best movie of my life! I've seen 30 more times. The most fun movie... Will a movie like this come out again?
10,Good
9,Even the story was bolstered by the special effects and CG, which certainly improved over the somewhat sloppy first film
10,I still can't forget the last scene.     ㅣㅣ
10,This movie will be unforgettable.
10,Finally to Arnold Goodness ^^. Anyway, how do you write a story like this? have respectful
10,As expected, Terminator 2 is the best in the Terminator series! The last one was touching
10,LOLLegend? Legend?
10,The person below... The legend is legendary LOL
10,It's not a legend, it's a legend. It's a great movie.
10,As expected, the terminator!Eyebrow bag!
10,As expected, you're the best!
10,a legendary movie
9,The great creation of the T-1000 can offset all shortcomings.
10,The best movie of my life
10,Can I watch a movie that gives me this much fun before I die?
10,Part 1 is fun and part 2 is the best...Part 3 is trash out of trash.Part 4 is okay
10,James Cameron's best picture is Terminator 2.
10,The Terminator series is the best in both 1.2.
10,One of the movies that won't be forgotten a hundred years later
10,the glamour of spectacular sights and plots
10,Oh, Arnold... You were so firm back then.ㅜ
10,the best without words
10,Top
10,How old is the movie, do you compare Avatar and Titan?  You're a psychopath. The movie is the best
10,The best movie of my life
10,좋아요.
10,the best movie
10,the best five
10,The most interesting movie I watched...
10,the most powerful film
1,What do you mean, 9 points, 5 points, worse than Avatar or Titan?
1,Teolmin waiter was more fun
9,The essence of entertainment movies with outstanding theme awareness and both cinematic and box office performance!
10,Will there be a movie like this in the future? This is really awesome.
10,Terminator 1 and 2 are all amazing
10,Good, good, good
10,No matter how many times I watch it 10, 100, or 1,000 times, this movie is a legend
10,I think I've seen it about 20 times
10,It's the best movie ever
10,Good
1,Wow!
10,It's so nice
10,It is questionable how many such movies will come out in the future.
10,I don't need words.
10,Good
1,I wish Gladiator would win first place. But this is so much fun too
10,The best movie in the history of movies! It's fun to watch 10 times... hm682x, did you eat something wrong?
1,Yuck
10,one of the greatest masterpiece
10,A masterpiece of Hee-dae that opened a new chapter in detailed storyline and CG technology. report
10,This has raised the level of filmmakers to the next level.
10,The infinite meaning of my life
10,The movie that's gonna follow is probably...I don't think so.
10,완벽하다
1,I don't like it
10,A masterpiece of the century, classic, cult...The Nobel Prize for Film...
10,최고!
10,The movie Arnold is the best.
10,Best Sf
10,It's just the best
10,There's no SF movie that's comparable
10,Best movie without words!!!
10,I'll be the winner forever
10,Action, SF, do you have something to say? I'm in first place
10,No matter how many times I see it, it's the best.
10,That's the best
10,It's not 2011. It's 1991. It's amazing
10,No need for words
10,SF movie that is now on the list of masterpieces...
10,I can't believe it was a 12-year-old viewer in '91.
10,I saw it a long time ago, but it's still a masterpiece!
10,What more do you need to say?
10,I saw this when I was in elementary school. Wow, time flies.The emotion still lingers.
10,I downloaded this video and saw it. It's amazing
10,2 was more fun than 1! Ah, I want to see it again
1,Money?
7,Even though it's 1991... I don't know...
10,It was amazing.
10,Good
10,It was really the best. The thought of those days makes my heart pound. Looking at the ending credits... That lingering feeling is
10,What is "Better than the 1st"!
10,"There is no second movie better than the first one.the perfect counterpoint to the old saying "
10,It's a masterpiece that I enjoyed more than the first one is also a masterpiece
10,Don't forget that you won first place
10,It was the best
10,The movie I watched in 10th grade...At that time, I was so shocked.By far the best movie!!!
10,It's the best...
10,Best in the Terminator series... no words needed.
10,I'm sad that I couldn't give you more than 10 points
10,Top
10,The movie that made me watch it 8 times again... However, even now, it is automatically said that it is the best.
10,You're the best!
10,The best, the best, the best, the best
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I watched it in the theater when I was in 8th grade. I watched it sitting in the aisle.It wasn't the seat system at the time.the greatest masterpiece
10,This is a SF movie
10,a film that marked a milestone in the film industry
10,It's really a masterpiece!
10,Totally. Terminator, the future war starts? It was a total disappointment, but 2 was fun
10,This is... There's no need for words.lol
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's fan!
10,Thought to be the most masterpiece of Terminator!
10,It fell out!
10,I used to copy the scene where I was loading my shot gun when I was doing survival with my friends
10,A blockbuster masterpiece!
10,It's a long way to go to catch up with this movie
10,I thought about how it would have been if I saw it at the theater
10,A movie that changed some kids' future hopes.
9,I watched it again yesterday because I was bored
10,It's Choi to the
10,Top
10,Good
10,I'm going to say, "How did humans make this?" But I'm human, so I could make this I'm looking!
10,Oh, my God, is this really a '91 movie? It's the best even if I look at it again.
10,Memories that touched my heart at the theater
10,Handsome... Oh...
10,The movie "The One Who Didn't Give 10 Points = The One Who Doesn't Have the Right to Watch" is a natural movie
10,The most interesting movie. I can't find any other expression
10,Look for James Cameron's film. Nothing falls below 8.7
10,Why can't I get sick of it? Why can't I get sick of it?
10,You're jealous of the person who gave you 1 point, right?
10,It's just good
10,It's 10 points... It's hard to argue... It's really... Arnold Schwarzenegger's movie
10,Perfection itself. There's nothing to argue about. If you're listening to the main theme, you'll be thrilled...
9,It's fun... But it's foreign so 9 points
10,This is fun
10,I miss my muscular brother Arnold.It's the best
10,What if the villain and the actor, Terminator, changed roles?
10,Who's the one who gives this one point? It's not just an action movie
10,I bet they're joking
10,The best of my life
1,a bad movie
8,I watched this movie more than 10 times. It was a fresh shock in my childhood when I didn't know the meaning.
6,I don't understand why it's 9 points
10,I enjoyed watching it. I don't remember ^^;
1,서재
9,A masterpiece! It's a foreign product, so I'll give you half a star
10,a perfect movie
10,I get immersed no matter how many times I see it.
10,Good, good, good
10,It's so much fun [Laughing]
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's is good!
10,It's a movie of God. Revolution of SF Movies
10,All-back-haired sunglasses shot-gun bag Harley-Davidson --b
10,It's amazing every time I see it!
10,a masterpiece ahead of its time
10,It's a masterpiece that you can't get tired of even if you watch it again
10,Oh, this
10,There is no need for words.
10,The best...
10,What movie do people who don't give 10 points to this movie watch?
10,This movie is still the best of the best
10,The best before and now...
9,It's fun.
10,It's the best
10,┌ an unconscious mindless
6,I can't forgive you for beating your brother-in-law. Brother-in-law is the best
10,The content, roles, and development are all the best
10,Is this a movie? It's a perfect legend that doesn't change over time!
10,As expected! The best! L
10,That's awesome
9,I watched a movie on television. It's thrilling
10,It's a movie that's made a thousand times better than Avatar
10,You're the best of the best!
10,It was the best...
10,jackpot
10,Titanic oscar 11 wins site 2 oscar 4 wins ;; but the battlefield 2 is better lol
10,There's nothing like this in an old movie. It's really fun. It's got a lot of tension and a story
1,It's a good movie. Why is this number one?
10,It's too well made to be a '91 movie
10,He's the best. But Avatar is the royal net. Cameroon has regressed more than ever
1,Titanic was pushed;;
1,Why is this first place?
10,I'll be back!! Wow, a great word! Arnold is the best. Cameron is the best
10,I was so into it when I was a kid.
10,Waiting for Transformers 2 for two years didn't give the movie a thrill.
10,The best of the best
1,This is why NAVER gets criticized. I can't believe Terminator is first place.
10,the best movie
10,It's the best
10,It's the best number one movie I've ever seen. It's the best
10,This is what liquid crystal movies are like ~ [Laughing]
10,It's a legend ^____^
10,It's really cool. Good!
10,Harmony, you crazy girls
10,I'm 26 years old, but I watched it at the theater about 50 times when I was young.There's no action like this!
10,a wordless film
10,The best movie of my life
10,Please, Korean movie harmony.I can't watch it because I'm so embarrassed when I'm part-timers.;;;
10,Fun and versatile
10,You're not a harmonious lover. Why are you being silly here?
10,How can this be from 1990?
10,This is legendary. If you don't know this, you're not from Earth.LOL
10,Top LOL
1,Terminator is a trivalent jam
10,It's just a good movie to watch
10,In short, it's a masterpiece.
10,It's touching and fun. It's the best.
6,Avatar is number one, Transformers is number two, and this is number three, but it is number three in the world
10,In a word, it's the best
10,This is amazing
9,ID wjdjto5... Before you die, make sure to do Titanic! Look!
10,Minebooh Terminator and the last thumbs up scene... I can't help but give you 10 points.
10,It's been 20 years now, but I haven't seen a SF movie that surpasses Terminator 2
10,It's more novel than movies these days. 10,000 times better than an avatar. Avatar feels like it's regressed
10,Wow, it was so much fun
10,I'm a national fan누I'm sorry if I don't know who did it
10,I'm a fan of the national team. I'm sorry. I hope it's quiet.
10,It was made in '90 right?
10,Honestly, I liked the movie, but how dare you touch the terminator for your part-time job?
10,I'm sorry for the national team director and staff who worked hard making movies. Those trash
10,Are you out of your mind? You punks, you part-timers, why do you open the terminator?
1,I don't like movies like this...
1,This is not the rating.The national anthem is more innovative and fun
10,I have never cried while watching an action movie
10,This is a legend
1,Not as much as a national representative.
10,How do you compare yourself to the national team?
10,It's the best work
10,Of course, you have to get a higher score than the national team. You're a fool
10,It's the truth
10,It's too short
10,It is the most interesting in the Terminator series
10,It's still fun...
10,a movie that is not at all tacky
10,Good
10,Today is the tenth time I've seen you.It's the best movie I've seen over and over again.^^
10,It's the best movie I can't get enough of
10,This is the best.
10,the best movie of my life
10,I think it's the funniest Terminator series.
10,Top
10,It's been a few years since we saw each other, but I still remember it vividly
10,RV, back!
10,As expected, James Cameron! The last scene is one of the scenes that I still remember. It's a masterpiece!
10,The movie that made me like director Cameron
10,That's when you use it.
10,a masterpiece of history
10,a masterpiece by James Cameron
10,Breaking news! Avatar movie monster will hit 13 million viewers in history
10,There's no need for words.
10,The movie I watched 5 times in the theater
10,I've seen a lot of great movies, but out of all the movies I've seen, Eater 2 is the best. Jameson Cameron 해 Haeyong
10,I don't need to say anything
9,The best...
10,a successful sequel case
9,Touching...
10,a work that will go down in history
2,Cameron dumped it after Terminator 2 and the series blew up
10,the greatest work of my life
10,The best movie of my life
1,I don't think so
10,a perfect movie
9,It's a masterpiece, but I can't give you 10 points
10,James God!
10,Arnold is the best movie in the crazy Terminator series! Do you need more words?
1,This is really fun.
10,the greatest perfect movie ever
10,It's fun
1,the national team
10,Objectively, the screenplay and production are great. There's nothing to complain about. Unable to compare with the state;;
10,Do you need words?
10,Forever, Terminator!
10,Cameron is the god of movies
10,They give 1 point to every masterpiece
10,Top
1,The national team has to be number one. The national team is the best
10,I enjoyed watching it. The last scene is especially sad
8,Well, maybe because I'm a modern person, I feel a little boring (?).But the story is cool!
10,Recovery Team
10,The best...
10,A movie that doesn't need to be said
10,A renaming that you can't get enough of!
10,Everyone has seen this movie. The action is amazing. It's fun. It's a masterpiece
1,John 1 is fun. I'm going to give you a lower rating
10,Will another SF masterpiece like this come out after 30 years... Best!
10,10 points... it's beyond the movie I can evaluate
10,It's a movie that's fun and makes your heart race!
10,The best masterpiece...open a new chapter in science fiction
10,I can't look away for a moment. I can't believe I made a movie like this 20 years ago.
10,There's no movie like this. A masterpiece of a masterpiece!
10,James Cameron's legend, I have nothing more to say
10,A new era of SF movies! Avatar is not for nothing.
10,You're the best
10,It's just ㅠㅠ
10,NAVER is cool. This is the best movie. This is the best movie
10,The national team members ruined the ranking of NAVER movies
10,a great film
10,Do national team OOOs manipulate this way? The national team is good, but it's not number one
10,A movie that's not enough even if you give me 10 points
10,It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the best movie in the whole world
10,Such a great movie
10,In other words, it is a film made by God. . . God.
1,Rating adjustment required
5,It's not that
10,It's good
8,Is this 9.29??? I don't think it's... 8 points is enough...
8,Is this 9.29??? I don't think it's... 8 points is enough...
1,He's so touched. He's so calm
10,I don't know what to say.L
10,Let's not talk about science fiction without watching this. It was a real revolution. I don't know about the kids.
10,There's really no movie like this.
1,That's the best
1,Bad
10,It's the best.
10,gut, exorcism
10,It's really the best.
1,Bad
1,Bad
1,Bad
10,I've seen this movie a lot, but it's still interesting.
10,James Cameron, American football player
10,What does James Cameron really have in his head to create these masterpieces?
10,The only movie I've seen more than 20 times...
9,It lingers a lot
10,I've seen it dozens of times, but it's still very refreshing
1,Top
1,Ranking down
10,I was thrilled
10,It was the best. Really ㅜㅜ
10,Avatar is as bad as this.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,"Humanism". You can tell if you watch this movie
8,Terminator is really fun
10,Obviously not the best masterpiece. But the movie I enjoyed the most.
10,Nomaji Wins Old Terminator
10,A movie that will be remembered in the history of movies
10,Terminator is the best
10,Go up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Terminator is the best!
10,It is a masterpiece of all time
10,Wow, good
10,Does this need an explanation?
10,It's the best movie I've seen.
10,Director, you are so cool...
10,The best movie director of today's era. When I die, I'll leave my name
10,It's just amazing... It's a great masterpiece no matter how many times I see it!
10,Liquid man is the best
10,The most interesting movie ever!
10,As expected, James Cameron's movie!I'm B-be-
10,the best five
10,be short of a perfect score
10,I still remember the impression that I saw in the theater 20 years ago. There's nothing missing!
10,classic
10,James Cameron is the best director ever
10,The best movie
10,I can't believe this kind of movie came out at this time
10,The first movie that made me cry...;;
10,A masterpiece out of all masterpieces. It's fun to watch again
10,More than a decade later... Even if it is released today, the impact will be the same
10,I watched it as it was whenever I saw it on TV of OO in my first movie.It's always new
10,That's the best. Do you need another word?When I was nine years old, I was shocked
10,Why did I watch such a movie now?
10,Turn it all off -- I post this movie
10,a movie that will be remembered for a long time
10,The best of the best
10,How can you make a movie so fun?
10,Just shut up and enjoy it... it's a masterpiece.
10,It's dope
10,Edward Furlong is so handsome. American History x If you don't know, make sure to watch Johnny's coolness
9,A movie that's still on air after 20 years - I don't want to watch it anymore
10,Top
10,Thumb, masterpiece ㅠㅠ b
10,If I do it because it's so fun, the movie that I kept watching... The last bit of emotion
10,I've been through this movie 100 times. It's the first time I've ever seen a movie that's really touching from the beginning to the end to end
1,I still have this video. But you have to be below the national team.
10,10 points to keep the national team in check
10,I saw it close to 30.
10,a masterpiece without words / the soulless harmony of man and machine
10,The best. Edward Furlong is handsome
8,It's so much fun
10,I watch this once a year. I watch it again from beginning to end
10,Look at the year.This is from 1991.What more do I need to say?
10,As expected, you're the best!
10,Best movie I've ever seen.
10,When I was young, I had to go to a cram school, but the moment I saw it on TV, it made me skip the academy
10,It's incredible. It's incredible.
10,Robert Patrick's (t1000) impressive film
10,The best! The best!
10,One of the greatest works of the nineties. I remember showing only this in all theaters when it was released in Korea.
10,Will Be Back - One of the masterpieces of an action movie
10,You're the best!
10,It's so much fun!~~
10,This movie is the best even if you watch it again
10,The movie that made me a movie mania
10,The best movie of all time. The best movie
10,I can't believe this movie is behind the national team.I can only laugh
8,SF's fantasy. Sadness falling short of Abyss. Patrick's fantasy casting. Miss Casting an Actress
10,The best movie of my life.
10,It's the best even if I watch it again.
10,Wow, that's awesome. There's nothing less than 10 points. It's the best movie ever.
10,This is the best movie ever
10,It's dope.
10,It's the best
10,The best movie of my life!
10,The greatest masterpiece beyond the prequel! The masterpiece that once prevailed...
10,It's so much funHaha
10,Terminator should have ended in two episodes.
10,My life!
10,This is the best. No words needed
10,I can say without hesitation that it is the number one movie of my life.
10,Awesome. It's the first movie I saw in kindergarten. I still remember that feeling
10,I watched it alone in the theater in 1991, and I still remember it vividly.A movie that I really enjoyed watching
10,It's just a masterpiece
10,It's a great movie that's worth saying that it's the best action movies
10,As called the greatest sequel in history; James Cameron as well
10,It's just the best
10,Wow, seriously! You're the best!
10,It's against the times.
10,No words needed.
10,You're the best!
10,It's just dope
10,I was shocked after watching this movie when I was a kid in 1991.
10,It's the best!
10,It's fun
10,Best SF Movie
10,I wish I could be the villain's terminator.
10,It goes without saying, doesn't it?
10,Terminator...a reference film
10,It was the only movie theater I watched twice
10,To be honest, it was the most fun in the Terminator series.Full of tension.lol
10,Good
10,The best movie ever and never will be
10,It's one of the best action movies.
10,It's fun.
1,Let's put it down
10,the best movie
7,That's the best Terminator series.
10,This is...
10,That's the best action flick
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,How did they make a movie so well?
10,funny, interesting, amusing, entertaining
10,This is a legend. I saw this when I was in elementary school, but I bought a video because I missed it so much
10,cool
10,One of the best action movies
10,There is no dispute that it is the best made of the Terminator series
10,It's the funniest in Terminator Three Director James, thank you Haha
10,What a trick!
10,I saw it again a few days ago, but it's amazing...-_- I deserve to be governor.lol
10,I secretly took out any video and watched Terminator... changed my movie life
9,Of the Terminator series, 2 is the best. Well...
10,I watched it when I was in elementary school, but I couldn't sleep for a few days because I was shocked by the movie.
10,Oh my god
10,Just a bit
10,a masterpiece that will remain in the history of cinema
10,This is the truth of Terminator
10,What more do you need to say?
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece! A masterpiece of a masterpiece!
10,gut, exorcism
1,Star d
10,It's the best movie!
10,Is there another perfect movie that is this crazy thrilling?
10,It's a masterpiece that I really made well!
10,SF masterpiece was recognized for its high expectations and quality
10,There is no SF movie that can match this level of movie yet!
10,A masterpiece that will remain in the history of movies!
10,the first movie to give a rating
10,a great movie
10,I think I've watched it more than 20 times, but I fall in love with it every time I watch it! SF's best!
10,A better sequel than the previous one. It's Terminator 2
10,the best follow-up
10,I dare say, the best science fiction movie of my life!
10,10 years? 15 years have passed, but even now, graphic and action are
10,Is there no jam? I want you to make it
7,suitable for killing time
10,A movie to watch before you die
10,It's the best! It's an attractive SF movie that a girl will fall for
10,I think I saw it a long time ago, but it was fun and it was a masterpiece among masterpieces
10,One of the perfect movies...It's the definition of special effects, and all the directors and actors are the best
10,You're always the best
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,"If the terminator can learn the value of life, we humans can learn it too."
10,It's so much fun
10,Top
10,There is a DVD at my grandmother's house, so I watched it whenever I went to her house, but I think I watched it 70 times. It's a masterpiece
10,Wow~ (No comment needed)
10,The movie that shocked me a lot when I was 7 years old.I don't mind giving him 10 points.It's fun even now.
10,Brother Arnold
10,It was the most groundbreaking movie of my life. This was when I was in elementary school
10,At this time of year...  I think it was 1990. In my country, there was a thunderbolt.
10,I still can't forget the thrill of that time
10,It's the best of the Terminator'
10,If I can carry this to the grave, I'll die
1,Terminator is really good at riding motorcycles
1,I don't like Terminator
10,Who the hell is a rating controller??? I don't know if I've lost track of it.
10,Ah.. I think this kind of movie will never come out again..My thoughts;;
10,I can't forget how moved I was after watching this movie when I was young ^^
10,The best five-fingered work in the Terminator series
10,Arnold, come back!
10,I can't get enough of it even though I watch it a million times.
10,Wow, James Cameron... This person didn't know how to make this movie. = = = I knew it now
1,...it's fun but..The rating is too high. Please adjust it.
10,It was fun to see the minigun mane
10,The Greatest Film in Earth's History
10,Culture shock... the first and last movie you gave me.
10,S-Faction Movie Textbook
10,It was a movie with a favorite worldview among the post-Apocalypse movies.^^~
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
10,As expected, it is a foreign country. Wow... This kind of work
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it. It makes me cry at the end
10,All I can say is the best.
10,A masterpiece... Everything can be expressed in that word. A science fiction film that covers everything.
10,The sequel is one of the most interesting movies.
10,There is no need for words.It's the best!
10,What else do you need to say?
10,It was amazing back then. Personally, it's perfect
10,Among Terminator 1, 2, 3, and 4, this is the funniest
10,최고의 왕이자 왕이다.
10,10 out of 10
10,The people who don't give this movie a score of 10 are the ones who will say that the milk they drink for the first time in their lives tastes bad
10,It's fun to watch it over and over again
10,It doesn't look like a 12-year-old, but it's a perfect movie!
10,Are you a part-timer?
1,Well, I don't know why
10,a much better man than the sequel
10,Best SF Movie
10,a film whose only word is "the best" is the sequel to a prequel
10,be better than Haeundae
10,The best! A classic
10,It's a masterpiece even when I watched it when I was young and now
10,A movie that clearly proved that there's a sequel that's better than the previous one.be short of a rating of ten
10,It's a movie that will win the box office even if you hang it to the theater right now
10,James Cameron's great work is right here.
10,This isn't a movie that can even evaluate a score
10,I can't believe I lost to the national team. I'm so patriotic
10,Top 10 Best Movies of My Life
10,be 100 times better than the national army
10,I watched it at the theater with a nervous heart when I was in middle school.The last one. Thumbs up. It's
10,There's no needless words!
10,I can't get tired of it. It's touching, thrilling, and story good
10,The person who says this movie is not funny is expressing himself as a nerd...
10,Do you need a word?
10,It's legendary.
10,Long live James Cameron!~~
10,Does it make sense that this has a lower GPA than the national anthem? What an immortal masterpiece!
10,A masterpiece ahead of its time! I wish Edward Hullon would have been in the third movie
6,Just
10,2 is better than Terminator 4! Even if it comes out now, it's a success!
10,Cheers!
8,Even now, I can hardly feel the awkwardness.
10,This was the most touching and shocking thing in my elementary school days. The best movie ever! You're the best!
1,It's not fun...
10,The best movie of my life
10,Will be back
10,The greatest film of all time, combining the logic of all things and the truth of life. Just watch it!
10,I don't need to say much. Top.
10,James Cameron... you can see why this director is a genius in this movie.Arnold is the best
10,A masterpiece that I think the results of human ignorant nuclear weapons and machine development have shown well in this film!
10,Top
10,Good,,,,,,,,,,
1,It was fun, but I don't understand that this is number two "Life is beautiful" needs to go up more
10,I haven't seen a movie that beats Terminator 2 so far.
10,Wow, this is an incredible movie!
10,I think this is the best movie
10,He was really surprised when he was surprised. Anyway, it's fun!
10,This is a real movie
10,Thriller and novel movie that can't be believed to have been produced before OOO. I think the director is a genius.
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's fun to watch it again
10,The best movie of my life. It's been almost 20 years, but it's still the best movie
8,Movie sounds good
10,The best movie of my life! Not even the first place!
10,Fun
10,It was a really fun movie. In 1991, the technology wouldn't have been better than now
10,A better movie? I made this movie in '91, but they don't know the shock I felt when I was in elementary school
10,It's so much fun
10,It's not weird even if it's 10 points
10,Good
10,Second only to the national team
10,I watched it again because of my recent work, but as expected...A masterpiece is a masterpiece.
10,I wonder if this kind of movie will ever come out again.
10,It's the best.
10,It's driving me crazy. ㅠㅠ that makes me watch four episodes in a day
10,A movie that you fall in love with every time you watch it 100 times!Will there be a movie like this in the future?
10,It's the best movie ever.
10,If it's 10 times, it's 10 times. If it's 100 times, you have to watch it 100 times
10,If you don't need words, that's awesome
10,Is there another movie like this coming out?
10,It's made by the sheep, but it's a work
10,A movie like this in 1990. The best in the Terminator series. I miss Edward
9,최고의 SF 영화
10,That's good~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
10,The best masterpiece I've ever seen in my fifth year of elementary school
10,A movie that's not enough even if you give me 10 points
10,In a word, it's fun!
10,It's a masterpiece and a movie that's already over, so why would there be a part-time job?;;
10,I'm not lying. I think I've seen this at least five times, but it's still fun!
10,I even dreamt about it
10,I watched it in the theater when I was in the fourth grade of elementary school and it was very interesting.
10,I'm amazed by people who curse
10,The thrill I felt will never come back.
10,Terminator 2 masterpieces. 1st episode was fun.~~
10,다시 올거에요.
10,dang
10,You're the best. Do you need words?
10,It's fun to watch now, but...^^ The shock at that time was really huge.
10,The best masterpiece... It's really fun to watch again
8,돌아올 것이다.
10,Where's the part-time job?Stop talking nonsense
10,No need for the best words.
10,More than an action movie!
10,Will Be Back
10,A movie that I always watch with excitement even after watching it 100 times.
10,I heard "2" is a masterpiece
10,It's coming back. I still have this in my mind.
10,the best movie
9,Isn't this the best masterpiece? I don't need to say this or that.
9,I don't think it's a good idea to win first place.
10,It's a real masterpiece. When I was a kid, I watched this all day long on video.
1,Beggar
1,Why do you have so many part-time jobs?
10,Every movie series 2 was a chase, except for this
10,Arnold with a father-like image, if you look closely at the work, it all comes out as "daddy." Long live daddy!
10,The best movie ever!
10,It's a 1991 movie and it's really awesome. It's the best. lol
10,Lol That's a good rating. I saw it on TV a few days ago, and it's great ^^ even now
10,It's the best. I can't forget it
10,I can't forget the best scene
8,The best character in the Terminator series is T-1000
10,I enjoyed it the most
10,the best
10,Fun...
10,That's awesome
10,The movie "Terminator" made me like it
10,Terminator movie is good
10,10 points for no reason.
10,I like it's good
8,He was a better brother than his brother and his brothers were worse than his brother.
10,I think it's the best movie in the Terminator series
10,Don't talk about SF movie without watching it
4,Governor, hi
1,What do you mean, over-reacting?
10,Terminator. He's a grandfather now.
10,The best SF movie...
10,It's so much fun! crying
1,I'm sorry for lowering my GPA, but I slept ㅜㅜ
10,This is God's work
10,It's so much fun
10,Blade Runner, Dark City and My 3 SF masterpieces in The Bull
10,The director's ending and the theater's ending are different If you watch the director's ending, you'll see the ending.
10,Trending 2 or T4 has depth that can't be matched no matter how much CG...
10,When I was young, my dad bought a videotape and watched it about 128 times.
10,I don't need to talk about it. It's a successful movie.Action SF masterpiece
1,snatched
10,ㅠㅠ It's fun even though I watched it again.
10,a masterpiece without words
10,The Terminator series is all good.
10,There's no needless words! The best movie of my life!
10,It's fun.LOL
10,Terminator should have ended at 2. lol
7,Charming movie, but I guess I'm old now
10,I talk with my friends. It's the best movie I've ever seen.
10,snatched
10,I don't need any other phrases. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a work that completely broke "There's no brother like you."
1,It's a well made movie, but it's really high. There are so many better movies
10,Legends never change!
10,Was this from 1991?
10,A movie that's fun to watch again and again
1,It is a good movie, but the score is too high. You have to lower it
10,A movie that's always fun to watch
10,As expected, Terminator 2!
10,Top
10,I can't believe I can't watch this in the theater.
10,Can I see this movie in the theater while I buy it?
10,It's hard to make a movie like this
10,Oh, my God! This is awesome!
10,Arnold is the best
10,It's the best movie in the world lol
10,Will a movie that surpasses this movie be released after 100 years?
10,It's so touching to see you finish it at the last scene
10,This movie was really the best. for ever and ever
10,It's an eternal masterpiece for me. I think I lack 10 points.
10,The best!
10,10 points is the best
10,As expected, "Wow! Good!"
10,The best masterpiece of my life!
10,As expected of the awesome Terminator!
10,ID jk_r90... It is a movie that came out in the 1980s. Shim Hyungrae. When we filmed a movie wearing a dinosaur mask
10,Are there any more movies like this?
7,It was fun, but I don't think it's the first place
10,It's really the best
10,Best movie with all the blockbusters
10,A great movie
10,Literally the best movie
10,The rating is 10 points!
10,This movie is the best!
10,I have never seen such an interesting movie! You're the best!
10,The best movie of my life!
10,I really enjoyed it
10,the best movie of my life
10,Good
10,The guys who give a point to these movies, they don't have more than 9.50 movies because of them.>
10,This is just the best ^^
10,Story, acting, production, graphics. Perfect score.There's no better movie than this
10,This is just the best
10,the best movie of one's life
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it!
9,I'll Be Back..It's really a renaming movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
10,네가 왜 우는지 이제 알겠어. 하지만 그건 내가..
10,The shock that I couldn't describe when I came out of the theater in 1991  Don't insult the legend!
10,I really want to get rid of the things that I'm cutting my GPAs for movies like this kind of movie
10,Wow, the liquid graphics were so great; and the story too
10,There's no movie like this in the world. High school students can't tell if it's fun even if they watch it, right? Haha
1,The movie that I watched again after watching the new one
10,a masterpiece of philosophy/action/anything
1,Go down!
8,8 out of 10!
10,It's much more fun than the third one
10,a new paradigm A step forward in action?
10,Good
1,(Sound of laughter)
10,Don't fake it
10,I have seen this movie. I want to see it again. You made it so well Thank you
10,It's the best movie ever made.the greatest movie of the nineties
10,The best movie ever
10,The best movie that meets 99% of all evaluation factors, including story, special effects, acting, and sound.
10,T2 is always the best.I'm sorry I didn't see you in the theater.crying
10,I admit it. It's not a movie. It's like a real world truck
10,The Terminator liquid is the best when you turn on the TV. I can't get enough of it
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,It's not even a trick to give it a star rating
10,Cameron and Arnold's greatest masterpiece!~~~
10,Ee-tongue...
10,Wow, the 139 minute movie felt like less than an hour; Arnold Schwarzeneggerong is the best ㅜㅜ
10,It was a great movie in the 90s.
10,Good
10,Let's go. 9.30 points. Go, go
10,the best and last film of one'slol
10,The best masterpiece of Terminator!
10,There's no need for words. The best masterpiece is 10 points. Go, go!
10,I'm the 3000th Netizen participant
1,Oh my god
10,The best movie of my life!
10,After watching the beginning of the future war... The most impressive movie ever
10,None of the existing films outnumber this one.
10,I watched this movie when I was in the second grade of elementary school. Then at the end, the robot cried when it died.
10,an untimely masterpiece
1,(G)I-DLE movies...
1,(Coughing
10,It was released in '91
1,You don't have to believe in ratings
9,RBW, I really like the second episode
1,It's definitely a good movie. However, this level of evaluation is not enough now.
10,You're the best.
10,Do kids who mark such masterpieces without thinking get ratings after watching a movie?
10,Terminator 2 seems to be the only sf that lingers.I can't get enough of it!
10,It's the best
7,It's not enough
10,I can't find a dump It's a masterpiece
10,The sequel is not fun?That doesn't work in this movie. OST and ending are all the best
10,The best movie of my life. If you don't want to be beaten by Arnold, get 10 points
10,Best in the Terminator series. Out of 10. The opening music is so touching.
1,Is there anyone who didn't watch this? First and second place is directed by Cameron. Amazing
10,I watched it 20 times and the more I watched it, it was a masterpiece
10,The action movie that I can't make again. Personally, I can't make it again.
1,Not good
10,One of the best movies!
10,Honestly, those who give 1 or 2 stars didn't get it -- Just think of it as an action movie?
10,Shut up and give me 10 points
10,Terminator 2 is the most interesting. Subjectively, I think Jurassic Park 1 is the best
3,Bored from the middle
10,moving
10,That's a great movie!
10,Ah... At the end of the zone corner, tears...It didn't get better, but I was touched
10,I had a lot of fun with my friends
10,It's as good as it is now. The movie I watched while holding my breath when I was in elementary school...It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
1,It's not--
6,The first episode...
10,Forget Terminator 3, 4
10,To be honest, if you ask me to pick the best movie, I will pick Terminator 2. It is the best movie
10,Good
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
1,Not fun
1,It's just an entertainment movie
10,I want to purposely give you a review for this masterpiece
10,This is fun
1,Why am I not interested in Terminator?
10,Good luck
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life with Titanic.
1,It's fun, but the rating is high
10,The last thumb... James Cameron, a genius director who makes people laugh and cry
10,1992 I watched this movie for no reason. All the action movies that have been released so far are not satisfactory.
10,The movie that flirted with Furlong when he was in DiCaprio's
10,It's the best in the Terminator series
10,I can't forget Edward Furlong's tears
10,What words are needed?
10,Even if there are up to 10 "Terminator," the best action movie, it is a class to catch up with 2
10,I don't think it's a man-made movie. The best movie. Artwork.
10,It's amazing that there are nine points in this movie. 10 points for nothing
10,Oh... That's the best!  James Cameron, eat the best!!!
10,Fire that you can't get enough of even if you watch it 10 times!A masterpiece!
10,It's not an exaggeration to say that it's the best movie of my life.
9,Even if you keep looking at it, you won't get it
10,Good. Good
10,10 points for me! 10 points!
10,10 points is not the best, but it was fun
10,Is it a movie from 1991?
10,the king of movies
10,It's the best
10,The best...
10,Terminator 2 is the best.
10,The power of the m79 grenade launcher! The best follow-up with Alien 2! SF Technology Noir
10,It is a waste of 100 years for a more perfect movie to come out.
10,Top
10,Just eat it
10,Good
10,One word is the best
10,The last segment was all old, but I don't know how the third episode will go...
10,It's always a masterpiece.
10,What do I need to say?Sometimes, I don' When I watch this movie while smoking a cigarette.
10,Good shot!!! I really can't believe this movie was made in 1991.It is 100 times bigger than movies these days
10,I cried at the end crying
10,There is no masterpiece more than 30 years of my life
10,This is the best! This is the best! It's the best! Even if I watch it more than 10 times, it's the best!
10,A movie with a magnificent and beautiful jade t-shirt
10,No matter what anyone says, it's still the best
10,It's so touching every time to time.At the end, crying ㅜㅜㅜ Sad ㅜㅜㅜ
1,Why me?
10,I can't forget Terminator's best work!
10,CG isn't all it's cracked up to be
10,A movie that I watch several times a year on DVD
10,Even the song is good. A movie
10,The most interesting Terminator
10,The funniest movie!!!"
10,Wow, it is OOO movie, but it is better than Terminator 4
4,I'll be back.
10,OOO is still...It's a movie that makes you gasp.It is the greatest work of the time
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,It's really fun
10,The sequel went over the top. There's nothing but praise!
10,Top
10,It's awesome.
10,It was like yesterday when I saw him in the theater two weeks before he joined the army and compared T1 and T2 with his classmates at the training center
10,I think it's the best movie in history
10,What do I need to say anything
10,It's really fun
9,a film that will go down in history beyond the technology of the times
10,A truly great immortal work of deep philosophy, excellent action, etc.
10,It's fun to watch it 10 times
10,It's a great movie
10,The beginning of a big action movie
10,It's amazing even now!The best movie of my life, never before and never will be~10 out of 10 points!
10,John 1 is so funny. It's a masterpiece
10,The Most Innovative Works with Jurassic Park
10,I think this is the most watched movie I've ever seen. It's the best!
10,Re-release it right now
10,I've watched it 40 times. It's a masterpiece! Best movie ever
10,When I was young, I ate ramen without my parents knowing that it was really fun
10,I can't believe this was a movie 20 years ago...
10,I don't need any explanation. Just look.
10,Sigh... This is just the best
10,When I watch this movie, the concept of time disappears
10,Even if the theater is released again, I think we'll see a million again!
10,Legend
10,10 out of 10!
10,It just doesn't need words...
10,I've seen it dozens of times, but it's still the best. One of the greatest masterpieces of this time!
10,It's so much fun
10,A movie that turned the world upside down at the time.
10,an immortal masterpiece,
10,I was scared of liquid liver.It was the best movie in the world
5,It's not that...
10,In SF movies, I can't forget the emotion of Shin Ki Won and Legend.
10,The best in SF
10,There's really no need for words... The best movie ever!
10,It's a masterpiece even if you're a masterpiece! It was the best movie of my life before The Dark Knight came out! Term 4. Damn it.;
10,I saw you when I was in 1st year of high school, but I fainted when I saw the t1000 that changed to the floor, and I learned it after studying CG after OO.
10,I think I know why Arnold is in the Guinness Book of World Records and why he's ranked No. 1 in Hollywood ransom!
10,It is a masterpiece that will remain intact even if it is released in the theater for 20 years like the movie "The Future Seo-on."
10,Oh really recommendation. I cried when I saw it at the end ㅜㅜ
10,-What was the shock of watching this movie?  It's like the shock of primitive man experiencing modern civilization
10,I wish I had been born earlier.
10,It is hard to believe that the movie was made 20 years ago when elementary, middle and high school students were not even born.
10,The movie I watched on video 7 or 8 years ago... It was the best then, but it's the best now!
7,It was a really interesting movie  I saw it today, but it's already first place
10,That's amazing.
10,a wordless piece of art
10,I was touched by the same effect and direction as now.
10,It's disgusting.It touched me.
10,Good, good
10,It's the best movie in the Terminator series!
10,What do you need to say? Judgment Day is the best work that will go down in history. I'm coming back!
10,A movie that is fun to watch more than 100 times. A really perfect movie. James Cameron is a genius.
10,It was really fun and touching
10,King Wang Jjang! Wow! Good!
10,This movie, which combines good lessons, sadness, and technology, is SF. 1991 is an incredible film
10,Wow, good
10,I didn't know that the enemy in Part 1 was an ally in Part 2.
10,If you haven't watched the best movie because you're still young, please watch the happiness itself
10,The action movie that I want to see again with Predator 1 is number one!ㅠㅠㅠㅠ The last scene is so sad...
9,It's the best blockbuster.
10,That's the best. I still remember watching it with my relatives in the past
10,I've been watching Terminator 2, but I can't get enough of it
10,I remember watching it when I was very young. It's always fun
10,V LIVE! 10 years later, it's still fresh
10,Can I see this fresh and shocking SF movie again?
10,The perfect movie. The person who opens it after watching it on TV is out of his mind.  See the release date.
8,If it's a little better than the first one, I'll give you 8.9 points
10,Building explosion was the worst It's like he's playing with fire on a building model
10,It's the best in the Terminator series!
10,No one can deny that the series is the best!
10,Damn it, I still think Arnold Schwarzenegger is a jerk
10,가장 좋은
10,Honestly, I watched it 70 times without revealing the lie, but it was fun even yesterday
10,Even after OOO, there is no SF movie to keep up with.Even now, CG and directing skills are all the best
10,The second one is the best in the series! If it's so fun, make sure to watch it A masterpiece of the century. Edward Furlong. Impressive
10,The best SF masterpiece!
10,10 points
10,Wow.
10,Wow.
10,jackpot
10,I've seen T2 15 times.
10,It's not a movie, it's a great legacy of mankind.
10,It's a masterpiece.
8,a historical work
10,There is no Terminator better than Terminator 2 LOL
10,It's fun. There's a bit of thrills
10,This is a movie
10,The best last scene! Let's make it perfect!
10,I'm so touched~! It's not even comparable to episode
10,It's the best!
10,All I can say is that you're the best
10,It's worth getting first place...
10,It deserves to be number one; how many times have I seen it since I was young? I strongly recommend it!
10,What words are needed? Probably the most famous SF movie in the world.
10,I can't believe it's a OOO movie
10,It's the best!
10,The best series! I'm touched by the last scene
10,A movie that doesn't look like an old movie.
10,Arnold, Mansae!
10,Wow, Arnold's thumb as he goes into the lava. Thumbs up!L
10,Just everyone! SF best with Aileen 2!
10,I don't think it's going to be a movie that will shock you for a long time.
10,Everyone, watch 4 and come back here and leave a comment. 2 is good!I thought 4 was okay
10,So many times I've seen it again, it's T2, continuous action, appropriate messages and lessons
10,the best without words
10,It's perfect... It's so...
10,Toom,
10,It's the best
10,It's really the best
10,I should've ended it in part two.
10,The art of science fiction movies. Video Revolution Suspicious of Production Year 1991
10,To be honest, the order of ratings is 2>1>.................>4>Andromeda>3
10,James Cameron is kind of awesome.
10,It's a masterpiece
10,If you missed the first movie and watched the second one first, you would know that the beginning of the movie is already lost!
10,Who would have imagined this in 1991?
9,After watching up to the fourth movie, I feel again how great the second movie was. It's a masterpiece.
10,Even if I watch it again, it has to end in masterpiece 2...
10,the best movie
10,the best of action movies
10,an action film textbook
10,I can't say anything. It's a waste of 10 movies that touch and leave a lingering impression
10,It's fun to throw up.
10,It's still amazing. I think I would've said everything back then.
10,Wow, this is fun
10,Go to trash movies like 3 or 4 movies. 2 movies are the best
10,the best
10,Needless to say, it's the best
10,It's a legendary movie
10,The crazy best
10,Strongest power
10,It's a legend.
10,The best movie of my life, T1, T2
10,This is so much fun
10,This is "Eonjae, who was 18 years old, changed to 12 years old?" I really want to see a work that exceeds T2
10,If you don't watch it, you'll regret it when you die.L
10,When can SF blockbusters that surpass T2 come out? -_-
10,The best 5movie I've ever seen in Arnold and Cameron's work!
10,cool
10,Combination of countless master lights and perfect actors! What more do you need to say?
10,It's a movie that was released in 1991 when all the audience gave a standing ovation at the theater. Can't you imagine?
10,There is no more Terminator series
10,This is called a masterpiece. The best of SF blockbusters!
10,It's always fun to watch.
10,123 was all fun, but I think the most interesting one is 2
10,There is no need for words. Take a look. Good, good
10,James Cameron is a genius... Will this kind of movie never come out these days?
10,It's fun even now
10,The first movie I saw... It's really fun...
10,A movie that deserves a perfect score on everything
10,Good
10,After a solid story, a well-organized composition, and matrix, the action movie with a lot of content and fun!
10,T4 is empty... How can there be nothing like OOO movies? The great SF movies are T2, T1
10,You're the best!
10,Does this need words?Shut up and 10 points
10,Yes.
10,the best five
1,Why life is beautiful is 9.27... Why is this number 1? 2,700 people participating. 10,000 people from Shawshank
10,Oh... Cook Sackies. That glorious scene
10,I'm watching T4 with T2 HD quality after coming home to relieve my emptiness
10,the best five
10,It's a great movie! I can't watch it!
10,a better part than the first part
10,It is a movie beyond OOO.Even now, I think it's a really well-made movie Back then, it was the best movie
10,GoodLOL
10,the best five
10,ㅠㅠ Terminator
10,Who gives these movies a point? It was released in 1991 and it was the best then...
10,I think it's the best in the series.
10,Cook ruined the Terminator image!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
9,ㅠㅠ The friendship between the terminator and John is wow~
10,The best science fiction masterpiece in history...It's a perfect movie even now
10,Ter4 is fun. I'm worse than Ter2
10,The Terminator will never forget the best movie
10,It's more fun than a cartoon!
10,This is the best!
10,By far the best...
10,Terminator is terminator
10,I just saw Terminator 4. The second installment is the best in the series.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,This is the best movie ever
10,Terminator 1, 2, 3 are all fun
10,I wonder if there will be another movie like this?
9,ISBACK and Terminator's learning ability is so good
10,It's a masterpiece that completely shattered the fact that the sequel is not as good as the previous one. It was the best!
10,Legend
10,Top 5 movies that I really enjoyed watching
5,an amazing movie for the time being
10,Good
10,The best movie of the time
9,a blockbuster production
1,Commercial movies...I don't think so
10,All I can say is the best
10,Unforgettable action, CG, and thumb
10,a masterpiece that will go down in history
10,Movie! Terminator 2 is the only movie that comes to mind.
10,The best movie. When I was young, T1000 was really scary Haha
10,I watched it properly because of Terminator 4, and it's a masterpiece ㅠㅠ
10,It's so much fun even watching it now. Good!!!!!!!
10,If it's a movie like this at that time, it's a new revolution
10,It's a movie that changed my life.
10,It is a movie that I want to use part-time job to get 10 points.
10,Oh, my God. It's my first time giving him 10 points
10,All I can say is that it's the best.
10,Edward, come back
10,Do I need to say something? I will be back!
10,That poster sitting on Arnold's motorcycle is still cool.
10,It's definitely the best in the Terminator series!!!
10,This much in '91.
10,Good, good. Berry, good
10,I have watched this movie so many times since I was young. Best movie ever!
10,What will Terminator 4 be like?
10,You can tell when you see it. It's always fun. I'm sure there's still someone who hasn't seen this, right?
10,a wordless film
10,The scene where a pistol got caught coming out of the cage was the best graphic scene in this movie
10,If you can give this movie a score lower than 8, is that human?
10,gut, exorcism
10,I need to get 10 points for this
10,This movie was released when I was in the second grade of elementary school, but it is still good.
10,I'm trying to calm you down, but at that time, it was amazing!
10,Great! Edward Whealong made the movie luxurious
10,It's a masterpiece that I can't get enough of
10,Good
10,The movie that fits the word "best" the best
10,Top
10,I wonder how such a high-quality work came to be in 1991.
10,If I have 100 points, I want to give 100 points. I don't think more SF movies will come out until I die.
10,I haven't given you a rating yet.
1,This is a movie. It's a good movie where teenagers win money at a bank
10,1991 Released... That's amazing.
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,I didn't know it would be such a masterpiece.
9,a well-made film
10,That's the best. I have nothing to say
10,It will be recorded as the best sf movie in human history
10,The most memorable thing in the Terminator series... The ending was so touching.
10,Top
9,a masterpiece that will go down in the history of action films
10,Every single best movie of my life is impeccable
10,The actors' great acting, the best immersion and tension that the movie itself gives, and the perfect scenario are the best!
10,How can such a movie be said to be 20 years ago. This movie is the revolution of the movie industry itself!
10,No matter how many times I replay it...It's the best... I even memorized all the lines...
1,How is this on Shawshank Escape?
4,I've seen it so many times on TV, but the first place is a bit harsh, but of course it's a good movie
10,When I was 17 years old, I watched it 3 times in the theater. I was so touched. Anyway, it's the best...
10,It's really fun
10,4 is coming out in May now. I am really looking forward to it. A movie that doesn't need words.
10,Definitely the best... The best ever...
10,be beyond description Immortal masterpiece with "The Matrix"!
10,The best fun! The best ending! I was overwhelmed by the movie
10,I could know the movie because of Terminator 2.
10,A moving action masterpiece that will remember the path to movie history!
10,The best... I have nothing to say other than that
10,No words needed.It's a trick
10,It's just a soup of emotion; Arnold is a chu-o
10,If I have to say it again, you're naggingThe best masterpiece of a masterpiece that wouldn't be a waste if you gave 100 instead of 5 stars!!!!
10,I cried when Arnold died in the furnace at the end ㅠㅠ
10,The best movie ever, Arnold Schwarzenegger. When riding a motorcycle, force harpoon
10,It's such a perfect movie
10,Even if it comes out now, it's still number one
10,Is there no 100 points?
8,It was fresh at the time, but...
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece that needs no words.
10,It's been 17 minutes. Best movie ever again ^^
10,It's a waste of 100 points in super high definition.
10,I've watched it dozens of times, but there's no movie like this.
10,The Lord of the Rings, Titanic, and the best Young Lua
10,I'm not bored after watching it dozens of times. You're the best!
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece that makes the thrill and emotion of the whole body stay in my body for a long time!!!!!
10,Even after 20 years and hundreds of times, T2 is the best!!!
9,I'll take it to the second half of 9 points. What's this? The story is so perfect
10,It's really fun lol
10,I saw it, but it's totally crazy
10,There's really no need for words.
10,There's no more movie than this yet
10,If you don't need words, just eat it
10,This movie was released 2 years before I was born. This movie is a legend now...
10,I can't believe I made a movie like this when I was in elementary school... ㅠ.ㅠ masterpiece
10,grape
10,It is a very old movie, but I have seen it more than 50 times since I was young. It is always the best
10,I saw it again a while ago, but it's a masterpiece ^^
10,Wow! I saw it again in OOO.It's the best
10,Blockbuster movies are usually boring if you watch it 2 or 3 times, but it's really fun even if you watch it
10,No matter how many times I see you~~
10,That's great. I think I've seen it a hundred times.
10,Is this really from 1991?
10,The burial surface is a series of shocks and horrors. The best movie that can be released right now!
10,For those who don't know Terminator yet!
10,10 points from the poster is not enough...
10,jackpot
10,I think I've seen it more than 10 times.Re-release now is not tacky at all.
9,Terminator2
10,I'm sorry I didn't see you at the theater.I bought both DVD and Blu-ray titles and watched it more than 100 times
10,I think I've seen it like 10 times. The first movie I watched when I was in elementary school...
10,I watched the best SF movies with my friends when I was young, and I was scared Because of T-1000
10,The content and acting are all the best!
10,It's the best
10,The best movie of my life. I haven't seen any more movies than that far.
10,Just a fun movie
10,The movie with the best ending
10,I love you ㅠㅠ
10,I remember when a woman jumps into my stomach with an airian in the last Airian 2. Good!
10,A really fun movie
10,Now I can draw a movie in my head
10,You can't get less than 10 points!
10,It's so touching ㅠㅠ
10,be moved to tears
10,The best
10,It's a masterpiece. It's the best ever
10,It's a waste of 100 points
9,The second part that's more advanced.
10,It's a legend. It's a masterpiece
10,Top
10,The best movie ever!
10,I can't believe people made this kind of movie. It's a genius director
10,Don't say anything. It's not a movie we can write about. It's a new movie.
10,Even in this era, the CG is also James Cameron...It's great
10,I can't forget the best masterpiece.I miss... Why can't I see such a masterpiece these days?
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger's is so cool><haha>
10,Even if there's a movie that's as easy as this one, there won't be five
10,I've never seen a more interesting movie in my life
10,This is it!
10,If there's anyone better than Terminator 2, come out. You're making me do a good movie
10,Great action scene, plus touching... It's a really great movie.
10,Arnold is awesome
10,Good
10,Willbeck
10,It's a dream!
10,If you look here, the CG is...  But it's still the best movie
10,The greatest masterpiece that shocked the appearance of liquid metal man.
10,It's good to see the Ddabong scene more than 50 times, but Ddabong is the best.
10,I think I know why humans cry.But I can't shed tears.I'm so touched!
10,Good
7,A sequel that took off the analog vibe and became more aggressive
10,a masterpiece of needless description The ending is so touching.
10,I watched it on TV yesterday and it's hard to believe that it was a movie a decade ago
10,I'm afraid I'll come out in my dream.
10,a masterpiece
10,Best movie ever. The guy who did not watch Terminator in '91.
10,It's a perfect movie that doesn't even exist in Hollywood
10,It's kind of dope
10,This work confirms why Cameron is a genius
10,Definitely the best James Cameron movie ever!
10,I think it's better than the original, and if it's a movie like that in that era, it's a masterpiece!
10,The background music and the future look are the best!
10,To be honest, those who give 1 point are trash. I don't know up to seven points...
10,What do you need to say? Ten points are not enough.
10,The interaction between machines and humans, and the action scene that takes attention, and indescribable emotions intersect.
10,Top 10 Best Movies
10,It's been a while since we saw each other, but as expected, 10 points
8,It's a classic movie that can't be compared to most recent action movies.
10,It's so much fun
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's a powerful movie
9,I don't think the word "masterpiece" fits this well. Scared in the last scene
10,I remember enjoying watching cable TV.
10,TERMINATOR is so fun. Good
10,That's it for Hollywood movies.
10,Arnold, Hollywood's best movie! We have to kill those guys who give us 1 point for fun. Without those guys, we're 9.9
9,This is a legend.The liquid terminator was so scary.I must say nagainst you
10,The best action movie! I hope 4 comes out soon.
10,Whenever I see you now, whenever, no matter how many times I see you, you're so cool!
10,The Terminator is cool, and the subzero water is cool
10,It's fun to watch it 100 times
10,It's fun even now
10,This movie is the best It's fun and I don't get sick of it
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I see it, I can't get enough of it
10,It's a movie that has everything including touching, action, and thrill. Arnold's best movie
10,The best movie ever
10,I can't believe that 386 computers made this kind of science fiction movie 17 years ago when it was rare.
10,One of the best action SF masterpieces
10,I don't think there's a better movie than this one
10,a super masterpiece
10,The best movie of my life! I think I watched it about 15 times! A movie that I want to keep until I die
10,The greatest villain of all time... T-1000
10,It's the best! It's so much fun!
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,It's a great movie
10,It's the best!
10,What are the 10 movies that will be fun to watch again and again and again and again? I want to give 100 points
10,The Force of a Masterpiece. 17 years in the dark.
10,1 is more fun. Thrilling point 1
10,Don't you need words?
10,You're the best!
10,Honestly, it's a perfect score
10,The GPA of 5 to 10 is excused.
9,A movie that's 10 years ahead of its time... The scenario is absolutely perfect
7,It's more wonderful and better than 1.I definitely recommend you to watch it!
10,It's always fun. Arnold is the best
10,I'm not lying. I've watched it 100 times
10,It's the best in the Terminator series
10,It's the best movie
10,It's so fun.
10,This movie is the best ㅠㅠ~출I want to appear, too^^
10,It was fun because it wasn't boring.
10,I was really touched when the Terminator went down with the chain at the end.
10,The best masterpiece of my life!
10,A movie storyline that really doesn't need explanation is the best movie that doesn't have OOO in any movie
10,Best action movie with proper CG.These days, action movies with lots of CG are dizzy.
10,It was on TV yesterday, so I watched it again, and as expected, it's the best!><
10,Ah, the explosion scene is not a miniature, it's a real building explosion.In 20th century movies...
10,The Terminator series is all out of 10!
10,The best movie
10,I didn't know that the special effects of that time were so surprising.
10,Ah! This movie is so much fun until the first and third movies! Out of 10, 10 points!
10,It's so much fun. No.1 movie I've ever seen
10,Arnold's best film without words
10,It really brought tears to my eyes as the Terminator fell into the furnace and gave me a thumbs-up.
10,좋아!
9,A movie that captures everything that an entertainment movie can show. It is one of the best movies.
10,It's the best!
10,A masterpiece!
10,Oh, Edward Furlong. Please come back at this time. Stop the drugs. Please, Edward Furlong
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,The movie that I really enjoyed! The big movie!
10,One of the best masterpieces of my life. I don't want to get sick of it
10,It's the best in both box office and film quality
10,Even if it's out of 100, I'll give you 100 points.
10,Good, good, good!@@@1
10,I felt Arnold Schwarzenegger's force.
1,I feel bored in the middle...
1,a movie that is appropriate for 9.0
10,The rule is that a movie that has been successful in the first movie fails in the second movie and becomes successful in the third movie. This is a movie that goes against it.
10,The last scene is the best
10,First place ever
10,In a word, it's the best
10,The actors' acting skills are really outstanding. That's cool. That's the best.
10,a masterpiece without words
10,In short, it's the best
10,the greatest masterpiece that can't be overcome no matter how many years go by
10,This is something different in the Terminator series. It's so much fun. I like Terminator.
10,It was quite worth watching. Rather than watching the exhibition,
10,It's a masterpiece! The last scene is touching
10,The poster is overwhelming
10,I like both movies, but I like 2 the best ^^Haha
10,See you next time. It's been 17 years since I was a rookie, but it's the best movie I can share with the latest movie.
10,It's the best. I think it's the first time I've ever felt emotional seeing a robot^^
10,Great graphics are the best.
10,Incredible film technology from '91. Best.
10,a masterpiece of long standing I know why you're crying. It's something I can't do.
10,The unforgettable Abil bag...
10,Top
10,Out of 10!
10,Wow, this is the best! Guns, come on out of course!
10,The best movie I've ever seen
9,What words are needed!
10,There is no need for a long explanation. Inseok was as great as his brother, although he was as great as his brother.
10,I really enjoyed watching old movies when I was young
10,It's a great movie
10,The best movie ever!
10,When it first came out, it was really cool
9,The movie I watched in middle school, I think it is the best movie in the Terminator
9,It's less refreshing than 1, but considering it's 91 years old, '-'
10,It's the most interesting action movie I've ever seen. Good
10,This kind of work should not be viewed as a garbage DVD Look at the Blu-ray Cap's 17 gigabytes
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece is the best!
10,Make sure you watch it before you die! Before you regret it...
10,There's no need for words! Buy a DVD and watch it!
10,The image quality is the best on DVD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,A movie that doesn't need words. be a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,It's really hard to hold back tears at the end. I think he's the best terminator.
9,Terminator. Until now, good
1,How is it 9.2?
10,I've seen this since a long time ago, but I'm not sick of it
10,It's the best movie ever. I don't get tired of watching it 30 times
10,the best movie
10,movie contents, action, OST, etc.A movie that's close to perfect...Will a movie like this come out again?
10,Terminator 2 that you can't get enough of even after watching it 50 times
10,I think a really fun movie is one that you can't get tired of
10,i'll be back...That's awesome, Mr. Schwarzenegger
10,It's the best movie in my life, or Hollywood history. a perfect movie from alpha to omega
10,I can't get enough of it. good~!
10,a great movie
10,A movie that will be shown until the human race is terminated
10,There is no need for words.
10,I'm touched even when I see it again
10,the best action movie
10,No matter how many times I look at it...
10,It's the best movie in Hollywood history.
10,From the beginning to the end, you can't take your eyes off of the action and story!
1,It's not that
10,Good
10,There is no need for words.
10,Wow, as expected, it is one of the best R movies
10,The best action movie ever made
10,It's just the best
10,Why don't you make this kind of movie these days? It's much better than the movies that come out these days
10,an impressive film
10,The Terminator is the hero of the future, Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,Rhetoric is just a luxury.
10,One of the best movies of my life needs to be rated higher.
10,The rating has been lowered, so I have to raise it more, the best movie
10,Best movie in the Terminator series. Arnold Schwarzenegger's best film.
10,I liked the second part of Terminator the most
10,That's cool.
10,Best SF Movie
10,Terminator Has Come
10,It's fun... The best...
10,This movie is a thumb.
10,A really great movie
10,crack, smash, with a crack.
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger is the king
10,It's a pity that it's still impossible to make a movie like this in Korea after 17 years
10,The only movie that made me feel more than I imagined!
10,It's a masterpiece beyond description.
10,It was the best sf in the early '90s
10,Good
10,It's a great movie.
10,Even if I look at it now, it's the best...How did they make it so well?
10,If it had been made according to this scenario, it would have definitely topped the world's box office Titanic...
10,The best movie I watched after waiting for two hours to get a ticket in 12-year-old Daegu!
10,The best movie of my life... There is no fault at all.
10,I sat on the stairs and watched it because there was no space when I opened it, but it's flawless even now.
10,I think I've seen this 15 times. Every time I see it, I always see it to the end.lol
10,Do you need a word? Just a legend! I recommend director director's cut. It's "more" great
10,It's a lot of fun
10,You're the best. Especially when you smile
9,The main theme of Terminator is still ringing in my ears
10,"Gugasdjgasdj" scored 1 point for everything?Anyway, this movie was fun
10,It's really fun. It's the best. But the rating before watching it is 7.14
10,No matter how much you yield, it's an innovative work of video technology that's five years ahead of its time! The extreme of SF action!
10,sponsor
1,Who made this for me?Arnold's everything
10,The movie that made me a fan of Arnold when I was 11 years old
10,I can't believe this movie was made in 1992. I think our country still can't make it
10,It would've been a big hit if we didn't get 3. I'm sorry to hear that.
10,I didn't know it when I was young, but when I saw it again, the production was truly amazing.
10,the pinnacle of science fiction The best entertainment movie
10,The best movie I've ever seen!
10,Top
10,Well, it's a masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,Terminator 2, do you need anything to say?
10,the best movie of all time
9,gut, exorcism
10,It's the best movie. It's not boring even if you watch it again.
10,The tension is the best.
10,Top
10,I just give 10 for liking it, but what do you do to give 1 point like this?
10,a work of science fiction Touched by the special effects, touched by the last line in front of the furnace...
10,I watched more than 60 times because I did not do one of the famous SF action paintings.
10,There's a sequel as big as the previous one! 10 points is not enough. I want to give you 20 points.The touching SF action, the historical drama.
10,I'm so desperate to score-- what are you doing? I log in for the first time and raise my GPA
1,It was boring
10,Two big SF movies. Terminator 2 & Matrix
10,Legendary movie...(Shaking)
10,정말 잘했어!
10,It's just go
10,Youngwa who quenched his thirst for action...I don't think there's an action movie that's funnier than this...
10,Arnold's best film should be given 10 or 15 points
10,The best movie of my life with Shawshank Escape
10,The special effects are amazing!
10,What's the concept of those who give 1 point? What a great movie
10,Babies talking about CG with a movie 17 years ago... I have nothing to say.LOL
1,The worst movie of my life... what a waste of a point
10,I think the second movie is the best in the Terminator series
10,It's the funniest thing in the universe It's both entertaining and artistic. It's the king
10,It's so much fun.&gt-&lt My style! The main character is cool!
10,This is so much fun. &gt_&lt is my style
10,The best movie of my life...It's the best movie in 1991
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's a legend.
10,It's a movie that makes you nervous no matter how many times you watch it! It's just the best!
10,When I saw it at the theater, it was just the best, at a loss for words
10,Good
10,How did you make it? That's interesting.
10,You're the best even now!
10,Even now, the special effects are wonderful. Best Hollywood movie I've ever seen!
10,The long running time is not boring at all and ILM is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,There is no need for words.He's just the best!
10,The story has no loopholes and great special effects are perfect for a 10-point cycle.
10,That was the funniest one among Terminator Sirz
10,It's hard to be frustrated even now
10,It's a lot of fun.
6,Just a fun game movie
7,As expected, Terminator
5,It was okay, but it wasn't a memorable movie
1,You're the best
10,the best movie
10,I bought a video, a DVD
10,It's fun even now
10, claws and fangs, clutches,  an indispensable thing,  a key vassal, a righthand man.
10,It's the first sequel that's funnier than the first one
10,The best movie I've ever seen is still in my possession
10,Terminator 2 is more fun than 1. It's a masterpiece!
10,needless words
10,a movie of coolness
10,A wonderful film that shows both human folly and righteousness! Special effects are the best
10,Teenagers, do you know the syndrome when T2 was released? Ask 30s.
1,Will Be Back
10,In the last scene, I can't help but give you a rating of ten;
10,One week people really, really don't understand.  Isn't it the best movie ever?
10,작은집에 갔다 올게
10,Geunyang is the best! There's no need for words!
10,The best masterpiece in the Terminator series...What more words do we need?
10,The best action movie of my life
10,What do you need to say? Will Be Back!
10,There is no need for words.The greatest hero and the greatest movie of all time!!!
10,I remember seeing you under the blanket when I was a sophomore in elementary school.lol
10,It's sad
10,Best movie, better than the previous one!
10,I don't need words. It's a masterpiece of the century.
10,Terminator's best work is definitely 2
10,It's the best. As expected of Schwarzenegger
10,A masterpiece that went beyond the previous record!
1,I don't like it... I should look forward to 4 The CG stinks
10,I'm impressed.
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,You don't need to say anything
10,That's the best. That's all. How did he make that movie?
10,It's a movie that captures action, thrills, and emotions at the same time. Good, good, good!
10,The poster is the best! I was touched by the furnace at the end
10,17 years later, the best movie that is not OOO at all.Oh, Will Be Back!
10,Is there anyone who didn't watch this?
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Two SF masterpieces with Alien.
10,It's been more than 20 years since the first episode came out, but I'm still thrilled
10,The best!
10,Terminator 2 is the best movie in Hollywood It's the biggest hit in the world.
10,Best, best, best. A movie that can't be put into words.
10,Oh, the movie that will never be erased in my life.
10,The best movie of my life!
8,Last but not least, touching...
10,You can call it a legend. I want to give you 12 points.
10,Shut up, masterpiece, especially the last one
10,I can't believe the rating is 7.27. It should be 10
10,It's the best episode of Terminator series!
10,Wow, good
10,the best film of all time
10,The best movie of my life!
10,How many times did I see you again? I don't know...
10,It's the best... No words needed.
10,It was the best movie at the time~~
10,The best director of humanity brought the film technology forward by 10 years...
10,The latest production of 2008 is as good as it is The same will be true in the next 10 years
10,The first place movie
10,What more do I need to say? The legend of SF movie
10,It's a masterpiece that makes me thrilled
10,A movie that has been in shock for a while
10,It's touching. I want to see it again ^^
10,I don't know which movie you're going to give me 10 points.Out of 5 points, I -_-;
10,I can't get enough of it even if I keep looking at it nowI can't believe it was made in 1991.I can't speak
10,It's fun even if you keep watching it
10,Terminator 2 is amazing
10,Last but not least, touching
10,The limitations of action ended with this one film...
10,This is the legend
10,The best movie that's hard to say. Shut up, high definition. At least two gigas.
10,You said it's the best, but what's 3 or 4 points? Anyway, the best movie right now
10,How nice it would be if I saw it at the theater at the time - the title alone is touching.
10,A masterpiece of a science fiction movie. ㅜㅜ
10,It's so much fun. Arnold K. Chojjang
10,I.W.Y. bag
10,The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,What if it's not a perfect score?
10,One of the most interesting works in Hollywood movies...
8,Only 2 of the Terminator series are accepted. a masterpiece of a science fiction film
3,Top
10,Edward Furlong played a big role in making the movie a masterpiece. How can you put it in a minor role on Naver
10,I want to say that I'm the best in SF action
10,It's so touching that it's hard to describe.the best Hollywood action film
10,The fact that this kind of movie came out before I was born... It's creepy.
10,It's one of the masterpieces that will remain in people's memories for a long time.
10,I've watched more movies
10,I saw it again today. As expected, you're the best!
10,No words needed
10,I think 10 points are for this kind of this
10,You're always the best
10,I'm still thrilled.
10,It goes without saying that it's the best.
10,It's a masterpiece that's still touching and fun even when you watch it again!
10,It's so much fun. It's the best
10,Even if it's an old movie, it'll open up even if it's released these days
10,I can't express it in words
1,The graphic is totally tacky. It's from '91
10,I saw it today, too. You're the best
10,Scenarios and special effects that are still there.
10,I think I've seen this 10 times. Arnold Schwarzenegger's charisma remains.
10,Top
10,Terrific.
10,It's been a while since I've seen it. It's the best movie in the Terminator series
10,Why is this an 18-year-old sensual?
10,Video is also video, but OST is art... Every time T1000 comes out, it's really scary.
9,The idea contained in SF is not light.
10,The first week person doesn't have feelings or doesn't seem to understand the movie itself
10,Even if you watch it now, the 3rd ending...
1,It was worth watching when I was a kid.
10,Best masterpiece. No words needed. It's always the best, even if you look at it again and again and again.
10,Part 3 shouldn't have come out~~
10,As expected, masterpieces are timeless.
10,All I can say is the best
10,I saw you on the cable yesterday. The truck scene, the helicopter scene. Of course, it's the best!
9,Whenever I forget, I watch it again and it's amazing every time after time
10,You're the best!
1,The garbage graphicLOL
10,Let's forget about three
10,All I can say is that you're the best.
10,Asdalavista baby~
10,The LA chase scene is awesome
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,This movie should be 9.99 or higher.
10,The most perfect movie in the history of movies!
10,Wow... Is there really a sequel that succeeded this much?L
10,Jamie, who is not inferior to one, is a masterpiece
10,The movie I watched when I was young
10,The people who get 1 point don't seem to understand the movie. It's a masterpiece
10,This big movie isn't coming out. The best movie ever!
10,I wonder if there will be another movie like this in my life.The best movie of my life!
10,James Cameron, I hope you will be reborn as a masterpiece in the 21st century
10,It's the best movie ever
10,Good, good, good! 17 years after watching it in high school...LOL
10,What's the point?Definitely the best SF movie ever seen.
7,It's fun
1,Why is the score so high?
1,It's no fun
10,As expected, Cameron's movie has little to criticize
1,Is this the famous movie?
1,..I don't feel anything
10,I saw him on TV today, and he fell into the last furnace and cried when he raised his thumbcrying
10,At the end, in the furnace...
10,It's the best! It's the best!
10,The lingering effects of Arnold and Robert Patrick's performance and the suspenseful production are still...
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger looked great for the first time -,,-;
10,You're the best!
10,Arnold's pose and artistry. Two rabbits
10,If you get 1 point, you're a loser.I enjoyed this movie so much.
10,What a great movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It's a hard movie to come out again
10,Man's fear of man's making and man's elimination
10,This graphic in 1992 is amazing!!! I'm so touched! The best!
9,I enjoyed it in my own way
10,It's the best movie ever
8,I remember standing in the theater when it was released
9,It's the best in the Terminator series
1,..;; ...I have nothing to say;
1,It's not that
1,Was I the only one who was bored?
1,It's not that
8,I... I cried.
1,I don't know if it's because the expectations are high
1,Not good for me, that's all
1,Am I the only one who's not funny?
10,I've seen it more than 20 times since I was 8 years old, but I still can't get enough of it
10,The shock that I saw in the theater on the opening day of OOO is still vivid.
10,10 points for sure
1,I'm the only one who thinks it's weird.100 1004. Is your name KYUNG JUN? - -
1,A movie that doesn't suit me, that's all.
10,The best of the trilogy.
10,As the title says, this movie is like a terminator!
10,I haven't watched this movie yet, so I watched it now. First of all, even if the running time is long, it's not boring and fun. ^^
10,the best five
10,To me, movies are divided before and after Terminator 2
10,I'm so touched at the last one!11
10,It was the best
10,Terminator is the best!
10,There is definitely no movie more interesting than this one.
10,If you go to a TV store, there are movies that play at the same time.
10,I remember when I was a kid, concentrating so hard that I couldn't even have a bite of popcorn at the movie theater.
10,I have nothing to say but a really awesome movie. I'm lucky to see this movie.
1,I don't like it... It's too high
1, overestimate,  overestimate, overrate, overvalue
1,I don't think action suits me.;
1,A movie that doesn't hit me
10,I used to weep when Arnold was a kid when he fell into the furnace of the thumb at the end
10,When I was in elementary school, I think I've seen him more than 10 times since then. But it's always the best...
10,It's amazing even now. Back then?
10,Arnold is the best!
10,It's a great movie even now!
10,It's the best, but when did it turn 18? I just did a T-secretary and she's 15 years old!
10,The best of the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words!
10,This is the best.
10,Terminator, he was my hero
10,Arnold is awesome
10,I don't think everyone knows the shock of this movie.
10,The best...
10,I won't hesitate to pick the best movie of my life among the movies I've seen for 30 years.
10,She's worse than Transformers LOL
10,a sad movie
10,That's the best. 2 is the most fun in the Terminator series
10,The best! The best!
10,the greatest work
1,The original was rather shocking.
10,Honestly, it's a 1991 movie. This is the best
10,Why did you make the third movie?
8,It's not as good as I expected
10,I watched it for the first time recently, but it's still touching and well-made
10,It was fun
1,The rating is too high.It's better than Transformers
8,Jim shows a clumsy scene - -
10,The scale is too big to be called 1991... All I can say is that it's amazing
9,It's a famous painting.
1,Too bad. It would have been better to be Choi Minsoo than Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,A really good movie that touches my heart.
10,The first episode was amazing, but there was a brother who was better than you
10,This is really a masterpiece!
10,The movie that I watched in shock 10 years ago ^^
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,one of the few sequels to surpass the previous one
9,a well-made entertainment film
10,Good
10,It's so spectacular
10,I watched this movie again today, but it was no match for me;; It was the best in the series
10,Wow, the best in the series
10,It's a bit...
10,It was really the best! I missed you the most! It was the best!
10,What day was Terminator 2 and Matrix 1 on Saturday the 26th?
10,It's a masterpiece that's ahead of the time when entertainment, organization, and acting completely pull off everything with emotion
10,It's fun!
10,a wordless film
10,The only word that comes out is "good." It's really a masterpiece
10,a series of masterpieces in the first movie
10,How can you make it so well?
10,다시 올거에요.
10,As expected, it's fun to watch it's fun.I hope to see you again on Lunar New Year's Day or Chuseok.
10,It's so much fun. . . .
10,It's been 16 years.As expected, I enjoyed watching it then, too.Famous paintings! CG movies can't keep up
10,firm
10,I didn't expect to see you on TV again. It's very interesting. a film that does not require verbal explanation
10,Secretary Woo Tee, you'll see this movie again.
10,At a time when I didn't even know it was computer graphics, the impact of the T-1000...
8,10 points at the time of release, 6 points at the moment... Except, of course, the trend of the times in science fiction.
10,Top
10,I watched all the versions that came out! Deleted edition, undeleted edition, director's edition, etc It's so much fun
10,I used to watch it well, but it's still fun!
10,Terminator is the best
9, 큰
10,As expected, it's still worth seeing... It's cool!
10,I think it's the movie I've seen the most in my life. But if OCN does it now, I'll definitely watch it
10,Ah, it's really fun! I think this is a real movie.
10,There really can't be a movie like this in the future!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,"Occn" will be aired without permission
10,Even after 10... Even after 20 years... Terminator is a masterpiece.
10,Good
10,Wow, they just saw it on OCN. It's really the best!
10,No matter how many times I look at it, it's flawless. The best...
10,It's the best. This movie is the best.~~~
10,Best movie. There's no better movie.
10,Is my brain not working well?You can't compare your old and current graphics
10,It's an immortal movie
9,Wordsless Best of Best
10,다시 올거에요. 굿굿
10,It's totally good! There's no movie that's funnier than this
10,Robot from the future. Saving a boy for the future. A scene where you pierce your head with one go
10,Transformers? Movies like this, except for graphics, that are beer bottles... It is not comparable to Tumnay 2
10,The best movie of my life.
8,The groundbreaking computer graphics... Huge scale... As expected, James Cameron
10,Will there be another movie like this?
10,I even used my parents' ID to give them a rating. Touching in the metal scene ㅠㅠ
10,the best movie of the '90s
9,It's fun
10,I don't usually watch movies like this.I fell in love ㅠㅠㅠ
9,I still can't forget...
10,I can't forget it
8,a movie with a force that overshadows the years
10,It's the best.
10,It's not enough to say that 100000000000 is the best! A movie that really shines in history!000000000
10,There's nothing like that. It's the best
1,It's good
10,I watched it again for the first time in 10 years, and I'm still impressed with the best action!
10,Why only 10 points?
10,A movie worth 10 points
10,I saw it 104 times since I was in 2nd grade
10,I became a fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger after watching this!
10,a masterpiece beyond the previous onePart 3 is less than expected.
10,The best movie that's flawless
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger. Wow!
10,Edward, come back at this time
10,Cameron's greatest trick that can't get enough of time
10,A Perfect Made Masterpiece Beyond Hollywood Well-Made
10,Cameron's best movie! A great legend...
1,It's not fun and touching
1,the worst movie of my life
10,Terminator 4 wants James Cameron to be the director
10,Of course, Terminator 2 is good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,I really enjoyed the movie I watched the most in my life Out of 10!
10,As expected, there's no one who can match this action
10,Good
10,The movie that I watched when I was in 8th grade... But why is it an 18-year-old viewer?
10,The movie I watched twice at the theater after paying for my money.  I still remember the excitement when I first saw it
10, masterpiece, masterwork
10,You're the best!
10,I watched it 5 times because it was fun, but I want to watch it again
10,....It was more interesting than the first one
10,After watching this movie, a liquid terminator came out in my dream for three weeks.
10,The best CG technology of the time is still fun
10,Sixteen years ago, the most respected person among teenagers was Admiral Yi Sun-shin, the second-ranked Terminator
10,It's just the best!
10,Ah... It's so much fun. And when Arnold entered the furnace, he almost cried.
10,Best in the Terminator series!
10,It's a movie that really doesn't need words
10,That's cool. I don't need words
10,The best movie of my life that I've seen 20 times only in the theater...!!
10,One of the coolest movies of my life!
10,an astonishing film after watching it
10,The best movie I've ever seen
10,Action movies can also be included in masterpieces.
8,It's kind of boring right now.
10,I've never seen a movie as good as this one
10,The best movie that I can't forget until the last day! There's nothing missing!
10,It was so touching and the most interesting movie I've ever seen
10,I was so close to T-Cheon at the end
10,It was a movie that I watched when I was in elementary school. It was perfect
10,It's perfect!
9,I enjoyed watching it
8,Terminator series is all fun
10,the greatest masterpiece
10,The movie that made me know Edward Fallon and Schwarzenegger
10,an unforgettable masterpiece
10,It's a masterpiece
10,It's the best no matter how many times I see it again!
10,Because it's the best
9,It was the best when it was released, but how would it be now? one of the few two better than one
10,The best SF action piece!A strange twist that continues with Lesson 1! The Terminator!a masterpiece
10,The great actor of action movies... It's been a long time since I've been out of power.
10,It's a shame that only the third episode didn't come out
10,고 i 곧 돌아올께요.
10,Is there another movie like this?
10,There's no need for words!
10,I look back on myself in the theme that resembles a human being!
10,It's not just the amazing CG, but the movie's completeness and story composition
10,I will never forget this movie until the day I die
10,I won't forget the liquid liver until I die.
10,a hell of a movie
10,It is over 15 years old, but the masterpiece is still a masterpiece.
10,Cool
10,I kept my promise that I would see my son again someday.Haha
10,A movie that's already ahead of its time. I've watched it 100 times more, but it's still fun
10,a spotless film
10,I just feel bad for the kids who don't know this movie.
10,the greatest action movie of the 20th century
10,There is no Arnold after T2.
10,One of the best movies of good SF
10,James Cameron's masterpiece, the Cypi film
9,Infinite adrenaline
10,What words do I need?
10,a masterpiece of action films needless words
10,It was more sophisticated and fresh than any other science fiction material that came out these days. The best of the best.
10,It was really fun
10,It is the best movie ever. Screenplay, special effects, roles, etc.
10,Good
10,I've never seen a movie like this in my life cool
10,the best five
10,Will there be a movie this big?
10,This is one of my favorite movies
10,There's no better sequel than the previous one, but...This is...
7,Terminator at the pinnacle of action. I don't forget the grimness at the end of the end.
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most in 30 years of my life...This is enough, right?
10,The best of action movies!
10,It's the best! Two gags in the Terminator series! The best work!
10,Anyone who doesn't give 10 points for this is a person who lacks intelligence or doesn't know how to watch a movie
10,What's wrong with him? The best movie ever!
1,a trash movie
10,It was created in 1991, but the future of the story is valid until 2020
10,The best!!! No more movies!!!
10,one of the few movies I've seen without a moment of boredom
10,The movie that I watched more than 10 times
10,Why isn't this masterpiece coming out? Let's be touched these days
10,The best movie of my life
10,I definitely recommend James Cameron, Michael Bay, and Steven Spielberg!
10,In the last scene, when you go into the furnace... "Thumbs up." It was touching.ㅜㅜ
10,I just saw it. It's so touching.
10,Good
8,The charm of Cameron and Arnold Ong, who mixes cinematography and box office success.
10,This is the best movie in the world of SF.I watched it 5 times. Some people watched it more than 100 times.
10,a movie that made Terminator
1,The legend of that time is not a legend now. Compared to the graphic, it's trash
10,The best special effects at the time
10,좋아!
10,It was a legend in those days
10,I miss Arnold hyung
10,It's so horribly funny! Sci-fi movie classic!
10,2 is the best. A masterpiece
10,Immortal...!
10,YikesLOL I'm sleepy
10,The Greatest Creativity in Film History T-1000
10,I can't believe that this fancy action was made in the year I was born.
10,I'm really getting goosebumps. I'm honored to see this movie. I command you not to go Oh my god
10,I command you not to go! Edwardian boy
10,It's the best.
10,This is a movie
10,Only a few nerds can ignore the only recognized work in Hollywood
10,Terminator 4 is coming out, but no matter what sequel comes out, 2 is the best!
10,A movie 20 years ahead!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,CG that is comparable to movies these days. This is a masterpiece
5,Shocking technology and Arnold's OO...
10,As expected, it's fun!
10,I saw it 12 times. I'm going to see it 88 times more.
10,Personally, I don't think it's a bad idea to show it in theaters now.
10,You're the best! Will Vweak!
10,Arnold Hyung's charisma is perfect
8,I can't get enough of it whenever I can't get enough of it
5,It's just
1,Now that I see it...
10,Even if it's a movie these days, it's a great level
10,Governor Arnold is awesome
10,a masterpiece
10,Will Be Back...
10,It's better than the first one, the second one. be rare in
10,It's better than a single movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie
10,Even if this movie is released now, it doesn't lag behind in CG.
10,곧 돌아오겠오
1,It's too obvious.
10,How can I make a movie like that?
10,I have nothing to say, but it's the best
8,As expected, something is different when Cameron makes it. Personally, I like the first one better
10,Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good
8,다녀올게
10,A masterpiece out of all masterpieces! The best movie!
10,Ah, the most interesting Terminator series.
10,More than I expected
10,I really really wanted to come back.I cried when I was young
10,The last scene that will remain in the history.And I'll be back
10,It's the best...Why is it so sad at the end?ㅜㅜ
10,It's not tacky at all even now.The perfect texture and technology comparable to CG are amazing
10,Masterpiece of masterpiece Terminator. The movie that touched my heart
10,It's a movie that boldly broke the saying that any movie sequel is not fun
10,There is no need for words.
10,James Cameron had a major accident in '91
10,I watched it more than 10 times. The movie I regret not seeing in the theater when I was young!
10,A movie that you want to watch again and again!
10,Good
10,It was so much fun The most interesting movie in the Terminator series, 90s, is good
10,It's in the top five, as everyone does. No, it's not No.1
10,Two of the best movies of my life... Shawshank escape... And Terminator 2
10,Once you see it, you become a mania.
10,She loved Linda Hamilton so much after watching this.
10,Why do people go crazy about Terminator?That's amazing...
10,Best Action Movie!!!
10,I will be back. It was a buzzword at the time.
10,Earth's greatest science fiction masterpiece, the shock of the theater at the time, is beyond words
10,the pinnacle of science fiction
10,It was really fun every time I watched it.Furlong is so handsome
10,When I was in elementary school, I liked YOLIN when I did this on TV.L
10,No need to say the best to say
10,I need 10 points more than you
10,It's hard to describe this movie in words. I think 10 points is also less.
10,The battle between a good robot and a bad robot.It's the best screenplay I've ever seen
10,There were no seats in the theater, so I watched it standing... It's a masterpiece that's in the top five!
10,The best movie of my life... I don't need any more words.
10,It's the best. The last scene of Terminator's thumb is the unforgettable scene!
9,There's nothing to say. You're the best
1,I made it too much, so I got 1 point[Laughing]
10,a wordless film
10,Terminator...an immortal masterpiece
1,I am generous
10,I've seen it many times already, but... A movie that I can never forget.
10,Underdeveloped countries like South Korea cannot make such SF movies even after 100 years.
10,Good
10,Korea can never make this kind of movie. Pathetic. Cry country
10,Please make a lot of movies like this!
10,I made a mark in SF movie.
10,Within 10 minutes of starting, the money will be paid. The rest is a bonus! But an incredible bonus
10,a movie still in one's possession
10,The Legend of Memories
10,It's been more than 10 years, but I can't get it out of my head.I think I'll remember it forever.
10,Even I, who was an elementary school student at the time, saw it a few times more. No words needed.
10,a wordless film
10,James Cameron...let's fund it indefinitely and make it compulsory every year!
10,You're the best!
10,I'm amazed no matter how many times I see it!
10,See you, baby! ㅜㅜ 쵝오~!!!
10,A movie that's always fun to watch.
10,I watched it 100 times.
10,10 points!
10,I'll stop here
10,recommendation, recommend
10,the main seat
10,A science fiction masterpiece that needs no more words
8,There were a lot of things to see... I had a good idea ~
10,Action, thrill, touching, everything. The best movie ever!
10,I watched a total of 15 episodes. Every time I see it, I'm thrilled. Anyway, it's the best!
10,It's an honor to see such a masterpiece in my life!I'm touched even after watching it dozens of times.
10,The best blockbuster movie ever!
10,Ten points is not enough!
10,You can see how bad 3 is by watching 2
10,It's like an immortal masterpiece
10,the best without words  Action. A masterpiece of a SF movie.
10,The best of the best.
10,I have a brother as big as my brother.
10,Best action movie ever. Make the first part prologue and the second part trash.
10,다시 올게요 ㅜ_ㅜ
10,The word "best" is not a waste
10,The best sequel ever!
10,It's fun. It's
10,The best movie in my life
9,I like the music.The music
10,Papillon, a 78-year-old film, is now 9.58 and 275 people. We're short of people.
1,It's far
10,Of course, the 2nd episode of the series is the best.
4,Of course, it is a good movie.It's impossible to make it in Seoul, but it has too many stars
10,I enjoyed watching it more than 3
7,I enjoyed watching it, but this is second place?
9,Arnold and Edward Furlong's films, CG, OST, and directing are all great SF masterpieces
1,I saw more great movies than this one.
10,Perfect harmony of story, touching, humanities, action, CG technology
10,One of the few follow-ups that goes beyond the original!
8,Excellent, but covered by the halo of Terminator 1.
7,I've seen it, but I think there are many better action movies
10,There has never been a movie that has such a short running time.
10,It's the best
10,Good
10,I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's so much fun.Hah!
10,Top LOL
7,I can't believe that this action movie has the highest rating
9,James Cameron's entertainment shone...
10,You're the best!
9,Best effect and best action. 9 points behind the solid scenario of Shawshank's escape
10,A movie you want to give 100 points to
5,It's weird.
10,No matter how many times I watched it, I liked episode 2 better than "Terminator 1"
10,It's a pity that there aren't many movies like this at the moment.
10,It's a work of art.
10,It's a masterpiece
10,An ordinary movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger, could go to Congress
10,The first movie that would be fun even if you watch it 100 times... The touching moment... ㅜ.ㅜ
10,I wonder if there will be a science fiction movie like this until my death.
9,I like a faithful movie.
10,Bad movie that robbed a few middle school students of pocket money ㅠㅠ
10,More than 10 times... No, 20 times...
10,판타스틱 무비
10,There is nothing more I need to say
10, masterpiece, masterwork
10,the best action movie
10,It's the best
9,In the past and now, whenever I see you, good b
10,As expected, he's cool!
10,Fun, attractions, and impressions. Movies that meet all of this ^^
10,a dark imageIt's an immortal masterpiece.Makes me think about the best movie again.
10,the best movie without words
10,"Home Alone" and "Terminator"...It's the most familiar movie
10,I think I know why it's an immortal masterpiece
10,I've never seen a sequel like this
10,What more do I need to say?
10,Honestly, it's crazy fun even now.
10,This is the sequel that makes even the first part shine
9,This movie is nice
10,Good, good, good!
10,It's fun to watch it again. I strongly recommend it!
10,It's so much fun. Perfect
10,Ah.. The movie that I was really touched when I was in elementary school...ㅜㅜ
10,A flawless video...Story... Directing...It's worth keeping
10,The movie that promoted Arnold.It's the best.
9,Arnold's "Want You"
10,There's nothing wrong with competing with the movies now
10,SF is the best!
10,I remember the persistent bad guy.
1,I am not generous
10,The Terminator series should have ended here.
10,I admit it's the best science fiction movie ever
10,What an immortal masterpiece.In the last scene, there are really solemn tears in front of me
10,No.1.
10,I'm going to win [Laughing]
10,You're the best!
10,It's an incredible movie I made in '91.
10,I like Terminator
10,I made this in '91. This tension
10,I thought of Silver Surfer and watched it again. Power, tension, violence.
10,a masterpiece of action without words
10,A lot of movies I watched when I was young...
9,A famous SF movie that broke the myth that there is no better movie than the previous one
10,gut, exorcism
10,SF's best masterpiece!!!
9,Childishness is the charm!
1,It's like a cartoon
10,It's not raising the ranking. It's a movie you should use when you write 10
10,You're the best. You're the best!lol
1,It's a waste for the 3rd place
10,I was thrilled at the time
10,Your life is worse
1,a poor work
10,Who hasn't seen this movie?The best work, Transformers, don't mess with yourself
10,The best moving piece of my life
10,It was the best movie ever.As good as Terminator 1.
1,Everything transforms!
10,a wordless film a masterpiece made by a famous director
1,I'm disappointed that you didn't protect the earth!
10,A movie that I want to watch every time I see it
10,It's the movie I've seen the most, but I don't get tired of it. Just as I felt at first
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's the best. The movie shows that Arnold is an action actor
10,In 1991, there was no SF action movie of this level.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Oh my...
10,the best work
10,Even after 15 years, it's not boring even now
10,It's the best in the Terminator series.
10,It was fun even if it was a girl.
10,No words needed
10,The shock of the movie at that time easily surpasses the shock of the current Transformers.lol
10,sensation
10,It's the best movie ever
10,This is honestly funny
1,Childish
1,It's the worst.
7,Terminator is cool.
10,CG Technology Revolution
10,One of the best movies
9,Action and touching... a film set in the early '90s
10,What's wrong? Trans is good, but I can't give up on this either!
10,Strongest power
1,It's not that...
1,It's just...
1,Not really...
10,Terminator 2 admits
10,Without this movie, there would be no Transformers.
10,What do I need to say?
10,Twin police officers were real twin actors! (Not Graphic ^^)
10,It's timeless.an eternal masterpiece
10,Good, good, good
10,a real revolution
10,Perfection
8,Two out of three was the best.
10,When I was in elementary school, I was so moved that I couldn't sleep at night.Arnold has become my idol
10,This movie is short of 10 points!Arnold's thumb will never be forgotten!乃
10,If it's not the first place, what's the first place?
9,Will Be Back!
10,Even if I win first place, I won't do it for long.
10,It was 15 years ago, but it will be a hit if it is released now! This is the real SF!
10,Top
10,If this isn't the best, what's the best? It's the best!
10,You're the best!
10,There is no better SF movie than this one.We can't have Transformers!
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it! Season 2 was the most fun
10,Is there an action movie that can surpass this?be in doubt
10,It's the best!
10,revolution
7,Thrilling. And John Connor was memorable
10,It is the best action movie...Is this from the 90s?
10,Even though it's personal difference, how do people watch movies that aren't fun?
10,It's so much fun!LOL I can't get enough of this bar...lol
10,Good
10,It became firm after watching the third episode how good Cameron's directing skills were.
10,A movie that can't be more surprising... It was a revolution.
10,I clapped my hands for the ultimate hero movie at the movie theater
10,Top
10,What words are needed?The best action movie of my life!
10,Top
10,There's no time for this movie to be flawed lol Thrilling.Excitement, touching, super fun!
10,That's it. The best action movie of my life
10,It's not mom's hand. Umji's hand
10,I've seen it many times in my childhood
10,a wordless film
10,The best! The best!
10,It was the best 16 years ago. You're still the best. The best after 16 years.
10,a perfect action movie
9,Well-made SF
10,Here we go! Muscle shooter!
10,See you!
10,I'll never forget it ^^ㅜㅜ
10,오~~ 또 올게요~
10,For me, the second episode was more fun than the first one From part three, no, no
10,You're the best
1,You're childish.
10,No story, no action, no words needed
10,These days, it's cooked a lot. Why was it so shocking then?Hah!
10,Let's not ask how many years ahead the movie is.
7,A movie that I enjoyed watching.
10,I can't believe it was 1991
10,A work that requires words is a masterpiece
10,A movie that you can't get enough of watching, you can't get enough of
10,The best movie of the time. It's a masterpiece
10,It's a movie that lacks 10 points. Jinja is perfect in those days
10,the world of fun
10,Reflect on the action movies these days. No unnecessary action, story good
10,The best moving movie of my life!!!!!
7,I like this kind of science fiction.
2,Instead of throwing away the breathing techniques that action should have, the technique is the movie you chose
10,The movie that I will watch again someday, the shock from the first time I saw it still clear
10,It's a really interesting movie these days ^^
10,the best movie
10,action fantasy
10,I'm Terminator 2 paper
10,Honestly, I can't keep up
10,the best work
10,It's the best movie that's ever seen
10,Did anyone pay attention to something else while watching Terminator 2?
10,The best movie of my life!
10,You're the best. 10 points for sure
10,It's all about science fiction movies. Can you do social activities without knowing Will Beebeck?
9,Terminator 2 that doesn't need words...It's fun to watch it again.
10,How many times have I seen this, I can't get enough of it
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
9,Is this a movie more than 10 years old? No way! The best SF action
10,Story action, tension, and a lot of things to see...But Arnold's acting...
9,knock on a 21st century science fiction film
9,It's not as good as the first episode.
10,This is the best science fiction movie ever. It's not tacky even now, and the tension is the best.
10,I bought a DVD and fell in love even more after watching the extended version ㅠㅠ
10,More upgraded systems...Should I say the beginning of the movie that gave both action and emotion?
10,It is the best ^^ Where is this kind of movie?
1,I'm bored with this kind of story...
10,No matter how innovative CG is now, it cannot surpass this movie
10,Best SF movie ever since its release.
10,I don't know what to say. The last scene is so touching
10,The best movie of my life
10,Even though it was a movie in the early 90s, it was a good movie with amazing graphics and contents.
10,needless words
10,It's still the best
10,Ah; the best ㅠㅠ The last scene is awesome ㅠㅠ
10,I watched it again because I remembered it after a long time. It is a movie that cannot be wasted on the word "masterpiece."
10,I don't know how many times I watched it Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaha I don't do it these days
10,There's no movie like this. Who got 1 point? Leave the earth!
10,There's no thrilling movie like this one. Those who gave 1 point, tsk tsk
10,You need words, but you're the best. The best
10,It was the best movie...
10,An amazing actress is the best
10,A blockbuster masterpiece that won't be forgotten even after 16 years!!!
10,It's the best!
10,The start of a box office hit! I don't need words
10,The best! The best! The best
10,Terminator 2 There is no entertainment movie to follow
10,The movie that gives the impression that Terminator actually exists! The best! The best! The best!
10,For some reason, if you give me one point, I'll give you one point for the rest of your life.
10,The best action movie of my life
10,be simply the best
10,Five
10,What the hell do you need to say? I'm so young that I didn't see you in the theater.
10,If it's an action movie, I can't help but give you a perfect score if you saw it in the theater.
1,I can't believe it
1,He doesn't deserve to be the top scorer.
1,Bitter.
1,I was just a little surprised because the rating was too high
10,↓ I agree with you^^
10,A masterpiece that shows what you want to see, what you imagine, and more
10,the best movie
10,Good Movie Nator...2
10,No matter how innovative CG is now, it cannot surpass this movie
10,Well, that'sir
9,This movie at the time...It's really a masterpiece.
10,Great America... Pax Americana
9,Good
1,It's not fun. Sorry
10,It's a 1991 movie, but it's the best.
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen this?Look before you regret it.
10,I've never seen anyone say this movie is boring, so 10 points
10,It's a box office hit forever.
10,I want to give 100 points
10,No more
10,The only thing that's say is the best...!
10,SF essence that doesn't need any other words
10,It's been 15 years and I've seen it 10 times, but it's the best action movie
10,The original director is a bit cruel, but I strongly recommend it! I can't forget the nuclear explosion scene.
10,Is there any visual that I'm into?
10,You're always the best Watch "Kkong-ja" on Pandora
10,I've watched it more than 200 times in 17 years. Still, I don't get sick of it
10,Good
10,Arnold's greatest masterpiece. It's so cool and fun.
10,The best movie ever. John Connor and Terminator's friendship.moving
10,A masterpiece that caused an upgrade of special effects!
10,It's a masterpiece that can't be made againIf you don't give me 10 points for this movie, I don't deserve to watch it I strongly recommend it
9,Artistry 7 Entertainment 10 Satisfaction 10
10,Is the world going backwards? I can't believe it's been 91 years old.It's amazing
9,OK.
10,That's really great. Amazing graphic~ Even touching...!
10,Touched T.T
10,A movie that surprised existing SF movies!
10,The meeting of Predator, Terminator, and Schwarzenegger gave birth to the best film in SF
10,Oh, Terminator, I really don't need any words
9,the new horizon of science fiction
10,It's been 10 years, but there's no more sf this movie
9,Honestly, the first episode was much more shocking. The second part is similar except for T1000
9,I remember being excited while watching it in the theater.vivid
10,There's nothing missing!
10,I watched it when I was in middle school and it was surprisingly fun.
10,The movie that everything was amazing
10,I saw him when I was in middle school.It's the best...
10,I can't get enough of it on TV.
10,You're the best
10,The best movie! There's no SF movie that can match this yet!
10,The best movie of my life
8,My heart was pounding when I was young
10,the best movie without words
9,Terminator... it was great.
1,I don't think I'm in 2nd place. I think 8 points is enough
10,Oh, the best movie that doesn't need words
10,I cried a lot when I saw the last scene when I was a kid.It's so fun.
10,I don't need a word for the few movies where sequels are more interesting
10,My childhood, a heart-wrenching movie. Must be the best movie
10,There are still few movies like this in entertainment.
10,The story is better, but it can be better than the first one.
10,It's a very fun movie so that it's not a waste of time
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen this yet?
10,A problematic work that has made a great contribution to making me the top regular in our local video store. L
10,the best action movie
9,As if the machines are fighting, the breathtakingly cold action is the best.
1,Trash movie...
10,It's my first time writing a review. The main place of action that's exciting no matter how many times you watch it!
10,The few movies that were better than the first one! The best in the series!
10,다시 올거에요.
10,One of the best films of the 20th century.
10,BANA, which symbolizes for fun, and everything was the best movie
7,It's a good movie, but isn't it too obvious?L
10,It was the best thing I remember as a kid.
10,Must be the best action movie of the century
10,The greatest masterpiece of Arnold's movies!!!
10,A movie that tells the meaning of completion
10,Great special effects and stories delight us.I've seen it 10 times, but I miss it again
10,As time went by, I found out...A movie that looks more amazing
10,the best work
10,Even if you watch it again after a while, it's a well-made movie, "John Cool."
10,Scenario. 100 points from start to finish
1,It's tacky, it's too machine-oriented
9,Cool
10,A really cool villain.
10,I've never cried while looking at my fingers disappearing into the iron water! A true masterpiece!
9,The movie that I enjoyed watching
10,The best movie in my life that doesn't need words
10,a good movie
10,This is totally humanism. I'm so touched.ㅠㅠ
10,The 1991 movie. Can you believe it?
10,Good! My idol!
2,It's not fun because I know the story.I'm going to stop crying
10, be moved
10,Top
10,Whoo...
10,I don't think I'll be able to see a movie like this in Korea even after 100 years
10,No words needed
10,What do I need to say?Yes/
10,There is no need for words.LOL Just watch it
10,There is no fixed fate.
10,I cry every time I see the last scene.
10,Best of Best
10,It's truly the best!
10,After watching this movie at a very young age, I was dazed for a long time
8,The best movie. I agree
10,The best movie...
10,The best forever
10,Even though it's an old movie, it's a well-made movie
10,Who gave you 9 points? 10 points for sure
10,It was made in 1991. Cameron is a genius.
10,How many years ahead of the movie?
10,Linda Hamilton's charismatic performance ^^
9,I cried in the last scene Doong doong! Doong doong doong doong doong doong!Doong
10,After watching 3, I realize once again how great 2 was -_-
10,The first movie that made me cry
9,It was very thrilling and fun.
1,No more... no more
10,There is no movie in the world where the ending scene is more wonderful.
10,The movie that I enjoyed the most
10,I'm not going to lose no matter how many times I look at it'The ending theme is the lingering feeling.
10,The power of CG is known to the world as a movie.
7,I'm a beginner at dystopia, but I'm a master of spectacle
10,"Do it again?" But I end up watching it again.
10,It's amazing. Really...
10,Bad Terminator, are you dead?
10,I felt the thrill of watching
10,I can't forget the last time I raised my thumb.
1,Not fun
9,It may seem a little awkward now, but it was the best then.
1,The power of broadcasting became first place after the broadcast.They always do national moviesIt's so funny
9,"Term 3" is a spoiler for "First and Second episodes
10,I watched it when I was young, but I still remember it vividly!It was the best!
1,the best movie
10,10 points. Honestly, I was touched by the last scene
1,Honestly, it's not enough to get first place
10,I don't need words. DAHYUN is the best
10,Best film in the field, along with Aryu-jak Turbocharger.
10,It's the best.
10,What more can I say?
10,It's the best!
10,The graphics are great even now. The story is good, too. It's a total masterpiece!
10,I don't want to buy DVDs of weekend masterpieces like this, but why 18 years old!
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,Is this really from 1991? Wow, it's no joke
10,It's always going to be good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,This is fun
9,Is it because it's in the weekend's masterpiece?
6,funny, interesting, amusing, entertaining
10,Maybe I'll never see a masterpiece like this again...
10,I dare say it's the best action movie ever
10,I saw it again because it was on MBC. It's the best.
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it. It doesn't fit the science fiction genre
10,Hero? The most perfect and impressive movie!
10,It's totally fun and exciting I'll give you 10 ^-^
10,Wow, yesterday MBC did it for me. It's the best!
10,The governor's acting is definitely the best!
10,Story, actor, special effects are all the best.Perfect!
10,It's so much fun
10,Why is this 18 years old? It's funny, but the movie is 10 points
10,Arnold and Ed are both handsome lol
10,Arnold's Force is...+_+
10, masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, fine piece
10,I still have one more chip in my house.Cuckoo!
10,I still haven't seen a movie that is better than T2
10,The best movie of my life.
10,A true masterpiece...Arnold Schwarz is a great actor!
10,It's always a masterpiece! L
10,It's beautiful. It's a masterpiece and a masterpiece.
10,The first movie that made me cry
10,You don't need to say 10 points
10,Those who scored less than 10 points didn't watch it properly!
10,I'm so touched by my father who was milking it
10,It was the best when I saw it in elementary school.Even now!
10,the best movie in my heart
10,A great movie even now.
10,Out of all the movies I've seen, a perfect movie with Shawshank...
1,This isn't it
10,Still, it's the same configuration
10,It's a movie that taught me the fun of Terminator and Die Hard movies
10,a film that will remain in SF history
10,It's really touching at the end
10,It's Terminator 2 as expected. Best...
10,It's the best
10,Isn't it the best?
10,This truly wonderful movie!
10,If you haven't watched it, watch it right now^^
10,I don't know if I need words.
10,I'm doing it this Saturday
10,There's no need for words
10,It's the best.
10,I can still feel the shudder...The best masterpiece. The best sequel
8,Just up to two masterpieces.
10,One of the few sequels that goes beyond the prequel. It's like a masterpiece.
3,One or two was fine, but in the aftermath of three..._-
10,This movie... I like it now, but it was the best in that era!
4,a movie by some means
1,As a mission impossible pa...-
10,I cried when I watched the last scene when I was young
10,It's the best of Terminator Sirz. There is no greater masterpiece than this.
10,All the best story graphics in the Terminator series are great
1,a movie worth ten points
10,It's a masterpiece
1,I don't like it. It's not funny
10,I'm a Terminator series of jam this in gel eotttang.
10,No more explanation is required.
9,The scale was great and what made me nervous was that the movie was the best
5,an outstanding action movie I don't think it's more than that
10,If you look at the director's version, 2 is the real final version. Three is the best price
7,For those who gave this movie 10 points, please think about it after watching the first episode
10,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it.
10,The best movie of Arnold's. Robots move your heart
10,Arnold Schwarzenegger, don't talk about you before you watch this movie.
10,It's an immortal masterpiece that delivers human and touching moments
10,It's Schwarzenegger's, you idiot
10,The best... wordless movie
1,Arnold Schwarzenegger. I don't like him
10,Swag
10,If there's a perfect score, I want to give it a perfect score
2,This is not good
10,A movie that has fun and inspiration to make a mark in an SF movie.
10,After watching the movie at that movie...There was a lot of aftermath.
9,the highest peak of the Terminator
10,This is the best movie ever
10,I'll Be Back. The famous line that I still can't forget.
7,I don't think it's 10 points.
10,I can't believe I made this kind of movie in 1991.It's awesome ^^b
10,It's the best
10,I'm about to cry at the end.
10,A work that couldn't calm the excitement of watching the movie
1,The rating is too high.
10,If you want to know why Schwarzenegger became governor, watch it
10,the best sequel to the first one
10,A movie that produced a new pattern of SF movies. It's the best.
10,It's the best...
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
10,It is a masterpiece of all time
10,The general trend is T-1000.
10,As long as it's fun
10,A new and interesting SF movie every time I watch it
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,It's still the best action movie
10,Top
10,The best SF action
10,The best action movie...
7,It was fun
8,A movie that opened up another imagination in my childhood
10,This is the best!
10,It's the best.
1,It's good, but I think the score is too generous.
10,I prefer the second edition, which is not unabridged
10,I saw you when I was in 5th gradeThe best movie and legend!
3,There was no tension, only action left.All you have to do is watch liquid metal
10,This is more than a movie. It's a legend.
10,Ah... I hope this kind of movie comes out again.I'm falling for it.
10,This is not a movie It's the best
9,Until the day I become a judge in the future
9,OK.
9,I don't think I'll see any more action in the rest of my life.
8,One of the movies that I really enjoyed watching...
9,It's amazing that this movie was made in 1991.It's funny how you stick the foil on
9,Well, let's say that's a compliment, but there are a lot of people who are unexpectedly mean
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,Well done. Make sure to check out the Terminator UE extension.
10,I've never seen a movie greater than this.
10,The representative sf action movie of the 20th century
10,It's a masterpiece.
10,There is a drama in SF movie too
10,The greatest tension!
10,SF's greatest masterpiece...
10,a masterpiece of a few films that surpasses the sequel
10,The best of science fiction philosophy.James Cameron...Best of all, what words are needed?
10,I can't forget...I need to finish writing in the second part.
10,The best movie of my life...
10,Perfect movie. Charisma of James Cameron
8,I can't remember clearly, but... I still remember...
10,It's a movie that will make even the conscience of those who purposely lower the score
10,Shouldn't this be the top overall?
8,It's a movie that came out when I was in elementary school, but I'm not sure about 10 points
10,Terminator is the best...
1,Arnold is ahead of time
10,It's so funny
9,It's more fun than 3.
10,You're the best!
10, 좋은
8,It's a bit childish
10,The peak of science fiction, the habit of comparing science fiction with this...
1,a poor work
10, masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, fine piece
10,The Beginning of Love for Movies, and How to Find a Classic Movie ('84)
10,There is no more science fiction
10,I always missed that machine gun.
1,There are a lot of elementary school students here
10,Best action movie ever. I need to see the original.
10,You're the best!
10,It's really fun. The last one is touching
10,It's the best. Ah, the thrill
10,Will this kind of movie come out again?
10,The liquid liver was impressive
10,Best movie of my life ^^
5,Not bed
10,One of the best movies! It's not awkward even if it's in the top five
10,It's the best. +_+
10,The best movie in the story
10,Those who gave 1 point in the comments below, are you kidding me?
10,I was passing by, but 1 point is far away.If you give me 1 point, don't watch all the movies.
7,I need Arnold to protect me! You said you'd be back, so meet me at three!
1,It's a pretty good movie.
9,It is not worth discussing the quality of work that excludes fun is excluded. It's a masterpiece!
10,What a great film for a movie made in the 90s!
1,I have to adjust it as if it wasn't until September 25.
10,I heard that the third episode was more fun
10,At the time of the best movie I've ever seen, I even memorized all the lines.Haha
10,The best! It reminds us of the fear of war and the importance of peace
10,Everyone, raise your thumbs! lol
10,Who came 12 years after "I Will Be Back"?
10,Jam
10,It is the best SF movie. If you have something else, tell me
10,An exemplary movie that completely breaks the story of a sequel being ruined.
8,I don't care if it's a piece of art.I think the real masterpiece is part one.
10,I wonder if there's a better movie than this...A movie you want to watch again!
10,The best action movie that doesn't need words...
10,It was fun and it's a good movie for a sequel I've seen
10,The three guys down there are weird -_-;;
10,The best masterpiece of this era, with the best combination of three characters, shooting, and acting
8,As expected, Terminator!
10,Very impressive movie ^^
10,1991 Attention This is a masterpiece
10,Perfect. Except for Ddanji TV. lol
10,This is history. They're not even human
10,It is fun to watch the top 5 movies of my life again
10,It was sad to see the human Terminator disappearing
10,crack, smash, with a crack.
1,It's not funny
10,I've seen it hundreds of times, from the movie theater to the cable
10,If there's money, I remember watching it while eating hamburgersIt's the death of a liquid person
10,What I saw in high school...I had a hard time on a hot day, but I was forgotten by watching a great movie
10,One of the best tricks of my life, one of the few tricks beyond the original
10,It's probably the best for fun!Technology beyond the ages!
10,a masterpiece that will remain in human history forever
10,No words needed... the best movie of the 20th century...
10,It's better than the first movie, but it's a masterpiece better than the first movie
8,a trick of action
7,As expected, full score for fun...Artistry?
2,Ten years ago it was good, but then again it wasn't good
10,As expected, James Cameron -_- b
9,a wall that Arnold cannot cross
10,Action story ideas and Lee Hong Ryul
10,It was so much fun...The best movie of my life...
9,It's worse than the first episode. It's not good to add more action
8,a sequel that is better than the first one
10,I've seen it 30 times so far, but I like it every time I see it
10,For collection.good
10,Perfect from the beginning to the end.a movie that can only be seen in theaters
9,The best movie among SF movies
10,Terminator 1 is still fun, but Terminator 2 is more fun
10,I don't know when...But that day will come
10,I'm B-be-
10,Arnold raises his thumb while he dies, me raising my thumb when I leave the theater
9,a masterpiece of a science fiction film
10,It was a masterpiece that marked a milestone in science fiction. Fifteen years later, it's a legend.
10,Speechless ^^
10,No matter how many times I see it, I can't get enough of it.^^
3,...I don't know. Obviously, it's not trash^^
1,Terminator, Rambo, Alien, I hate this childish movie.
9,It was the first sequel that was funnier than the previous one.
10,A movie that makes you sweat every time you watch it!
10,a heroic film
10,A movie that you can't get enough of
10,The best movie of my life
10,It's fun. I think I watched it 40 times
7,It's a masterpiece, but it's not a masterpiece. It's fun but dry.
10,I can't forget the atmosphere of the town's crappy theater at the age of 15.
3,A movie that will satisfy you in the top 50. It must be a good movie.
10,The best masterpiece in my memory!
10,the best movie of my life
7,10 points for the visual aspect of SF, and 5 points for the rest...
10,It's an old movie now, but...It is a very well made movie.
10,The movie that I watched more than 100 times because it was so fun!
10,It's a real SF movie. Who said it's boring?
10,It's a great movie that makes you want to watch it again and again!
10,The eternal glory of SF movies
10,As expected, you're the best. It's fun watching it again.
10,It's the best. It's been more than 10 years since it was released, but it's the best SF movie.
10,What's wrong with you?
1,I love life.lol
5,I don't know... I think it's about 8.5 points
10,No matter how much I make a movie, it is hard to make a movie like this...
10,His acting skills were disappointing, but there is no doubt that he is the right character.
10,I don't like the quality of the work.
7,The rating is higher than I thought
10,A $100 million masterpiece project that produced countless scenes and lines.
8,There is no better SF movie than this.
10,2가 1보다 낫다.
9,10 points for box office performance. 8 points for acting
8,It's hard to get more than 4 stars for SF movies.a good movie
9,There are two James Cameron movies in the top 10. The genius director is the best!
10,You never let me down
10,It's so much fun
10,As soon as he sank, my eyes, which fell into action, also sank.
10,It's a masterpiece
1,9.1 points is appropriate
1,Curses to Termination Pa
10,I used a dragon in Pruna to see this. But as expected, it's fun
10,Shawshank is out of top 30 lol
9,a film without explanation
10,The best SF action movie!
10,정말 최고에요!
1,I can't click as I want. I was going to give you 10 points.
9,It was the best movie at the time. He's a box office hit, he's got a good reputation.
1,It's not my cup of tea.
10,Oh? This is an 18-year-old movie.
10,Although CG was poor, it was a masterpiece
9,이 영화는 깊어요.
8,It's really fun
10,My favorite movie...
1,He's playing with the ground. What place is this? Digica Corporation
10,[7 points] If I can beat the couch...
10,Shoppas... The day of judgment has come!
8,I watched it a long time ago, but I enjoyed it while focusing on it at a young age! L
10,Judge for Shoppa!
10,After 15 years, why is there no movie comparable to Korea?
10,Since then, the T1000 has often appeared as a comedy material on the show.
10,I saw it when I was young, but it's still vivid. But I've seen it many times
9,Arnold's best work
10,perfect.
10,The movie that I thought was perfect
8,It was fun just looking at the memory. I remember watching it sweating because it was so hot
10,the best movie
10,The best CG and incredible tension of the day...
10,Even if you watch it more than 10 times, you can't let down your nervousness
10,Honestly, Terminator 2 is more fun than 3.Strongly recommended
10,It's fun ^^ I can't believe this kind of movie came out in 1991.
10,I can't believe Arnold became governor of California.-_-;;
10,It is the best movie of my life.
10,Top
10,a masterpiece immortalized
10,The best movie of the year (I was in 10th grade ^^)
10,ㅠㅠ Awesome action and amazing touching ㅠㅠ Make sure to watch the movie
10,sponsor
10,Terminator? I just like it. I like it no matter what
10,a bible in science fiction action What should I watch if I don't watch this?
7,I don't think it's the best...
10,The best movie of my life
1,I don't like this movie...
10,That's the best. That's all.
10,This is it
10,Do I need words?
10,a masterpiece that will remain in the history of film
10,an illusion of body shape
7,It was a sensational and shocking SF movie
10,Arnold and Linda...The name alone makes my heart pound. Touching...
8,The villain of the previous work is the guardian deity.
10,It's gloomy and hopeful
10,Director James Cameron...I heard you're Choi Young Joong of Terminator 4.Lean on me
10,It's the best movie that's fun to watch.
10,My favorite movie ㅠㅠㅠㅠ that I can't even say a word
10,What conceptless elementary school kids get 1 point!
10,We were more crazy about special effects than about content or actors.
10,A perfect score is not enough.The best...
10,I have a DVD at home
10,You're the best!
10,This movie bought a DVD
10,It's so much fun
10,It's a lot more fun than Terminator 3
10,What are the people who don't give this out of 10?
10,There's no need for words
10,I can hardly watch any more interesting movies
10,This is fun.
10,It's the best
10,Good
10,The best movie of my life...It's a waste of 10 points
9,A movie that will remain a masterpiece of SF Action forever
10,Why do you keep erasing it when I keep erasing it?
10,The best.
10,As expected, it's fun.
8,It's rare for a sequel to be all right
1,Amadeus is the best! It's more fun than Terminator [Laughing out loud]
1,It's a masterpiece, but I gave him a point for coming to the poet who died
1,Was this a movie?
1,Do you want to die or live & be friends with Emergency Action No. 19
10,As expected, the last scene.
10,Both the first and second episodes are fun
10,The best SF!
10,More fun than the sequel. It's the best!
10,Good.
10,It's fun to watch a movie that's 10 points short again
10,The action movie made me cry like this.
10,The 6th day is good, too
10,The 2nd episode, which is better than the 1st one! There's definitely one!
4,그 영화는 매우 재미있어요~~~!!!
10,If you don't know how to watch a movie, make a mistake
10,It was the best
10,It was more fun than 3 B at the end is Mr. Yeok.
9,A movie that I watched at a young age with anxiety.
8,I enjoyed watching it~~
10,the best movie
10,sf masterpiece
10,There's really no need for words!the best movie
10,This is still tense. The friendship between robots and humans is also touching
10,a film that made the governor
10,I laughed a lot when I saw that this was ranked 8th in Naver's
1,Personally, I hate Terminator.I saw it, but as expected.LOL
9,More than Arnold, the force between liquids...A masterpiece from a movie company. One.
10,Arnold... this guy...
10,2 is the most interesting;
10,Abilbee bag from my childhood memories!
10,The story and the tension that overshadows the 90s movie
10,I don't know what the person who gives one point really means.
10,Isn't it a movie that doesn't need words!
1,It's not 10 points, but the score is higher than I thought. In case other people misunderstood
10,The greatest action movie of all time that surpasses Durac!
10,Funny!
10,The End of 20th Century Action
10,It was fun.
10,I don't understand why this movie didn't get a perfect score of 10...
10,The Marquis is usually worse than the previous one, but this is an exception!
10,The unforgettable 91 years of action romance...
10,I cried when I saw T-101.용(When you fall into the furnace)
10,It's the most solid masterpiece in the Terminator series
10,It's the best. No words needed
10,I really recommend it! I really recommend it!
10,one of the few movies in which a sequel hits the main film
10,No need to explain. The best movie
10,I'm so touched when I fall into the furnace
10,I want to say it's the best.
10,There are only two true terminatorsThird episode wasn't that boring, but...
10,a masterpiece of the early 1990s
10,cast, director, scenario, touching, action, all the best movie. 1 movie is good too
10,Good
10,1991 - A masterpiece that changed the history of world cinema
9,Action. Totally good.It's touching and the content is refreshing.Very good
10,Oh, am I a thousandth voter?lol lol]Good
10,Fun!
10,The best SF action movie!Even a song by Gunzen Logis!It's the best!
10,The power that established itself as a classic in the SF action movie industry!
9,When I was young, I saw this in the theater and lost my bike
10,It was so shocking When it was released,
10,My favorite movie. An exciting setting.
10,gut, exorcism
10,James Cameron is a man who knows exactly what works
10,the signature film of a few subsequent films that surpasses the prequel
10,Honestly, it's the best action movie. Still...
10,It's an amazing movie that's made these days!
7,It's not fresh.
10,We're not doing "i will back" at the end of Terminator 2Don't be mistaken
10,Wow! Is it a movie from 15 years ago?
10,I think I made a mark in the history of movies
10,Who's the one who got 1 point?
5,Old movies these days!
10,I've watched it many times, but I can't relax every time I watch it
10,좋아요.
6,somehow
9,Good!
10,When I first saw this movie, I was really shocked!!!!!
10,Where is this movie to blame?
10,It's a movie that made me regret that I haven't seen it in theaters until now
10,At that time, there was a shocking movie.
10,He's good at giving me 10 points. Ten points are not a waste of this movie.
10,Will Beeback, so sad ㅜㅜ one of all the best for me
10,One of the best movies of my life.Touching, action, and music
8,It's fun... It's fun... It's fun!
1,To be honest, I don't think I can get this high...as if not
7,It doesn't make sense if you leave this out. I recommend 10. But my GPA is 7
10,As expected, the Terminator is up to episode two episodes
10,A movie that definitely marked a milestone in the action movie industry!
10,the best science fiction filmArnold's amazing performance!
7,It's just that the scale is the best...
10,Good
10,It's confusing, but...As expected, Terminator!
10,The most impressive Terminator series...
10,It's the best
10,It's funny every time I see it
10,If I have to say it again, my mouth hurts.
10,It was fun
10,I was very shocked at the time...
10,Don't talk about science fiction movies with philosophy, just shut up and watch!
10,SF's main position ahead of its time... If I didn't get three...
1,Arnold, you've got to say it properly
10,Action and touching moments that will be remembered no matter how many times
10,After watching this again today, I cried for a long time ㅠㅠ Absolutely the best movie
10,I can't believe I made this kind of movie.
10,the greatest masterpiece of an sf movie
10,It's really fun. You don't have to say anything
10,needless words
10,The more I see it.
10,My mom has a crush on me, too
10,Arnold was born for this movie.
10,the height of one's imagination
8,I don't know if it's because 1 makes me more nervousness.
10,I don't think it'll end even if I watch it for the rest of my life
10,The best movie I've ever seen, Schwarzenegger, was my idol
1,When is Judgment Day?
10,James Cameron's "you are king of world"
9,The movie was made a long time ago, but it is still fun.
10,You must have seen it 10 times. But why am I nervous every time I see it?
1,Arnold's acting is really...
1,I'm sick and tired of it'
9,I can't get enough of it no matter how many times I watch it
7,It was fun, but...It was a movie that was not worth the money.
10,Let's make a movie like this
9,What is SF? It's been 15 years...
10,I'm really nervous
10,The textbook of science fiction movies!
9,The movie that I watched when I was young!by video
10,Discussing science fiction about this movie is not about science fiction.
2, well
10,It became a movie that will go down in history.
10,How can you make it so fun?
10,The best action movie ever! The world's top 10 masterpieces
10,the best action movie
10,The beginning of the science fiction movie industry... The ultimate imagination, T-1000...
10,It was so much fun
10,It's the best movie I've ever seen. Even though I was a kid.
10,Brilliant ideas, breathtaking action, and Arnold's acting skills are all good
10,It's the best movie ever made at that time
10,This made me a big fan of Arnold.
10,What a movie!
10,You're the best!
10,It's fun
10,다녀올게
10,It's so much fun!
10,내 스타일 영화
10,Best Hollywood Action Movie
10,It was fun to watch it again+_+
10,It's rare to see a movie like this
9,a film that has rarely surpassed the first film
9,Two of this movie series is the best. What a masterpiece!
10,a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,A great movie. I'll remember it forever
10,AAA-class epic of a B-class movie, a movie that will be mentioned 100 years later
10,Is this really a movie made in the past?
10,I watched it again, I watched it again, I watched it again, I watched it again, and I can't forget this movie
10,If you think it's funny, think it's funny
9,In the second episode, we're going to have a match between Terminators that you couldn't see in the first episode
10,The person below: I don't think it's a one-point movie
1,Honestly, it wasn't that fun
10,the best movie of my life
10,It's a masterpiece I saw in elementary school...
10,The Matrix is explained by the father movie of the techno epic.
10,a timeless masterpiece without words I think I've seen it ten times.
10,I want to erase my memory.I want to see this movie again.
10,It's been a while since I've seen it again...It's so touching.A movie with a perfect score.
10,A movie that doesn't need to be said.
10,There's no movie of this level in Korea.
10,I saw him when I was a kid, but... I have a crush on Arnold. Tears welled up
10,A movie that you never get tired of... Good...
10,It's fun, right? 1!
10,It's a movie that you can't get enough of after watching it more than 10 times. Strongest power
10,Top
10,Perfect special effects, philosophical music. Beyond the limits of commercial films.
10,have a bad taste
10,It's definitely the best in the Terminator series
10,The movie that I watched through the holes in the video once memorized the lines;
10,a perfect film with cinematic quality and commercial quality
10,It was really fun. Arnold's action scene is the best
10,Action 스토리 Story 감독 Actor 점이 Director 10 10 points is a waste.
10,The best movie of my life!
10,This is 10 points! Definitely! Full of stories and actions!
10,The ones who didn't give me 10 points don't have eyes to watch movies?
10,There's a masterpiece. This is the movie. Actionㅉㅉ
10,a devastating film
1,Don't lower the score for the movie.
10,Top
10,a movie that I watched with a lot of excitement
10,Movies that I enjoyed watching... I don't really like it's...-,,-
10,Don't make me laugh^^
1,It's just eye candy. Top 10 is a bit too much, so I'm going to drop it
10,It's the best.
10,I didn't want to give it to you.
10,It was so thrilling, touching, awesome! It was the best!
10,It was really fun.
10,Best movie ever ^_^b
10,It's the first movie I watched alone in the theater. It's the best
9,It's one of the few movies that surpasses the first one.
10,I think this movie is the best when I take the example of the second movie that goes over the first movie.
10,It's the best movie
9, 좋은
10,a film that led Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,I really don't know how many times I watched it!
10,He's a legend in the movie world. I still can't forget the day I watched this movie.
10,Wordsless movie ㅠㅠ
10,The movie that shocked me a lot when I was in elementary school
1,Look forward to it
10,He's so famous. LOL It was cool back then
10,It's fun...
10,I don't even remember how many times I watched it.
10,Arnold's last thumb, which I admired in elementary school, was the best
10,This is the funniest. The coolness at the end.
10,The movie I watched recently
10,An unforgettable movie with the last scene
9,A masterpiece of the times!
10,First of all, second of all, the work that makes you look forward to the first and second parts
1,a special name;;;
10,It's not tacky at all
10,This movie isn't childish even now. It's the best movie
10,Why is the rating so low? Do the people with low ratings are low?L
10,When action and art meet, they become terminators
10,It's never just an action movie. Human dignity.
10,I cried watching a movie-_- Childhood memories...
9,Best in the Terminator series
10,The best movie of my life!
10,It's fun.
9,Movies with lots of things to see. Of course, it's fun.
10,Top
10,최상의, 제일 좋은
7,It's a lot lower than 1. I was disappointed when I saw it.
10,Something huge that can never be dismissed as an action movie
10,Best action ever
10,Top
10,Twenty-eight of the best movies of the 20th century ^^
10,I watch this movie every day and dream that I'm being chased
10, masterpiece, masterwork
10,You're the best who doesn't need words.~
10,The best...
10,I'm still touched
10,It was the best at the time.Still the best ^^
10,The best, the best, the best, the worst
10,the most memorable masterpiece
10,I haven't seen more than this yet
10,The first episode of the movie was so touching... I cried for the first time when I came out
10,I can still feel the shock of my childhood
10,Because these guys who got a point for this movie don't like it at all.extramarital affairs
9,The most interesting action movie
10,There aren't many movies like this where the sequel is more successful than the previous one
10,If you had a lot of fun in an action movie, that's touching, too!
2,It's not touching. The impressions of B-rated movies were minimal.
10,It's not just an action movie!
10,Brother
10,One of the best movies of my life. Very good
10,All of my childhood movies
10,A movie with this background will be a classic that will remain in the future.
10,Is there a long way to go that you don'
10,The shock at that time...Top
9,I can't take my eyes off you for a second.There's a lot of tension in there's a lot of tension.the greatest masterpiece
10,Best movie ever...
10,perfect.
10,Arnold!
10,It's more fun than the first episode! the best
10,The second movie that surpasses the first one
10,Oh...
10,Perfect!!!!!! I can't give you another 10 points because of this movie!
10,좋아요.
10,a legend in action
10,I watched it 20 times. It's so fun!
10,forever and eternal
10,It's sadder than the drama
10,I've watched it more than 10 times, but I can't get tired of it
10,Don't be mean, this is not an action movie It's a true humanity movie
10,One of the best movies I've ever seen.
10,Last but not least, Nold. I'll be back.
1,--;; It's not touching
10,the highest quality
10,There is no need for words. You can feel it when you see it.
10,The best movie that was hard to imagine
10,It was made in 1991. Back then, it was a sensation, and now it's a legend. -_-b
10,the best movie
10,The most memorable movie with fun
1,Comic movies + sexy
10,The third movie is a bit disappointing, but the first and second movies are the best movies of my life!
10,I'm 18 years old, but I don't think I'm 18 years old. As expected, it's fun!You're the best!
10,It's the best!!!
10,A must-see movie in your one and only life!
10,91 years? That doesn't make sense
10,Top
9,It's the best, right?
10,I love it
10,좋아요.
10,sf's greatest work
10,Cameron's incredible SF masterpiece. Can I say it's beyond the times?
10,It was fun
10,It's still the best.-;
10,Best existing SF movie with Alien!
10,One of the best SFs!
10,The best science fiction movie of my life
10,sf.One of the few tricks in action..."
10,As expected, Arnold... Hahaha
8,This is fun
10,This is the power of Hollywood!!!
10,The best movie of my life
10,When I think about that time, it's hard to call it a movie
1,It's not that...
10,No matter how many times I watch it, it's the best
10,The best masterpiece of my life!
9,I can see our future clearly.
9,It's the best action movie ever
10,The best!
10,It's the best. I don't need to say
10,The best old movie ever
10,Terminator 2 The movie with my childhood!
10,ㅠㅠ The Best Movie
10,The first terminator I saw
10,I cried...As expected, a cool guy
10,When I was in elementary school, the movie made me sweat and cry.
10,You idiot who said this wasn't funny
10,The first and last movie I watched sitting on the stairs.
10,It was quite a shock when I watched it on DVD when I was young. GooD!
10,You're the one who made me fall into the sea of movies. The greatest masterpiece of my life
10,It's the best that you can't get tired of watching it dozens of times!
10,I'm speechless ㅜㅜ. It's so sad
9,The Legend of SF
10,Perfection itself
10,I won't forget it.
10,I really don't need to say anything!!!the best movie
10,an action masterpiece that will remain in the film's history
10,The word "best" should be added to this movie. a movie seen more than five times
10,It's not a waste of a perfect score
10,I hope it was fun.
10,A movie that turned the Terminator series into a masterpiece
10,Thrill is the best
10,Top
9,As expected, you're the best!
10,I don't need words
10,It's a movie that's really fun and shows all the acting
10,A masterpiece for keeping!
10,It's the greatest science fiction masterpiece of the time that can't be described in words
9,It's more fun than the sequel, and the last...
9,The best movie of all time.
10,The greatest masterpiece of all time.
10,the best movie
10,To be honest, I haven't seen it yet.A more interesting movie than this
10,Edward Furlong is the best
10,Edward Furlong is the best!
10,If you don't know Terminator, the best spy movie ^^
1,The first part is worth 10 points, but this is a bit...-_-
10,I'll see more than seven or eight times, the only ten-point piece that made me see six.
10,I don't think there will be any more sf any more
10,The best movie for me
9,The classic of science fiction...The last scene was so cool
10,Even if you look at it now, the background that fits...
10,It's the best movie of the day!!!
10,It was crazy fun.
10,The Legend of Action Movies!
10,Entertainment movies, more special effects, more messages. Legend of the movie^2
10,a movie that casts doubt on the times when it was made
10,It's funny. It's kind of cruel to watch an unmade edition, but...
10,I think I've seen it about 20 times
6,I remember watching it in a fun way.
1,Nothing more than a hit entertainment movie
10,a farce beyond the previously
10,SF's big picture, good video, story
10,I think it was the best graphic at the time
10,Over 30 is my ageThe best movie I've seen so many times.I watched it dozens of times
10,Top
10,This movie is still the best.
10,People are divided into two categories Those who watched this movie and those who didn't
10,a Cameroonian production Arnold, Linda, and Edward's acting was the best!
10,James Cameron is the best
10,It's so much fun.It's worth getting first place...
10,Who gives 1 point? It's a score after watching, so compared to the first episode...
10,It's a movie with unique suction power that you can't get tired of
9,This is better for graphics, but overall, the first one is better. 10 points for the first episode
10,The story is so fun. The best movie
10,I think it's going to be the best movie of my life.
10,You're the best.
1,I think the first one is better
5,It's not as good as the first one
10,The best movie that doesn't need words...
10,I watched it 60 times. What more do I need to say?
10,A movie that made my heart beat when I was young.
10,an outstanding imagination and expression that does not tarnish one's previous work
10,a very interesting movie
10,The content, effectiveness, sound, and actors' acting are all missing.
10,If you don't give me 10 points, I'm the one who didn'
10,I think it's well expressed as a warning of what might become a reality.
10,be short of ten points One of the best movies of my life!
10,How I came to like movies.Don't lie. I've seen you more than 100 times!The best!
10,.... I really feel like I don't need words
1,L
7,Hm!!!
10,I can't believe I'm the one who shouted "I don't like it" when I said "Terminator".
1,It's not that...
10,I'm nervous. Nice movie.
10,It was fun
10,It's too bad. If we develop a device that can erase memories and watch movies again,
10,A movie that no director or actor can follow even if they remake it again
10,My favorite movie, BEST 5, is really a masterpiece
10,A movie that's always fun to watch.
10,그거 잘 됐군요.
1,a bad boy of this age with a low rating
10,Good
10,What more do I need to say? The best action movie
10,a book error
10,the best movie
10,Top
10,That's touching ㅠㅠ
10,Action's Xingha
10,A movie that made me a fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
10,This is the best...A movie that's ahead of its time...!!
10,James is a genius.
10,The Best Classic
10,The best action, family love, everything I've ever seen
7,Arnold = Terminator officially established.
10,Always the best action! There is no better movie than this one!!
10,The Rock and the Legend of a Bifurcated Action Movie
7,The best action. The reflection that reminds me of Arnold when I think of Terminator.
10,It was a huge shock when I first saw it.
9,Cameron! He's been making movies so interesting
10,The ultimate action piece, needless to say.
10,If you're human, look and feel
9,The Legend of Action 2
10,It was perfect! And it was scary
10,James Cameron who made this movie is amazing
10,I don't get tired of watching it~~
10,An exciting movie that I've been waiting for. A movie that I've been waiting for
10,B-rated action masterpiece. Best movie ever
10,This series doesn't need words...   Anyway, it's really fun
10,Perfection itself. There's no better sequel than the sequel, breaking the formula.
9,Action and story...Interesting
10,A brother who is better than you
10,I never get tired of it. I have to keep watching it
10,It's a movie that looks like it's going to be a hit even if it's released now
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,A movie that's fun no matter how many times you watch it!
10,This is called a masterpiece Hahaha
10,Top
10,Should I say that it's Airian 2?
10,Action, story, everything is the best. It's amazing even now.
10,It's the best!
10,Even though I was a woman, I was crazy about this movie
10,I need words
1,It's just...
10,a masterpiece by a genius director
10,A masterpiece of a masterpiece... This is an action movie.
10,Best best best ^^* Liquid Terminator is super strong...lol
10,Top
10,돌아올 것이다.
10,The best movie I've ever seen is nothing more interesting than this
10,Along with Alien 2, SF masterpiece...
10,I broke the word that the sequel will fail.
10,It's fun. This movie makes me think that robots feel emotions.
10,It's a great movie that's still out there
10,It was fun; it was the most fun of the Terminals series
10,By far the best of the Terminator series!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10,It's a really well-It's so touching.Action...
10,The movie that I kept watching like crazy!
9,It's fun
10,Let's finish in the second part; I hope we don't make the fourth part
10,The greatest work of my life
10,-_-; This is 18-year-old drinking milk -- through the throat
10,Don't talk about Terminator who doesn't own a Terminator DVD
10,Honestly, except for elementary and middle school students, did anyone watch it less than 5 times?-;
10,I don't think there's a masterpiece like unforgettable action and touching
10,Even if times change, there aren't many movies that will follow
10,The only SF movie that made me cry after watching it
10,I think it's the best movie in S.F. movie history along with Alien 2.
10,Towards 99.9 points
10,It's 100 points.
10,It's the best.
10,I don't need words
10,I think I've seen it 20 times, but it's the best movie
10,After T2, all the action movies don't catch my eye
10,What do you need to say? You all know it's the best!!!
1,LOL Lowering the GPA
10,When I was in elementary school... As expected, you're the best
10,There is no more action than
10,Action Movie Legend T2
10,Even now, decades later, it is not clumsy.
10,Kim Kyung-ho - Judgment Day --;
10,When I was in middle school, I watched this movie 7 times and bought a tape.
10,Dududududududud. You know, right?
10,Terminator 2? What more do you need?
10,I can't forget
10,It's fun, right?
10,The best movie ever shown by the technology of the time.
10,Good
10,You came up with a failure in your previous drama, but you came up too much come up?lol
10,It's so much fun! LOL I love it's so good
10,I want to give 100000000 points. Increase the scoreboard!
10,I'll be a bag...^^
10,It's really the best movie.
10,It's so much fun even when we see each other during Chuseok
10,If you don't see it, it's not a person.
10,A movie I've seen over 20 times. The best action ever
10,This is the best movie of my life! Make sure to watch the first episode first.
10,I watch it again whenever I think of it. It's a masterpiece
10,A movie that's insanely interesting to drive me crazy.addiction
9,Especially the last scene in the bunker
10,During my adolescence, I got carried away after watching the theater.
9,The last scene and a great story
10,If you don't know this movie, it's an alien.
10,The movie that I watched twice in a row standing in that crowded theater...
8,a well-made film
10,A perfect score for anyone can tell
10,Now, even on Chuseok programs, movies that I'm behind...
10,Have you seen a more moving action movie?
9,While watching the movie, it makes me think that I made it well!
10,What more words do I need? 20 stars is not a waste!
10,T2 was one of the most amazing movies I've ever seen
10,Terminator 2 is really artistic.In short, the best movie
10,It's so much fun that it's a real movie
10,This is the movie
10,Don't tell me there's someone who hasn't felt the charm of this movie?
10,What more words are needed!
10,It's art.
10,Terminator 2 is the greatest work of my life!
10,The best!
8,A monumental film, yet it's only just a little sensational movie!
5,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
10,It's the best! It's no joke as if you've seen it at least 100 times
1,It's not fun
10,It's also on DVD.There is no need for words.It's the best.
10,The best movie I've ever seen
1,Let's stop this -ㅅ- do something else
7,It's a great movie, but Arnold's pronunciation is weird.
10,It's a really cool movie
10,After this movie, the SF movie is again
10,I think I've seen it like 10 more times Nold is the best!
10,One of the only two movies that made my heart pound before watching the movie.
10,It was beyond imagination fun.
10,The last scene... Impressive
10,I think 2 is much more interesting than 3.
10,Even after a long time, these movies can't come out and put on CG
10,the best
10,I watch this movie every time.Because it's the best
10,No better movie could come out
8,The charms of actors hidden in fancy graphics?
10,Best special effects, best story, best casting. That's enough
10,This is the action
10,I watched it in the theater when I was in 2nd grade. It was no joke.
10,Three productions are a minus factor for the film. That's how interesting it is.
10,I still remember the emotions I felt at the theater
10,Arnold... you're dead after this movie
10,An Immortal Masterpiece...I'm sure everyone watched it, but it's still fun
10,50% more fun than the first movie. The best movie I've ever seen!
10,You're the best
10,It's a bit worse than the first episode Second part is the best!
8,82% of men...
10,The best movie of my life.Maybe it's hard to watch a movie like this again
10,Best in the Terminator series!
10,Regardless of whether you make it well or not... This kind of masterpiece can't come out anymore.
10,A wonderful follow-up to the fame of the previous film.
10,A great movie that made me cry when I was young!
10,Best work of my life--b
10,the best film with both criticism and box office hits
5,Less than the first one, the second one...
10,A movie that makes you think deeply about the future of the Earth! Good!!!
9,The story and CG effects are still the same.
10,I watched it twice in the theater, twice in the video, and three times on TV.
10,The SF effect was perfect and the story was great.
10,Top
10,At the time, this movie was a shock.
10,Action aesthetics, the best future action, and humanism.
10,I have nothing to say!
10,It's the best.
10,The last thumb in the furnace
10,It's supposed to end here. 3 is the worst. 2 is a masterpiece!
10,There's a saying that sequels ruin a movie, but this isn't the case!
9,^^, the masterpiece of the Terminator series
10,Keep your eyes peeled for 140 minutes.How did you make this movie?
10,The value of a masterpiece does not fade over time.
10,There has never been such an interesting sequel.
10,I don't know what to say. Who hasn't seen this?
10,Except for the best...
10,It was really touching and fun
10,The best movie of my life is perfect.
10,Best in the series
9,the triumph of computer graphics
10,There will be no sf that excels this, and it was created in 1991
10,This is a myth. This kind of movie never comes out
10,Perfect... It's a perfect movie.
10,The best of the best
9,What do I need to say...
10,Is there a movie that makes a sequel like this?
10,돌아올 것이다.
10,Can you express it in words? It's a twenty-point movie
10,Touch that makes a man cry and the judge is the best! This movie bread
10,Judgement Day is the best in the Terminator series.
9,Arnold's overwhelming charisma...
10,a film of artistic, technical and commercial significance
10,an action film textbook
9,It's fun
10,Composition, Implicit Philosophy, Special Effects, Interesting Elements: Perfect, have you seen these movies?
6,It's the best in the series
10,Will Be Bag~ (Singing "Bbbbbbbb" in Korean)
10,A sensational sequel and masterpiece of thrill and shock.
10,The more you look at it, the more flawless the detailed composition is!
10,This movie is such a masterpiece!!!
10,A movie that I really enjoyed when I was young
10,ISBACK! So cool!
10,Strange as it may seem now, it was the best at the time.
1,I don't like it
10,There's no need for words. You're the best
10,Everyone... I can't believe you're trying to score a masterpiece like this.
1,Now that I look at it again, it's crude
7,If you look at it for fun, it's 10 points.But...
10,I liked Edward Furlong!What's the special effect?You're the best!
10,A movie that makes you think of a movie that's fun even if you watch it constantly...
8,It's been so long since I saw you.It's been that long, and it's been incredibly effective.
10,Greatest movie, great movie, great main characters
10,14 years later, the special effects of that time are still amazing
10,It's a movie that doesn't bother you to log in!
10,The Best Movie of the 20th Century!  A movie that lacks even 10 stars!
10,The only thing I saw 14 years ago was that I had a lot of fun.
10,Crazy best is a waste of words. We need more ideal words.
10,The best in the Terminator series!
10,There's no such emotion in the best SF action yet
10,It's fun in every way
10,a near-perfect science fiction masterpiece
10,Good
10,Goods oysters@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
9,The first movie was good, but it was much cooler. a touching action
9,The movie I want to watch again is number one ^^
10,It's an immortal masterpiece that I dare to give 50 points
10,Watching the War of the Universe makes me think again about the excellence of this movie
10,Anyway, the tension was the best because of the T-1000.
10,Is there anyone who hasn't seen it yet?
10,the best film of the 20th century in name and reality What will happen in the 21st century?
10,I still remember the last ending scene as touching.
10,If I were to pick the best action movie in my life, it would be this movie
9,돌아올 것이다.
10,Even now, I'm still touched... It's not far-fetched at all. Goooooood
10,I don't need words. The best movie for generations
10,The movie that made Arnold Schwarzenegger...
10,When I was in elementary school, I was a terminator
10,At the time, I was shocked.
10,It's a real entertainment movie
10,It is the best movie ever made in our country
10,An Immortal Masterpiece Beyond the Century! I hope it's re-released in an unwritten version.
10,It's the best!
10,You're the best!
10,It's a movie that's perfect for both theme and action casting music
10,the best movie of my life
10,Now that I think about it, how did they make it like that? It's a question.
10,  impact,  shock
10,It's a masterpiece of all masterpieces...
10,The sound effect, the last sound effect, was enough for me to shed tears
10,No words needed
10,I made a mark on a big movie that needed no more words.
10,The best movie of my life. It's the last touching movie.
10,It's a movie that still has a great impact. It's the same as Jurassic Park
10,That's like director James Cameroon
10,How do I put this creepy sixth sense into writing?
10,Oh, my
8,A sequel that's better than the original. Here it is! The best!
10,최고의 영화
10,What's with the guy who gave me a point? I can't get enough of it after watching it more than 10 times.
10,A movie that really doesn't need words!
10,It's really fun. SF movies are number one!
10,a charismatic film
10,I can't help but give you 10 points
8,Number one action movie.
10,This is not a movie! It's art!
10,Linda Hamilton as Monshay
10,다녀올게
8,the sorrow of a sequel that is beyond the previous series
10,I will never forget the last scene.
10,a film that marks a milestone in action movies
10,Awesome. Biggest action movie ever.
10,a wordless film A meticulous scenario, too, Cameron
8,Sarah Connor... Linda Hamilton's muscles and the last lingering...
9,The peak of SF... Action and emotion in one place.
10,It's much better than what's coming out these days.
10,It's always fun to watch;
10,The best movie with both box office and cinematic quality
10,It's a movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it, it's
10,RBW Back
4,It is interesting, but the degree of completion?
10,Never watch a video shop. Download the complete version. That's real
10,T2 is the highest peak of the T-Series that surpasses T1.
10,Four of you gave me a point at the same time. Look at me, Flashman
10,The owner of OO1 is not watching a movie for the first time, but living honestly
10,It was a time of thunderstorms, and the modern 1-point owner of Two Cops in 1994 was a doll
10,What's with the trash that gives you a point? It's still number one right now
10,The best action...
9,It's still fun when I was in elementary school.
9,The fact that this movie was released in 1991 alone amazes us
10,Best story, best video, best actor, best director
10,The unforgettable last scene...
10,A famous line. "Look at her at home, you little girl!"
10,You're the best
10,A movie that doesn't need words...
10,There's no needless words!
10,Fun? You don't need to talk.
10,It's the best of all science fiction movies
10,It's the best movie...How can I express it?
10,Three trashy episodes ruined this whole series -_-;;
10,I can't compare it with 2003...
10,3 was fun, too
8,It's a good movie for a blockbuster
10,I miss you again
8,The image of T-1000 running while being shot!
1,--  I think it's kind of destructive
10,This movie is the best SF movie
10,A movie that expresses the possibility of the future
10,It's a movie that's fun no matter how many times I watch it, it'
10,T2, the new beginning of SF... I don't know how many times I saw your luggage.
10,the best film that still stands up to now
10,An amazing movie that broke the saying that the sequel is not as good as the previous one. Always Goooood!
10,Terminator is cute
10,돌아올 것이다.
10,It's the best out of 123
10,It was really fun!.
10,Terminator 2 is a masterpiece
10,#1 in DVD possession value
10,The best movie of my life! Number 14, Batta...See you again...
10,Masterpiece is Dawn...
9,A good movie!
10,The best of SF movies. Was I the only one who cried in the last scene?
10,Fun, touching CG. I've never seen a SF movie like this
10,Already participating
10,You're the best!
10,CG Pressure
10,Don't show me the ones who gave me a star
10,You don't really like it. It's really the best!
1,It's not that...
1,not much
1,What are you talking about when you watch a movie?
10,One of the best movies of my life
10,It's fun
8,작은집에 갔다 올게
10,It's fun no matter how many times I watch it
9,Fancy action. Not a light story
10,To be honest... Those who give less than 7 points are those who don't know how to watch movies!
10,Even now, it's the best when you look at the various times!
10,No matter what anyone says, it's the best. As expected, James Cameron, Arnold Schwarzenegger
10,A film with a great story (past and future
10,A movie that is not believed to be 10 years old
10,It's really good
10,The best movie! an eternal masterpiece
10,The best movie! Fun? Thrilling? Touching? Artistry? It's all in here.
10,It's an eternal masterpiece
1,Well...
10,A movie that can be praised as a masterpiece
10,What more words are needed. The first movie I've seen twice in the theater. Asdala Vista.
10,It's coming back.
10,The movie that ranks third in my heart ^^
10,Top
10,Good
10,절 믿으세요.
10,What do you have to say?
10,작은집에 갔다 올게
10,an invitational work
10,a film that can't be said to have been made by humans
10,The best masterpiece! This is the true touch.
10,A movie that remains a legend and will never be forgotten even after centuries
10,the best movie
10,There is no movie like this.It's not gonna happen in the future.Forever!
9,Ten years later, it's as good as it is
10,The solidity and technology of the story overshadow the fact that it was in the 90sFor the next 10 years,
10,There's no need for words... just watch without words
10,I think it's so well made that it doesn't seem like it was made in 1991
10,masterpiece, masterwork, magnum opus, classic, fine piece
10,I think it's going to be fun
10,It's the best!!! Terminator 2 is the funniest in the Terminator series.You're the best!
10,It is a movie that lacks even five stars. The best movie of my life. The Last God's Touch.
10,The horoscope is Anaka Eunyeonghwa
10,Now I know why I'm crying, but I still can't cry.The best movie ever!
10,What a funny Terminator ^.^
10,I can't make it any better than this!
10,I watch it every time I do it on television, but it's fun every time.
10,The first and last masterpiece, Matrix 1, is an 80% buffer of Ter 2
10,This is the best.
10,Action no matter how many times I see it
10,It's fun even if you watch it again!
10,15 years old on TV and 18 years old here.Was it deleted on TV?
10,It's so much fun
10,I wish Terminator 3 didn't come out.
10,I made it when I was two years old. -ㅅ-
10,Oh, my.A masterpiece is...It's still the same after all these years.
10,Bravo Bravo Bravo Good Good. Amazing movie
10,His thumb... How can I forget!
10,A movie I've seen dozens of times that doesn't need words
10,There is a shortage of 10 stars. It's a trick.
1,I'm doing it. Wait
10,In a word... Good
10,Terminator fans will do this in Saturday's masterpiece LOL
10,The best in the Terminator series!
10,Yay!!! Terminator 2 is on. I have to watch it. It's so thrilling every time I watch it.
10,I don't need anything more to say. The best SF action
10,최고의 영화
10,play a good game
10,the best five
9,The perfect counter punch from a 90s science fiction movie
10,The movie that I really enjoyed watching!!!
10,It's the best...
10,The last time I saw you at the movie theater!
10,Terminator, fighting!
10,the pinnacle of entertainment films
10,3 stars out of 10 is the best movie of my life.
10,I wonder what happened to Saekhee's brain
1,I wish 2 was the end.
10,The most touching moment of my life.
10,It's a lot more fun than the previous one. There are a lot of lines from Arnold. There were a lot of funny parts.L
10,Before the Matrix... It was the best future movie ever!
1,That's weird
10,It's the most valuable movie ever
10,The pride of SF movies
10,the best movie without words
10,Smashing movie. All good
10,There's never a movie like Terminator in Hollywood
10,..the best action movie ever!
10,I'm thinking about how many points I should give, but of course I should give 10
10,James Cameron is a genius...
10,I still remember the scenes from the movie I watched
10,I can't believe it's 91SF!
10,Much better than the previous movie! The best SF action that combines both touching and action!
10,a masterpiece with no scenes to waste
10,The best action that's in line with <Matrix>!
10,The best movie I've ever seen
7,It's money. The movie that money made...
10,The Best SF Masterpiece
10,It's a perfect score
10,It's weird not to give 10 points
7,I think 5 points would be enough.
6,It must be a great innovation, but it's not my cup of tea.ㅠ
10,It's really the best...
10,Is there a word to express this movie?
10,It was the best...
10,the best movie of my life
10,The Legend of SF Movies, Perfect Story
10,I look forward to the re-release. It's so much fun no matter how many times I watch it!
10,It's an immortal masterpiece, considering it came out in 1991
10,작은집에 갔다 올게과연 !
10,It's the best ^^
10,One thing that I regret about this movie is that I watched it too late.
10,There's no need for words.
10,Even though everyone has different eyes when they watch movies.T2 is all in!^^
10,Leon and Alien 2 are the only movies to match this movie. That much, it's a masterpiece!
10,Part two is the end of the Terminator
10,I've seen this movie dozens of times.
10,Fun the whole time!
9,It's a masterpiece.
10,SF's masterpiece that will never be forgotten...
10,Take a look at the DVD director's version!! It's the best!
10,I saw it on OCN, too. It's so fun
10,I saw it on OCN and it was so touching.ㅜㅜ
10,an elaborate story that leaves Arnold's muscles unnoticed
10,I wonder if there's a movie that's the equivalent of Terminator 2.
10,There's no needless words! If you haven't watched it yet, watch it right now!
10,James Cameron is the best!
10,I'm not going to do it this Chuseok.^^;;
10,The sequel could be better. That's what happened in that's what happened.
10,I cried while watching it at the theater...
10,A movie that changes fate!
10,I'm surprised this is a movie from 13 years ago
10,I don't know when this movie will be outstanding.-.-;;
10,I've already seen you dozens of times, but I want to see you again
10,You're amazing and the best!
10,A true champion!
10,There is still nothing better than this movie.
10,I think there will be no better movie in my life than this.
10,Heyjud, don't nitpick for nothing. If you're so annoyed, play by yourself
10,It's the best.
1,Garbage American Heroism
10,No one knows why it's James Cameron.
10,I'm short of 10 stars... Terminator is still alive. HE BACK
10,Five stars. Ten is not enough
10,Best... No need to say more...My mouth hurts
10,You have to give me at least 10 points.The best movie I've ever seen!
10,the best of the few films of this time outpacing the best prequel
10,The best movie left...
10,I saw it when I was young, but it's still the best
10,Simply put, it's more fun than Silmido
9,I got 9 points
10,A masterpiece that doesn't need words.
10,A movie that is more than 10 years ahead.It's the best.
10,At least at this level, you will hear the sound of an immortal masterpiece.The best I've ever seen!
10,It's not a '91 movie
10,I can't say "I enjoyed it". It's not a movie that I watch for fun
10,I thought the average score would be 10 days.Haha
10,The one who doesn't say the best is Dora
10,It's the best movie. I'm sure everyone hasn't seen it.
10,The best graphic at the time... The action story that's better than the first movie is a must-see movie
10,This is a real action movie. a masterpiece of a masterpiece
10,The t-shirt is really scary.It's much more fun than 1
10,It's just fun
10,The best SF masterpiece of my life! These are 20 stars
10,It's a movie that's worth giving 1,000 stars
10,The movie that I really enjoyed when I was young is why they don't do it these days
10,Top
10,It's hard to say that I'm worse than the first episode.
10,It's a bit worse than the first one, but it's a blockbuster
10,It's a movie that you can't get tired of watching
10,Everything's a great movie
10,The best science fiction movie ever! I really recommend it. I strongly recommend it
10,It's a waste to watch a movie alone.You are the best interests
10,It's a necessary business.the best movie
10,The only thing I can say is that it's fun! Shocking when I first saw it!
10,Will I ever see such a fun movie again in my life?
10,Action and moving waves!
10,The third movie reminded me of James Cameron.
10,This movie is really a philosophy!!!
9,Why did we get T3? Poor quality of your previous work! T2. You're still the best!
10,It would have been crazy if that went out in the theater 3 is not good. 1 is not good. 2 is the best
10,Choice precedes fate.
10,I've seen 10 videos so far. I don't get tired of it...
10,I saw it five times in the theater.My butt is stiff.
10,It's not just a science fiction movie This is art, philosophy and religion
10,It's so funny
10,The best movie of my life.
10,I don't need any more words.
10,T3 was worth watching, but why do you call 3 trash?
10,The best! Is there anyone who hasn't seen this movie?
10,Anyone who says "The Matrix" is funnier than "Terminal" doesn't watch it properly
10,Two is more interesting than three, and no one can deny it
10,작은집에 갔다 올게
9,one of the few movies whose sequel beats the previous one
10,It is a movie that lacks nothing compared to the first movie.
9,Terminator 2 is fun!
10,It's really jam-packed, so keep it for yourself
10,James Cameron's T2 was the best, Jonathan's T3 was the worst
10,Because of the third movie, the second movie stands out more...Seriously, episode 3 is too much.
9,Terminator 1 and 2 are both fun. Don't watch 3
10,2 is the best, 3 is trash
10,After watching the second episode, I fell in love with Terminator.The best masterpiece. Don't watch episode 3
10,It's a really good movie, but it's sad
10,Episode 1 and 2 are the best! Episode 3!
9,The second episode was the most fun and the quality was high
10,종료됨
9,나는 기계다.
