토이 스토리 2
6,Even now, it's fun. Good, good, good.
1,Farmers, noodles, noodles, noodles,
1,Just like my childhood memories,
1,Hmm... I feel like I need to adjust it.Hah!
6,The NG shot idea at the end is so cute and lively LOL
6,It's like he's not out of the law of the sequel
6,I guess it was worse than the previous one
6,It is still good to be fresh, but the probability of bringing out confrontation or thrill is less than that of the first round.
1,It's childish in the eyes of an adult
6,I can't remember the story...
1,LOL
5,Well, I enjoyed watching it
6,Family animation that you can enjoy easily
1, the right
5,To be honest, it fell a lot compared to the first episode
4,I'm not as good as the first one Especially, the story is not good enough
1,cliche
6,It wasn't twisted and twisted and exciting, it was just frustrating.
1,Children's comics
1,How do you watch this?
2,Don't let them in.Does this make sense?
1,That's not it
1,I like the first one better, too
1,It was fun, but how dare you jump over the Dark Knight?
1,There's no need for words
1,This isn't it, Jan
1,This is first place? It's worse than Wall E
1,Even if I enjoyed watching it when I was young, it's not number one.
6,Congratulations on being ranked above 300, but I think it will fall to 150th place tomorrow.
1,Tom Hanks has a good voice, but it's not beyond Shawshank's escape.
4,I didn't really enjoy watching it when I was in elementary school...
1,To be honest, it's not a 10-point movie
1,It's a really interesting movie, but this rating is a bit too much.
1,Not really
1,If you spend a lot of money and enjoy your eyes, the score is this high, so let's think about it and give it a score.
6,I don't want to cut the previous one.Casting is the best, too
1,It's not fun
6,Byulbyul... The original is better
5,a sequel that is no different from the previous one
5,Disney trying to bury itself quietly without much change.
4,To be honest, it wasn't as fun as the original, but what's with the rating?
4,Personally, I enjoyed watching it more than the previous one
1,It's a completely unmade trash movie. It's so childish
4,Is there anything you can't do in Hollywood? Number 2 animation following Nemo
