캐스트 어웨이
6,Tom's just trying to protect his pendant necklace, or he's just calling the volleyball Wilson, and he's so pathetic
2,I saw it because it was a masterpiece, but there was nothing that lingered...It's so boring... I think it's around 6 points.It's a movie where I can't take back the Christmas presents I gave Kelly.
1,It's crude and everything is unclear. If this is 9, then Kim's drift is 19 points
5,The uninhabited part is fun.
6,It's great to watch a movie that's all Tom Hanks' acting alone
2,Just change the title to "beggar." Oh, it's so gross
1,Promoting Public Sector Efforts to Lock Republican Opportunity
1,tryjliujhlouyty.
1,어려운 환경에도 불구하고 해공군 공업이 회복되었다
1,The subject matter of the film, Wilson, is novel, but as the second half went on, he felt like he was trying to teach a forced lesson The story of the main character's capture is too short and the useless story after the main character's rescue is too long. It's not a work to get 1 point, but 7 to 8 points seem appropriate, so I give 1 point
5,Why are you broadcasting this movie on EBS1 when you're really eating?
6,All wrong. The lesson from this movie is that I also have a memory of getting dental treatment that I delayed after watching this movie
6,It would have been better if there were more uninhabited scenes, but the score is low because there are many daily lives like dramas.
1,I think it's a waste to give one point.
2,It's both heartbreaking and hopeful. Now that I can go anywhere.
3,It's not fun. I saw it because of my homework.
4,That's strange. I was so bored.   Especially after Tom Hanks was rescued, he dozed off
1,There are a lot of psychopaths who enjoyed this boring movie
6,Is it this bad? It's just so
6,I give you two more stars because of Wilson
1,It's a good movie. It has a high rating
6,The message that loneliness is not felt when you are on a deserted island, but when your loved one is not around is intense. Tom Hanks' acting ability is also excellent.
1,It was worth seeing, but it was like a pure scent
2,It's not that fun. It's boring
6,I don't like the lines. The part of the island's struggle and escape was exciting, but the rest of the composition was too boring. At the end, the orange-winged FedEx delivery is astonishingly far fetched.
1,It's like a movie with bubbles I feel like I lost two hours
1,It's pretty good
1,Tom Hanks' OOO-only movie.
2,It was so boring.ㅠㅠ Maybe it's because I watched Life of Pie in a row
1,Are you kidding me?
1,a film directed by Robert Germekis from Back to the Future
1,It's really boring...
5,Did it have to be 143 minutes?
4,It's more like I'm falling asleep. Maybe it's because I'm sleepy, but the story isn't that... I think I'll have to watch it again.
2,Even though there was no need to do it for a long time, the video of silence in every Guji scene was boring.
6,Before I saw this, I could see that the works that were drifting on uninhabited islands were packaged.
4,Even the running time is too long due to the boring setting that leads from "unmanned island" to "alone."
4,I was looking forward to the fun of the movie after watching Tonks, but I was bored all the time
3,Not a masterpiece to me: 1. Scissors hand 2. Cast away hmmm... a bit boring;
4,I think I was fooled by the rating.All I can say is that it's so boring.
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,It was boring
1,Not so bad that
1,It is so overrated. For rating adjustment
5,a poor performance
5,Robinson Crusoe by Tom Hanks. The acting is pathetic, but the story is stuck in the frame.
6,a modern version of Robinson Crusoe
5,If you're bored, it's all over
3,Boring and no lessons.The main character's acting is worth watching
1,Why does my curly hair become blonde because I grew it out?
6,It's a little boring...
6,Tom Hanks' acting film, but with a bit of boredom and cliché
1,The worst movie of my life...
1,Everyone says it's fun, but why am I like that... It's not in the 9 point range
1,What is this? What do you want me to do?
1,It was boring
1,I can't believe such a boring and far-fetched movie has such a high rating.
1,not much
6,Romance all of a sudden from adventure...;;
6,I gave you a lot. Honestly, think about it in a month. Will it come to mind other than Wilson?
5,There's a lot of good fun in the traces of this and that
5,I don't know
6,좋아요.
5,It's not fun, it's just a movie ^^
4,It's just... a movie that's good to kill time
4,It's a movie where the scenes in the middle of the deserted island were empty.
6,OK.
5,Man transformed by the environment and the wind and waves of time, loneliness crueler than isolation
1,It was boring.
1,Top
1,a film featuring Wilson's performance
6,I don't understand the rating
1,Tom Hanks' movies have become boring at some point
3,There's nothing to see but the desert island and Hanks
5,It's kind of boring...It's so pathetic.But I like the ending.
1,There are so many movies like this
4,In a time that I can't relate to,
5,But it's kind of boring!
1,It's a little boring.
1,What should I say?
5,You know, it's a Fedex commercial
2,It's so boring
1,such, this, like this, this kind of
6,It's a story that'
3,Why on earth is it ranked high? I don't understand
1,After watching
4,Tom Hanks Mono Drama!
3,It's boring, it's boring, boring
6,be a masterpiece
6,I trusted Tom Hanks' name, but the FedEx commercial didn't bother me
6,A good movie
1,It's a masterpiece. A movie that impressed me
5,My friend is a volleyball player.
5,More than I expected -_-
5,If you want to know how to survive on a desert island, look
6,Hanks, too, is a disappointing recent movie.Slump?
