안녕 베일리
2,This movie is rated zero because of one dog, who ate all the honey in Hin-guk, washed his own country, washed his head in China, and put his head down in Korea
5,Dogs are love. Whether it's fun or not, the dog person cries.
6,
4,What I don't like the most about the very strange movie, which was well-received because of the cute dogs in the sports complex of poor performers, is why Hollywood directors asked for strange hairstyles from an Asian child? I hate white hair.
1,Poor story compared to the first one. And Henry's awkward acting ruined the movie
6,-1 because of Henry.
5,A movie for a dog lover about a ridiculous dog past life
6,It's a touching movie, but Henry is funny when he watches it. Henry's acting is also cheesy, and his bald hair is even funnier. I can't concentrate on the movieK
1,I'm scared of Chinese capital. Taiwanese who can't act better than Bailey.  I can't stand the cringe of bad acting in Taiwan. It should have been made by the previous director without Chinese capital...
5,It's amazing to see Henry here
6,I really don't like my mom. I'll tell you that I lied to you because you're not a bad person. Henry is good at acting. I saw Henry and the heroine all alone, but I didn't know it was this movie
4,Henry's father is Hong Kong, his mother is Taiwanese, not Korean
1,This is definitely a rating manipulation. I was tricked.
1,It's not enough compared to the first one. Henry is so awkward that it's cheesy
2,I thought it was around 9 points. Oh, no. 20 judges. starring Henry. Elementary fantasy that's good for children.
1,
6,It's worse than the first one.
1,It's not fun at all.
1,Except for the cute puppy, everything is... Is the high rating an advertisement?
1,I'm bored. I think someone who really likes dogs is my type
1,I feel like I'm filming the dog's behavior first and then sticking to the line
2,The people who have the general rule are moved by the fact that they put their own dog in. It's not good if I don't have one. First of all, dogs are cute and good at acting, but the most important scenario is not good. It's just not touching or fun. It's just for killing time. But the ratings are unusually high. I gave it low because it seemed like there was a lot of need to lower it. I thought you looked like Henry, but it was nice to see you out of nowhere
5,It's kind of boring because I don't have an animal
6,It's so fast, so improbable, so cheesy. But I think the ending is "G" and "J"
6,It's boring compared to Bailey Again, and the story is going nowhere.It was like watching a little human theater.My hands and feet cringe from time to time.Henry's acting wasn't bad. // Ethan and Bailey's scene is the best
6,It's an American movie with Chinese capital, but the story is lol. But I enjoyed watching it because I like dogs
2,It was worse than the previous one crying
6,Overall, it was less touching than 1 and ending in 1 is more... Still, in the last scene, Eden waited for Bailey on the rainbow bridge.Our puppy, live a long, healthy life
1,It's childish and acting weird
4,Obviously, dogs are cute, but most of the supporting characters surrounding the main character abnormally present a crisis to the main character. In addition, the new wave and awkward comedy that cause ridiculous laughter are a bonus.
6,It is touching, but the audience rating is too high. Is it because of Henry?
1,Should have ended up in Bailey Gain. That's a great rating. Unfortunately, I hope there are no more people who throw away their money. In a good movie, the heroine's ugliness and Henry's sprinkling
2,I was going to take it lightly, but it's too
2,I don't know why this movie is about pets. Euthanasia from the beginning... Why do dogs have to be born as puppies? a movie that humans forced to relax
5,Henry's poor acting is half the price.It's a movie that I really like, but I'm very disappointed.
4,I loved Bailey Again so much that I was looking forward to the second one, but the content is way below the previous one. I never cried. Henry's acting was so...But it wasn't. I think the dog acted the best.
3,Is it because the director of this movie is not the director of the previous film "Bailey Again"?It feels like a completely different movie전The story and visual beauty were not as good as the previous work, and the overall atmosphere was not that bright.I wish I'd finished it in my previous work.
1,Just do the first verse. Only the first movie is fun and fresh
6,The movie is fun and touching, but there are so many coincidences
6,I miss you, Chorong
1,Henry... Oh, my.That's too much. You did a good job
3,I'm falling without fear
6,I don't understand considering the lifespan of the dog. Confession is out of the blue and Henry is out of the blue     Is Mr. and Mrs. Eden emotionally lacking or originally pure without anger? I can't relate to the dog's gaze because I'm not a dog... Phew...
4,I can't handle it because I'm an atheist and I've never had a petHenry's cringe-worthy facial expression and makeup at the end. I'm speechless
2,I saw Henry's childhood at 19 minutes of running time, and the dog at 21 minutes of running time is a feminine part, but the dubbing of the dog's human voice is a male voice, and the background tone of Molly's troublemaking scene is too weak. T-ara Molly~
2,It's my first time watching a movie... I'll give you 2 points thinking that it's different by myself
1,The reality is that if you leave a baby and a dog alone, you'll be in big trouble
4,Personally, Henry's acting seemed unnatural I had to look at the painful makeup, but I thought of "I Live Alone" and almost burst out laughing alone in a quiet movie theater
1,Personally, acting...
2,You can say it in 3 letters. No, Geun, Bon.
5,Should have stopped at Bailey Gain
4,I was looking forward to Bailey's again-class excitement, and I finally booked a ticket, and I took my tired body, and what's this? Of course, Henry's acting was surprisingly good, not to mention his acting, except for this
4,From children to adults (except Eden), acting is all awkward. I was looking forward to the first episode because it was pretty good, but the story was all forced fairy tales... Henry is surprisingly handsome on the screen, so he sees him as a taste!
6,It's healing to have a dog, but I think the storyline is unreasonable because I haven't raised a dogㅜㅜ
6,I cried because I laughed so hard while looking at Henry's makeup. The story was more disappointing than the first one, but I was moved at the end
4,Compared to the first episode, I honestly thought it would be better to have a dog because it was cute. If Bailey was the main character in the first episode, the second movie would be a supporting role in a third-rate Sinpa drama. It's a waste of money
1,I don't know why the rating is 10. A story that forces warmth to connect. Dogs are good at acting. It's a movie that makes you laugh. And unfortunate Henry...
6,I saw Bailey Again so moving that I was looking forward to it...The ending is kind of... And the last time you left with Eden, you were supposed to be a retriever, right?!!! Bailey started as a retriever!
5,I was ready to cry, but I couldn't relate to anything ㅠㅠ What a waste of 12,000 won for weekend dinner
2,How can I give you zero points? Serious
6,I think it'll be up to Bailey 99th
1,Henry ruined everything. I left the movie theater feeling bad.
6,You experience a burst of laughter in the serious part. I can't get into it after that scene
4,Stories are forced and crazy. It's out of the blue. It's not fun at all of a sudden
1,To be honest, the acting was so exaggerated that I couldn't concentrate. What's worse is that people burst into laughter when they shouldn't laugh as if they were watching a variety show at a movie theater. I can't concentrate on my role that much. And the story develops so fast that I can't concentrate more. That's it for the end
