이웃집 토토로
2,The interpretation is interesting, but the movie itself is not interesting.Just a cute movie
2,
6,I wish I had a friend like Totoro.
6,The babies are so cute. Innocent. The overall atmosphere of the movie is also very mellow. But it feels like I was going to start something but stopped?
1,I was really looking forward to it I don't know if it's because it's an old movie.
4,It's not an animation to watch the story, but it's just for healing. If Toto wasn't cute, the animation would be a third-rate trash. It's just a straight line
1,I thought I was going to die because it was so boring Is the rating for real? The average of 4.5 was not enough I'll give you 1 point because I think you'll be sleepy no matter how much you do I think it's cheap even if you give me 0 points.I don't know what you're talking about, I don't know who you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about
6,It's not fun to see for the first time in 2020 without memories.
6,Actually, it's very boring... If Totoro comes out a lot, I would watch it because it's cute. ㅠㅠ Still, it's cute.
5,At the end, I didn't like the forced emotional squeeze. But overall, the production is good...I did make it well, but... The problem is that May's voice actor was really so unlikable; (Japanese version) she kept losing her immersion throughout the whole time. Why do you have to listen to the old lady's voice and forceful acting when she needs to hear her voice?;; It is the first spring when a voice actor pours cold water on a well-made Annie.I like almost all of Ghibli's works and I really respect Miyazaki, but... Why would you choose such a voice actor to ruin the quality of your work?It's just questionable and unfortunate.
1,It's so much fun when you watch it when you sleep
2,I think I enjoyed watching it when I was young
1,I hate MAY's character. It's a movie that's good for culture and common sense
5,Honestly, if there wasn't a cat bus, it would have been 1 point.
5,The movie itself was boring. I was looking forward to the production of Senwa Chihiro, but the content could be reduced to 10 minutes...Instead, I could look closely at each character.The pure acting of my precious family May, who is a mischievous little brother and youngest, was healing from time to time.
6,I watched it because it was famous, but it was a little boring for me ㅜㅜ I fell asleep the whole time I watched ㅜㅜ
1,
5,My sister's voice is so disgusting that it's hard to see her
6,Only otaku like this movie
6,It's been a long time. The resolution is not that's why
1,This movie is not fun at all
4,It's normal. An emotional movie with an outstanding original
2,The people who watch this movie are still traitors
6,It was fun^^
1,I hate Japanese animation.
1,Let's skip the movie!
1,Ilbong is the best singer
6,Good. It's good to watch it again I'd love to.
1,imitative farmers and herdsmen of southern China
4,They're supposed to be dead. Totoro is the trust of the underworld, and the cat bus is a means of transportation that carries the souls of the dead. And their mother was hospitalized where there were terminal cancer patients. The director is famous for glorifying cruel reality. That's why I call him Hayao Mihwazaki
6,13423573457 Totoro is a character that I can't help but love.
6,It's fun. It's definitely Annie. ^^
1,Children should not be shown the works of artists with values that glorify war. I don't understand why it was re-released
2,I'm sick of it. Please stop showing it
6,Totoro's ghost story is really true--it was later disputed that Miyazaki Hayao was not.
3,If I had seen this movie in 1988, I might have rated it well, but it hasn't been good to watch again these days. There's not much story either. It wasn't a fantasy at all, and I didn't like it because I didn't feel immersed in the incident. I guess I'm too old.
6,It's boring, boring, boring.
6,The corn here looks really good
6,It's cute. It'
4,It's not a very good work to be re-released. The content and workmanship of Nausica in Wind Valley are much better, so I'd rather re-release it
1,I don't know what's in it. I don't know what it's about. I don't think it's touching. I don't know what the hell you were thinking about.
6,It's been a while since it came out, so the resolution was bad, but it was a fun movie to watch with the kids
1,Watch it on TV at home. Dokdo belongs to Korea
6,Totoro is cute.But it's not fun because I've seen it so many times on TV
6,Well, it's just, um...
6,I was looking forward to the re-release because I like Ghibli movies, but I couldn't concentrate because of the elementary school students, so I thought I was going to die.I didn't even know if I went to see Totoro or to get stressed out. The movie was so good
2,Wow, it's kind of weird to curse, but I curse It's so boring even if I watch it again. Why is it being re-released? It's totally no fun. I'm 17 years old now. I saw an old kid and now I have to watch it with them. It's no fun. It's
4,Good movie. But Doraemon was released on National Liberation Day.It's released as Toto on Memorial Day.It feels like I'm laughing at you.Memorial Day... There are many people who died fighting Japan, but if you think about them, let's not go to the movies on this day.
5,It doesn't matter if you're a preschooler, but if you're more than a teenager, it'll be very childish
6,A movie that is boring but also healing
1,크류지키티우르트
6,Kindergarten... Elementary school kids animation
1,Do it right...--ㅡㅡ
1,Beijing Science and Technology Space Administration's Single Point
1,If I made her wish come true because she was pretty, would she have eaten her? an abominable film rooted in appearanceism
2,Look at the Language Garden, it's a boring old movie that's a waste of an hour and a half.
5,I didn't get interested because I didn't understand the children leading the movie, the plot was boring and Toto was cute, but the country background didn't work very well either Personally, among Miyazaki's works... It would be nice for babies to see
1,The movie ended while playing hide-and-seek with monsters. What is it's...
5,What kind of fun is that?
6,It's just something to watch. Not bad.
1,Hayao Miyazaki apparently used the murder as a motif. Sen and Chihiro also used the motif of prostitution hot springs, but of course Totoro's ghost stories are true. At the end of the day, I was scared of what she said because all the kids were dead
4,Hayao Miyazaki's Standard Value
1,I don't understand why this is 9.2.
3,Princess Nausica Laputa Senta. If I had to add it, I'd say haul. I don't know about Ghibli other than the cute characters TT: It's just a movie that you can watch lightly
6,I can't believe it's from '88.  the world of children
6,Boring memories...
6,Is it because I lost my childhood innocence or because I'm too used to modern movies? It's a bit boring
1,Why is this so boring for me?
1,Except for Sen and Chihiro Annie, everything seems to be missing.
1,Only Toto is cute.There's not much to the story Everything is a mess except for Senchi-hiro
1,The character is famous, so I remember it, but I don't know the story. Materials and stories that don't fit me
1,Unrealistic monsters aren't that cute, they're not that touching.
1,I'm scared of ghost stories crying
6,Was it a dream? I guess it wasn't a dream!
5,The art part is highly regarded, and the rest is not very... Especially for the content, it's hard to give a big score...
3,He's so pure that he's alien
2,It's not fun and the drawing style is burdensome. I'm not sure what it's about. It's over
5,Oh, my
1,g
5,It's not fun
1,I don't agree
1,The director took his medicine. The ghost story is true. The coach also admitted.
1,I was tricked. Damn it
1,It's so famous that I saw her, and she's gone, and she's gone, and she's gone, and she's gone. And what is the cat bus? Like he was drugged when he was young
1,This makes you feel good? LOL I don't think it's the best movie. It's boring and has a lot of holes in the story. It's not cute
6,I think it's been about five to six years since I watched this movie, but after I learned the truth of Totoro, I thought it was all fantasy that I came to the peace of the movie. Still, the movie was not bad, but I don't understand the content well.
1,1 point for rating adjustment. I don't understand why the movie's evaluation is good. The ending was so empty, and most of all, it felt like the first episode of an animation
1,It was a dream, but it wasn't a dream.
1,It's not a one-point score, but honestly, I'll adjust it a little bit. I think the six-point range is appropriate
5,If it was a modern animation, it's one of the best animations to give a little bit -- a good movie to kill time for the old one, but what about the 10-point guys?
1,I got a good rating, so I didn't like it'I think I'm weird because you like everythingQ!
6,I didn't have much fun. I gave 6 points because Totoro was cute
6,Feeling like a child. Beautiful Eunyeong shoes
5,I guess I was the only one who didn't think it was funny
1,What's this? It's not fun at all. It's not fun at all
3,The character was cute, but he couldn't appeal to me
6,Honestly, it's not as good as I expected. ;;
1,What's so funny about you guys?
1,I hope it's a lot of fun.It's not fun...
6,I am Lee Junyoung from Anyang, Gyeonggi Province!
4,Less than 5 points
3,It doesn't seem enough to write an unconvincing imaginary story as a fairy tale
1,Adults under the age of 10 have a strange second grand prize for non-recommended director works
3,There is no content... because Toto is cute, the score is old
5,Japanese animation has a lot of lingering feelings when it comes to music and videos. This is... I don't know.
1,What a ridiculous ending!
5,Huh??? I was about to start something but it was over ㅠㅠ I was looking forward to it as much as Sen and Chihiro, so I felt a bit empty
1,It's all in vain. It's not fun.
1,I'm not a child, but I enjoy watching Annie, but honestly, it's not fun. It's a children's movie
6,a story from the pure eyes of everyday life
6,Well, not really
1,It's not funny
5,Am I too grown up?T
4,I can't believe it's over 9.00...The horse knows
6,I don't like it very much, but I think it's a movie that can leave childhood and the world!
1,That's not fun.
2,Usually! The rating is too high. I'll peel it a bit
2,Oh, I'm bored.I turned it off while watching it
5,It's just...
1,That's not fun.
1,It's from Totoro Miyazaki
6,I think I have a high rating.Maybe it's because I'm looking forward to it.The children and Totoro were cute, but that's it.
1,At the end of 2007, my teacher showed me when I was in the 6th grade. I have been looking forward to it since a long time ago, but it is really a mess
6,Did I grow up too much? Why is that so?;;;;;
4,Don't be fooled by the rating. It's too high. Compared to Sen, Chihiro, and Howl,
1,It's not fun...
3,Honestly, I don't know why you're saying it's so funny... It's not that funny...
1,This is a S.B cartoon. Is this a kid movie? It's so annoying
1,Even considering the time difference, it's too high. 7-8 points is appropriate
6,Knowing Toto as the main character is not even a supporting role for the big Osan Toto
6,Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1,Why am I not funny?
2,Maybe it's because I don't like movies like this. It's not funny, it's not touching.
3,I'm jealous of the friends who enjoyed it.
1,It's perfect for kids
1,Fool Totoro
6,I think I was expecting too much.
1,One point is not enough
5,The story goes without saying that there are so many sexy scenes, and the faces of the kids are funny
2,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,Miyazaki Hayao's graduation graduation. Why did I watch this?
3,I can't believe there are 590 part-timers
6,I don't know about anything else, but I really hate children like May. I can't give you points because of May
1,I feel a sense of rejection.
1,What did you do with all the sleeping Totoro? Rather call it the neighbor cat bus.
1,It's not fun. Time is a waste. I was looking forward to it after seeing Senkwa Chihiro, but if it's 10 points, this is 1 point
1,Director Hayao Miyazaki! I guess we don't have the same code. sorry
5,The ending is [-]
5,The screen is so nice.
1,It's hard for children to relate to Miyazaki's meaning
1,It's not fun... I don't recommend it
6,How many times does Toto come out?
6,It's a bit boring.
6,It is not fun for a Hayao cartoon.
6,a well-known feast It's just a cat bus.
6,a tearful sisterhood
1,It's not fun
5,Even if it is a national animation for the whole family, the level of the episode is too low.
5,- To be honest, it's not as good as I expected.
6,I'm embarrassed because it's just cute
1,There's no content--
2,Is this Hayao's work? by the way;;
5,It is good for Hayao. As expected, Koreans don't know how to watch movies.
1,It's a movie that only kids like
3,I don't know if it'll be good to watch on TV sometimes
4,I don't like this one. -_-
5,Isn't it too bland?
1,I've seen all the animations, but I was afraid of Totoro
6,I'm more attracted to Sen and Chihiro.
4,I don't like it
4,Sympathy content development is obviously boring
5,With pretty characters...But... It's so boringcrying
1,It's not fun...
1,A meaningless movie with nothing
3,It's fun
6,Childhood world. I watched it with a calm smile ^^
1,Bello
3,It's... I'm so sleepy.In the end, we couldn't make it past 35 minutes.Black.
5,A perfect baby animation.
3,Why am I not funny at all. >_<
6,Totoro is so cute.It wasn't very interesting
6,There are a lot of pretty characters. But the story isn't very ^^;
5,Well, honestly, I didn't like it. Except for being cute
1,Lowering the score...It's worth watching, but compared to Hayao Miyazaki's other animations...
2,I really didn't like this--- only the characters are cute, but strangely funny
2,As expected, the level of Japanese animation is less than that of Hollywood under its claws!
5,It's not too much fun. It's a warm and innocent movie. Ending is vain
6,I think the story is pure and nice.It's like
1,It sounds like fun.
3,I saw it, can my friend theIt's very good
5,Red pig is coming out!
