첫 키스만 50번째
2,I liked romance movies, so I watched them on Netflix, but they were the worst.
2,It's so childish, but the background is so obvious that it's a studio
1,The movie itself is a cliche, but you're giving a spoiler about Six Sense? It's a waste of one point
3,I turned it off after 30 minutes. Too much and childish. Spam is too salty, so it'd be nice to eat it as spam eggs. Namjoo only dates tourists because she's afraid she'll get stuck with a local girl. That's a great skill.
1,speech by healthcare professionals
6,The romantic comedy that you can see lightly, leaving a happy lingering feeling
6,Loving the person like the first time
2,I really don't like it. I don't know what's funny, but I didn't understand it until I talked about my female memory. Maybe it's because it's an old movie, but I couldn't really relate to it
1,It's not fun at all. I guess I'm weird. It's not fun at all
6,I wanted to be loved by him the whole time I watched the movie
4,It's not fun. Predictable story...
1,It's so old-fashioned that it's very unpleasant to watch again. The dirty slapstick that rolls around in vomit and excrement has come out so many times that it's disgusting, gay hate...What kind of gays are described as mental retardation? For those who really like old-fashioned jokes, it's okay, but it really doesn't fit right now. It's not visible
6,The background and OST were beautiful, and Adam Sandler's unique gag code was interesting. However, I wanted to wind it quickly in between due to a rather bland progression compared to fresh materials. Most of all, I couldn't watch it properly because I was so angry after being spoiled by Six Sense.
6,It's unrealistic and it doesn't ring a bell
1,I was watching and came out. a low-rated film
2,It's just boring. It's kind of bland. For me, who likes provocative unexpected stories, it feels like it's flowing
6,I watched it again in my old memories. It was just worth watching
6,I fell asleep watching this.
4,It felt like it was a short dance, but I still wanted to be in love like that's what I felt
3,The days when both were acting stupid. I don't understand why it's being re-released.
6,It's just a romantic movie.lol
5,It wasn't fun for me. Honestly, it's not a 10-point movie
6,I wonder if I can have that kind of love in real life and I'm jealous of that movie.
6,It was just normal  Haha
2,The number of kisses of the main characters and the number of sighs of visitors in front of the screen are proportional.A hectic storytelling and directing.The probability is the character setting of the main character of Casanova, who changed suddenly in a day when the dog was given away, and the gag code that makes you wonder if I put it in for a laugh, and the disgusting and unpleasant sex humor.
5,Every day, we take out the time and memories that have been separated
1,Honestly, it's a childish movie. It is a movie that was forced to make a impression, and Barrymore honestly has a bad voice, and his face itself is not suitable for acting. It's a face that can't capture the change of expression.
5,It doesn't make sense that this is rated higher than Six Sense.
2,It's bubbling. It's not good. Ranking bubble
1,I did watch it well. I'm not touched
6,It's worth seeing again.
1,I enjoyed watching it, but the rating is too high
3,The score in the 9-point range seems to be overrated...
6,It's a bit unrealistic, so it's hard to get into character
3,A simple romantic comedy where you can smile lightly
6,It wasn't bad or so good for real killing time. In the middle, the gags were funny at first but felt a little low. I got a crush on Drew Barrymore with this movie.
6,Whether you'll be bored or happy with repeated days depends on how you do it's up to you
1,I was so angry that I got a spoiler about Six Sense that the movie didn't come in after that
6,It's been a long time. Wouldn't it be better if the male protagonist was more handsome? Scratching...
1,I'm really angry because it's not funny but the rating is too high;
6,I don't know. Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it, but I saw the limit of the movie.
6,While over-setting and development are disturbing, it leaves a lot of lingering imagery
1,The rating is too high. For killing time
5,Drew Barrymore is cute So lovely ㅠㅠ At first, Adam Sendler looked so ugly, but at the end, he was so handsome.
6,6.5 (10 character limit)
6,Beautiful. Love. I'll remember Hawaii. I'll remember Hawaii. You, too. The movie.
1,LOL
3,Still, American comedy doesn't suit me. It's a story that makes you laugh.
6,It was interesting because the material was novel, but it was disappointing that the probability was very low. But I liked the warm and touching story. I think it would be okay to shorten the running time and make it less boring. The humor in the middle wasn't bad
6,Until when are you going to buy Gorokorom?
1,To be honest,
6,I'm sorry, but what's the point of this being so high?;;
1,It's not a movie that deserves such a high marks. It's so low
3,I am not good enough to be moved and I am not sure about the fun, and I was bored overall.
1,I guess he really has his own taste.I fell asleep while watching it in the theater. I forgot about it, but recently I looked it up and found out that the rating was high, so I thought it was because I was tired, so I watched it again, but I fell asleep again.
6,Romance with a woman with amnesia, a sloppy ending that fails to come up with an acceptable solution to it.
6,It's very childish A movie with Drew Marymore's smile
1,I was supposed to watch this movie and watch Six Sense. ㅠㅠ Bung-no is filling up
2,You can think of it as Adam Sandler's gag added to the eraser in my head
2,The lame jokes in romantic movies can be rather poisonous
6,It was a bit comical, but...
6,If you want to laugh endlessly!
2,I think the rating is too high...I feel like I've been tricked by my GPA.
6,Isn't it the funniest and loveliest movie about short-term memory loss?
1,It's fun, but honestly, it's not a movie with 9 points
1,What 10 points is this? Really? I thought it was really boring the whole time I was watching this...
1,Why is it 9 points each?
1,Only the people who enjoyed the movie get a high score is so high
4,Why can't I get into it? There is a lack of production in the movie that leads the story.
6,a lame joke
6,It's okay, but the rating is too high
4,It's a movie that's good at first, but it's a disaster
6,Well, I don't know
1,A movie with a six-sense spoiler
6,Overall, it is an extremely obvious love story, but the directing is great with a pleasant romance.
1,It's worth watching, but the rating is too high. Don't add awkward comedy. Just go with melodrama
6,It's nice to look at lightly.
2,You can think of it as Adam Sandler's gag added to the eraser in my head
4,It's not that bad
6,Of all the stupid Sandler movies, I like the OST
2,This is not a point. It's 11 points.
5,Sam Wise Gamji
1,I was a bit touched and I got a higher score than average.I'm not saying it's boring!
6,Adam Sandler's comical performance sublimated even the romance movie into emotion Please enjoy it
6,It's okay... because I love you...
5,Why I didn't really like it...;; Boring...
1,I usually give you 10 points, but a movie with 8 points. It's just so-so okay.
6,His Adam Sandler's message makes me think about what love might have been.
2,Oh my god. This movie has a rating of 9... Starting from this movie, I got sick of romantic comedy
1,It's not...
1,I like romantic comedy, but I can't relate to it. The last scene is memorable!
1,The score is too generous
1,I'm doomed. I found out the twist of Six Sense.--ㅡㅡ
6,There are quite a few funny scenes from time to time.It's just a romantic comedy.It's a shame that it ended out of the blue
2,It's not that high
5,Pretty and nice romantic fantasy
5,It was interesting to begin with, but...
5,The material was a little fresh, but the clichés and humor... I'm not interested any more. The last one is...
6,a typical comic melodrama It's okay to watch without thinking
1,Why is the rating so high?^^LOLI really don't like it...
1,I think 9 points is too much
1,It's a ridiculous. So unrealistic
1,NAVER rating is unbelievable and extremely subjective.
6,a moving movie
5,The love that the public wants.
6,A simple happy ending.
1,Isn't this not a good grade?
4,It's not this bad
6,I don't understand why the ratings are so high
6,Every day is a hell of a day. That's a story of boredom!
5,Adam Sandler looked good, but...The story setting itself is a disaster that I don't want to imagine.
6,It didn't hit me that hard. What the heck
3,compared to the original, it is not interesting...
5,It's boring...But I think it's touching
1,Ironically. Laughing like a lot. And the material is unique and it's a masterpiece!
5,I watched a 6-7 melodramatic movie. I'll watch it again
5,I watched it after the rating.Is it because I'm looking forward to it too much?;;
6,Did I expect too much? It's just a normal movie.crying
5,It was the most boring romantic comedy movie I've ever seen
5,The material is not bad, but it'
4,I hate Drew Barrymore
2,I saw it on TV one day and it was very boring.get a bad rating
1,Lower your rating. It's not a movie with 9 points.
1, well
6,The OST was good Wooden It B!
5,Why is my horoscope so high?
4,I just enjoyed watching it.
1,ㅜㅜ It's not good
6,Her man, who remembers only one day in a car accident, falls in love at first sight and tries to let her know he loves hermarriage
1,You have to kiss me 100 times.
1,Not this one
2,Cheap food that has lost its overall flavor by seasoning the psychological fundamentals of men and women.
6,It was fun, but why is the rating so high?
6,It was just fine.
6,It just looked like a movie.
1,It's a movie that doesn't really fit my emotions. It's a jokeI'moment--
4,I can't really relate to it.
4,No way... This movie...
1,The average fishing... The movie... The disease
3,Day in and day out of a sitcom in the likeness of a movie.
6,Why is this in the 9 point range?--;;ㅡㅡ;;
2,It's fun, but why are you...
6,It's just a movie that flows like that.I don't feel that much
6,A review that follows the formula of a cliche romantic comedy
5,It's a movie that'll be made in the past and in the future
6,Women have high ratingsYou'll be disappointed by the boring movie
6,Why didn't I feel much?
1,It was fun, but the rating was too high.
6,The great meeting between the two actors after Wedding Singer is satisfactory enough
1,It's like a six-point movie.The rating is too high.
6,a good movie to watch lightlyThe development is a little slow.But it's cool.
1,9.09 points? That's not right
6,It was fun. Adam Sandler was good, but the rating of 9.07 was a bit too much
6,Great movie, but I think I'm a little short of emotion to enjoy it
1,I can't believe this has such a high rating.Unbelievable.
3,Aside from the ridiculous setting, it's boring but touching all the time
6,It's just a movie without Drew
4,.....boring
5,I don't really...
6,Everyone says it's fun.Why did I get bored?;;
6,It's fun, but it doesn't seem like much of a regular romantic movie.
6,The movie shone with attractive actors. a refreshing romantic comedy
5,The unrealistic setting of the story is a bit awkward.
6,It was just a movie
5,It was a funny movie with a beautiful background, but nothing left
3,It's a movie that feels like it doesn't fit the emotions.
1,...Honestly, the person who watched the drama a lot is too obvious, so only the score is high
6,I hope someone like Henry exists in real life
2,I don't know. I wasn't...Adam Sandler's acting is boring.That's a great complimentally.
6,The decisive scene of this movie...A portrait of Henry by Lucy at the end.His face was like an egg
6,It's fun... It's just worth watching
5,A sad and happy romance! A movie you watch with your heart! We love romance
6,I think that it shines more because of Adam Sendler's comedy
4,I want to watch a movie
2,I was intrigued at first.I couldn't keep it to the end
3,It's so fun and a pretty movie
4,It's not only fun, but it's a fun movie.
6,How many years ago was the connection between a gay and a muscular man... American humor is to Koreans..
6,a movie that is a waste of money to watch in theaters
5,You were touched...
4,It's a romantic comedy that's touching and fun.I strongly recommend it!
6,It's worth seeing.
5,A movie that makes supporting actors laugh
6,It's just worth watching^^
5,It was worth watching. I'm shocked that Drew's brother is the spring of the ring!
4,It's a shame that a woman's memory is a videotape, but a man like that...^^
4,A typical romantic comedy movie that makes you laugh, move, and believe in love
1,Stop it. I'm done
