로미오와 줄리엣
6,It's a thriller movie. It's a movie that sends Romeo and Juliet to the next world by the strict scheme of the church's priest psycho. He's a real killer.
5,Ninety percent of the aesthetic value achieved through filmmaking is Olivia Hussey's beauty.
6,Only the immortal Olivia Hussey remains
5,The ending is so sad...
1,Juliet is very pretty, but it's not balanced with Romeo
1,a very pretty theatrical performance
6,Put water in the water and float Olivia Hussey on top of course
1,Just remember the immortal song, what is a youth.
1,I mean, a man and a woman who have not seen each other for less than a day are getting married, and Romeo is Rosaline?You said you liked her, but you fell in love with Juliet because she was pretty.It's totally whatever
1,The original was so bad Oh
6,Beautiful Olivia Hussey.
1,If you look at it now, the main characters of the story are like idiots; if they were good at judging the situation, they wouldn't die, but these days, they're like third-rate novels that force tears out of pain. It's unrealistic. Of course, the movie itself is well-made and it's soft
1,Kim Bosung and Juliet... an ungrateful woman
1,아름답지만 과장된 이야기와 상황... 너무 오래된...
1,I'd rather watch a BBC play, the only box office hit starring bluffing
6,I don't usually adjust the rating, but this is just... Except for HOTSE
6,I think six to seven is just right.
5,It's touching, but the movie itself has nothing to stand out except for Horset.
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
5,A movie that felt more plain, perhaps because of the times.
6,In the memory of only Italian traditional clothing, where men's important parts stand out.-ㅡ
1,Olivia Hussey is pretty, but the movie story isn't that great.
6,Olivia Horset is so beautifulBut your acting skills...
2,Just a simple classic.If you look at it now, it's an ordinary masterpiece.The actress's beauty was the best of her time.
2,Glittering Star Horset and a 400-year-old old story, what do you think it's a masterpiece?
3,You can't last two hours just by looking at the crazy old drama, Horset.
6,Olivia Hussey looks like a Han Chinese. Honestly, it's not fun
6,I didn't feel very interested.
6,But it's worth seeing
6,Olivia Hussey is so pretty! Oh, man.
1,I don't feel your love, and I don't know if young people are already doing that.I've been thinking about this all along.
1,Can you see it?
