크루즈 패밀리
1,Looking at the characters, there are PC bugs again
6,DreamWorks' progress, at least not to make a mess
6,My family is so burdened...
6,The cruise family that never dies
1,Wong Ta-fei, Gyeongbokgung Palace, Ngau Hau Road
1,Space Map of Drama in front of Home
1,er4ryuikhgjhghf
6,It's an animation that shows warm family love, but it feels like it's fitting because I'm trying to end it happily
1,I think elementary school students will like the material. A woman in her 20s?Honestly, is this touching?  How much is the part-time wage?
1,I don't usually say that movies are not fun, but personally, I don't think it was fun. Sorry...
6,There is a warm impression for children. It's a movie that adults and parents can watch when they take care of their families.
5,If you don't know why your score is so high, don't look forward to it
6,DreamWorks' contrived touching story
6,A movie with beautiful cinematic beauty that leaves regrets about the story
1,I came in because I remembered watching it in the old movie theater, but the rating is too high; personally, it's around 7 points. I think the score is too high, so just one point...
4,For rating... That's a good score. That was the best
1,I don't understand the rating. Not funny
6,animated animationI'm annoyed that my dad is stubborn and I force him to make sacrifices as it's only natural
3,Honestly, no matter how much I like animation... It's a bit weird. I don't feel much fun.
6,The footsteps of mankind blooming in the colorful and magnificent graphics, and the importance of family!
6,Emma Stone's voice suits you so well
6,Water, acting and other graphic techniques are the best...I hope the content will be further developed in the second part.
6,The content is normal. Computer graphics technology... That's amazing... How can you express your hair, water, and acting so delicately and realistically!
6,It's worth watching. I think the video is excellent.
6,Comic and funny, but nothing beats other animations
1,Why is No.1 Shank Escape?
6,An animation that allows all ages to learn different lessons
2,It's fun, but it's funnier than the series, the Lord of the Rings, the Godfather?
4,A combination of an incomplete 3D implementation and a plausible story
6,Based on the ratings...I feel like I should watch the movie again
6,Six points
1,I bought it and watched it, but it was so chaotic and I turned it off
5,Too common topics and stories...
1,Cruise family dvd (general edition, Blu-ray, 3d) is not coming*FYI (Internet shopping is never coming)
6,How can you get more than 9 points?
1,Oh my god
6,It seems to have been made based on the painting of Neanderthals' handprints in caves discovered 40,000 years ago and the movement of the continent.  In the interesting content, the meeting between the Sapiens presumptive and the Neanderthal presumptive family seems to be reminiscent of finding fire.
1,In a movie that is good for children, the participation rate is almost the same for teenagers to 40s, and the ratio of women is usually higher for Annie in this story, but this is half and half for men and women, so you can see that the distributor has solved all the male and female part-timers
5,The animation world is dead these days.
1,A movie like this is going to air on Cook TV soon ^^ 7,000 won is a waste of money. Why are you paying?
6,I was fooled by the score
5,Are the people who say this is funny part-time job or is it an irony? The lesson is a typical Hollywood style, and it's only as delicate as Kung Fu Panda 2.I'm kind of bored with the kids, too.
6,Fair enough children's fairy tales. However, it is a disaster to expect a debut like Shrek. There is no humor and sophistication for adults.
1,Is this fun?
1,After watching this movie, I realized again that animation should not be seen in the theater
1,So funny
1,I guess I was the only one who didn't have fun.
1,I don't want to give you stars. Get lost
4,Not really
1,Nothing special
1,It's nothing
1,He's an avatar
6,I don't like it
1,It's fun. I strongly recommend it
5,Obviousness
1,I didn't watch itLaughingering) Laughingering)
1,a rating bubble
2,The ratings were so good that I thought it would be fun.I'm flustered. I watched it as a 3D dubbingLOLIt's 3D, so it's a video that comes out sometimes, but it wasn't fun at all I was bored ㅠㅠ Maybe it was because it was dubbed, but it was far below the kung fu panda and dragon taming
1,I don't think it's funny...
1,Well, director Lee is recognized in our country, so I think he played a lot even if it was not fun.
1,I also want to adjust the score... It's not that fun. My 5th grade daughter is bored, too
1,Rating adjustment
1,It's fun, but the rating is too high compared to the movie, so I give you 1 point. It was supposed to be 8 points
1,Manipulation
1,I don't understand why this is rated high enough to make other masterpieces worse.
1,How can you get a better rating than Leon?
1,Why do you have a high rating? It's ridiculous that this is the highest rating in the movie
1,I don't want anyone to be fooled by the rating... (Actually, it's a movie with seven stars, but the rating is too high, so I purposely give you one.)It's about a kid's animation. I'm not that impressed or anything like that
1,A much better animation than I expected. I kept laughing and kept crying at the end!
4,It wasn't as fun as I thought...  The issue of this movie is to listen to my father well
5,I think it's better to watch TV on holidays or special movies. It was a waste of money if it wasn't a 3D movie in the theater
1,How is this number one?
1,It's almost like a real steal. It's ridiculous to pay 10 dollars for a movie like this, but I regret it 100 percent
1,Is this fun? OOO who are like elementary school students... >:I
1,I enjoy watching most of the American theater animations. This work was not good. But the score is so high that it doesn't seem fair, so I give you 1 point (for real fun, it's around 7 points)
6,A movie that I want to recommend to children.I think it's the first time I've seen a movie quietly, with half the kids in a packed movie theater. It's just that the kids and the teenagers were so immersed in it. Honestly, I was a little bored, but it was a pretty good animation
1,Dubbing...
5,I just wish... I looked at the netizens' ratings, but I feel like I've been tricked by my part-time job. They can't concentrate... It's not as funny as Ralph the Fist.  I think it's exactly 7 points
1,Dreamworks. I'm disappointed.
1,What is this... But Eni is first place
6,It's normal
1,It's not that bad.
1,I guess I was the only one who didn't have fun.
1,K
1,Uninteresting, uninteresting, dull and childish. I gave 2 points to the aging family because it was boring. I should give 1 point to this. Oh, my money
6,A girl who craves freedom as always. a cliche lesson
1,Comments, don't do part-time jobs.
1,ㅉ 알바 part-timers
1,Don't talk too much. It's too obvious
1,It's not fun
1,Yes, yes. Yes, yes
1,It's Annie, but she's really too racy.
6,It was a bit boring
1,I enjoyed watching it, but I don't think the rating is 9.46. I think 8.7 is good enough It's too high It's fun and cute, but as an adult, I'm just like that
1,I felt distrust of Naver rating for the first time in a long time. I think 7.5 to 8 points is appropriate... This is too much
1,I'm here to protect my lord
1,Don't work too hard
1,Guardians, the fist king Ralph is much better.  A totally childish movie. Are you kidding me? You've been tricked by the way. It's been a while since I last saw a movie that makes me log in.
1,be no fun
4,It's so obvious, the story, the forced touching...There is no tension in dangerous scenes.I saw it because the score was high, but I totally fell for it우리The adventure of Pororo in our country is much more interesting
1,You solved your part-time job. I can't believe we won first place.
1,It's not funny. It's too obvious
6,It's not a bad book, but the story is too plain
1,It's really boring.
3,I'm disappointed that the contents of the animation and the ending are similar
4,Ha... if you think about taming the dragon... don't look forward to it. It's okay to look at the beauty of the video, but I'm suddenly moved by the simple content.Embarrassing; and vaguely cute characters; below expectations in a word. I just watch old animations twiceK
1,Don't trust the score Childish for adults; sleeping out of bed, going with the 6th grade kids or parents with kids, or absolutely unrecommended
1,I dozed off...
5,Recommended for middle school students and younger
1,Laughingering) Laughingering) Please stop manipulating the ratings. You can check out the ratings for those in their 40s. Does it make sense that the evaluation rate for people in their 20s and 40s is over 25%?LOL Let's think about it.
4,Now, the American animation world seems to have only gone to the level of Guardians, or Ice Age 3. The most shocking animation I've ever seen is Guardians. It makes and kills a villain so pitifully. It's not that different, just that level. It doesn't even mean anything.
1,Nephew. My money. Your nephew is my nephew
1,Iron Man 3 is so much fun
1,To be honest, it's not in the nine-point range -- it's in the seven or eight-point range, and I give it a point because of my part-timers. Seriously, let's adjust the rating. Oh -- I'm really pissed off. I hope there are no more victims like me.
1,Why are there only part-timers here? I'm just curious.
4,Why are there so many reviews?; Let's level it up
5,I've seen her every time.
1,No rating part-time job
