아마데우스
1,I really enjoyed watching it, and I think it's a masterpiece with a solid story and a deep echo that can't be said to be 85 years old!!But I gave you a star because it was a rude and unconscionable movie that completely distorted the historical character.I saw this movie when I was in middle school, and now I know it, Salieri, who appeared in the movie, is not a character who killed Mozart because he was jealous of his qualifications because of Mozart. In fact, until six years before Mozart's death, he was close enough to write Cantata songs together, and even after Mozart's death, he spent the rest of his life comfortably composing songs in court, so this movie includes defamation and distortion of history.
1,sedfdgfgh
1,지쿠이투티
1,It's so boring and so boring
1,I watched it on TV when I was young. Wasn't it BAE HAN SUNG?
1,Too long and boring movie, I found out why Mozart's lullaby is famous
1,I'm sure it's a well-made movie, but the actual history was the opposite of yours Salieri had little reason to be jealous of Mozart and hated Mozart's OOO personality. If you look at this, it's a distortion of history distortion.
5,If you are poisoned by others, you will be infected by yourself.
1,Too flat for a master's movie. Nothing was as special as I expected. It would have been worth watching at the time of its release, but it is far from a masterpiece beyond the times. In conclusion, it's not bad, but 1 point because the rating is too high
1,Honestly, it was boring Am I weird?
6,Although the dramatic structure of the confrontation between the two was interesting.
1,I can't forgive you for drawing Mozart so shallowly.
2,Are all the best posts part-timers? I haven't even opened it yet
2,It's a endurance test K
1,A movie that doesn't suit my taste
1,It's so boring. It's kind of touching,
6,a work in which Salieri is excessively undervalued It induces viewers to think wrong about Salieri's works. a work that is considered an insult to an artist However, the movie itself was well made in terms of fiction. Therefore, I give three stars.
1,Mozart's music was good but boring
1,You're wrong
3,It's not fun. It's boring. I have to get interested in masterpieces or whatever, but I almost fell asleep because I was bored. And the absurd and excessive splendor of the time was so frightening. Some clouds are floating around.
5,I think it's all right
3,It was a bit boring and Mozart's character was not attractive
1,I saw it in music class. I watched them all as they slept. The story of Salieli, who has a high sense of inferiority.
2,It's the best movie, but it's rated high
6,It's very boring...Am I the only one who felt that way?
1,It's a masterpiece, but the ratings are too high
1,NAVER was the heaven of part-time jobs
6,I didn't know because I watched it when I was too young, and I watched it again through music. Even now, I only remember music
6,Well, maybe it's mob mentality.
6,I don't know if it's fun
6,There is no creation, only an ideological reproduction.
1,What is this?
1,not much
1,I don't like it
1,It's a good movie. I want to give you 9 points, but others gave me too high.
1,Just.
1,I'm really sleepy
1,Oh, it was really boring.
4,Boring movie. Plain movie with no fun and no emotion
6,It's lower than I expected... It's such an obvious genius story, and I didn't feel much emotion.
3,It wasn't that funny.
6,a movie that musicians will like
4,It seems to have distorted Mozart the most.
1,Don't look
1,What? Is this the highest score? Avatar is the truth
6,A movie that's worth watching...
1,I don't recommend it
6,Raise your hand if you watched it because you wanted to play it during school music class!
1,It's so much fun that I skip 157 minutes. 59 seconds is staring
5,At first, I was interested.But isn't it all so boring?
1,It's called a genius to scratch the head of a bean sprout, and the boring story of a jerk who envies it.
1,It's so boring
2,Flying over the cuckoo column.Salier? I just stopped her from spoiling
6,I was a little tired of it
1,Erotic
4,The sadness of putting the best ingredients into instant ramen.
6,Psychological description, character description, story is clumsy and boring.Mozart's music was good
2,It's not fun. It's a sleeping pill if you don't want to see music majors
5,It's not a true story. It's a guess. Is this all you can make with Mozart?I don't feel anything
6,Why is Western music so unattractive...
6,A movie that only remembers Mozart's laughter
6,You can get a glimpse of Mozart's life, but... boring
2,Mozart was killed by Freemasons... The end is a lie!
6,It's not bad, but it's not enough to give a perfect score
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,The moment a yawn turned into sleep, the movie was over
1,1 point for dozing off
1,A movie that is expected to be in the future;
1,Honestly, it's boring
1,I'm sick of it
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,I don't think it's a movie that doesn't need words.
6,LOL This is Mozart's wife, Chestk. (Shaking)
1,It's really not funny or touching
2,How uncomfortable and unpleasant you felt while watching the movie
1,In the last scene, Volpi's laughter is chillingly lodged in my mind
1,That's not fun.
6,Honestly, it's kind of boring because it's far from classical music
3,It's my first time writing. Are you kidding me?I'm not a part-timer, I'm not even Amadeus, but I'
5,The movie that I watched in music class...I'm not inferior to the movies I've seen lately, but the best...
5,i.- I really wanted to watch it.But I didn't know my standards would drop like this
5,It wasn't good
1,I watch almost everything at school, but I slept from the beginning
1,This isn't a movie or a musical
1,Everything changes!!
1,It's a war.
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,I don't think it's an immortal masterpiece.
5,Was I weird? All I remember is Mozart who is crazy.
1,Not really. A movie that's way below the mark
2,exaggeration admiration that is indispensable to the life story of a geniusAll that remains is achievement.
1,It's not that...
1,Am I from another planet?It wasn't fun.
5,Strangely, this movie was not good
1,be of little importance
2,Just kidding
1,I tried to buy a DVD, but I couldn't, so I got 1 point
5,It wasn't as good as I expected
5,Maybe because I saw it at school, I'm not that impressed. I wonder why the ratings are so high.
6,The music was great.
6,It's not fun. It's boring and the song is cool
1,It's hard. So I don't like it
6,How American is Mozart?Big disappointment, movie is light
1,The Best Reggie Movie
6,Just... interest in Mozart's death... This much?
3,The first movie I slept in the theater
3,Did I have high expectations? I was sleepy. I thought I was going to die.
1,After Mozart became a trash, the content was boring.Abandoned genius...
1,As expected, it's a first-class movie. Grade 1 ^^
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
6,Mozart is pretty. And it's boring.
1,A movie that you want to set the screen on fire if you watched it at a theater!
1,It's a pretty good movie.
1,It was boring...;;; Ah, it was boring.
1,That's too much of a bubble
1,This is
1,Monsters are the best. Movies like this
1,Is it too much for an elementary student to see...It's so hard...
1,This is the top 100 movie
1,I was shocked when I was young
6,The movie that I watched in middle school music class, I think it was not good at that time.
6,a movie that has become too famous for a movie
1,It's so much fun. Terminator 2 is more fun lol
3,It's not really funny to say. What's the interesting point of being funny?
1,The rating is too high.
1,It's just a comedy
1,I don't really...
1,Honestly, it wasn't that fun
1,I didn't finish it, but I enjoyed it
1,There's someone who's cutting down on other movies to make this movie number one.
1,so, that
1,Compared to an immortal lover?
1,a boring movie
1,below expectations
1,It's not that...
6,Somehow
1,I may be in all-time trouble, but I'm not good enough for Rank 1.
2,I'm bored
6,It shouldn't be number one and it's not worth it.
4,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,Sleeping pill
4,It's not funny
2,I dozed off, Jisong
1,I'm Beethoven's dad
1,An artist's life story...
1,I don't know
1,Boring
1,It was boring. Salieri is an amazing person.
1,How can I see that?
1,How can I see it? It's not working?
