여인의 향기
6,I can understand it with my head, but I can't understand it with my chest It's because I'm still in my 20s. It's a movie that makes me wonder what it feels like when I'm in my 30s and 40s
4,It was so painful to watch the retired officer who bullied people around him until the end without any reflection even though he was in that situation due to his fault. Nevertheless, shouldn't you not ask a child why you should live, but find yourself?
6,The second half is not fun...It's like a dragonfly
6,실수를 하면, 엉키면, 그냥 계속 탱고 하세요.
5,I watched it patiently because of the rating, but it's so boring until the end. I can't relate to the details of the school. It's just that Alpacino's acting is awesome, and there's nothing left but a movie
1,ㄹIt's not fun at all
2,A girl with anger management disorder, a group dance bird that reveals ^^ The man who praises this movie with Joker, please skip it
4,Trying to pretend to be hyperrealism, but there's a little bit of nonsense. The overall pace is too slow. Trying to relate the school story to Colonel Slate's life story is too much. Lastly, I don't know if this really contains the contemplation of life. Wouldn't it be if I was a person in a similar situation. I think it's a movie that people who like difficult things (or pretend to be) watch...
1,Lotus root, Nuny side agreed to gather together to make a human being.
1,High Court Hotel for Jewish Employers
1,uyiuyityuit
1,be boring and boring
6,Alpacino's acting was impressive, but the story itself was not good enough to fill two and a half hours, but rather boring.
1,Hygiene and Prevention of Industrial Injuries
1,I don't know what the movie wants to say. I don't know why Al Pacino is considered a hero to protect his friend who did something wrong by making fun of him. I can only think of them as people who criticize them as secret agents when they file internal charges. This is the first time that a movie is so popular as a masterpiece.
1,I really didn't like it. What kind of old-fashioned...I looked forward to the review All I could think about was wasting my time watching the movie. The colonel was squeamish and Charlie was dying of frustration. I don't want to understand why this is a masterpiece, even though I like movies. eccentric and unpleasant
1,You're not my type. I'm sleepy
5,coarse language and boorish behavior Frowning pranks and ridiculous balloon design. And things that shouldn't be done.
6,I will memorize the soap name from today.De Bong Amore Saffron Oy soap... Um... And...
1,be boring and loud and talkative
6,I don't know what this means. It was boring, but the last ten minutes were good I loved the feeling that people heal with people
6,Alpha Ccino's tango dance scene is one of the best scenes
1,Long running time is boring and boring
4,Is the story of going to a top-of-the-line hotel and preparing for a night with OO so touching? It was a movie that I couldn't relate to
6,Do not impose arbitrary justice
1,I was bored. Am I the only one who is weird?
5,I know it's a good movie, but it's boring and I don't really relate to the message in the movie
1,I don't know why it's called a masterpiece. All you'll see is the tango scene. I was uncomfortable watching the movie because I was watching the movie. And I understand the principal's mind to punish students who have tarnished his reputation, but I simply don't understand how to glorify and force him to defy it
2,It's more like a play than a movie
1,Time went by, and it's just a little...
1,Watching this movie for over 150 minutes is a waste of time in my life, a movie that reminds me of the importance of time. Al Pacino is the main character, so there are people who mistake it for something philosophical, but it's just a boring movie
1,I don't want to hear the story of a blind man who reveals so much about a woman
1,It's just... It's okay
6,The tango scene is really beautiful
6,This is the only movie that was tricked by the title. I'm gonna have to put a lot of emphasis on the drama and comedy elements in the front of the title, damn it, where's the comedy?ㅠㅠ Two and a half hours... Damn... I can't believe I spent two and a half hours like this. ㅠㅠ
6,It's just a time-consuming movie
1,I want to give you 8 points because of the overwhelming performance of Alpacino, but it's a masterpiece that's 9.31 or a movie that's nothing but Alpacino. The development part is also very unlikely. If you think it's a ridiculous production when you drive a Ferrari, cover your eyes and drive
1,I think I enjoyed watching it when I was in high school, but now hmm.
4,Why am I so bored?
2,It's a movie that I didn't enjoy watching...
6,Be the hero of the struggle.
5,so, that
4,To be honest, it's not that funny. The story in the movie isn't that deep either
5,I thought it was a beautiful romance between a veteran and a young woman, but if it wasn't, I'd be disappointed
6,The second time I've seen it, it's Alpacino who's yelling at me. crying
6,I don't like people like the old man played by Alpacino. It's uncomfortable... So the movie was not fun either
5,"Scent of a Woman". I feel like I was tricked by the title of the movie.^^*
1,I don't like the alpacino dance. I don't recommend it
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,It's not a one-point movie, but to lower it...Alpacino acting is not that...a voluntary performance for acting
6,A movie that doesn't suit my taste
6,It's not funny
3,It's boring, but why is the rating so high? -ㅅ-
6,It's not funny
6,Al Pacino and Chris O'Donnell, who are over-reacting and not convincing
1,It's a very old movie to watch now
1,a film depicting the travesty of a blind man
6,It was touching, but honestly, except for Alpacino's acting, it was normal
1,It's very boring to watch now
6,The actors' acting was good, but... There was no stopping the boredom.
1,All of them are masterpieces?
6,a compilation of the most alpacino-like acting
6,I spent 3 hours on the evaluation, and it wasn't as clever as the score
3,Soap scent expert who spent money like water in New York
1,Well, blind acting was excellent. But there was no merit in comparison to fame
1,Well, blind acting was excellent. But there was no merit in comparison to fame.
6,Except for Alpacino's amazing acting and his famous tango scene... Well
1,Well, the blind man acting was excellent. But there was no merit in comparison to the reputation
6,Live a courageous life of faith.
6,It's just like that. If you look at the comments, it seems like a flock of locusts that are gathering without any subjection
1,Boredom
2,There's a sense of boredom... I'm not impressed
3,It was fun enough. But it's a predictable There was something missing throughout the show.
6,You have to focus and watch this. If you watch it in the evening, you'll fall asleep in the middle
1,In summary, you're going to be expelled because of what you've witnessed, and you're going to end up with the expulsion.
1,I only liked the moment I saw Gabriel Enwar. The rest is honestly boring... I can only say that it's a rating game
3,Should I watch all the boring developments to feel the emotion of the second half?
6,Why on earth is this Younghoah funny?It's boring and boring
1,All that's worth watching is Alpacino's acting. Martin Brest is also the worst.
1,A movie that was boring to me
6,His acting skills in the beginning are really alpha-cino! The last one is ridiculous.
1,It wasn't fun
1,One point
1,childishness
5,Al Pacino is blind, so I can't see the scenario.
1,I hate officers so much.The main character doesn't understand the movie.And I was forced to...The worst ^^
1,Boring in a word.What's the rating of 10 stars?Stories! Trying to be clumsy and touching!What a waste of time
5,I didn't know my taste was so wrong. Maybe it's because I couldn't concentrate.Why was I so bored?
1,90's childish style... No reality, no malt, no empathy, only long.
1,It's really not funny
1,Boredom;
1,I couldn't get rid of the boredom
1,I'll finish it quickly, thinking about boring moviegoers
1,I'm bored...
6,I was bored until mid-to-late, but it became interesting after the suicide scene of Alpha Cino
1,the worst of the worst
1,The worst movie in my life
6,Be easy.
6,A movie that has faded as much as 15 years
1,What a bum! Only the alpacino smoke stops. It's the height of boredom in the movie. the real thing
5,The scent of alpacino...
1,See you
1,Optimus Prime
1,A movie that wasn't good for me
1,My name is Optimer Prime
5,Why the title is "Scent of a Woman";; The Daily Escape of the Blind"; I give you 5 points.
4,The director is stubborn and powerful.Alpacino is a meat in water +4.
6,The acting was good, but the movie left a bit of a bittersweet
1,Hello. I'm from the rating committee
1,To trust the NAVER movie score...
1,It's a really good movie, but...The rating is too high...
1,death from overwork
1,Sorry, I didn't watch it.
1,I think it's about 8 points, but to adjust the score,
1,the trick of Makgal
1,Alpacino's acting is good
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
6,I was really looking forward to it, but it was more boring than I thought
6,Off-the-shelf products that faithfully follow the law
6,I think it's a good movie
1,I must have loved her. She couldn't erase it. Even when I think of the hard times,
5,Because of Alpacino's acting, I put it up from two to five
1,Oh, it was really boring. I'm not touched.
1,I was just bored. It doesn't really hit me.
1,Alpacino --
1,It smells bad because the director's name is Martin
1,The blind grandfather is a fool.lol
1,How could a blind man do that?
1,You're the only one who's upset.ㅉㅉ
1,I fell asleep while watching this
1,안 돼~
1,Let's take out the rating bubble.
1,I was looking forward to it, but I was disappointed
4,A movie that purifies the right emotions starting with Alpacino and ending with Alpacino
2,I trusted the rating and saw a dog!
1,I hate contrived movies
1,Boring movie... I've been yawning all the time
1,boring, dull, tedious, wearisome
1,Except for alpacino, I don't like it
6,Maybe it's because I watched it from time to time at school. I don't know what to say T
1,Honestly, it wasn't that fun
1,a moving film
1,the worst
1,I cried
1,Boredom ruined such a good movie
1,It's not funny
1,The score is too high
6,It was a little boring, I can only remember the last scene of my speech
1,the stench of a woman -_-
1,It's too high, so I'll give you 1 point. It's not fun if you look forward to it
1,It's like... a strange feeling
5,ee
1,ill-intention
1,Flow
6,You're the director of Gangster Lover
1,I don't like romance. Let's watch a drama
1,Totally rubbish Jenny Juno is much better.a rush of irritation
4,Whoo!
5,I'm going to watch it!
