미이라
2,There was nothing memorable except that I watched it because the material was fresh when I was in the army before, but it was on Netflix, so I watched it again... Hmm? Is this really fun? The female protagonist doesn't seem very pretty, and above all, the movie itself is boring and boring. (FYI, it's not Tom Cruise Mummy
2,The rating is so weird. I'm so bored. My breathing is so slow. However, Rachel is pretty and cute.I'm so sick of everything else
6,an entertainment film that is very faithful to the sights
5,The main characters are destroying an important historical site. Turning the Egyptians into savage natives.
1,American Farmers, Herdsmen, Men and Women Mano
1,Rick You; Nunes and Family Excitement
5,You can enjoy it comfortably, but there's nothing outstanding about it
1,I think 9.2 is kind of a high rating.In terms of balance, I want to give 1 point and 6 points
5,Rachel Wise, I'm going to look at the past. I'm sorry. I fell asleep
2,A film that grabs archaeologists by the neck. You robbers do everything you say not to answer. I liked it when I was young. Now that I see it, I'm so mad
1,It's not a movie that will give you 1 point, but the average is too high...There are many unnatural scenes such as shooting scenes in the beginning, people who have been protecting them for 3,000 years, and the behavior of the mummy that woke them up. The heroine was pretty and the process before the mummy woke up was fun. And honestly, I think Mummy is the most pitiful.
5,Indiana Jones's Late 99th Century Edition.
6,Even if I look at it again, it's still the rating. 6
5,It's dark at firstlol
6,It was a fascinating masterpiece for an entertainment film
1,I really don't think the score is 9... Time is a waste
1,The rating needs to be adjusted. The movie seems to have borrowed ideas from Terminator, Indiana Jones, and the dark, red screen looks ugly all the time.
6,I can't deny the fun of riding a roller coaster
5,It's not fun, honestly... Too obvious.
6,I don't think it's well-made because there's a lack of negativity
3,Downgraded version of Indiana Jones in every way but actress beauty
6,I got to know Rachel Weiss. The content was interesting at the time. An adventure movie that you can enjoy with pleasure. IMOTE and Anaksu-Na-Mun's
1,어떻게 How can you be scared of cats? That's unreasonable
1,I didn't have to get this much grade...
5,Dermi. It's a little boring.
6,I don't know about fear, but it's too thrilling to be calm.
1,There's jam
4,When I was young, I was scared and enjoyed watching it. It's been so quiet now that I've only been bitter.
5,basic entertainment
6,A movie like a toy that I used to play with when I was young
6,When I was young, I was scared to death.
6,Well, it's like that
6,Hollywood action adventures take place without any eye trouble.
4,The CG was okay...
1,a film stuck at the level of Indiana Jones's sublime
5,Emodepp. Emodepp was so annoying
1,This average rating is ridiculous.
1,Oh, that's not funny.
6,It was good to kill time!
1,Acting is a total disappointment. To be honest, 10 points is too much.
6,Indiana Jones's sublime work to watch
1,Let's get rid of the foam
1,It's not fun at all. It's like an elementary school student.a movie that lacks acting ability and is emotionally immersed in it
6,I got motion sickness while watching this in the car.--;;ㅡㅡ;;
3,What kind of underdeveloped country made this movie? the quality of a Hollywood movie
6,The rating is too high. I was surprised to see the overall ranking. I just watched it once and it's a dope movie
1,The rating is too high
1,an eight-point blockbuster
4,It's like a zombie for kids. It's a great movie for Egyptians in the time.
5,It's fun... However, there is no story.
3,We've already seen it all in Indiana Jones. Besides, it was worse than that.
5,Only half of the score
5,Artistry 4 Entertainment 8 Satisfaction 4
6,For killing time
2,The real disaster is not a mummy, but a movie itself
6,When I am bored
3,It's a pathetic movie with no tension-free movie! NAVER's rating is too high.
6,It was fun, but it was kind of boring
2,an ostentatious dish laden with orientalism
6,CG and screenplay are enough! You want to say that, don't you?
5,It's not fun
6,the few blockbusters in one's house
6,It's a successful story based on that common mummy
1,an imperialistic view throughout the film be unpleasant to look at
6,When you're bored, except for the quality of your work.By the way, who gives 10 points?
1,I'm a fan of this movie It's so much fun. I really want to travel like this
1,Why did I make it?
6,It's perfect to watch it with a friend to kill time
