세상에서 가장 아름다운 이별
5,During the first hour, the characters were all nervous, so it was very difficult to hold out. The characters felt the same way, but unfortunately, they didn't shed a tear.
1,It's just a movie that makes you want to make juice.
1,It's the first time I swear with both hands while watching a movie - you bad guys - get punished by heaven except Seo Young-hee - especially Kim Gap-soo - your mom should take care of you - oh so annoying
2,The only sad thing about my mother's death is that she's not that interested in trash except dementia and grandmother, and she lives with her, and she hasn't changed since she found out that she doesn't change easily
1,A typical Korean movie...;;; Because you've been living in a state of neglect and getting sick?
5,Literally the most beautiful farewell in the world. I wish I could die like this. It's a problem because it's a problem
1,
4,It's just like a movie that makes you cry.Kim Gapsoo is good at acting
1,I don't know where the tears are coming from.I'm just getting angry
1,The most annoying parting actors in the world who portray victims in the patriarchal system as a new school are truly angry watching them act well
1,Oh, you made a movie out of nowhere. Not a drop of tears, just irritating all over.
1,What the hell is a beautiful breakup... It's a story about living through hardships caused by things you don't even want to call your family and getting sick and dying. It was disgusting to see them regretting that they were going to go through a lot of trouble
1,A typical Korean movie with a tear-jerking ending that emphasizes sacrifices under the patriarchal regime
1,I was frustrated while watching it. I'm angry ㅠㅠ
3,The intention to make the audience very sad was so obvious that I couldn't get close. There were several movies that I watched while crying out loud.
1,Urological cattle germination simulation farmer
1,It's a waste of time. It's a waste of time because it's a waste of time
1,Beijing Airlines Authority Science and Technology Park opens
1,I read a novel and watched a movie, but I couldn't express 1% of the sadness of the novel.
1,It's really bad. It's really bad
1,Human Sports Day APEC for Talese
1,A movie where actors' passionate acting is a waste
1,Shintoism and deterrence are rampant, and the characters are inconsistent
1,a sad movie
1,The original drama was made out of trash.
2,Democracy of emotional movies
2,ㄴIt's not fun. Is this a movie? I don't like everything
6,It is typical, but sad cannot be denied.
2,I can't believe that you did a movie full of hate culture on TV again
1,I don't understand why the rating is high;;;
1,Repeated sexual ad-libs and eating food thrown on the floor of the master bedroom, but eating food waste thrown on the side of the road. An affair, a murder...
6,I don't think the main character would have had cancer if it weren't for his family.
1,It's the least interesting drama in the world. Na Moon-hee's appearance is the best. It's the best drama for me with insomnia
1,If it's too obvious and chaotic, I think it's a movie with 7 points
1,I watched it because the reaction around me was good, but the story was too obvious and violent, so I was disappointed. Of course, it may not fit me, but I think the rating was too high compared to the movie.
5,I cried my eyes out after watching the movie "My Mother," but I only yawned after watching this movie. A third-rate movie that brings out all the bad situations and brings out the forced emotion
1,This movie is comfortable for just 30 minutes. It would have been more touching if only my mom came out. I was going to use it when I participated in the competition, but I don't think I'd feel comfortable even if I won an award for this movie.
5,Your wife is sick, but your mom leaves it to her sick wife, and you can't take care of her mother with dementia, so you can't lock her up and nail the door After my wife died, my daughter told me that she was not good at cooking, and she blamed me.The movie!
6,It is sad to be sad, but I got bored after meeting Shinpa for less than 2 hours of running time
5,I've been squeezing all the time, and I've missed a big one.
2,I watched it because I thought it was sad, but honestly, it felt empty Hah!
6,There are so many new scenes. I'm touched by just a few scenes
6,This movie is a good movie.
1,Well, I don't think it suits me.
4,The story was really sad and tearful. Should family members be so unanswered? It was uncomfortable the whole time I saw it
2,The tears that came out of the sudden direction and the character setting go in
6,There were some sad scenes of the typical Korean-style Shinpa, but the lines for squeezing make it less concentrated
1,Just don't watch weird movies that are boring, boring, no content, no fun
1,I can't cry at all because of the new drama I hear as if it's about someone else
1,You're forcing me to cry, but it's a sight
6,It's an obvious lesson to be nice when you'really
3,None of the works titled 'The Most in the World' is worth seeing.
1,I'm sorry. The drama in 1996 was so touching that the 2011 movie is not good. I watched all four episodes of this drama with tears in my eyes, but she's good at squeezing out the movie. As expected, Na Moonhee is the best
1,I don't know why this is in the 9-point range. It's sad, but... It's sad but it doesn't seem to have a high rating.
1,It's a drama that anyone can write.  Nothing special about movies
1,an obvious and tiresome specimen of a Korean-style sad movie
1,I couldn't cry the whole time even though it was obvious that it was a sad movie  Because I'm not sensitive? Because you can't relate?No, not at all. It's a movie that tries to make you cry, so it's like a joke that tries to make you laugh
1,The whole time I watch a grim and angry movie -- why is it 9 points? Do you think I look familiar when I enjoy watching movies like this?  A movie that I felt uncomfortable the whole time I watched it.
5,an open-ended method of sewage
6,If you cut off the side branches and pulled out the tears.
5,It wasn't touching at all.  It was so obvious that you forced yourself to cry
1,I was not sad at all because the male protagonists were all male supremacists, but it was so uncomfortable. The director must be a man. If the background is in the 1970s, the perception of gender discrimination is not developed yet, so I wonder, but the background of modern times...
1,6.5 is reasonable.. The actors' acting skills are amazing, but the cliche... A typical new school.
5,It's sad, but... I was frustrated when I saw my grandmother
6,The code of emotion or sadness shown in the movie was rat poison to me.
5,The best movie in the world.
2,It's not fun. It's not sad But why does Bae Jong-ok keep coming to people without contacting me?The movie that makes me annoyed all the time
1,To be honest, it's so obvious.
6,Honestly... I couldn't cry... These days, when I'm in a bad mood, I want to cry a lot, but I can't cry. I was so out of my mind and I was just... It was just predictable. But the actors' acting was really amazing. It was a masterpiece of acting.
6,A beautiful breakup? Although it's a tearful breakup, it's not a beautiful breakup.
2,I just didn't feel anything There was no touching sadness. Of course, it wasn't fun I just blanked out
1,Joo Hyun, Na Moon Hee, Maeng Sang Moon, and I watched the drama. I don't know why they made it into a movie. It was the same as the drama and the acting was good in the drama
1,I can't stand Chunhyang's oily skinWhat is this movie?
4,It's not sad, it's sad, it's sad, it's sad, it's sad, it's sad...
1,The rating is too low
2,Worst movie ever. Just squeeze and squeeze and end. There's nothing. Without any characteristics, I just feel like I'm telling the audience to keep crying here and cry in this scene. A movie that tells you to cry out loud and clear. I was flustered because I wasn't sad at all.
5,The story was good, but the emotional development of the movie was a little fast, so it's just heartbreaking and I don't cry much;;
1,Worst movie ever. It's not really crying, it's a movie that squeezes tears
3,I was looking forward to it, but I was annoyed by the over-setting, forced emotion. He's squeezing out tears
6,A sad remake that misses Na Moonhee
1,There's a lot more sad things in reality than this movie.I can't be touched by such an obvious story.
1,I know what the screenwriter meant, but...The settings are too much...A new drama...
1,I didn't see it, but it's obvious.
6,Video, music, content that makes obvious and sad, or contrived composition that is intended to be too sad, hinders the natural flow of emotions, the overall rating is too high, deliberately low
5,I'm so tired of going there to feel touched.
3,It wasn't good
1,not much
4,A typical kimchi drama to squeeze out tears
1,What is it?
5,She did cry...My grandmother's arm is too much. And my grandmother is too short be inferior to the IQ of the first grade in elementary school
4,The cliché... The character Bae Jongok who is frustrated that I've already seen a lot through dramas and movies... No more movies like this--
1,I didn't see it, but I adjusted the score
1,Why is this first place? LOL
1,I don't think this is right. Honestly, it's not funny. NAVER is being manipulated a lot
1,NAVER manipulation is certain. I don't know why this is number one
1,I didn't see it, but I adjusted the rating
1,It's a good movie, but the rating doesn't make sense, so I'll adjust it. Personally, it's about 7 points
1,At least watch the movie and give it a rating -- does it make sense to read the mock test paper and give it 10 stars? It doesn't make sense that it's stepped on the Leon, Shawshank Escape and Godfather series and climbed to number one.
1,There are a lot of people who come here to get 10 points for the mock test. You have to give it to him regardless of that. Rating adjustment
1,That's too much.
1,It doesn't make sense that such a movie topped the list, beating Godfather, Terminator 2. Rating adjustment
1,Koreans give 10 points when they cry. Stop making such forceful movies Don't raise the score too much
1,I'm disappointed when my mom tries to kill my grandmother
6,The drama with Na Moon-hee and Joohyun is much better.It's the director's problem that the actors didn't cry even though they did this much.
6,He's good when he's around. I should go first
1,too popular
1,It's exactly 6 points for professionals
1,The movie rating of 7 is appropriate. It's No. 1 on NAVER. I don't think so
1,It's so obvious. It's not fun. It's crazy that it's on a mock test.It would be better to study it in time to watch it.I can only see it as a mess.
1,the death of one's mother
1,I'm a sentimental man
6,I watched it again because it was an issue once before, but it's not a big deal. It's all predictable. It's obvious.
1,I just watched it and it's like a "common emotional movie" for bourgeoisie who live easily in the world. For people who have a hard and hard life, this kind of movie is just a new drama My life alone is overwhelming, and my life is a movie. What kind of movie do I need?
5,To be honest, it only seems to be a Korean traditional dramatic story that is forced to stimulate the tear glands. It's not just tears, it's just a silly laugh to try to force sadness; it's just a movie for high school girls who like dramas.
1,LOL The funny thing is that it came out on EBS and now that it's a mock test, you guys
1,Don't make a grade. Go study, man
5,I wanted my mom to be pretty while reading her fingerprint, but I got 5 points because it's ㄹ
6,Since you got 2 right, 6 points
1,The ultimate cliché, a snort-like production, and the level of the screenplay. a mediocre acting ability As expected, you can't trust NAVER's score...It's true that there's a lot of manipulation
4,Sincerity is light, intent is thick...
6,It's a very common new drama. It's just an actor's turn
2,The answer is not the average score of the audience, but the average score of the press critic is 6... I'm so high, I'm trying to lower it, and I'm so angry, I'm just giving you two points, that's awesome. And people, wake up. Are you happy that the original is Noh Hee-kyung? I don't understand
1,The score is always high when dealing with only these subjects and topics, such as incurable diseases and family reconciliation. Now that Noh Hee-kyung's acting star is on the show, But the story isn't sad at all and it's not touching at all. You're crying, you're over-emotional. I'm angry at the forcedness of not letting anyone cry like me
1,A movie like OOO
1,a OOO movie
1,Personally, I'm not sad at all
4,Maybe it's because my reality is sadder, but I'm not that sad.I watched it prepared for a storm of sobbing, but it didn't come out in one drop.
2,People around me said it was touching and fun, so I watched it. What's this -- you make this a movie? It would be more touching and thrilling to count how many rice grains there are in the rice bowl
1,forced tears
1,the most beautiful loyalty in the world
6,Acting is good. The story is just...
6,It's sad, but... All the long lives that came out in the TV drama. It's a movie, so I was expecting something else. I'm a little distracted. She cries so well. I did cry, but... The story is too TV drama.
1,I don't think it's a 9-point movie
1,I saw it well, but I think the rating is a little too much
1,When you want to cry, but...The quality of the work...
5,I think the rating is too bubbly.
4,The settings stand out too much. Like a compilation of material from a cheap new drama. Although the actors' performances cover these shortcomings, they seem to have gone too far in the first place.
1,The hard work of trying to squeeze tears out was commendable, but it scored zero in its workmanship.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,That's too much.
5,Dementia + adultery + gambling + medical accidents + college entrance exams + pregnancy + uterine cancer ... eat it all
5,I searched Ying and found out that my horoscope was 2 points.
3,I cried while squeezing my nose... I don't want to watch it twice, it's just a forced tearjerker. It's just my taste. After I saw him, I thought I should be a good son to my mother.
1,Story comprehension and boredom--
1,Did you work out...  How can it be over 9 points?
2,I usually cry a lot, but this is really boring. It's not touching at all. It's boring. It's not sad. It's thanks to your acting
6,Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? I wanted to cry, so I watched it, I didn't cryI guess a movie is a movie.Time doesn't wait for anyoneI realized that this is the only way I can do this when I leave someone precious
1,It's so sad
6,He's a 24-year-old man. I was bored to death The only thing I remember is that the mint is pretty...
6,The acting of my favorite actors, but unfortunate for the forced content.
6,I expected it to be sad, but it's still sad. I want to be a mother like this
6,breathe too long
5,It is beautiful but I hate it because it is so sad
1,the height of obviousness and boredom LOL
3,A best-selling theater... I'm so touched
1,Why do you make this movie? Life is already sad enough...
4,It was calm and sad, so it was good to watch, but it didn't touch me. It was obvious. I tried to cry, but I didn'tㅜㅜ
1,Part-timers! xxx!
1,It's around 7 points at the most. It's too high. I'm cutting it
2,I don't know why it'They say that the family lives in a network and dies, and they suddenly become angels.
1,I'm going to raise the standard of Korean movies
6,I like acting, screenplay, storytelling, but I'm too common.It's very...
1,Except for the scene where Yoo Jun-sang gives you Sprite, it's very touching. Even if I cry, I don't like this kind of crying.
6,It's touching, but it's obvious
1,I knew the ending after ten minutes. I know the ending and forced tears since my mother had cancer ㅉㅉ
1,Lower the rating! I like touching things. It's so cliche. It's boring
5,An irritatingly poking sadness, such a sad movie makes me cry.
6,I was sleepy
5,Feels like the rating is a little high. It's a good movie for someone who wants to cry, but a cliche
6,If only it were a little more concise...
6,I need to lower the rating.I looked forward to it, and it was way below my expectations.It's just a family story.Obviousness
6,It's too obvious, too nice and typical. One more thing, it's very, very sad.
6,It's sad, but it's the same from beginning to end.I'm bored.
4,I was so frustrated and forced. I was annoyed the whole time I watched.
3,It's not fun...
1,I was never sad. It was rather comical. lol
6,It's a movie that makes you cry. But I thought I should be a good son.
4,I have a lot of tears...There are so many sad movies like this. There are many movies with similar plot
1,Wow, it's such a waste of money. I can't watch it all because I'm sad. I'm going to watch it for a minute tomorrow
6,Just as much as I expected. But it's a movie that will 100% satisfy those who want it
1,I'm a teary person, I was fooled by the score
4,Why is it so rated high?;;
1,Seriously! If it's not fun at all, it's not sad. What are you kidding me about? Give me back my time
1,Well, maybe 7 points should be a good cleanliness.
6,It's touching, but... What's the high score? That's what I thought.
1,That's a lot of bubble.I'm disappointed by the story
6,I like writer Roh Hee-kyung, but the new wave is too much in the movie. I did cry, but it felt like I was forced to cry.
2,contrived
6,It's not the most beautiful farewell in the world, but it's still sad
6,The content and acting are not the problem, but the directing is not fun
2,It's so contrived... But the actors' performances are very good. Eight points!
5,It hurts, but...
6,Of course, it's a good movie, but too extreme a story is heartbreaking
1,It's too popular-
1,I think there's too much foam on the rating.Honestly, it was nothing more than a new school
1,The score was too high, so 1 point!
6,It was hard to immerse myself because there was no restraint. Even the forced setting is making me hard./ps.Park Ha-sun is pretty
1,This is not it. I'm so sick of this story
6,I think the ratings are too high... ...and the story composition.I feel like I've been tricked
4,It is true that family members for forced tears are too contrived.
4,There are a lot of things that I want to say because it is unreasonable and sad
1,It's touching after watching it, but compared to other movies. This score is too high
1,What's the point of giving 10 points to a movie like this? Watch another movie and think about it
1,Disgusting Korean Film
6,a flat crop
4,It's not bad, but it's not more than a 9.0 rating compared to films of the same kind
5,I think the score is too high I like movies
6,It was good that the process of preparing for death was detailed, but it can't be helped that it feels stretched.
5,It's too long, so the impact will decrease. If you shorten it by 20 minutes, it'll be touching for a long time
5,Shinspa is like this
6,a cliché but commercial film to Korean audiences
6,Of course, it's sad, but it doesn't match the sadness of the original
5,How long will this movie last?
1,It's so cliche... Ah... It doesn't work...This far-fetched new drama...
3,I'm not touched. I'm filled with Shinpa
5,As a viewer who watched the original work, the actor's acting ability is recognized, but it does not reach the original work.  a disappointing movie
2,Compared to Christmas in August, when the patient was persuasive without pain, the production and screenplay are third-rate
4,I think I watched the movie for 7 minutes. If I can't watch it, I'll watch it for 10 seconds
5,It's hard to see until the end.
6,It's obvious. But it's sad
1,I was so annoyed that I couldn't see you for 10 minutes.
5,It's sad, but the ending was so obvious...
5,Touching... Kind audiences who give you a perfect score when you stimulate your emotions...The film industry is slow to develop thanks to
5,There was a lesson, but... I feel like I'm dragging my feet.
1,Are you asking me to be moved by such an obvious and boring story?
3,It was so obvious that I was dumbfounded.
1,Touching movies have high ratings.
6,Yeah, we rich people live with as much trouble as director Yang's [Dungfly] Was it this!All right
5,They sell tears cheap.
1,I'm so touched by this movie. I can't say anything about it
5,I get emotional, but I get emotional even with the appearance and mud collection
6,A handful of tears, and a life that goes on
3,I see the future ahead.
1,I didn't have any dew on my eyesWhat if I had cancer and gave up at the hospital, I had to give him an euthanasia?
5,The drama starring Joohyun/Na Moon-hee is much better. I want to see it again, but there's nowhere to find it
6,The indiscriminate use of music has reduced the quality of the movie
6,Well...
6,There was a touching line, but I wasn't impressed. Warm movies have high ratings.
6,Isn't this kind of material too boring? I expected it to be more beautiful
6,I'm saddened by the sad emotion, the sadness of scratching for two hours, rather than the beautiful breakup
3,Your family's behavior is so improbable. I clean up my sick mother
1,It's obvious... As soon as we start, we know what it's about.
3,It's just five minutes into the beginning, and when you guess the conclusion, it's a vain ending.Trash... Movies
1,A movie with an obvious story.It's too obvious.It's a story about killing people by making them sick
4,I can't feel touched because I can't relate to the lines and settings
1,It's worse than a drama. The cliche. Thanks to you, I recognized Na Moon-hee and Joohyun's acting skills more!
3,I heard it was touching, so I watched it, and it's really not... It's a cliché and a cliché.I don't think anyone cried
4,I don't understand why this movie has such a high rating. It's like a small theater.
6,the light and shadow of a film faithful to the original
1,It's not... I'm forced to move. I'm forced to sad
1,Fishing ㅠㅠ That's really bad. A movie that you don't need to watch in the theater, not funny or sad
3,It's a waste of money to watch it at the movies
6,I'm worse than a drama
6,Honestly, it wasn't that touching. But sometimes I cry a little by little
6,It's sad
1,It's not touching. It's just a laugh.
6,The acting was good :)
4,So artificial grief --
4,My feelings are dry...
2,Totally boring. It's much more touching to watch the drama
6,Tears are the only tears... It's not enough to say it's a deep emotion, but the actors' acting is touching!
6,Well, there were so many forced scenes.The plot is all--
1,a movie contrived only of the worst and sorrowI don't say this, but just look at something else.There are a lot of things like this on TV, too
5,I feel forced to grieve.It would have been better if I had made it more calm...
1,A bitter and boring film about the value of family as a mere tool against a daughter-in-law and mother-in-law
6,As expected, I was impressed by the actors' acting and solid original work.
6,The movie version of "Take Care of Mom"? There is no novelty like the novel did.
6,It's kind of an obvious story.Even if you want to cry, you can predict the next situation and cry...I think acting is good...
1,That's lame. Let's drop the rating. It's worth 6 points even if you give me a lot.
1,Don't worry about it, part-timers. It's a cliche. There's a lot of crap.
2,It's not the same as "I love you" or "I love you".Even though they're my favorite actors,
1,Is it a contradiction? Is it sad if you cry and part ways? It's 하네.
1,Are you sad when you're whining, rotten part-timers? I should've seen the gallop of anger.
1,I don't know why it's like this It was such a waste of money that I watched it until the end, but what about my time?
5,I think it's just worth watching
1,I watched it yesterday, but I don't know why I got a good score
1,I can't forget the acting of Na Moon-hee and Joohyun. Especially Joohyun.Kim Gap-soo and Bae Jong-ok are weak...
6,Part-time job in the comments? I cry a lot, but I shed two drops.He's good at acting, but he's too obvious
6,Bae Jong-ok acted well, but he felt like my mom, and I was embarrassed to see him with my family because of the scene in the beginning
6,Only four or five people sniffed while watching the movie.Why does it remind me of Na Moon-hee, the main character of the previous work?
6,I think you need a fresh and rich story and a smooth ending
1,It's like a third-rate drama. I tried to make it cry. It's not sad. It's not fun
5,It's a movie that thinks about family again, but it's a movie that learns the story while watching
1,The movie is about to burst into tears, but it's still popular and typical.
1,It smells like part-time play.This rating-rigging movie should not be watched for the development of the film industry.
5,Noh Hee-kyung, Bae Jong-ok, Kim Gap-soo, I looked forward to it, but if you look forward to it, you'll be disappointed
1,The audience was empty, but the rating was high
5,A little contrived story...I don't remember it for a long time I shed tears,
5,Scenes and cuts are a bit of a mess. I felt discomfort first rather than tears first.It's sad though.
5,Five points are worth an area.An hour and a half was really boring and half was worth watching.Do you think I'm emotionally dry?
1,A third-rate new wave of cliche and sloppy plotting, determined to catch tears. Acting is everything.
1,A forced emotion that goes with the sloppy drama squeezing. Let's stop fishing
1,Please don't be ridiculous. A low-budget movie
6,Familiar scenes from other films/drama featuring a time-limited protagonist were borrowed and boring
4,It feels like watching a typical drama.
6,Just because the story is good doesn't mean the movie is good...
5,It's sad, but... It's too obvious... I think I've seen it a lot in dramas.
4,I bought Megabox.   crying
1,Worst thing in the world, two hours of tear-jerking torture.
