말아톤
6,I've been watching it for 20 years, but it's much lower than the rumors.
6,Malaton.
6,Pacemaker and Yongho
6,My friend Ja Min is always full of hope even though she is not good enough like Chorong. JAEMIN is a good girl who only cares about Yumi, but she's always nervous because she doesn't have enough moneyWith 01058462118, you can save Jaemin with 2,000 won per month
1,It's so boring and terrible.It's a waste to give him 1 point, but I can give him 1 point because he's good at acting
6,Cho Seung-woo's outstanding performance, the last marathon scene, and Lee Ki-young's change of mind are fine, but people who are annoyed need to think about watching the movie because there are many scenes where he curses others and tells them to move on because he has a disability.
1,I started to hate people with disabilities
4,But his acting skills are a bit lower than Shin Hyunjun's, who played barefoot Ki-bong
5,A romantic story that shines with Cho Seungwoo's outstanding acting skills
1,Does a woman like children if she touches her butt because she's disabled? Plus, my kid's got a disability A movie that makes a fuss with a forced touching chord
1,If you look at it from the current perspective, it's an emotional movie
1,This movie is not a movie. The film is just an electronic leech stuck to the screen quota system like a parasite or mold.
6,You used the word "normal" to introduce the plot. Please correct it.
1,"My child has a disability" is a famous line in the movie, but it was a bad line that significantly lowered the level of social consciousness of the people. (Scene where a disabled person touched a woman's butt) Disabled people have no sexual desire, which is the basic human desire, but only pureness. (Lack of letters)
1,A movie with a rating of 7 is just the right one!!!
6,Cho Won's younger brother is the only one who is annoyed by acting, and the rest of the actors are really good at acting. However, I tend to hesitate whether the movie will proceed calmly from the beginning or go more dramatically. It is a pity that it proceeds in the middle of it.
1,not much
6,Why didn't I feel it?
3,It's not getting into it, so it's very clear.
6,Well, it's kind of fun
1,Hey, it's a marathon
1,5.6 True story, but sometimes value is important
6,moderate fun
1,It's not that funny
1,not much
1,Just because I am moved, I am disappointed in Korea that I can give 10 points.
1,I don't like this kind of movie. It's annoying. Like a national university
1,These days, there is a tendency to give 10 points...
5,It's just a drama that was carefully solved, and it can't be said to be the best.
4,I think I've seen the plot before.It's not unfamiliar...
1,a one-dollar movie
4,Barefoot Ki-bong is the first... The content, the level...He's not strong enough to draw attention
6,A great encounter between Cho Seung-woo and Jung Yoon-chul. Mother finally realizes her selfishness
4,The fun went to Andromeda because it was straight
1,One of the worst movies ever. Don't give a high rating because it's a Korean movie. I get irritated.
4,It's a disappointing artificial movie
1,an over-decorated movie
1,I saw it in the theater before and the rating sounded too high. a waste of money
6,If it was just...
1,It's rotten
1,The worst movie in my life
6,It's not my style. Huh.
6,It's just like that
6,It wasn't good
3,There's nothing to come out of it.
5,Strangely, it wasn't that touching...That's too bad.
5,What's sad? Cho Seungwoo is disabled
1,I'm so impressed...
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
6,Poor acting, boring story.
1,It's not fun, it's not touching and it's boring
1,It was so boring
5,I didn't feel anything.
4,a production that talks about human beings with a light breaththe eyes of a superintendent+4
6,It's much more than the public enemy 2 that was released together
5,It's not that touching.I'm far away if I don't
5,This is a unique movie that you can't see anywhere else
5,It's an obvious story. It's touching
5,It wasn't good
3,slept
4,Who said it was fun? I cried because it was boring and obvious. I was fooled
6,Still sadistic, but smarter than my seniors
4,It's a true story, so I give you a high score
1,The rating is too high. It's a typical story!
1,This is the bubble
1,Amichin, I'm kidding. You're not
3,Personally, it was too obvious and not very touching
1,Honestly, it was kind of boring
1,what is it
1,The score is too high...
1,Seven points is enough
1,a movie with a score of eight
1,Honestly, I'm sick of it
1,A movie that's movie!
4,The actors' acting was good, but it was a little boring
3,Childhood teaching and lessons, but the birth of a school group movie.
4,The story is good, but it was boring
5,To be honest, it's not 9.20. About 8.2?
3,The only thing I can see is Cho Seungwoo's acting
1,1 point is appropriate
1,It's not that bad
1,It's not fun. A movie with a disabled person
1,1 point is appropriate
1,Not when I first saw it, but it's fun even if I watch it again
1,a Korean movie worth watching
1,A five-point movie.The rating is too high.Did you work out?
4,It was boring... I watched it until the end as if I was doing my homework
1,It was hard to pass 10 minutes because of my personality. I'm sorry.
1,Cho Seung Woo's acting is worth watching
4,그래서...
6,It's an old story, but it's boring
6,You acted very well, but the story wasn't...
6,To be fair, 6 points
1,Honestly, it doesn't seem like a movie with a rating of 9 points
1,Why is this above the pie?
1,Funny.
2,This movie...
1,I'm so touched
6,It's an old story, but it's fun
1,Personally, I think... It was boring and nothing
1,I don't know why I should be touched.
1,You see?
1,More than Shawshank...
1,I don't like it.
1,there is nothing special about
1,Life is beautiful
1,I'm a hard life.lol
1,Are you kidding me?
3,I enjoyed watching it, but the rating is too high It's not this bad
1,If you go down a little bit, you'
1,There's this thing in the pie -_-
1,Go back to your seat.
3,a masterpiece for a Korean movie
1,I'm yawning
5,It's touching but too obvious
1,Why can't I feel it?
1,My heart is 8 points... But for the sake of mediation...
6,I fell asleep while watching--
1,be dull and uninspiring
1,Don't you think the score is too high?
6,Am I a fool to not cry or feel touched after watching this movie?
1,commercialization of beautiful storiesDisgusting.
1,I think it's a forced move.
5,It wasn't much.
1,But why are you giving me 10 tablets?Is Cho Seungwoo good at acting?
4,Impression isn't the only thing that completes the movie
5,It's touching, but it'
4,I'm touched, but the movie itself is not funny...For me, it's not that good
6,Cho Seungwoo really looked disabled
5,It seems like you made up a fantastic reality...
5,Am I the only one who didn't like it -_-
6,Kim Misook is good at acting
6,It's not enough...
3,Kim Misook, acting, conflict, etc. Description, realistic, good Seungwoo. I care too much
1,I cried while yawning
6,to that extent,
6,Did you have high expectations?
1,It's corny. It's just touching, it doesn't feel deep.
6,Touching and Human Story
1,I was tricked by the trailer.
1,8th day is not even in the ranking. NAVER is weird
5,Usually, Korean movies are either stupidly nice or disgusting.
1,I accept your sincerity.
4,I was tricked into a zone by the unique air of Koreans
6,I saw it in the movie theater... ...but I didn't sleep
1,below expectations
6,Kind of... Yes...
5,I laughed and cried a little.
1,The score... It's not this much
5,To be honest, this score was too much.
1,The score is too high
1,But it is necessary to reflect on where the origin of tears lies
1,I didn't like the material
5,I try to shed tears, but the story isn't acting. It's just whatever
1,...........Not really
1,I didn't expect a lot
1,Boring--
5,a heart-warming movie
5,Somehow
5,I guess I'm weird again
3,The most incomprehensible movie? Why is this movie rated high?
6,It wasn't that touching, but Cho Seung Woo's great acting!
3,It's really not...
1,Why did you make it?
3,Not good.
1,Is it a movie when autistic children run?
1,Who erased my rating? What a part-timer!
6,It wasn't very funny and it wasn't very touching.
1,The true story is sad, not the movie
3,What's so amazing about this?
3,I don't really
5,Why do they release this in theaters? It's better for the best theater.
3,There is only a scene, but there is no content.I wonder if Juyeon is not Cho Seungwoo
1,It's so conventional...Annoying movie...It's not even funny.I'm not touched.
6,Go all the way, meadow. We're in a worse society than Serengeti.
6,be moved
5,It's just that...
1,It would have been nice if the main actor wasn't Cho Seung-woo.
6,It's not him that stimulates the tear glands
6,A movie that I didn't expect but I'm getting more and more annoyed.
6,It's just, uh, funny
6,I can't get my heart wet. Why?
6,I shouldn't have seen the trailer
6,It's not enough.
6,In my view, it was just a warm movie.
5,an infinitely common human habit Praise to the actors who helped you get into character.
6,If you want to find a touching moment, I recommend "Life Theater"
1,The story of the main character is touching, but... not so much
6,Contrary to my expectations, I'm not...
5,A boring movie, the beginning and the end are okay, but the middle...
1,d
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
4,a mediocre film
1,That's too much of a rating exaggeration.A forced and touching effort...It was uncomfortable.
1,Why do I think differently from ordinary Koreans?
6,It's a movie that makes you laugh and move. Boredom from the middle of the movie to the end ;;
5,I deleted it because I was bored. Should I watch it again? Oh no
6,No, no, no, no, no, no, no
4,Cho Seungwoo's acting was good, but I think it was too easy.
1,I don't understand why this cliche of a storyteller is so touching
6,It's just a movie. Cho Seungwoo's acting is great.
1,The rating is too high (approximately a star set is appropriate)
1,I don't know
4,Touching???????????????????????????????????????????????????
2,There's only a story. The other movie aesthetics is "Bad"
6,It's just a touching drama
6,Isn't it just a drama? The rating is too high --;;
6,It was nothing more than a well-made drama.
6,a pretty good movie
3,It was more boring than I thought...
1,a conventional story of a disabled young man What's so special about it?
1,It's worth watching, but it fits the 7-8 mark Korean version of Forest Gump...
1,an exaggerated struggle everywhere be close to the disability discrimination campaign
6,I don't know why the audience is whimpering at the end.
1,obstacles
1,That's a big leap. It's a drama with a very cliche.
5,To be honest, it's just...
5,I guess it's because I watched it with high expectations...
3,The Worst Movie of 2005
1,a strong appeal to the desire to sleep
6,Cho Seung-woo's acting was good, but he seemed to be squeezing out the emotions.
5,It's just to the point where tears come out.
6,Good acting skills. I'm disappointed because I'm looking forward to it, but a good movie
6,Best theater. I don't like it
6,It's a bit forced and it doesn't fit my role as a mom
4,The content is good, but depending on the production and acting,
6,It's the Communist Party. If you say it's not good, it's like you're
1,-_- I feel disillusioned with the level of Korean movies as I watch the audience cry over the cheap new wave
6,In short, it's a movie that only Cho Seung Woo can watch
1,I don't know what's touching. Touching... Touching...I don't like it because I'm so much
4,Proper humor and Cho Seung-woo's similar acting
2,I'm looking forward to it so much. Don't look forward to it too much. The composition is a bit loose
5,Is this touching, too? Am I dry?
6,Other than, "I liked the performance you showed me effort to do." I don't know.
1,I don't like 9 points
5,I strongly recommend Cho Seungwoo's acting.
1,I think my expectations were too high. I'm satisfied that I saw Cho Seungwoo.
1,Was it too big? It wasn't good;;
1,You made it well ㅠㅠ
6,Maybe because I had too much expectation, I didn't feel much emotion.
1,I didn't like it either. It was too contrived. I'm so touched
1,I don't really...
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
6,It's not enough to be based on a true story.
1,It's an obvious movie
2,a boring movie
1,I'm looking at it
2,The casting was bad.
1,Courage to shout 1 when others shout 10
1,Obvious subject and obvious story... You're just making whatever you want
5,It's too corny.
6,It's a real story, so there's not much drama
6,This is the victory of Cho Seung-woo, the image of this Hwan-dan -_-;
5,There are a lot of mechanical comments saying, "A movie that's~~."
5,forced overestimation Cho Seung-woo 8, Kim Mi-sook 5. Scenario and directing are zero points.
5,Cho Seungwoo's acting was good.It's a bit disappointingDid I expect too much?
2,It wasn't fun. It was touching.I don't have much.
3,Forest Gump Korean Version, Not Fun
1,I think 1 point is too much and 6 points is too high
1,I don't understand people with disabilities who allowed me to film
1,Only Cho Seung-woo's acting, a bland movie that makes you cry,
1,Why do you look so obvious and pretentious? I'm sick of it.
1,Why do I look so pretentious?
1,It's boring. It's the worst
4,To be honest, it's not calm but boring. A predictable development, a predictable ending.
5,A movie that I didn't like because I was so excited.The obvious result. The sad movie
1,a film tailored to the results/only for Cho Seung-woo
1,Worst movie ever made of good material... This good material...
1,Too obvious plot,
1,The audience was just palatable. Pretending to be there, but not much
2,I was really looking forward to it, but Kim Misook was awkward and bored
1,It was too much for a man to see.Would it have been different if I'd seen a girl?
1,Enjoy your meal
5,I wasn't impressed. It's a bit boring.
1,She's not funny
1,An obvious story.I hope we can overcome the limitations of Korean movies
1,Just a movie that's popular with mob mentality
6,A tearful movie that seems to be more focused on the moment's emotional engagement than the plot
6,Why does it get boring over time?
1,Absolutely. A movie that runs to the limit when compared to Public Enemy 2.
6,It's a touching story with great acting skills.It's all good, but I was bored
5,a defamatory film
1,It's not fun...
6,I'm sorry. It wasn't good
5,Maybe because I'm ignorant, I don't know the consistency of the movie
1,Meadow, 1,000 won for legs, legs, legs, legs. What's a million dollars for the disabled?
1,A normal, predictable storyline.
1,crying
1,It's worth watching
6,It's a little boring movie.
3,I don't know. I'm not impressed.A movie that's not worth the money.
1,It's so much fun
1,I want to give 10 more points to Cho Seungwoo's acting a movie with a total of 20 points
6,It's a treasure. I don't know how good the movie is.-_-
1,I don't know... a movie that I didn't spray
4,I'm so into Cho Seung Woo's acting.It's touching and it's not a forced smile~~~
1,There are a lot of part-timers. The horoscope is all similar
5,It's not like I have so many stars.It's a true story, but nothing else
1,I just didn't like it. I guess it was fun
1,I'm disappointed.
3,If this movie had an academy, it would be better than Taegeukgi.
1,a really boring movie
3,Star, star, star, star
5,The marathon was not boring.However, the eyes of non-disabled people are annoying.
2,I watched both the public 2 and the Maraton. I was looking forward to the Maraton trailer
5,There were more jokes than touching, not touching
4,Cho Seung-woo's acting skills are too poor compared to Tom Hanks.
6,A touching movie. It's not fun enough
6,Cho Seungwoo is just Cho Seungwoo
1,I'm so impressed. I'm too excited about the press.
1,Korean movies have very high ratings
1,It's a boring movie because he's so nice. Honestly, I'm a bit embarrassed about Cho Seungwoo's acting with disabilities
1,When others give me 10 points, I want to give you 1 point.[Honestly, 10 points]
1,Your part-time job is amazing. Wow, it's the best
1,I'm touched, but I don't think it's enough for the box office.
1,To be honest, it was kind of...
1,Maraton is not fun.
1,9 points? Foot...
1,Following the old material... You don't have enough power to make a hit.
5,.............is it the sound of watching a movie? - M-
1,The part-timer is playing the game
2,It's such an obvious story.I can't relate
1,Recommendations, recommendations!
1,Is that a part-timer... Let's lower the score.
1,It hasn't even been released yet, but part-timers are installing it
1,It's a movie that's too dramatic.
2,....I'm counting on Cho Seungwoo's acting skills, but...It's such an obvious story.
1,I just sighed while watching the trailer.Why is our movie unfair and funny next time?
1,It's a victory for part-timers.
4,Hmm... A movie that ends while running...What is it?
2,Because Cho Seungwoo comes out, I hold it in at least. -_- It's boring and boring!
1,There are so many part-timers in Monnum on the 27th!
5,The movie that made me cry because I couldn't be touched.Cho Seungwoo's acting is highly recommended.
1,Hmm... I think the concept is like Forest Gump.
5,I haven't seen it yet, but I think it'll be touching It's similar to the youth with developmental disabilities I saw on TV
1,You can't watch this movie in theaters, you can watch it on video, pet
1,Is it a Forrest Gump parody? The main character is disabled. He dances and marathons...
1,Part-timers, stop pressing five stars. I'm annoyed
1,Oh, my. Preview? Expectation?That's why I can't trust Naver.Look and tell me
5,Trash is too much for some reason^^ Everything is the best. I miss you
6,Anticipated movie
5,I'm touched just by the preview.
1,Cho Seung-woo is good at acting. But will it be a perfect score?
4,Whatever it is, the trailer is the most interesting thing. There's nothing more interesting than the trailer
1,10 points of antipathy.
5,I feel like I'm going to watch a touching movie for the first time in a while*^^*
1,Don't look forward to it's a dam
5,I really want to see it.
