반지의 제왕: 왕의 귀환
1,Prodo is a developmental cancer. Sam is a hero.
2,I don't really... The rating...
6,If I had Sam do it, I would have saved a thousand more
1,Hahahaha. That's not fun
3,
6,Personally, I dozed off at home. I think Hobbit is more fun
3,
1,Lord of the Rings is great. 1 point because it's too long lol
1,A movie that I've watched over and over again... Sam, you did a great job.
1,Not funny
6,The godfather of fantasy. If I could imitate this movie, I would eat half of it.
2,It's not fun at all. There's no sense of urgency in the battle scene, and the drama is boring
1,What's the excuse for revitalizing the economy this year?
1,After binge-watching all the movies, I understand Sean Connery, who was nominated as Gandalf, who refused to pay 15% and 500 billion won in box office profits. Let's all be honest. This movie was a lengthy, trite, expensive, boring piece of junk.
1,hjgjrythry
2,The whole series of The Lord of the Rings is just a film of animation that first came out in the 1970s and 80s.Since there is no adaptation or production of Jackson, it is like copying and pasting the contents of the cartoon to the point that the rights of the movie series should be given to the animation producer.--ㅡㅡ
1,Space Corner users get angry and have hair on their hair.
1,Angry Jiang Yi-kang and Family and Collectivity
1,Balancing Unofficial Moral Loneliness in More People
5,It's too long~~Lack of editing power
1,Taiwan's Foreign Investment Fever
3,Darkness overshadowed by glamour. Poor performance
2,The main character doesn't care
3,Over four hours of play time, with unchanging boredom.It shows the most dynamic development of the series, including a scale beyond the previous theater, a massive battle screen, including siege warfare.But it's a little too much to compensate for the overwhelming boredom of the Lord of the Rings series.
1,It's not my style. It doesn't suit me
1,Frodo had a hard time  Sam is the best player, Gandalf.
1,It's like an unrealistic soap opera
5,It's boring and too long...
2,Who the hell is the owner? Half-and-half-faced...I don't do anything at all. I think the real main character is Sam.  It's worth watching because there are more battle scenes in the third episode than the first one.
4,It's really long, but the content is very simple. Sam is having a hard time. It's frustrating... Even if I watch American dramas, I watch one season a day, but I barely watch it for a few days. The character is clear of good and evil, so there is no flatness, black and white simple humor. I think it cost a lot of money and it's not fun. I wish the wizard could do some magic.
1,It's really not fun. I'll have to watch the chronicle of Narnia
6,The scale is magnificent, but the actions of the main characters are all stupid, and it makes me wonder if the Hobbits, in particular, could be smarter
1,Do you have a hobbit with Frodo that doesn't help at all? It's white, but it's fun except for Gandalf, who doesn't know how to use magic, and who only makes hand-to-hand combat difficult
1,The movie I don't understand the most why I'm a masterpiece. It doesn't matter if you hit me in the same way. I can proudly say that I don't like this movie and it's not fun. The Oak Monster was designed to be so dirty and horrible in a really nothing fantasy. You shouldn't get stressed out watching movies.
3,I don't know;; the most boring and uninteresting childish movie on the top list.
1,It's not a point, I want to give it a 0.1 point.
1,The first movie was the worst. I watched it in the movie theater, and I knew when Inum's movie ended and was bored to death. I'm dragging my feet. The first movie I remember as the worst.
1,As soon as the movie started, I slept in 3 seconds.
1,I still remember that I went to the theater with another woman at the end of December 2003 and the beginning of January 2004. I slept twice and I fell asleep strangely
1,Honestly, I've seen all of them, but a masterpiece? I don't think it's that bad. It's something to be highly valued for being the original kind of worldview like the elf oak hobbit that's so common. Honestly, there were more boring parts while watching this movie. It's not a one-point movie, but the rating is too high
1,Wow, it's the climax here. As always, the story is very corny. The Lord of the Rings series is the worst film series of all time. I regret seeing such a crude and boring work. The poster says it's a great masterpiece of the 21st century, so tell the truth.
1,I'm proud of myself for watching Lord of the Rings 1, 2, and 3.
1,◆ Honestly, I watched the whole Lord of the Rings series in theaters, but it wasn't that fun. There are many boring parts and I give 1 point to lower the score
1,It's so frustrating and boring.
5,The scale is great, but it's not the story I expected
6,The war scene on a massive scale is great. However, it is a little disappointing that the ending is too sudden.
1,The worst serial movie ever...
1,Orlando, the acting is just as bad as ever
3,Phew... 25 hours of epic finally ends...
4,fall asleep while watching...as one feels
1,I was sleepy but I got a bad GPA
1,I slept 15 minutes after the movie started. It's not enough to be a fantasy. It's a war movie with different races
5,It's fun, but whenever a program comes out, I feel like I'm meeting a roll troll
3,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
1,Children's fantasy...
1,The rating is too high.
1,Noisy and not funny jujube
1,The rating was too high.
1,I saw it when it was released in theaters at the time, but honestly, I didn't feel that it was boring and fun. It's okay to watch a big-scale movie in theaters, but it's not that good. To be honest, it's not a nine-point movie.
4,The extended version is a real hate running time, and even the theater version is a three-part, nine-hour extreme suspicion. It's boring and boring, so it's a perfect work for a fantasy movie Bible, but it's also a boring Bible
1,The scale and visuals are incredible, but the lines and content are cliche
1,Orcs are so scary
1,a foamy film
1,Rating adjustment
1,It's long
1,--ㅡㅡ
1,a really silly movie rating adjustment for the original
1,The score is too high.
6,Well, it's too long and boring.;;
1,I don't understand what it's about.How can this be 10 points?
6,Compared to the previous works that made me curious, there was nothing to be done except for a single conflict with the visuals.
1,The extension is boring.
1,If it wasn't good, I downloaded it and watched it for a few days, but it was slower than the inside, and it was only on a big scale, and I couldn't understand why it was so famous
3,It's not that fun
1,Overrated third-rate garbage
3,Boring!
1,Personally, I don't like movies like this.
6,The level of perfection is unnecessary, but personally, it did not provide a perfect sense of immersion to see it until the end. I think Sam suffered the most.
5,About 5 points is appropriate
2,Why are you saying it's funny when it's not funny?
1,Peter Jagilsson has solved a lot of part-time jobs.Don't be fooled.I turned it off after 10 minutes
6,I'm not that funny
4,It was just like that
1,One point
4,It's kind of weird. Ghosts go wild. It doesn't make sense
1,a movie with ugly orcs
1,be far from my taste
1,Less than the first one
6,The other two are the best, but Frodo's return was frustrating and cringeworthy.
3,Fantasy... It's really not my thing;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;; Ah
1,It's just boring...Anyway, I was happy with the high score...ㅠ.ㅠ
5,It's fun, but it feels like I'm into something
6,I don't like furry clothes
1,Two Towers
3,Maybe it's because I've been looking at it from time to time. It wasn't fun
1,I really love this movie very much.However, it is doubtful that the rating is higher than that of Avatar
1,Odeok FANTASY that has no bottom or end. Professional players are frustrated
5,Like me, impatient clack.I can't see people for 200 minutes.
1,Honestly, I don't know
1,There are so many Fantasy Otakhu.
6,The attraction was great, but human tactics lost the concept.
5,Gandalf, who has become a white wizard, is the only magic he knows how to use
6,Fantasy like Matrix is cool, but I don't like this.--just enough to watch
6,The ending is so boring
1,I don't like fantasy movies like this.
6,I think 3 is the most fun
5,There are many movies that surpass this movie before and after
1,I saw it on SBS yesterday. It's the worst. It's not fun, it's not touching, it's professional, it's all about being pathetic
6,I'm sorry. All three episodes were boring. It's just a must for culture. Don't waste your time and spend it on New Year's Day
6,I know it's a blockbuster, but... It's boring... This is...
1,Boring movie for people who don't like fantasy
1,1.2.3 It was boring for more than 9 hours in total.
2,I almost went crazy looking at the end of the expansion board The battle scene is 1% fun, so I give you one more point
1,It's a shame to finish
1,Dog disappointed novels are the best
1,The novel is more interesting.To be honest, it was boring.
1,I'm tired of it///////////////////////////////////////////////////
1,A movie that would disappoint people who have read books.
1,Where did you start working -_-
1,I don't think we're going to win first place
1,What the hell is this?
1,It's not a good idea
1,It's really not
1,This isn't right
1,It's a fantasy entertainment movie
1,It's not funny
1,not much
1,I don't like movies like this. It's just gross
1,It's just an expensive blockbuster carried on the original...   It was a little better than Roland Americh.
1,What is this money-painted movie?
1,There's nothing to see but the war god. It's boring. The more I go back after the middle, the more...
5,The flaw is that it is too long and boring
1,Why is the return of the king the highest in the Lord of the Rings series? It's too focused on Gollum.
5,This is why I don't watch fantasy genre
1,I almost fell asleep.
1,A little bit of boredom.
1,a typical foamy film
1,It's not funny
1,a third-rate film
1,Why is it a sequel?
1,a great disappointment
1,The sequel shouldn't have come out
4,To be honest, I felt the last drag.I was watching it and almost went out...
1,It should have come up to two towers
1,a far-fetched story;
1,Harry Potter is better
1,I should've made up to the second episode
1,Just trash
1,I thought it was a ring expedition
1,It's not as good as I thought
1,I thought you were peeing
1,This is a waste, too
1,I don't like fantasy like this
6,It's well made, but it's forced and too long.
1,Gandalf is so cool and funny
1,I don't understand what you're saying--
6,I'm getting disappointed.
1,Why am I not funny ㅠㅠ
1,Boring movie for people who don't like fantasy
4,Boring.
5,Oh, I tried three times.It's not that it's not.
1,Honestly, I enjoyed watching it, but this isn't 10? 9.17?
1,The wizard doesn't shoot the magic. Gollum is the main character.
5,Lord of the Rings; I don't like it
3,Troy is a hundred times better
1,It's so much fun. I slept in the theater.The last one is very long.
1,I was dying of sleepiness.
6,The war was fun and boring The front part...
3,I feel bad for my friend who is dozing off next to me
5,The CG was great, so there were a lot of things to see, but... Boredom that can't be filled by itself
1,What's left of it except for the fun of the eyes?
1,Honestly, not the graphic, but the content... Especially the last 15 minutes
1,The horror channel CGV's 10-hour masterpiece...
1,I've never seen a trash movie like this before.
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
4,Why am I not interested in the Lord of the Rings? I know I'm weird.)
1,To be honest, 9 points is a waste
1,The Lord of the Rings series are all boring.
1,Everything changes!!
1,a poor work
6,It's so boring
1,a hell of a sleepy movie
1,It was boring
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,This is fun? Come on...
1,I vote for Optimus Prime
1,I thought it was over, but I'm doing it for another 30 minutes
1,It's not that it's not boring, but... It was boring because it was too long.
1,It's the best part of the ring series
1,I saw it when I was in elementary school, but it was ridiculous. Don't ignore elementary school students.K
1,a film with little to say
1,The Lord of the Rings is a movie.
1,Elementary school movie. People who like it after watching this. Poor thing.
1,a low-class movie
6,a weak boy bearing the king's fatea wise leaderFantasy of love with his colleagues.
1,I fell asleep after 30 minutes -ㅡ
3,Except for the larger scale...
5,It's the least popular one of the series
6,The movie that didn't really touch me...
1,Gollum is so ugly, so it's not fun, and the guy who's surprised is Legolas
6,You've turned the book into a movie
6,It was like watching an animation movie
1,Honestly, there's no real fantasy... You're also full of commercial skills
1,Banhajje of Baekje
5,The series was getting worse...
1,The title and the content don't match. Change it to Gollum's evil ring
1,The second one is better
3, attract, invite, lure
6,It's too bad.
1,It's obvious that you've worked so hard for a better sequel than the previous one, Jackson.
6,The graphics alone were so cool
6,Tolkien's last chapter, which turned into a war epic
5,Graphic lights are cool, but the story is really not. Why is this a masterpiece?
1,Bubbles again
1,It's not Naestal
4,Boring.
5,I hated FANTASY, but it's fun
1,I'm Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings series. It's not fun
1,I don't know why it's 4th place--ㅡㅡ
3,I think two towers are better
1,It's a scale that you know the story clearly. a movie less than two towers
2,a movie that devastated my fantasy
1,Whatever
1,They say this is fun
1,Stop playing it on the cable, now I'm memorizing the lines and the next scene
3,I'm getting less and less interested I don't remember anything but the last scene
4,The Lord of the Rings series? CG tea is popping
5,It's boring, but it's fun. It's about 76%?
5,네 알겠습니다
3,Tickling is all about fun. My butt hurts
1,What do you mean it'
6,They're all good, but powerful ghosts come out at the end, so they win so easily
6,There are people who don't get along even if they feel and feel.
1,I don't understand a movie like this
1,Not really
1,a movie for elementary school students
1,It's not good
2,Frodo should have died
1,I fell asleep while watching the movie.Where the hell is fun?
1,Korean people are making too much of this
5,It's a pretty good movie.
2,Only the scale was big. A clear reflection of the limitations of popular fantasy.
2,The second one came out. 100,000 people lined up and did the ceremony, no fighting...
1,-- It's not a movie.It's a drama! No more series
3,Give 3 points in terms of scale.I fell asleep while watching it.A good movie for children.
4,It's interesting, but it's not very artistic
1,To the 30s, there's no sense of reality-free
1,I was bored.
1,The last 30 minutes were fun and the movie was boring for the entire hour
1,I don't think 9.24 is. But the scale is good
1,I don't like fantasy movies. I like documentaries
1,I'm in my 40s, and I think it's a vain and childish jjamppong movie.
1,A really childish movie
1,FANTASY is not good.
1,I don't like this kind of movie.Zero sense of reality...
2,Well, it's not my cup of tea. It wasn't fun
6,I was just bored
1,Life is a hundred times more fun. It's 100 times more touching!
1,I slept. Why is the last one so long?
1,The movie is too much for the content.
1,It's like a 3D game.
1,an elementary movie
1,A really childish movie
1,No more, please
6,It's not that funny
3,Unexpectedly, it looks like a city.
1,a big bubble in the history of film
5,a bit of boredom
1,I'm sick of dung-gao
6,In a word, the spring is too tight to be restored to its original state.
4,Except for the action scenes, it's not that...It wasn't funny.
1,Why the rating is high: 10 votes is 60%? It's a movie for teenagers outside.
4,An unexpected event was needed. lol
5,The ending is too textbook... The war god is the best
1,The ranking is too high
3,It's just a fantasy movie
1,That's...
6,You can't keep up with the original...
3,It was a fantasy with no content
5,Honestly, all of this series was boring
1,Many people have seen it
5,It's less fun than the previous one. The second one is fun
2,a movie I don't understand at all
1,It's a big movie, but it doesn't seem like it'
1,I slept over this at the theater.
3,I almost died of sleep,
1,I don't know what the hell this is about
5,Gandalf has a cane and never uses magic--a
6,How can Frodo take care of the ball?  I'm so happy for you
6,No matter how much you care about CG, it's obvious...
4,Yeah, we've got three episodes, but we can't kill the main character easily.
4,Even a psychotic program...What else is there besides war?
1,That was obvious. The first one is the best
1,Boring itself, isn't it obvious? Throwing away the ring
6,It's a famous movie because of the special effects!
5,Is it so hard to throw away boring movie rings? I'm forcing myself to go
3,just for fun
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
2,Thorough entertainment is fun
1,Fantastic graphics! But a movie with only a shell...
1,It's getting worse. I enjoyed the first movie.
1,What's this?
2,I don't even look at it all. Only things to see... --;ㅡㅡ;
1,boring, bored, dull, tedious, tiresome, wearisome
1,-,- a movie worse than a book
1,It's a stupid movie with no fun at all right?
1,It's not good
1,I watched it on TV and it was really tearfully boring.
1,It's just the eyes and ears. It'
1,If you win an Academy Award, do you think there's something profound?
1,It's a movie that's only big and doesn't have a story. All I remember is Gollum.
1,Childish -- +...
6,A movie that's too normal except for the sights.
3,Two was really great, but was I expecting too much?
1,There's no content. There's only action. It's a waste of time
1,Ugh, that's not funny
4,The special effects are great. The story is good, too.But why is it empty?
1,A really boring ending.The ending movie is more than 30 minutes long.
5,I heard that the first and second episodes are just previews. What is this?
3,The previous movie and box office hit, but why did the movie result look like this?
6,The last boredom offsets all the enthusiasm.
1,What the hell is funny???It's a children's movie.
5,a sleepy movie
1,There is no former Peter Jackson, only a fat director desperate for money.
1,It's too long. I watched it before I fell asleep
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,--;ㅡㅡ;
1,Well, compared to stars, I'm not that good
1,x
1,I tried so hard not to sleep...
4,Honestly, it wasn't fun
1,It's too long and boring.
1,Whatever
1,I really didn't like it
1,This rubbish movie --
1,No matter how many times I look at it, it's not fun at all.
1,I don't understand it because it's boring no matter how much I look at it.
1,I certainly pay tribute to that huge scale
1,It's a very boring movie
4,A movie worth watching.
1,Hmm...
1,That's not fun.
5,Boring double-track. CG all over the place. a frustrating plot Oscar for Best Picture (?)
4,Not allowed to watch over 15 years old... the height of childishness
1,Why is it more boring than the first and second episodes?
1,It wasn't good
1,Cut the movie and show the god of war, boredom
5,I wish I'd removed the ring and ended it right away.lol
1,a series of boredom
1,Can't I give you 0 point?It's not funny
1,It's not fun at all right?
1,Makes me think too much ;;
1,I don't have any. ^^ LOL
1,Pleasure, a nasty piece of pleasure
1,I heard that Ian McKellen went blind right after the shooting an actor's meditation
1,I know you spent a lot of money, but...Still bored...It was really hard to watch until the end
1,No, this isn't it'
1,Watch it when you can't sleep.I'm falling asleep by myself.a sleeping pill movie
1,If I get a ring, I'll keep it and dig it
1,85596 presbyopia mirrors in Ba Henan, France
5,A movie so generous that a villain is desperate! I watched half the movie and cheered for Oak.
1,It's so childish that I can't get zero points. I'm annoyed by the movie, but I'm annoyed
1,Hollywood crap movie...
1,허우적거리다
2,1Crystal of Ring Trash
1,The Lord of the Rings, the worst film that trash the original author's ideals
1,See 33027: KKK apartheid
1,I watched 3 videos yesterday.It's not fun. Is it just me?
1,With the Korean flag flying
5,Boredom continues to the end of the series.
1,I haven't seen it yet, but...
6,It's flashy, it's big, it's cliche
1,I doubt it's a film worth winning the entire Academy.
6,I was so sleepy. Lord of the Rings is the best
3,a dull old-fashioned movie
1,Wow, I'm so sick of this. Why did you make this movie? It's not fun. Well
1,It was so long that it was boring...
1,We also... But then to the teacher!
1,It's so simple
6,It was good up to two towers, but...
1,I'm an Aragon
3,I felt a thrill throughout the movie
1,outside the battle scene
1,Boring!!! The director was trying to get it right for 3 hours.Especially Prudeau's annoying character
6,It's fun. I'm 11 years old, but it's really fun.
1,Hollywood push;;
1,If you spend a lot of money, I'll take it, too
5,It's so confusing. It comes out once a year, so from the beginning
1,I heard it cost $300 million -_-; personally, Titanic or Pearl Harbor is better
1,A typical blockbuster with the first movie best, war to its heartily a movie that ends
3,It's not fun. After reading a book, the movie becomes boring
1,It's not that fun, but it's boring. 8 points because of the graphic
2,The Lord of the Rings seems to like only those who like it -_-
1,Not really - --;;
1,Great people. It's a great movie.
3,Did I need three and a half hours?
6,There are a few things to see, but there's no sense of urgency in Hollywood action, part two, like a rehash of battle scenes
1,Legolas is really, really cool.
3,This much for the ring?
1,Very ridiculous ghosts -_- part one was good; part two-thirds boring
1,The person who praises the ring is probably a ring official
1,It's so cruel
1,It was the worst.
1,Bored...
1,There's something that leaves Silmido. The ring is the best in fiction Silmido
6,To be honest, I dozed off.
6,I'm sorry about the scale and graphic packaging
1,What a great movie... But I can only give you one point for Silmido
5,I haven't seen the return of the king yet, but I've seen the trailer
1,What is it?
1,A really boring movie...Quick
1,Is this... a masterpiece?
3,Do you think the quantity beats the quality?
1,That's not good
1,The best movie! Lord of the Rings, but the Orcs are so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so, so
1,There's a lot of empty carts. a despondent film
1,It's not fun. It's the height of boredom
5,I watched it today and it was fun. The end part wasn't good enough.
1,to put in one's oar
1,-_-;As the reservation is closed, it's not very...
1,It's so good. ^^ It's really good. Ditta is good. It's the best
1,a typical Hollywood movie
1,The movie is too long.I was dying to go to the bathroom.
5,..the best movie of the 21st century! This is the first and last battle scene in my life
1,I'm sick of it
5,The best movie to remember forever!
5,It's a disappointing third episode for me, who was touched by the first and second episodes.
4,FANTASY must not be compatible with me. My eyes are happy, but my heart is not crying
5,A movie that I want to watch again!
5,I'll see you again in January.
2,It's not fun...Old Boy is more fun...
5,Run out of the theater when you are most touched and have fun.
5,I don't know if it's going to come out in the future.I feel an orgasm beyond excitement.
5,A movie that makes my heart race to watch again
5,I really enjoyed watching it for over 3 hours!
3,Was it a movie? Why is it 199 minutes? Outside site is 210 minutes.
5,It's starting to show up early this morning on the Internet sharing site.
4,The Lord of the Rings is back. And the king returned.
1,My movie
5,I like SF very much, but I have never seen such an interesting movie
2,I don't like it
5,I haven't seen it yet, but watching the trailer, I think it will be as real as the first and second episodes.
6,It will be released tomorrow.
1,Why aren't they showing me the video?
1,Harry Potter is the best...
1,I'm going to the army on the 15th.ㅜㅜ This is unfair
1,FANTASY doesn't do much on Christmas
