러브 앳
6,A story that's not likely. So what's the conclusion?
5,It's a good setting in a melodrama, but the movie doesn't make it as good as you think. In particular, the process of a man's love with a woman is not entirely immersive, so there is no emotion from development to ending.
1,It's corny... The story is obvious, but the ratings were good, so I was surprised because it was childish I liked Namjoo's friend because she was cheerful.
1,You need to understand when you go to fantasy, but there's nothing... There should be desperation or fun.It is not easy to succeed unless it is a framework like "Somewhere in Time" or "Family Man."
6,It was not easy to empathize because I couldn't forget the male protagonist who was outstanding in acting but was arrogant.
2,I watched it in the middle and came out. I was tricked by NAVER rating. It's childishness itself.It's better to read another book at home with a cup of coffee and bread than to watch this.It's like a romantic comedy that middle and high school students see.
2,The story development is so boring that the score is weak.
1,There is a problem with French movies What's the beginning of the movie and the end of the movie?I'm annoyed. I'm going to use it, too I thought there was a twist in this movie, but it's not a twist, but it's not a twist
1,It's ridiculous that this is 10 points.It's about 4 points. Take a look.an immediate acquaintance
6,There's something more important than your identity
6,It's a French movie, but the host is Hollywood?
2,
6,
6,There's a boring part in the middle, but it was funThe scene where I love the female character and the male character was pretty Romance is definitely a foreign movie
6,Can I really fall in love twice?
1,I really hate French.
6,I enjoyed watching it, but I only thought that Namjoo's personality was too selfish.  A friend who's devoted like Felix. It's good as a friend, but if my husband gives it all to him while he hears "Ddongtong school teacher, ping pong jin dda" and gives it to him, I'll tell him to cut it off right away
6,I only screened CGV, so I went to Incheon Juan branch and watched it, but why is the rating high? Not to mention the ending -- I didn't really enjoy watching the movie. I don't understand why you're playing it so high because it's a romantic movie after the Christmas season. I definitely don't recommend it. It's not fun. 5 points is enough.
4,It's just a movie from her first generation, which is childish and bizarre, starting with the scenario video written by Nam Joo
4,I trusted the reviews... Some couple went out in the middle
5,It's hard to relate to...
4,It's so obvious that it's not fun. I almost fell asleep while watching it. It is not very realistic.
5,Get out of here before you see the end
4,One star is for those who saw it together, and the other is for Felix.
1,All I could think about was popcorn
6,Love at Second Sight
6,The story is childish...
6,The movie itself is very sloppy. Even considering it's not a SF movie. Thanks to Olivia's appearance, I didn't doze off and watched it until
6,The video quality and the song were good, but the story was disappointing compared to the material
3,What about the wife who was in the world? What happens to the real wife who sacrificed her life? Are you still living a pitiful life? What's with the ending?
1,I thought I was reading comments for 10 hours. I hate it
1,Are you kidding me? LOL.O
5,It's a bit different. But it's still plain
6,It was just worth watching.
6,I don't like romantic comedy, so I slept in the middle
1,Why is this 10 points?
5,I fell asleep from the middle
1,Uwwwish-디D-Sing
1,It depends on how you see it, but it's not fun so the movie that came out in the middle
1,the worst of it The scene doesn't continue naturally and there's no probability! In short, it's the worst!
1,You're the best ^^^^ Totally!
2,A pretty music video. Do you have to watch a movie?
5,Anyone would fall in love with the back of playing the piano.
6,
