콘택트
1,These are really irresponsible ratings. I'm going to look for your ratings and movies, but later people don't think about it?You could have enjoyed watching Interstellar, but you didn't just understand that it was a good movie, did you?No, he's just a Hongdae soldier Do you feel that I look more handsome when I wash my past masterpieces? Or is it really because of religion? Struggling with the reality that the more science advances, the more we have to deny God? That's why you talk about warmth in SF movies, right? Conscientiously speaking, it is far fetched that it is better than Interstellar. This movie is the beginning of Interstellar, meaningful, nothing less
2,Wow, it's so boring ㅠㅠ I've never seen such a boring space movie before. It's good for your mental health if you don't want to see it
6,What is the basis for 95% of the world's population believing in God?
5,From the beginning to the second half of the movie, I became curious about alien civilization and the interpretation of the signal that we don't know, but the end of the movie is a religious story. It is concluded that faith is invisible and scientifically impossible to prove, but it must exist. It's all good, but it's a pity that the Jodiffoster has to go at the end and comes out as a non-scientist and an empty-headed woman while shaking.I'm sure you've been practicing a lot of scenario questions and determined to meet the aliens, but the bottom line is who are you? I come back without even asking.And when I get back, I don't know anything about my experience, even if there's no evidence, I don't know how to explain it logically and systematically, and I don't know nothing ㅠㅠ It's like this.I don't understand why he went, and the alien signal is meaningless. I don't even know whether it's Vega or not in the space, and the audience feels like they've been stabbed in the back. Although there are emotional aspects like Interstellar Anne Hathaway, this movie would be understandable if she showed a little bit of faithfulness to her mission and purpose as a little bit. In conclusion, an ordinary woman who knew nothing was just whining and asked him to win because she wanted to go, and he sent it to me, and the review after he went and came back said, "I don't know anything."Then he trembles and weaves tears. He is the main character of all time trash. Rather, "The Moon" and "Contact" make me realize that the screenplay is a much better movie. I recommend looking at the context rather than looking at the contact.
5,Remake Contact is a much better movie than the original.I recommend a remake rather than the original.
1,I don't think it's a masterpiece like Interstellar, but without the movie, there would be no Interstellar I agree with the extent of course
6,Maybe it's because it's a 1997 movie, but it doesn't feel like it's possible to watch it in 2020... Like "Ppong" or "Ama's Lady," this movie was a hot topic in 1997. It felt more like a political drama than a science fiction movie like Interstellar.
6,I didn't feel interested until the middle, but at the end of the hearing, the main character said this movie's point 7.25
6,Who watched the episode on EBS on July 19th?
6,Moderate immersion, but not much fun, just plain, typical of old movies.  You don't have to look again.
2,Honestly, I'm sick of it. It's boring.
2,There are so many useless scenes
6,It's a total mess. The director has no sense
6,a religious promotional film What's a masterpiece? That's too obvious
2,I dozed off because I lost track of time. A movie that's so boring that I fall asleep.
4,It's hard to understand why you're praising it like this. Because of the wormhole? Because the description of the universe was so good that it was almost a shock? I understand that, but more than that, it's hard to relate to.
6,Personally, Interstellar won
5,Even considering the times, the development is very messy and unlikely, which is very annoying. The entire process of building an airship has been deleted... The process is years at the earliest. It is just suitable for raising the number of audiences who are roughly ignorant of science.
1,No One and the Daily Movie
1,You're right.
1,A movie that you can see as much as you know... I don't know anything
2,It's not fun. It's really not fun
1,Are you kidding me? After all, I'm going to teach many countries one language and say, "You all use this."Harmony like that? Harmony? Ugh... John 1 is not good enough...China's capital must have gotten a lot of money, so the United States of America?OOO LOL
1,I'm bored, but I just threw away my test scores because I thought there would be something
1,Did you go to space for 18 hours to say something boring and boring? After finishing the conversation with a few words, I watched three or four cuts of the space scene and it was beautiful. Is it over? I can't deny that it's a good movie in that era, but I want to give it a zero point
2,It's fun for people who don't recognize these trash movies as trash, but people who know them know
1,a rare trash missionary film
1,Even with excessive imagination, science should be rational and appeals to illogical sensibilities, making it uncomfortable to see from the second half. Appeal to sensibility after asking numerous physical questions. Perhaps he's lost in mannerism, but most of Jermekis' masterpieces are sentimental, and it's only up to Forest Gump
2,The video is pretty, but I was bored and forced to watch it. I guess it's not my type
4,Woojoo's screen time is too small And if you look forward to it, you'll be disappointedI don't think there's a movie that can compare to Interstellar
3,Honestly, it wasn't fun. I want to blow the crap out of the guy who said he was like an interstellar
6,A movie I don't know why it's famous. It's just sf
1,It's a story without meaning or restraint...Just don't look.
1,The movie "Squid Pound Octopus Fishing." A low-skilled alien accidentally stole a high-tech spaceship and flew into space and passed by the Earth for a very short time, and humans were like "Squid."
5,Yes, this movie is like a poem.I think I will be disappointed if I see this movie expecting SF or some answer.
1,In a word, below expectations. That's really
4,This movie doesn't know what to say. Religious stories that do not come out well in SF are also not convincing. The movie seems to be telling you to believe in your ideals, but it's not my cup of tea at all. It is also unreasonable to argue with a woman in the latter half. Strange? We live in reality. You may want to escape with this movie.
1,There's a reason why the ratings are so high...Is it a religious promotion using a movie?
3,Of course, the heroine was very good.However, Interstellar was difficult and profound, but it was fun and not boring. But this movie is about me pooing, huh? Did you pee with me when I pooped? That's what I felt I don't know what's amazing about the reviews
3,A scientist who believed in science without believing in God met a civilization in Vega Province as if he had experienced heaven and God, and returned to Earth to value the faith and faith of religious people who do not have data. It's 18 hours of recording, and it's just scapegoating.
1,It feels like I'm going to a weird place
4,Are you saying it's just a spiritual alien movie? I went to heaven
1,I'm disappointed by the good rating.Scientific proof... In the end, the line that the heroine said at the end is disappointing. I feel like I'm defending a religion. Looking forward to science and the universe, these are the frowning results and lines
1,I'm getting so many Christians. This is a commercial movie. Can you call it a book of evangelism? You're so mean. I watched it until exactly half an hour and 15 minutes, but the story is still not as advanced as the movie introduction... I'm giving up
5,I feel a bit uncomfortable.It's a bit
1,I want to report the guys who gave me 10 points. It would be more fun to read a science book carefully. It's 3 hours less than paid down
3,From the middle of the day, the movie lost. Disappointing.
1,It is right to read Cosmos once more in a time to watch a movie that is not sour.
5,I trusted your rating and saw what you were talking about
1,It was the least fun out of all SFs
6,The movie itself is fine. The production isn't bad either, and the immersion level is good. If you don't have much interest in science and religion, or if you don't have a firm opinion, it's a movie that's worth watching. a contradictory film in which the theme of the film is harmony and harmony.
1,It's boring. It's not fun an old-fashioned movie
5,There's a sense of boredom in the beginning, and I can't think of a movie that didn't meet my expectations
4,The main character is a science class that thoroughly concludes with evidence. In the movie, the main character was made to have no evidence, and what's more annoying is that 95% of the the theistic people made the main character lethargic, saying, "Trust us without evidence?" Christian movie, yuck.
1,a ten out of ten movie from a religious point of view Never a science sf movie that is popular these days like Interstellar Martian. It's just a religious movie
3,Story. I thought you were watching a long drama. It wasn't fun
6,The ending of the movie is a scene in which the main character, who is driven into a corner because there is no evidence to prove his experience in the wormhole, finally understands the religious man himself and hugs him. There was evidence of 18 hours of video, but it didn't tell you. Is it the agnostic religious view that confuses the church with science and confuses people?
6,6.7 (10 character limit)
5,It's a frustrating movie. It feels like I'm not organizing after a round
6,Maybe because I thought about the SF space movie and watched it with high expectations, I watched it without any interest.
5,Watching the movie didn't solve the fun and curiosity I wanted. I gave him something that made him curious, but he didn't get it back There are bound to be a lot of interesting elements in the topic itself, but it was a finish that had no impact to boost the synergy.
1,I usually enjoy watching it, but this isn't right
1,a Christian movie  In the end, he used science to preach to the audience, saying, "God cannot be proved, but it exists, why would 95 percent believe in God? You, a minority who doesn't believe in God, are foolish."
1,That's a lot, too. It's 10 letters
6,The role of the heroine is frustrating from beginning to end. I hope it's enough
4,This was not a reality, but a magic that could only be seen in the main character's dream. The reviews were generally good, so I was looking forward to it, but honestly, I'm disappointed
1,I was disappointed because I had high expectations
2,Why is this horrifying and shocking? It was just for killing time. Interstellar is way too much
2,JUN with more than 9 points. Everyone, come out.The rating and the director, Juyeon, and NEMVELLU...Two hours to pretend to be profound because it's grossly boring.Everyone's going crazy pretending to have a good eye.
6,A movie that doesn't show the answer but gives a realistic sense of immersion
6,Shouldn't we have re-experimented with the cost and time it takes to hold a hearing?
1,I do not agree with the opinion that it represents both theism and atheism and harmonizes them properly. The claim that the theist is 95 percent of the entire population is a lie that secretly drives the atheist to the minority. Also, in the end, the main character's actual truth cannot be explained by science, which is to give evidence
4,Considering that it was made in 1997, I think it was well made, but almost 20 years later, it's still childish and uninteresting
1,It's so boring.
6,The touch of the universe is short and strong, and the boundaries between science and faith are long and heavy
1,There is no least rationality in the plot.
1,an infantile film It's just a movie that uses human imagination in a sour and childish way. I'm just surprised you got a grade of 9 or higher for this jerk
1,It's not fun as if you're all from the Paleolithic era
5,Isn't this a question that anyone can ask? So what? What do you want me to do?
1,Honestly, was it Hans or old man Bba-bak? Is it just an old movie and it has a high reputation? I enjoyed watching Gravity and Interstellar, but contact is valued like this.I think it's an old movie and give a rating
1,Interstellar is so much fun...For me, it's my favorite movie, so people were looking forward to it, but I don't know if it's because I was looking forward to it. 17 years ago, it would have been awesome, but personally, I don't think I can relate to much...
6,SF's highest point, which was completed in 1997. The best movie of my life
1,It's not 1 point, but the score is too high, so I'll give you 1 point. It's just distracting and boring
4,What a disgustingly spiritual film.
2,Who said this was funny? OO is so different from the boring imagination and I don't know why I watch it except when I go into the black hole
1,Garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage
1,This is crazy. This is a crazy movie
4,You've made a big deal, but you've achieved nothing.
1,It is boring. I have to waste two and a half hours to see the beautiful five minutes It's a beautiful movie to keep in mind that it was made 16 years ago
1,I'm disappointed as much as I expected. A profound examination of the debate about God and science? I was expecting something like this, but it's just a science fiction movie. The part I wanted to say in the movie seems very vague, and it ended in a vague way without any message. Why is this movie rated so high?
1,I really enjoyed watching it a long time ago, but when I saw it again, it was a poor work. Maybe I should have looked at Explorer again.
1,The rating of 9.22 tells you the level of Naver's rating, so make your own judgment. (It's better for mental health not to see atheists.)
6,It would have been sensational if you watched it at the time of release, but it wasn't that fun because you watched it in 2013
6,She's 95 percent daydreaming. a great waste of time
5,Religion, science, and philosophy seem to be talking a lot, but it is not more than we know common sense. It is a film that tries to convey a lot of information and thoughts, but reveals its limitations as a film that has too much appearance.Relativity? That's a theory, not a science.
5,One more person would have solved all the scientific questions.
1,It's a long way off.
1,It's empty, empty, I feel empty. So what do you want me to do? There's no lesson, no fun left.Maybe you didn't understand the movie, but I really thought it was a movie that left nothing behind.
1,What a disappointment. Ellie's abandonment of her scientific attitude and clinging to the unprovable is more of a read-through. It cannot be denied that Ellie eventually resorted to sensibility rather than science, even if she dressed up with any rhetoric and pulled Carl Sagan. I can't believe this kind of work has a rating of 9 points.
1,Those of you who are looking forward to the high ratings...I'll say this. NAVER's rating is unbelievable.
6,Is this fun?
1,It was so boring... You don't have to watch it before you die. Spring
5,More than I thought...
1,I got a really high score... This is... It's not logical, it's not mysterious, it's flow-free, it's disorganized... Ha = 3 I'd rather do moonlight gymnastics.
1,The rating is too high. I'm sleepy. I can't get myself together
5,The rating is too high rating.
6,Anyway, this movie is like sentimental mysticism in the mask of science.
3,It's not that fun...It's boring
2,The confrontation between science and religion is like a quarrel between a doctor and an elementary school student. Both are right, magnanimously.
1,Luck and coincidence are just the result of causes and processes. I believe in science rather than God.
5,Well, it's worth watching. But this feels like a science fiction novel recommended by elementary school students I shouldn't have added romance
1,a very cheery film that showed the climax of a Christian trick
5,Christian movie pretending to be SF. After watching it, it was really unpleasant.
1,a highly Christian film with no clear solution to rationalize Christianity
1,The ending is so lame and childish, and the actor is annoying
1,An obnoxious movie, especially the hearing scene.
3,What if the movie was too frustrating and not neat and left more mysteries?
1,He's got a high rating. There's nothing left. I don't have any lingering feelings. I'm not touched -_-;;
6,It was really boring...
3,I can only remember talking for an hour in front of the idiot computer. A movie that was too boring for me
1,Is it because I'm looking forward to it? The end of the big deal is a matter of supervisory competence.
6,In the movie, 95 percent said they believe in God, and 190 out of 200 people here have good reviews I'm only 5%
1,I don't like it
1,It's not the end.
1,It's such an obvious character, world view, childish movie that people who don't usually have a universe view will enjoy
6,a ridiculous movie
6,I didn't see a proper person in the movie considering the intellectual level.
6,It's a fantasy.From beginning to end...
6,I was personally so bored to deliver the message.
1,If it's a SF movie, just show me SF Don't mix things that are similar to philosophy
4,The ending that stimulated my imagination was so good. But I couldn't help the boredom in the beginning
6,High scientificity, but lack of realism, such as political upheaval, creates a sense of rejection
1,It's like a kid's movie.
6,God or science, it's long
6,A movie that asks a lot of questions
4,I think of this as a comedy. I give a nice shot to the audience who expected the appearance of aliens
1,The material was good, but the front part was too boring to show the end Fooled by the rating
1,I was very disappointed when I went to the outer world.
3,It's not funny
4,It's normal.
1,A movie that unfolds and ends in a religious, not scientific way.
5,There are questions, but there are no answers
1,A movie with no end...
6,I don't think there was much to it.After watching it... What's this feeling that's left?
5,Others say it's funny, but I don't like it
5,I was tricked by NAVER's rating. I don't understand why you put it like this. Well, I didn't like it.
5,I didn't like watching movies just for fun.
5,I don't like it. It's a man in his 30s
6,It's hard to be remembered as a masterpiece It reflects the times
5,If you want visual, I don't recommend it
6,Something is lacking...
5,What? Why is it so boring?
5,Bored
5,The rating is really high.It's boring, it's nothing.
6,The overall score is too high... The content development was a bit boring.
1,This is... I have nothing to say ;; I feel like I got hit on the back of my head by NAVER rating.
6,The movie is clumsy.The main character is also clumsy.The content is not good enough.
2,Early and mid-stage, but a very boring ending...
4,It was so boring the whole time. Why does it end in vain?
1,Too much religious color... I had fun watching it, but later when I smirked, I watched it. a missionary film
1,It's never a touching movie... ...and there's a twist... ...and don't be fooled by the ratings
3,Boredom
1,Eight points are appropriate-- The least comprehensible movie of all 9 points
6,The movie is fun, but the main character is really angry
1,The most boring movie for more than 9.00 movies.
4,It was just like that.
6,The movie that ruined everything in the last half hour
1,If we saw each other 10 years ago, it could have been fun
1,In my mind, the ending was a bummer and I was bored in the beginning, so I got 8 points, but I wanted to cut the score
1,I had to watch it because of the Science Day event. Don't watch it If you like;if you do not mind
4,I'm curious about the ending. I've seen it all, but it's definitely a bubble
4,Don't look if you can.
6,At the end, I was annoyed that I didn't know
1,It's a movie with a rating of 7 that's just trying to teach you a lesson.
1,Good
6,I don't know what it's about at first Suddenly dating -_-
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
6,It expresses all of my curiosity. I got goosebumps when I went to Vega Castle.
5,I forgive my snouty teacher who plays this movie every science class with my generosity.
2,좋아요.
5,Hmm... The emptiness of the dust...
1,Shouldn't movies be fun? It's just boring...
4,Insulted Carl Sagan. What do you expect from Hollywood?
1,The worst unbecoming romance, picked up by a false science, unrealistic story
1,I watched it because it was fun. It's an obvious story. Far from being moved, it's so obvious.
1,I thought it was science fiction, but it turned out to be a touching movie... It was boring
1,It's really not fun...a waste of time
1,It's not funny --) I need to lower the rating
5,Hmm... Is it just me?It was a crowded movie that seemed to be seen
4,The Outstanding Storyteller, Zemekith.Full of the director's eloquence and love for creative sublimation
6,Was it because of the NAVER rating? I can't believe it. I feel empty.
3,A forced-fitting scenario...
3,Stuff story development and forced touching - ..-; only fresh material
5,The story was fresh... I wasn't impressed with the fun...Is it just me?
2,It's good to watch, but it's very boring
5,It's cliche and empty What is different from other movies?
1,The rating is so high that I'm going to cut it...................
5,The rating... Why is it so high?
3,I really don't think it is
1,Let's lower the rating. A movie that is disappointing as expected. Boring and obvious story
3,I don't know what's funny... --;; Don't expect too much from the score
1,Throw it out.
5,I didn't like it.Imagination is worth mentioning, but...
1,I think you're trying to say something, but it's too hard --;boring
3,an unfunny piece of work It's hard to have fun unless you're a religious person.
1,I watched it three times because I was bored, but I fell asleep in the middle and failed.
2,I don't believe in NAVER ratings anymore.
2,Serious scientific error. It was painful the whole time I watched it.
1,Kill me
5,The female lead's acting was good, but in terms of content...
1,When I saw Eight Villows, I found out that the Naver score was unbelievable
1,Sloppy Fantasy Beware, Jodie Foster's Over-exaggerated Performance
5,If it weren't for the awkwardness... It would've been okay.ㅉㅉㅉ
3,I trusted the ratings of netizens. What is this?It's really not funny
1,Fall to the top 50 OOO movie
1,There are many other good movies.What do you mean 5th place?It's a catfish that's rated like a cow's milk.
1,This is more of a memory than when I was young
1,I'm not afraid anymore.
1,This kind of movie is 5th place
1,People who give 10 points to this kind of thing would rather watch the space war again
1,It's not fun
6,It seems like he's emphasizing religious beliefs.
6,I haven't seen the movie with Jody Foster since
5,Go to the end and reveal the limits of your imagination.
5,It's just...A cliche of humanism...Making them move with words...
5,I can't believe this movie is ranked 24 without the silence of the sheep.- HJ: Yes
1,Fooled by ratings. People don't know how to watch movies
1,I'm sorry to give you one point, but I'm bored
1,I'm sorry for giving you 1 point, but I personally think it's really sloppy.
3,I don't know, I think that's a good idea, but the ending?
6,Interesting theories were interesting, and other cinematic parts were lame
1,I have nothing to say...
1,10 movies, 8 movies, 1 jokbal, and 1 jokbal time.
5,Not much to see. It's not science fiction as if it's just a psychology
5,It's just a long running time.below expectations
4,Well...
1,I want to give you 7 points, but I think you're overdoing it without thinking
1,SF and romance jjamppong...What's wrong with Jody Foster's voice?You look like a man.
6,Is it because I don't like SF water? I don't want to recommend K-Fax!
5,I was in the first class... I was disappointed that I fell to level 2 and 3
1,It doesn't suit my taste.
6,I fell asleep while watching it.
1,"Namu Amitabul"!
1,What a waste of space!
1,I can't believe it
5,It's been a while since it came out, so I watched it and it was very interesting.Exciting ♡
1,It's just a waste of time
1,Is it a science fiction movie or a movie about believing in God?
1,Clinton! Ugh!
1,It was said to be the best movie, but throughout the movie, there are too many loopholes and contradictions.
