내 사랑
2,I skipped the process of falling in love a lot. And it would have been better if Ethan Hawk had taken away the scene where the heroine was slapped in the beginning. The slap scene was a bit shocking. After you hit me, one day you suddenly tried to scare me, and one day you said you couldn't have a relationship with someone like me, and then suddenly you got married.  Am I the only one who doesn't understand? crying
4,The story is so good, but it's about finding out why trashy men don't roll around outside
1,It was uncomfortable from the beginning to the end of the movie The acting was good and the story was real, so it was not a comfortable movie to watch, and if you expected a beautiful love story between two men and women like other reviews, it would be disappointing like me.It's not 9 points, but 1 point.
1,Wow, I'm shocked that there's someone who gives me a high rating after watching this movie. The story of a very, very poor woman who has been abandoned by her family and lives with a domestic violence, despite her beautiful paintings and beautiful music.  People who see this as a beautiful love story... What kind of life is he living? I think my mental state is a little weird
6,I was loved. The story of a woman who decided life and love entirely on her own
1,
1,I couldn't watch it for 30 minutes, so I couldn't take it as a romance, no matter what emotion comes out and what story comes out after I can't take it as a romance. The scene in which an adult man scolds a disabled woman with disabilities seemed very intimidating, and it was very insulting when the male lead told the female lead that you were more useless than this dog. What kind of romance is this? No matter what happens afterwards, if you can't see this place because it's like the extermination of human rights in Yeoju, it's you after me, dog, and chicken. If you don't get stabbed all night, isn't it a relief? It's like a poem. If you say a line like this, and you two do well, you'll want to hit the director, so you'll run away
1,Disgusting
6,The movie itself was good The translation of the Korean title is like a mistranslation I liked the video because it was pretty
6,Violence is unacceptable
4,A movie that is quiet and frustrating...If it weren't for the merit of true stories, I wouldn't have been touched
1,The acting is great, but the story itself is corny and typical. The story is about bringing a woman with a disability, treating her roughly, and then falling in love later on.  Lol it was uncomfortable and unpleasant the whole time I watched it. It's amazing that this movie has 9 points.
4,Why is the rating so high?
6,The acting and miseon were good, but the violent male character and the exploited female character made me uncomfortable throughout the movie.
2,I don't like this kind of thing. Men's abuse of sexual violence becomes clumsy love, and women complete love by enduring violence and abuse like a woman who is abused.Violence is violence, abuse is abuse. Let's live a simple life.
6,Sally Hawkins looks so pretty when she smiles. You're so good at acting.But I want to get one for the pot guy. I thought you were just a real actor
6,Namjoo changes her attitude when she makes money.Yeojoo's brother is a desperate female artist who suffers from trash men from start to finish.
2,A movie about a man who wields violence against an innocent woman. I like the visual and acting, but because of the story,
5,I don't watch the movie until the end, so I give half a rating. The moment Nam Joo slapped Yeoju, she turned it off. This is because I was not curious about the contents after that, and I thought it didn't matter what it was.
5,There's nothing about it. It's just that.
1,I want to break the human earthen pot that recommended this movie
1,People who say this is a life movie are people who don't use their brains while watching movies. Was this really touching? Everyone thinks that it's romance and that it's because it has a high rating. It's the original mode, but it's called my love. It's a Korean style. How can it be a romance? More about Mod's life, right? To mix rape and violence with romance? I turned it off because I got cursed at
1,A movie that made me feel bad after watching it for healing.The movie was very uncomfortable with a man's rudeness and I didn't understand why they loved each other
6,The two actors' acting was good, but the title is "My Love," not an error romance movie, but the story of a painter who blossomed his talent even in a strange life
1,Hey, give me one if there's a 0 point
6,I can't forget the ending scene when the door closes. The moment life is recorded as art
1,It's weird, boring, boring
2,This man's abusive, violent ignorance reminds me of Kim Ki-duk's films. Do you mean that if a woman is disabled, she should live with this kind of man?;;
4,From what I can tell, it was domestic violence
5,A movie that's going to be good or bad. A movie that's sweet and salty
1,To join forces in sports with others
6,If that's love, I won't love it
2,Is the rating for real? Are you saying I can't be the only one who can die?
1,It's a movie that I don't want to see even though Nam Joo is disgusting and the actor is handsome. I didn't know it was a real story, but at the end, it said it was a real story. Why do you live? You're really going to die!
1,Should Love Endure Insults?  I feel so sorry for the woman while watching the movie.
5,Like a beautiful picture of an uncomfortable woman and an uncomfortable man, Mode! Uncomfortable and sad!
4,Mod was happyIt was so uncomfortable for me to look at him, but it's cold to take all the money you got from selling pictures of the male protagonist's verbal abuse, assault, and sexual assault It's a crime. It's a movie about a heroine, a happy, innocent slave, a slave who can't say anything when he hits her and makes money
1,It's just like Kim Cheomji. It's a movie that makes men feel bad about "Macho" who can't do it in their lifetime but act like a tsundere while being sentimental when they' die.
1,In the middle and late part, they beat mode, cursed, treated like animals, and in the latter part, beautiful, pretending to be love, glorifying stories
2,Why is this getting such a high rating? I almost got cancer watching. I can't focus from the moment Everett hits the mode Why did you call it my love? mods and geeky ingans
4,How did it become love? I had a hard time understanding love. That's possible. I'm respected and loved both on the outside and inside.
4,A man who hits a woman relentlessly when she feels she's not good enough, and feels disqualified when she feels she's good, is this romantic and tsundere? I don't think so at all. Are we all used to such a coercive relationship that a man can slap his wife in the face?
1,I can't really relate to anything other than the characters' acting여I feel sorry for her
6,Their beautiful love story that looked a little boring
5,An inflated sublime felt behind the loveliness of any deficiency.
1,"It's a movie that glorifies violence with tsundere." I don't think this kind of movie should come out anymore
1,I just don't understand why the movie name is my love, a movie where men exploit women.
2,It's a zero-touch movie that glorifies men. Only the female protagonist's acting skills allowed her to watch the movie until the end.
6,Calm, touching, good acting...
4,It's a calm and good movie, but... Maybe because I saw it on the plane, my sensibility was dry, but I wasn't very impressed.
1,I think there will be a lot of likes and dislikes for the movie that is different from what I thought
6,People change. tearfully accurate
1,It was so uncomfortable to see the movie glorifying violence in half an hour, even Ethan Hawk could not overcome it
5,There were many uncomfortable scenes to watch and I felt like I was glorifying. Especially after the bashing scene, whatever favor he showed, he only seemed uncomfortable, but he didn't seem very romantic
4,It tells the story of an artist who worked as a folk artist, and only the painful situation given by the violent character was left in my memory.I couldn't even shake off the beautiful scenes of the paintings and the natural scenery.How did you change the title to my love?I was impressed by Sally Hawkins' acting skills
1,Violence cannot be justified.
1,Namjoo surpasses Kim Cheomji by 100 times
3,Isn't it my need, not my love?The painting is so beautiful, but the strange discomfort continues to the end
1,It's boring and I don't think I'm attractive to the main actors
6,Why is the Korean movie title...
6,A movie where disabled people live and paint in a stupid house
6,I watched it because of Ethan Hawk, and I thought that there would be this kind of love. Video music is good
3,The visual beauty was good, but that was all.
2,My heart fluttered while watching the movie. My heart was pounding with anger, not with excitement.
2,violent beautification
6,It's so-so. The drawings by Mode are pretty
2,Don't just decide on the title and the poster, it's about the life of a disabled painter. She is a wonderful and beautiful person, but I think it may be hard to sympathize with the couple's love itself.
5,Ethan Hawk was so sweet that the maverick Abrerett felt like the actor and character were being evasive and it was hard to get into character The movie is just a human theater format... But Sally Hawkins! Sally Hawkins is ridiculously adorable, so many scenes are memorable
5,It's a calm and memorable movie
5,It's not a bad romance movie. The story, direction, and video were not particularly special, but it was amazing that you could love someone as they are without looking at their appearance, personality, or conditions
2,It's not my love, it's a movie that fits the title of "Mode"
1,It's not that fun...
1,After the scene of hitting Mode, I saw Sandra from New York and thought they were falling in love. Friendship stories are more beautiful than love stories.
5,If there wasn't a hitting scene...I was so surprised It's not a beautiful movie. It's not a romantic movie. It's a real movie. Is it a scene that can't be helped?But it was one of the top two movies I watched this year The music is good, too
4,Music road love b.a.b.y baby
6,the great and noble life and love of an artist
6,I enjoyed watching it.
1,Worst movie in the 21st century. A movie with this kind of story
3,I held it in when I wanted to sleep, but the ratings are too high
1,I'm sleepy. When I hit a girl... I didn't want to see it
1,I don't know why the title is my love. The original is mode
5,Sally Hawkins needs to gain some weight.
6,I was looking forward to it, but it wasn't touching, and I thought of my parents
6,It was good, but there were some uncomfortable parts
2,Is this fun? Only the heroine is pitiful
6,It's aesthetic, but it's also a bit cliche.
6,I don't think the movie is as good as you thinkcrying
6,It was not bed.
5,I don't understand the emotional lines. Why are you two in love?
1,Why did I have to change the title to my love? A work that showed how violence is glorified.
1,I don't know why this is glorified as beautiful love, except that the Maud character was pure, pitiful, and lovely. It is not beautiful to see the initial man's verbal abuse and violence hit too hard, the profit that Modo sold was extorted, and the labor force extortion in the early on.
1,It's amazing that I get 10 points after watching this movie.
5,It's a movie where you can look into life calmly
4,I admit that I'm good at drawing, not love
2,It's a movie that suits your taste. Personally, it was so extremely calm that I was bored ㅠㅠ
5,It's more like a simple movie or an autobiographical movie than a romance. A movie that is good to watch while drinking warm coffee in the late afternoon of the weekend, although there is no moving or element
3,Hannam is also in foreign countries - what is desperate love and what is not to rationalize violent words and actions in the name of love?
6,It's just a movie to watch.
1,Uncomfortable all the time because of the male lead.
6,Feeling cheated by the nice packaging. It's not as impressive as a TV documentary. I would have felt sorry if I said let's watch it together because it was so quiet
1,Below expectations... I think the ratings are too glorified.
6,I don't know, maybe it's because the reviews are good and I've been looking forward to it. This kind of love is a beautiful love? That's what I thought
1,The movie is not fun either
6,It is a movie that shows both happiness and sadness at the same time. It's a love story that fills each other's shortcomings and a story of an artist
6,Although it changed gradually, I hated Namjoo for the first time
6,Nam Joo's amazing acting is based on a true story, but there is something uncomfortable about her behavior.Especially the title... I want to think about it.
6,I thought it would be melodramatic, but I'm a little disappointed
6,If the title wasn't for my love, I wouldn't have booked a reservation to watch a love movie.But it was nice to be in harmony with ART9 after a long time ^^
6,It was a calm and funny movie^^ Namjoo's character was frustrating, but her character won her life
6,Look forward to romantic romance
5,Mod's personality was beautiful, but to me, all the difficult art movies were beautiful and I was crying, so I thought I was the only one who was dry of emotion, but Mod was definitely not loved, but it was a heavy feeling wrapped in art
1,The worst movie I've ever seen this year
6,Through the movie, I once again felt that the freedom we enjoy was due to the blood that someone spilled
5,Due to moving true stories, clichés, hoops, and outstanding story developments, the sense of immersion decreases as the second half goes on. Proper casting (good match between real characters and images), acting skills, and realistic drawing style are positive factors.
1,Is it because the reviews were so good that I was looking forward to it?My heart was broken when I saw a heroine who didn't receive proper love.
6,an insufferable story I'm trying to make a cartoon out of force
6,It's a movie based on a true story. It's probably a touching story, but maybe because it was edited, the connection to the drama was a little weird. Nevertheless, I liked the acting and the beautiful background.
1,a film in which crime is beautifully wrapped up by the patience of a disabled woman
5,I think I had high expectations Rather than a beautiful and sad romance, I think I saw a story like warm emotional atmosphere and small happiness
2,I was watching and came out in the middle.I understand the scene where Nam Joo throws the heroine...
6,I like the acting of EdinhawkIt was a movie that showed a simple interpretation of love
1,It's ridiculous. I searched CG on NAVER and reserved it, but I couldn't go to Megafes and lost 19,000 won. I searched it in Yongin, Gyeonggi-do, and Sadang-dong, Seoul
6,The story itself is attractive and sad enough. However, I think it is a narrative that has failed to properly harmonize the story of Everett and Mod.
6,It was just like that. Reminds me of an oasis
6,Looking at Ethan Hawk's rough and rough acting, he must be old now. it occurred to me that
1,Half a star is a waste. Love glorifies all kinds of mental and physical sexual violence. I'm about to throw up.
6,I felt that love was somehow heavy
6,A movie that can be divided according to your preference.It was embarrassing to see a scene about the movie's random daughter, which flows calmly because there was no big incident or a double track in the movie, but the beauty of the movie was excellent.
5,The screen is pretty and boring as we go towards the end
6,It's calm and nice, but it might be boring because it's too obvious
6,It's too loose after the middle. He's sentimental for a guy
1,It's not fun and it's boring. It's annoying if you don't really like it
6,Well, it's been too harsh for a woman to handle. I wonder if Everett loved her. Just because you put a Chinese character on her and let her see your daughter once, violence can't be justified and dismissed as love. an uncomfortable but beautifully wrapped movie
6,It's a movie that people like and dislike. ^^It's a new thought that it was a true story.
6,Women's sacrifices are too much to make human beings.
6,A movie where you can meet the beautiful scenery and innocence with the main actor's emotional acting
5,I saw it because of my wife, but I was bored to death
5,It was so calm and nice, but it was kind of obvious, so it was a bummer.
1,It's so terrible in the beginning of men, and women are called sexual slavery.I came to see the trailer because it has a high rating and it's like a fairy tale, but it's a waste to watch the movie because I got a discount.
6,Bogey cried as he ran out spilling coke and sprinkling popcorn. I took off my top pants, panties, and everything else, and I took off my sound and panted.
3,The development was so sudden and I think it was sudden because I tried to put in a lot of things at once And it was uncomfortable to see because I exaggerated a female character
4,I liked the actors' acting skills and the color of the sky, but the direction of telling the story was not my cup of tea.
5,Ethan Hawk doesn't suit you!  The actress saved the movie! Ethan Hawk suddenly does a good job without any intermediate steps! What is it? A movie that makes you sad
1,That's not funny. Use your average part-time job in moderation
1,I enjoyed watching Ethan Hawk's acting. But it's an even movie like the feeling in the poster. I don't know how old the music is.   Even though I paid 1,000 won, my time was a waste. If you're a fan of Ethan Hawk, it's worth a look.
5,I don't know. They say the ending is too obvious and sad, but which part is sad? ㅜㅜ I don't think there's a touching feeling like me before you
1,The mode didn't hit the jackpot with the drawing. You must have been scolded for being a housekeeper for life
5,It was good. The hot summer love story touches my heart
1,No lines or scenes have felt beautiful since Everett hit the mode. Who and what made the Korean title come up with the Korean title.
1,Beautiful, touching, warm I was impressed - the outside/Ethanhawk is so cool - inside
5,I don't know why this is romance Mise-en-sc운데ne is beautiful, but the content is brutal and desperate, but it feels like it's being forced into a melodrama at the end
6,an unforgettable movie
5,I hit him so hard in the beginning that I was surprised.Why do you suddenly fall in love?
5,I felt constantly uncomfortable watching the movie. But I couldn't say anything at the last minute when I found out it was a true story. It's a heavy return that I've tried to assess their lives.
6,The story isn't so good, but the movie tells us that Ethan Hawk is getting better and better.
6,I want to go more like those two.  If only a man knew more about his wife's big seat.  If I had expressed more love...  A good movie for couples and lovers. But it's also boring
1,I don't know why the ratings are so high. All of a sudden, my head turned white, and the main characters are old, so it's not likely, and it's like a story from an old-fashioned. I don't know if I wanted to express the male character who is cold but why I suddenly fall in love while hitting him?
6,It's such an old story. It's a true story, so it's kind of touching. I don't like the way a man looks in the beginning
6,Sally Hawkins's triumphant performance glitters.
5,Ah... I need to listen to The One Love.It was a twist that the movie was based on a true story, but it felt like the flow of the production was being cut off, so it was too forced I was fooled by the score again
