영웅: 샐러멘더의 비밀
2,Oh no -- now that I've seen the ratings step by step, I've been tricked. What the hell happened?wtf
3,들People might think it's a box office hit. It is my first time to see a critic's rating of less than three. Kim Bo-sung gives him 0.06 points more than the critic.
1,This horoscope is not one. It's too much and too little, so much love for this movie is given a point.
2,There is no comparison between things like Clementine. Hero is the best movie in movie history!!! Kim Bosung's acting still left me traumatized to the point where I woke up
1,Hey, you scammers! Why do you want to raise the rating of a boring movie like this high? The highest score is to prove that you're an elementary schooler
1,Just a dog baby movie...
1,Haha... What is this...
1,Hey OOOs!
1,I was tricked by the rating! It was a paradox. It was so boring. Clementine came up as a related movie, so I believe it one more time and I'm going to watch it now.
1,We must unite to die, and we must scatter to live
1,It's never a point. Even an uncivilized person like me is so touching and beautiful that it's so masterpiece that I give you a point because I can't overcome my rebelliousness. If you give me 10 points and curse, you're normal
1,The loyalty of these dogs is good, but human time is precious!!!
1,Lukaku divorced a family of sports.
1,setukfddhjvddf
1,setukfddhjvddf
1,드루프투이그리
1,This kind of movie can never be made again.
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points
1,The ones who gave 10 points, like school meals or work cuts
1,You need to control yourself. Phew...
6,Don't be scared. It's better than you think.
1,I wanted to give you 11 points.
1,This is also a movie. It's a fake rating
1,I almost fell for it, you guys
1,You told me to eat it, but what is this?
1,Stop it, you crazy people
1,Ilbe's recommended manipulation...
1,1 point because of Ilbe.
3,I'm glad Noah isn't alive.  You can't put a movie like this in the ark. Kim Bosung, you're so generous.
6,How could a critic 2.94 and a netizen's 9.28 rating be this extreme? Even before I saw him, he was scared
1,Do you know that? If I just click View viewer ratings, the comments are zero. No one's watching, but loyalty...K
1,I was completely fooled by the rating!!! ㅜㅜ
1,Ilbe is scarier than Jungeun. Jae
1,Ilbe, go away! Really!
1,Sigh... old interest...
1,Let's live in common sense, ㅂ님.
2,I'm being sincere. This is a ball-paper pose
1,ㄹPlease don't--
1,I'd like to give you 10 points because of your age, but it's a failure for a movie
1,I saw this movie.It's my first time crying because it's such a waste
5,There's no middle. I'll do it
1,For justice in this land.
1,It's a movie that Ilbe raised the rating by shouting loyalty.Actually, it's around 7 points
1,최악의 영화!!
1,It's obviously a trash movie, but I think you raised the rating to make me watch it Like a scary house
1,I thought it was photoshopped because Kim Bosung's hair was too big
6,It was good until the middle of the beginning, but... As expected, as the second half goes, the coach seems to be the problem. It was a pity that the directing ability gradually decreased.
1,It's deplorable. I'll be a man of no loyalty.Investigate 1 point for a ridiculous movie review.
1,This is not a point. I want to give you 11 points
1,This is not a point. It's my expression of wanting to give 100 points and 1 point.
1,The TV program was not fun at the Sundae rice soup restaurant, so I happened to watch it while I was watching the movie program I almost threw rice soup on TV The person who made this movie should put it in the hot soondae gukbap that has just been boiled
1,It's a third-rate movie, but I got a rating
1,This is a third-rate movie. Just don't watch it
1,Are you kidding me? No matter how loyal I am, I am saying this after watching a movie. What a waste of 1 point! What a third-rate movie!
1,Did you spend all your appearance money on part-time work?I trusted the score...Are you kidding me?
1,The emptiness that can't be filled with nothing...
1,Are you guys serious?
1,Park Pyeongsik, are you a critic? You give me two points for this garbage. I watched it on Saturday evening because the rating was high, but I came to give it a rating after watching it for 30 minutes. Don't play around with ratings. LOL Loyalty is nothing
1,I think it's the first time for a movie that's not fun like this is the first time
1,It's a waste to give him a point. It's not fun to chew. It's not fun. It's not fun enough to lose all your loyalty. If you watch this at the theater, you'll vomit blood Lol that's not funny, give me a piece of loyalty. And don't play with loyalty. This one has a rating of 9 points
1,This is not a point. This means that this movie will never be in world history again!
1,Don't play with the ratings. You were tricked
1,Let's prevent the waste of national power
1,What? What? What are you complaining about?
1,Light the line and then the appreciation.Banjotter
6,This is a series of movies with a rating of 9 points
1,Other good movies could have taken the top spot
1,This isn't 1 point!  I want to give you 11 points!
1,Let's give him an honest rating.
1,Let's give him an honest rating
1,Please, let's not play with the reviews. I'm one of the people who've been fooled. Seriously, it's a waste of time, money.
1,Shim Hyung-rae: Yes, this is it!
1,You're talking about loyalty.
1,This is not a movie.
1,No sense of immersion. I turned it off in 15 minutes because of the boring smell. Is NAVER's movie rating a joke?
5,The guys who give me 10 points are still not even interested, so why manipulate them? ㅉㅉ
1,That's ridiculous.
1,Don't believe me. All the sad guys raised their ratings
1,I can't give up my loyalty, but I can't help my grade.
1,Whoo... Puppy Me ㅠㅠㅠㅠ No Answer Movie
1,Oh, the ratings... Stop joking around.Did you mark down other high-rated films including Titanic for putting up this Threk movie?Oh, my.
1,Think about why the critic's rating is low
1,a fraud created by part-timers and mercenaries
2,I give you 2 points overall.
5,Oh, my. Hamatu-Kim
1,....my time...
1,Crayon Shin-chan's day is spinning around and around~♪
1,It's worth watching this movie while shouting loyalty that you've never seen beforeBut why do you lower your ratings by coming to movies that are rated higher than heroes? You're really just playing golf
1,Are you crazy? Are you kidding me?
1,Loyalty and ridiculous movie!
1,I was tricked by a loyal movie.
1,I'm curious about the brains of people who gave me 10 points after watching this movie. Loyalty
1,Please don't raise the rating, Hatgarizan
1,If you have a conscience, you don't give me 10 points.A movie that's worth even one point...
1,I can't find the answer
1,Let's call it a day; I feel sorry for my descendants
1,I'm curious. Did you really watch a movie if you gave me 10 points?
1,There's no one in the world to trust.
1,Don't look at this, you crazy people
2,I was going to give you 1 point, but I gave you 2 points. Wow!
1,Oh my! Loyalty to press it wrong!
1,If Noah were alive, he would have put this movie in the ark. Don't make a mistake
6,I liked this kind of movie when I was in middle school.  As I'm getting older It's not fun
1,I didn't watch the movie, but I think I gave you a lot of points!Loyalty! Kim Bosung! I feel sorry for you. Stop teasing me^^
1,Let's stop...~~!
4,I watched it after the review, but I was completely fooled
1,Shuval, you got a rating I was tricked
1,The score is meaningless. Why do you recommend this?
5,Let's give him 5 points
1,The sitting duck stood up after watching this movie.
1,Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!~~~ㅠㅠ
1,Don't ever watch this crap movie
1,Look at the unity of the people
1,I don't recommend it. The content is not good.
1,Everyone, don't look at this as 1 point This is not 1 point, but a score that goes beyond the true score of loyalty
1,I don't know what's going onAmerican movies are the best
1,Movie reviews are no joke.
1,If God's greatest mistake was to create humans, then man's greatest mistake was to create and see Clementine and heroes.
1,I know the secret of this movie's rating.
1,(Singing "Wordplay")LOL
1,I'm sure Huxley was worried about this. Proof that George Orwell's concern was a quirk.
1,I'm going to clean up my GPA I'm going to clean up my GPA
1,Have a drink with Shim Hyung-rae.
1,This movie is like a first spring movie. My time is a waste
1,No movie beats Clementine.
1,I think I know why my GPA is this OO
1,How dare this dog thing terrorize the Titanic for this rubbish movie? I can't believe you're doing this
1,No matter how loyal you are, you can't keep your loyalty if you binge-watch it.
5,Honestly, you need to give me 5 points
1,Why on earth is the rating good.
1,I endured 1 hour and 40 minutes of loyalty.  The movie is third class.--ㅡㅡ
1,Ilbe, don't be sick. Just die.
1,The movie was fooled by the manipulation of loyalty ratings by Ilbechungs. The movie Titanic was terrorized by Naver's rating of 1 point and brought it to the bottom. a cancerous existence of a society that cuts through the sun
1,Hmm... I give it to you with a grain of salt...
1,Oh, my God
1,This isn't 1 point... I want to give 11 points.
1,After the advertisement, the taste of Birak Sikhye disappeared even more. Kimchi soup sensing, please wake up... Don't waste your life on ridiculous jokes, but be serious when you're serious.
1,There are a lot of disabled people here...It's all fishing.Don't ever watch a crap movie
1,I watched the movie after the evaluation. I got the score right.
1,Are you still fishing? That's terrible.
1,You bad guys ㅠㅠ You're playing with people like this
1,Why would I watch such a boring movie?
1,Too bad 1 point is the lowest.
1,The reason why this movie has a high rating is because of loyalty.
1,I got cancer after watching this movie.
1,One, one, one, one
1,Why is this in the movie rankings?
1,One point because it's ugly to take down masterpieces like Titanic to make this boring movie number one
1,I really don't want to work with you guys
1,I don't think this is right
1,The movie was really boring. Kim Bo-sung's loyalty can be a model, but I want to judge the movie seriously.
1,In my opinion, it is a movie for killing time with 3 to 4 points.The rating is so high that I give you one point. Live honestly. You little pricks.
1,I hope you don't have a poor victim
1,I'm so embarrassed. I've lost confidence in ratings.
5,with great grace
1,I think the rating workers should put them in the box and fire them...
1,Woof! Woof! Jackson and Woonji, too! Woof!
1,Is that why Kim Bo-sung and the director thought the movie was going to be a big hit? What was he thinking about when he shot the movie? I'm curious about the heads of B-class film directors.
1,This is not 1 point. I want to give 11 points.
1,A weekend audience of 59. The 59 of them will be the ones
6,It's not boring, but this movie has a rating of 9?There's something wrong with the Netizen rating, and the reporter and the critic's rating are correct
1,You watched this movie with your girlfriend?You must have seen it with your imaginary girlfriend.Why isn't there a minus on NAVER's score? I'm angry
1,There are so many people who play around with movie ratings...
1,It's not because this movie is poorly written that I gave a point It's the only movie that's ever been given to me
1,Loyalty! A great movie full of loyalty
1,I'm embarrassed, ignorant fools
1,What's wrong with everyone?
1,Oh, the smell... The smell...
1,I cry because I've been fishing for ratings. Loyalty doesn't matter
1,Half a star of loyalty!
1,A tremendous action on a great scale. And a huge 50 billion blockbuster where you can feel the heat!  the first film to succeed Clementine
1,Look at the level of crazy Korean movie reviews
5,I'm the only one who gave you a different score than 1 and 10 Ladies and Gentlemen!
1,Hyodor says he doesn't like milk
1,Loyalty. Dermerbanarijun
1,Scorpions are free, so they do it like a bunch of dogs, but the movie doesn't have a national audience. I guess it's a group of beggars
1,I gave you a star rating to test the dangers of ewu.
1,I love this movie Score manipulation out!
1,Looking at the level of comments, I think I'm going to get cancer
1,Was it on the show to promote the movie?
1,-_- What the hell are you doing?
1,Ratings. Why do people who give you 10 points give you that'The action wasn't that great, and your acting wasn't that great
1,The movie has a rating of 9.2 and a viewer rating of less than 2,000? When will Kim Bo-sung's "Ddongkko Show" be aired?
4,To be honest, it's this much ^_^
1,454654165+64 This is a mess.ㅜㅜ16464646
1,Are you serious about 10 points?
1,a movie too short for money
5,Compared to Clementine, a two-horse carriage with a nine-point rating on Naver's movie, it is interesting.It's worth watching until the end if you're equipped with loyalty.
1,I thought it was a movie that came out in 1990
1,Isn't it grand? LOL?
1,Kim Bo-sung's gorgeous Gao...It's disgusting to see...
1,I want to give you 0 point. 1 point is a waste
1,I just don't have anything to say.
1,What are you doing? / You're making fun of me
1,Based on the expert's rating... I think this is Clementine 2
3,Are you giving me 10 points to keep your loyalty? What's wrong with the rating?
1,I didn't really give a point, I just wanted to give it 11 points
1,I know the truth of this movie, so I give a rating of 1.
5,The novel composition and story were good, the casting was cool, and the Russian guerilla tactics were good. The problem is that the flow has been tangled up with poor production, making it an embarrassing 80s-style B-rated ninja movie! But it's better than Korean movies with stars and distribution networks on tightrope walking!
1,It's a ridiculous movie. Really
1,So what? Laughing
1,I was tricked. - I trusted the rating because you were secretary T. - Ah!
5,I didn't watch the movie, but I was surprised by the rating. If I get hit, I feel bad. I'll ruin it
1,Let's not play a game of rating. --;ㅡㅡ;
1,I've never seen such a crazy movie since code name writing
6,My point... Stop it, part-timers. There are a lot of movies like this because it's fun. Where should I cry? I thought the expert rating was weird.
1,I can't believe NAVER's rating.It's magnificent
1,This is not one star. I'm just sad that I can't express 6 stars.Ugh!
1,(Coughing)
1,a disintegrator
1,Let's not forget about other movies, so you're listening to them
1,Let's not touch Young Hwan
1,Hey, you crazy people. Stop itLaughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering) I'm making another Clementine
2,It's a third-rate movie! I was tricked because of the rating.  You can make ratings and flatters like this. --^ㅡㅡ^
1,Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal Bosung is not loyal
1,This movie is a mess. Why is the rating so high? The story isn't good either.I think it's Kim Bosung's work + Hyodor's. There is no content, and I was bored while watching this, so I passed it over. Milducks and chicken wraps are trying to watch this.There's no art in it is there.
1,Only look at Bosung's fans.  And don't look at the rest. I'm sick and tired of watching the movie all the whole time.
1,I have nothing to say...
1,A good example of trash Internet information
1,It's really not funny.I don't know what it's about.
1,OOOs
1,Loyalty doesn't matter
1,You're so loyal.
1,Don't play with me. Have a conscience
1,LOL I'm really angry. A movie that ignores Korea's special exhibition like this LOL
1,It's a movie that's like a caterpillar
1,I'll give you an honest rating. The people who gave me 10 points are sarcastically sarcastic after watching the movie
1,I wasted my time watching movies and writing reviews!LOL
1,A movie that promotes "Iluminati" openly
3,What is noteworthy about this movie will be the casting and investment.  It's nothing more than that.
1,The ratings... It's crazy.
2,Kim Bo-sung's acting is very forced and his Korean fighting scene is very impressive, so I give him 2 points
1,....a botched operation
5,If it's a comedy, it's good...
3,At least the supporting actors who appeared as special forces saved the movie.
1,Naver anglers are not only playing Clementine but also performing well in Salamander. Since I'm a righteous person, I thought it was a comedy movie. Honestly, you should have noticed that the genre is comedy when you see Kim Bosung's face in the trailer
6,What kind of action movie is so boring...
1,It's a waste of my eyes
1,Wow... It's quite embarrassing. The characters are so serious. What an original comic like this.
1,Why isn't there a zero point?
1,Without loyalty, I'm a dead body!
1,It was a movie where the comments were fun with Clementine. That's enough. Supporting actor shouldn't win the best actor award
1,Let's be honest
1,Na Won Cham...
1,To be considered loyal, I cry with my fist!
1,I want to say that the special lecture on EBS CSAT was a movie that made no sense when I went to the theater and watched it standing up for 8,000 won ^^ He's so loyal. I thought Hyodor hyung would show us Sambo. I watched it until the end, but I want to terrorize him
1,Stop being fooled
1,the worst
1,Eww
1,You dogs!
1,I was going to give you 5 points, but I'll give you 1 point considering fairness
1,There are 10,000 OOOs
4,I came here to read some reviews and there were so many lipsticks. Is it really fun? I was thinking about it and saw it myself. It's just a waste of time.I think Kim Bo-sung might have invested in this movie. It's not a visual that will come out, but it takes up a lot.
1,Young people in their 20s.Let's keep the rating for healthy cultural people.
1,The stars and colors scored something
2,Commission to rate correctly
1,Make sure you get a perfect score I downloaded it a long time ago, and today, Dabom! the worst
1,You guys are overflowing ㅠㅠ
1,The rating is too high
1,It's full of part-timers
1,No matter how many times I do it, you guys are so...
1,It's a movie that makes people talk nonsense. A movie that proves that NAVER's rating is a mess. You can guess the percentage of people by age. It will be 16% for teenagers, 53% for 20s, 21% for 30s, 10% for 40s, and +-3% for errors. Cut it out. You junk.
1,Stop fishing Jeppal
1,Everyone who gives 10 points is a fisherman.
1,What's this--
1,Phew...
1,Do people who giggle while being loyal know that doing this is a disgrace to the movie?
5,It's a movie that's close to boring, but why is the rating so high?
1,Manipulate with 10 points
1,Is this a movie, too?Of course, I didn't watch it lol
1,I'm going to give you 1 point. You're logging in.
1,This is not the case
1,What are you talking about?
1,Rating: This is not right
1,I'm the grade shield
1,I like Titanic Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,I didn't see it, but you found loyalty in the bloodbath, but you're loyal here you are. It's definitely me
4,Out of the blue... I'm reading a poem
1,I'll show you how loyal I am! That's a zero point!
1,Do you know the story? I hope there's no one who looks at the ratings. All the staff members are here to film this. I don't watch movies.
1,Is there a zero point? Are you happy to be loyal to you?
1,Why did they make this movie? What a shame -_-;;;;; a score of 1 is a waste.
1,This isn't it... You're hardworking people.
1,Loyalty doesn't matter.
1,My goodness!!!!!!!Why did I watch a movie like this?
4,loyalty,  fidelity
1,This is not gonna ruin the movie. Let's not stir it up with a rating, please
1,Paying for my movies... I'm crazy
1,I don't watch movies like this even if I don't pay for them
1,I want to take out my eyes and get a serious refund on my missing money a rating of
1,Are you commenting after watching a movie?
1,What a load of crap! Clementine's equivalent to a dog-fishing movie! Are you happy to be on the Internet?
1,A movie like Mundee's footbag. Why do you make this stuff?--ㅡㅡ
1,A comedy film of the century that brings laughter beyond imagination. Whatever you imagine will be more than that.
1,Bang! Let's score the movie properly.
1,Ten points are given because of the magnificent Ilbe children.I'll give you 1 point for Titanic.This movie has less than 7 points
1,Are you kidding me
1,Not funny
1,Well ...
1,K
1,Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Let's not do this
1,Kim Bosung, who is more awkward in acting than Hyodor
1,The movie is grossly boring
1,a movie that can never be seen without loyalty
1,How many part-timers did you buy?
1,It's not fun
1,Oh, my gosh.
1,You guys are trash that doesn't answer. Tsk tsk tsk
1,I don't think there's much to it.
4,Cold evaluation. Lack of explanation of who appeared suddenly. an awkward narration
1,in a trifling manner
1,It seems like a movie that Bosung filmed with loyalty.
1,I was tricked by the rating
1,Well ..
1,...a movie that fails
1,No manipulation
1,No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
1,Loyalty. Loyalty
1,I don't want to be serious by myself, but I hope you stop talking about your loyalty~~
2,I'd like to join in the "grace" but look at it from an objective perspective.
1,Give me a star
1,I gave you 1 point so that you can get 1st place on NAVER's movie ranking. Loyalty! Fighting!
1,LOL
3,To be honest, it is just unfortunate why Kim Bo-sung participated in this way, and in conclusion, I bought time.
2,I think I'm the crazy one who expected to be on some of the actors
1,It's not funny Stop it
2,He wants to pass on the corruption of a pharmaceutical company. Why did Bosung appear in a movie with action and clumsy settings like Hong Kong Noir?
1, 하느님 맙소사
1,People are so mischievous. You're so loyal
1,How did you spend 50 billion won?And what loyalty? Kim Bosung and others are brothers? Let's write the rating honestly. How many people have seen Solka at the theater? The cumulative number of visitors nationwide is 5,987. Don't mess with the ratings. Only the actors/producers become more miserable.
1,The pranks are really...
1,Eat this
1,Don't joke around
1,You're talking about loyalty and you fell for it
1,I believed in NAVER ratings and bled
1,Oh, my
1,No, these peoplelol
1,It wasn't fun, but I gave you a point because you're older -- you'll regret it if you pay for it, I got a free ticket and watched it
1,Don't be afraid of loyalty, and the movie was rated at 59 people on the weekend Because of this third-rate movie, NAVER rating is ruined, and this movie is trash
1,wtf
1,Wow, that's a great part time job.I'm impressed.
1,This is loyalty.
1,Oh, my
1,You'really!
1,Press it properly and give me a point. If you're so loyal, why don't you sell your phone and watch it at the theater?
1,I gave you 1 point because your hand slipped.
1,s
1,It's so funny even if it's funny... I can't believe it's 9.33. You need to use your part-time job. Show me how you can see your part-time job so obvious that you can't miss your part-time job at all that stupid part-time job promotion. How silly
1,Back vote because of the rigging
1,What's wrong with this rating?
1,Elementary students...
1,retard
1,regrettable, sad, pitiful
1,No more pranks!
1,It's a movie that's more of a tease because of the Ilbe trash
1,OO movie
5,A film that reminds me of Rambo, but far less
1,It's worth watching in the beginning, and it's getting boring. It's just a movie like that kind of movie...If you give it generously, it'll be about 6 points.
1,I'll give you 1 point because of you guys
1,What's this--
1,This ridiculous rating
1,The Ilbe trash... What the hell are you guys doing after a meal? You guys are so pathetic with your lives, you crap.
1,I feel so sorry for Hyo Road and Kim Bosung
1,have no loyalty
1,Oh, I can't believe this movie got 1st place in the rating
1,Oh, let's not joke around
1,There's a bunch of nerds who don't even know the English of the movie talking about their loyalty
1,This proves why Ilvenis are bugs.LOL
1,You're being loyal. How dare you judge a movie with that kind of loyalty? This is not a place made to play around with you, so play in a place that suits your level. OO, the level of the movie is well understood because the trolls are giving points with this tool.
1,Ummu hehehehehehehehehehe
1,What is it?
1,I can't give you zero points.
1,a rubbish movie
1,IlVenom, you're trying so hard. IlVenom's level is perfect for a trash movie
1,It's not fun
1,I can't believe this is the highest rating...
1,I can't help it for another movie
1,Stop the loyalty terror
1,Pathetic people...ㅉㅉ
1,Stop it, Ilbe. Pathetic Siri
1,Oh dear...............................
1,Don't go to the Titanic. Let's restore the Titanic. I need your back  I don't know about anything else, but I'll kill Kim Bo-sung's chaser. I can't even sing this song in the middle of my world. I can't fool the Titanic with a rating of less than 10 points
1,Don't go to the Titanic. Let's restore the Titanic. I need your back  I don't know anything else, but I want to kill Kim Bosung's chaser
1,Don't go to the Titanic. Let's restore the Titanic. I need your back  I don't know anything else, but I want to kill Kim Bosung's chaser
1,A movie rated by idiots with Clementine
1,Don't touch the movie, you people
1,I can't believe this is first place. I have to lower it
1,If this is a movie, Paris is a bird
1,- It's... - Awesome. NAVER's rating is 1st place
1,53% of people in their 20s... As I get older, I don't know what to do. I thought students would cut it like this.
1,ㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉㅉ
1,You should be ashamed of yourself.Oh, holiday caterpillar
1,Don't play with your horoscope, you crazy people
1,LOL One shot.
1,NAVER's horoscope ranking is ruined
1,Don't play around with horoscopes, you guys, what loyalty is dog horn?
1,I almost got tricked by you guys
1,How can so many people share the same reviews? Isn't it written by one person?
1,ㅉ
1,Please stop reading the lyrics
1,the worst
1,First class friends. Let's not play around with movie ratings.
1,Loyalty
1,Are you kidding? You're going to be loyal to the preview? It's an extraordinary piece of crap that's lost 50 billion won
1,Flapping, you guys!!!
1,Don't do that, you rock+I
1,I think I'm lacking in loyalty
1,Let's do it in moderation
1,My conscience refuses In fact, it was a waste to give one point, so I thought I shouldn't add a star.
1,Don't be fooled
1,There are a lot of weirdos.
1,Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,LOL 10 points or 1 point. It's obviously fishing. 10 points (part-timer), 1 point (normal person) Oops!
1,Are you kidding me?
1,I am not loyal. OOO is heaven here
1,Stop fooling me, colorists
1,What are you really doing? I don't think this movie is good enough to push away all the other movies;; I hate to see you play with words and cut down on other horoscopes and raise the movie ratings systematically
1,Ilbe's kids don't have parents. That's true
1,People who don't have any artistry, don't play pranks on movies like this I can't stand the sight of Koreans
1,I was tricked. Damn it.
1,What's the worst movie of your life?
1,...loyalty is loyalty //
1,It's overflowing
1,People who lost their stocks because of their age don't talk about stocks on TV
1,Kim Bo-sung. A masterpiece created by his excellent acting and poor leadership.
1,I don't know if people who give 10 points have any idea. Is it a part-time job? It's a movie that's a waste of 1 point. Can't those who have zero loyalty say anything to the people in the subway and the middle and high school students who are smoking on the street? Reflect on yourself
1,Is there no zero point?
1,I'm sorry! 50 billion won, Bosung! Fyodor's stranglehold is the best!
1,Three of you are going crazy...
1,This crazy movie cured my cancer.Hey, babe. How can you watch a movie like a movie?
1,Wow, these crazy women are coming all the way here. I'm going to report you, Bingsoo
1,Kim Bosung's electricity bill
3,Awkward acting. Revenge battle! What's with the 10-point score?
1,Vaccines in this movie?Virus? Loyalty? It's bland. It's blandI'm cold-hearted. Fun? Action? There's nothing!It's an annoying movie. What do you want to say? What do you want me to do?
1,This loyalty? Hmm. I really like the loyalty of men At the end, Max...But what about Kim Bosung?
1,Stop joking around. This kind of prank is a wound to people who make movies
4,Both Kim Bosung and Hyodor are good at acting. It's better than the Rambo series.
1,Stop it, you guys. It's so annoying
1,It's not fun
5,Crazy LOLWhy is Kim Bosung so funny on the poster? Is it a comedy movie?
1,It's not fun. It's the first place in Korean movie stars Why is it a waste of spring time? It's an academy-class horoscope. Part-time job manipulation
1,This isn't right
1,They are bugs that eat up the Korean film industry. Is this really the only thing you can promote? My part-time job rating is 9.3...  The critic's rating is 2.9 lol Let's compete with your skills. with loyalty
1,Why don't you guys do that? It's an explosion of surplus power
1,The part-timer took over.The rating is totally Academy Award-winning.But it makes me laugh
1,Crazy bugs...
1,Let's not play with the ratings.please
1,1 point for loyalty
1,안경 안경 Glasses, pigs
1,Because of your mischief, NAVER's rating is ruined --ㅡㅡ
1,ㅗ
1,Oh my...
1,What loyalty?
1,Loyalty
1,thoughtless
1, great, huge, immense, enormous, tremendous
1,You're good at part-time jobs now lol
1,Stop it
1,an inflammatory disease
1,There are so many part-time jobs
1,Trash movie...Don't manipulate the stars...
1,There are a lot of crazy people. It's a waste of 1 point.
1,Ilbechung is a real social evil
1,Sigh... I'm going crazy
1,--ㅡㅡ
1,--ㅡㅡ
1,Your part-time job is too much.The movie is just...It's not a movie with a high rating.
1,Part-timers, don't poo, the expert's score is two points, but why is the score 9.3... It's obviously Lee Young-hwan's dog.
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,Who is the boss of Wuhan?
1,I do OOs
1,Loyalty
1,Not in my country
1,I've seen a whole movie for the plot
1,Towards 6,000 viewers
3,It's like selling cheap ramen at a 7-star hotel restaurant
1,You're a great part-timer
1,The rating is so high.I forced Fyodor-type K1 scene in the middle, but I can't stand it Lol this rating is rigged... Are you going to be mad if you watch this at the movies? LOL
1,I can't believe the Naver rating, but it is a movie that will split the friendship.When lovers see each other, they will break up
1,Good, good
1,There's no score to give
1,This is...
1,She's so loyal.
1,Oh... A movie of loyalty...
1,You'really!
1,If it's a man, it's a man!
1,Don't look at this. It's not funny
1,a strange work
1,Let's not be loyal
1,들They're being loyal
1,It's... It's... It's... Song Kyung-won: Don't laugh hyung is seriouslol
1,He's loyal and has nothing
1,Just trash
1,a great deal
4,Why do you smile with so many posters?
1,Damn it. I don't want to give you a point.
1,It's high. It'
1,1 point zoom because the rating is too high compared to the movie. 6 points movie
6,A cold-hearted score for betraying loyalty.
1,Loyalty is nothing
1,No fishing allowed
5,You guys are so mean. Isn't this a group of men who value loyalty for their own fun and never harm others? It's really childish of people who won't say a word in front of him
1,Oh, my
1,shit
1,Phew...
1,This is why I don't watch NAVER movies Elementary school kids love loyalty. When war breaks out, the first thing they'll call General Kim Jong-un
1,OO trash movie
6,It's not as bad as I thought. It just looks awkward because it's a Russian movie with a bit of third-rate romance. Kim Bosung is loyal. I have a prejudice. It's better because it's not an American style Never-Die. The lines on the boat were cringe-worthy. Lastly, twist...Lol it's better than Rambo.
1,I'm coming out to stop the rating manipulationLoyalty;; Kim Bo-sung. Poor English skills?Trying to look like a tough guy?And the most awkward and clumsy tears in the world...Is that loyalty?Why is it funny when it's raining?Don't ever watch it...
1,What is this rating? I was really looking forward to seeing Hyodor until the end, but I couldn't because I was sorry that he kept cursing at the person who made the movie because he didn't see it until the end. If this is a rating of 9, Shinsegae or Room 7 is a million
1,You solved a lot of part-time jobs.The temperature of love movie ratings.The comments are filled with loyalty...
1,It's a total trash movie. Eu? Loyalty? Don't mess with me. I looked at the ratings. There's a curse word. All part-timers are executed.
1,Real loyalty is to watch the movie and then evaluate it. If you look at the reservation rate, loyalty is only through your mouth, so you get cursed at
1,Ilbe OOs
1,OO, don't be cheap
1,The trash that the five larvae raised their ratings...
1,Ilbe handicapped people, please
1,What does loyalty mean?
1,Men are loyal
1,I'm sorry I betrayed you(Crying
1,Kim Bo-sung's March 13 interview - unjust loyalty is not loyalty. Do you know true justice? You people who ignore fair evaluation are not loyal people.
1,I'll give you this much starsIn
1,The rating manipulation is a failure I hope you play fair
1,a film about loyal friendship
1,Loyal Kim Bosung who became the hero of Ilbechung
1,10,000 part-timers...
1,One point is not enough
1,It's not fun
1,Ah... I didn't know that Kim Bo-sung was the main character until the end. Almost the first ten minutes looked fine, and later... It's the last minute, so it's a mess. Just the guards.
1,What a waste of 1 point! This is the first time since multi-celled movie that is such a waste of money. Why is the rating so high, did you really see it?
1,It's so grand.
5,I'll go to 55me because I'm not left-handed, Oyu Seonbi, or Ilbechoong. Great!
1,Ilbe's level is
1,I have insomnia, but I fell asleep in 5 minutes after watching this movie ^^
1,Do you have the money to watch this movie? LOL Please leave a review after watching the movie. Don't eat ramen in the corner of your room, go out and eat something delicious. This has a national audience of 5,000, but the person who left a rating of 12,000? I'm just laughing. That's pathetic. Get a job
1,Loyalty doesn't matter
2,Loyalty
1,Don't do that. There's not much to do.
1,half
1,0 points go well with you.
1,Is this a ridiculous movie?
1,That's interesting... I heard that 5,000 people watched it at the theater, but the rating is 12,000 lol
1,Take one of Ilbe's. This is no fun
1,Stop it, you crazy people.
1,I'm going to catch up with three idiots soonSo far, it's been great, but it's getting lower and lower, and compared to Titanic and Terminator, the trash man is the movie
1,Don't talk about loyalty over cheap mischief
1,Ilbe is amazing. He's getting the first place Titanic out of the rankings for less than a dollar, and he's getting the hero first place. That's amazing. x2
3,NAVER B S's rating joke is too much. I thought I was going to die of irritation when I watched it with my mom. I usually like action movies, so I thought about the 007. Transporter and I was moved, but I was completely lost in the rating... Let's not joke around
1,Did you write a rating? Why is this more than 9 points? Shu-bal with a dog...
1,Please don't make such a stupid joke.Or don't terrorize other movies with horoscopes. What's wrong with that movie?My favorite virtue was loyalty, but now it's disgusting
1,Extreme Film, which imported the film, seems to be a company made by Kim Bo-sung. Or I can't explain why I imported lol
1,I can't believe it's a joke
1,drink one's heart out
1,Why are you going to watch this? LOLWhat a waste of money
5,Rating... It's my personal opinion, but I don't think it's true Look at his acting skills.
1,Something like this...
1,Get your lip off
4,I haven't seen the movie yet. The plot doesn't make me think of Resident Evil so bad. Is it because you don't like acting?
1,Don't do that, people of interest. It's fun to terrorize. I didn't watch it, but the movie companies are poor
1,That's a lot of part-timers. Honestly, it's not an 80's movie and there's no answer Turned off while looking at the computer
1,That's absurd.LOLWhat's the rating? You're a total gag.
1,--ㅡㅡ
1,You're making me miss you. Should I look at you as a boss?
1,Ugh.
4,Fooled. A waste of time.
3,I guess I used 10,000 part-timers. Kim Bo-sung's appearance +1 Pyo-dor's appearance +1... I can't give you more than 3 points even if I die.
6,.................................... (6<->9 points)
1,The real trash movie with Kim Bo-sung and Fyodor. The last line on the boat was just cringe-worthy and I thought I was going to die
1,You're so hardworking
1,I wish I could be loyal only here. Don't try to be loyal to other movies. Comment: A film that is twinned with the Clamentines.
1,John 1, I'm not cicada
1,Honestly, let's not lie. Loyalty is nothing.
1,Is it fun to just raise the rating like this? There must be a lot of people who don't know it's a joke.
1,I'll give you a hard time.
3,It's big, but it's
1,Loyalty is funny. Is it right to manipulate other people's movie ratings?I don't watch it even if you pay me to watch it.
4,a spate of victims
1,Don't be fooled. Oh, the scholars are manipulating the ratings.
1,It's a waste to give 1 point
1,It's trash just by looking at the trailer.LOL
1,The boss is a pooops
1,Do you need words?
1,Why did you give 10 to this?
1,Real loyalty is... No, you can do it!
1,I'm going to go with loyalty, but I'm going to fail with loyalty...
1,I'm so sorry.Seriously, the video quality, the video quality, the video quality, and I was fooled by the score
5,Lou Gehauer and Madsen.The two actors are supporting.Pyo Dol Juyeon? I don't know.It doesn't feel right.
1,There are a lot of unemployed people
1,Will you wake up if you lose 1.6 billion won because of courselol
1,This crap movie is 9.44? Do it, you punks
1,Look at the critic
1,ㅆㄹㄱ
1,I can't stand the score manipulation. I'm a pain in the neck and neck
1,I'm a fool with no sense of duty
1,It's not fun at all.
1,You guys are crazy; don't play around with the ratings of other movies
1,Don't trust netizens. Trust the critic.
1,I'll give you a point
1,What's wrong with people who watch movies after being fooled by this?End the fun by giggling amongst yourselves, you people
4,You guys are so loyal
1,Since it's a movie, 1 point. What's the point of being bossy these days? Yo~
5,Does it make sense that this movie has the highest rating among all movies?  I'll give you 5 points to be fair.
1,Since it's a movie, 1 point. What's the point of being bossy these days? Yo~
1,That's not funny
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,Let's not play with the ratings.Honestly, does it make sense that this movie has a rating of more than 9?
1,That's not fun.
1,The rating is very loyal LOL
1,One star... and the one who gave me one point is in his right mind.Five stars have become toys... I don't think anyone will be fooled by the rating... LOL
1,.Don't be fooled by your GPA. It's the worst movie ever.
1,Stop it, Ilebemi's first cousins. It's too much
1,You're a pro-North Korean
1,Do you watch this movie? I'm sure he watched it alone LOL
1,Well, Ilbechung is one... They're trash. So I can't help but get cursed at Please play on your site
1,ㅉㅉ
1,A dog trash movie. Don't ever watch this movie that I showed you and made you buy food because I'm sorry, and then hit the Agora lefties / pro-North Korean Oyu / Macho-Pyongyang people try to hook people up because of this, almost broke up with your girlfriend
1,I'm giving you a hard time
1,One point is a waste. Don't be fooled by the ratings... Is it fun? Loyalty... Stop it. It's not fun
1,What's this--
1,What's this--
1,Let's stop. I'm embarrassed.
1,A hero who can see the loyalty of the part-timers
1,If you pay me 10,000 won to watch a movie, I don't have to think about it, but you're going to watch something else.The audience is so loyal...K, K, you guys...LOL
1,How many people have watched the movie out of the people who gave 10 points? I'm curious. Let's say I've seen it.Then I saw it, too. I don't think it's a modern ten.
1,What is this?
1,ig
1,It's trash
1,It's crazy
1,Did they all take medicine? There's been a change in the whole movie's denigration ranking, and your lives aren't even worth a point, because that's what they're gonna do
1,The genre of the movie, the acting, the scenario is terrible, and as expected, it's like a movie made by an amateur with no tension. It's not worth mentioning the ratings
1,I mean, what is this? I really went to see the stars and said, "Don't incite stars." That's all I'm saying--
1,Loyalty makes you eat. Eunuch suits Heo Seok the best
1,The cumulative audience is 5,000, but the rating is 10,000...Lol such a rubbish movie. Kim BoseongLOLLoyalty doesn't matter
1,Loyalty is not fun at all. It's like 9 points
1,Who saw this? Don! It's B!
1,Do you give 10 points after watching the movie?I'm embarrassed that I'm going to go on overseas topics. Stop humiliating my country. Tsk! Give your loyalty to the dog!
1,You guys are so mean no matter what you do
1,The part-timers who even sold their souls...I'm crazy... I don't know how it ended, but trash...It's been 45 minutes...My girlfriend spends money and time on this kind of movie.If you saw a new world, it's a new world.--ㅡㅡ
1,somehow
1,1 point is a waste...It's a fishing success and NAVER's score is fishing as a group.
1,People these days seem to be doing a lot of course. This is the rating of a movie;
1,I don't know if OO will give me points
1,Don't be fooled
1,Sigh...
1,It's not fun
1,??Whew, the smell of trash.It's a load of crap.
2,I've never seen a movie critic with less than 3 pointsLOLThe ratings are either extreme 1 or 10 pointsLOLI'm just gonna give you two points, I want to stand out, and I don't think you'd want to add more theaters, but you're telling me that it's not going well
1,Crazy
1,Don't be fooled
1,LOLIlbe. I'm scared.lol
1,What is this? I'm a fan of Kim Bosung, but is the main character Kim Bosung Hyodr?OOO hugs too much...
6,The comments aren't funny either. It's just a little pitiful.
1,I'm here to kill you
1,I hate Ilbe
1,No comment.
1,Isn't it ridiculous to give 10 points because of loyalty? This is worse than part-time job
1,It's not fun. Don't fool me
1,Don't go see it It's a movie that I won't watch even if I give it away What's wrong with the resolution in the 80's? Why are you OOs? According to experts' rating, the movie is based on OOO's 2 points. It's a waste of time to say trash
1,I hate Ilbe
1,A mysterious movie with a cumulative audience of 5,000 and a rating of over 10,000!
1,I don't even want to watch this movie because of loyal netizens.
1,Why are they OOs who give 10 points out of loyalty?
1,LOL   Hyodor. (Laughing)
1,;;;;; What is it?
1,Do you know what loyalty means?I'm a righteous personlol
1,a movie that makes you want to eat rice with one by one
1,Kim Bosung is worse than Hyodor!
1,Day by day. Out
1,Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Crazy people are everywhere Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,1 point is too bad. Is there no 0 point?
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,lol
1,I want to see your parents. How is home education?
4,Let's make our own decisions.
1,It's so...lol
1,A movie that I don't watch for money
1,True righteousness should be seen to the end without dozing off in a lame theater.
1,Don't play with ratings. Innocent people are fooled. If this kind of movie is fun, every movie in the world is fun.
1,It's not boring
1,Don't play with ratings-- I'm gonna have to cut a little
1,Your head is so big
1,It was so funny
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,Stop it
3,This is just right... Loyalty and loyalty movie rating terrorism rubbish;
1,such, this, like this, this kind of
1,I'm a part-jjang
4,Bosung, I'm sorry. I guess this is all I can do. ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
1,I'm here to exterminate you
1,Don't be fooled. The horoscope was manipulated to feed the audience in a place like Ilbe.I hope there are no victims!
1,The part-timers are going crazy LOL
1,Wake up. This is not why I opened the Internet.
1,The part-timers are amazing
1,I can't rate it...........................
1,What is this?
1,Looks like they both got tutoring from Steven Sigal.
1,There's a OOOO movie. It's a waste to give one point at a time
5,What is this?
1,So far, the total number of spectators is 5,000.
1,It's bitter.
1,Because of this incident, Kim Bo-sung couldn't even get to the Korean movie. My friend works for a movie production company, and there is a rumor in the movie industry. The movie industry is shaking.I know. I think he wanted to appeal to the movie industry and get casted well.It's a poison
1,Because of Ilbe's garbage. I feel like my reliable Naver rating is being ruined. Don't forget that 92 percent of men in their 20s participated in the rating and choose the movie carefully.
1,Don't be loyal, you're crazy. Does this make sense?
1,-,- ;;
1,As of the 20th, the audience was 5488. Is this what you call loyalty?
1,We've got about 5,000 viewers so far, but how can we score more than 10,000?
1,Ilbe, you guys
1,Oh my god (Laughing
1,What a pitiful bunch of seeds.
1,꼬 꼬 You're gonna have to screw me, Ilvenans
1,You crazy people, do you know what it feels like to smell trash in a movie?
1,I smile every time I see you LOLYou're getting better. You're really out of your mind LOLYou guys are so sick
1,Everyone has a different perspective, but... I don't think this is rightHyodor, Kim Bosung! Oh my!!!
1,Are you manipulating the ratings of the birds?
1,Please don't joke around and be honest with me.ㅠㅠ Is this really a movie to watch at the theater or not?  Don't joke around and be honest.crying
1,Please don't mess with other movies. What the hell are you guys doing?--ㅡㅡ
2,Rather than giving 10 points for loyalty, I'll give you 2 points for honest review.
1,I want to give you a point even though you didn't watch the movie
1,The Titanic, the yelves, the larvae--
1,I've never seen a movie with such a low rating Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Do you think this movie will succeed?
1,Laughingering) Laughingering)
4,The quality of the movie is buried in loyalty and goes to distant mountains. Of course, it's okay to be loyal at the end of life and death together, but that loyalty... There was no scene where we shared strong affection throughout the movie, so it was a little weak to show loyalty at the end. Just plain military movies, you know-it's...Haha
1,Ilbe OOOs
1,I think Shim Hyeongrae would be better at making this
1,Oh, my. I give you 1 point because you guys are playing with stars
1,I need to lower my score on this
1,Oh my God
5,I haven't seen this movie, and I don't know, but I'm pissed at the other good movie ratings terrorists
1,Spin it and spring in 5 minutes
1,Because of you guys, I became loyal to the girl I went on a blind date with.
1,Turn off the lip balm.Lose OOO ^^ Your Jehoon John.Do you do OOO because you envy me because I am handsome? It's a waste of Kim Bosung for your face. Oh, look in the mirror. You're crazy^??
1,I don't think this is how you manipulate it. You're the master of chewing.
1,I put up with what I really want to give you a point in six billion.
1,I like Bosung and Hyodor, but the movie is not fun.
1,Zoom in on your lips ^^
1,I'm sad. Hyodor in this movie like this. I watched it for the first time and came out in 30 minutes.
1,Are you kidding, part-timers? Download it for free and watch it, but it's a waste of time.
1,Too bad there's no zero point scale. One point is big. You guys are not as good as bugs.There are more rating part-timers than the audience.Did you make this a movie, too?You're so loyal you can't even be a bug! Get a hold of yourself!You're not as loyal as a bug!They're not as good as bugs, they're not as good as bugs, they're not as good as bugs
1,NAVER's rating system, disappear!
1,I want to give you 10 points, but I'm giving you 1 point because of Ilbechung. I like Kim Bo-sung, but I don't like people who don't know what loyalty is. What's the point of this situation? Naver's rating system is meaningless
3,Why didn't you film green tea? [FAN ID]! [FAN ID]!
1,Oh, there are loyal kids here too. Look at the professional score...Oh, my
1,Great!
1,Why can't I give you a zero point here? It's a hell of a movie part-timer. Honestly, it's hard for you to write, right?I understand you're getting paid. You know how I feel
1,One-on-one, one-on-one, one-on-one, one-on-one, one-on-one, and so on.
1,You're talking about loyalty -_-
1,I'm sure there's no one who gets fooled by this straight-forwardly adjusting the ratings.
4,Is it fun to play around with the score? You childish people... He's like a zombie.
1,It's a waste of data from the trailer, too
1,Ilves, don't manipulate the ratings ㅠㅠ
1,It's a movie that even Kwanwoo can't watch with loyalty
1,I don't understand what 50 billion was spent on.
1,I'm sick of it Sincerely
1,You're doing all sorts of things
1,What's this rating?
1,My mom told me not to lie and be a good person.
1,No further explanation will be given
1,The movie that I watch because of Kim Bosung's loyalty! It's really not fun! It's like reading a boring book from the beginning to the end!
2,Oh, so funny. You gave me 0 points for other movies and 10 points for everything LOL
1,That's ridiculous. I love all of them, but what about the gender ratio? The army? The overwhelming male group
1,Those who want to become Sookmyung, cheer up! LOL OOOs
1,Rating Balance
1,There is also such a stupid movie. 1 point is a waste
1,Oh, my.
1,You guys are so...
5,The rating is funnier
3,I said loyalty
1,I don't want to give false ratings
5,Are they talking about this? There's no content, but we're just talking about loyalty
1,Bosung likes loyalty LOLIt's a third-rate rascal movie. The Russian director must be turning around. He casts a girl like that, and Fyodor is a waste
1,...you're doing something because you're so busy
1,I want to tear them apart and kill them all
1,;;Unite as a group and united as one
1,It's a waste to give one point. It's such a waste of time for movie reviews.Don't ever look at it
1,Are you having fun with the movie terrorists?; Stop it!
1,What's that?
1,It's the worst movie ever. I don't know if you've ever seen a movie like this
1,What a waste of playfulness and horoscope. Is this a movie? Spend money, lose time, lose friendship. Pay for it, guys
1,What? Isn't there too many part-timers? I'll give you a rating without looking
1,Go, go, go
1,These two movies?
1,You punk!
3,You want me to die with you?There are a lot of water ghosts. Only the poster. The answer is.It's coming out. The genre of ddddddddddd.Comedy is a trap
1,Don't look at it!
1,Ilbe, you crazy...
1,The Ilbe Garbage Sackies
1,I think the preview will be more fun
1,Don't look.
1,This is a fabrication. Don't be fooled They're just playing around. They're all loyal
1,I'm not going to watch it
1,Why is it 10 points? One point is a waste
1,I really want to joke around!
1,I watched the movie from beginning to end. This is over 9 points? I fell in love with OOO.
1,The cumulative number of spectators nationwide is 5,000. The rating exceeds 9,000. What do you think?Did you watch the movie?
1,What loyalty do you mean? A trash movie with one shot
1,Loyalty is nothing
1,Look... I saw it.이 I wonder if 10,000 people watched this movie...T
1,Huh
1,Bosung, thank you I think you worked hard on the shoot... I'll give you a high score next time. Please make a fun movie next time ㅠㅠ I'm asking you as a fan at one time.
1,Loyalty to trash
1,Let's stop it.
1,Stop playing around
1,There is also a good harvest in OO is a good harvest.
1,What a waste of time.
2,I'll give you one more point because of Fyodor. The best Korean movie after Clementine! The Korean Wave in the movie industry continues!
1,Your rating is great
1,Let's get rid of Ilbechoong!
1,As a movie lover, this is not true. You people are only as old as kindergarten for manipulating ratings like this for fun.Stop it now.I hear that Korean netizens are losing their standards because of you!ㅉㅉ
1,Kim Bosung, are you doing something while looking for loyalty? People who are loyal lower their ratings on other people's movies. Because I am a hero and the movie is not fun, do you blame others for not having an audience?
1,If the people who gave the rating really saw it, it would be a box office hit. The part-timers are shouting loyalty because they have nothing to say. They are talking about part-timers who spent a lot of money. I thought the next part-timers were being loyal, but it's the same. The next part-timers have a joke in their comments
1,Oh, don't manipulate the ratings Whew -- what about the people who are really going to see this?
1,It's a really sloppy, third-rate trash movie.I don't understand people who gave me 10 points.Kim Bosung's relatives?No wonder reporters and critics gave two points to the movie, but it was for killing time in the 3-4 points range or to induce sleep.If you look at the ratio of male and female part-timers with 10 points, it's manipulated. Don't be fooled by 92% of men!
1,How many of these rated people have you seen? You guys are awesome
1,They're so generous. They're so terrorizing (Laughing
1,Don't be fooled
1,Don't look, don't be fooled by the ratings
1,Don't waste your money.
1,Gibboseong poster looks like Joo Yoon-balLOL
1,Laughingering) Laughingering) I just don't have anything to say...
1,It's like that
5,To be honest, I don't think it's the best movie in the ratings. It seems a little bubbly.
1,--ㅡㅡ
1,I can't watch it anymore even if I want to
1,One point
1,Ratings manipulation. This movie's rating doesn't have a fact
1,The crap is rated as terrorism
1,I want you to manipulate the ratings...Kim Bo-sung got 10 points for this trash movie because he supported the former president?LOL
1,Let's not play with the ratings
1,"Why are you playing around with your ratings?" "No one believes in your movie ratings."
1,out of loyalty
1,Stop it, everyone. This is a disgrace
1,hardworking people
1,I hope you make money in other ways...
1,I won't watch it because I'm loyal. I'm going to be anti-tie
1,Ilbe trash scraps
3,Damn... this movie has a rating of more than 8 points. I'm getting angry from the brain to the frontal lobe -_-
1,That's why I can't trust NAVER ratings. I'm just kidding. Even if I film this movie, it will be better than watching this
1,Please check the press rating
3,That's not funny. - Crazy things
1,One point of loyalty
1,a point of loyalty
1,Who scored so high?
5,What are you talking about? I haven't seen it...The ratings and ripples are getting on my nerves.I don't want to see...
1,To get the average score
1,Oh, my.
1,Just looking at the summary, it's a B-class movie
1,It's just bs, bs. It's the same as a part-time job. I feel bad for people who pay for this movie.
1,I'm reading the comments for the first time. It's the ratings of the part-timers. I want to see it, but I don't want to see it
1,I'm going to screw up because of some of the ratings manipulation
1,Don't watch it. It's a waste of time And I don't think the pillows will die. It's crawling out
1,LOL
1,a great deal
1,Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
1,I think people's ratings are more miserable than low ratings. Poor thing.
2,This movie has more reviews than the audience
1,What's this score?
1,Don't be fooled  Oh, it's manipulated by the scholars.
1,Oh, my LOL
1,This is too much--
1,That's scary. Netizens' teamwork
1,Let's not joke around!
1,It's a foreign version of Yeongashi
1,Let's not joke around
1,I bet you didn't watch it at the theater. I feel bad for Bosung
1,Extreme Lee Sun-hak is doing OOO with a very high rating. If you don't get one point for other movies right away, I ask the prosecution to investigate.Don't you feel embarrassed about hitting a movie?
1,Loyalty? LOL Shame on the country
1,????...really... Don't watch this movie. Seriously, trash... Loyalty doesn't matter...
1,In a word, this movie is a disgrace to the family.
1,I will never improve the movie evaluation... It is like a B-rated action movie in the 80's and 90's. I think the actors will form a double wall with the uk ball. It would be nice to get 5 points for loyalty.
1,People are giving ratings as a joke
1,I don't know if this is a rating place or a part-time job
1,I've been trying to stop glorifying, but I'm really bad at keeping my head
1,Stop playing with ratings!
1,Within the geography...
1,I can't believe I made this crap movie a masterpiece thanks to Ilbe's site.  Please stop playing the rating game Pardon?
1,It's a masterpieceLOL If you're going to do it, just play here Don't touch Paparotina or any other movie
1,I'm not loyal enough. Will you share your loyalty with me?
1,After watching the movie, I almost got cursed at after watching the movie
5,I'll give you 5 points The movie was worth watching, but her girlfriend was a cheap shot. How do you do it?crying
1,Huh.. are you giving stars after watching the movie?
1,Are you eating properly?
1,really,  truly,  very, so, very much, quite, extremely
1,Oh, my goodness...
1,I can see your level today. I read the article. You're the one who blocks students' roads and makes fun of them LOLTen years later, you'll feel how pathetic and embarrassed you are, and I hope your children will behave like you later
1,An uncomfortable truth with 4,900 audience members and over 8,000 participants
1,You guys have no conscience. Are you pressing 10 hearts?
1,You guys are so mean. Is there any movie like this that deserves more than 5 points? You wrote a letter of loyalty and gave me 10 points. Or work part-time so that it doesn't show. Let's do it with sincerity when we get the money. Ugh... a movie I'll never watch.
1,It turns out that all of them are in their 20s
1,What the hell is wrong with them?I wonder if he'll come to his senses when his children get better with the same children or when his children are beaten by the same children...
1,I can see the rating game of Jjagochi
1,What is it?
1, tut, tut
1,Are you kidding me? I looked forward to the ratings and went to the movies with my friends. It's really not funny. My friends are calling me names for choosing this kind of movie -- part-timers hired by the production company for giving me 10 points -- oh, that's weird. Don't look at me
1,Well
1,--ㅡㅡ
1,OO LOL The part-time job is great. How much money did you spend? It's like crap. The critic was dumbfounded. How did you spend all that money? I'm curious, too. Where did you spend all that money? Did you spend it on snacks?
1,Don't be fooled by the ratings... I'm sorry to Kim Bosung, but it's fun
1,Ninety-nine percent of men give you ten for fun, right?Do you guys have any loyalty? People who live with the thought that they don't know when they're in trouble and that they only have to live. Good movie ratings. Don't terror.It doesn't matter if you swear at me, report me, or say you're an elementary student, but find a way to live
1,It's not worth watching a movie It's not even for killing time
1,.........Loyalty Laughingering) Laughingering) Laughingering)Korea is really funlol
1,You guys are so loyal
3,I think it's a little childish.People-- are you talking about loyalty to a movie-- just loyalty.Well
1,It's good to raise the rating of this movie while saying a word of loyalty. But why are you terrorizing the Titanic? The rating is 9.17 which was 9.42. Get a grip on the concept.
1,I didn't watch the movie, but I'm watching with my eyes that there's a part-time job. We're giving scores of 10 points in real time. Makes me feel desperate for an expert rating...
1,I'm scared now Crazy people
3,It was released overseas Chewy old movie released in Korea
1,a hit movie in the '90s
1,Are you doing part-time job?
1,It's been a few years since I filmed it, but I failed and came back to Korea
1,You shouldn't go too far with your pranks
6,Yi Gi Baro's loyalty?
1,I don't want to give you 1 star
1,Come on! Come On!
1,Oh, OO, you shouldn't have touched other movie ratings
1,They really made Ilvain number one Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,Get a hold of yourself. I turned it off after 10 minutes
1,Ilvane, everything is good, but please don't deliberately lower the ratings of other movies. I'm not an elementary student. What are you doing? This movie is this movie and the other movie is different. I don't think I'm gonna never...
1,You're talking about loyalty. Do you want to cut down on other high-rated movies?
1,People who give you 10 ratings, did you even watch it in theaters? I threw popcorn in the middle and came out
1,Why would I look at this trash?
1,Today's humor? I heard stars are being terrorized there, so I think it should be designated as a harmful site. Honestly, a movie that's a waste of 1 point
1,Are you kidding me?
2,The temperature of dating is the best!
1,This is a movie
1,You're so grand! This is my boss
1,Oh... I was really, really just in case when Lugger Hower came out, but...
1,This is what I'm supposed to do
1,I watched it because the ratings were great.If a movie that is worth watching has a rating of 7 to 8, I would like to give this movie 2 points. I'm so bored that I can fall asleep -_-; Why are there so many part-timers, thousands of them?
5,Netizen's score is so high, but the expert's score is so low
1,(Laughing
1,Don't crawl out to other sites and play in your own space.
1,Today's humor? It was a garbage dump
1,Like Clementine, why are you touching all the other masterpieces?
1,Live like an actor!!!! Are you out begging? Electricity bill????? Go to the labor market. There are so many people in the world who live hard, so don't even dream of a movie box office with pity!!You have to be a person! A person! Loyalty!
1,You guys are crazy
1,You should've been satisfied with this puffed rice. I shouldn't have made a mess of other movie ratings.
1,It's a waste of time.
1,Loyalty? Who's the one-point terrorist on a movie rating? This movie is really not funny
1,Loyalty? Euuuuuuuuuuuuu!
1,Tong be out!
1,It's really not funny.
1,I'll give you one point for loyalty!
1,It was on the internet. Download it. For your information, I downloaded it and turned it off for less than 10 minutes. Is this a movie? I can't stand it. It's a waste to download it
1,Are you having fun?Laughingering) Laughingering)
1,You guys are so pathetic. Look at him squirming and being loyal. He's pathetic and pathetic.
1,He's so ridiculous
1,I usually watch all the movies that come out, but I watched the blue tower on my phone while watching this. Loyalty will freeze to death
1,What is this...
1,But the people who watched the movie after watching the movie are really stupidLOL If you look at the comments, you can tell that it's fishing
1,Boseong-Boseong-Hae
1,I'm afraid there will be another movie like this
1,Is there no zero point? Calm down
1,ee
1,I feel sorry for your life. Do you want to live that meaningless, OK? Phew, nerds...
1,It's funny to get a rating on this crap movie, but you bugheads are showing off your brainless git's crazy
1,Don't snatch me with a rating, you dirty workaholic. How angry would those who see your reviews and comments fooled by your jokes be? ㅉ 벌 You punks
1,Oh, my. Everyone sniffsniffs
1,K
1,Ratings can be manipulated. But I have no mercy.
1,Are they crazy?LOL
2,If you listen to it, it's very...I think it's amazing I'm not watching the movie itself, I'm looking for loyalty. Don't watch this movie. Pyeonglonga didn't give you 2 points for no reason You can ignore them because they're not human
1,Phew...
1,Loyalty! That's all I can think of.Rebel men are loyal!Yes, I will give you a horoscope for loyalty
1,Wow, seriously. I trusted your rating and watched it.It was the most precious 100 minutes of my life It's nice to lie down and watch the movie theater empty Damn it
1,S and S
1,Paparotti's rating down. Mile fillers, please be loyal
1,Oh, I'm the worst! MJH!
1,내가 방금 뭘 봤지? 그것은 의심할 여지 없이 내가 본 최악의 영화였다. 연기, 대본, 영화 촬영은 모두 끔찍했다.
1,It's not gonna work out your way.
1,Don't you have anything to do with today's humorists? Put up a fake rating
1,I've never seen a movie with such a bad rating;; I was thinking about what to do on my phone at the movie theater because it's my mother's birthday, and I watched it after reading the rating
1,You're not loyal, you bugs
1,You like loyalty!
1,Don't fool me, you little
1,How boring is it that if there's no one watching it, they're flocking to get another movie rating? Are you jealous? Poor part-timers, if you don't have anything to do, go to Diviza
1,I tried to protect you, but I can't watch it until the end
1,Oh, it's ridiculous. It's not funny.Did people really give 10 points after watching this movie?The ratings of people who are so suspicious...In a word, it's not fun.It's boring, it's awkward to act, it's disappointing itself... Ah...The ratings of the three people are frustrating.
1,I've only heard that it's stinky, but I didn't know it would be this bad
1,Get out of here!
1,For the first time in my life, I sobbed when the ending credit came up after the movie.It's a waste of money... This is a waste. The early childhood education video would be more interesting and the scenario would be more fruitful.
1,Ilbe, I'm sure you've seen a lot of crap. Give your loyal brother some money. Look at everything. You'll see 600,000 people You bugs.
1,What are you trying to do by raising the rating?
1,Netizens are so mischievous.Don't do it too much.Hah!
1,lol
1,crazy people
1,Other movies don't have good seats, so I watched this.Did I get the wrong NAVER rating?
1,I'm from Ahem Oyu Ahem
1,You have to do everything in moderation. Why the other movie ratings?
1,I almost got beaten up in the middle while trying to seduce my girlfriend because of her high rating. Don't ever look at this. There is a part-time job in a dog trash movieWho are those 10 points?  Oh, Kim Bosung is like a worm
1,Third-rate... There's no fool paying for this
1,It came up on the p2p site, so I looked at it once, but I deleted it after 10 minutes.I think it's a mess.
1,I'm going to kill all the G.B. part-timers. Seriously. I wanted to catch my ex-girlfriend, so I tried to calm her down and watch a movie, but the rating was no joke, so I made a reservation, and the movie theater was empty.What kind of movie is there? I feel more awkward with my girlfriend and now she doesn't answer my calls. I'm going to kill you
5,If you stand here, it is Lotte Cinema, but you have to wait for 50 minutes since you cut it off at 2:40 pm. I'm eating up a whole bucket of popcorn.Totally looking forward to it
1,I fell asleep while watching this with my girlfriend, but when I woke up, there was no girlfriend next to me
1,They're having so much fun!
1,I'll give you one shot! I had a big fight with my girlfriend, barely made up, went to the movies, and we almost broke up because of you guys You guys are so talented. You're not being blamed for anything, you walking trash
1,Don't ever look at it. It's a horoscope instigation. If you want to rent a movie theater for 8,000 won, watch it. I can't believe in stars because of OOO I'm Ilbeham, too. Hehe
1,^^ Hey OOOs. I came to see a movie with a girl I was dating.I was laughing because I was dumbfounded by the action, but the flirting girl had a bad face.When I asked to walk after coming out to the theater, I felt dizzy, so I took a taxi to rest at home. I don't answer the phone and I don't answer the phone.I'm going to get dumped by a girl I haven't met in six years
1,Oh, don't be fooled I'm trying to trick you with all the 10 points comments Don't watch trash movies
1,OME
1,LOL
1,There is no loyalty to a servant-loyal to a servant
1,You should've switched to the crazy main character and supporting actor. Stupid director
1,Your part-time job club is called Loyalty? You're being loyal. The worst
1,lol
1,Wow!
1,loyalty,  fidelity
1,Part-timers, come on. What's 9.67? You idiots
1,the second Clementine I can't be the only one to sufferthe greatest living work of a kind
1,It's a rating manipulation by Oh Yu-seonbi Don't ever look.
1,Don't ever look at it. The larvae are giggling, giggling, and manipulating the ratings
1,These OOO Naver part-timers put in 6.000 and turned it into 9.68-digit movie.Oh, my. I'm so sorry.
1,I don't watch movies. I don't watch it. This is my problem, so I don't. Someone's forcing me.
1,Don't be fooled by the ratings! I regret it and come out
1,Why are you all loyal and one point share in other movie ratings?Guys, you've worked on this movie.Mittin...
1,You can't do this here, Oyu. It's not funny at all. You don't look good Dear fans
1,Don't ever watch it. It's a new movie Kim Bosung's acting is really disgraceful
1,Loyalty doesn't matter
1,Justice is alive!  This movie is a waste of zero points
1,They're all using it
