모노노케 히메
5,Good. But I don't know how to give stars crying
4,Overall, it seems like a well-organized movie, but if you look at each line, it seems like Girl Cops...
1,But that's just Annie. I'm getting delusions from the baduksㅜㅜ
6,The picture is worth seeing, but the content is too cliche
2,Mononoke Hime doesn't have any meaning at all. There's no problem with the story even without the princess. I feel like I forced myself into it because of the role that there should be a beautiful woman next to the handsome main character.
6,The video is good, but the story isn't that good. I forced myself to watch it
3,It's a great movie by old standards, but there are so many great movies these days that it seems relatively lacking. The movie symbolically showed the alertness it wanted to convey, but it was boring because it was too obvious compared to the works being made these days.
1,It's just... Is it a comment part-time job?
6,I saw it because it was a masterpiece, but it doesn't seem to suit me. There wasn't much left in the story.
1,
2,Am I the only one who feels uncomfortable? What's the end of that wretched thing? Is it inevitable that they made the deer god like that because they have to live? What's the difference between Japan stepping on other countries like that? The most unpleasant work of Hayao Miyazaki. It's really bitter.
6,It was more fun than I thought.
1,It's just not good. Human-natural composition. Confrontation. Reconciliation. Harmony. It's just a boring subject.
2,It's very childish because it's a movie that kids will like. You only need to leave your own rating. That's a high score, that's a low. Should everyone else's thoughts be the same as yours?
1,It's not fun. I want to eat beef jerky
1,Are you kidding me? I'm just passing it off No.6. I dozed off. Sengwachihiro is fun. This is not it
2,It's the worst. The male lead is like a psychopath
1,Why is it a masterpiece? Everything made in Ghibli is boring, boring and predictable. The male protagonist is crazy about women, hitting all kinds of women such as hometown flirting girl Gaya + steel mill woman + mountain + Eboshi. Why are you giving the black dagger that Gaya gave to San? Are you recycling gifts? He should have been cursed by the god of disaster and just died
1,an awkwardness to look at regardless of the workability of one's It's so gross. Just unpleasantness. After 10 minutes, I feel like I'm being tortured. +)Isn't it up to me to review the movie? They don't like it, they don't praise the movie. Look at them. There are so many honorable Japanese people. They're melting down. ^^
5,I don't know... Ghibli's unique visuals and sentiments are good, but I don't know exactly what the story is about
5,Ghibli's work, which has reached the peak of its unique weird atmosphere, is oddly skeptical
1,It is a fact that every Japanese animation has beautification about Japan. But I didn't give you a point because of the glorification, but I couldn't really understand why the rating index was high. You want me to look at the kids for grotesque descriptions of the festering disgusting scene? The purpose of the target group is teenagers who like Ilppong Annie, which can never be recommended to middle-aged people in the 1990s or adults in their 30s this year. Let's face it. The rating manipulators here, can you tell your parents that this is a masterpiece and that it's fun? And based on Naver, it's called "Overall Audience," but it's at least 15 years old.  Now, if you don't understand why I'm giving you a point, watch the animation "Ged Electric." What's the difference between Ashitaka and Gedd? It's just an animation for the typical otaku who are blinded by the cartoon characters in the work... Even if it's Annie, who came out after the Gedd biography, we can see that people in their parents' generation still hush and don't like Japanese animation. If you're in your 20s, let's face it.                Reason for giving 1 point - The purpose of the 'main character' that will be the center of the story ends in a fizzled out. What the center of the comprehensive work is trying to say is that it is just a dog poo philosophy, and the original version of the character of a typical animation that suits the taste of otaku, which is drunk on visual beauty and Ilppong, is fine.                   If you go to see an animation movie with your kids, do you go to Disney animation or not to watch Japanese animation?Stop manipulating the ratings. Honmonos... :(
6,imagination from savagery It shows the bare face of the Japanese. I can't believe it's a total audience. The Japanese are the most grotesque people in the world. It's disgusting.
6,It's very subjective to give a rating after watching a movie a rating. I can't understand it unconditionally because it's different from my opinion
4,I thought it was a good movie that taught me a lesson, but honestly, it was kind of boring
6,The story is a bit crazy.
1,I don't know if it's really 10 points
2,I'm touched, but I don't like the sudden development in the middle of OO
6,The visual beauty was good, but it was not fun.
1,a rating report that it is impolite to even dare to leave a rating This is so ridiculous. Isn't it not that bad?
2,Chewy Sunbi's main character is no fun movie
6,It's a movie like that, but the tempo of the movie is too slow
4,If you look at it now, it's kind of boring
1,Tall, tall, big, big, everybody.
1,Even though it is an animation, how can you watch the whole movie when your neck and arms are cut off? I turned it off right away while watching it with the kids. What standard is the Film Council?
1,ikuljfthdr
1,French Ambassador to the Fleshier Taal
1,Ninonino Heaven and Entry
1,눈동자 모양의
6,There are many cruel scenes for children. His arm was cut off, his head was blown away. Personally, 12 years old is given. But the movie itself is good.
1,The message delivery power was good, but it is not my taste at all.  Just because other people like you doesn't mean you have to like me.
1,It's a work that disappoints me a lot, maybe because I'm looking forward to it because Everything except the mountain was a boring picture, and I know what the movie was trying to say after it grew up, but the story is strange. Lastly, the music is not good.
1,It's unlikely, and the ending is too awkward to beautify the invaders and explain the harmony between humans and nature. Don't keep watching things you haven't seen.
3,It wasn't that fun
1,It's cruel, it's haunted by the evil spirits of war, and the main character walks well with people even if he's shot, and anyway, you shouldn't see cartoons of invaders. By the way, your sour face looks so funny. And the woman tries to kill the main character, but she says it's beautiful, so she saves it. The owner of the mountain is a boar.
1,1 point for Japanese culture
5,I'm curious. How do you adjust your horoscope? You're talking about horoscope control, I can only see that you're being pushy.
6,An animation that Pao Hoo, the 10th fan of Ilppa, said, "If you don't understand, don't watch it." To your face, I would like to ask how tall you are and how you can pack a crap comment in Forest Gump's review saying, "The end of a patriotic conservative youth who has been played by hippies."
5,I think I watched all the animations that are hard to understand because there is no good or evil structure. The ending is ambiguous
1,But why is it a whole movie?It looks like a seven-year-old child.
5,I don't understand the content. It's not an interesting movie, but it's a lesson.
1,It wasn't that fun. It was boring. Toy Story would be better.
1,That's not a grade.
6,I know what you're trying to say, but it's a story that's very unlikely, and it's a Japanese coach who glorifies the invaders
1,I don't want to see a movie that doesn't mean anything.
4,If there is MJ's earth song in music, the animation is Princess Wonryeong.
1,Lower GPA. Hehehehe
1,Among Hayao Miyazaki's works, there are many outstanding works, but I don't understand why they became famous + blatant Japanese paintings.
5,You're like the descendants of colonial history. You've burned it to the ground and you're pretending to be beautiful!
3,It's not fun. It's okay as long as you do that
1,It wasn't that great... 9.33
1,Everyone gave me 10 points, so I gave you 1 point
1,I don't know what to do with the video media
2,I don't know if it's a masterpiece, but personally, it was less fun than Sen and Chihiro
1,If it's a movie where men's yamato openly brag about themselves as war victims, it's a movie that's very cleverly trying to wash away their victims and their post-war self-inflicted views.a very dirty movie
6,coexistence between man and nature In the review, the saying, "The conflict in the meantime is in the present progressive form" is very touching.  Still, I feel like I watched a movie rather than just an animation, but I wonder if it is enough to be in the top 50 in the rankings.
1,10 points for lessons, 1 point for fun, 1 point for fun, I will give 1 point for fun.
1,Animal god? It is a movie that does not fit Korean sentiment in Korea.
6,The male lead was very... confusing
1,I can't believe I got 9.3 points
1,I think this is the worst piece of Ghibli's 30 years
6,It's a very immersive animation, but the expression is a bit occult, so I'm hesitant to watch it again
3,The rating is subjective, so it's 3 out of 10. No fun and no emotion like Pixar Annie.
1,It's a 8th-grader war criminal country movie that tells you not to hunt, not to log trees, or not to go to war. So what's the conclusion? I want to make money by making something that's like that Is that it?
1,It's not fun
1,I leaned on it, but it was boring and the story wasn't that interesting
6,I don't think it's a masterpiece
6,I guess I don't get along with Hayao Miyazaki
4,I think there are a lot of disgusting scenescrying
5,Hm... Subjectively, I don't think it's fun... It's great to write a story about absolute good and absolute evil in that era, and I know the theme, but the content is a bit cliché
5,I'm turning it off for 52 minutes.First of all, it's late at night, so I'm sleepy...
6,I know what you're trying to say, but Ashitaka's unrealistic, ambiguous position is very uncomfortable.
1,This is the first movie I've ever watched in a minute because I skipped over the unbearable boredom
1,Adjusting the rating. Honestly, it's not 9 points
1,It's not fun, it's boring. It's hard to tell people that this story is fun
1,Objectively, is this fun? Ilppong+Grading by noble family... They are gods who turn into tentacles on a day when they have a sloppy ending... I have never seen such a bad cartoon before. It should be cartoonish
5,I honestly didn't like Ghibli the most
1,I was looking forward to seeing Sen and Chihiroㅠㅠㅠ
1,Apart from the message, it's the worst thing to do.In the eyes of psychopaths, the movie can be interpreted from various angles, but it is certainly the worst in terms of fun.In any case, it's not funny enough to curse. Take this into consideration
1,I will adjust the rating...
1,A high school girl in a sailor suit has blood around her mouth, her mother is folding, and the animals talk. And there's a monkey that's the epitome of that, and he says, "The monkey is nice." And there's a bug coming out, and I think I'm going to vomit
6,I saw Sen and Chihiro and thought they were the best Annie. So I chose this movie, but... It was boring after the middle, and the ending wasn't that... Even if it is given meaning, it should be revealed naturally. It's a bit difficult if you have to interpret it
1,Definitely a great Annie but not enough movie to give 9.33 so I give a decent grade at this point
3,The process of going to the lesson itself is far fetched
5,It's not fun. But I give you 5 points because it's addictive and reminds you of the importance of nature
4,To be honest, it's disgusting because the topic of war-loving countries is windy, so I still don't have any self-reflection, but the evaluation is too much
3,I don't know the story. That's all
1,You got a high rating because of the hybrids.
1,I watched it because the ratings were so good, but the ending was kind of boring and weak, so it didn't have any lingering feelings It may be a matter of taste, but Sen and Chihiro would be better if they were watching a documentary about nature conservation as if it were not a movie that would get 9 points
3,Annie's hidden fact is that conservation is not a theme. He criticizes the brutal human beings who fight wars with the protection of nature on the surface, which means that they should be afraid of the supernatural forces behind nature, and that they are vulnerable to light, and that they can die
2,Damn it, I blew my 195p
1,I don't know why this cartoon has such a high rating. It's boring
1,an ordinary Japanese cartoon
1,Mononoke Town
1,8 points is appropriate but overrated.
6,It's always Miyazaki's movie
3,.....................I recommended it, but it's gross and boring It's meaningless, it's
1,(Singing "Dokken")
1,To adjust the rating...I don't think it's a grade like this
1,I think the rating is too high.Was my expectation too high?I thought the graphic would be interesting compared to Annie these days.Just focus on the beginning and that wall is boring.I think it's about 7 points
1,I think the rating is too high.Regardless of interest, it means that each person has his or her own situation, but all the gods are like BSS and out of the blue story; and why is the title of the film also Wonryeong princess? There's nothing the princess did, and the weight is small. It's 8 points
1,Nausica really enjoyed watching it. But everyone else says this work is the best, but I really don't know. I have no lingering feelings but to be angry at Ebosi.
3,To be honest, I don't know if it's a masterpiece.I don't know why the ratings are so high.Why does the god come out taste so sick?I don't know if the main character is standing in neutral or...
5,The nature that man is trying to conquer is the mother of man, and the destruction of nature only leads to the destruction of man
1,Not good.
1,Bored. What's so funny about it?
1,It's a waste movie to watch with money
5,Don't you understand?
1,It's just boring. That's all. It's not fun
6,Only the character and the OST feel good The story is not that focused Rather, I pay more attention to the OST
5,The difference in personal opinion was so big...It was the first movie that broke the stereotype that a good rating is a good movie. Honestly, the first hour was so good that I didn't know how it went, but it was smashed at the end. I'd like to comment on myself because it's a movie without highlights.
6,What god can't find his head and destroy the mountain?
6,The fight between human views and their opposing views was familiar, but the story seemed to be lacking
1,I slept soundly
6,Miyazaki Hayao's works are all good, but the ending is always disappointingcrying
4,Thanks to Princess Wonyoung, Ashtaka, San, Moro, Eboshi, and Shishin, I enjoyed it~~~~
4,Japan's unique imagination that feels absurd beyond endless things
1,It's a mess. The story is the worst, and the main character's personality is really good. If you haven't seen it, don't watch it It's a waste of time
1,I don't know if it's because it's old...
6,It's a shame that the ending is
3,Is it possible to understand only if it's an otaku?
1,It's one of the best animations. Take a look.
1,It's not fun to bet.
6,I'm gonna have to take out two stars because of this cartoon ㅠㅠ
1,It's too formal now.
3,Why am I so bored and not so good?crying
5,It's not that
1,a film for preschoolers aged 4 to 6
5,Nature, you've had a hard time making it
2,I was looking forward to it, but I don't think so
4,I was looking forward to it, but it's okay
1,Princess Wonryeong fan
6,I saw the review, but honestly, I don't know... Is it because I watched a little bit?Anyway, I didn't like it ㅠㅠ
2,It was quite raw, and somehow hard to accept, Mononoke Hime was a wild woman.
6,Humans and nature can coexist.
5,It's hard to keep your innocence.
1,I turned it off after watching it, but it's not my style. It's annoying that it's bleeding. I like it fresh!
1,wjdgotlrnwl, do you ignore Simpson?I don't think you know Simpson satirizes the contradictions of many societies
5,Japanese animation Well, aren't you being overrated?
1,Too boring to think only of lessons
1,It's a waste of 1 point! Even if it's boring, it's high, so I endured it and watched it until the end, but I'm totally disappointed
1,The main character didn't kill Eboshi, so 1 point. 9.9 points for anime
1,Top
5,Hayao Miyazaki's work is always that. Nature is so nice. You live in the mountains, right?
6,It's not that there's a little bit of a puzzle.It's kind of boring.
1,Why am I not funny?;;;;;
3,I wasn't like that
1,I just opened up the story, didn't tie the knot properly. an unpleasant ending
1,To be honest, it wasn't good.
5,It's not dubbing. ^^ Also, be 13 years old in Besㅌㄴㄴ에선.--ㅡㅡ
1,That's so childish, rating doesn't make sense
1,It was boring and boring
1,Lafuta Red Pig is a bit far from Nausica. But it's the 4th masterpiece of Ghibli!
1,Good picture, good theme, great performance... And a far-right racist director...
1,The worst of Hayao's.Like Nausica, it's about environmental destruction, but it's a mess compared to now
1,It's such a waste of 1 point. Hayao is really disappointed.  Don't just count on the ratings. ,,
6,As much as you worked hard on it, the quality is the best, but... Well, it wasn't my cup of tea. --;;ㅡㅡ;;
5,Cartoons are just cartoons. The rating is too high
6,Calm touching ^^...Why is the rating so high?;;
1,There's not much to it
4,It's Miyazaki Hayao's work, so the rating seems to be a little bubbly.It's not this bad Honestly...
1,What the hell?
1,..a very absurd ending
1,It's a bit scary
3,Japanese cartoon, Japanese novel... Can you get away from that gloom and grotesqueness?
6,a perverse examination of Japanese history But it's two percent short!
1,I don't like Miyazaki
6,Typical environmentally friendly movie, but it's a bit far-fetched and boring.
1,I don't know if it's because I'm still young but I was very bored.
1,Wow, good
1,Story is the worst
5,I've seen most of Miyazaki's, but I don't like this one.
1,Honestly, I don't know if it's fun.The picture wasn't good either.
1,I'm scared.
6,The indecisive male protagonist and the boredom of falling asleep
1,I want you to screw it up, okay?
1,Mononoke Hime is the best!
1,I don't like Miyazaki
1,Don't watch it. Sen and Chihiro are a thousand times better
3,It doesn't suit me;;;
5,I don't know. I think I've interpreted nature as being too big. I need to protect him.
6,It looks good, but...The story is about GG I don't recommend it
6,The picture was nice, but the story didn't really hit home.
4,Was I expecting too much? It wasn't fun.
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
1,What?
1,It's not as good as I expected.
1,The ratings of the fans...
6,I don't know if this is in a movie that's playing;;
1,have one's hair cut off             lol
6,Nature, lessons are good, but they are too boring and boring.
1,Rating adjustment. 8 to 9 points or less is appropriate.
6,What are you going to do about the poster?
1,Hayao's worst piece of work. That's too bad. One point is a waste.
6,cliché
3,I don't understand crying over this
5,The dilemma between historical drama and science fiction.The new deer kingdom is so confused that it is the EVA
1,Miyazaki's limit is at the end
1,Everyone, I'm wondering why it's perfect--ㅡㅡ
4,Why is this so popular?Don't lean on the director's name!
1,Don't fall for the part-timers
1,so, that
1,Don't fall for the part-timers
1,The director doesn't like black people
3,What is it? I saw it because the rating was high.It's not fun. - 3-
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
6,Personally, it's boring and the Japanese wind is all over the place
1,Imagination without patterns... Useless imagination.
1,The rating is totally... The level of creative fairy tales of elementary school students...
1,Don't look at it, it's a perfect baby
4,I saw it because of studying Japanese, but the cartoons were childish overall.
1,What
6,I fell asleep while watching -_-; Why was it boring?
6,A painting that I didn't know much about...
1,The rating is too high
5,one of Miyazaki Hayao's failures
1,What a waste of money
1,Is there a zero point?^^;
1,a one-point movie
1,Boring movie!
1,Did you have fun?incomprehensible
1,I don't recommend it.
1,It was the worst animation ever
1,The worst... It's so boring...
6,The message is good, but it's emotionally dull
5,The pig was so terrible
6,It's a bit boring. The color is annoying.Why do you need to castrate the color?
1,Nature Killing People Crazy and Moro Ashitaka's Bloody Feast
6,As expected, we have to protect the environment!
1,It has a high rating.
6,I admit it, but it doesn't work.
5,That's nice
1,A movie that was overrated by the first class.
2,Honestly, it was boring
1,A parody of the jungle book -_- a poor work
5,There must be a reason for the box office success, and I'm too tired to watch it
1,...not much,,
1,It was so cruel
2,It was just so-so
1,That wasn't fun.
1,I'm sick of it. I'm annoyed
2,Is my taste unique? I turned it off while watching it
6,It wasn't good.
1,I think it's cruel to watch with children.
6,Miyazaki Hayao's best movie ever
6,It's kind of boring to watch while concentrating...
6,The combined version of the animation that Miyazaki made so far
1,It wasn't that fun.
5,Your imagination is brilliant, but...I don't think it's fun...
6,Miyazaki-style movie...I'm not that touched.--;ㅡㅡ;
1,It's like action...The story is good
5,It was the most fun!!!
1,Non-American Air Agency Loans for Flexible Mobile Louvre; Environmental Environment Japan-South Korea Comparison Proposed Ou Female Virgo
1,It is fun and the mother is pretty.
6,They all say it's fun.Everyone around me, but I was normal
2,What's the point of being good at drawing? I don't have much drama composition.
5,You're amazing
5,I don't know. I don't think it's a movie to watch twice.
6,It's shiny on the outside, but...The emptiness that I don't know...
5,I saw him in high school.It was a really good Annie.I hope you watch it.
1,It's the best animation!
6,A movie that brainwash children because environmental protection is the only good
5,Princess Wonyoung is so fun and I saw her four times But humans are bad
6,The last one was a bit boring...Wasn't it cruel for a cartoon?
5,Don't discuss Annie without watching this movie!
