토이 스토리 3
1,It's a lot lower than 1. 1 is legendary
6,It's still worth watching.
1,"Face, face, face, face, face, face, face,"
2,To be honest, I'm not impressed by the sudden separation from Woody because Andy's amount is small from the first episode 1. I'm tired of eating beef because of the obvious. It may work overseas, but the number of smart Korean audiences is not small for Annie, but it is small for a movie. That's a given.
1,Let's match the critic's score.
1,564654648949 and Russian casual Firtunug 8
1,No fun, no fun, no fun, no fun, no answer story
1,NASA's Environmental Macro is divided into six groups.
1,High Court of German Naval Officers
1,Dioxide International Park
6,It is not a masterpiece as much as the month E.But the Toy Story series is really fun.
6,It's like 10 years and it's not worth it
1,The rating is too high. It's not this bad...
1,It's not fun to watch it again
1,I'll give you one point.
1,--- I don't know. It's coming
4,Guidelines representing Pixar
1,It's so cliche, no more
1,It is interesting, but it does not seem to be a legendary movie to be in the top 10 of Naver's Yeoha ranking. It was fun
1,Less moving than the previous one.
1,That's pretty clever, but do you think this number makes sense? I give you 1 point to adjust the rating.  My personal score is 8
5,I enjoyed watching it, but 9.35 is too bubbly.;; I think the 8 point range is good.
1,It's ridiculous that it's higher than Wall E
1,It's not a movie to be here
1,It's really childish. It's no fun
1,I think the evaluation is too much.
6,The last part was really good
1,It's a good work, but it's too high
1,I watched it because I was curious about the Academy Award nomination, the highest rating for critic/generalist, and the world's most popular animation. It was boring and boring. Maybe because I didn't like toys a lot when I was young and I didn't like topics such as friendship and punishment.
3,I was touched at the end, but before that, it was so childish
1,This is the worstFrozen goes to Jinriimtos 3
1,It was overrated.
1,Out of the previous season 2 or 3, nothing came out better than the first one. This is the same.
1,Let's just escape...K
2,I really can't watch it with my eyes open-- don't watch a trashy third rate movie;; I'll give you two points because the female lead is fooled
1,An animated movie that was interesting.^^
6,Killing time! Let's watch it with I.D. Wrong!Not particularly memorable
5,I don't think it's funny.
1,I'm amazed at the way toys gamble.Children take it naturally.The doodle on the baby toy body feels like a gangster tattoo when the face is covered because it's actually the same role as the boss.Space suit makes a toy a completely different personality with one button, three personalities, and it reminds me of Illuminati multiple personality disorder
6,It's just normal... it's not a special finish
1,Honestly, it's not as good as the previous ones
5,It was fun but boring
1,Good
1,Look at how they're watering! It's just a children's movie. It's so obvious that I'm yawning, but I don't understand. Is it's just me
3,It's good, but the rating is too high.
6,Andy is tall and I am cut too...
4,I saw it because the rating was so good, but I couldn't concentrate and it was so boring that I deleted it. Is it because I'm old? I used to watch Toy Story One
1,...............................A point is a waste for toys, but it's a point!!...
5,Why is this a 3D movie?
1,The Best Story
1,For Bosung! For loyalty!         This is 1 point LOL
1,Bosung didn't dub, so he's
1,There's no way the toys!
1,A movie without dignity is not a movie
1,He's not taking his toys
1,I don't know if it's a spoiler, but the owner Andy didn't take care of them and stood out alone
1,have no manners between toys
1,A ridiculous movie!
1,I'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouI'm from Oh YouFrom Oyu
1,at sunset
1,It's a waste of a movie that doesn'
1,Honestly, if it wasn't fun...
1,I think this cartoon is lacking a lot...
1,I can't find any of them
1,Don't you have any loyalty? You're trying to watch such a loyal cartoon. ㅠㅠ We, Oyu, reject such a loyal cartoon. Out! Loyal Oyu, GO GO! - I hope the U.S. will make a loyal animated film- All members of today's humor
1,a loyalist
1,There's only a story, but there's
1,How can a toy know?
1,It's a great movie, but...As expected, for Loyalty...
1,1 point for giving a toy girl
1,It's not that...
1,Let's go down
1,It's really high-quality and fun, but it's not acceptable that other masterpieces are being pushed back from their ratings, so 1 point ㅜㅜ
1,...추락될 것 같기도 하고...
5,The same pattern is a bit...
6,NAVER movies have changed today, and now NAVER intentionally puts out movie ratings. Of course, the rating is fabricated and I get caught according to the intention and it goes according to Naver's plan. The movie has a theme at the end, and the rest is just an additional explanation.
4,Especially the ending with zero empathy
5,Pixar was too greedy. That's too much. Make up for the fourth, or pull out
1,Not really...
6,The rating is high, but I didn't have both fun and emotion. Is it individual difference?
6,It's not very interesting.
1,What is this? It's not funny
6,I was bored because it's different for each person
6,Am I too big to be funny in this movie?
4,I'm tired of the same character but I made it well
6,Pixar has always considered being 'movie-like' with animation. There is no such thing in this movie.
1,Lasso... Bad...
6,9.3 It is too high.It's just the Sunnyside escape scene, and the rest is too obvious
6,a warm finish
1,It's not as touching as the previous one.Woody Buzz... Hi!
1,The first episode of "Toy Story" was the bestI dozed off while watching...;;
1,I think it could have been successful and reviewed because it was just a work that had the popularity of the previous one on its back.
1,It wasn't this touching
1,You have to lower it
1,It was boring...
1,Kkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkakkkakkakkakkakkakkakkak
1,Animation has developed a lot, but the story is notI think the whole series is good for kids
5,It's more fun to train dragons.
6,have a wrong rating I enjoyed watching Megamind and Rapunzel, but I didn't expect much from Toy Story 3
1,An obvious set-up. And an obvious set-up. Eight or nine people in ten can guess the movie by just by looking at the set-up
4,It's a world where even toys are chosen as their owners.
1,It's so boring
1,It's not fun
5,Did I expect too much? If it wasn't good...
1,The prequel is more fun...
1,It's worse than the previous one. Why is this the highest in the series?
1,I can't watch animation.
1,There's no reason... it wasn't funny to me.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
5,I don't think it's bad
6,It's just worth watching.
1,Not as good as Toy Story 1
1,It wasn't as touching as I thought.
1,One point
5,That's a really good movie
1,A lot of part-timers put it up
1,Am I old too? It's childish and boring
1,Do you think 9 points makes sense? 7–8 points are appropriate, so give 1 point to maintain balance
1,If you're touched, you have to get rid of the prejudice that you get 10 points
1,It was fun, but the rating was too high. 8 points would be appropriate.
1,That's too much. I think there are too many people who gave 10 points without thinking
1,Honestly, it's definitely not a 9 point rating
1,It's so high that I'm trying to get off... I think it's a 7.5 movie
1,Inception is also 9.13 and this movie is not enough to win 9.32
5,The ending is great, but the content is as conservative as the previous one Beyond the limitless space!
1,Yeah, it's too high.Let's lower the rating.
1,It's fun, but it's too high. Let's lower it
1,A movie I shouldn't have seen. The surprise that toys also have life and friendship was enough for once.
1,I don't think it's 9.33.
1,Let's lower it
1,Why do American movies feel cheesy?
1,I'm a star road. It's not much of a movie, but it's not a rating.
6,Now it's just one of the normal animations.
1,You have a higher rating than Shawshank.
5,I've seen it, but it's not as thrilling as before
5,Is it because it's sad that it's the last one? You have to play with toys when you are young!
1,I wanted to give you 8 points, but I don't think it's 9.31 points, so 1 point
1,Everyone gave me 10 points
1,It was worth watching, but the rating was too high. It was the tyranny of anglers, so I gave it the lowest score
1,It's worth watching
1,such, this, like this, this kind of
1,It's the end of cliche, childishness, and cliche. Really
1,That's too much. Let's stop here
1,I need to hurt you! You horoscope!
1,I watched it when I was in elementary school. Is it still on? a ridiculous rating
1,It's not that
1,Good
1,This is too much
1,Are you kidding me?
1,They were with me during my childhood. Like Andy, I should let you go. ㅜㅜ
6,I don't think it's an adult movie. The rating is too high
6,It's fun too... The ending is so empty
1,It wasn't fun
5,I was expecting 9.33. It's not as fun as it was in the first episode
1,I got 10 points after watching this That's strange
1,Let's be honest, okay?
1,It's not that
1,It's not that
1,Are you kidding me
1,이It's him
1,It's a joke, but it's scary for children to see lol
2,It's childish.
1,That's not fun.
1,Come down
1,It's fun, but it's hard to watch an adult.
6,It would have been nice if the movie was just for the kids and the adults were considerate for the adults
1,I've always hated Toy Story
5,I don't like it
1,It's a waste to watch it at the theater. I downloaded it and watched it
1,Well...
1,It's not that fun...
6,I don't know if it's because stories like this are common these days. But it reminds me of old memories.
1,I'm sorry I can't give you zero points. It's a dog rack
1,Part-timers... That's awesome.This OOO movie has a rating of 9? Hahah
1,..........not much
5,It's a movie that raises only cheap things
1,Damn-- why is this movie?Crayon Shin Chan measured it more
1,This isn't it...
1,It was fun, but I don't think it was worth watching at the movies^^;
1,Movie L, why did you open it?
5,It came out in the middle of the show
1,Let's lower it to puffed rice!
6,Not as fun as the first and second episodes
1,It's touching
1,not much
1,Is the animation number one?
1,..I don't think it suits me
1,That's not good
1,I don't think it suits me
1,I'm still watching things like this... Are you a baby?
6,I asked my cousin to tell me the plot, and he said he didn't know I don't know
4,It's a movie that brings back memories that make kindergarteners cry
6,A movie worth watching
1,ㅠㅠ Just tell me you're bored
4,It wasn't that boring, but I'm not as good as the previous one Haha
5,Pixar Annie's up is boring and childish
1,It's not a half-hearted movie, but it was the worst movie in the series, so why is the rating...
1,I'm disappointed more than I expected.
1,It's childish ㅠㅠ I shouldn't have seen it ㅠㅠ I should have turned back time and gotten cash ㅠㅠ
1,To be honest, it wasn't as fun as I expected because I had high expectations I think it'll be perfect for kids
1,to look at other people's ratingsYou are looking for fun. I was sad because I only watched the third one.I don't know
4,"Missing You" party!
1,I saw it, but it's so childish Don't ever watch it
4,Where should I cry?
1,I don't know why it's 3D, but the people below seem like part-timers
6,It wasn't as good as the Toy Story prequel, but it was fun.K
5,be neither bad nor good
1,What did you enjoy so much about this movie? Where are you going?
1,It's not fun at all For my personality this is ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
5,Am I old -- not even 3D. Other than touching moments, it was boring ㅜㅜ
5,About 7 points. It's perfect for kids hhhhhhhahhhhhhhhhhhh...
4,I feel like I lost some money
1,3D letters are too short and childish
1,I think 8 points is enough
1,It's an authentic Hollywood story that succeeds in overcoming the odds that I want to give 7 points.
1,It was so boring compared to my previous work
1,It was so boring compared to my previous work.
1,It was so fantastic
1,When I watched Toy Story 1 and 2, I didn't know because I was young. What I felt while watching the third one is that it's childish...
1,It's the same story for those who watched the first and second episodes
2,I thought it would be the best because people were so good at it It's not touching. The first half is fun, but the second half
1,Nagyugap is my father's neighbor, and he will clean up elephant dung in the zoo and make money to watch the animals
2,I like my son.
1,Touching? Fun? I can't believe NAVER rating.
6,Watching children playing with toys reminds me of the old days.
1,I am Gyu Gap, and my mom picked up the box and saw it, but I lost money. I am so mad. I am going to eat tteokbok
1,1 is the truth of Toy Story
1,Wonju was heartbroken to see the back of his family who turned around due to lack of money at the only 3D theater.
1,This really wasn't it
1,I don't like it.
1,Good
1,Why am I... sleepy?
1,I don't like it
1,not much
1,Woowanggood was the least fun in my life. Why is it a continuing?It's a waste that I didn't get 0 point either. Don't worry
2,Since they're rating you, of course, it's a high rating
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
1,It's a boring toy
1,It's a movie that has nothing to say--
6,They must be memories now.
1,What a waste of money
1,Childishness... is strong...
1,Too high. It's just a movie with a story
1,I don't like it, but my friends say it's fun
1,It was worth watching. I strongly recommend "Toy Story 3"
6,The story is good, the toys are cute, but it's not worth a rating of 9.40
6,Well... It wasn't that funWhy is it so high?
1,Of course, the content is good, but why isn't it touching?
1,I don't know if it's because I'm old, but it's notI'm thinking. It's not fun
1,It's too boring
1,-- Are you kidding me?
1,It's childish
1,I can't let it go because it's childish.
1,I can't say anything about it. It's the worst
1,It's time to go down
5,Why is the rating so high? It's just childish. The same feeling and content as the previous one,
1,I saw it in 3D, but why is it so high?
6,I'm sorry...
1,It's fun, but something...
5,I think this is it for "Toy Story".It'd be cliche if it came out to 4
1,I didn't know there were so many part-timers on NAVER rating.7 points is just right
1,It's a kid movie
6,It was less fun than the second one and I watched it in 3D, but there was a problem with the stereoscopic glasses...Doesn't feel like it's 3D ㅠㅠ
2,I was looking forward to watching season 2.I'm so disappointed.I'm bored.
6,Compared to his old reputation, the twisted fun story is obvious
6,Where did I throw away the toy? The first part was really fun. You must have been looking forward to it a lot.
1,I personally don't like it
1,Oh, my.
5,The toy I saw in elementary school 14 years ago and the toy now feels different
1,You're the truth
1,That's not fun.
1,It's a bit
1,not much LOL
4,I don't think there's any tension.
1,Fooled... It's a yudding movie... ㅜ.ㅜ
5,It's fun, but... I don't think it's worth beating masterpieces such as Shawshank Escape, Leon, and the Godfather.
1,It's childish
1,It's so fun.
1,훌륭하다
1,That's awesome
6,The bear's lines are memorable
1,It's so much fun
1,jackpot
1,I don't know. The rating is
1,I don't understand the ratings given by little kids. an obvious story
6,Honestly, it's just plain, but why are you saying it's a masterpiece!!!
1,If you download it. The rating is too high
1,Elementary school movies
6,It's bland
1,have too high a rating
1,The rating seems to be extremely high;;;
1,-------------ㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡㅡElementary school students
1,Let's do a fun update...
1,It's boring. I don't want to waste it either.
1,It's fun!
4,Did I expect too much? Or did my childhood innocence die?
5,Fortunately, you don't seem to have a part-time job here
1,It's fun, but I think 9 points is good
1,This is kind of fun.I thought it would be childish. But 9 points is enough. 9 points
1,Leave the part-time job
4,A movie that is not as good as I thought
1,Why is the rating so high? 5 points is enough. There is no glitter in the first and second episodes.
1,They're just kidding.
5,It's touching, but I don't like to laugh.
1,The worst in the series...
1,Toy Story should have ended in part two.
3,As expected, the series is hard to succeed.
1,loljackpotLaughingering) Laughingering)
1,Like trash
1,I'm not a kid. I'm no longer touched...This...
6,It was fun, but...After watching the movie, I suddenly thought that there was nothing left
5,.......It's a waste to pay and watch. But you're good at smirking in the middle
5,The standard is lower than it used to be.It's one of the movies that you don't have to watch in 3D.
5,It's a more obvious story...
6,Meditation-- it's not up to my expectations.I went with my kids, but it's not that fun.Haha
6,good for children to see
1,Stop.
5,I should have downloaded it.
1,I don't really...
1,I just don't like it
5,What? Am I weird? It was boring and boring.I watched it in 4D. Money was such a waste.
1,Please don't grade elementary students on NAVER movies. Conan and Toy Real, right?
1,--ㅡㅡ
2,I went to see Toto, but he didn't say anything
5,It's not as good as the prequel. Don't look forward to it.
1,As expected, it's fun. Make sure you watch it's
1,It's a bit overrated, like the storyline and children's movie that I've seen a lot, I think it's 8.3 but 0.5 to lower the rating
6,The story was good, but there was little 3D effect even in the best seats. Just the letters. 3D.
6,It was fun in the beginning, but I couldn't watch it because I was scared when the true colors of Lotte Department Store were revealed. ㅠㅠ
6,Is it because I'm old? It's not as interesting as the Toy Story I saw when I was a kid
3,On the day I went to see this, it was so crowded that I spilled popcorn and coke
1,disappointment , be disappointed, be let down
1,It's not fun unless it's 3D.
4,If you don't watch it in 3D, it's 8 points, but watching it in 3D, it's just my eyes are killing me
1,I think it's better if you don't look forward to it. I watched it without watching Inception, but I regret it.It was a waste of money
1,Toy Story 3 reminds me of a transforming robot that I used to play with when I was young.
1,You could've come down a little.
2,a one-point movie for adults
4,It's fun for an elementary school movie.k.a movie
5,It was easy
6,I went to show them
3,It's a little childish to look at with money
1,Elementary school movies
1,Good for a video movie
1,Naver movie will come back to its place when vacation is over.
1,Elementary school movies
1, attract, invite, lure
1,Animation is not good
4,I'm disappointed as much as I expected
1,Pixar's worst piece of work.Excessive action and far-fetched conflict.Annoying... They're not funny either!
1,It's better to train the dragon. be old-fashioned
1,It's too high.
6,In the eyes of the whole family,
1,I don't understand... 4 points! That's enough! a rubbish movie
6,Taming Dragons has raised people's eyes -_-;;; It's not a movie worth watching on IMAX.
1,It's a little...
1,Let's make an animation movie in Korea, tooK
1,Was I expecting too much? Oh my god
1,I'm just looking at the time.
6,It's the perfect movie for kids to watch
2,Rather than training dragons, Youngbyeol...Just look when you have time.
3,Graphic is worth seeing
1,I didn't watch the whole movie.I don't know
6,It's worth watching
1,It's okay for the kids to see
1,I was really looking forward to it, but I'm disappointed.T
4,It's worth watching
1,That's a little childish.
1,I don't really...
1,LOL I'm crying at the fact that I paid money to watch this movie
1,Honestly, I don't really...The most boring movie I watched recently...
1,I felt this when I saw Walle before, but Pixar has a rating puffed rice.
1,For adults...
1,Honestly, I don't really...It's just a baby animation.
2,For adults, it's a bit...I made it well, but it wasn't fun.
4,Children under the age of 10 will like it.It's sad to say goodbye and wrap it up
1,It's not fun...
1,Pixar movies are always very touching
1,Why do you have a lot of part-time jobs? I'll lower my rating. Fighting!
1,Play with your toys, YooA, who gave you 10 points
1,It's like watching a Pokemon with such an obvious ending
5,...........................Recommended for elementary school students...
6,As the main character is getting older, the scenario of the series seems to be rusty.
1,It's not a sad and light. What could it be?
4,One of the people who came out blankly after looking at the netizens' ratings... Touching? Phew!
6,Toys come to life, probability warp.
1,I want to give it to you about 8.5, but... I'll give you a discount since it's all 10 points
1,It's not a movie to watch
1,That's not fun.
1,It's not fun with rice. It's a little childish
6,It's just worth seeing. If you're not immersed in it, it's not that touching K
1,Is the rating of an animated movie in the 9th grade?
1,It's good to take out the foam
1,a childish development
1,Sorry if I fell asleep while watching it
1,Taming the Dragon, and the Extraordinary Bubble Rating
1,Childish movies
4,Why am I so boring? The action and the fun are much less than the previous ones. Not recommended.
6,There's no jam like I expected
1,Why is this number one rating?
1,Part-timers, stop giving ratings. This kind of movie is now at the top of the rating list. Being shameful
1,Oh, my...
1,A cruel toy movie where you can't look up the word fun with your eyes closed.
1,It's not being funnyLOL
1,It's a part-time job
1,It's a movie that hasn't been released yet. Who are you to evaluate? I don't know if it's a preview,
1,Was I expecting too much?
2,It's... it's boring I've been fighting with villains.It always ends with the villain losing
1,Everything is good...Why is the Japanese doll "Totoro" coming out?
1,crying
6,It's not much. It's for the kids
1,When others give 10 points, you need courage to give 1 point
1,When others give 10 points, I give 1 point.K
1,a childish show
3,Ah, why are aliens suddenly coming out? Anyway, it was fun. Consequently, fake
5,Is it coming out again?
