위대한 쇼맨
1,OST is good, but pt.Barnum's real-life character glorification is so bad that he gets 1 point. I'd rather take Barnum out
6,I wonder what it would have been like for disabled people to start a circus
1,
1,If the main character, Vermon, actually takes people of color and finds out what they did, I think I'll throw up. How far do you intend to glorify it? I can't really study history with Hollywood movies. It's all Mihwa and Gura is 80%.
2,It was worth listening to the song. What a waste of money. The story is too poor. The probability is a mess
6,A great conman who lived only for a "show" to be shown literally - 22.02.01
2,What I felt after watching this movie is that we're living now
1,It's a mess. Why is the rating so high?The song is good
1,There is nothing else to watch except OO-mmm song
6,Musicals don't suit me as well
2,The visual beauty and OST are so outstanding... It's a perfect movie, but the sudden development is so bad that I'm really sad about that T
6,It is true art to make others happy.
1,The song is good, but a trashy movie. The reason why the focus is on the story is because if you focus on the story, you can see how trashy this movie is
4,The childishness of the story has been brought to life by the song and the beauty of the video, but what if it glorifies Barnum's discriminatory and immoral side?
6,It's just... it's not as good as I expected.
6,It feels like I'm watching a real-life Disney musical animation. The overall production and Hugh Jackman's eye acting were impressive.
2,Why is this movie rated so high...?I thought it was a really lame movie with no probability and poor completion.The song is good, and the rest is 0... (But there are so many good songs. - Just listen to the OST album...) Ah... I was looking forward to it. I feel empty...+ I saw a lot of reviews that you recommended, but my opinion is against...I think the message was a total failure. If I just say the lines, does that mean I get a message?
6,I was looking forward to it, but it's not as good as I thought. The essence of glorification... I liked the first love song in the middle of the family, but the more I went back, the more I wanted to tell you what I wanted to tell you. an obvious and easy love Shouldn't we make peace sophisticated and realize it once again? I don't think there's anything to save except OST.
6,The production is good, the video is pretty, and the OST is good too! As a person who likes musicals, I feel like watching a musical. There are many awkward parts in the movie.Music and visual beauty are good, but...스토리 The story is also a little corny, and I think it can be covered depending on how you solve it. Unfortunately, however, the film doesn't seem to have worked out the cliché, and the way it unfolds is unfriendly. Sometimes, it is out of the blue, so I lose my immersion. Above all, I can't understand why Barnum is a great showman just by watching the movie. In conclusion, it's perfect for enjoying fancy videos and music! I'm going to listen to Ost
5,The Pied Piper, Hugh Jackman
2,It's like a movie with a taste. I don't recommend it to people who don't like musicals or happy stories.
6,If you look at the movie itself, it's a flat movie.It's a good killing time. But I glorified the true story too much. It's a little bit to glorify and disparage a bad person as a good person and a good person as a bad person. Just watch it with fiction Don't think it's a true story.
4,The movie was good and the song was good.The glorification of criminals is a little...
2,Musical that I watched?The greatest trash of all time in a music movie. First of all, he ignores the truth in history and glorifies the protagonist. I want to give 0 point, but I give 1 star because of Jack Efron Zendaya music. What are you doing with the famous actors? The storyline is "Ddong Ddong."
6,La La Land, which was released around the same time, has all the script, video, production, and music, so I can't help but compare it. The thrilling songs were perfect, but the movie itself left a lot of room for improvement. be outstanding as an entertainment movie
6,The OST is good, but the story is...
1,Worst movie ever. Do you think people like it when you wrap up a person's self-esteem, smeared with disabilities and infidelity? I was angry at the thought of it, but it is really shocking that people like it. I felt like throwing up throughout the movie.
1,That's so funny. Then live with a beard. You're not happy with everything.
4,It wasn't boring. It was fun
1,This movie is a glorified movie. You have to give it a point
6,The song really shines.
3,Was the person played by Hugh Jackman actually a good person?
4,The production is not solid, but it has a glamorous image
5,I try to replace flat plots and persuasion of characters with great songs.
6,The song was so good and touching, but if you think about the real story, you can't like it freely. If it was fiction, it would be your life movie
6,I watched this movie twice at home. Let's watch it again at the theater Should I not? Recommendations. No, no. Don't go
5,If you add karaoke to the Dongchun Circus,
6,Their story is beautiful, but his story is...
2,Even if it's a musical movie, can there be no story to it? I was looking forward to it. I looked forward to it. There should be some explanation and probability. Crying and laughing and dancing. I don't know if it's because I already know the song, but I don't feel the grandeur. The main character, Mihwa... If you think story is important, I recommend you not to watch it
1,It's my fault that I only saw good ratings. I felt uncomfortable next to my mom, who said it was fun, but it was a glorified movie. A movie I wouldn't even look at if I knew. But just watch this movie as a movie? Who's defending Barnum? Barnum's a heinous sectarian. Anyone who wants to search for it, search It's disgusting to say.Barnum's life story is the main story, but it seems that he tried to impress the minority in it, but the movie was written from the perspective of a white man. Barnum says don't hide behind them and come out of the world confidently, but didn't he put them on the show in the first place as a fun spectacle, not as a person? And what made them come out of the world was not themselves, but the expression was very passive like the white Barnum did. It made me think throughout the movie The song is a waste compared to the movie ㅜㅜ
2,It's amazing that the rating is high. Even if you dress up disgusting material with colorful music, it's just disgusting.
1,I'm just saying that the song is better because everything is not good, not that the song is exceptionally good.For those who don't like musicals, it would be better not to watch Big Short at home or at the theater
5,There's no big deal. The song is good
6,Singing and dancing...
1,Even if it's a musical movie, it's too obvious and probable. I was looking forward to the 9.3 rating, but the story is serious. Forget about the members' narratives. What did a white guy do to a black girl? LOL The movie doesn't deal with anyone other than Hugh Jackman, but it's amazing that everyone is suddenly awakened and singing. There's no twist at all, and it's a twist that just goes as expected. The OST and the visual beauty were so great that it was fun to watch, but the story is not worth 9 points...
4,I went to listen to the OST
6,I was looking forward to it. It wasn't as good as I thought
6,Obvious story, sloppy development and editing...It's just an ordinary musical movie, and I watched it after reading the ratings.It's a poor production Am I weird?It's a musical movie, so I think I ate the basics...But I don't understand this high praise...It's just boring.
3,A movie that's really poo
5,It's not that bad.  It's like Disney animation.
2,I'm not funny, I'm not impressed, I don't have any sympathy Eat your shit
5,The visual beauty and OST were pretty good, but they seem to be trying to show only the good side of life.I can't really relate to the reason why I fell in love with the main characters, couples, and black people.Humans are all equal and equal, using the experience that minorities are a circus.Well, I like this kind of theme, but I didn't even show what minority lives were like, but suddenly the focus of the story changed, and I felt like I was ignoring the minority... I felt like I was trying to emphasize the ost so much that the plot dropped
1,It's not fun or touching at all
6,It's just a musical movie.I heard it's much more fun than La La Land. La La Land is better
6,It was uncomfortable when I didn't know it was glorified, but considering the movie's permission, the OST. Circus scene was the best
6,It's like a fairy taleIt's all the more touching
6,Too artificial conflict development with sloppy stories that over-release clichés. However, I liked the music that made me excited by the colorful visual beauty. Although it was a poor work in an epic drama, the musical genre itself was interesting.
6,Literally, there is a feast of spectacular shows. However, with fast music, the repetition of too colorful, artificial, and excessive dance moves feels a little tired as the second half goes on. Rather, I am more attracted to some appealing songs that dig into my heart.
6,
6,The gaze of discrimination that cannot be covered by singing and excitement alone
1,Who should I trust if there's a critic with 9 points and Park Pyeongsik with 5 points?
1,Jackman, can't X-Men just come back? Can you shoot a movie like this?
3,When I didn't know the background of this movie, I thought it was a good movie, but after I found out the background... I'm just disappointed in Hugh Jackman
1,This is 100% fake...
4,Not as good as I expected. It's slow in the beginning, but I feel like I'm trying to finish it faster. I don't even know if it's that grand
6,The song was good
6,The story was too boring. The characters were so flat and obvious. It's not likely. On the other hand, music and video production were beautiful.
1,Is it a movie made after knowing the substance and history?It looks good on the outside, but it's just that I don't think I'm good.The professor recommended this in class Ugh... No answer
6,It's easy to see with your family.
1,A rating that only needs to be entertaining. It's a glorified movie.
6,There's not much to the story, but the music has done everything. These are already known masterpieces, but they are not comparable to what you heard at the movie theater.
2,Barnum's glorification didn't come out very beautifully in the film that didn't bother me. It's a typical Disney story, so easily open and forgive me ;; one thing I like is that my daughter is playing the tree at the end lol You said it's a must-see movie at the movie theater, right? It is fortunate that I saw it as 6,000 won on Culture Day
1,The movie itself is well made. But because it's a true story, the scenario of twisting the truth is really the worst. If you've searched Barnum once, you'll get goosebumps if you'll be able to glorify it like this. The movie itself is good. But I hate the movie because it distorted and glorified the truth.For example, let's say that Akira Kurosawa made Ito Hirobumi from the perspective of the Japanese as a hero of the country's salvation. Of course it's a masterpiece. But in my country...? It is good to enjoy the movie itself, but I hope you search for Barnum played by Hugh Jackman.
2,It's a real story. Everyone is disappointed except for the OST
2,Ernirumi Ryujurebureuni Ryu-ne
6,Without OESTEEZ, steamed buns without angkko
5,The song is good, but other than that, it's hard to watch.T
3,a glorified film with only the OST left
2,
2,Lastly, I really don't understand.The parents of the circus friends also abandoned them, and Barnum said he paid them back, but Barnum moved them to make money, and then he got another money source and threw them away. Isn't that even more vicious?At the end, I thought the circus was really nice. I saw P.T. Barnum two or three times and I only saw him as a bad guy. The song was really good. The acting was good
6,o~o ♬♪♩♬♪♩
1,
6,It was boring until the middle, but it's okay if you endure it until the end
6,It's famous. It's only 1.4 million
1,I can't believe he was a racist.
6,Personally, I don't think it was that fun.But the singing and actors' acting were the best ♥
1,The Greatest Showman Moon Jae-in Show! There's no end
3,an out-of-season industrial product He even threatened to be moved by the scale. The tiredness of paying for the old man you want to avoid.
6,It's just so obvious
6,The OST and video beauty are the best stories, and the direction is not that great
4,NAVER's movie ratings are down to earth. No matter how well you give it a rating, it's a six-point movie. It's a clumsy Ddan-Dda movie with little tension and no.
1,Falling into colorful videos and sweet music, everyone overlooks that the movie's real person is a very bad white supremacist who cheated audiences with all sorts of fraud and lies to make money and benefited from discrimination against the disabled, racism, and cruel animal abuse.
1,I'm getting goosebumps because this movie was made and the ratings are so high. I admit that the music is good, and I wanted to watch this movie because of that, but I felt so uncomfortable watching it.It seems to find confidence in physically unusual people, but in the end, it seemed that it was just for money and happiness with family was important, but in the end, the main character was blind to pursuing his dream. I changed the channel because I felt bad while watching it. I hope everyone knows that it was a movie that glorified a vicious person.
1,h
2,https://cafe.naver.com/cosmania/20225630 Read the wickets before watching the movie
5,
2,There's nothing else to watch except the song. After all, stories written only to white characters and awkward people of color standing like folding screens
6,
1,I can't believe this is in the 9th grade. It's a movie glorified by Barnum; in reality, he did all kinds of evil things such as animal abuse and racism on Frick show. It's really... There are a lot of people who are blind
5,It was just an autobiography that a white man wrote that I was successful like this. The OST itself is so good, but I was disappointed to see how they would deal with discrimination and prejudice against each other. It'd be fun if you didn't look forward to the story
1,Circus glorification film, a hotbed of animal cruelty. Zoos and circuses should not be consumed as hotbeds of animal abuse
2,For whom did you start the show for? a demonstration of one's ease
5,Only the music is good. It's not a movie, it' musical.
4,a film glorifying uglinessA movie that only has good music.
6,The movie cable did it that I expected, so now I'm springing, but it's not as good as I thought. The betrayal of the members who were kicked out in front of the banquet hall is over The animation Coco is better. The content is good, too!
1,I watched it because I thought it was a good movie based on my horoscope, but I regretted it after watching it. I was satisfied with Barnum's song and directing until I found out what he really was, but it turned out to be a movie that glorified an ugly person. I hope you'll be punished for glorifying human apocalypse, the guy who made those movies
5,It's obvious, it's childish... It's corny... It's boring...
6,There were parts I couldn't understand, but each song was good
4,Poor development. Lost theme. Overflowing music. Disappearing emotion
5,Wow, it's not good to be immersed in the movie, but it's a conversation, songs, songs, and so on. It's a movie. I'm not impressed and I'm cursed at since the middle of the movie
1,There are many scenes of drinking in a great movie. Alcohol is not cool and beautiful at all. It makes people excited and obscene. It's a world where people say, "Stop smoking," but drink like crazy.
1,It's a movie that will be fun for those who don't know what the real person is like
1,P.T., which says black people with birth defects are inferior and officially displays a postmortem corpse dissection show of a blind female black slave.Barnum's perfect beauty! The best movie ever that glorifies the terrible cruelty of animals, women, and the disabled with showmanship and beautiful songs that he has ever done! It shows us what history is
2,It's great to make a movie by glorifying characters
4,It's just an obvious touching story
6,That's far-fetched. No fun.
4,The story is cliche and every event is predictable. The message of equality and diversity to be put forward as a sense of theme is very Naive. It is true that the musical number catches the ears and a series of productions are pleasing to the eye, but the movie is full of shortcomings in its narrative and theme delivery.
6,I really like music movies and this is really... The music was good, but the story and music were too obvious, so the development was disappointing. I watched it several times, checking the remaining time. The sub-Nam Joo's eyes were sparkling and handsome. There's a harvest I got to know this guy
5,The song is good
5,The story is obvious, the love line is not convincing, and the performance of the members is less than I thought. But the song is really good
5,Even if you know the plot, it's not likely to happen. I don't want to justify that there's a hole in the story because it's a musical movie. The OST did it all, but there are too many lip-sync parts
6,I like the song and the acting, but the story, the story, the story, the story, the story, the story, the story, the real character, Barnum, is glorified
2,A great stage lacks persuasion
6,The music is so catchy. The story is... No, no
1,Diversity-bound, Kindness Complex
5,Is this a really good movie? The song is good.
4,I let you go to the Frickshaw. Confidence, equality, discrimination, identity, race, love, family, home... The director is a con artist. I thought it was a great musical, but I'm disappointed. A swindler who is full of words made a fool of the upper class. Hugh Jackman's Buffed Movie
1,o;충성
1,Since Hugh Jackman apologized, it's a bit unlikely that everyone will accept it.;
1,sedretttdrdrdrt
1,It's a waste of a star. There is no need for words. Don't look
1,Technology Leading the Aviation Industry and A
1,P.T., which says black people with birth defects are inferior and officially displays a postmortem corpse dissection show of a blind female black slave.Barnum's perfect beauty! The best movie ever that glorifies the terrible cruelty of animals, women, and the disabled with showmanship and beautiful songs that he has ever done! It shows us what history is
6,It's like gold-rimmed garbage.
1,P.T., which says black people with birth defects are inferior and officially displays a postmortem corpse dissection show of a blind female black slave.Barnum's perfect beauty! The best movie ever that glorifies the terrible cruelty of animals, women, and the disabled with showmanship and beautiful songs that he has ever done! It shows us what history is
1,Wow, you're going to give 10 points for this?
5,All I got from this movie is a killing time
6,To be honest, there was no answer to wrapping up a small minority to make money, but Ost saved it
4,A typical Disney family movie style. It's a musical ceremony.The song is not that...
1,dffdgdfrhgyrees
6,I made it well, but I couldn't get rid of the feeling that it was a movie for white men. The main character's narrative can never be called great, but why did he make such a person look like a great man?The movie itself is well made. It's just annoying the whole time the main character watches.
6,Rebecca is also the most beautiful woman in Hollywood
2,the face of a self-righteous businessman
5,The heroine's father said her daughter would be back, but she also came back. As expected, what parents say is the answer is the answer. The heroine is pretty.
6,Too much of a lesson.ㅠㅠI wanted to be Les Misérables, but it became Bollywood.crying
1,I enjoyed watching it. But it's not a 9.38 movie. This is why I don't believe in Naver ratings. The song was better than any music movie I've ever seen, but the completeness of the story and the naturalness between the story and the song were less than Les Misérables or Sunshine Onless.
6,It's childish
1,I had a good night's sleep
6,I only like 'song' but the song is so good
4,Barnum's distortion is not an issue, but even if it is considered out of the question, 1. the story's poorness 2. the shallowness of trying to sing a song 3. No impact except for a few songs 4. Pretending to be for the weak and pretending to be white supremacy
6,The music and acting were good, but I didn't like it in terms of glorifying the wicked.
6,Drunk on the glamour of the film, he looked at Barnum's biography and changed his mind somewhat
6,The music, video, and story weren't my type, but it's touching
5,Personally, it was the worst musical movie I have ever seen.
5,They cover up the poor story with colorful music and stage
6,Is it such a great movie? I think it's worth seeing at least once
1,How can you make this into a movie?
1,The reason why this movie has a 0.1 degree rating is not because it is a musical movie (there are many good musical movies) Because the movie itself is trash. Scenes that use minorities for entertainment (not for respect) and even glorify the members 'thanks to you' are truly ridiculous
5,The song is good and the lesson is good, but the content is obvious and boring...
6,It's obvious, but it's worth watching
6,The story was too weak and the song was good.
6,Musically, it's very exceptional, good for the film, the distorted glorification of the real person is bad
1,It was the worst movie ever.There's really nothing to gain from this movie. Why is the main character the main character? lol I was just so angry. I regret the self that I expected when the movie started. Why the hell is the rating so high? That was the worst. the worst of the worst
6,The actors' acting and singing are good, but the story is too obvious. Personally, it feels like I'm overrated
1,Even though I regret every time, I was fooled again this time.I will not watch musical or musical movies with this opportunity.
2,It's so predictable, so predictable, so childish;;; it's such a waste of time and money.
2,It's just a 1950s background where you keep dancing and singing, and that's all. I was really bored.
1,The story is very boring, and the melody and lyrics are also boring. I've already compiled what everyone has seen. I can't believe the rating is over 9 points. I'm cool! I'm the only one in the world! It's a good content, but the story is too poor and obvious.
6,a film that was a spectacular spectacle but not suited to the sensibility of the 21st century
6,a well-made musical Hugh Jackman wasn't the only one who could use a knife
5,I don't know how I got 9.3 points. The story of the movie is obvious and cliche. So I fell asleep while watching it. It's worth just listening to the song.
1,It's not a normal movie
6,9 points for singing and video beauty, 1 point for story. I think someone who is better than La La Land doesn't know the movie. Lara Land was overwhelming in all aspects of probability, theme, and storytelling. But I agree with the track. If you put all your senses in your eyes and ears like watching a musical, you might think it's your best movie
4,a splendid and witty musical film The sense of music and directing is pretty good. He's good at singing and acting. However, the director's intention to stimulate his boring dreams and fantasies about the show, based on a pseudo-frick show soaked in hankeringism, is likely to remain an eternal mystery.
4,a movie that ended after dozing off from boredom
6,7 points. It was worth watching for a movie with lines singing and dancing, and it evokes thoughts and emotions, but it's definitely not a really interesting movie in the 9-point range.
1,A movie in which trash scams and succeeds and then fails and then scams and comes back to life. How can you be moved by this movie when it seems to anyone that it is a fraud who abandoned his family in a minority discriminator?
1,Ugh, don't glorify--
6,It's more than a simple story, I want to say that it's nothing. It's good to watch without thinking because of the visual beauty and the song.
4,The story is too corny and the story is too fast...
1,Cringy, corny music is like CCM and the lyrics are childish
1,I don't even want to explain everything
3,That's crazy. Freak Show is beautiful. I only watched Hugh Jackman
2,I saw the potential. I don't think it suits me
2,Michelle Williams is so good. Manchester Byder was good too
4,Barnum glorification and so on. It's not fun at the end of childishness. The song is finished. I think it's better to go to YouTube and listen to two songs during the movie time
1,Musical movies are popular
1,I can't believe an Asian recommended this movie. It's just funny
6,I was a little bored because I don't like this kind of movie
6,The production is sloppy because of the fast development. The story is not enough to give the meaning of family. It also glorifies Barnum too much. But a song is a masterpiece.
1,the greatest glorified film of all time Barnum even did a show dissecting a black woman's body
6,It was boring and boring.
2,Are they part-timers? I can't watch it because it's childish
1,That's unpleasant. The only great showman is our Moon Jae In
6,It felt like it was breaking off from the start, but it's still there It's very unlikely I think it would have been better if I had extended the screening time and explained it in detailThe story is obvious, but the music is very satisfyingBut the music suddenly appears...
1,I thought it was a touching movie without information, but Barnum is a criminal who was very racist, so I don't know how to give him a score.When a dead person came out of the actual unit, he dissected it, displayed it, and even ordered the sacrament, so I felt betrayed
5,I'm going to lose
2,It glorifies real-life figure racist pt Barnum. Jenny Lindh disparaged the great man who really donated the proceeds that there was no scandal. I thought I should just watch a movie, but Japanese colonial era I lost my words when I was asked what it would have been like to beautify Japan and make a movie.
3,Barnum in the movie is so touching! In terms of movies alone, 10 stars are not enough. I wish I hadn't known Barnum for real
1,a racist glorification film
4,Am I the only one who doesn't like it? Compared to other music movies, the song is a bit cliche... At the end, I watched the baby with no expression other than being cute
4,Despite being friends since childhood, the translation of Charityman's honorifics to Barnum was very uncomfortable. Thanks to this, I lost my focus and my interest in movies decreased. I don't know who translated it, but please reflect on yourself.
4,The song was really good enough to give me goosebumps, but somehow the story didn't reach me
4,I made a good musical movie, but I am a Barnum racist, but I was angry because the movie was too beautiful. It was disgusting.
6,If the song was good, the content wasn't that great
1,Boredom. I fell asleep while watching a movie
5,The first part of the musical movie is interesting
6,I could feel the power and message of the movie's beauty and effect in the story.
5,I thought it was too fast until the last 20 minutes, but it was okay. I felt that it was a movie for musical scenes, and the character collapse was too severe. It's not a character, but a movie led by dance and song.
6,I like the OST. I don't like movies
4,Too obvious and flat story songs are good
6,Honestly, I was disappointed.  A great actor, a good song, and a true story. How can I only make it like this?Don't be fooled by the rating part-time job!  How can you compare it to La La Land?
6,an uncomfortable truth hidden behind the conversation
4,The story was terrible, but the movie was full of music and performance. The content glorifies all kinds of discrimination and shameless characters, including the beautification of the disabled circus and racism. I want to give 0 point for the song, but the performance is so perfect that the music and performance are 100 points
4,I can't believe it's so obvious?
4,It's a movie that really suits a woman in her 20s. Is it a movie that will be talked about 10 or 20 years later? I'm sure No. Hugh Jackman would like to increase his value as an actor by choosing his work now. He's a fundamentally brilliant actor.
1,I paid for it at home and watched it on TV. I think the song is from there to there. As everyone admits, it's a mess
4,The harmony between music and video is also disappointing, and the content is even more disappointing. The only thing that's interesting is the actors'
6,Hugh Jackman's singing skills were not good. I'm a movie buff, but I don't think I'm even halfway through musical movies. It's better to watch Moulin Rouge one more time. Please note that the low Rotten Tomatoes score is also suggestive.
1,I think the evaluation is too much.I think it's about 6 points.I looked forward to it, but the story is too sloppy. It's called a musical, but I felt awkward because the music was too much.Music is good That's all
1,It's a story that I saw somewhere. A movie that deals with stories that can't happen in real life and tortures hope, and xx-like movies that make people who rest at home and fill their energy into another special person and glorify them as if they have low self-esteem.
6,The obvious and boring story, the music saved. How boring would it be without music?
1,It's not a grade like this, but what's so interesting...
4,I tried to take time off on a topic that didn't even make sense
1,It's not funny, it's not funny, it'
6,The screen and the performance were awesome. It's a normal movie, but it's like brainwashing yourself as a great musical.
6,an ordinary story High quality performance
2,The truth turns out to be disgusting... a movie with too much glorification
6,Words are needed for movies like this
1,There are two kinds of visitors in the world. Someone who thinks of probability and doesn't need anything else in the first place.
1,If I knew why the expert rating and Rotten Tomatoes were so low, I wouldn't be able to give you a good score.
4,Honestly, except for Hugh Jackman...I was so disappointed. The song is good, but the story shouldn't be this random and childish, right?
6,I really enjoyed La La Land, but it is not my taste even though it is a similar musical movie. Is it the director's competence difference?
2,I honestly don't know if this movie is that touching...
1,I trusted the musical movie for the first time, and people who gave me 10 points have unique taste
5,It's not fun to watch
6,The story behind the glorification... It's so artificial
6,I had high expectations for the preview, but it was a calm movie.
1,Probability, story, music, scale. It's a waste of 1 point
5,The song saved the movie...If the song wasn't good, then a trash movie...It's the case for Frozen.
5,I knew what Pt Barnum was like when I saw the punctuation mark. I'd rather not use it as a true story. have a bitter aftertaste
6,There's nothing to eat at the famous party
6,Did I expect too much? It wasn't bad, but it wasn't as bad as I thought.
5,The musical is enough to catch the eyes and ears as expected, and the conflict between the characters (especially the Hugh Jackman character) is so easily resolved that it is unbelievable and some of the main characters' actions are hard to sympathize with.
3,I don't know if this is the average level of visitors... Or is it a rating manipulation created by the distributor's offensive volume? Just a local circus movie, wasting only the talent of great actors.
1,The American version of Princess Deokhye. As the reviews blocked the beautification of Princess Deokhye, I hope this movie will be like that... I'm so glad I failed at the box office.
2,It is a scene of inhumane abuse and exploitation, although it made sense to pack that circus dream into reality in that era.  Animal abuse, too. They don't pay me properly.It's obvious... back then
1,Do you know that I was expelled from Hugh Jackman Academy after filming this movie? Barnum is trash in human waste and Frickshaw is not such a beautiful thing but a past to feel ashamed of. How many people will admire this movie? It's a filth movie that beautifully wraps up a terrible history and character
6,The music is like Moulin Rouge, but the drama is like instant ltte
1,a film that looks like a shell with no substance
6,Not as much as I expected.
2,A ridiculous glorification story to think it distorted a true story.
1,The song was good, but the story was weak and the emotion line was connected
5,Happiness and frustration must be easy. Like his monotonous, fanciful show.
6,The show was enjoyable. That moment.
5,The show was great. It's like P.T.Like Barnum made it.
4,This is how the founder of the money-making frickshaw is glorified.
1,I give you 1 point for a movie that has nothing to do except singing because it has a high rating of 6 points
1,All the songs and dances are good. The most important thing in the movie is the story. Why did you put all the worries you felt throughout your life into one movie? It's the most extreme movie of my life. There's no substance, there's a lot of technique. I saw the worst garbage
4,the quality of a movie being unable to a song
5,The movie itself was so exciting and touching and good. But I can't give you a good evaluation because after watching it, I found out that it was a work that glorified a black woman who violated human rights ㅜㅜ
1,the ultimate in racism The Asian in the movie should be Siamese twins, and if you love someone who is white, will all discrimination be resolved?  It's a movie I want to give you 5 points, but 9.39 is not good
1,It was an attempt to wrap up the bizarre human circus that was popular in Europe and the United States at the time and was inhumane. It's not because the main character is a human rights activist, but a case where he got caught while filling his own interests. In fact, the people who were slaves (dog pigs) interpreted it well, so I finished it off
4,The heat of the concert may not cool down,
1,A very boring genre after the Phantom of the Opera. The content is normal and the lessons are good, but in conclusion, it is not fun. I want to give you 7 points, but the score is too high. 1 point
1,As expected, it's a movie that middle aged women watch.  It's like a crazy drama
1,The song, sound, and visual beauty are amazing. But the story is a total mess. In the end, a con man scammed and succeeded, but he cleverly wrapped it up in humanism. At the end, voluntary slaves came forward to help, and it would have been the biggest betrayal I've ever had, but it doesn't make sense.
3,I fell for my horoscope again. What are we going to do with these people? The whole time I watch it, the music stops beating, and I'm not comfortable with movies that teach me how to live my life. It's a bit unfortunate for killing time, but it's a little better than scratching the floor. I couldn't stand it from the middle, so my body got twisted.
6,The aerial swing scene will be hard to forget!
1,Why didn't you just release a music video?  This style is boring. There's not much to the story either
6,The scale is big and the song is good. Not even the video. But the story seems to be very vague.ㅜㅜ It feels like all conflicts are resolved with just one song I expected Les Misérables, but I was a little disappointed.
1,It was so lame and boring to act on the obvious I just looked at the ratings and failed
1,The obvious development, just a normal song.It felt like people played Disney animation. It's so awkward.I think it's too much to show a person's life in a movie, but it was still too much. There's a lot of glorification.Personally, I don't want to lose a point
5,The song is good and the acting is good, but it flows in a cliché.
5,The song is good, but the storyline isn't that great, it's a movie with a white man in the main, and it's like a real-life character, Trump, in Hugh Jackman's role
2,The members who were discriminated against by the main character believe in him as a family without a word of apology, did they really?
5,10 for movies, 0 for history distortion, 5 for history
1,People who call this a movie know the level of human rights in this country
1,a boring film of obvious development
6,I watched it twice because of Cho Mingyu's video recommendation. Phew, basically, the main character or anyone else doesn't stand in that position
1,The song is good, but just search for OST and listen to it It's not worth watching a movie. It's a waste of money
2,Do they really think this movie will get a higher rating than La La Land?  No matter how musical a movie is, there should be a convincing story. Everyone seems to be out of their minds.
6,Good to enjoy for a while ^^
1,I can't believe you glorified a con artist like this
1,High-rated living room story?The people who gave me 10 points don't feel anything weird? It's a very white-centric view, glorifying the circus members as if they were volunteering to overcome their confidence, and it's disgusting to see who Barnum is.Type Barnum on NAVER.prosperity only in our country
6,Even if it's an industrial commercial film, the sense of the subject is clearly...
1,I don't think it's a 9.5 movie. About 8.0jQuery22406948324278232709_1518951213609 Why is it so high?
2,A movie from the perspective of the perpetrator, typical of true story glorification.  I'm suspicious that I'm using a part-time job. The content is so trash that I can't waste the video and sound
1,People who like and dislike musicals are not recommended
1,Barnum, played by Hugh Jackman, is racist and discriminated against the disabled, but he glorifies this and sends it to the movies
6,The song was good, but it was too obvious.I like this song
6,I just watched it~~
6,The song is good. But I don't know what's more than that
6,The song is good. The story is not good enough. That's a bummer
5,the film as a whole is half-baked The storyline is too typical, so you have to compete with the visual part and the musicality, but this is also a bit bland. Killing time is good enough.
6,It's good to see you at the movies because you like dancing and music
6,It's a bit obvious, but the visual beauty and music saved it
1,Hugh Jackman made a mistake, got depressed, sang a song full of hope, and repeated it for 2 hours
6,It was just like that. I think I had high expectations for the evaluation
5,I didn't watch it in case it wasn't fun, but I regret it crying
1,The movie and reality are too similar Critics cannot enjoy the work The reason is the beautification of the actual protagonist of the work It beautifully wraps up the vicious and moral protagonist. Make the great soprano Jenny Lindh a woman of infidelity and professional unconsciousness...
5,Personally, I think the start and development was too short. I think it was okay for entertainment.
5,It's a musical about friendship and love over vain dreams.
6,The movie was interesting, but after that, I was ashamed that I had to spend this kind of person after learning the true nature of Barnum crying
1,A boring movie with no interest or emotion. Honestly, it was a waste of money.lol
5,The music was really good. The movie was good. But after watching the real story, I can't like it anymore.Terrible.
4,The song is good, but the story is completely predictable.
4,The main character is a main character An attempt to hold a frick show and wrap Pettivanum, who didn't know much about human rights, as a great showman
2,I thought you were the great showman, Mr. Moon.lol
1,If you're going to get ridiculed anyway, why don't you get ridiculed for money? - Barnum
4,Music and performance are perfect, but beautifying real people is wrong
1,At least lack of ethical consideration
1,It was a waste of money for me.
3,It wasn't as good as I thought
2,If only the song was good...I felt somehow unpleasant throughout the whole time and I was definitely offended after knowing about Barnum.And I tried to concentrate, but it kept getting salty because of the obvious story. Circus is not a place where minorities are respected, it's a place to be watched, but to glorify it...
6,The fancy colors were good It's based on a true story, but personally, the story seems cliche It was below my expectation crying
1,I can't believe I only watch movies.The movie, which distorted history by failing to glorify PT Barnum, was praised as a movie that glorified Japanese Japanese Military Sexual Slavery, and how angry would the descendants of black and disabled people who suffered from Barnum be when they saw this movie
1,Oh, don't look.It was the worst movie I've seen recently. I guess he wanted to cover up the story by using only the splendor of the screen after putting all the ethical considerations and the persuasion of the love line, but when the theater comes out, there is no song that I remember.  There are many other good music movies.
1,My hands and feet cringe, so I thought it was an anti-horse test.ㅜㅜㅠ
5,After watching a movie that really suits the word show, there's nothing left. It's just fancy, and I don't think I'll ever watch it twice
6,Even considering it's a movie, it's amazing to see the main character do amazingly well, but from a different point of view, it could be selfish  But the song is good to listen to in its own way
2,I guess it was because I had high expectations crying
4,The actors' acting, singing, and visual beauty were comparable, but they seemed to pay attention to the development of their characters because they were putting in unnecessary subplots. I repeated the chorus so many times that there were boring numbers. It was a subject that could have been a much better work, but it's a shame.
6,Just get rid of the petty assessment and enjoy it
6,A clumsy and childish music video
1,Not a single star... The narratives are cluttered, abusive, and discriminatory; the songs aren't very...
5,It's seriously boring Oh, this is the first movie that is so boring that money is a waste. I don't know if it doesn't fit my emotions, but the movie itself That's terrible. Hugh Jackman's acting was great
1,I looked at the rating and it was the worst. The main character is too old. It's not worth comparing to La La Land. I think I wrote a part-time job in the comments. Don't do that. truth.
1,Overrated itself. How much of a poor work has become a masterpiece and worth keeping for life? It is urgent to adjust the rating of a common commercial film focusing on "show."
1,What are you saying? This kind of movie is trash. It's a trash movie that glorifies trash
1,P.t Barnum's story...
1,The song and the performance were all good, but I was disappointed to know the reality of Pt Barnum.
6,Performance. The song is good
5,The song and performance were good
1,I like the great showman of La La Land
4,It's obviously an ng cut, but I could see the pictures that I just used. There were many pictures that had a confusing screen composition The song is so good. The story is a mess
5,Music was the best. But I fell asleep twice...
1,I want to watch a musical movie
1,A sample of a character distortion movie. Racism, animal cruelty, glorifying human apocalypse.
6,The development isn't that great... After the movie, I decided to think that I used a subtle emotional line that was difficult to notice. The song is good
6,I had high expectations, so I managed to do it!
4,It's obvious, it's not realistic, it's professional. It's a movie that's not perfect in every way, but only the performance and the song are...
6,The song is good, but the content is not...
6,The story probability is not good because it's centered on the story and the song that fits it. It's a structure that touches people who sympathize with the episode. The song, dance, and lyrics are great. And the main character doesn't get trampled by an elephant Don't give a weird spoiler
5,The song is good, but it was translated and ground, and I realized that the main character was actually more ground, so I wondered why they made this person into a movie and made him throw money away
6,Musical movie that's sad about the music...It's a bummer that the expectations for various sounds are not satisfied
1,I don't think it's in the 9-point range 1 point on a scale
5,The song and performance are good. The story is "No good.
6,Like a musical movie, there are good things to see and songs, but the plot is relatively weak
1,I didn't know it was a true story, so I liked it until the beginning But as time went by, I saw Barnum personality, and in reality, it was a real OOO plane I feel guilty about watching the movie. I should've searched a little bit before I saw it.  Don't look
6,The singing dance is worth watching, but that's it
1,I watched it, but I slept the whole time.
6,It would have been better if the story of getting out of discrimination and confronting it with confidence was more emphasized.It's a movie that women would like
2,The performance of the song and the parts was good, but I can't be moved by the excessive racism and turning the weak into a spectacle
6,The song and performance were really good
6,No comparison with Natbad and La La Land.It feels like I made a movie to release an OST
5,I don't understand why the ratings are so high. I can't believe I'm glorifying a person who marked a mark of racism and disability discrimination.The song is good, but...
1,It's too much to glorify the Frick Show. The ultimate commercial movie king who doesn't actually have a single message to deliver.
6,Singing and dancing are great, but the person's values are the worst
1,Looking from start to finish with no expression
5,Only the song shines... the Ten Cross
1,Did I have to get the movie material from Barnum?
6,It's so lame to glorify the cliché and cliché, but the music is so good that I chewed it all up.
2,This is the movie that I really enjoyed watching recently I recommend it
4,So it was worth watching. The score seems to be high...It's 9 points, but it's too high. I'm trying to adjust
5,There is something to see, but the content feels lacking
1,A movie to listen to a song; from the first scene lip-sync to the sense of incongruity +1 completely standard post-deprecation story. The song is really good. I saw it compared to Les Misérables. I was disappointed. I think 7 points would be enough. But the song is not old. I liked it because it has a modern pop vibe
1,It doesn't matter if you glorify it as long as the movie is fun. I agree that singing is good. But the whole movie is too generous to the main character. The way to overcome the crisis even if people cursed at it as a monster show and the theater burned down was to "strengthen will." Furthermore, his circus was not recognized by critics until the end.
6,It's normal. Then just
1,Yes, one song was really good
6,The topic is good, but the development is unlikely and it's so compressed that it's distracting The arrangement of scenes with music and dance was also unnatural.
1,I watched a movie without knowing anything. I thought it was wrong to treat a short person, but when I looked it up afterwards, it was a Barnum movie. I'm disappointed that you participated in the production of Hugh Jackman.  Barnum's glorified film that trampled on human dignity beyond race
4,The music is done.  I like musical movies very much, so the cut line for musical movies is low, but this movie is quite insufficient. The emotional line is not natural and it feels awkward. It's like an amateur script.
3,The quality of the work is good and I enjoyed it a lot, but Mihwa, the main character of black discrimination,
6,The music, acting, and the video on the camera were all good, but the ending was disappointing because I couldn't find the climax whether it was a true story or a fast development
4,There is something to see. Music is moderately good, but simple and undignified.The video is cool if it's cool, but it's so exciting. The story is so serious that I can't speak. If it's like Barnum's circus, it's like a circus, but if you evaluate it, you'll have to be an employee of a newspaper in the movie
6,The plot is good. I feel sorry for the high-class boy
5,The movie is forgivable only if you are a big fan of Hugh Jackman. No matter how bad the musical is, there is a limit to the story. And it glorifies the controversial figure too much.
2,It's my first time writing a rating. It's not that great. The song is so obvious.It's not fresh at all.
2,The worst of the worst except musical characteristics. The story line is corny and the love line is... Trash... Success, failure... It's obvious that he overcame hardships, right? Let's say the last quote and wrap up the screen. The end of cliché.
1,All the characters on the screen are good, but the content is...
1,That's not funny. In Seong is not funny either.
6,It's a good movie, but it's not to the point of receiving such generous reviews.
5,Music is good, but everything else is lacking
6,A flashy but predictable and cliche story. a light-colored apricotThe ears and eyes are pleasant, but the shallow depths of the heart are not touching, just like watching a particular type of grand theater musical. I think people who like that kind of thing will like it.
6,It's fun. There were a lot of interesting developments and ridiculous ideas, but for time killing, it was fancy
5,Just look at the song. The story is cancer
6,The song is good, but the story is not enough. In the beginning, the scene is beautiful, the song is good, and everything is fine, but the story seems to be losing its center of gravity from the middle. Nevertheless, if you want to listen to music, there is a good reason to go see it!
1,It was fun, but to adjust the score
6,I didn't feel bored and full while watching, but it didn't fill my heart.
6,The movie goes as expected.Conflict-hope-happiness...The music was good, but the movie was soo
1,I love all movies and my hobby is watching movies, and I felt bad even before I watched this movie. However, I was surprised by the more corny and childish direction and story than expected. It's really like a mummy 3 and it's a movie that makes us know the level of the Korean public
1,I want everyone to know what Barnum was like
4,I listened to the OST and watched it because the song was so good, but the character is too flat and the content is not likely.  The part where the conflict is resolved in the drama is too contrived and the song is good, but it doesn't leave a lingering impression like La Land
5,It would be fun to watch with a pure heart, but the content is too cliche ㅠㅠ
1,That's too much for the movie. I guess a part-time job exists Other musical films such as Les Misérables and La La Land are embarrassing to compare. It's even worse to learn that he glorified Barnum. The performance itself gave me goosebumps from time to time, that's all!
1,I felt sorry for the black people and the disabled who were discriminated against because the story was not probable. Barnum did not allow them to enter society, but he made them typify as if they were looking at animals in zoos so that they could not be further integrated into society. I think I just wanted to show you dance and sing. the worst.
3,Great showman x great businessman. If you promoted as a showman, you should show the show mainly, but there are many scenes where you roll your business, and like the spirit of Pt Barnum, the movie is exaggerated.That's cool.The inserted music is good, but the overall content and flow are awkward
3,It's fun, the song and the direction are definitely touching, but... I felt uncomfortable the whole time because of the main character's attitude and personality. When you get money, you talk to him, and then you don't take responsibility, you just show off. I felt sorry for the other characters who believed and followed him. The story wasn't enough.
1,Please don't watch it. It's the worst movie ever. It's a movie where evil acts are glorified.
2,I can't concentrate because I'm uncomfortable watching.
1,A movie that's worth a point. It's such a waste of money.
4,I'm excited. While I like the cheerful song and story, I get goosebumps.
1,a rare film of deceit What part of Barnum was fascinated by and spent so much time and money glorifying him.
6,I guess I'm not a music movie. It's similar to La La Land
5,The perfection of the music was good, but the disappointment of glorifying the life of a criminal.
6,The level of completion is really good...The song is really good, too...I can't give you more than 6 points because there's Ptivanum glorified
2,I just saw that I wasn't the only one who felt this discomfort...How can I make a movie with this material? People who say this is life movie really don't think about it lol If the song was good, I would just forget the story and remember the song
1,This one boiled down even more.Zzz
1,I don't know why it's around 9... The dance and the song were perfect, but the story was so confusing.The development is also strange
5,If you watch it without expectation, it's a good movie for killing time
4,Why did Hugh Jackman try to play this guy?
1,To glorify a racist like this;How is it different from describing Japanese war criminals as heroes?
1,It's better with God
6,Hugh Jackman after Les Misérables was pleased.The OST is awesome.Michelle Williams' performance was good.The lack of time led to a lack of foresight in the story.Zendaya was pretty.
5,I saw it because people around me said it was awesome ㅜㅜ It was just like a 12 year old movie.
1,It was just so-so.  I wondered why I watched it
1,I don't know what kind of person Barnum is glorifying. If you describe it in Korean way, it's like a character who dressed Koreans in hanbok and locked them up in an exhibition hall and paid money to Westerners coming to Japan. A movie is just a movie, but you don't like movies that beautify Japan, do you? But do you like movies like this?
6,The song and scene production were good, but the story was
6,A movie that only Hugh Jackman saw. A movie that was meant to stop
6,It was fun. I think La La Land is more fun
1,Tribute to the con man I don't see why he's making a film that instills the illusion of this character
5,It was a film that praised the non-mainstream, but not like the mainstream. All kinds of glamour and glamour. There was the same breathing as the second La La Land, but it was not very impressive. Overall, it was disappointing. But the music was exciting and I wanted to clap while the scene was over.
4,A movie that prioritizes micro-organization over flow and direction.
1,This movie, which depicts a rare swindler, a person who only reveals money, as a humanist full of dreams and passion, is very disgusting. It is no different from Pax Americana.
1,It's disgusting to see the socially disadvantaged from a white person's perspective and they're expressing it as something else
3,For a show, the story is uncomfortable.
3,It was boring because it was obvious other than dancing on a rope
1,I hope people who think that this movie glorifies Reggie Barnum is a real scam, and that people who see it differently than the movie character and the real person, will enjoy watching the movie where Rhee Syngman comes out as a hero saving citizens
1,This is a guy who's been turned into a spectacle for black people and sick people to make money until he dies, and it's disgusting to find out after watching the movie, but the OST is okay, but it's too glorified
4,The song is good, but the story is not...
3,It was fun Um recommendation
1,It was uncomfortable watching. A movie that turned racist into philanthropist.
6,The song is good...The rating is very high, so I was looking forward to it and got hit on the back of my head. It's unlikely and a bit childish and cliche. Only singing and directing are good.
5,It was a film that seemed to sympathize with the minority from the standpoint of the thoroughly white, mainstream people
1,The rating is too high. If the movie itself was boring, I would only sing songs that didn't work...The story is 90 percent similar to the animation with elephants. Boringly watched...The story is the worst. I think it'd be more fun to watch the step-up for dance songs
1,It's because of Kim Cha Ni
1,It's been a long time since I saw a movie without any memorable scenes.
1,It should be in the late eight points range, but it was overrated.
3,I was shocked to learn the actual model after I saw it. If I didn't know, I wish I hadn't seen it. Circus is an inevitable performance?It's a pity and a bittersweet. It's all the more so because it's only released in Korea
5,The movie itself is the best movie I've ever seen this year. I don't like musicals, but it made my heart flutter
5,The aerial acrobatics and the song were good. But the most important thing is that I got flustered after the movie because of the poor storyline. I don't know what the movie wants to say after all because I only cared about the performance.The more I think about it, the more I feel like I'm out of my mind and not letting others understand
6,The singing and directing were okay. The other parts weren't as good as I thought
5,The song was good, but the story was too much ground
2,A father who rode an elephant to his daughter's performance.
5,a typical American film Childish development, childish ending, in fact, even glorification was clumsy, and the music was below expectations.
6,It wasn't as good as I expected.
6,I slept, I slept, I slept, I slept, I slept
6,Moved in the ordinary, never enough performance was my favorite
1,The cliché cliché, the derogatory frickshaw glorification, not to mention the storytelling. Definitely the worst movie I've ever seen this year, losing nothing but innocent beautiful music!
1,No words needed. Making this a movie.
5,The movie itself was pleasant, but... Even considering that it is a musical genre, it is difficult to give good grades due to the very complacent development and repetition of similar melodies. It's not that fun either... A movie that's just a one-man show.
1,Watching a movie that glorifies all the evils committed by a real person in the opposite way, I couldn't understand what Hugh Jackman was thinking about filming this movie...The scene where he voluntarily jumps into the circus while singing the most resistant song is the most shocking
1,I can't just say it's fun
3,Is it because I was expecting too much? There was enough to see. But there was only enough to see. There was no sensibility of La La Land, no grandeur of Les Misérables, no music of Hedwig. Just spectacular attractions and uninspiring music. I don't know. It was disappointing.
1,I don't even want to watch this movie. There's nothing terrible about Barnum doing to a black woman, distorting, glorifying, and throwing up
4,Just a normal movie ^^
6,It's fancy and the song is good. But the story is too corny. Don't look forward to La La Land
4,There was an uncomfortable scene
2,Who said this was greater than La La Land? an improbable story Uninspiring music. I slept better than the movie maybe because I was tired.
6,The movie that really liked the OST and the visual beauty, but the movie that only liked the OST and the visual beauty. No matter how good the song and video are, it's bound to be exhausting if it keeps coming out, but the sloppy and obvious development has dragged it down even more.
6,It was the worst movie I've ever seen this year. It is a movie that lacks a lot of obvious developments, poor finishing, and awkward conflict. All that remains of this movie is Letty's song.
3,It's boring. It's boring Boring.
6,Fancy‥but the story is not enough. A really commercial movie. The song was really good!
1,There's a sucker born every minute...Indeed, most spectators seem to have been duped again.Like the public in the movie...
2,The music was really good, but I fell in love with Barnum's anatomy show
1,I was wondering why the ratings of the audience and the critics were so low, and I looked up Frickshaw and PT Barnum and it just came out. I'm sorry for ignorance
4,I think the story is obvious The screen is pretty
2,Flamboyant dancing and singing to glorify the dirty past
1,Is it different from historical distortions or movie ratings? Those who gave the film 10 points are no better than 503's defense of national history
4,It's a real presence, but it's amazing
5,I don't know why people say it's funny.
1,The film, which glorifies Barnum, is the worst. If it wasn't for the movie that made the worst person the best person, you deserve a perfect score of 5. It is like a movie in which a dictator who made all kinds of irregularities made people say that she is clean, diligent and diligent.
6,The show was spectacular, but the development was too fast. If I were a wife, I'd throw Hugh Jackman into the sea and end the movie.
2,Good music and a cliche and simple story
5,Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my God
6,There was a laugh at the unexpected pop song that didn't go with the background of the times. This movie is better than Les Misérables and La La Land? It's "Oh my!"
6,If there was a way to reduce distractions,
6,The reason why you have to filter out NAVER ratings. Our audience seems to have dropped to the worst level...
1,Aside from Barnum's actual track record, there are many problems in the movie itself. It was ridiculous to see that the underprivileged were able to come out confidently to the world through the Frick Show. It is rather incomprehensible that Barnum became controversial only after his substance was known.
1,the worst glorified film I'm angry to see this.
1,It was fun to watch without knowing, but it wasn't fun to learn about PT Barnum
6,I thought it was a great match. In 3 minutes, it was a big hit. In 3 minutes, a crisis came. In 3 minutes, I sang a song and overcame it. It repeats for 2 hours. The audience, who have no chance to sympathize or have no time to immerse themselves in the song, is curious about what that is.
1,The media can never be value-neutral as long as there are humans who interpret and use it, and at the same time, the media must take ethical responsibility for what it expresses.
5,The song and performance were good
1,I'm not saying it's boring, but the rating of 8.7 is appropriate
3,I went to watch it lightly, but the plot was not as good as I thought, and I watched it comfortably, and the overall plot and ending were so predictable that it was disappointing.
6,It catches the eyes and ears, but it feels very insufficient in terms of content. It's perfect to watch as an entertainment movie.
1,With "Musical", you're watching cheap ramen turn into a fancy steak^^ Too Overrated
1,That's too much of an ordinary movie with a Rotten Tomato Index of 55%.
1,I'm going to leave my first GPA. Story... It's so cringe-worthy. It's childish. In short, it's not good enough.  100 won. It's Eunyeong. I sighed the whole time. I really don't understand why the rating is so high.
1,The movie was good, but the rating is lowered because of the glorification of the trash character Pt Barnum
3,Regardless of completeness, works that glorify real people who have committed evil deeds are not excellent. It's distorted like a warship
2,Is there any reason why the true story of a white man buying people with disabilities as something to see should be glorified as a movie?
4,People who like musical movies will like it
4,The story isn't coming in very well
6,It was a musical movie after a long time, so I watched it well and it was meaningful because it was a movie that encompasses discrimination against race and unusual people, but I couldn't overcome all the mistakes made by the movie, which is a passive role led by men and followed by women
5,Too fast to focus on the content, a movie that showed only music and dance. A movie that was a little disappointing than I expected.
2,a song that is carried by the collar
1,a more vicious film with a problematic subject in beauty
4,A movie should be seen as a movieHowever, insisting that a lie is true cannot be a legitimate attitude. I've had a lot of eye candy eyes.
5,Disappointed to know Barnum for real
2,The story is so cheesy...I was wondering when it would end. I don't think there were a lot of people to film...It was the worst movie in recent years, and I am shocked that it has a rating of more than 9.
1,The movie itself is a musical movie or background that makes you feel shocked. The tempo of the movie was so fast that I thought it was 1.2 times faster
1,A dangerous romanticization and anachronistic biopic made with a strong sense of ethics itself
4,There are so many great stories in musical movies.
1,I'll give you a rating of 1 point.
1,It's a really bad movie that makes me throw up while watching it. I know Hugh Jackman and Zendaya are crazy, but there will never be a crazy storyline like this again, and there will never be a movie that can use the subject of circus so loosely. It just really stinks.
1,It was touching and fun. But 9.3 is too high.
1,Barnum seems to be a controversial person. It is said that it is only a movie, but it does not seem to be remembered by many people. I guess I had to filter out the movie on my own as an audience member
1,It may have been perfect for a musical movie, but it was full of all kinds of fabrication and victim deception. It is sad that great music, choreography, brilliant actors, and colorful directing were used in films to beautify Barnum. It was painful because I felt uncomfortable throughout watching.
1,Films like crap. Disgusting. I frown from the middle. an improbable storyline The level of director who hits the audience with no reason to accept it
6,Judging from movies alone, the flow of content is really serious except for childish movie music, background sets, and choreography that are not likely to be true in the past.I was wondering what I wanted to convey before I knew that it contained a true story, but I was disappointed that the movie gave 6 points for musical based on the characteristics of the musical
5,The song was good, but the story is so bad. If the movie itself was like a circus showing scenes due to lack of emotion, what are you doing with our Hugh Jackman hyung? But it was fun because of Jackman hyung and the song. It's so fascinating that the ratings are high!
4,I don't really like white ideas
3,It's not fun, it's not touching, I should have just stayed home and looked at some new things.
1,Do you know that Barnum bought a black slave and did an autopsy show when the slave died?That's one of the reasons Barnum became famous. How can you glorify someone like this? Typical white supremacy
1,One Star is also from earlier ^^
1,This gentleman cheats even when he's dead. It's a musical movie, so aside from the music, people say it's the guy that came out as a surprise, the guy that showed that he found a mermaid. It's actually been two bodies weaved. Who said black people were inferior? For minority human rights?It's a real showShow!
1,Did you know that Barnum, played by Hugh Jackman, is actually a white supremacist sex offender who doesn't hesitate to discriminate against people, discriminate against people with disabilities, and abuse of animals? This movie is about the level of killing your darling criminal.
1,It's a very glorified movie. This guy, black people, he's a big racist, he's been glorified as a movie, and he's been boycotting it in the United States
6,The main character creates a circus and recognizes people with social prejudice, such as fat people, dwarfs, tall people, bearded women, and black people Man has been given dignity regardless of appearance since God created it So you have to obey in the order of creation to be recognized for your dignity
3,The performance and visual beauty are great, but it is to be blamed for overly glorifying the ugly things of Barnum's real personality, and for not properly repenting the mistakes Barnum himself made to the members in the movie and paying the right price. A non-disabled white male self-defense movie.
6,The story development is cliche and conflict development and resolution are weak. The song is really great and there are many things to see.
