터미네이터
2,Are you in your right mind? Why does the Korean movie Alba cut the ratings for classic movies? I wonder what the Korean soldiers would have said to Parasite lol
5,This is why you have to skip the netizens' ratings.It's either a 10-point part-timer or a terrorist group that rates a masterpiece of the century as a dog.I will remain neutral.Honestly, does 1 point make sense? Avatar and other big movies are also ㅈ임임.
6,Hmm... At that time, the subject of robot-human confrontation was original, but it was too action-oriented gun fight movie for me who doesn't like action.
6,터미네이터
1,It can be very boring, so be careful... The cliché is the point of this movie.
1,Special effects, tacky. It was a special effect at the time, but compared to Star Wars, it wasn't that...
1,It's a simple killing time.
1,Nuninolu sweatpants
6,This is a 1984 movie
6,Liz only dies after sowing once. As if a male demon is eaten by a female demon after a relationship. Life is a sad man. But isn't the heroine too carefree? But if Sylvester and Arnold fight, who wins?
1,It was so grand.
5,Considering the times at that time, I think it is an imaginative scenario, but it is a difficult movie for me.
6,To be honest, it's not fun from the perspective. Iron Man is much more fun
1,I gave a point to this masterpiece, which means I deserve to be a villain
5,Compared to the Matrix, it is a movie that is inferior to the Matrix in terms of direction and worldview
1,Director Lee always kills men at the end, even though Titanic does. Woman liberator. What's wrong with a man?
5,I hope. My dream... The movie let me know! My heart that's in my heart...
1,At the end, the terminator CG is too obvious
1,Much worse than 2...
1,On the poster, Arnold
1,The rating is 9.3...
4,What do Terminator and Avatar have in common? There is nothing to watch except the video.
1,I don't like it right now
6,Is it the beginning of muscle man?
4,The limitations of the classic SF, which would have been the best at the time, are too shabby to look at nowIt's a lot of fun, and the storyline is not that great, but there are a lot of scores for waterboarding
6,I don't know. It was fun, but I watched Cameron movie too bland.  I personally really like Cameron. But I wasn't as impressed as Terminator 1. Is it because the rest of the drama is amazing?
4,Personally, Terminator 3, which received a lot of criticism, was much more impressive T2 wasn't good either
6,Still, it's a little boring...
1,I don't know much about Coach Num's previous work.
1,What's this?
6,If you don't think about the production year, it's just an action movie.
5,Terminator's red-eyed force. The start of the storm!
5,Wow, Governor Arnold is really bad at acting.===;
1,a masterpiece
6,Awesome Schwarzenegger's charisma!
6,I think this movie itself is excellent, but the first movie is boring
4,It's been very simple since the middle of it. Even the chase scene is childish to watch it now
1,cool
1,Not really...
1,I don't like Arnold because he looks dirty.I like Stellon more...
1,The "Terminal" series is not fun except for the second one
1,The worst movie I've ever seen in my life... is a robot, a factory machine, a robot
2,I didn't know at the time, but now that I see it again, it's so boring and boring.
1,Good
5,It's not fun to watch it now
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,awkwardness
1,It's really not funny or touching
6,In 1984, I think this movie is the best.
1,Just eyewash
1,Why this is 10 points --;;
1,It's not fun. It's boring.
3,Strangely, I thought the second episode was more fun
1,Top
4,Seriously, why is this number one...?
5,What? Why is this number one?
1,I don't like "Take my example"
1,Me too. Why is this first place?-ㅡ
1,Why is this first place??This is lower than Shawshank's escape.
1,be old and old
1,Why is this 1st place?
1,This is first place?
1,I don't like the body! Why?
1,It's not the best movie...
6,Even if it came out in 2006, it would be easy to get more than 6 points with just graphics.
1,It's been so long. Pass
6,It's fun. Action, good
5,The movie, which was a hit, was only two, not one.The first part is boring
1,It's too focused on the machine
2,Because of the image of the sequel,
1,The disappointment is as great as expected.
1,a movie that is no more than fun
2,It's fun
6,It's not as good as the 2nd episode, but it's still fun
4,The first part is actually... It's just for the second one.
4,It was fun! Yes!
1,Well...
