토이 스토리
2,Why am I not funny? Maybe it's because I'm getting older.
6,I'm a little touched. Just to take time off
6,Why am I not funny? I'm lonely
1,A horse, a horse, a horse, a horse, a horse, a horse, a horse, a horse, a horse, a horse.
6,I was really looking forward to it, but it wasn't good.I was going to binge watch it if it was fun, but I didn't have any plans.
1,It's a masterpiece that deserves 9.3 points and 93% favorable reviews?
6,I watched the first one to watch the fourth one, and as expected, it was well made.It's not a good score for nothing.
1,Grand Canal and International Accounting Prices
1,There's nothing high about Fatini.
1,qghuyjjgfgted
1,Meeting with the International Accounting Union for Use
1,My childhood innocence has been destroyed This reality is sad. sad
1,Anime is an animation
4,Summer movies for elementary school students who are not good at school...I don't know why the ratings are so high
1,It's not fun to chew! It's so boring
2,Was it the first episode? I remember it was fun, but I still had the impression that it wasn't a bad movie
6,Anything... That the first time might be right... I don't want you to lose your initial intention rather than show more.  I want to give a perfect score to a movie.
6,The novel narratives that remind you of your childhood memories are excellent.
1,If I were an elementary school student, I would have given 10 points.
1,A movie that I really enjoyed watching
6,a living toy
6,My fault is that I expected Annie like Wall or Ratatouille. It's just a toy story.
1,Is this funny? I'm really sorry, but it's so boring. I'll give you one point.
1,Wow, it's more fun because it's been a while.
1,It would be fun for children, but it's just childish Rapunzel who's grown up
6,I had high expectations
6,그저 그래요.
1,Childish jjamppong
1,It's not funny
6,It's fun, but toy friends are mean.
1,an extremely American and commercial film
1,Why is the score so high?It's fun, but...
1,Honestly, it's a kid's movie
1,When you need to report
1,It's not funny;
1,I'm so full of energy... A movie over 10 years is suddenly coming up -_-;;
6,Tom also has an excellent voice acting.
1,They say it's childish -_-;;;;
2,be not very interesting
1,This is not the point now
1,Tom Hanks' Forrest Gump is childish
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,It's really not that...
1,I enjoyed watching it, but this is number one.
1,Mudge, are you kidding me?
1,It's a movie, too
2,It used to be the best... Since I'm getting older &lt;puck~
6,It was the best Annie at the time
4,It's'
1,Not really
1,This is ridiculous, but I think it came out when I was in middle school
1,There are many better animations than this
1,You're lying
1,I don't like it
5,a story that a child would like
6,Disney's best animation. But cartoons are cartoons...
4,This is fun.
1,It's not funny, it's childish, it's annoying
3,I can't believe it's covered because of Toy Story 2. It's a shame...
