도가니
1,A movie with left-wing junkies. 0 point!
1,Can I have kids shoot a movie like this?Is it legal? I disagree
6,The bathroom scene gave me goosebumps
1,Don't overdo it
5,It's a killing time. Don't forget it
6,The film captures the real-life accusation message in an appropriate way, not too much.
1,the natural reason of the Republic
4,It was like a horror movie where you had to face the truth
6,I want to scold someone. Can I call Gong Yoo and Jo In Seong?
5,It's good to keep the story real, but if there's anything that's unfortunate, I think it'll be more relatable if you write the sign language in subtitles
1,LOL It's a movie for girls
1,What are you doing with the babies? Did you have to do the same thing with the little ones?
5,I avoided it because I thought it would be hard, but I finally saw it, but it's still hard. But you have to be angry when you see it
5,I cried when I saw it. It's shocking. How can you do it so perfectly?
5,It hurts enough to watch a reenactment.
4,The ugly, vicious river kingdom I don't want to see twice
1,Jeolla-do is also...!
1,Jeolla-do, these three are enough
5,a provocative and vexing accusation But it only makes me angry
1,I'm afraid it wasn't funny
6,Even if you're angry, face it head-on at least once
6,You made it very well, writer Gong Ji-young was good and movie was good.  The reason for cutting stars is that there is no movie element other than an issue that should be known socially. The fact that churches can be seen as such bad. The world is not all divided between good and evil.
1,How can a movie not be based on a true story? Movies should have cinematic perfection and fun. A movie full of slogans.
1,It's a rather rich movie with a lot of exaggeration
6,a hot accusation, a hollow story
1,The victim of the crucible lost the compensation trial for the state.  I don't see if it's deleted on Naver's ranking. Jessica's withdrawal.Just a bunch of typos.  Once a victim is buried forever, he has to suffer...
5,It's just a normal piece of work. Nothing more or less
1,It's not a good movie. I don't know why the rating is so high even though it's not funny.
1,The rating is too high.To be honest, I saw it because it's a real accusation that I can't feel the big attraction in movies
6,The discomfort elicits anger and empathy. a masterpiece in a social film
6,To be honest, it's a movie that can't be found for fun. It's because this movie is based on a true story. After watching this movie, I realized that there was an incident like this. Like this? There's really nothing to see. a foregone conclusion to a foregone conclusion to a foregone conclusionI'd rather read the news about this case.
6,Social charges are good, but that doesn't complete the movie.
1,Gong Ji-young and the double standards of nosy people who are not interested in disabled people see themselves on par with the perpetrator
6,This movie is not about the value of the movie itself, but rather about the social accusation of the incident. Of course, I'm angry and sympathized with the incident, but the directing that only causes the audience's anger through the description and delivery leaves a bitter aftertaste.
1,Gong Ji-young is that so?LOL
5,I think people should keep their principles and conscienceI hope that you live the right path like the male and female protagonists in the movie "Dogan."
2,Why do you make a movie like this?Is Gong Jiyoung a person?
1,Usually, Koreans do not worry about the human rights of the disabled at all.
5,I think the movie benefited a lot from the material. The movie itself is not very...:
1,A really hot movie. He's angry because of the principal. He's angry because it's not fun
6,The fact-findingism of Christianity, which refuses to admit facts, and Confucianism's upper and lower classes + upper and lower classes are the biggest cancer in Korean society along with the rotten press. The Road Traffic Act and the Gypsy Act are above the Constitution.Is the arrival of a natural era where principles, justice, and common sense take precedence far away?
6,I suppose.
6,Yes, it's meaningful. I was also angry and sad. But honestly, it's not the quality of the movie, right?
1,What is it?
6,It's not an interesting movie when you just watch a movie, except for social criticism. However, not all movies are made only by commercial elements, so 6 points in that sense.
6,I think it's meaningful to shed light on the dark spots. Since it's not a movie that seeks fun or immersion, I recommend it to people who want to feel something that touches them.
5,It's a good movie in terms of accusing the dark side of society, but in terms of expression, it's not... Just an unpleasant movie by expressing it in an overly provocative way to attract the anger of the viewer. It's a sad movie
6,A powerful social-accusation film. It is true that the fire of anger has been ignited by this film, but the taste of the movie is not very.
1,Annoying
4,The quality of the movie is not that good...Did I expect too much? People around me told me to watch it, so I think it will be better in the direction of Sisarpo.Obvious and cliche material.I don't think that's the only place like this. I think there'll be more.
5,The purpose of the incident was achieved, but the movie itself wasn't that great
6,It was a movie that made me feel sick
5,I was angry, but for a movie, I don't know.
5,It's a movie that shows why you have to be careful of Jeolla-do. You should be especially careful of Jeolla-do when you live in society.
4,I know what you're trying to say, but...
1,I don't like Gong Jiyoung
1,A commercial film that baits the hottest social issues
1,The end cannot justify the means. Where are the human rights of the children in the movie? To think of children as a means is no different than a criminal. There is also violence shown. It is a case in point that parents who attended the filming site were shocked to see the video of the children shown in the movie
1,What is it?
1,It's Gong Jiyoung's, so of course, 1 point
1,This kind of movie is relentless!!!
1,A commercial film that baits the hottest social issues
4,I know what you're trying to say, but it's a more North Korean movie with no emotion to make into a movie
1,The end cannot justify the means. Where are the human rights of the children in the movie? Why is everyone looking at one side? This is another obvious crime against child rights. Humans involved in filmmaking are subject to legal punishment. Children who are victims of sexual assault in an 18-gold movie.
1,Rating, not this much
1,Sex crimes in elementary school students are popular these days. I think it's a movie that gave birth to copycat crimes.  Sometimes there seems to be evil that should not be disclosed.
1,The rating is too foamy. I lowered it
1,I can't believe I can only express my anger like this.ㅜ I'm sorry
1,Children's pornography is coming up. Shouldn't all the crucible makers be in there? Words are enough child pornography depending on the viewer of the movie about sexual violence against the disabled, you women
6,The movie makes me think a lot, but... I don't want to watch it more because it's so cruel.
6,It's a good movie, but I don't want to watch it twice
6,The angry movie showed the hidden dirty part of society. However, it seems that the rating is higher than that of the movie, and the subject matter alone is 10 points
1,It was good to inform about this incident, and it was talked about and famous, but the ratings are too high for the movie. Just 8 points?
1,Other than making this known to the world, I didn't make much of it in the movie
6,Applause for their efforts to uncover the truth
3,The movie showed that even if you know the answer, it doesn't go your way.
2,It was boring
1,To be honest, it's hard to make it interesting because the material is too heavy, but in the meaning of making it into a movie, the movie itself has no story, so I'll give you 1 point because I'm in a hurry to let you know that this is the case
1,That's too much. I don't think the whole story is true. It was a good material, but it felt like it lacked directing power.
1,I'm so mad
1,It's not fun.
5,I knew the majority of netizens were idiots, but how can this get 9.26!
1,I know this movie is a social complaint movie, but... The movie itself is uncomfortable and not interesting.
6,The impact is weaker than the novel, and the flow of the story is... I'm not into it.I'm afraid I'm in the wrong situation.
1,It's not interesting
5,show a not bad intention
3,children's pornographic films under the guise of box office success I understand the message, but everything else is the worst
1,A movie based on a true story to make money...
1,My heart hurt a little when I saw it, but it wasn't touching or high enough to give me a high score.
4,Gong Ji-young, a long novel, Do-Keon.I don't know if it's because I subscribed and watched it.The movie was really dull and unimpressed
1,Don't skip Japanese movies.
5,I just didn't make a movie
2,It's not a documentary, it's not a movie. The director's ability is very... ㅉㅉ
6,Is this a movie or a PD notebook? It's just anger.I'd rather read the original book.
6,Except for the real story, the movie itself is old ㅜㅜ but he brought up the case that was buried
5,It gives stars to the true story, but the tension in the movie goes down.And what I felt while watching it.  I hate people.
1,It's an issue because it's based on a true story. For a movie, it'
1,Maybe because my dream is to be a prosecutor, I was more heartbroken.
1,a movie that is not like a movie It's a social issue.
5,I think there's enough dirt on it, like some people say, there's no thrill, and eventually there's a bang.
1,I don't like social media. If it was on 2580...
1,It's dirty
6,Because of Jung Yumi, spring...I understand the message you're trying to deliver, but there's no fun at all.It's just dirty
6,Actors and children's acting skills are good, but movies that lack something...The ending is also upsetting.
6,be easy
5,I know what's wrong, but... It's kind of boring. It's obvious
4,Lack of scenarios for reputation Spend time on top of that
1,That's a mob mentality
3,I don't think it's as good as I thought
1,It wasn't like a movie. I wonder if it's a great movie if it resembles a social issue.
1,Somehow there is a certain person's personality blasphemy element.
2,The subject and plot are okay, but the movie is not fun...Can't get immersed in the movie, the flow is too obvious
6,The role of creating social issues is excellent, but it is not faithful to its role as a movie.
1,The fun of a movie is not so good.
1,The book is low
2,I don't like Gong Jiyoung. No novels, no movies, no depth.
5,Oh, the movie is really bad.  Compared to books, garbage... The movie itself looks like Fuji.
1,...PD Notebook would be better.
5,A revenge killer-training film due to court mistrust
1,I can't believe I paid for this.
5,It's a lot of tears, it's not natural, it's determined.
5,It's... Why... The ratings...It's kind of uncomfortable.Oh my!
5,If this wasn't for real, would we have gotten this much rating?
6,I'm a Yumi fan, but I can't give you stars because it's uncomfortable. It's the background of 2003 and the principal's office calendar 2010
6,I was just heartbroken because it was a true story That's it. I don't know about the movie itself
1,A trashy movie with fiction that distorted facts not by documentaries but by Gong Ji-young's prejudice
6,That's a heartbreaking story
5,This is the problem of Korea.
1,To be honest, Gong Yoo is really bad at acting;;; his tone and tone are awkward and his expression is too artificial
1,It's too sad. It makes people cry
5,There is a curse on the school corruption. (I'm just sad that I'm 16 years old)
1,It appeals to sympathy to be moved by the episode of PD Notebook. an unbiased directing skills
6,Social issue is worthwhile, but the film's level of completeness and direction is inferior
1,The children's acting is a waste.
6,Crucible molestation teachers, aren't they also victims of the board?
1,As a true story, it's sad and it's a wake-up call for society, but it's not very...
5,If it was a documentary, not a movie.
6,Broken window effect
5,Tell the truth... It's a very courageous movie.
6,There's a fire.
1,Except for the true story, movies are trash
6,The movie itself is quite uncomfortable
4,I guess I'm emotionally dry
6,I want to give 10 points as a token of condolence, but honestly, 6 points for the interest and fun of the movie itself.
1,The story is about a movie that can't be scored by itself
6,I admit that it became a hot topic because it was made into a movie, but it was too boring to watch a movie
5,An uncomfortable and frustrating feeling of missing both fun and emotion
5,If you look at the movie itself, it's flat... If you take out the uncomfortable truth, it's like a failure
1,It's not realistic. If I spoke in Jeolla dialect, I would believe it was real
6,Yes, this kind of thing should be known to the world.But I have to admit that I didn't make a good movie.
6,The intention is out of 10, but the directing ability is somewhat poor.
6,I don't know how to evaluate this, but based on the cinematic aspect... Six points
1,I've been looking forward to it, but it's a disappointing movie. First of all, there's nothing left but to be offended./
6,Well, I agree with you enough and I'm angry, but my score is
1,a delightful film
1,My sister watched it at school and it wasn't fun, so you decided to give me a horoscope. I can't watch it
6,I'm angry about the facts, but the movie is not very interesting.
6,Evaluation by the movie itself
4,Some people do bad things, and some people bring honor to the subject of bad things like that.
5,It's just a pity...
3,No matter how much you make young people act like that.
2,He tried to reveal the evils and absurdities of society, but it did not become a good movie due to his lack of directing skills.
1,Based on a true story, a third-rate movie (I can relate to it!!) The movie is poor. Try harder
1,I'm frustrated watching the movie, so I'm annoyed. Gong Yoo filming a movie, and if I do it alone, it's bad acting
3,Exaggerated characters and climaxes are just nematodes. Real anger comes from unabated empathy.
6,I didn't make a good movie. The reality is just sad
6,I like the meaning of social accusation, but as a movie...
1,It's not like the movie's perfection and the society that makes you mad. Give me a good rating
1,After knowing the author Gong Ji-young, I saw the crucible again.
5,If you disagree with yourself, Gong Jiyoung criticizes you as a part-timer, so I'll say three stars
4,the worst consequence of a lawless human rights organization
1,It's a really boring movie.
5,I couldn't believe it the whole time and I didn't want to. If this is true, they must be guilty
6,Six points for the movie, except for the weight of the incident
4,There are always OOs in the world, and there are accusations like this. There's not much cinematic fun.
6,accuse but no sublimation. But there is no sublimation
3,Not accusations, but the fun of the film is nothing
2,Oh, it's a really sad movie. Mr. Atharson, you didn't do this to your living performance. MB OUT!
6,Six points
5,Let me see your back
3,an out-of-the-box political adaptation of excessive commercial production that interferes with the immersion of grieving events
1,There's so much worse on the board than this that it's a commercial movie!
5,Well, I don't think the movie itself is that great.
6,It's just one bad thing that happened in my country. It's not 10th on NAVER's total movie ranking!
1,It is based on a true story, but the movie is very politically adapted
6,I agree with the issue of the material itself. Gong Yoo's acting transformation seems to be a transition period
1,I can't watch it because I'm so angry.OOs...
1,All the things that I hit are the talents that I should go to hell and be punished by heaven
1,a trash movie that forces viewers to grieve and injustice
6,Your rating is too high. Please don't judge the movie with compassion and anger.
5,I felt the urge to kill for the first time in my life. It's so sad and annoying
1,A movie that wouldn't have been released if it wasn't true, but trash should be punished anyway.Score adjustment 1 point,
1,Why did you make it so sensational? Don't you care about the kids in the movie?
1,It's terrible. I'm so angry at the thought that a true story would have been worse in reality.
6,What are those guys who give 10 points to a movie like this? Real pot grit? Or part-time job? Just watch the movie
1,The movie is full of left elements. Opening up Korean churches, making people angry with gypsy methods.
4,Pot grit
1,I wish this was a documentary, not a movie
1,the Rating and Valuation Committee
1,A movie that has no charm other than the fact that it is a social accusation movie.
5,The story is shocking. It's hard to say that the movie was made well, but everyone has a good rating;
1,Just angry!
5,It's a real story. It's the best...The fun of the...To where.
5,the film's own rating that excludes the purpose of the film
6,a film that showed too much of the audience's intentions to be angry
6,Other than social messages, it's not that...I liked acting as a child, but I don't like Gong Yoo's acting.
5,I read a book and watched this movie, and the director was in the corner of the village, and he couldn't cast me dirty and made a dog rack
6,It's sad and uncomfortable the whole time I watch it.The movie was just...
1,Bittersweet...
1,Contrary to my original intentions, I ended up with a money-making movie.
1,Worst movie I've ever seen. It is really OOO movie.
1,The results were good, but the movie itself is either zero or selling out the victims
1,Gong Jiyoung, you are a typical hypocrite
1,Is this a movie, too? It's a zero-pointless
1,When they say it's a good thing they're known, they don't think they're gonna get hurt
2,After watching it, the taste of the aftertaste was so bad.
1,If you give me a horoscope, I'm in trouble.It's too cruel. 0.5 point
5,a social-recursive film Success in gathering issues. However, the rating as a movie is low
5,It's good to let them know, but...I don't think it's made well. I was in a bad mood.
6,If I were to evaluate the movie itself, it's way...;;;;;
5,It's important to let the world know, but I don't think it's a good movie for young children
5,It's a great event, but the movie is too long and boring, dozing off
6,It's not fun to watch a movie... ...but it's fun to see as a PD notebook...
6,Did I expect too much?
5,But it's a commercial movie. I feel uncomfortable after watching it. ;;
1,If you look at the movie itself, it's not an independent movie, but a commercial movie... Mainstream movies x
1,Did we realize after watching this movie? It's just a passing wind, and we're just on the sidelines again.
6,It's a sad and sad reality, but the movie itself is not very good...
5,It's a movie that doesn't have a work, but it suggests a lot
1,That's too much
6,It was directed by a director with a great sense and directing skills.many ways
5,The principal's son was actually Gong Yoo
1,The wicked deserve to be judged, but the director's blackness will also be judged.
6,Honestly, it's not that fun I want to know that on TVthe punishment of the wicked at any rate
1,As expected, the blockbuster is not working. There are no more people watching. It's over
6,I don't like it
1,I think my horoscope is too high... As a movie...
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
1,Social prosecution is good, but I want to give zero point to the work itself.
5,It's a social repetition movie that makes you feel more frustrated. Whatever the story, the composition of the movie isn't that
6,Whoo!
4,It's not a movie. However, it is only very suggestive. I hope it is not a movie.
1,The movie itself is about 7 points.Lacking immersion or tension.
6,The reality of unbelievable things being done openly.My heart is on fire
1,The gross exaggeration of the movie that made me feel bad the whole time I watched it.
1,He tried to provoke anger.The movie... The writer's work is so disappointing
1,Unfortunately, the movie was so boring that popcorn went over well
1,Isn't the rating too high?
1,Why is this so high?
6,It's a movie that can't get more than 9 points.6 points for public interest
1,It's an uncomfortable fit, but it's not a nine-point movie
1,Why is this so highly rated?
1,Honestly, it's annoying. It's a 7-point movie
1,I like the cinematic device for emotional engagement.There were many shortcomings. Anger is not a rating
1,I gave you a point. I was looking forward to it.
5,It's actually boring
6,I was surprised because it was a true story, but for a movie...
1,Too high a rating for having an important accusation. I see, but I don't like movies as a movie
6,The true story is shocking, but as a movie, it's okay
1,I like action, so I'm funny
3,It breaks my heart.I didn't make it into a movie. It's boring the whole time
5,I think the intention is good, but it's uncomfortable.
1,The reason I'm angry is because...It's really not fun.Really
3,Is it good to make money on this kind of incident? I hope the income will be given to the victims.
1,Shocking! No, a provocative movie!  It's just a money-making commercial film with a true story
6,I didn't watch the movie, but there seems to be a lot of part-timers. There are many comments that are the same as the reviews I saw a few days ago
1,It's not fun
6,The movie itself is a little less interesting. Judges, prosecutors, lawyers, even worse.
2,Honestly, movies are not fun... It's not complete... I think it's a real case.
5,Well... Hmm...Do you give stars because it's a real case?Honestly, the fun isn't that...popularized by the news
6,a popular movie that stimulates the public's psychology.-ㅡ
6,The intentions and sources were good, but the movie was not perfect.
1,I went to watch it with my girlfriend, but we got on bad terms and came back
6,It's just...I didn't expect it, but the results weren't that great...
5,A movie that lacks a lot in terms of film quality
1,I thought it was an EBS documentary
1,I know that the movie is based on sad reality, but I don't think the movie score is this good.
3,Don't watch this movie. I feel like I'm going to kill you because you're so good at acting. I don't like such a bad movie
6,It is a movie that should be watched by as many people as possible, but personally, it is uncomfortable when the movie ends.
4,As expected, a tedious development that approaches a true story.It's much more interesting to know.
6,Personally, the expression was too stark. I wish I had kept the line...
1,Because you hurt me so much... Since I made it hard...
5,Based on the condition that it's not a real case...That's not funny
6,a film whose subject matter is so provocative that the blame is everywhere, regardless of the film's evaluation
5,The intention is good, but as a movie, the boring and obvious development. I don't like it when I see it
1,I think a rating of 7 as a movie would be appropriate. Of course, it's a case that needs to be known, but the bubble
1,There's only one thing that's left after you watch it. It's disgusting. Damn it.
1,Is it a sisa documentary or a movie? I went to the movies.
5,It wasn't enough for a movie
5,A true story film of a common emotional appeal. Only the religious message was usable.
4,I shouldn't have seen it. It was shocking, but I don't think it's a good thing that it was made into a movie
3,I was watching and got angry in the middle
6,I know the message that I'm trying to convey is boring all the time, but it was frustrating because the development was slow
4,There's nothing to eat at the famous party.
6,I liked the story and the story because it was a true story. The movie itself was not interesting. It's just that I feel uncomfortable after watching it.
1,It's a horror movie. It's not fun
6,I thought I was going to Yamada
1,Yes, the movie captures the tip of the iceberg. That's for sure. Why did you include only a few parts?
5,With these good scenarios and actors, I can only make this tool... If it were another director, I would have done better
6,Was my expectation too high? It didn't hit home as much as I thought.
6,I can't believe this movie is rated 9.40. I should give you six points.
5,Boiling fast is how to cool fast.I'm already scared to think that this case will be like that
3,It's a bit commercial... Personally, I don't like the uncomfortable feeling when the movie comes out.
1,The part where I tried to force myself to open up Christianity to the public is the level.
2,There are no points to give in the movie, but points to events. a poor piece of work intended to sell off the issue by being peckishness What a waste of material
6,If the children's feces were more detailed, I hope that the issue would not bury other marginalized issues
1,a bubble of sympathy ratings
4,A woman who works at a restaurant touches her upper body.It's too much. I have human rights.
6,I will evaluate the movie itself calmly. It's a six-point movie.
6,It wasn't a lot of fun, but there was almost no gap in the direction. a film on the subject
1,I don't know why this has a high rating. It's just a Korean movie with an obvious story
6,Although it is somewhat popular due to its strong social accusation aspect, its rating as a movie is 6 points
1,A movie that you must watch and never forget, but I don't think it's a movie with 9 points
5,A movie that can only come out in Korea...
1,I thought it was a box office hit, but there was no impact, no emotion, and people were just "Gun Center"? a waste of money
5,It's not as good as a grade. That's not good. I know you're criticizing corruption in society as a whole, but it's too extreme
1,To be honest, the usual news was dirty and ugly, so the movie didn't really hit home.
6,10 points for making me angry after watching a movie. 6 points for making me mad.
1,Why do you want to watch this angry and uncomfortable movie? Is this interesting? After watching the movie, there is something uncomfortable
6,Other than trying to reach a consensus through movies...
6,Objective movie perfection is poor. My score is
5,Since when movies have been rated as a hot topic.
1,The movie I watched because I was fooled by the ratings... When I see it, I just get angry
1,No comment
4,I don't really like movies
1,The fun of the movie itself has dropped considerably
6,It became a social issue, so this huge rating... I think 7 points is appropriate for the movie.
5,There's no tension at all. It's 60 minutes and 2 episodes
6,I've been waiting for the movie to end since the middle of the day.It was too predictable.
4,Fun as a movie...
1,Excessive rating. To put it bluntly, it's like a TV documentary, and it's easy for a movie.
5,It's boring, has no impact, and it's not fun. It seems to have a high rating for social issues
1,To be honest, the movie itself is not interesting. It's not 9.4 but 7.0
1,What are you doing if you give me 10 points?
3,My heart aches, but the movie is not complete enough
1,Now, this kind of subject, it's cliche
1,It seemed too demeaning to the ex-prior religion, like an annoying film practice
6,The children acting as disabilities showed that they grew up so beautifully that it was difficult to empathize
1,Making money out of this because I can't find a material to make money with. The same goes for "kids."
1,a film masquerading as a social accusation
4,There's really no content...All four of us came out in the middle
1,I think the public opinion is going crazy
1,I think it's better to just do it as a TV documentary
1,Is this a movie that's going to be this big?
1,I don't know...I don't think it's a good movie
5,Social issues and accusations of perpetrators have been successful, but it is regrettable that only the movie is considered
1,I wanted to see a real event as a movie. But there's two PD notebooks on the screen...
6,A movie that reminded Changdong of his greatness
1,That's obvious
3,Social functionality? Well, now I'm sure you'll do something that's directly beneficial to the victims
6,The latter part of the court was better than the novel, but the front part of the court was too short.
2,I've been tricked. Nothing special
1,In fact, it's a movie that's different from the case, and makes me question the law throughout the movie.
5,What's so funny about this? If it wasn't more than I imagined, it would be exactly 5 points.
6,It's like kimchi men
6,I know the meaning, but in the movie, do I have to go to the theater and watch 60 minutes of tracking?
1,Honestly, I don't know if it's funny. Maybe it's because I was looking forward to it so much that I was disappointed
3,It's a sad movie, but the video is very boring. It's a waste to watch it with money. How much did it cost?
6,Am I too used to it?
6,I didn't watch it for fun
1,Now that you're saying that it's fiction and it'It's the same as the movie.
1,The movie version of PD Notebook...It was on the news and PD Notebook.Why are you interested in that now?
6,It's so emotional.
5,The child molestation scene is too stark. There is room for controversy
5,A movie that would have suffered a crushing defeat if it weren't for a true story. a movie that hit the box office because it was a true story
6,I didn't turn away, I didn't know, and now I know, nothing more.
5,In terms of the movie itself, I don't think it's a very good movie...
1,Why is the rating so high? People who are swayed by the media
6,Totally below my expectations.  The content is heartbreaking, but the value and quality of the movie are nothing!
1,1 point to lower the rating. Social issues should be treated as issues and movies as movies.
1,The rating is too high for me personally. The emergency dispatch sos must have a very high rating of 9.99
1,Fooled by the media and word of mouth...Hell, I'm gonna watch it again ㅠㅠ I want to know, but it's more fun
6,It's a true story, but it's boring
1,It's so depressing
1,Personally, I didn't like it. angry
2,I'm angry at the dirty world, but honestly, the movie was not very interesting.
1,There's nothing to see except based on a true story. It's a story development
6,That's realistic.
4,The stage is in Jeolla-do, but no one speaks in dialect. No local feelings. No religious feelings. A bigoted movie
1,It looks like a pot to me.
6,It's just like watching a drama-related incident program.
3,Friend the Member for Washington said, "I want to know that It reminds me of this.It's not funny.
6,I saw it because it was an issue, but the quality of the work is 6 points. The acting ability of directing and sharing is a minus factor
2,I shouldn't have seen it.I hate Korea when I see this kind of thing. Justice doesn't exist in Korea
2,I like the publicity, but I don't know if the producers or the criminals who get paid for this kind of material...He's just thinking about him
1,If it's shocking, do you give me 10 points? I was going to give you 5-6 points, but everyone got 10 points, so 1 point
1,It's supposed to be fun to watch a movie, but it's annoying
6,I was fooled by NAVER's rating. It's good in terms of film.
6,It's just something that happened, but it's not as a movie
4,I don't know why I have a high score I'm good at dealing with social problems, but I don't think it's a movie
1,Below my expectations... I thought I was going to die of boredom
1,There's so much more brutal going on right now than this.
6,If you watch the movie itself, it's really boring and I'm worried about child actors.
1,Just boredom...When will it end? I'll just look at the time.
3,I felt dirty the whole time I watched it I don't know why I have to pay to watch a movie like this
1,It's a trash movie that doesn't seem like a waste movie
1,I don't know.I'm just depressed
1,Everything's fine, but...The settings... The second half of the show was not focused ㅜㅜ Too bad
1,It's a shame that I can't give you zero points
6,an outspoken speech to draw out anger
1,"Thriller" is just the joy of "Snow"
5,그 영화는 그 책을 충실히 따랐다. 하지만, 그것은 너무 많은 폭력을 가지고 있다.
1,Not angry because it's a true story, but lack of movie elements
1,Watch "Unanswered Questions" every week This is nothing
6,It's a little exaggerated.
3,I know what you're talking about, but what about the boring stuff?
1,We need to re-investigate the mass sexual assault of a bizarre Miryang middle school girl involving more than 100 people are involved
5,It's a bittersweet story, but it's not like the movie itself is really fun.
5,The movie itself is not interesting. I think it's more than 9 points with the rage of true stories added.
5,Sadness and bitterness. Just with that mind, the rating is a little...
1,It's an obvious story ~ It's not that fun. It's boring...
5,The country, which has as many as 30 percent of the GNP's fixed supporters with the private school foundation
1,The tragedy that should not have been remembered as an unpleasant movie, sexual violence continues to surge across the country
1,Authenticity is gone and sensationalism is left. Agro has 10 points. I'm not sure about the quality...
6,It evokes emotions that humans should kill.
6,You must have made a movie out of anger, but you don't think of other people who are hurt
1,It's not funny
1,You and your sister look... crying
1,I felt the need to adjust the rating when I saw that it was ranked first in history by riding on the strength of the pot.
1,The rating is higher than some Dark Knight
5,It's a great movie for bringing about social issues. I hope it doesn't just end as an issue.
1,Everyone's not good enough. People can't judge people. Let's forgive...
2,Gong Jiyoung, a mental patient, is so shocking I don't want to watch a movie again. I feel like I didn't clean up in the bathroom
1,That's not good.
6,It's 6 points
1,It's a third-rate movie.
4,The story had a ripple effect, but the sound and video of the movie were not good.
5,The theme and intentions of the movie were good, but honestly, I think the level of completeness is not good.Repeated anger and boredom ㅜㅜ
3,A movie that is so dull compared to what the press is showing; let's rate it correctly
6,People get angry and give high marks, but it's not a fun movie.
5,Pain that can only be felt if you poke it directly with an awl.
5,It was a good material, but overall, it was okay
1,I read "Logical Horse King"... I changed my mind.
1,Oh, my God.
5,It's a true story. It hurts, but the movie doesn't feel like it's enough. It's not sad, it's not that angry
5,Aren't you abusing your status as a socially disadvantaged person to make the perpetrator even more exaggerated?
1,Sexual assault. What are you doing?
1,Gong Jiyoung made money. Many people carry crucible in the subway
1,Right? It's not good, right? ;;
1,Not really
1,not much
6,I'm a little sad that there's a mix of fiction, but... It's okay to re-illuminate it into a movie and not forget it
1,a triumph of fiction and directing under the guise of a true story Feel heavy.
1,I'm angry at the public who can think only by looking at what they show.
1,An unthinkable film about the mental pain victims will suffer from this film.
1,Have you ever thought about the suffering of victims who couldn't get out of their mental distress?
1,You always give me 10 points
1,I don't know why this is in the 9-point range. A movie that only raises a forced sense of anger and has nothing but that
1,The winning part-timer with stars...
1,Why do you watch this kind of movie like this? You want to see the actual events? They're really human beings
1,I guess you rigged this crap movie with such a high rating
5,If I said I would donate a certain amount of my income to a social organization, I would give 10 points My goal is to make money
6,I want to give you 10 stars, but when I look at the plot,
1,It's a waste of money. Don't watch third-rate movies.
6,** Obviously, people have to fight, but coldly, it's a six-point rating in terms of film*
1,an angry movie
2,I hope producers and actors will do a lot of good things if they make a lot of money.
6,I can't hide my bitterness after seeing it. However, the rating is too generous in the sense of film.
6,Use too much of a scene to create a play time
1,The movie ends in a weird way
1,an irritating man who watchesIt's so realistic.But it's a reality that you can't swear.
1,What's this? A movie that doesn't have a solution
3,It's shocking because it's a real incident, but the movie itself is not good.  It's from the preview
4,It is good that this case has become an issue, but the movie itself is just such a completion.Let's evaluate public and private matters separately
6,I think it was a movie that was more annoying and frustrating than sad and sleeping.
6,The movie itself was boring and nothing special. marketing that emphasizes true stories and leads to anger
1,Gong Ji-young
1,8 points is appropriate
6,It's a very stimulating subject. It's interesting. It's not like a movie
1,Why is a documentary rated like this?the strangeness of societySo, to adjust the rating,
1,I'm cutting the score because I don't like left-handed Gong Ji-young.
1,I doubt why they added Jeolla dialect, not the standard language.
1,You've solved a lot of part-timers
1,I'm going to make her angry. The conclusion is... And I think this should be non-fiction
1,The conclusion is unfortunate
2,I think the people below are overreacting.Not such a good movie.
1,The book was fun, but the movie itself was really bad
1,It's always the PD Notebook.Just look at the book; it's too commercial and the composition is not as good as the book
1,Part-time job
1,a provocatively distorted and adapted film
2,It's not funny. It's like a documentary.
1,And then
6,a film that is generally lacking
1,It's just a broadcast... zero cinematic beauty.
1,The cinematic implications are good, but not for the cinematic fun.
4,If you think about the fun of the movie, it's very frustrating and cursing throughout the whole time!
4,It's gotten a lot more real, but it's just uncomfortable! If there were more perpetrators, it'd be fun.More in real life
6,It's just pathetic, it's unfair, it's Korea xx, there's no one like him. Isn't that it? It's not fun
2,A movie that really stimulates Koreans' pot grit
1,A film that evokes pity, but is so anti-social. The rating is grossly overrated
5,The fact is that it's a movie. But the movie is a bit... Very sloppy.
1,I would like to pay 9,000 won to make a perfect movie rating of 4 points.
5,It's uncomfortable and ironic all the time, feeling beyond the limits of children's acting.
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
5,I totally agree with the logical king. I don't know It's just that I feel dirty. I
1,It makes me angry when I can't help but get angry
1,What people should know and do a lot. I don't like the movie itself, except for the true story
4,People who are good to people with disabilities and pretend to be heartbroken
1,I'm on my way back from Konkuk University Lotte Cinema, but it's not good. I think the rating is rigged.
5,I said I'd watch it, but if it's this kind of content, it's boring and cruel.
4,I couldn't make a movie. It's not touching, it's good to be heavy, but it only leaves bad feelings for society.
1,No need to be angry. That's the way it is in that area. You just have to be careful of Jeolla-do people in your life.
5,In the beginning, I wish I could describe the strange atmosphere of benevolence, the power relationship...
1,I delivered what I wanted to say, but it's not a movie that can get this much rating.
6,Korea's sad reality that only rich people can buy
1,What's this? ; Oh, my
1,To be honest, I don't want to see a depressing movie that costs 8,000 won and doesn'tNothing changes after all.
1,Let's start a reinvestigation and clear the children's grudges!!!
6,The reality of our country is riding like this... I'm sad.
1,It just went away.I want you to move on to fiction.
1,an unattractive movie.It's very subjective.I'm just so angry.
6,Let's be honest, it's just a six-point movie. The score is too high.
1,Zero authenticity...Indecisiveness between fiction and fact...And boredom.
1,Ah..I should have seen it because I wanted to know but it was not fun to watch the movie with money
1,It should be on "I Want to Know"...The commercial one is...
1,Seriously, the least interesting movie I have ever seen in my life. I was so angry that I only drank. I don't
2,The rating is too high
1,It needs to have a similar rating to the True Mat Show
1,It's really boring.
5,"Rape at a School for the Disabled" is true, and the rest is all fiction.
1,It's a true story, but it's mostly cinematic fiction, apart from the fact that it's a sexual assault at a school with disabilities
1,How far is it true? Whether it's a documentary or a movie, I'll have to lower the score
4,I honestly don't think the movie is attractive in itself
1,To be honest, I don't think 9.5 is right, so I'm going to lower the rating
1,It's just an obvious story. Oh, my country's trashy... I'm just embarrassed and upset
1,Everyone's got emotional reviews
1,Just a movie running for the worst
1,I don't like it
1,Korean movies = Best = Foreign imports don't make sense
1,I watched it late at night with my family, and I want to give them a gift that says it's so much What the hell is this?
1,What we need to pay attention to here is expert ratings LOL
1,The sighs and anger that I've been watching...It's definitely fun But the rating is too high
1,It's not fun
5,The movie is good, but I think the child actors who acted might be hurt
6,My brother who watched it with me dozed off and I felt like I was watching the incident 25II
6,A movie where I can feel the anger of the sexual assault.The detailed description of the child sexual assault scene feels unpleasant
1,a video that embodies social problems with money rubbish
2,Gong Ji-young's adaptation uses emotions well.
1,I didn't watch it, but he said it's a trash movie So I gave him one point.
1,It's not a movie like this, honestly
5,Koreans felt that it was a really emotional pot. I can't believe this kind of movie is 9.5...
6,I hope this movie will change the sad reality of our country.
1,It's a scary movie where you can be a principal if you give a low rating. It's mad cow disease 2nd LOL
3,Honestly, if it's a movie...You can't do this.Then what is freedom and equality justice in front of the courts?
1,Honestly, it's not fun, it's boring all the time, and nothing but the principal rapes the kids
5,I'm scared of this society where money works.But the movie is a bit long.I think it'll be about 30 minutes
5,A movie that shouldn't come out again.This kind of true story can be eliminated.
1,I came out of disgust while watching a movie that was made to imitate a detailed description of a sexual violence scene.
1,Film officials earn production money behind the scenes, forcing outrage over 'disability'
1,I didn't know it was this trash movie. It's 1 point because there's no zero point.
1,The people who made this movie will get in trouble
5,It is an actual incident that happened at Gwangju Inhwa School. Oh
2,It feels like it's stretching from the middle due to the fast development in the beginning and there's no twist.
1,It's a dirty thing that could happen in Jeolla-do. Take it out
1,Well done, but I think the rating is too high
1,It's like your anti-social mind has grown
2, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
2,an uncomfortable truth
3,I think it's a dirty world where money is too much and money is too far away
1,There's a theme, but... It's a bit... Hmm...
5,At first sight. It's dirty.I feel uncomfortable. The end. As expected.Social irregularities. The powerless can't change it.
2,Well, I don't recommend it This
6,Severe rating bubble due to pot grit. If it wasn't true, there would be nothing left
2,Park Young-sun and Park Won-soon... This is Seoul mayor candidate. Pyongyang mayor candidate. I can't tell
1,The content was disgusting. Especially the scene where the principal is looking at the bathroom.
2,I enjoyed watching it. The content is good, the actor is good, but it's not 9.50, so I'm going to cut it
3,I know what you're trying to do, but you're trying to sell it. I think I saw the PD's notebook, but it's a waste of money
1,I don't know why this movie was made. I think it was just to incite our anger.
1,What makes you angry when you watch it? Don't watch it. It's not fun
6,At this time of the day, in the dark outside, this and that will happen.
5,It's a movie about deaf people, and there is a Korean subtitle theater in Seoul. CGV Sindorim!
6,It's sad that it ended in vain, but overall, it's okay
2,If it's true, we need to find all the perpetrators.You shouldn't let this crap live.
1,It's no fun, it's like a movie at an art festival
1,live off the markIt's the first time. What do you mean it'sAre you kidding me?
1,It's not a movie. It feels like I'm watching "Unanswered Questions". Honestly, there's no fun
6,Honestly, after watching it, it's not that great...I did make it well...There are some obvious ones.
6,It's heartbreaking, but it was boring
4,Ratings: Bubble. It hurt a lot for kids, but I'm just bored with the documentary ㅠㅠ
1,That's not funny enough. I'm bored. Why is the rating high?
1,I trust NAVER rating, but I will never trust the movie that is being released again.That's too much!
1,A case in point of rating manipulation. I know what you meant, but I'd rather watch a documentary than watch this
1,It's a waste of money. How did you make such a third-rate movie?
6,The film's completeness is low, but the self-portrait, loud echo, and change that our level shows now are desperate.
4,I don't think I'll ever be able to be in the movies.Anyway, it's disappointing
1,I don't like the perpetrator because he's a twin.
1,This rating is dedicated to the board of directors
1,I hated myself for not being able to do anything. I hated the crap that I could and didn't do.
1,좋은 영화
1,It's not that fun. There are a lot of part-timers
1,a loner who interrupted the rave of praise
5,There are so many psychos...
5,Honestly, boredom... I don't know if it's too serious and personally sad... I know it's bad
1,It's eye-popping
4,I just told them that there was an incident like that, but I wasn't impressed. I don't recommend...
3,It's just something I want to know; I'm disappointed
5,To be honest, the movie wasn't fun
5,an uncomfortable performance as much as the content Although social value is high, film history value is insignificant
1,It's just... it's amazing that it's a true story.an ordinary movie whose content is predictable
5,As expected, in the beginning of the release, part-time job gain
5,The director's directing skills that ruined good material
2,Look at the stars and you're in trouble. It's really... it's just really calm
3,It's not a good movie, it's just that I'm angry because of the realistic thing, but it's a little too much to make a good movie. It's too bad.
1,a movie that makes you annoyed
6,The story was a bit shocking, so I was annoyed to watch it, and I think I saw something I couldn't see.
5,Crowd mentality, though the case itself is a matter of thought.This movie itself is a flat piece of film
1,It's just a movie that makes people feel bad. Why do you make this movie?
4,Roh Moo HyunNo wonder this happened during the regime.
1,It's so fake
1,It was about 8 points, but it was 9.5, so I wanted to lower it. Honestly, I was annoyed the whole time I sent it
1,It's not like I'm giving you 10 points
1,I don't think it's such a high rating for just one material called "Biripa Hechigi." They're the ones to kill
1,I agree with you
1,To be honest, reading as a novel rather than a movie makes me feel dirty
1,Smells like a part-timer
1,A movie with seven points. This kind of movie is bound to get a higher rating. He even read a book.
1,Just live quietly, you guys
1,The story isn't good either. It's just a complaint... I'll give you 7 points
4,Applause for the children's acting
1,The score is this high after putting in a few provocative scenes
1,It's worth watching, but I don't think it's the same score^^
1,I think the rating is too exaggerated. I'll give you 1 point to lower it a little bit.
3,It's not touching, it's a predictable ending. It's just a waste of money. Following the bow, he was caught in the rating again.
1,It's like watching a movie based on a true story The movie is good, but I give you a big rating.
1,It's touching, but the rating is too high
1,It's touching, but I think the score is too high.
5,It's disappointing to see it through. This theory is not enough to soothe children's pain
5,I turned a blind eye to reality when I knew it was a frightening thing when it happened.--ㅡㅡ
5,It breaks my heart to see the acting and true story of children, but the movie itself is a movie with 5 to 6 points at most
1,It looks like a lot of fun!
6,The grim reality and the movie that deals with it are the same but different. A movie that leaves regrets
1,It's a sad and unfair fact, but it's so boring-- Was there a reason for the two-hour delay?
5,It's kind of uncomfortable
1,Messing up a date with your girlfriend, awkward with each other, and not talking afterwards
6,A movie that makes you feel frustrated... I'm so angry ㅜㅜ You
1,It's really unpleasant and grossly boring
4,Honestly, I feel sorry for the children, but the movie is a bit boring.
1,The original work of Gong Ji-young is such a waste. The movie is too short for the book
1,One point for reading the different intentions of the writer and director, who use the tie, with infinite sympathy
5,How can you save a book like this?
1,A movie that had a lot of unfortunate content but breathed out another sting of prejudice and hatred
1,by mistake
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
1,I knew you'd be Jeolla-do saki. 5.18 is a riot. Oh my god
1,If you really go to the theater, you'll see how sloppy the movie is and how much I raised my score to my part-time job.
6,The production intention is excellent, but there is really nothing to say about the cinematic outcome.
1,What is the fun of movies?
1,One day after it came out, I cut it as if my composure was too high.
6,The movie was okay, but I got 6 points because I had a lot of part-
1,Do not copy
5,I'm not touched. It's not funny. There's no thrill. There's no conclusion. There's no laughter.
1,Make it well
6,Annoying... I feel so sorry for you. The true story is OOO in our country...
1,The dog OOO.LOL
5,I appreciate the opportunity to see it, but it was monotonous and boring.If you get too many 10 points, it's not reliable
5,Movies put emotions first.
2,It is also an ability to produce an excellent original in such a sloppy way.
1,The children's performance was good. If it had a big ripple effect.HJ: That's too much. DH: In that sense, 1 point
6,I saw it as a paid presentation, and it made me feel very relaxed because I was appealing to the emotions. Too bad...
1,The people who wrote it after watching it didn't even release it. How did you like it?I don't understand. Is it a part-time job before the release?
6,Shouldn't we distinguish between the good content in the movie and the good movie?be half-looking
6,The message is good, but it's boring, and the children's acting is good, but the directing and editing are not smooth It's not as good as I expected
1,I'm sure you'll enjoy the original novel, but I'm very disappointedIt's too bad
1,What a waste of time.
5,As a person who watched the original novel, it's a pity that the movie couldn't handle the case properly
6,It's a movie that's disappointing because I feel like I'm watching a crazy editing, a horrible commercial movie, and a court movie
