패왕별희 디 오리지널
6,Did I expect too much?Maybe it's because I'm tired...It wasn't as good as I thought. It was more impressive when I saw it at school after the exam in school.
6,I enjoyed life, but I don't know why this is a life movie because I'm not interested in Peking Opera. Of course, I admit that it's a work, but it's boring.
6,Conclusion: Sittu is trash.
1,How good is the cultural revolution to bite in this day and age when misunderstanding about communism is widespread? Isn't this movie that focuses on the main character's life without considering Mao's thoughts and the situation in China of the time simply what this era really wants?
1,I'm glad I didn't have a mental illness after listening to you screaming like "wh" for two hours
1,You look like Taeyeon of Girls' Generation
2,The uncivilized Jjangkkae movie. What kind of movie is it?
1,They said they're No China, but their ratings are more honest than anyone else
1,a maddening film A collection of non-logical characters and stories based on Chinese characteristics. It is not a masterpiece just because it depicts the entire era. If that's the case, everyone makes it.
1,The rating is too high... It's just that Jang Kook Young's fans gave him a generous score. If someone doesn't know him these days, he'll get about 8 points. The story was impressive. Let's say you gave 1 point but gave 8 points
1,I smell so much sesame seeds.
6,The title of the movie that I can only think of Park Myung-soo and Jung Joon-ha's jokes,
1,
1,Let's stop making dung-kko-choong movies
6,I saw it because I heard it was a masterpiece, but it's kind of uncomfortable...
5,
6,Ah, Jang Kook Young is a beautiful person
1,I don't know if it's because it doesn't match the Chinese sentiment. I have a headache listening to mosquitoes for 3 hours. Korean Haerhwa, a Korean sentiment with a similar story, is much better
1,Let's not be fooled by the ratings.  Jjangkae sensitivity out!
2,Bring me the director's baby, I'll beat you up
2,Did you make this a movie? I fell asleep in 10 minutes. Make sure to watch it if you have insomnia. I'm so sorry. Why are you watching the movie made by the best kids?
1,Skipping the jjangkae movie is worse than Clementine's rating here. I was making this movie, but I didn't know what it was about in 10 minutes, and I thought I would be in my dream because I looked like I was scared of a woman
1,Skipping the jjangkae movie is worse than Clementine's rating here. I was making this movie, but I didn't know what it was about in 10 minutes, and I thought I would be in my dream because I looked like I was scared of a woman
1,
4,Stop whining, you pervert!
1,Are you crazy about the current situation? China COVID-19, China fine dust. I wish China would fail! People all over the world must unite to get compensation from China and destroy it!
1,the glory of the past
1,No fun! No fun! Really no fun!
6,
1,This is higher than Aladdin?
1,
1,I thought it was a masterpiece after reading the comment, but I was bored and came out at the last minute...I don't know how to make a boring movie.What's a masterpiece?Running time was really long
1,I saw the comments because the ratings were so good. I wonder if the movie is that highly praised;;; Just because Gongri was pretty
3,It's gloomy, the screen is not clear, and it's dark.If I don't understand a few things, I don't want to hear Chinese (King Xingxiangshu...) The storyline is vague and I can't explain the exact situation, so the music and atmosphere are like ghosts.It felt scary and I felt uncomfortable to see child abuse.It was cruel and I wanted to come out after 1 hour, but I endured for 3 hours because my money was a waste.
6,It may be a masterpiece of the past, but it is difficult for modern people to sympathize with and feel. An excessively long running time with a large number of unnecessary scenes makes it difficult for the audience. Even if the running time was set for about two hours, it would have been a box office hit when it was re-released.
5,Hongrish! I don't really like it. I thought I was going to die of boredom
1,Jang Kook-young is good at acting. I watched the re-release at Cgv for about two hours and came out. I don't like the scenes of child abuse and domestic violence.
1,Annoying Peking opera with a lame mix of history with an old and obvious sloppy story. Poor image quality is basic disgusting scenes are extra, half asleep, and half out.And Jang Kook-young-pal, be thankful. Just leave him alone
6,Honestly, it's not fun.
1,Seriously, is this fun? It's so boring. It's so touching. Peking opera? I was going to go out in the middle of my vomit, but I just watched it, and I've never seen a movie this boring
4,It was a bit like that because the time was too long.
6,I was looking forward to seeing it because it was one of the old masterpieces. Even if it was a masterpiece, I wanted it to be remade because time passed and the video quality and production was so low. I just wanted it to be remade. I trusted Jang Kook-young
2,It was so cruel in the beginning that I was in pain the whole time I saw it. The contents of child abuse are crude cruelty, child abuse, child sexual abuse, and goosebumps and so scary.Japanese Military Sexual SlaveryIt was as scary as a real case movie, Homecoming In the second half, the main character's life is beautifully glorified, but child sexual abuse and child abuse can never be glorified.I don't know why it's so beautiful and full of good stories on NAVER ratings
3,I don't understand the story development well regardless of historical background.I think it's because of the directing. The directing was okay in the beginning, but I think I've made up the scenes roughly towards the end. Well
1,들Characteristics: After 3 hours of movie time, they give you 10 stars because it's a first movie
1,It's one of the greatest legacies of mankind, a cult, a virus-making country, and a gay movie
1,You don't pay for the virus-making movies, do you, pigs?
6,Jang Kook Young. Jang Kook Young. And Jang Kook Young
2,I heard you're adding more comments. I went to see you being a good son on Parents' Day, and I almost ran away^^;; even though I don't know it was 3 hours lol
3,I like acting, but I'm exhausted.
1,What a bunch of part-timers. How dare you give 10 points to a movie like this? I'm more disappointed because I have high expectations because of you guys.
1,What a waste of time and money. I don't know why we all got 10 points Is it because I saw it without background knowledge? There were many moments when I didn't know why this scene was there. I think I had high expectations because of the rating. After three hours, I lost all my energy
1,That's not good.
2,I hate it! ;-;;::::
6,I watched it because I wanted to see Jang Kook Young, but I hate the Communist Party more
4,I wonder if it's a movie that'll be respected this much
2,I hate gay stuff. It's just that light
5,It was hard to understand and I couldn't get into it
1,It's so boring and boring, but I thought I was going to watch it until the end because I was going crazy
1,Even if it's a masterpiece, let's skip it
1,No, I don't know what part of it touched me. I was bored to death because the picture quality was poor, my patience was running out, and I didn't want to hear the Peking Opera voice, so I felt like throwing up
1,It's like Clementine, you forced me to raise my horoscope. What a waste of time. And there's no black cow that goes out to watch the movie that made COVID-19 right now, right?
1,It was boring. I guess I was looking forward to it.I couldn't feel the depth of the smoke. Isn't Jang Kook Young originally gay?Gongli's performance in the Empress was more impressive.At that time, it was a life movie at the level of the movie industry, but I saw it for the first time in 2020, and I was not surprised by the depth of the story or acting... For your information, my life movie was Joaquin Phoenix's Joker. I was disappointed because I had high expectations, and I came out because I was bored.
1,Ha...not funny...  I don't want to hear Beijing opera or something.
4,It was weird because there was no critic's rating, but I got it. The praise of communism was disgusting and three hours was a waste. I lost my time
2,What? Is it gay? The world is going crazy
2,The story is a mess and it's not fun, but I don't know why the rating is high. I think it's a movie glorified by memory correction.
1,I saw it because the score was high, but it's hard to understand.Is it because it's an old movie?I don't feel any fun or emotion...I heard a yawn all around me.
1,Seriously, is this fun? It's so boring
5,an overrated work
1,Wow, this is a waste of 1 point. It's really boring and boring movie. I think almost all Chinese people have short ratings here
1,Oh, king Byulhee was an anti-communist movie
6,Honestly, I don't know much about artIt was a bit weird. I was thinking about going out in the middle of the show, but it was 3 hours long
1,Everyone says it's the best movie, but I think it's the worst story line
2,A movie that captures the times but is not interesting.
3,Apart from the movie, personally, the childhood part was uncomfortable to see because of the times when children were subject to labor exploitation and violence. in spite of the artistry of the film It's not this high
1,The girls recommended it to me, so I watched a gay movie. I turned it off because I almost threw up while watching it
5,Jang Kook-young's acting is really good. But I guess I don't have a bowl to accept the movie itself
1,It is the first movie in my life that I wanted to give zero points.
2,The way men fight and fight with each other, the animals seem to be trying to tame each other. uncivilized
1,I've been looking forward to it, and I'm very disappointed
1,farmers and herdsmen in southern China
1,Your lotus root is amazing in the sun.
1,Three is like a Tiny Woman in Nine Cities
1,Lockett's got a watchful push.
1,의무.
1,국가환경계획금융체법인
3,I turned it off because I was bored while watching it. The setting of liking men is a sewing machine.
2,It's hard to watch it until the end.
5,I'm bored. I turned it off after an hour and 40 minutes. I think the movie must be solved in 90 minutes. The story of a homo is that I'm no good.
5,It's boring, but it's something you should see at least once
1,yretregree
1,We could have made it shorter, but the running time is too long for people who don't like it, so it's more boring than touching. The director's message to the audience is respectful, but it's not that interesting
2,The long running time was so boring and I felt nothing in this movie
1,A work that is very artistic but not interesting! If you are not a fan of Jang Guk-young, you will be bored~~ I think the rating is ridiculously high, so I give you 1 point
1,It's gonna be crazy.This kind of movie...
1,I was fooled by the ratings. It's boring and boring
4,Jang Kook-young's gay performance was so disgusting
1,Do you want to spend your money on this trashy Chinese movie?
1,People who watch what's going to happen have no idea
1,The only thing I remember is getting beaten up
1,I haven't finished watching it yet, but I think I'm going to have a mental illness.
6,Would it change my mind if I watch this again over time?
5,Khan's favorite style, his childhood/after Jang Kook-young, he's a masterpiece
3,I have nothing to say either.
1,I don't think it's that funny.
1,Peking opera is noisy.And why are you all cherry blossoms?
5,I don't know why I get such an exaggerated evaluation. I watched it because I was recommended by a Chinese friend, but I didn't get a good impression because of my disgust with gay people.
6,I guess I don't know English.
1,Well... I don't know
1,I couldn't watch it all because I was bored.
1,be loud and boring  Not funny
1,It's like adults can't keep up with child acting.
6,I watched it while saying wow until I was young. However, I hated homosexuality so much that I felt uncomfortable watching it. Of course, the actors' acting was great enough to feel this discomfort. But it's a homosexual code.
1,A good movie to study Chinese history. He has a great cast and good acting skills. It's just not fun
1,The best movie ever. I still have tears in my eyes. I want to see Jang Kook Young. mm
6,a tragic epic that merely combines the history of Chinese Beijing opera with homosexuality
6,It's like it's a long running time, but it's suddenly going over the space... I don't know what to feel.
1,A dirty movie. A poor movie about homosexuality without knowing the theme of the king's man or his cards. Jang Guk-young's acting is disgusting.
5,In terms of ratings, there are the most teenagers and 20s, but I can't believe that everyone understood this movie and was touched. The mere mention of Peking Opera reminds me of this movie and makes me feel down.
1,Boring...
1,It's beautiful, but it's hard to understand.
5,It's not the best, but the ending...
1,I want to give you 10 points. That's too bad
1,It's so bitter and choking. Why is this movie so stupid?
1,Why, why, why, why? The main character's development. I don't like all the movies!
5,The rating of a work of art is bound to be subjective... I was very bored.
5,It must be a masterpiece, but honestly, it's very boring My class teacher played it during class and all the kids were caughtLOLIt's about China and I don't think it was very familiar to us It was so boringcrying
1,My voice is annoying...You're making a bug noise.
1,Scenario trash, OST trash, 2 hours 45 minutes
4,It's just so-so. It's hard.It's not very... interesting
5,I tend to watch movies impressively, especially Chinese movies, but why is this so boring?
1,It's an old movie.
1,The rating is too high. I think 9 points is appropriate. There's a lot of boring stuff. Other than that...
5,The rating is too high. A movie that highlighted the dirty and weak points of the world. No cause
5,not much
5,Chinese movies don't fit very well
5,Hmm... I don't know
1,I hate sad movies
6,In turbulent times, the tragic fate of two women who loved a man at the same time.
4,That's a great review ㅠㅠ I don't know why..crying
1,Why did he kill himself? He was good at acting as Jang Kook Young Ho who loved a man, but women love him like crazy
1,The score is too high. I wasn't having fun. I'm an outcast
5,Am I weird? Why don't I like it?
3,Oh, porridge...
3,Oh, I was looking forward to it, but it was boring. Why am I not touched like anyone else ㅜㅜ
1,I think 7 to 8 points is appropriate
1,One of the worst movies that is really boring and boring
4,It's complicated and boring... But I bow to the sad reality.
3,I'm disappointed because I expected it. How many times do I have to watch it again?
1,It's a waste of time to watch it
1,The worst movie in my life
4,I don't know if it was because I saw you when you were too young...The story itself was a great shock
6,I'm bored
5,A movie that I watched while fighting a hard battle with Suma...I guess I'm still young.
6,I'm bored. I guess it's hard for me to do this kind of movie yet.
2,I fell asleep.
5,It was boring
1,It's so boring. Like the person below said, it's humming
1,It's not funny. Bored...
1,This is fun? Come on...
5,Jang Kook-young's acting was good
3,I was going to watch Gongli, but it's not fun. I think I'm going to watch Peking Opera again
4,Captures a living China and did not abandon its characters +4.
4,I don't like it
1,This isn't right
1,It's pretty good... But I'm still adjusting the rating.
5,It was hard to understand
2,Hong Kong movies are not movies
1,Throw it out.
1,I will definitely give you 1 point
6,Well, it's less fun than people say.--ㅡㅡ
3,It's really boring.For those who watched until the end, your patience is the best
1,I don't like it
1,Why doesn't the "King and the Man" show this?
1,Why did you ban the king's man from showing in China?
6,It's boring in the beginning. Your ranking has dropped quite a bit. I'm sorry
4,Your rating is high. I don't like Chinese movies. It's boring
1,--;OO Think Movie
1,It decided not to give a rating of more than 60 percent for women.How can men and women be so different?
1,A new drama that seems sentimental, but is actually boring
6,Did you fall for the rating? It's not my cup of tea
1,Not really
1,one of my ten masterpieces
1,Chinese movies are depressing
1,How did you know?
1,You've already been gay since then? -..-;;ㅡ..ㅡ;;
1,Director Chen Kaiger is also
1,It was better than I expected, but I'll give you 1 point.
1,I was watching it at school
1,not much
5,I was touched 10 years ago, but it was so boring when I saw it again
3,Is there no climax compulsion? Is there no drama? not much.
1,the best movie
1,What a movie!
1,Noh Hongchul didn't say anything after seeing this.I'm so touched... ㅠㅠ
5,I wasn't funny
6,The world that was so overwhelming for those who knew nothing but Peking Opera
6,Jang Kook Young...
1,Why is it 10? Rice bowl
