바람계곡의 나우시카
6,I know it's profound, it's very meaningful, but it's a little boring, because it's a simple piece of work, and it's a little boring for people who just watch it for fun
6,What is destroying the earth is now Japan...
5,Well, how can I explain it? It's fun, but there are a lot of boring parts, and there are parts that I don't understand... But the biggest disadvantage is that it's too long!
2,Am I the only one who didn't understand and wasn't funny?
6,
6,
5,a bit of a cliché to an interesting worldview
1,It shows excellent visual beauty at that time, but the content is not very interesting.
1,But, Jin Hua Jianmin, family, family.
1,A sea of people gathered at the event.
2,The grandiose world view and the seriousness and boredom of emotional arms make people white. I don't want to hear about that princess, princess.The only thing to see is the quality of the video.Maybe it's because he's a co-director, but the worst Hayao Annie.
5,It is impressive that the scientific description of ways of coexistence between human civilization and nature is impressive, but the causal relationship of each event is childish.
6,The world of movies is self-reproducing.But the real world?
2,Books are the best...be saddened
2,the dichotomy of good and evil at child's eye level
6,It's well made, but the last one is not that's...  The theme of human destruction seems to be more interesting than Operation Pomponco Raccoon
5,I don't know the artistry, but it's not fun. It's boring.
6,It would have been much more fun if there were more impactful scenes, but it was kind of boring all the whole time
5,Japanese, don't cry out for a twist and actually reflect on the past.
6,I can never admit to saying it's a masterpiece. An animation that is lost in thought and lost its fun.
2,That's so funny
3,Fighting is not fun, but flying is fantastic.
1,I know you're trying to criticize society, but it's boring and cliche.Every time, there
1,Except for Sen and Chihiro's missing and Toto in Miyazaki Anime, I don't think there's anything to get 9 points...I know what you're trying to say, but it's boring and cliche
5,Laputa was just two years ago, but personally, I don't feel bored  That kid was cringe-worthy and the background music for Laputa was a bit annoying, but it was much more fun than Howl, Sen and Chihiro. As expected, Laputa is a masterpiece
5,I think it's a message to stop fighting politics and diplomacy and focus on the environment. To be honest, Nausica's explanation of the load is not convincing and has a great sense of separation from reality... Too idealistic film that doesn't touch realistically
1,So the more we destroy nature, the more we get caught up in it?
1,I was bored and sleepy the whole time I watched it
1,I'm so sleepy and bored that I can't watch it until the end
6,Where did I get goosebumps?It's so boring...I was expecting it to be Ghibli's, but...Is it because it's old?
5,The message is good, but... Maybe it's because it's Annie, but it's a lot more boring and lagging behind the wolf dance...
1,아름다운 엉덩이...
1,I took too many pieces of Mobius. It's all gone
1,I'll read this as a comic book
1,Too much of Mobius's Azak in the Western fairy tale motif where the girl ventured;;
3,I was sick of it, so I turned it over and watched it.a movie for children
6,Is the sentiment of the times out of sync? I don't understand why Hayao Miyazaki is considered the best
6,6.8 If you watched the animation, you got 9 points. If you read 7 cartoons and watched anime, you get 6 points.
1,The director's imagination is bad, but it's not funny as an adultwith a high rating
1,I saw the ratings... This is so disappointing
1,I looked at the NAVER rating and it's really disappointing. I need to get my GPA down a lot.
1,It's not touching, it's not funny, it's just disgusting.Forget about the eyes, forget about the time.
5,I think it's 100 times better to read books than movies
1,Boring...
6,The year 84 was also a little bit weird, 20 years later. The style of the painting... It used to be cool,
1,Miyazaki Annie is so narrow-minded that she has white supremacy over disparate women
5,rash, reckless, foolhardy,  imprudent
5,I've been working hard on it, but it's so calm...
6,Considering it's from the '80s... / You don't have enough power beyond your time.
2,It's touching, but...No fun at all ㅠㅠㅠㅠ I thought I was bored to death ㅜㅜ
1,Ugh! It's a work that makes even a noona who doesn't sleep sleep
5,I saw it, but I don't remember.Bored feeling...
1,be taken for a grade
6,Compared to other works, it wasn't that great
6,a charge of the ugly desires of man's But Shinhwa running on top of Geumjandi was a little childish.
6,Maybe it's because it's such an old animation.
6,Coexistence becomes possible only when humans abandon selfishness.
6,Hmm.. Am I the only one who's weird? I wasn't interested...Judging from the ratings, I feel like I'm wrong. Oh...
1,Well, the quality of the work was excellent. But there was no merit in comparison to fame
5,I don't care if I'm fooled by the rating, but 9.21 is too much.Money is a waste, time is a waste.
1,What a dirty movie. It's terrible that kids grew up watching this
6,It's a good content, but it's a bit disappointing that there are many far-right aspects...Mr. Miyazaki--;
6,It's a funny story. But I think there's something missing...But you're the best!>b<
6,It was more fun than Laputa. I was so sad that baby Umji got hurt.crying
6,It's like Hayao Miyazaki's work.
1,Are you kidding me? It's like a third-rate movie, but the rating is too high
1,I was so sleepy watching this.
1,It's not a funny word. It's so boring
1,An eco-friendly animation created by a far-right racist. Is this the end of the world?
5,그저 그래요.
1,I just don't like it.
1,Wow, good
6,It would have been fun to watch this movie at the time it came out, but it is not fun at the present time
6,This is 10 points? Don't overestimate me. It's an honest evaluation from a fan's point of view, but...
4,Is this really Hayao? Maybe it's because I saw Mononoke first, but it looks like Mononoke's work
1,Ruin it! Ruin it, please
1,Now, now, now, now, now, now
1,I don't like Miyazaki
6,Mecca water... This is just for fun. The heroine was dope
6,I like people who protect nature. Hero is boring.
5,not much
3,the original work of Princess Wonryeong
4,I don't understand why the reviews are so good. I don't know why you're so touched.--*
5,Oh, it's not good
1,To be honest, the rating is too high.
1,Oh, I find this really boring and boring
5,I watched it quietly
6,Lafutakara...
4,It's pretty good for Hayao's work. With the red pig.
1,I don't understand. It may be a masterpiece, but it was really boring
5,Well, personally, nature is also unhappy with destroying humans
1,Honestly, I like Miyazaki.This piece is a huge disappointment
4,Cartoons are better off...Annie's perfection is low
5,I'm so touched
5,It was only worth seeing at the end--the ghost was hilarious.I don't know why the rating is high.
1,I like Miyazaki, but this is really...The first time I returned it without seeing the middle--
1,It's not that funny
4,Is it the limit of Miyazaki's work?It's too one-size-fits-all
1,Get away from me
1,Wow, the kids are watching the crazy comic books
2,The inferiority that makes you feel the inferiority of Japanese Annie!
5,Am I too old?
1,I was surprised when I saw the word "Naushika" because... Miya-zaki
