코코
6,The song is definitely good, but... It's a new wave that's likely to come out in a Korean movie, and it's so obvious and cliche that it seems to lead to a real story, and the twist is so annoying. But that doesn't mean that the worldview and the characteristics of this painting were so interesting and touching that it covered it up. I saw it because people said it was new and new, but I thought it was just a Mexican version. But if I have time, it's worth watching
6,I watched it for 40 minutes, but it doesn't suit me, so I'm wondering if I should watch it or not. I'm giving up because I can't get used to the skull character and I can't get used to the Mexican sentimentIt's a waste of 7,500 won
1,It's the worst animation ever.
1,It's the worst animation ever.
5,Pixar, who fell in love with the occult elements of the ghost, reflected on Wall E
4,Dubbed "Moon Doyoon". What's that? Voice actor? I was bad at it, so I changed the channel because I was annoyed.   I'm as dumbfounded as I was when I saw Tobot.
1,A typical Disney family cartoon. What do they make except for their family?
5,Everyone, let's acknowledge this. In the beginning? It was so boring
1,Why do you do this early in the morning like skate? Thank you for making memories with your girlfriend and making me remember them
1,Poor hero who has to live a life that's been foreclosed on his life under a bloody violent and coercive grandmother. In fact, the person who had to hurry to the next world was an old lady
6,Can you be nicer to me about life and death? It is a movie that brings out the taste and warms the heart of the movie because there are many musical elements.
4,A typical children's animation with a childish and cliché. If the visual beauty was better than any other drama, it would've made me cry. I watched it with my mom and she enjoyed it
1,Wow, that's really not funny. ; It's amazing that Park Pyeong-sik gave me 8 points.
2,Pixar is becoming a children's movie
4,Even if you find a dream, don't abandon your family.
2,Because of Miguel, my family is suffering
5,Disney-Pixar graphics are for sure
5,I'm so sorry for those who enjoyed it. To be honest, I don't know why this movie is getting such good reviews.
1,So Roh Moo Hyun hasn't been forgotten since he died, so he's still playing music in the other world
1,I watched it and slept for about 20 minutes
1,I'm so angry that I'm posting for the first time  Reflect on Disney Pixar, which is half fun and half video compared to past Pixar movies. And why is the rating so high? Don't raise the rating. I think you should cut it in half!
1,From Beijing Airlines, the Royal Sky is like a benevolent sky.
2,Not as fun as I thought.
6,A message that reveals the merits of a family's sense of belonging
1,The worst Disney movie ever. It was horrible to glorify a husband who abandoned his baby and wife.
6,It seems to have continued the story of Moana. If it wasn't Disney Pixar, I don't know
1,No probability. Early setting. Wanting to do music. Unpersuasive development. Unpersuasive development. Busy double-wiring. Loose development. Justification. More like violence. No fun Disney.Those who shed tears, watching a movie alone at night? I'm just going to throw up
6,The material is good and the overall story is good. However, the development and direction of the story seem to be a little bit like watching a grand "skeleton."It was hard to experience a surprising experience about the story itself. Still, I was disappointed when I watched the movie, but there are many things to think about after watching it.
2,It's not like this movie is about to cry
3,I don't like Mexico. People say that they enjoyed watching it, but I have no idea which part is fun and touching. Only the mollusks remember
2,There is a sigh in the part that the existence before disappearance should be forced to yield by comparing it to greed no matter who asks for it, and the living should forgive everything. In addition, I felt that I was definitely losing the personality of the story and character that Pixar had.
4,It's confusing, but it's obvious. It's just...
1,The score is too high, so 1 point.  It's like the King's Man in the animation world. It's fancy, it's fancy, it's fancy, it's fancy.Cheerful. Cheerful. Cheerful. Cheerful. There is no weight in it, although it is touching or meaningful. If you think of Up or Wall, you can see that Annie has a weight or a range to think about
6,The screen is colorful and the setting is fun, but it was just like that. Especially, the ending of the hidden camera used by Monster Inc. and many movies was boring
1,When a person dies, it is either judgment or salvation, and the soul does not wander anywhere like that. Ancestral worship is all about bowing to superstitious ghosts. Heaven does not need marriage or anything, nor does it live in the form of a skeleton. This movie is very touching, but it is full of superstitions
1,I'm sorry to those who were really touched by this, but I managed to see it in the middle, but from the middle, it was all predictable and I knew who the father was. It was a boring and obvious story, and it was a movie that only came to listen to music. The song was good.
1,I fell asleep... There's a lot of Disney on Pixar
1,To be honest, the most boring and disappointing movie among Pixar movies was not good and the material was good. I was disappointed because Pixar had no unique and fresh perspective
6,[S7 V7 D6 A6] With a different setting, a solid script and an exciting OST to support it, it looks perfect, but one disadvantage is that it's a children's animation.
6,Well, I turned it off with 30 minutes left before it ended. ㅠㅠI guess it's not my style. The development is slow ㅠㅠ Is it because I enjoyed watching Ratatouille a few days ago?
6,I thought it would be nice not to forget the family who left before the afterlife and sometimes think of good times
1,I made a crazy family to make it impressive. How can you abuse your child so much when you say you're a family? I really don't understand why you're touched. I don't need a process, I just don't understand how you clap with results
6,I enjoyed watching it with two elementary school students
1,It's not fun. I'm a bit
6,I was so excited that it wasn't that snow, but I was crying at the end ㅜㅜ
6,I'm just like that.
2,What's the point of showing a kid an animation with a murdered con man?
6,Miguel is a little frustrated. The content is pretty... But the OST is awesome.
6,The scene where I sang to my grandmother is the most memorable
6,Coco is nose and Coco Palm Cocomong. So, Coco
6,It's worth watching. I can't watch it with guys
5,Honestly, I was really looking forward to Pixar animation, but I was so disappointed
6,Fairy tales that have not been covered before, such as large families and afterlife
6,If you're good at drawing family codes, you're like...
6,It wasn't that much fun because I was looking forward to it.
5,Can animation be this obvious and monotonous? At first, I thought I'd cut off the movie every minute.
1,GFRIEND whines that it's touching
3,I'll write it honestly It's not fun from the beginning to the end At the end, a little bit of sadness. That's it. I was tricked by the rating
1,It's full of disgusting stuff
6,It's called "Coco" so it's more touching
5,I trusted Park Pyeong-sik with 8 points without any information, but it was very normal Annie, perhaps because I expected it. It is based on Mexican culture, so there is no consensus, and above all, the characters are not favorable. Inside Out, Ani who can't even reach Zootopia's toes.
5,A movie that kills the rich and the poor. What else have you been doing for centuries without explaining to your wife? Poor story and music without pull
6,I like them all, but the Chinese characters get on my eyes
4,It was totally no fun
6,There's a lot of Chinese capital in there's a lot of Chinese characters
1,I don't know if I'm old or the content is obvious because I can see the results even if I look at Annie.
1,It's really like trash I cried with God, and my friend said this movie made me cry an unrealistic and boring development
3,I enjoyed watching it!
6,As I enjoyed watching Frozen, I was less than excited.
6,Why is the rating so high? I didn't have much fun.
6,It looks interesting on the surface, but Satan, the devil who runs like a crying lion, sweetly and skillfully pollutes the soul.
6,For a Pixar movie... It was boring, but there were many impressive scenes
1,Are you Hispanic now after China?
6,I enjoyed it, but the story is a bit loose.
6,It's pretty fun
1,I don't want to see this low-level dubbing anymore. It's so nice to see it in the original language.The Korean dubbing is really terrible. Dubbing is doomed. It doesn't bring to life a tenth of the original emotion.
4,Good attitude towards death but lack of direction
1,I'm impressed with this. Those who work part-time jobs, those who haven't watched a lot of animations, or those who feel like they're going to die when they see fallen leaves. The song is not good, the video quality is normal, and the character is MOA. I liked "Frozen"
1,When I saw the poster, I thought it was a growing animation where Miguel and Dante travel around the world and talk about their lives and music.
6,9,7,5 years old. I enjoyed watching it
6,It's very moving~~
4,It's not fun. Regret
1,Forcing forgiveness to whom. What message are you delivering? A man who leaves his family gets forgiveness and becomes happy?!
4,Did my tears cool down...I just yawn
2,It's not fun. Why do you want to see? It's so childish
6,It's boring, but I do cry at the climax
1,It's worth watching, but it's boring
6,It wasn't as good as I thought because I was looking forward to it.
1,Where do I have to have fun?I'm confused...
6,I think it expresses the sad reality that a person goes to the underworld and is forgotten by the people in this world beautifully, but I thought I expected too much from the rating
6,with a beautiful visual beauty
1,It's just a waste of money and, um, regretting watching it at the cinema. Maybe it's because you don't feel like it, but if you don't like it, your friend is a presence, but I want to yawn and twist my body
6,I guess they were looking forward to it. I'm sorry for the Disney team.
4,Did it change after entering Pixar Disney? I was watching it at the movie theater, and I thought I entered the wrong movie theater because Frozen came out of nowhere.I think you were aiming for an event. If it was like killing time, the running time would be 1 hour and 30 minutes, but the first 15 minutes.Except for the second half of 15 minutes, the rest is predictable
1,No fun, hands, feet, and oglad was a movie. I cried a lot. I was not moved at all. I was bored, so I wanted to stop watching the movie I watched it without any expectations. It was a waste of money. I don't want to watch it again.
6,The kids' animation... Disappointed
6,Praise for his animation skills.However, the humor code used in Rapunzel, Frozen, etc. and the expression used in the characters overlap a lot with the previous animation
5,It's a predictable story. It's just a kid's movie
6,Well, it's just worth seeing.
6,I'm a little bored in the beginning, but I'm already tired of Olaf.
6,Of course, it's touching, but the new composition is boring and slow. The kids and I cried at the last shot, but...What's this horoscope?
1,I think KBS 9 PM news is much more fun than this
2,Come on, come on
6,From the beginning to the middle, I was watching it with no expression on my face, but I'm still touched by the second half. It wasn't that fun for me.
6,It's a very human imagination of death, but...People who didn't have pictures... Have you never been to this world before?I'm not very...
2,The visual appeal was enough, but...I don't understand why this is getting such a good review. I know the content goes as I want, and the animation is pretty much the same, but the results are empty. It was really disappointing.
6,It's a good cartoon. More than
1,I don't watch all the movies in the middle.
4,Hector's got a twist on his grandfather, Miguel
6,It's very Disneyish. I recommend watching it with your family, but it's obvious
1,I don't think the movie Coco is that fun.It feels like I'm reading a cartoon of young kids.I think I just look at the pictures
6,Skull animation boring
4,The screen is pretty, but the movie is dragging onㅜㅜ
1,It's not Miguel. It's Miguel.
5,It's a movie that's going to be very disappointing if you look at the ratings, and there's no freshness in any part, just a little bit of a post-world view from a Mexican perspective
6,The video is good and the topic is good, but in the beginning, it's so boring... The fun part at the end is short and the introduction is long
6,It's a very heartwarming movie♡
1,It wasn't as good as I expected.  If Frozen was fun, Disney is the best
1,Not really, not really, not really
5,Not my cup of tea. I'm not saying it's not good.
1,Anachronistic film that elevates the traditional family image to idealism these days, with many living alone
4,Irresponsibility and lethargy, and eventually, as well as the punishment of fantasy power within the boundaries of family.
5,Possible developments... It doesn't touch me
6,It was a little boring...
6,It was touching at the end, but it wasn't as good as I expected I went with my parents, but they all didn't like it.I guess we don't have the same style
4,I expected Pixar and Disney's Inside Out and Zootopia, but it's monotonous, obvious, and boring. The music and the family are worth watching, but the other time was a waste to watch some of those scenes
6,In Korea, I think Annie is good at this
6,It's a bit childish, but it was nice to see the unique sentiment of South America after a long time ago
6,It's high quality and worth watching
5,They say it's fun, but... I'm not that sleepy... There's a bit of a twist
2,I was going to watch Elsa, but the commercial was 10 minutes long and the ending was boring
2,I wasn't that impressed.crying
6,I wanted to cry, but it wasn't as touching as I thought I had high expectations
6,It was fun, but I think it would be better not to watch Frozen for a few minutes afterwards ㅠㅠ It ruined the lingering feeling of the movie
6,I heard that it was touching and the rating was good, so why Elsa and Elsa in the beginning of spring? The Christmas uproar between Ulaf and Elsa. It's not 9 points, but Mexican music and guitar, and I like it and it's just one calm touch.  I'm not as good as with God, but I'm less immersed in it because it's an animation^^
1,It's obvious who's who, it's obvious the villain, it's so obvious the situation is so obvious, it's obvious how you wake her up when she almost loses her memory at the end. It's obvious that grandmother suddenly comes to her senses because of doing that. It was just a novel that anyone could write. Only the video was pretty.
6,I cried a lot. The movie that made me emotional in the latter part
6,Well, at the end, it's a bit sad. I guess I exceeded my expectations
6,It was fun. Little children are not funYes.
1,It's a movie that I can't
5,The story itself is interesting, but I wonder if the conservative culture of remembering ancestors and performing ancestral rites should have been portrayed as so beautiful and important. It's funny to paint people who don't have a family as poor beings even when they die.
1,It's to adjust the rating Even in the underworld, the superior man lives well, and the ugly man disappears. Concerts that only VIP can enter made me feel rejected. The best scene is singing in front of Coco. A movie with a unique imagination. I think it's in the late eights. I recommend it. ^^
6,A movie that can feel Mexico and praise the imagination beyond death!
2,I was touched at the end, but... I didn't enjoy it. To be honest.
6,When I first saw Coco, I liked it so much that I watched it with my child three times, and the more I see it, the more I see it, the more I see it, the more I overlap with "sing Unwanted family business inheritance, music contest format, shy musician's first stage. Pororo Zootopia Sing Coco. I feel bitter for some reason.
6,I love Disney OST
1,Make it in Mexican and show it only in Mexico
4,Watch it. It's a movie you'll regret I don't recommend it.
4,I understand that it is a setup to emphasize the importance of family, but what kind of weird idea is that if there is no family who uploads pictures to the memorial service or becomes famous and does not remain in the memory of many people, even in the underworld? It is neither pleasant nor warm.
1,Why is Frozen in front of you? It was boring and I don't know why the ratings are so high. Even if it's not Frozen, it's boring
4,Kindergarten students are scared. I couldn't watch it until the end
1,I watched the movie because the rating was high, but I fell asleep for 10 minutes as soon as the movie started--ㅡㅡ
6,Honestly, it wasn't as good as I expected. I wanted to be touched, but I think it wasn't enough.
2,I went to see it because the rating was so good, but I was sleepy in the middle because I was bored. About three stars? But other people's ratings were so good that I only gave them one star.
2,I don't know... except for the last drop of blood.
5,A very finely crafted emotional touch home drama. I almost cried, too. Did you cry, too? Connecting the dead and the living, making the family a family.Remember me, remember me. I'm disappearing. Because you don't remember.
5,Why is the review so good? Is it just me? To be honest, I was a little bored and almost fell asleep for the first time than the Disney movie. Remember, the song was really sad and touching, and I thought it was the reason why I watched this movie, but that's the end. It's all worth being surprised to see Elsa.
6,If you think about likes and dislikes, you'll get your money's worth
6,It's an obvious story, but it's a good movie
6,It was fun. It was touching. I watched it with my nephew, and he watched it well^^
1,The main character's boy is a nuisance, a nuisance, and a cancerous disease
6,Music and attractions were good, but the story was too children's
6,Was I looking forward to it too much?  It was just like that.But as an adult, it made me rethink the meaning of ancestral rites
1,Psychokinesis is 100 times more funIt's so funny. Look at that
1,Third-rate story. How can you understand the husband who abandoned his child? Is it because it's for kids? I just wasted my time...
6,At first, "Frozen" was a bit long, so I didn't know what to do, but Coco was good
6,I heard a lot that it was fun, and I was looking forward to it so much that it was below my expectations. And I couldn't concentrate because "Frozen" came out in the frontcrying
6,It was fun and I think I made the movie well, but it was a little boring
6,The content and colorful graphics were good, but the song...Is it because of South American music?It's not my cup of tea
1,I don't really get a rating, but this is the worst story ever. I didn't know Disney would make a story about using emotions to beautify trash like this. The graphics were getting better and better, but the story was...It's possible to glorify leaving a child behind whether or not you searched for it in the middle.
6,It's just worth watching. I don't know why the rating is so high.
6,Remember me. I hope it won't be forgotten
4,It was touching and fun
6,The story was good and it was fun
6,I think Frozen was a bit long. It was fun, but when Coco started, my kids started to lose their concentration. It's a movie that adults enjoyed watching in 100 years crying
6,I was wondering if I was emotionally dry. I was just wondering when it would end. It's a story that you can expect when you watch it. I just watched it Is it because I was looking forward to it?That's what I think
6,It's a gentle touch...Hah!
2,Don't watch it with the babies.It's boring and all the kids are sleeping or can't concentrate...It's not for adults. It's not for babies. It's medium...
6,I was wondering what it was when I heard "Frozen"
6,The dubbing was really good except for the main character's voice, but the main character's voice made me really reluctant to listen to it
6,The first movie my son watched when he came to the theater. It's a movie that will make a good memory for him
6,The overall story was good, but the fun was just
6,The best courtesy of the dead is memory
1,The opening of "Frozen" was more fun.It was like trying to make me cry by glorifying superstitious thingsㅠㅠ Both my boyfriend and I were so bored that we came here to get a rating, but the rating is higher than I thought.I'm sure you have a part-time job.There will be some likes and dislikes!
6,I enjoyed watching "Frozen" with my kid
6,Hm~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~That's a question. The middle part is boring.I almost dozed off ㅜㅜ I was touched at the end. A drop of tears! The overall review is below expectations.
5,The message I was trying to convey was good but the way it was delivered was rather childish
6,It's just not fun, right?remember me~!
6,So so... I didn't have a lot of inspiration.
6,My 6-year-old daughter is still not having funT
6,Was I the only one who was about to do that?Yes?
4,It's so much fun to watch with the kids
6,It's interesting to see a new perspective on death.Frozen came out in front of us... Did you come in wrong jQuery22408790040215176727_1517704359892 Did you call this Coco? That's a big flaw^^
2,Not touching because you're squeezing it
1,It's part-time job heaven. Don't look It's not fun
6,For those who don't like Mexican songs, Bichuim was not as good as I thought
6,It was a touching movie and it was a good movie It was a little boring in the beginning ㅜㅜ
6,It's such a clear topic that the movie becomes a bit cliche.
1,I don't know how Disney Pixar came to this point. Going to the underworld is not dramatic at all, and the sincerity of the boy's music is not very visible. I feel like I saw an observation camera of an immature boy. There was no Disney and no Pixar.
2,If you die, it's either heaven or hell Don't be fooled by the world's stories The dead never wander Heaven or hell Don't forget. Please
6,I was emotional because I thought of my late grandmother. I always remember my grandmother vividly
6,He's a real grandpa
6,The story is a bit far-fetched.
6,Honestly, it was a bit childish
1,It's not fun to watch Pixar after watching Disney Comedy scenes aren't funny at all. Boring and falling asleep in the middle
6,It was so much fun ^_^ The song is impressive
1,I have a mouth. Saviu Faitbiau. I have a mouth. And Duri Duyayami Dooyutaker
6,I don't understand why you're showing a long winter story in the beginning.
1,같It really looked like S.f;
1,I only remember "Remember Me"
4,It must have been boring even if you didn't look forward to it
6,Miguel Jjum was frustrating
6,With God, and Coco, too. The underworld must gather by country and nationality
6,It might be boring to look forward to it.Dante's dog is so cute
4,The characters are very cute. The graphics are really good and the voice actors' voices are so lovely. But it was boring except for the end. The animation might not fit me. I think it will be interesting for those who like Disney.
2,I guess I have a slightly different view...It wasn't touching, it wasn't fun.팝콘 I ate popcorn and Coco...Zzz....lol
3,prove to oneself that production costs and impressions are not proportional
1,I thought it was my second time watching the movie because of the obvious story and direction I was looking forward to it.Personally, it was so boring that I kept checking my watch I don't think it's a movie that fits everyone because of its high rating
2,ㅠㅠ I can't leave it because I can't see it.
1,It's so boring. Including Olaf,
6,My imagination of death is in front of me
1,I can't believe the rating. I think... Honestly, it's not touching
6,I'm sure it'll be boring if you expect a fresh story, the obvious punishment and family love story.
1,Seriously, is this fun? This was the first time I came out in the middle because it wasn't fun Why did Frozen come out at first?
2,A festival of ghosts denying heaven and hell!
2,It's been 30 minutes since I watched it. Every time it's not fun, the mood gets loose and the graphics are good, but the contents are so obvious that I'm sleepy
6,It was touching, but it was also a movie that I felt bored
1,Don't believe in ratings.I'm a big fan of all animations. That's childish for Pixar. I have a lot of tears in my eyes, but if I watch other Pixar movies, I'm going to cry out loud.
2,I think it was made to make me cry It was sad, but not to the point of crying. It wasn't as good as I thought
2,The whole time I watched Coco, the elements of the animated film overlapped so I lost focus. It's a movie called "The book of life" and it's all similar except for the story.I'm not the only one who felt this way, but foreign articles came to my mind
1,What's this ㅜㅜ What's this ㅜㅜ
1,The content is so vain. Mexican island? I don't agree. I don't know why the rating is so high. Therefore, I give you a rating of one point.
1,BTS isn't coming out! - It's really a mess. BTS, be successful!~~
1,Oh, my God. Why is there such a big difference between the subtitles and the dubbing? I can't concentrate because the voice of the main character of the dubbing is sung by a female voice actor. A more mature man should have dubbed the main character. You should've played a native song with subtitles. Even the song in Korean
6,I thought I came in the wrong way to see Frozen. I'm scared in front of youCoco is fun, but I'm not sure if I'm old, but I'm a little sleepy I think the kids will like it
1,I'm flattering you so much, uh...
6,It's a bummer that there's a boring part
2,Was Coco the only one who didn't like it?
1,Don't waste your time on a tiny Ulaf and go in 20 minutes after the movie starts.
2,Don't believe in the ratings, but make sure to ask the moviegoers and decide.
6,I'm proud to be your family
6,It's not very fresh and the video isn't very creative. The main character wants to become a singer, but his family opposes it because of his grandfather, who left home. He meets his grandfather in contact with his soul. He learns about his grandfather's unfair death and announces it to the world. The end
1,If you can't watch childish things, don't watch them
2,I must have been looking forward to it...
6,At the end, I get emotional, but I don't know. Everyone has different values, and don't watch it unless you're going to watch it early or late at night I was sitting next to the babies and didn't see any movies. And even if it wasn't for the babies, everyone was making a fuss. It wasn't good
6,Coco is sad ㅠㅠㅠ
1,It's disgusting to see the cheap money of the jjangkaes starting from the beginning of the movie.Chinese in South America background...
6,The front part is long.I'm looking forward to Frozen
4,The movie was very calm
6,Personally, it wasn't fun
2,You've solved a lot of problems. It's a movie that was unpleasant the whole time
1,I've never seen such a weird movie before. I think I've seen all of it today
1,I've never seen such a weird movie before. I think I've seen all of it today
6,The murderer is very happy in the afterlife. I don't think it's a money-dominated paradise. The main character's theme was expressed well.
5,I don't know about people who are sad. It's not that it's boring. I don't know
6,I dozed off and woke up at the end, so I took a look. It's just
2,It was fun, but...  That was a bummer. Why was it well received?
2,It's not a gura, but I've never seen a review movie before. It's not a movie to watch in a good way, but it's not fun to watch in a bad way; of course, it's touching and I cried at the end, but the development is mixed up and not fun
6,Elementary and mid-term are so boring.
6,Nieces and nephews under 10 are pretty boring I thought it was okay, but I don't know why I put Elsa in the beginning... The whole show was too long
6,I missed the movie and lost money
1,Remember this movie, don't forget to watch it on TV during the holidays
1,Money, time, grandmother. Annoyed because of something. Elsa was the best in front of the no fun
6,It's fun, but it's kind of obvious
2,The rating is too high. I almost fell asleep until the middle.
6,It wasn't as good as I expected. Frozen in front of me was really boring and the beginning of the movie was so obvious and angry. From the middle to the end, it was okay and the last one was touching, but personally, I don't think it's a good grade.ㅠㅠ Bored overall
6,My sister paid for it, but she told me not to watch it
6,It's okay. It's worth watchingThe kids have fun, tooHe's doing it
1,I'm telling you from the bottom of my heart. Frozen, which runs for 20 minutes in the front, was more impressive, and the song was also memorable.
6,If you have high expectations, your satisfaction level goes down.
6,It's a calm family movie
6,The movie was okay, but 20 minutes before "Frozen"?Showing the extent. I thought I was in the wrong movie theater.
4,It's not like I'm watching because I'm sad
2,Never watch a suicidal movie with depression
1,ㅐ 루 루 함 Luham sincere body drink ㅠㅠ
1,I really believed Pixar had 9 points, but I never imagined I'd get hit in the back like this; the obvious twist, the boring storyline, the songs that I don't remember at all.
6,The visual beauty is beautiful.
6,The song was good!
6,If you don't listen, you have to get in trouble
6,I dozed off in the middle, but it was fun
6,I felt the love of my family
6,I'm touched at the end They say it's not fun at first My daughters
6,I trusted Pixar, but it was just like that for me
4,The movie is long... It is a movie that teaches the importance of family and how to live a good life.My nephew is bored. It wasn't as good as I thought
1,Is this a movie? I slept well for 2 hours because I thought it would be better than that.
6,a realistic assessment I saw you at the reunion yesterday. I was flustered when I first came out on "Frozen"... The song is good and everything is good, but when does Coco start? Coco is kind of boring in the beginning. His singing skills are much better than "Frozen". The story of the afterlife is fresh and full of creativity. The last touch
2,The story is good, but the dubbing character, Seong Wu, was so awkward. Why don't you use professional voice actors?jQuery22408565865345228652_1517126343731
2,Family Precious Warm Film
6,He's 7 years old and he's having a hard timeI chose it because it'd be nice to watch it together, but I was sad that I couldn't watch it properly
6,It was fun but sad
1,I was your father! If you want to see the development, watch it
6,It's better than I expected.It also helps me realize the importance of my family
6,The story is good, but my 9-year-old daughter is bored until mid to late I thought a lot about whether I should go out or not The first part of "Frozen II" felt more like a real movie --ㅡㅡ
6,It's fun. It's nice to watch with kids
6,Make sure to watch it with your eyes rather than words
6,It's too bad for Disney... That was too obvious The twist was too predictable ㅠㅠ The visual beauty was good. Miguel's voice actor was a child actor. This is amazing. Honestly, it was kind of boring
6,Elsa's story came out wrong, but Coco's movie was about looking back on her family
6,I don't know why I came out on "Frozen" in the beginning. It's fun in the middle and the middle. It's boring in the beginning
6,It's fun to watch
6,I think I saw it with high expectations
6,I enjoyed it. It's the best
6,It was pretty good. Remember me
1,I feel very, very bad
6,Bored once because of Frozen, boring twice because the content is easy. But overall, it's kind of fun.
1,It's too obvious.You just wasted your money--
6,It's a great movie with a mix of emotion and scale
4,Elsa... It was out of the blue The 8-year-old's a little boredI think I was looking forward to it too much.I was so moved and the lesson was not that great;;;;
6,The movie that my 5-year-old son cried because he was scared all the whole time.I enjoyed it K
1,It's not fun. It's made into a movie. It's childish
5,In the middle, the story seemed to be drawn out, but it was touching. It'd be better to watch it with your family than with your friends
6,It's a bit cliche
1,I held back what I wanted to come out in the middle. I don't like it when skulls come out
6,Everyone says it's fun, but why am I so bored and twisted? I guess Moana is my style
6,It was okay. It was touching
6,I was less interested because I expected such obvious touching from the beginning. But it didn't have any comic elements. My child is bored and then sniffles at the end.
1,As if I was fooled by the comment part-time job, it wasn't fun, it wasn't touching, it was boring being a kid and an adult
1,Hm... 10 letters. 10 letters
6,It's just worth watching. Was it "Remember me"? I only remember the song.
2,If it wasn't fun for me, 10 letters. 10 letters
1,Babies are scared of skeletons while watching, and I think the content and lessons of the movie itself are good, but I think it is the same as openly disparaging Christianity. People who don't go around won't understand.I don't know why I'm belittling it.It's the worst movie ever
5,A good movie to watch at home during killing time, but it was a waste of money to watch it at the movie theater
5,I don't like snowflakes and the song is pretty obvious
1,I watched it with my friend. We both dozed off and the song is really good^^ The melody keeps hovering around Re:memVer me~
4,Yes, only the song is good. Remember me, I kept sleeping. I checked the ticket when I came out on Frozen, and on NAVER, Coco went like this
6,The movie that makes me feel sad. I think coco could have made it better, but it was a movie that made me really excited after watching the review
6,Should we hold a memorial service?
6,I enjoyed watching it with the kids!
5,It was a good movie, but not my cup of tea
6,It was boring from the children's point of view, but I cried
6,The story is good and the background is just fantastic. But the dubbing is not good.
6,I'm enjoying it, but my 7-year-old son was scared, so I came out in the middleㅜㅜ
6,Coco gets 10 points and Frozen gets 6 points. I went to see Coco, not suddenly to see the singing Frozen
1,Where did Pixar's creativity go and where did you hear it?
6,Please choose your horoscope a visitor/netizen
6,Obstruction of Olaf's Appisode
6,There's jam. It's fun.
2,You have to search for a snowman for 20 minutes before the movie starts, what is it? Did I come into the wrong theater? It'll be over in about five minutes, right? That's 20 minutes... It's boring. There's not much to it. And I lost all my energy from the start of the movie that I watched from the beginning
2,Pixar's breaking up like Disney
6,Pixar is so nice, but I was surprised to see the Christmas episode of Frozen. Maybe that's why it was so short, but the fantastic color and imagination are definitely Pixar ♥♥♥
1,Garbage bird = Kkami's rating is low. Look at her. 234 MeOO Neuginabae 234 meals
6,It is a movie for adults that shows a calm impression in an ordinary twist, and the novelty that embodies the Eastern proverb, "Betraying faith rings the bell of life."
6,It's too hard for preschoolers to seeㅜ I'm sorry
4,Am I the only one who's a series of inappropriate caricatures Is it a cultural difference, or am I weird?
1,The main character's baby is so unheardly
5,A predictable development... There's a bit of a stretch in the story.
4,I was a little boredT
6,Disney's obvious storyline, too fast development, and gender-differentiated high sexual awareness and rich and poor interrupted the movie, but Disney's moral and love, beautiful aesthetic images, and the hero's sense of liberation were touching
6,It's both boring and sad
6,a Disney movie that is interesting and unexpected but without cause
1,It's really not fun...
2,It's a bit boring
1,No, the ratings and the evaluation were so good that I was looking forward to it and watching it to heal after work on weekdays. Wow... -- Are you kidding me? I almost ran out of the theater. I'm suspicious that it'
6,It was good to feel the importance of family. But the story of the afterlife is the main story, and it's not visually good because it keeps coming out with skeletal bones
6,I thought that Frozen came out too long and went into the wrong place. My 4-year-old daughter was having a hard time, so I couldn't see her and didn't see itㅜㅜ I'm more curious about the movie reviews I'll have to watch it again
