씽2게더
5,The image in the poster was memorable.
1,Too obvious. Not touching. The music is just like that, too. Secretary Chameleon's eyes falling out is so gross.
6,Even for those who don't like animations, listen to music
6,The pouring songs are fun and the colorful and cute videos are fun.
6,I remember the first episode being vague but exciting.Once again, it is filled with music and simplifies the drama with a definite villain.Animals and basual slapsticks are still.
6,Your song saved my life
2,Make more. A few years old TV personality
6,Good song selection
5,Don't press it because it will be moved to material containing spoilers. If you do, leave the window in 10 seconds.
4,The story is sadder than the previous one, but the audition song selection doesn't disappoint me every time to time
6,It's a shame that the story is not smooth, but the music and the fancy city screen are impressive
5,It's perfect for the killing time!
5,I was looking forward to "Sing 1" because I enjoyed it so much, but it was a bummer that the video was too flashy and the story was too extreme
1,No fun, you ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
6,The movie whose eyes are more enjoyable than the previous one, but whose ears are less enjoyable personally, the story was disappointing than the previous one, but everyone will enjoy it!!
6,It was quite fun, maybe because I didn't expect it
6,I can't help it if the story is obvious, but it's kind of if there's no content and only the song comes out...The process of resolving the conflict was very sloppy, and the song and the impression on the screen were good.The scale is big.
6,I remember Porsha, who played a role that was acquired by his own power rather than a set role.
6,The scale has grown, but it follows the mistakes of the previous episode
1,Too bad it's seriously childish.
1,a very childish and boring movie
3,It wasn't the OST that I thought it would be, but it was disappointing.
2,The song is dubbed, so it's completely ruined   If you watch the dubbed version, you'll be in trouble
2,Hollywood trash. Oh, it's so loud
1,No fun! I think the first episode is more fun
5,It's a bit disappointing compared to 1
4,Director, please don't change it and just go with itT
2,Never watch dubbing more than a teenager.My main purpose of watching movie is to listen to music, but I can't believe that I can dub the song in Korean.After a long time, I took a bath from my kids and left the room.
6,It's fun to watch even though there's no content
6,It doesn't matter if you don't watch the first episode A lot of songs that we know come out, so it's more fun
6,The reviews were good, so I watched it and it was funEach song was good and the characters were cute!
6,The second harmony where the eyes are more enjoyable than the ears...
6,The first one is better, but I enjoyed it
6,It's definitely better than the first one, and it's graphic, but there's almost no change in the story.
1,If you watch anime, you can't eat flatfish. Of course, I'm left-handed, so I don't want to eat jjokguk anime
2,... I woke up sometimes because it was too loud to wake you up. Sing 1 was very fun, but I was a little disappointed
5,I dozed off while watching...
6,The song is exciting. It's fun because I know it from time to time, but I was worried because there were a lot of kids, but the kids are quiet and good at watching, but 9B saves me at the most decisive moment! So I said, "Ok JR". So I said, "Kim Park Sam, ahdak"
6,a magic that moves ordinary stories
6,It's so chaotic, but it's so nice to hear a familiar song
1,He was greatly disappointed by the sudden attitude of the crew, who seemed to have completely lost his memory of his fellow mouse, who had strong licorice chemistry in the first episode.
1,He was greatly disappointed by the sudden attitude of the crew, who seemed to have completely lost his memory of his fellow mouse, who had strong licorice chemistry in the first episode.
6,All the lions look sexy. It looked good as a medley of 21st century pop songs
2,Story The worst 1 point music is wrapped in a line Weird story The famous OST comes out in the middle I don't even remember the rest of the OST
6,I didn't know there was Sing 1 and I watched this movie first ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
4,I don't think it was that fun
6,The first one is fun and the second one is fun.
2,Is this for the entire audience?I went to watch a fun movie with elementary school children, and it seems that the video and background music go well together, but...I almost fainted because of the captions and the curve!The song I put in the house in the video that the kids watch is so obscene, and the lyrics of the psychopaths keep coming out as sub-titles, so the kids read it!People of all ages write songs like this and add subtitles with Korean lyrics.ㅠㅠ"Let's Go Crazy" by Prince"Can't Feel My Face" by The Weeknd"Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" by Elton John"Heads Will Roll" by The Yea Yeah"Look You Whoozy"...Ready for It?” by Taylor Swift“My Name Is” by Eminem“Abracadabra” by Steve Miller Band“She Bangs” by Ricky Martin“bury a friend” by Billie Eilish“Hotline Bling” by Drake“Where The Streets Have No Name” by U2“LTE SPOTS” by KATRANADA“I Don’t Want to Miss a Thing” by AerosmithPerfect Duet by Ed Sheeran & Beyonc?“Chop Suey!” by System of A Down“Break F"ree" by Ariana Grande, Zedd "Who's That Girl?" by Eve "I Like It" by Cardi B, Bad Bunny and J Balvin (Dillon Francis Remix) There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back" by Shawn Mend. There's a lot more crazy
6,It was a pretty explicit movie, but I could realize once again that it was always interesting to enjoy a carefully decorated stage.
6,It's bigger than the previous one
2,Children's movies. Songs aren't that good either.I'm glad to hear the famous songs in the middle, but there's no OST for the movie OST
6,It's just worth watching! It's cute.
6,Compared to the previous one, the story is simple, but the OSTs are great
6,It's a movie that makes a living by singing. But it's not bad.
6,It's not as good as the first episode. The song is good, but there's no process. If there's only a song, it's unlikely
1,
5,It feels like I only focused on videos rather than music.  Compared to the first episode, there are no songs to listen to
6,The song was good, but...To be honest, it was a little boring.It's kind of course
2,I liked the first one better The second part was a bit chaoticcrying
6,There are so many unfamiliar American pop songs for children to enjoy, and the story is too poor for adults to enjoy
6,Pyeongsik's words are correct. He hums along unexpectedly. Before the last performance, it's not fun. It's about 5 points, but the last performance is worth watching. About 7 points?6 points in total would be enough~~ It's hard to feel like a parade in Everland in Koch, so you'll feel the same way if you show it to the kids~ It's not that fun or touching~ But adults have a few things to sympathize with, but I can't forget the lion's wife The wolf captain's daughter? The face is a wolf animation, but the body is exaggerated, but the body is slim, and the movement is natural like a human being, except for the wolf's face, it is like a pig couple? After the performance, the details of taking a pose and breathing in and out are alive, so the face looks like a pig, and the body part is really natural and impressive. Haha, the latest one that I'm familiar with? Pop songs keep coming out, but it's written in the right place, so it's easy to hear Eilish Bad Girl
6,a cheerful medley of animals
6,It's not my style but... Haha
6,Don't be swayed by your own show
6,A movie that puts up with the rest of the time to watch the ending of the musical.
4,It's not a movie but a live performance
1,Honestly, what's wrong with wolves? The koala was a scam, and she took over private property, performed whatever she wanted, and the wolf got mad Does it make sense for a wolf daughter to sing better and act better in stunts and give her a role back to a pig who can't even act in stunts? And succeed with an improvised performance? It's completely empty
6,The spectacular video was worth watching, but compared to Sing 1, the music was...
6,The last courage you need to achieve your dream
4,Too Safe Sequel As Expected
2,I was looking forward to it, but the first one is more touching and fun. But the second one is I was sleepy
5,It's a bit childish, but I enjoyed it
4,If you make it unreasonable, you'll get in trouble now!
6,It's boring. I don't think the kid enjoyed ita six-year-old girl
6,The music is so good The story is a bit disappointing
6,A spectacular show of animal characters, Sing!
5,An obvious story without a twist. Boring development. The music isn't as good as the first one. It was just a waste of money
6,It's nice to watch lightly. It's more flashy than the first episode, but the story isn't that great. There are a lot of famous songs
6,The scale is great, but the story 1 was more fun
6,It's more colorful and moving than the first episode, but it's still fun
1,I enjoyed itThe visuals were amazing and it felt like I was watching a concertBut I broke up with my boyfriend after watching this
5,It's better than the first movie, but I don't think it's worth looking forward to.I think it's good to look light.
6,The song is done
6,It's a childish and cliche story, but I liked the music
6,No fun... I like all Disney movies, but I'm disappointed with this movie I almost went home in the middle. Because of the visual beauty, 6 points...
6,I get emotional when I win the gorilla dance competition and the others are just. Especially, the Clay Lion is not impressed, why he's there -- he's a bridesmaid.
6,Full of video and music
4,Unlike most animations and previous works, Singh, these days, there weren't many things that made an impression on adults. It's an obvious story, cliché, and extremely optimistic story, so I expect how it will go. Also, a rather hectic and distracting progression interferes with even immersion. I'm a little disappointed in this regard. But I think it's a good movie to watch with children. I'd prefer a hopeful story.Ost is also... I didn't really like them, but they are famous songs.I liked the OST at the end. Sounds perfect.
4,Less than expected ㅠㅠ Personally, it wasn't fun
1,Wow, it's not fun or touching.What a waste of money, this is a movie that children will like.Because of Zootopia, I had high expectations for Animal Annie.The song is good. A lot of songs that I know come out
6,Look at Spider-Man's Noway Home
5,It was the only time I had fun listening to hit pop songs.
2,I think it's worth watching. Subtitles are better
6,The Greatest SHOWANIMAL
6,From that time to the present, all the pop songs that we love and love are coming out. Whenever I hear a song that I know, I'm happy to hear it. But the story and probability that was too poor.
6,The characters are cute and the song is good, tooHaha
6,The fun and character building is less than the first one, but I can't help but cry in Bono's performance scene
6,A movie with a huge cast lineup and a variety of music. But that's all.
2,Poor movie. I can't believe I moved all the lyrics of pop songs to Korean captions. I'm watching it with the lower grades, and I'm nervous. I'm worried about kisses. Reptile eyes are falling out and walking around~ Disney is better for movies. Never show a parent who considers healthy media exposure to their child. The popular pop songs are full of emotions and storyless comic lines
6,I thought it would be made with sound, but it's made with visuals.
1,It wasn't fun, so I just sleptHaha
1,It's not fun. I don't know what it's about There are more than 20 songs. I don't know why I put it in the lyrics that don't fit the situation. It's weird. There are so many scary and nervous points. There are so many Ranobel clichésIt's not fun.
