파워 오브 원
6,have an unnecessarily high rating The conversion of the scene is unnatural because the storyline is cut off. It's a lesson like a hero's narrative. It's obvious. Fight what you believe is right. Something like that. Rainmaker
5,Perfect for educational movies
1,It would have been worth watching at the time of its release, but it is far from a masterpiece beyond the times.
6,There is nothing to watch except OST, Walt Disney Lion King
1,You don't have to join white supremacy
5,It's a cringe-worthy masterpiece
6,Strangely unpleasant movie, is it amazing that the white hero is wearing a colored washbasin?After all, it's nothing more than a white supremacist film about white people leading black people
4,I slept only half way through--
1,It's a good movie, but let's lower the rating.
1,a zodiacal boxing film
5,If I had seen him 20 years ago, I would have been touched. For me, it is just a movie of distracting memories under the mask of a masterpiece. I was watching the beginning...I think I saw it somewhere When I went to South Africa, I remembered playing it at a language school. Apart from race or human rights, the movie reminded me of three years ago.
6,It's usually the feeling of putting too much race and peace on a growth film
4,an ordinary drama Perhaps because of political fairness, it seems that it has been overvalued in Korea.
6,The courage of those against racism in South Africa. White people discriminate according to their seeds?
1,It's ridiculous compared to the original... If you were moved by this movie, I strongly recommend you to read the original...
5,A film that glorifies the invasion of South Africa with very bad German whites and a little less bad British whites
1,a OOO movie in the mask of a masterpiece
4,A white boy hero leads an ignorant black public in a very repugnant movie
1,It's a good movie, but it's too high. Good message but a bit distracted
4,It wasn't a movie that could hit 10 points.But is this a 90's movie?
5,I didn't know that at the time, but now I'm watching a white supremacist movie
6,I don't know at the time, but now that I look at it...
3,I feel sorry for the movie and myself.
2,White Supremacy Flag! The reality of apartheid is what Mandela and Black people did, not white people!
6,I'm impressed by the heavy development in the beginning, but the development becomes more heavy in the second half.
4,The message is clear, but the plot is crude.
5,It's too contrived
5,The later developments were poor, and the subject was not evident
4,How do you watch this movie?
5,A movie about racism?Then why is the main character a white hero, not a black one?
