해리 포터와 마법사의 돌
1,Something, something, something, hmm, hmm, nana
4,..I watched it when it was released and I watched it again. not much
4,I'm not interested in this series.
5,Where is the fun when you first saw me 20 years ago?
4,When I saw it before and now, I thought it was for children
6,It's a movie with a lot of things to see, but...
6,Harry Potter is so much fun except for being scolded and scary
1,It was such a fun talent show
6,I want the re-released movies to be released cheaper I don't think it makes sense that it's the same priceHaha
1,The rating is too high.
4,Megabox, how many original Harry Potter tickets did you prepare? It would have been nice if you had notified me about the quantity exhaustion before watching the movie, but I heard that it was sold out after watching it.I was sad but Harry Potter is the best "Fan ID," I love you!
1,Wow, I downloaded it to study English, but what is the English caption error from the beginning?I downloaded it for 5,000 won, but there is an English caption error from the beginning...I really showed it to children for educational purposes, and I almost taught them weird English. What is it? It's obviously "do you think" but even if I listen to it... What is so? Did you listen to it when you made English subtitles? Or did you google it and capture it all? I'm flustered while looking at it'
6,At the time, the Lord of the Rings was so fun that I ignored Harry Potter and didn't watch it. Now that I see it, I'm glad I didn't watch it. It's like a kid's tasteLOL It's fun, but it's inappropriate for adults to see
1,It's a terrible story that wizards and witches in the movie will dazzle children, indulge in magic and sorcery, and revere demons. We should quickly designate novels as forbidden books and abolish all movies.
4,I've never watched Harry Potter except for the special on TV for the rest of my life, but there were so many people around me who told me to watch Harry Potter, so I really looked forward to it, but it wasn't as fun as I thought. Is it because I was looking forward to it too much? The whole time I saw if the gag code didn't match me, there was nothing to laugh at, let alone laugh at, and I don't think 20 years ago, I don't think this CG or magic alone can impress me. In terms of storytelling, I think it's a sudden development that a group of students who are students were able to go to the basement to find magic stones. It is a pity that all professors protect the magic stone, and that even freshmen can pass by lightly. Most movies leave some lingering feelings in the last scene, but I don't think I'm really curious about the next story and I'm very disappointed. I heard it's a masterpiece, but I only wrote down negative responses. But I think young kids who like fantasy will like it.
6,I think I enjoyed watching it when I was young, but it's too childish to watch it now. I'll keep it as a memory of my childhood. Goodbye Harry Potter~~~
2,I would have cried if I paid for it and watched it on Watcha. My life where I'm sitting down with 2 points is a legend
6,If we had fought together from the beginning...
1,
1,I gave up after seeing half of it
1,...the beginning of the fall...
5,A movie that elementary school students can watch. It's too childish for an adult to see.
1,
4,When I was young, all the people around me didn't like Harry Potter, so I didn't have anything to do because I didn't watch it, so I was bored, childish, and obvious because I was looking forward to it because it was famous. You have to be curious about the next story, but you're not curious at all. Would it have been different if you watched it when you were young?
6,Compared to his reputation...
1,horse simulation farmer farmer herdsman farmer farmer farmer farmer farmer ability
1,A nuclear warhead is standardized by a family chart.
1,Time-consuming and brilliant achievements Price will be fair
2,Why is it so boring? I'm falling asleep. Did my eyes get too high because I watched a lot of fun movies?Especially, it's so boring. When does it end? I was just thinking about it.CG is too old
1,Hong Gil-dong and Home and Education Tuat
1,uydfgddgiihfdeu
2,I usually fall asleep while watching a movieIt's boring.
1,It's a terribly childish movie for kids
2,I watched it because it was so popular, but it was not fun. The main character is B S and I don't know what part is fun
1,I watched all the Harry Potter series but lost track of time
1,The first movie is really a masterpiece. I still remember the grandeur of Hogwarts when it first came out. Of course, other movies are fun, but I think the Sorcerer's Stone best expresses Harry Potter
1,Elementary movie - Childish Bbongjjak
1,Create at least 10 characters excluding spaces
1,I know I shouldn't watch the 2001 movie right now, but the main character buff is too serious and unlikely. I almost fell asleep even though it was 4D. I feel like I didn't do well in 4D either. If you've seen it, it' If you've seen it, it's better not to watch it.
1,It's my first time sleeping while watching a 4D movie
1,I'm running out of money. LOL
1,A low-key fantasy movie that only infants watch.
1,"Rolling, I ran out of money. Are you rolling the last movie?"
1,That's a high rating. That's what the part-timers wrote. No stupid movie, no jam, no childish movie
1,The movie that came out in the theater in 2001 was noisy, the content was childish, and the worst in my memory...There are only a few movies that came out while watching it
2,This isn't right, right? Re-opening what???
6,I watched it when I was a baby, so I remember it being fun. It's just the joy of a lost childhood.
1,A movie that has become a memory, a happy time that I miss so much. I was still amazed by the brilliant acting skills of the actors. It's a movie that contains the memories of all of us that we miss so much that we sometimes cry...
6,The content of the novel was a little rustic, as if I had lost my innocence, which I saw for the first time 17 years after almost being forgotten.
5,A fantasy movie with the concept of a children's magic school.Overall, it's boring, but there are small things to see that go with a well-organized worldview and fantasy.
6,A story that flows smoothly.
1,I watched it because it was famous. It's just a children's movie
6,I saw it because it's famous.It's fun
6,If you look at it now, the directing is a bit old-fashioned rather than a masterpiece. It's a fairy tale. That's a little bit of it.
3,Children's fantasy movie. It was hard to watch. The story development was strange, and both directing and acting were like watching a children's play. However, he made good use of the pinta-like atmosphere such as props and background. If you're new to a movie without reading a novel, you shouldn't look forward to it
1,My girlfriend went to the movies and disappeared
1,I watched it a few days ago because I thought it would be fun for adults to watch. It's just a children's movie, literally. It's totally boring for adults.It's a movie that they'll enjoy watching.
1,I didn't like the movie because it was a little hard to read in a book
4,It was my first time seeing the first episode and it was so boring.The second movie is interesting, but when I watched the first one, it was far less than the Lord of the Rings
1,The content doesn't make any sense. Especially, the rules of the game are a mess. I'm just gonna ride a broomstick and play hockey. I'm gonna make something weird and turn it into a stupid novel
1,Not long ago, I liked Harry Potter the most among fantasy and enjoyed it, but I came across the Lord of the Rings series by chance. After seeing the real Lord of the Rings, I was so moved that I couldn't get rid of that lingering feeling for a week. Ever since I saw Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter hasn't come into my sight
1,It was so boring. It was a waste of time
1,I've decided to watch the exhibition series 20 times in 15 years, but I haven't really concentrated on the first movie yet. I don't understand why you're sitting here washing this stuff. He's less immersed, and he's childlike even if you know.
1,Now that I think about it, it's childish
5,I'd like to give you a generous score for this fantasy movie of this time, but the story, the development, is so messed up Later, the Harry Potter series was more interesting as it developed, but the first one was too bad
1,an exciting movie It made me have a pleasant imagination at that young age. The beginning of fantasy. The movie that was such a big part of my life that I can't believe that it has become a memory now. Harry Potter release day was a year-round event.
2,Honestly, I don't really...
1,The development is too absurd Even though I don't know English, I'm tongue-tied at the forced development
6,It's a movie where 10 people on NAVER are concentrated in their teens. Elementary students, thumbs up
1,The Lord of the Rings: Under the belt
2,The setting is interesting, but the development is quite bland and it feels like something is going on separately. Besides, the lack of magic scenes is a bit of a vain ending and too much pushing for the main character team.
1,It took me three days to make a children's movie ㅠㅠ
1,The movie that broke my innocence was really shocking.
6,There was a sense of emptiness in the ending and maybe I gave it a sense of emptiness on purpose because there were a lot of series, but it was a deduction for me and the rest was great
3,Personally, I don't like this kind of movie, so I got 3 points. I think I made a good world view
1,I'm gonna see the Lord of the Rings.
1,One of the movies that benefited the most from waterboarding. I don't know if it's because it's fun... I don't know if it's because other people say it's fun... One point is a waste. These days, honey butter chips, which are not very delicious and are no different from other snacks, are popular for water, and Harry Potter is a movie of that level.
1,It's a movie that kids watch.I don't know why this is such a hit. How do you mobilize audiences similar to Lord of the Rings?
1,Instead of reading a book first, watch a movie first.
1,A wizard doesn't use magic, but it's not a wizard.
2,It should be a movie that cannot be watched over the age of 20. What is this?
6,Honestly, a movie that's worse than a novel...I really enjoyed reading the novel, but the movie was the best. A movie that can't keep up with the original...There were a lot of things that were lacking.
5,Harry Potter who is 30 years old for the first time. It's from 2001 but I didn't watch it then on purpose and now I'm watching it and it's not that interesting; it's a movie for kids
4,,, Harry Potter series doesn't suit me
4,I don't know if it's because I read a book but it's not
6,a movie that is nothing to watch except fancy graphics
6,I don't like the way I used to feel. Let's write down the ratings.
3,It's a bit childish to look older, but the casting is fantastic. Eight points!
4,I remember I enjoyed watching it 10 years ago, but looking at it now, wizard idols are so childish
5,an overseas version of Uromae
6,I'll give you 10 points without the blasphemy of Muggles, but there's nothing better than mankind for wizards They didn't build nuclear weapons, they didn't develop space
1,It was boring and boring. But I watched it until the end...  I watched Armageddon and had a lot of fun with tears and runny nose. This movie is boring.
1,A movie I don't understand what the hell is fun.The probability of the incident is too low and there is no sense of continuity, so you don't know what it is if you don't focus and watch it.
6,Harry Potter begins with the third episode. Episode 1 and 2 are just a preview
6,It's not my type of movie.
1,Thank you for letting me never watch the Harry Potter series again after the first episode ^^
1,Thank you for letting me never watch the Harry Potter series again after the first episode ^^
1,Is it better than I thought that I was forced to watch the movie by my friend's hand?
6,It is a movie made of a book written with a brilliant imagination, but the movie is less than the book and is boring.
6,I don't know if it's a lot of fun, but... It feels like there's nothing to eat at a famous party
5,It's like Children's Day special movie. Kongji and Patzzi are part of it.
1,I saw it in a book, and I looked forward to it because it looked cool, but in the movie, it's totally different from the book ㅠㅠ
5,Why is it so high?
5,.... Not as interesting as Azkaban
1,Compared to Lord of the Rings or Korean fantasy, it is boring.It's a work written by an adult female office worker on the subway
6,It's meaningful that it's just a movie that opens the first chapter of the Harry Potter series
1,Ah, as interesting as the skyline
5,Magic that's still cute
6,The first step into magic, excitement and worry
5,It would have been refreshing to see it at that time.
1,Let's get down to 8 points!
5,The first one is not that...
6,Jun, my childishness... Oops.
1,Rating adjustment
5,The content is interesting, but it's very boring.
1,A movie I watch to watch Emma Watson
4,I went to the movie theater when I was young, but the Harry Potter series itself is not my favorite style
6,A dull show. and I dozed off.
3,Maybe it's because it's an old movie, but I've been bored the whole time, and I'm annoyed that the main characters are little kids
1,a low-rating movement 2人
1,a low-rating movement
6,It's been a while since I last saw you. I think the fantasy genre has developed a lot.
5,Wingardium Leviosa
6,Shut up Malfoy
6,The actors are so cute ^^... But books are the best
6,It's not that bad...
6,Fantasy but not personally. Stardust is better
1,If you look at TWICE, it's so childish!
3,It's so much fun. Hahaha
1, waste, litter,  garbage,  trash,  rubbish
2,It's worth 2 points
3,The beginning of the Harry Potter series. He made a good novel faithfully.
4,I was going to give you 0 points, but I held it in
4,I don't even know if it's third in the world box office.
3,ㅠㅠ I shouldn't have seen the Lord of the Rings first.
5,a botched work of the original
5,a thorough implementation of a novel
4,It has most of the events in the novel, but it has lost most of the brightness and charm of the original Rolling
4,The woman who wrote the novel is great, but I don't like the director who tries to make money using it.
5,Is it the limit of children's movies?
1,I watch a DVD with my friend, but I think I have seen a movie that is not interesting in years.a good movie to cure insomnia
2,I thought I was the only one sleeping in the theater. All those within 1m of the front and rear fell into deep sleep soundly.
1,That's childish.
6,A movie that made me look forward to the Harry Potter series.
6,The beginning of the series wasn't as good as I thought
1,I don't really...
6,The best scene was playing chess in the secret room underground
1,The content is
4,Transformers (9)>300, D-War (8)>Lord of the Rings (7)>Harry Potter (4) is falling asleep
5,- I agree with Choi Kwang Hee's comment. - I'm disappointed
1,I don't understand why this movie works
4,Well... I can't believe I made money.Congratulations... ㅜㅜ
5,Full of interest, zero meaning. It's the funniest part of the series, so 5 points
6,heartwarming fun
4,The only series I watched. After watching this, in the next episode, I'm going to stop watching
6,Since the script is solid and it's a fantasy, a flashy video attracts attention
6,It's terrible, boring, flat and childish compared to the book
5,It feels like the scale has been completely reduced because of the movie I recommended to the book reader
5,I liked it when I was young, but now I'm not
1,I really don't recommend it.--;; I'm a blockbuster maniac, but this isn't it
3,Until the middle of the digging...The ending is empty
1,not much
1,The beginning of elementary school movies
6,The Lord of the Rings was released at the same time.It's not that...
1,No matter how good the original movie is, the director makes it childish and the movie is terrible
6,It's a shame after reading the novel
2,Why is it so sloppy? I'm completely disappointed. A movie for elementary school kids
1,a children's film
6,The original was too good
6,If you don't want to break Hogwarts in your imagination, don't watch it
6,There's no humor in the original and there's nothing different
1,Children's movie. Dozed off in the middle
6,A movie for young children. It's childish and boring.
1,I fell asleep watching it. Boring.
6,It was a movie for children.
5,I don't like it, I really don't like it, I expected it, but it's boring to stay
1,I have a good imagination, but...It's for children
3,Personally, it was a very boring movie
5,I can see it
1,-- What is this? Money earlier (video value;
1,What's good about it?Poor imagination, empty composition.
6,It's a little childish and unexpected, but because of the characters' childhood...
1,You're childish.
6,It's hard to understand if you don't read books. As expected, the book is much more interesting.
1,Book is the best. Casting like a dog. -_- Daniel Emma. Both of them are the best
1,It's a story where you can't keep up with the original drama
3,Columbus, you're so mean. . . . . . .this is not it
4,A movie that was good for books. But why is the book more interesting?
5,a film that has been derailed by children who are excited to see the original
2,a miss-take
6,I didn't enjoy it because I cut it into pieces.As expected, books are much better.
4,Harry Potter is the best in books
4,Children's movies
1,I'm suddenly getting childish.
1,Only the actors were chosen well...
4,Why in the world?
6,It was less than a book
6,It wasn't any different from what I drew in the book, it was reduced, but it was fun
1,It wasn't good
6,Kids' preference
6,poor performance
5,I'm so bored
6,Disappointing poor storytelling. I'd rather have two or three episodes.
6,It was the closest to the original. But compared to the book, it's disappointing...
6,I knew the kids were dying in the theater.
6,I shouldn't have watched it at the theater
1,flat,  boring, dull, uninteresting,  insipid
6,I'm sorry. I didn't watch Harry Potter series after watching this.
1,But... did anyone watch the original?
6,The first episode is a bit...
4,It's nothing for me.
6,Wouldn't it be a little difficult for young Harry Potter to use their imagination?
1,Please stop making such a boring Harry Potter series
5,be inappropriate for a movie...
1,I fell asleep while watching it
1,It would have been nice if it was before reading a book. As expected, I'm not as good as books in movies
1,It's a really boring movie since Fashion of Christ.
5,Imagine with a book... ...that human imagination can't be expressed in a video...
5,It's funny for me to leave a rating.
5,Personally, I don't like Harry Potter movies or novels
6,It is a pity that the book could not be saved as it is
6,It's okay, but maybe because I read the book first... It's too limp.
5,Personally, I don't like this movie.
6,It's like it's breaking apart. Why do I feel like this?
6,I really don't like Harry Potter and the Lord of the Rings.
3,A movie that I thought was a relief to watch for free
1,The director was really good, but because of the nerds.
1,The movie that I had to watch...(Time is a waste)
6,Did I watch it too late?
2,Perhaps because it is the first movie, the actors' acting is immature and exaggerated.
1,It was fun and Emma Watson in Harry Potter was cute. So I fell in love with him.
1,The height of boredom...
1,Graduated... Is this a welcome? I don't understand anyone who's funny.
1,I'm so disappointed compared to the book
1,The novel is lower.
4,Yes, yes. Elementary students, make your dreams come true.
4,It falls far short of the original work than the Lord of the Rings. I can't keep up with the original, "The Lord of the Rings"
1,Harry Potter and Granger, Weasley.The characters of Hagrid and other actors are so vivid
1,It's for children
1,Isn't it childish?
5,It's just a movie that came out well as a novel
6,Disney's Children's Gift Set with More Money
1, attract, invite, lure
1,Can't we see this?
4,The graphics are terrible and the contents of the book are not good enough
5,It was good to express magic, but it is too different from the original and lacks something.
6,The actors' acting skills are very...
5,Boring if you see Lord of the Rings.
5,Boring if you see Lord of the Rings.
